A Matter of Perspective ceshaughnessy Summary: During a birthday party at the Took farm Great Auntie Pringle has some fun. Notes: Chapters were written for the LOTR Community Challenge Group's August Challenge: 2008 "Point of View" and the September 2008 Challenge: "Young and Old." A/N: Pippin is 11 in hobbit years (around 7 in man years), and Merry is 19 (around 12 ½). This story takes place just two months before Bilbo leaves the Shire. Chapter 1 Chapter Text "A Matter of Perspective" Chapter One The birthday celebration for wee Holly Took had been going splendidly. The sounds of laughter from the youngest relations as they darted about playing tag could be heard above the chatting of the adults still seated around the tables in the yard. The last of the cake had just been polished off. Pearl Took emerged from the family's farmhouse with a fresh pot of tea and placed it on the table between her mother and her aunt. Esmeralda gave her niece a glance with a twinkle in her eye and Pearl smiled back. The day was lovely, the weather perfect, and it looked like everyone was having a fine time. Little Holly had been a sickly infant and it was wonderful to see her now healthy and giggling, her chubby cheeks glowing with colour, eyes wide with the wonders of her second birthday. Esmeralda sighed happily. It had all been so worth the extra effort. Holly's mother caught her eye and Peony Took mouthed a 'thank you' to her elder cousin. Esmie nodded and gave her a wink. Pearl headed for the spot where her sister was trying to teach a game of cat's cradle with a ball of wool to three eager youngsters. Teriadoc Brandybuck, Rosemary Took, and Poppy Chubb all huddled closer together while Pimpernel explained what she was doing. She was seated in the shade of one of the farm's many oak trees, her hands entwined in the yarn, her captive audience gathered around, leaning in to watch every move her nimble fingers made. Pearl lowered herself tailor-fashion next to Teriadoc. The child flashed her a playful grin and turned her attention immediately back to Nell. "Our lads have been awfully quiet since they tore through here awhile ago." Esmeralda glanced around the farmyard. "I wonder just what they're about at the moment?" "I wouldn't fret too much. At least they're being quiet." Eglantine paused and titled her head, considering what she'd said, and then laughed out loud. Esmeralda grinned back at her. "I wondered how long it would take you to realise what you'd said." "Oh, perhaps they're simply talking over their little spying episode. Or taking a nap in the hay." "You may be right. No doubt they think they had a rather close call when Auntie came striding up the meadow in their direction. Little rascals!" Esmeralda settled back into her chair and rolled her eyes. "They think dear Pringle doesn't have any idea they were watching her through the bushes. They don't understand so many things about their aunt yet. All they see is someone acting a bit differently than other folks." "Aye, particularly my Pippin. I do believe Auntie's ways frighten him sometimes and that's why he avoids her. He has a great deal to learn." "That, and the fact she has a fondness for pinching his cheeks until they glow," Esmeralda chuckled. "There's no doubt her accident did change her just a wee bit. But not as much as some folks seem to think. Ah well, perhaps Pad and I need to be having a talk with our youngest. If we could answer some questions for him he might feel better about being around her. I don't want his curiosity to get further out of hand and I don't intend to close my eyes to what he and Vinca did today. I don't want them to hurt Auntie's feelings." "Yes, and Merry too. Perhaps we should sit them down and have a chat later? Help them to understand more about their aunt." "Excellent plan. Oh! There goes the old dear now. I'm going to have a word with her. I'll be back shortly." Esmeralda watched her sister-in-law cross the yard calling out to Aunt Pringle. She laughed at the comical hobbitess when Pringle stopped to consider Eglantine with a look of surprise; her great raven Pepper was perched firmly on one shoulder, paintbrush dangling from her hand. In the other she clutched a half-eaten biscuit she'd snatched off the table when she passed them. She reminded Esmie of a youngster at times, both in her manner and appearance. She wondered, not for the first time, exactly what went on in Pringle's mind when she was speaking to her pet as if she truly believed the creature was answering her. She understood the children's mystification. Since the time when she was a small child, Esmeralda had always been fascinated by Aunt Pringle's antics. Every time she'd visited she'd felt drawn to her, spending every possible moment with her aunt and whatever pet Pringle had brought along. Auntie had allowed her to help with the care of numerous animals and birds, and had taught her a great deal about them. There was another reason she'd felt so much kinship with this particular relative, and she pondered that now. The thought had never occurred to her before, but now she wondered if the thing she found most compelling about Aunt Pringle had anything to do with her nephew's reluctance to be in their aunt's presence? But that might mean…Esmie thought hard. It made sense, though. She made up her mind to keep a keener eye on Pippin and Pringle whenever they interacted. And speaking of which, just where had those boys run off to? Esmeralda rose and headed in the direction of the hay barn. "Look!" Teriadoc shrieked, tugging on Pearl's sleeve and pointing. The lasses all twisted around, then laughed hysterically. Petunia was a new mama, her clutch of eggs recently hatched, and now she proudly marched her flock down the path leading to the pond, each one following obediently in line behind the other. The smallest one, which Pippin had named 'Quackers', rushed along a few feet behind the others, flapping his wings and making tiny quacking sounds as he struggled to keep up. The parade of wee fowls had caught the attention of the other partygoers and they were chuckling and nudging each other. But it wasn't the ducklings that caused their mirth. Aunt Pringle was trotting along behind them shaking her finger and reproaching them in her high-pitched voice. "It seems Auntie is upset with Petunia and her little family," Pimpernel mused. Pearl looked at her sister with a raised brow. "Did I just hear Auntie call them tittle-tattles?" Pimpernel nodded, placing a hand over her mouth to stifle her laughter. "Oh mercy, gossiping ducks." Pearl shot to her feet in alarm. "But she's not slowing down, Nell. I think she's going to fall in the water!" Pearl darted after the odd procession, arriving just ahead of Great Aunties Garnet and Opal. Pimpernel joined them, the youngsters on her heels. Auntie Pringle slid down the bank after the ducklings, which were already making their escape across the water. Petunia's indignant quacks filled the air. Pringle plopped into the pond causing a giant splash that soaked the bystanders and tossed pondweed in every direction. "Yuck!" Pervinca shuddered in disgust, picking the dripping weeds from her long hair. They could hear Eglantine's shout of alarm in the distance as Pearl bent to help pull the elderly hobbitess from the cool pond waters, and ease her gently onto the grass. Peels of merry laughter tumbled from Aunt Pringle's lips. Meanwhile, more of the gathering had heard the commotion and come to see what had happened. The elderly hobbit's laughter was infectious and it wasn't long before many of the onlookers joined in. "Nell, go fetch some towels please!" Eglantine was placing her shawl around Pringle's shoulders. "Tina, you mustn't fuss now! I am quite all right and the day is warm," Aunt Pringle protested. "You'll catch your death, dear. We need to get you dried off right away." Eglantine ignored her protests and continued fussing over her. Pringle rolled her eyes skyward, obviously disgusted. "My death? Dearest Tina, it's surely hot enough to roast a goose out here today! You really must stop exaggerating." "And you're not exactly a spring chicken anymore, Auntie," Eglantine reminded her as she tucked the shawl firmly around her aunt's shoulders. "Whew! That was close," Pippin snickered as they fell inside the door of the hay barn. Merry climbed up the mound of scratchy straw piled in the corner and perched at the very top. He picked up a piece to chew on. "Pip," he began thoughtfully, "What if Auntie Pringle really does hear voices and see the future? Have you ever considered the possibility that she really isn't as silly as some folks think?" Pippin sighed, a long drawn out sound of resignation as he joined his cousin and slid down deep into the sweet smelling straw, retrieving a stalk for himself. He chewed on it for a while, staring up at the ceiling while considering Merry's question. "Do you want to know why I think she's just daft and not some kind of a seer?" Merry shrugged. "A long time ago when I was just a wee lad-" Pippin began. "How long are you talking about, Pip? I mean, you're still just a wee lad-" Merry collapsed in a fit of giggles and Pippin shoved him, causing him to slide to the bottom of the hay pile. Still laughing, he scrambled back up. His young cousin frowned down his nose at him looking so grim that it caused Merry to laugh all the harder. "Are you ready to be serious?" "I don't know. Are you?" Pippin snorted. "Fine. I'm not going to tell you then." He crossed his arms and leaned back. "Suit yourself." Merry silently counted off the seconds he expected it to take for Pippin to insist on telling his story. He had almost reached ten when his little cousin piped up. "All right, if you must know…" Merry grinned. "As I said, a long time ago-" "How old were you Pip? And where was I at the time?" "What? Why does that matter?" "I want to know, that's all." Pippin grunted in disgust. "I was about seven or eight I think. Anyway…" "Where was I at the time? I don't recall this story." "Well, it's no wonder you don't remember when you won't even let me tell it," Pippin grumbled. "Anyway, you were at home I suppose, and-" "Are you absolutely certain that's where I was? I mean, without a doubt…?" "Merry! Stop your jesting, will you please? I'm trying to be serious." "You? You don't have a serious bone in your little body." "I'm leaving!" Pippin exploded, and started to slide off the hay mound. Merry snatched him back by the collar, chuckling. "I'm sorry Pip. Go ahead and tell me why you don't think Auntie Pringle is genuinely sensitive." "Hmph, are you quite certain you want to hear?" At Merry's nod Pippin settled back into his perch again. He remained quiet for several long moments and Merry was about to poke him when Pippin began to speak at last. "Did you ever hear the story about her falling out of the tree when she was trying to put a baby bird back into its nest?" "Of course, everyone knows that story." Esmeralda slipped into the barn through the crack of the half open door. It seemed quiet enough. Perhaps the boys hadn't come this way after all? She paused, listening, and was turning to go look elsewhere when she heard her nephew's voice pipe up. Pippin sounded more solemn than usual and Esmeralda froze, straining her ears to catch every word. "Did you know she fell