Written for the 2010 Remix Challenge. Based on the story, Tulip's Egg, by Pearl Took, which can be found at: . ?sid=5782&cid=25009 Beta: Dreamflower Author's Notes: In my corner of the Shire Pippin is equivalent to a six year old boy in most of my Tulip tales. This is a silly story, but I hope you enjoy i "A Bird in the Hand" You may not know me but I am a fixture around Farmer Paladin's barnyard. If it weren't for me there would be no order amongst the chicks, hens, cows and other assorted creatures I am forced to share my space with. My name is Pansy and I am Missus Eglantine's most favourite goose. Of course, the other occupants of the farm have a difficult time accepting that I am in charge; I am the one who keeps the chickens and roosters in line and chases the goats from the vegetable garden. I've been known to chase a saucy lass or lad and I will nip a toe or finger when I think it's called for. I even keep one naughty hobbit lad out of trouble by getting after his tail whenever he gets too close to things he has no business getting into. I once bit him on his bum when he got too close, and since then he has learned to respect me a little better. It was inevitable actually. After all, I am the ruler of the farmyard and I am proud of what I do. That time when Pippin lost track of his knitted piglet I led him to her. Tulip was visiting the hen house and had crawled beneath the biggest hen that lives there. Fat chance he would have found her without my help no matter how much she called to him! But did he thank me? No. As a matter of fact, the very next time he saw me he was aiming that catapult of his at my tail feathers. But I got back at him, I did! He didn't care for being trapped inside the outhouse the other evening. And the shriek of surprise he gave when he saw my eye spying on him through the knothole. . .mercy! Of course, it was after dark but I can't say I'm regretful that my big shiny eye got such a start from the lad. Good thing he was in the privy at the time! I really should try that trick again. It was quite amusing when he tried to avoid me as I chased him back to the farmhouse, honking and scolding, my feathers flying and Pippin's breeches falling down about his knees! Now, Tulip scolded me soundly for that one, but even she couldn't help chuckling at the prank herself. Not that she'd ever admit that to her lad. After all, she'd had a fine view of the event from the windowsill where he'd left her. But I don't think she's ever totally forgiven me for running off with Missus Eglantine's knitting needles that time, and getting young Pip in trouble. I reminded her that at least the Missus got them back, and a new pair to boot because Mister Paladin took her into the village to shop that very afternoon. For that matter, Pippin owes me a thank you as well, because while the Took's were shopping in Whitwell his da bought him cream buns! Imagine, getting rewarded with cream buns after filching his mother's knitting needles to make a blanket for his cat. I'd fancy a cream bun myself, come to think of it. I didn't get one, you know, not a bite. But Tulip did, and she's now fatter than ever, though I shan't tell her so because she is one ornery piglet whenever anyone suggests she could stand to shed a few pounds. Oh, my! I remember the time young Sancho Proudfoot called her fat. I heard all about it when Pippin came into the barn trying to soothe poor Tulip's feelings. That piglet certainly can get her snout out of joint, and quite easily, I might add. But I never liked that Sancho lad very well so I can easily sympathize with Tulip. Sancho called me a crazy goose once and pitched a stone at me, so I sneaked up on him later and bit him on his bum just like I do to all those folks who don't mind me. And, I might add it was a rather substantial bum, at that. Hmph! Talk about needing to drop a wee bit of weight! I confess I am digressing from my tale so I shall pick up where I left off. This is the story about how an abandoned chicken's egg helped make fast friends out of Tulip and me, and created an uneasy truce between Pippin and myself. It was Tulip that found the egg outside the henhouse, you see, but she needed her lad's help to move it. She and Pippin hatched a plan - you will be pardoning my pun no doubt. Sometimes I get carried away with my own wit, but I come by it honestly after spending so much time listening to Mister Paladin. Anyway Tulip wanted to keep the egg and brood a chick. Well, I probably don't have to tell you that a hobbit lad and a knitted piglet know next to nothing about tending an egg. Certainly, the lad feeds and cares for the chickens and collects the eggs, but I know for a fact he's never sat a nest. Or Tulip either, for that matter. You'll understand why I'm taking a moment out from the telling of my tale to chuckle at the very thought! Ah yes, where was I? Oh. Well, the piglet thought she'd take the egg and sit on it herself, and my word! Pippin agreed, even though he knows it takes twenty-one days to hatch a chick. And I should know because I am an authority on the matter, after all. Now, a goose egg on the other hand -yes, yes I realise I am getting a bit away from my story again, but listen for this is important. A goose such as myself is capable of sitting a nest for the thirty days it takes and I have little chance to take any time away when I am so preoccupied, let me tell you. And that's why I was knitting a blanket for my nest with the Missus's knitting needles. What else does a lass have to do with her long day when she's brooding, I want to know? Can't go calling on your neighbors, can you now? Can't rely on the old gander to give you a break either, eh? Lads! You'd think you were asking for their last grub or worm, instead of just a wee breather from the doldrums of sitting all day on scratchy straw. It's stiff and dreadfully coarse, and sometimes I get a rash in the most unpleasant of places. . .ahem! Well, you don't need to know about that. Where was I? Oh. Yes. So, I took up knitting. I'd heard Pippin saying he enjoyed it so when the opportunity presented itself I gave it a go myself. 'Twasn't easy, either, sneaking away with those knitting needles and as it was, Tulip saw me but all she did was wink. I'm guessing it was her plan to teach her lad a lesson about paying attention to the items he filches from his mum. That ill-behaved pair even managed to get the say so from Mister Paladin and Missus Eglantine to go ahead and hatch the egg and they immediately set about fashioning a nest for it. I'm really not very surprised. The lad is indulged in his every whim, which is why he is so impossible at times. Certainly, he does have an endearing smile and a charming twinkle in his eye, but rest assured, he is really quite a terror of a hobbit lad. It's a good thing I'm here to keep him from getting too big for his breeches. But he's going to be very let down when that egg fails to produce a chicken. Oh! Yes, the story. Thank you for reminding me. Well, here is how it happened. . . *** I knew that high in the rafters of the barn the miracle of birth was taking place at this very moment and I began to wax nostalgic. I couldn't help myself; I am a very sentimental goose, though no one seems to appreciate that about me. The pair of owls I share the barn with are good friends of mine and I am pleased to hear the gentle crackling of shells as the newborn chicks emerge. The sudden shout followed by laughter drew me out of my musings with a start. I had a good view of just who had interrupted my thoughts of my soon to arrive children. I honked to show them my irritation with their commotion. I thought it quite rude to disturb a mother-in-waiting upon her clutch of eggs, and I let them know of my displeasure in no uncertain terms. Farmhands! I settle back into my nest after they are suitably chastised and allow my thoughts to drift into comfortable nothingness. A nap sounded most inviting. . . *** Merry was nearly bowled over by the whirlwind that was his young cousin. Pippin had just come tearing out of the barn, a huge grin on his face. "Merry, you're here at last! Come with me!" Pippin grabbed Merry's hand and tugged him along, all the while carrying on a breathless prattle. Merry caught something about Pansy the goose and Tulip, and a little about a tale of haunted eggs, or was it hunted eggs? "Pippin," Merry tried to halt the youngster and disentangle himself from Pippin's grip. The ten-year-old stopped, but still he bounced up and down on his toes, the picture of impatience. "Hurry!" "Why, Pip? What's wrong?" "I want you to see what Tulip is doing!" Merry rolled his eyes. The ever-present knitted piglet his cousin was so attached to. Of course. He should have noticed right away that the toy was not in its usual spot on Pippin's shoulder. "Come on, Merry!" Pippin yanked on his cousin's arm and Merry gave in, allowing himself to be dragged along. A moment later it was all he could do to keep from bursting out with laughter. The serious look on Pippin's face told Merry this was a monumental event in Pippin's estimation, and he wouldn't hurt his little cousin's feelings for anything. Instead, Merry chewed on the inside of his cheek to stifle the laughter that still threatened. Pippin pointed at his knitted friend with pride. The piglet was ensconced upon a nest of straw in the corner of an empty stall. Merry took a step forward and heard an angry squawk. He turned to eye Pansy, his aunt's big goose. Pansy was sitting a nest of her own in the opposite corner of the barn, her nest partially hidden beneath his uncle's worktable. Pansy squawked again and flapped her wings. A few feathers floated into the air and drifted towards them. Always wary of the temperamental goose, Merry took a step backwards, pulling Pippin with him. "Pip, I don't think it's wise to be playing so close to Pansy, especially when she's on a nest." Pippin pulled away and placed his hand on his hips, frowning up at Merry. "I am not playing!" He glanced at the goose. "And Pansy has been behaving herself lately, so as long as I don't disturb her, she's fine. What's important is that Tulip is going to be a mother!" Pippin grinned at the thought and this time Merry did not stifle his laughter. "A mother? How can a knitted toy become a mother?" "Tulip is a real piglet, but she only talks to me," Pippin sniffed with indignation. He considered. "And sometimes she talks to