"Charmed" He pulled the frayed scarf tightly against his neck snuggling his face into its soft warmth. The evening air was cool, frosty almost. The scent of 'breakfast' filled the air and he sniffed appreciatively, very near to opening his eyes. But he resisted. Not quite ready, he preferred to linger in a half dream state where the world was safe and predictable. He thought about home and what they would be doing right now. Preparing for the night, tending to the needs of the little ones, banking the hearth down low and laying out the items needed for supper. A mist clouded his eyes forcing him to blink, tugging him insistently from his safe haven against his will. He sighed inwardly and gave in at last. Sitting up he ran a hand through his tangled curls then stole a glance around the campsite. His eyes lit on his kinsman. Frodo looked up then, as if sensing his cousin's scrutiny and smiled casually. Pippin allowed himself a wide grin, bravely pushing against the grey shadows his slumber had summoned and his mind still clung to. He turned his attention fully towards another night's activity. The weather had indeed changed, and in a big way, just as they had been certain it would. The weary travellers huddled inside yet another overhanging of rocks jutting from a small cavern in the side of the mountain. Outside their crowded rest area the wind howled and the rain hammered the ground in great sheeting waves. Merry surveyed their surroundings ruefully. He couldn't help grinning slightly when Pippin jumped, startled by the sudden clap of thunder that followed yet another bolt of glimmering lightning. Pippin had never been particularly fond of thunderstorms. He chuckled good-naturedly at his cousin's smile and shrugged one shoulder before leaning over to warm his hands by the small fire they were gratefully afforded today. His companions shifted around him somewhat restlessly. Their body heat combined with the dampness of their clothing filled the air with an uncomfortable humidity. The mutterings of the dwarf interrupted his thoughts. Apparently Gimli found several things about the accommodations not to his liking and the hobbit suppressed a giggle. At last the company settled in for a much-needed respite from the foul day. There was little conversation at first; it seemed they were all lost each in their own world of thought. A meagre meal simmered on the little fire. There would be no opportunity for hunting this day and they would make do with what they had. Sam poked at the flames with a long stick while Frodo watched in silent rumination. The solemn mood of the grey day seemed to affect them all. A grunt drew their attention to the far corner of their little alcove where Gimli was doing his best to remove his heaviest outer layers of clothing that were soaking wet. Several others were likewise occupied. Boromir laid his cape aside and settled in between the two youngest. Pippin immediately favoured him with a grin that the big man returned in kind. "Blasted soggy weather. I'm wet, clean through to my skin," Gimli muttered. "As are we all, Master Dwarf," Aragorn soothed. "Indeed, we are extremely fortunate that Legolas's keen eyes spied this hidden alcove else we'd still be outside in the rain." "Aye. Thank ye laddie. 'Tis not that I'm without gratitude, 'tis only that dwarves very much dislike being caught out in the cold rain!" Pippin's ear perked up at the declaration. "And why is that? "Tis only water after all." Gimli frowned. "Aye, young one, 'tis only water indeed. And with it comes damp clothing and mud running over the path and a great thunderstorm to light up the sky!" Pippin's mouth twitched into a grin. "Yes, so?" The dwarf sighed. "Never mind." Gandalf chuckled at them as he removed his pipe from his belongings. As if he were inspired by the wizard's actions Gimli did the same. "Well, I for one would be delighted to hear a story or two in order to pass the time." Pippin looked around the half-circle hopefully. Boromir laughed and slung an arm about the youngster's shoulders giving him a quick hug. "This one can never get enough stories!" Pippin nodded eagerly. "And why not? We must do something to take our minds from this dreary weather." "Indeed, an entertaining tale along with Sam's wonderful dinner is just what we need to lift our spirits." The big man laughed again and settled back to get comfortable. "Come now, who amongst our number will amuse us with a tale?" "I'm not certain but I do know that when we get home I shall have enough new stories to fill my own book!" "Are you going to write a book, Pippin?" Frodo smiled at him obviously enjoying his enthusiasm. "Why yes, I believe I shall!" Pippin grinned wickedly at Merry. "And the first tale I'll include will be the story of Merry and Fatty Bolger!" Merry groaned and Pippin sat back folding his arms with a satisfied chuckle. "Not the fly story Pip!" "Oh, he must include that one. Of course!" Boromir laughed aloud and turned towards Pippin. "And do not forget the one about the birds and the bees." "Oh, but my very favourite thus far was the soothsaying kitty of Gondor. And I shall make that the first one in my book." As they debated the tale of the day Pippin leaned over and patted his scarf. It lay drying on the stones just beside the fire. He picked it up and shook it out, then returned it to the makeshift hearth. Merry's thoughts were drawn towards the item as his cousin handled it and he remembered the times that simple item of clothing had played a part in so many different ways in the lad's life. It had even been responsible once for saving Pippin from harm after a daring stunt had gone wrong. A little smile played about his lips. "I believe I have just the tale for this occasion." Merry plucked up the scarf. Turning it over in his hands he let his mind wander back to the more carefree days they'd left behind. Pippin raised an eyebrow. "My scarf? Merry, what sort of boring story is that, I wonder? Why, I can think of any number of more interesting stories to tell. And to hear." "Now, we must hear about your scarf Pip," Boromir chuckled. "If your cousin believes it a tale worth telling then it must be so." "Very well," Pippin snorted and sat back resting against the Gondorian. "Go ahead and regale us with the story of my scarf." He glanced about the circle. "I do hope Merry doesn't put you all to sleep." Merry laughed softly. "Ah, how quickly my cousin forgets that this very small article of clothing has been with him for many years and if it could talk…" "Pippin would most certainly find himself in a dilemma," Frodo finished for him with an amused chuckle. Boromir nodded at the item in Merry's hands. "Where did you get it Pippin?" Pippin touched it lightly before replying. "My Auntie Esme made it for me when I was very small. I was staying at the Hall because my sisters all had the spotted fever and my parents didn't want me to get sick too. It's always been my favourite scarf since then." He patted it again looking puzzled. "I'm not certain just why. I…feel safe, somehow. Secure when I'm wearing it." He laughed self-consciously. "Isn't that odd?" Gandalf listened and said nothing but Merry noticed a twinkling in the wizard's eye and wondered. "Yes, well I think perhaps a story or two would be an excellent way to take our minds off this dreadfully gloomy weather, at least for the time being. Do continue please Meriadoc." The wizard settled back with his pipe and regarded the hobbit with the same sparkling eyes. Merry smiled broadly. "I recall the time Pippin is referring to. He was fortunate to have been visiting Brandy Hall at the time my cousins were all taken ill. If he'd been at home in Whitwell there would have been no question he would have caught the fever also." He glanced around the circle of faces. "And since Pip was a very tiny lad when he was born my aunt and uncle were always very careful to keep him away from illness whenever it was within their power." "Ah, so you were a bit small for your age, hmm?" "He still is," Merry said, earning himself a frown from his young cousin. "I thought this tale was about my scarf and not my size?" "Yes, well. To move along then…" "Aye, please do," Pippin huffed in mock annoyance. "My mother was trying to amuse him, keep him from worrying about his sisters. So she taught him how to knit." "Merry! Couldn't you have left that part out?" "What? There's nothing wrong with a lad know how to knit." Merry winked at the others. "Actually, he got quite good at it." Merry leaned forward and patted the scarf that was lying by the fire once again. "So Mum made this for him not only to keep him warm, but also to give him a pattern to knit one himself." Frodo entered the conversation. "Pippin became quite the little artist at creating new and colourful patterns and he has produced many items since then. He even won a prize at the village fair for one of his scarves the next summer." Pippin flushed at his companions' gazes of wonder at this revelation. He coughed, slightly embarrassed. "I was, uh…working on a blanket before we left the Shire." Gandalf chuckled merrily. "Why there's nothing to feel self-conscious about, my lad. It is a marvellous skill to possess." "Aye, there are some lasses who never learn to do it well. Why, my sister Daisy never could knit a thing without dropping stitches the whole time. I remember she'd have to take anything she was working on apart more times than I could count! Used to make her so upset, it did-" Sam interrupted himself when he noted Pippin's increasingly red face. "Umm, that's not to say that only lasses can be expected to know how to do proper knitting." His own round face coloured a bit at the thought he might have offended the young gentlehobbit. Merry cleared his throat as a pretence while he tried not to laugh. "Well, needless to say that Pippin does have very clever hands and now that we've established that I will continue the story." His eyes took on a faraway gleam as he settled back. "Pip was ten years old, which in your years," He glanced at Boromir, "would mean he was…let me see…" "Around the age of six in man years," Frodo supplied. "Yes," Merry nodded. "It was spring and Pippin had been staying with us for several weeks and was due to return home soon when word came that his sisters had fallen ill. The spotted fever is very contagious you see," he explained looking about the circle, "and it went from one lass to the other starting with Pimpernel, I recall." "Mum and Da had it when they were young so they didn't get sick," Pippin added. "My mother knitted frequently. She said it relaxed her. And with Pip around she needed all the relaxation she could get." "Well, that's not very nice to say." "But so true. Anyhow, one day the little rascal was getting so restless that Mum sat him down and put a set of knitting needles in his hand and told him he needed to learn how to slow down. So…" "Here young hobbit, sit down please and I'll show you how to begin." Esmeralda patted the seat next to hers. Pippin reluctantly did as he was told but continued to shift restlessly about. His aunt placed a skein of wool yarn