" May it be a Light to You in Dark Places…" Eowyn entered the cavernous common room of the king's quarters and paused, a little smile playing about her lips. In the far corner near the huge Yule tree the new Steward of Gondor stood quietly, hands clasped behind his back, his presence almost undetectable due to his stillness. His gaze was fixed upon the gleaming star perched upon the very top bough, his demeanor more that of a small boy enthralled by the sight before him, rather than the grown man he was in actuality. Yet there was an air of profound sadness clinging to him in spite of his childlike fascination with the decorations. Eowyn felt her heart twist painfully as she watched her beloved, her own grief still too near. This was their first Yuletide celebration together, and the first since the tragedies of the Great War. They had all suffered losses of such magnitude that the wounds carved from the fabric of their very souls would never entirely heal. Nay, the scarring would be visible until their own passing some day provided them with release. However, her betrothed was a strong man, stronger than he himself even realized, and Eowyn was certain he would prevail. She would accept no less from him. She would engulf him in the arms of her love, stand at his side in times of strife as well as happiness, help him to heal from the terrible loss of his adored older brother and his hateful father. And she would lean upon him in the times of her own need, draw upon his new found strength and take it into her very being, use it to sustain herself when the terrible memories sought her out in the dark of night. Together they had already survived. And they would learn to laugh again. And to give thanks for all of the coming Yuletides they would share with those who were dear to them now, and those yet to be born. She allowed herself to linger at the doorway enjoying the scene, and found her own eyes drawn to the silvery star the former Ringbearer had fashioned, his humble contribution to the celebration. Her thoughts traveled unbidden to a time when she was small and similarly overcome with grief, to the time of her first Yule in her uncle's home, and the first since the passing of her parents. What a difficult and yet joyful time that had been and how like this one in many ways. It was a time of getting to know newfound family and friends, to mourn one's loss, to seek happiness and love. She had stood just as she was now, across the large room gaping in wonder at the towering Yule tree as the servants stood on a ladder stringing garlands of flowers round the green branches. The scent of evergreen lingered in the air as fresh and delicate as the new fallen snow she spied outside the window. Her uncle was nearby, speaking quietly with her older cousin, her brother watching them, obviously anxious to join in the conversation but not quite sure of his place. Her long blonde hair was swept back with a green satin ribbon and she remembered how she had played the ends of her hair through her fingers as she watched. Eowyn felt she could reach out and touch that young girl so clear was her vision, and she felt another painful turn of her heart. Her reminiscing was interrupted by a feather light touch on her arm and she startled slightly and found herself looking up into the gentle eyes of the wizard. Gandalf smiled and Eowyn lowered her gaze shyly, a bit embarrassed to be caught in her reverie of the past. "Tis quite alright my dear, to indulge one's self in pleasant memories. And to anticipate creating new ones." "Yes," she answered softly. Faramir looked up at the sound of their voices, surprised to find he was no longer alone. He moved toward them as they entered the great room and extended his hands to Eowyn. "My lady," he whispered as he clasped her pale hands and then tilted his head in acknowledgment of the wizard. "I can see you have all done a fine job in decorating the tree. And Frodo has created a true work of art for the top! He always was an artistic lad," Gandalf chuckled. "Yes, everyone had a hand in the effort. Merry and Pippin in particular seemed to take quite a bit of joy in their participation. And Pippin insisted Aragorn hold him up so he might have the honor of placing the star on top." Faramir shook his head and a little smile appeared on his face with the memory of the lad perched upon Aragorn's shoulders, reaching high above his head to position the star. "The hobbits never fail to bring a bit of merriment to anything they do. I shall miss them dearly when they leave Gondor after Yuletide." He glanced back at the great tree and the smile grew sad. "I shall miss them all." Eowyn squeezed his hands, gently drawing his attention back to her. Faramir smiled and brushed a lock of her golden tresses from her brow. She returned his smile. Sensing her melancholy the young steward's eyes held a question. Eowyn sighed lightly. "I was recalling a memory of a past Yule celebration, that is all." "I was actually doing the same." Faramir glanced back at the great tree. "The star atop this evergreen is much like the one that adorned our Yule tree many years ago when I was a small child. Boromir made it for our mother. It has remained in my heart all these many years since and not a Yuletide passes that I don't recall standing like this, admiring it high upon the treetop." He chuckled softly and blushed. "I must admit I was quite taken aback there for a moment when I first laid eyes upon Frodo's creation. It is remarkably similar." "I confess to being a bit reminiscent myself," Eowyn said softly. "This grand tree is very like the one we had upon my first Yule celebration in my uncle's house." Her eyes wandered over the green branches for a moment before she continued. "I thought I had never seen such a beautiful thing ever before in my life." "I should like to hear that tale sometime!" Gandalf draped an arm around each of their shoulders and embraced them. "Perhaps following the evening meal? When we all meet by the fire to pass the time before retiring for the night. 'Twould be a fine time to recall some of the good times we have all had during Yuletides past!" "Aye, Mithrandir. That is an excellent idea. I am certain we can--" Faramir was interrupted by a loud squeal before the room was set upon by the sudden appearance of the youngest hobbits. Pippin slid from the grand staircase railing landing with a thud and tripped over his own feet as he stumbled ungracefully into the room. Merry was hot on his tail, careening in a moment later and reeling about the room in pursuit of his cousin. "Give it to me Pip! I vow I'm going to hang you out by your ears to dry if you don't stop--" Pippin laughed and continued to hop about the room, always just a hairsbreadth out of Merry's reach. "Come and get it then! What's the matter Mer? Why, you're as slow as molasses in Afteryule! I do believe you're becoming quite feeble in yer old age." Merry growled and renewed his efforts, launching himself into the air and barely missing his cousin's shirttail as he reached for him. Pippin outdid himself dodging this way and that, determined he would not be caught. Something bright sparkled in his hands and he popped the small object inside his shirt as he picked up his pace, doubling back the way he had come and darting smoothly in between the startled onlookers and back around the room a second time. Merry whirled and retraced his steps but miscalculated and went in the wrong direction as Pippin feinted a right turn and then ran left, exiting the room in a blur of hairy feet and flying curls. "Peregrin Took!" Merry's face was bright red as he spun around and a moment later was right behind him. "You wait til I catch you lad! You're gonna be sorry you ever took my…" His voice faded into the distance with the sound of their pounding feet. Eowyn pressed a hand to her mouth and gasped when they heard another squeal and a loud crash further down the great hall. Faramir winced. "I do hope that wasn't anything too awfully valuable dear boy," the wizard grimaced. "Um, no! No, of course not. The items in this particular hallway are only a mere few centuries old. Nothing to be overly concerned with." Faramir stifled a groan. "Hmph! We'd best go see they haven't injured their fool selves," Gandalf huffed and stalked away. The evening meal was finished and the fireplace glowed brightly with the warmth of a summer's day. The scent of the crackling cherry logs mixed with evergreen and Eowyn's nose twitched appreciatively. Another warm memory filled her mind and she became lost in her thoughts once more as she snuggled into the crook of her beloved's arm. Her reverie was interrupted by the sound of others entering the room. The king seated himself across from them after first offering a seat to Lady Arwen. They were soon followed by all four hobbits who plunked down next to the fireplace while the dwarf took a seat by his newfound dearest friend and comrade. Legolas favored Gimli with a grin and nodded discreetly at the cuddling steward and his lady. "Ah, the end of a lovely day, wouldn't you agree, Lady Eowyn?" "Why, yes indeed Gimli. 'Twas a beautiful day." "Where is Gandalf?" Aragorn glanced around the room. "I believe he is tending to his wound at the moment. I saw him headed for the bathing chambers a short while ago," Frodo said. Aragorn arched his brow. "I did not think it was a serious cut?" "Nay, it was not but apparently it bled through the bandage I applied earlier," Arwen reassured him. "Ah." Aragorn turned a stern eye on the two youngest hobbits. Merry and Pippin had the decency to look ashamed. "Perhaps he should have bid the culprits responsible for the mess clean up the broken glass, hmm?" "Umm, he didn't want us to get cut he said, so we should allow him to do it," Merry told him. "Aye! We tried to help, Aragorn! Truly!" Pippin's head bobbed up and down. Frodo and Sam hid their grins. "I believe you two have done enough 'helping' for one day!" The disgruntled wizard appeared in the doorway. "Come Gandalf, and be comfortable. We were thinking earlier of sharing some Yuletide memories. Perhaps that would help lighten your mood." Faramir beckoned at a chair. "Hmph." The wizard took the proffered seat and waited expectantly. "Well, I think it would be wonderful if my dear lady would relate the tale she alluded to this afternoon. Eowyn? Would you mind?" Eowyn smiled gently at her betrothed and nodded. "Certainly, if others would care to hear it." A round of agreement echoed from them all. Eowyn took a deep breath and paused to collect her thoughts for a moment before beginning. Her gaze became transfixed upon the crackling flames in the fireplace as her mind focused on that long ago time. "It was the first Yule following the death of my parents, and my brother and I were feeling quite lost amidst the preparations. I was but eight years of age, however I was certain I was already quite grown up. Eomer was twelve and I looked up to him as my protector