Wh en the Fit Takes Them" Evening in Buckland Merry bent low and crawled through the opening in the hedge first. "I was hoping for a full moon tonight!" "The moon is full." His cousin Merimas was right behind him. "But who can tell with all these clouds?" "Ow!" "Oh, look out for those bramble bushes. The thorns are very sharp." Merry did not slow his pace as he tossed the warning over his shoulder. "You might have said something sooner." Merimas rubbed his ear where the brambles had caught him. He pulled them aside carefully, making his way after his cousin. Merry was already trotting on ahead, seemingly oblivious to anything but leading the way up the path and into the forbidden woodland. "We should have stopped them, you know." "We didn't exactly have much warning they were actually going to do it, did we?" Merimas sounded cross as he scrambled to catch up. "I didn't realise they were both that foolish." Merry turned, raising an eyebrow. "This is Pippin and Sancho we're talking about. What did you think? Neither of them likes to turn down a dare." "Yes, but who would've thought they'd take the lads up on it?" He shivered as he glanced about. "This place is so creepy. No wonder no one likes to come here." "Pippin and Sancho don't care to look frightened of anything in front of one another. If they were challenged individually neither one would probably have accepted it." Merry grunted in disgust. "And I'm certain that's why they did it like that. Berilac knew they wouldn't say no in front of one another. Wait until I see him again," Merry grumbled. "I've got a piece of my mind to share with our cousin." Earlier that Evening "Watch out!" A cross voice sputtered from the other side of the thick hedge as Pippin plowed through, allowing the branches to snap back. "What?" Pippin squatted and peered through the bushes. "You let the branch swing back and it nearly hit me in the face! And you almost stepped on my foot. Easy, will you? At least let me get through here in one piece." "Quit your fussing." Pippin covered up his fear with a cross tone as he got to his feet. "Hurry up!" "Just be more careful, will you?" Sancho finished easing his way through the opening and stood, then eyed Pippin with a smirk. "Scared, are you?" Sancho sniggered at Pippin's obvious disquiet. "Not me," Pippin sniffed. "I'll wager you are, though." "No I'm not." Sancho puffed out his chest and tried to look indifferent. "Let's get a move on, shall we? Time's wasting." "My feelings exactly," Pippin nodded. "Let's go." The smaller hobbit started to march determinedly ahead, and then paused when he realised he was alone. Whirling, he scowled at his cousin and gestured impatiently. "I thought you were in a hurry?" Sancho chuckled and muttered something about gullible hobbits before following. "What's that? I can't hear you." Pippin squinted into the dimness. "Never mind." The pair continued walking together in silence. Finally Sancho shouted, "Look!" he motioned at the path ahead, wearing a grin of excitement. "Where?" Pippin spun, trying to look in all directions at once. "Up ahead of us, just behind that tree. That must be the place they were talking about. We're almost there." Sancho started eagerly up the trail again with Pippin on his heels. A moment later he snorted in disgust. "That isn't a house, just an old rotted out tree." Pippin said, disappointment in his tone. "It probably got struck by lightning; that's why it's all misshapen. I don't know how you could have mistaken it for a house." "Look at it, Pip. It's all squat and sort of round. In the dark it might easily be mistaken for a hole." Sancho stuck his head into the hollowed out wound and cried, "Hullo, anybody home?" He withdrew his head and laughed, pleased with his own jest. "No one here, Pip." "Don't you know anything? Big Folk don't build houses that look like holes! They make them tall, like they are, and square. And they have steps sometimes," Pippin told him with an air of importance. "They're not at all like our hobbit holes." "How do you know?" Sancho tilted his head, inspecting the oddly shaped tree more closely, reluctant to give in. "Perhaps those Men wanted to improve their living conditions? Or they might have chosen something more appropriate for their surroundings. The house wouldn't stand out then." Pippin stared at his cousin as if he'd grown another head. "What hobbit would build a home in the middle of the Old Forest in the first place? No one would find them because no one would want to come looking for them!" Sancho considered this, and then shrugged. "Right. Nothing interesting here. Let's go that way." He pointed down the path the way they had come. "We just came that way. That path leads out of here." "Oh, right. I guess I got confused." Pippin snorted and didn't bother answering. They continued on their way, reluctantly heading deeper into the woods. As it gradually became darker the pair of youngsters drew closer together without noticing. The hooting of a night owl startled them and they shared a sheepish look. The clouds frequently covered the moon, making it difficult to see. "We should've brought a lantern," muttered Sancho. "Oh well, it's too late now unless perhaps you've a mind to go back and get one." "Not me. What about you?" Pippin shook his head. "No, we don't need one, I suppose. The moon will come out from behind the clouds again. I hope," he mumbled beneath his breath. The reluctant explorers walked for another half hour or so and finally paused again to take in their surroundings. "I still don't see any sign of an old house of any kind, Pip. I think the lads were pulling our leg. I think they just wanted to see if we'd really accept their dare." Pippin sighed. "You're probably right. It's too bad you jumped right in like that and accepted it." "Me?" Sancho turned to stare at him. "I seem to recall it was you who said yes. Or more to the point, you laughed and said something like 'what, us turn down the chance to go exploring? Of course not, why it's a piece of cake, Berilac.' And then you clapped me on the shoulder and told me I was joining you-" "What?" Pippin stopped and placed his hands on his hips. "I think the night air is addling your brain. It was you who said that, and then of course I couldn't disagree or I would've looked like I was afraid-" "Well, you are afraid, you ninnyhammer! You know you are!" "You were the one who bragged that we'd bring back a piece of the ghost's sheet, you twit!" Sancho scowled and puffed himself up. "Who are you calling-" Both boys jumped at the crunch of snapping twigs somewhere in the distance. Neither dared to move. Eyes wide with alarm, Pippin whispered, "Did you hear that?" "Of course I heard it," Sancho hissed through clenched teeth. "Turn around and see what it was, why don't you." "Me? I'm not turning around, you do it," Pippin hissed back. If ever there was one thing Sancho hated it was appearing more frightened than Pippin. "All right." He drew a deep breath and peered over his left shoulder. "Well?" Pippin prompted him, still frozen in place. "What's behind us?" Sancho looked about cautiously. "I don't see anything." "Are you certain?" "Of course I'm not certain! Why don't you turn around and look?" Sancho gave him a less than gentle push. Pippin turned slowly, holding his breath, ready to scramble away at the slightest sign of anything frightening. The woods remained still, except for the rustling of dry leaves in the cool breeze. Gradually he released his breath. "Whew." Pippin darted his eyes about nervously. "Well, what do you want to do? Should we keep going?" "Why is that my decision? It was your idea to come here in the first place!" "Sancho-" Both youngsters froze as the sound of rustling leaves increased. Something was crashing through the foliage, coming their way quickly. A moment later they heard the murmuring of low voices. Trading a look of panic they wasted no more time arguing and tore away in the opposite direction. Reaching the nearest tree, Pippin began to climb. He allowed himself a brief moment of trepidation, remembering the stories about the trees of the Old Forest, but he was much more frightened of the noises behind him. Sancho scrambled after him and Pippin reached a hand down and hauled him up. Just as they settled into the branches and tried to secret themselves behind the few remaining dry leaves, they spotted two figures approaching. "The outlaws," Pippin breathed. "Aye!" The frightened youngsters remained hidden in the tree limbs shaking with fear as the figures approached. Pippin eyed them curiously. Finally he whispered, "They look awfully small for Big Folk." Sancho watched the pair thoughtfully and nodded his agreement. "That they do, Pip. Although, I admit I've never seen any Big Folk. But I wonder. . ." "Shh! They're getting closer!" A moment later the intruders paused nearby, speaking in low voices. Snatches of conversation drifted to Pippin and Sancho's ears. "Foolish little sods! I can think of a great many places I'd rather be than traipsing about the Old Forest at midnight," growled one of them. "Right. Like curling up in front of a warm fire with a good meal, a tankard of ale and-" There was an audible snort. "You aren't even old enough to drink without your parents' permission!" "Well, I could have some ale easy enough," sniffed the other one. "That is, if I wanted to." "Uh huh. What are you going to do? Go up to your father and just say 'Da, I'd like a nice, stiff ale tonight. Would you care to join me?" "Very funny. Let's find those little twits before they get all of us into real trouble." As the voices moved away Pippin and Sancho stared at each other in surprise. Sancho's eyes narrowed. "Merry and Merimas! Little twits? Why, I'll show them-" Sancho reached down through the dry leaves and shook his fist at their backs, very nearly tumbling out of the tree before Pippin caught him. "How did they know we came here?" Pippin wondered. "Probably Berilac told on us. We've been set up, Pip. They're going to tell on us. That's why they dared us to come here." "Merry wouldn't do that. He's trying to find us before we do get in trouble, that's it! Come on, let's go before we lose sight of them." Pippin was already slithering down the tree trunk. "How can you be so sure?" Sancho hesitated, eyeing the departing hobbits with suspicion. "Come on !" Pippin started to scramble up the path after his cousins. "Before they're out of sight." Sancho lingered for another minute, grumbling to himself about trusting older cousins. He suddenly realised he was alone. "Umm, Pip? Pip! Wait, I'm coming too!" Sancho climbed down, leaped off the lowest branch and ran after him. "Merry!" Merry and Merimas spun around in time to see a small streak in the darkened forest headed their way. "Well, well," Merimas chuckled. "Talk about easy." "Pippin! Just where have you been?" Merry scowled as Pippin ran up to him, breathless from the run. "Where is Sancho?" "What? I thought he was right behind me." Pippin glanced over his shoulder. "Ah, here he comes now," Merimas chuckled as the other youngster bolted towards them. "Get lost, did you lads?" Sancho reached them and leaned over, hands on knees as he panted. "Wouldn't you like to believe that!" "It doesn't matter what I believe. It's what's obvious," Merimas laughed. "You two are in a