" The Road Less Travelled" "I cannot believe the sheer audacity and the risky, foolish behavior you two have displayed this day! Why, it's simply beyond me to comprehend how utterly foolish, how completely unforgivable, why and how you two young rascals manage to keep from getting your fool selves killed--" The dwarf went on and on as he hauled the soggy halflings out of the water by their shirt collars and plunked them on the edge of the riverbank. Dripping wet himself the dwarf was in no mood to listen to any excuses. He pushed them ahead of him, pausing briefly to wring the water from his long, drenched beard. Grumbling fiercely under his breath, Gimli retrieved the wizard's staff and tucked it under his arm. He grabbed each of them by the ear and hurried his reluctant charges on their way. Who'll have the pleasure of clobbering us this time, Pippin wondered glumly wincing as he was pulled along. He offered no protest. No doubt Merry was thinking the same thing. Pippin glanced nervously at him but his cousin was busily inspecting the painful sting on his hand and avoiding all eye contact. He went back to mulling over the possibilities. Pippin's eyes wandered over the thick stubby fingers of the meaty hand digging into his shoulder and rolled his eyes skyward. It might even be Gimli. He shivered. Never having been spanked by the dwarf, it was not something he really wished to experience. But most likely it would be Gandalf, he reassured himself. It was his staff they'd appropriated for their fruit gathering expedition after all. Too bad the apples had been located so close to that big nest of wasps. Not that they'd realized it at first, of course. But it hadn't stopped them. And that was just one of the reasons Gimli was so angry. "He only got stung a few times," he whispered. "You mean a few dozen," Merry muttered. Pippin gulped. "Well, when you put it that way…" Pippin grimaced as the dwarf shook him solidly. "Oww! Gimli, not so hard! Dinna pull my blessed ear clean off now!" Gimli shook him again. "Now you'd both best be silent laddies and listen to what I'm saying, else I'll be saying it a bit louder and lay a heavy hand on yer wee backsides for emphasis!" "What happened?" Gimli pressed them firmly down upon a log before facing Boromir who was returning with an armload of wood. He dropped his burden next to the pyre of stones Sam had assembled and straightened up, brushing the dirt from his hands. He studied the chagrined expressions of the hobbits noting with some amusement that the dwarf was gearing up for another round of scolding. "These young scoundrels thought they'd knock a bunch of apples out of yonder tree--" "With my staff, I see." The wizard had joined them and stood frowning his disapproval at the downtrodden hobbits. He took the staff from Gimli and inspected it carefully. "Aye, you're fortunate they didn't break it!" "Oh, it's not easily broken. That is not my concern." Gandalf watched as Merry and Pippin stared at the ground, in no hurry whatsoever to look at him. "Ahem!" Two reluctant little faces rose to meet his. "What is of concern is the fact that you absconded with my property without my permission." Pippin squinted up at Gandalf. "You mean you would have let us borrow it if we'd asked you?" "Certainly not." "Well, you see then why we couldna ask!" "Oh, that is simply wonderful logic, Peregrin. I would have expected nothing less from you." Pippin pursed his lips and regarded the wizard thoughtfully for a moment wondering if the comment was a sincere appraisal of his reasoning ability, or merely a sarcastic remark. "We're sorry Gandalf." Merry at least sounded contrite. "Aye, we are," Pippin mumbled. Sorry we got caught , he added crossly under his breath. "You both know better. I do accept your apology..." Pippin sensed a great big "but" coming. "However." They sighed simultaneously. "There is a price to be paid for your actions." "Aye! And a payment there'll be if I have anything to say about it!" "What is the matter Gimli?" Aragorn had returned with Legolas and carefully lowered the brace of coneys to the ground. Behind them Frodo and Sam deposited their load of wood in the growing pile as the Ranger walked over to appraise the situation for himself. They watched curiously stealing glances at one another as they quickly summed up the problem. "These wee scamps are the cause of this!" Gimli bared his arms with a flourish revealing the multiple wheals that were now swelling into angry red lumps. He pulled his long hair back to expose the stings on his face and neck. "And exactly how did this occur?" The Ranger looked down sternly at the tops of two curly heads, bowed once more as if in supplication. "Merry, Pippin? Speak up. What did you do?" "Well you see, it's more of a case of what we were trying to do," Pippin began. "We were trying to get some of those lovely big apples out of that tree over there." Merry pointed over his shoulder. Aragorn looked in that direction and then back at them, his eyebrows raised in question. "Yes? And?" "Well, we couldna reach them so we borrowed Gandalf's staff," Pippin continued. "You realize that was not a good idea," Aragorn frowned. "Oh, aye," Pippin agreed readily. "Or, at least we do now." He eyed the wizard cautiously. "Why didn't you just climb the tree?" Frodo asked. The cousins shared a look of guilt. "Umm…well, you see…there's a big wasp's nest in the tree," Merry began. "You mean there WAS a wasp's nest in the tree! NOW there is a wasp's nest on the GROUND! With a good many ANGRY WASPS buzzing around it and THAT'S how I got THESE!" Gimli thrust his arms into the Ranger's face. Aragorn took a careful step backward. Legolas stifled a chuckle under the pretense of a polite cough. "I see." Aragorn studied the repentant youths. "I take it Gimli was attempting to rescue you from harm's way?" Two heads nodded in unison. "Aye, and it's a good thing there was water nearby for me to douse us in, else we might have been stung to death!" "Ah. So that explains why you are all three dripping wet." Boromir also suppressed a chuckle. The dwarf was not calming down. Instead he puffed himself up to his full height and raised his voice. "I fail to find anything amusing about being attacked by a swarm of wicked stinging insects! It's just very fortunate that I don't happen to be allergic to bee stings--" "But Gimli, they were wasps," Pippin reminded him. "WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES THAT MAKE?" All the hobbits cringed at his shouting. "Now Gimli, perhaps you should dry off and I will provide you with some salve for those stings," Aragorn murmured, trying not to smile at the dwarf's discomfiture. "What about you two?" The Ranger's gaze fell upon the disgraced halflings. "Are you injured also?" "Ah, well not much," mumbled Merry. "Gimli shielded us with his body and pushed us into the water. I only got stung once. See?" Merry held up his hand to display a wheal swelling on the back of it. "And I got stung twice. Here," Pippin pointed to his cheek where an angry reddened lump was still increasing in size, "and here," he held up a hairy foot and waved it under Gimli's nose. He drew it back in alarm at the dwarf's low growl. "I see. Well then, I will treat all three of you before we speak any further. Come." Aragorn gestured to them as he headed to his pack for the medication. "I don't like the way he said that Merry," Pippin whispered. "What did he mean 'before we speak any further'"? "Don't be so daft Pip. What do you think he meant?" Merry sounded exasperated as he plodded after the Ranger. "Hmph! The way I see it we don't deserve to get our tails busted for this." He kept his voice low. "I mean, it was just an accident." "I don't think Gimli sees it that way Pip. And he did get hurt trying to help us." "Well, we never actually asked him to help us did we?" "Hush up Pip!" Merry hurried ahead. His cousin's convoluted reasoning was a bit too much for him at the moment. "But it isna fair to get punished for this!" Pippin's protests increased in volume as he was hauled roughly across the waiting knee. The dwarf was having none of it and quickly responded. He yanked down his britches and immediately crashed a solid hand down on the waiting rump. The hobbit let out a satisfying yelp that made Gimli's ears ring and only served to motivate him. He laid swat after heavy swat across what he saw as a very deserving backside. More deserving of this than his cousin even, the dwarf thought grimly as he continued to spank Pippin with a sure hand. Little rascal! He doesn't think he deserves this? I'll show him what he deserves! Gimli enthusiastically meted out a thrashing he knew the halfling wouldn't forget any time soon, easily ignoring the howling and pleading. Gimli was pleased he had been afforded this task. Why, it was one thing to do mischief and quite another to refuse to own up and accept the consequences! Especially when one's behavior resulted in injury both to self and others. The dwarf shook his head in consternation as he continued to apply his heavy hand. A stern verbal punishment accompanied it. Pippin wished he could stuff his fingers into both ears to shut out the dwarf's scolding. But he was too preoccupied with clutching the stocky leg for dear life lest he be dumped on his head as Gimli tipped him forward. A few minutes later Pippin found himself on unsteady feet and watched in sympathy as a grimacing Merry was tossed across Gimli's knee. He turned away sniffling loudly and pulled up his britches while scrubbing at his tears with the sleeve of his shirt. Ah! He had certainly been right and no doubt about it. The dwarf had an incredibly hard hand that he used with alarming effectiveness. He reached back and carefully rubbed at his seat, wincing at the sound of each stinging slap and painful yelp from his cousin. Pippin noted that Merry was not making his usual effort to hold back. His cries were as enthusiastic as Gimli's paddling. After several more excruciating minutes he was also placed back on his feet. Together they limped to a bed of blankets where they were allowed to remain for the rest of the evening. The fire crackled as it was stoked with wood. Two hobbits stared into it glumly as they lay on their bellies listening to bedtime preparations going on around them. Pippin leaned over and whispered in Merry's ear. "I've got an idea in mind for a good story tonight." His cousin looked at him curiously. "I want to hear a tale about a certain dwarf who got his own backside smacked good!" Merry raised his eyebrows. "I mean it Merry! We never hear anything about Gimli getting into trouble. He must have got a licking once in awhile, right? At least from his da, when he was young." Pippin sighed and rolled onto his back. Wincing, he flipped back onto his stomach and his eyes narrowed when he noticed the dwarf smirking at his discomfort. Piping up so the others could hear he grumbled, "Well! How about a nice story then?" Pippin wrinkled his brow as if deep in thought. He brightened suddenly. "I know! Let's have a tale about a dwarfling who found himself in a bit of trouble and wound up getting his wee backside