Hey guys, so this is my first fanfic, well it's the first story I have ever written, like ever. Okay so I made a few tweaks but I hope that you still like it! Beta'd by Fantasy Writer '92 :). My apologies if it sucks, anyway let's get to it and please don't be mean! Xo Hollie. They were making out, again. Jasper and Alice were joined at the hip much more lately now that they started having sex, or should I say lips. Just as I was about to yell at them that I was there someone shouted. "Hey Bella!" Everyone in the hall turned while I smiled. My best friend Edward Cullen was walking towards me looking all kinds of hot, with his tight jeans and tight white T-shirt with a black button down over the top that he had open and rolled up at the elbows and his unruly bronze hair. I had secretly been in love with him since the first grade and of course no one knew this but my best friend Alice. "Edward, there's no need to yell, I'm right here" I said as he gave me his usual greeting of kissing me on the cheek while putting his arm over my shoulders. "Ugh, surprise surprise, they're kissing yet again" he said talking about Alice and Jasper. I lightly slapped him on the stomach for him to behave. "Leave your sister alone, she's in love, it's cute" "Yeah, it's cute seeing my sister making out with my best friend" he said sarcastically. "Come on let's go meet the other horny couple" just as his stomach growled "Oops I kinda skipped breakfast. I overslept, again" We both laughed while walking into the cafeteria. As we walked in Lauren Mallory was walking by and stalked right up to Edward. "Hi Edward" she said in kind of a raspy greeting that I'm sure was meant to be sexy. "Hey Lauren" he said barely acknowledging her while continuing to walk into the cafeteria with his arm still over my shoulders (swoon!) That's what I don't get about Edward, he's one of the hottest guys in school (more like the hottest in my opinion) but he never dated, apart from once in 8th grade when he went out with Jessica Stanley for 2 weeks, he caught her kissing Mike Newton in a supply closet and he never dated again. I sighed while blowing hair out of my face, Edward moved the hair from my face and tucked it behind my ear. "What's up my Bella" That's also something I didn't understand, as of late he had taken to calling me 'my Bella' I knew he didn't mean it in a flirtatious way I mean why would he? I was just plain old Bella, he could have any girl in school, why would he want someone as bland as me who was a jeans and T-shirt kind of girl when we had more than enough girls throwing themselves at him with their short skirts and low cut shirts. "Oh nothing much" I replied, pretending to not be a little bit bothered with Lauren's flirting, "Just really really hungry" "Come on then, let's feed the beast" he laughed I laughed too, yeah I could be a total bitch when I was hungry. We waited in line and got our lunch, Edward carrying both of our trays like he always did for me, such a gentleman. We walked over to where Emmett and Rosalie were sitting. "Hey bitch" Rose greeted me her usual way with a smile, Rosalie Hale was the most beautiful girl at forks high, and I was lucky enough to call her one of my best friends. I smiled back at her. "Hey Slut" knowing it wouldn't offend her. Her smile just grew. "Hey Bella bean, yo Ed man" Emmett greeted us with his booming voice while doing that weird shoulder bump that guys do. "Hey Emmy" I said. Emmett McCarthy was like the big brother I never had and also Rose's long term boyfriend, they had been a couple since 7th grade and are still going strong. We were sitting chatting, eating our lunch just as Alice and Jasper came to sit with us. "Well well well" said Rose, "It's nice of you to grace us with your presence" she said to her brother and his girlfriend. Jasper just ignored her while he started talking to the guys. Alice beamed and said "Hey Ro" "So I was thinking" she said "Uh oh" Rose muttered. "Hey, no uh oh, I was thinking that we should have a sleep over this weekend? You know since I haven't really seen you guys in a while" "Yeah well who's faults that" Rose muttered quietly but loud enough for both me and Alice to hear. Alice frowned looking down at the table guiltily "Hey it's not Alice's fault she's in love" I smiled at Alice sticking up for her while reaching over to give her hand a good squeeze "And besides, I remember a certain couple who were just the same if not worse not too long ago" I said smiling at Rose. She smiled back wide "Yeah that's true, sorry Alice I just miss you" "No big deal" Alice replied "So what do you guys think? Sleepover on Saturday at my house, you guys can come over at around 3, my parents are going to Seattle for the night. I'll supply the food, Bella you bring the movies since you're the moving buff and Rose, you bring your make up and nail polishes so we can do makeovers" she squealed, yes squealed. "Deal" we both agreed just as the bell rang. While me and Edward were walking to Chem he asked me what my plans were for the weekend. I told him about the sleepover thinking he already heard us conversing about it at lunch but he obviously was too busy having a deep conversation with Jasper and Emmett about which Xbox game was the best. "That's cool"he said just as we slipped in the room just as the bell rang. Not only was I lucky enough to have Edward as a best friend but we also had nearly every class together, we took our seats and Mr Banner began talking. Later after class I was walking down the hall to English, one of the only classes I didn't have with Edward, when Mike Newton came up to me, or Mike the creep as I liked to call him, he was forks biggest man whore and we didn't like each other one bit, he was always trying to bully and belittle me in some way. "Well hello there Plain Jane" He greeted me, I tried to ignore him. "You know spicing up your wardrobe might not be so bad since you wear the same thing allll the time" he said being a dick looking down at me giving me a bit of a disgusted look, I was wearing my dark blue skinny jeans and grey slightly oversized T-shirt and one of Edwards old hoodys. I huffed "Yeah Mike, and maybe you can not be such a man slut"I smiled sarcastically, his face dropped and I think he was about to say something mean when Emmett came to my rescue "Beat it Newton" "Whatever" he mumbled as he stalked away. "My hero" I pretend swooned while putting a hand to my heart. He laughed "Smartass" I grinned back at him. "So how have things been going lately, seems like I haven't seen you in a while" he asked. I sighed "Same old same old, wake up, make both mine and Charlie's breakfast, come to this hell hole, go home to make both me and Charlie dinner and then do homework, the glamorous life" it had been me and my dad, Charlie, for a while now since my mom walked out when I was 3 and didn't look back, I can't say I missed her, I can't really remember her, I did miss having a female role model though. "Wow, what an exciting life you lead" he dead panned I laughed "Shut up" I said trying to give him a little shove but it was hard since he was a bear of a guy. "So I heard you girls are having a sleepover this weekend" he wiggled his eyebrows in a creepy way. I pulled a face "So you guys actually were listening" "Well I was, I don't know about the other guys, but as soon as I hear my girlfriend and sleepover, my mind goes places" "Ew Emmett, you realise sleepovers aren't what guys imagine, we don't have pillow fights in our underwear" His face dropped and he looked like I kicked his puppy "Why would you ruin a guys dream like that?" "Sorry, I mean of course we pillow fight in our underwear, sometimes naked" I obviously joked. He got this far away look in his eyes "Emmett!" I yelled. "Sorry" he looked a little sheepish, "Anyway me and the guys were thinking that since Mama and Papa Cullen are away for the weekend that we would throw a party, nothing too big just a little get together, with booze" he grinned. I knew that he would ask his big brother Jaden to get the alcohol, he was 22 and in went to Udub. He came home almost every weekend. "Um I'm not sure" I said biting my lip, "I mean have you spoke to the girls about it, you know how Alice is with her sleepovers" "I already took care of it and she thinks it's a good idea, and you girls will still have your sleepover, I think me and Jas are gonna sleep in Edwards room" I thought about it and maybe a party wouldn't be such a bad thing. I was soon regretting thinking that on Friday afternoon while sitting in the cafeteria, with Edward by my side, I was aware of how close he was sitting as my right side was tingling. "Come on Bella please let me do a little makeover on you on Saturday for the party" Alice begged. "No Alice" "Pleeeese Bella" "Alice come on, she said no, plus she doesn't need a make over she's fine just the way she is" Edward defended. I didn't know how to take that, sure it was nice he was sticking up for me but I didn't want him to see me as just 'fine'. I mean sure I wasn't ugly by any means, I had dark brown long straight hair and brown eyes, traits that I got from Charlie and I was skinny with a little bit of a sizeable chest, nothing too big though. I was deep in thought when I felt something hit my head, I looked up to a grinning Rose who just threw a French fry at me. "Hey!" "Sorry but you were spaced out" "Yeah sorry about that" "Okay so while I'm normally against Alice and her makeovers just think that maybe, just maybe, this makeover might get someone's attention" she said giving me a pointed look whilst also looking at Edward who was too busy laughing and joking with the guys. I looked at her perplexed with a shocked look on my face, I didn't know she knew I liked Edward. She just grinned at me "you are so obvious but luckily he doesn't know" she whispered to me but loud enough Alice could hear. "And just think about it, there will be drinking so maybe it will loosen you up a little" Alice said. I was sitting on Alice's bed on Saturday afternoon when Esme popped her head in, "Okay girls have a good sleepover" she said to all 3 of us who had magazines strewn about all over the bed. "Thanks Esme" I replied as Rose said "oh we will". "Alice we will be back tomorrow evening about 1, Edward is in charge" She sighed, she hated being