The Reaping Hello to everyone reading, hope you enjoy the story! This story will become SYOT after the next chapter, so please do think of some ideas for then, when the form will be up! Thank you! The day was finally here. For the last few weeks, Jack Williams had thought of little else. Now, the Reaping Day was finally upon Panem. As he hauled himself out of bed and wandered over to the window, he felt an unfamiliar sense of foreboding. Of course, he'd always known that this day would come. But for some reason, he'd never quite believed it until recently. Today was Jack's twelfth birthday. It would be also, naturally, be the first time that Jack's name would be entered into the infamous "bowl of doom". Some birthday present that would be. Still, the boy thought brightly, the actual reaping wasn't until the afternoon; he could celebrate the morning with his parents, just like he always did. He dressed quickly. For a family living in District Eleven, the Williams' weren't particularly badly off financially. Jack had always had decent clothes, and only rarely did he have to bother with stitched or second hand goods. Today, he decided, he'd wear something simple. His "reaping clothes" were already laid out for him on his chair. The shirt, he recognised, was quite finely crafted, and his trousers and shoes had both been cleaned and prepared to perfection by his mother. But he didn't want to wear them now; it would only keep reminding him of the awful event that was yet to come. Jack bounded downstairs, expecting a warm reception. He wasn't disappointed. "Happy birthday Jack!" his mother and father both stood up and embraced him as he walked into the living room. The breakfast table had already been laid; toast, scrambled eggs, cheese and ham…not to mention the fact that a small pile of presents had been left in the corner. "Mom," he said sheepishly, "you didn't have to do all this…" Jack's mother could be a stern and intimidating presence; she was almost six feet tall, though Jack had recently had a growth spurt and was fast catching up with her. She narrowed her eyes. "Jack Williams," she snapped, "You open those presents and you eat this breakfast we prepared, and don't you go feeling guilty about it." For the first time, Jack saw a certain kind of sadness in her eyes, though she quickly regained her composure. He realised that this show of celebration wasn't entirely for his benefit. "Alright," he smiled back. If this was going to be the last day he spent with his family, then he was certainly going to enjoy it as much as he could. He sat down and began tucking in with gusto. Any feeling of guilt quickly disappeared. The eggs, meat and cheese just tasted so unbelievably good. Usually he had to make do with stale bread. "Tastes good, right?" Mr. Williams winked at his son. "You won't believe how many peacekeepers I had to kill to get all this stuff." "Jameel!" "I'm only teasing! You know," he addressed his son as Jack went for his second helping of scrambled eggs. "I hear that they eat this kind of stuff for breakfast every single day in the Capitol." "I know," replied Jack, "They're so lucky." "You think?" Mr. Williams was sceptical, "Don't you think it would just get so boring? I sometimes wonder what those bastards do for fun," his tone became more serious. "What happens when they get so goddamn sick of doing nothing all day? I suppose they just go to bed and get up in the morning and do the same. But what about when they've watched every T.V. show, bought every fucking ridiculous item of clothing, got every stupid tattoo on the go?" "We know what they do for fun." Mrs. Williams murmured sadly, before taking a sip of tea. A tear ran down her cheek. Mr. Williams paused for a moment. "You know," he smiled at his son, "I don't envy them one bit. I think their lives must be pretty sad." "Yeah," Jack agreed, between mouthfuls of egg. "You're a man of few words, aren't you?" his father said fondly. "Well, I suppose one of you has to be," Mrs. Williams had regained her brusque manner. "Now," she gestured towards the stack of presents, "Let's stop all this Capitol talk and move onto something more interesting." The three of them sat on the sofa in the living room. Jack counted five presents in total; he'd open them as slowly as he could, he decided. As usual, his parents had wrapped them in plain brown paper. Jack had heard of somewhere in town where you used to be able to get colourful, sparkly paper, but apparently they'd stopped selling it. He wasn't surprised; in District Eleven, there presumably wasn't much demand for sparkly paper. He had a sneaking suspicion that the first present would be a book of some kind. And voila! It was. "Thank you," he said automatically before taking a good look at the cover. When he did, he was quite taken aback. He raised an eyebrow and looked quizzically at his amused parents. "But…this is a fictional book! 'Animal Farm' …where did you get it?" "Oh, I know a guy," his father winked again. "There are only so many books on the history of agriculture that can be endured." Mr. Williams worked as a manager on the local wheat farm; there were in the office a shelf full of books that Jack had already read. Just like sparkly paper, fictional books weren't something you saw often in District Eleven. Not ones that were authorised as appropriate by the Capitol, anyway. Not that Jack would generally be interested in such books. "What's it about?" "Well…" Mrs. Williams said, "I wasn't sure about giving it to you. I read it and it was quite hard to read at times. I don't mean that you won't be able to read it," she laughed as Jack opened his mouth to protest. "It's just that, well, there are some messages in it that are quite…hard to deal with for me." Well, that had done it. Jack couldn't wait to read it now. He thought about asking his parents if they'd mind him reading his new book and then opening the rest of his presents this evening, but then the sinking feeling returned to his stomach as he remembered. "But you're not a kid anymore," Mr. Williams said firmly, putting his hands on Jack's shoulders. "It's unfortunate, but it's something that we all have to accept. You're growing up and…" for a moment Jack's dad had to pause and look away, "…and you've grown into such a lovely young man. Your mom and I are so proud of you, and I hope you know that, Jack." Oh dear , thought Jack, we could be at serious risk of the waterworks here. Let's move on to the next present. The remaining presents were nothing unusual; Jack received a set of coloured pencils, a box of nuts, some new pairs of socks and a model elephant, which his father had crafted for him. He was very touched by it all, and wished that the morning could just continue forever. Alas, there was work to be done. Jack's father went out to work almost immediately after the final present had been opened. He always worked such long hours, Jack had come to realise, but he supposed it was worth it. He knew that there was no chance in hell that any of his school friends would ever have got five presents on their twelfth birthday, even if it did fall on Reaping Day. Jack helped his mother wash up the plates and tidy everything away, and offered to help her with the rest of the household chores, but she shook her head, smiling. "No, you go and play with your friends," she said, "I know that they'll be dying to see you. But I want you back in an hour or so; I want us to walk down to the courthouse together." Jack didn't need telling twice. He left the house almost immediately, and ran down the road to his best friend Luka's house. Luka's house was a bit smaller that his, which Jack thought was a little sad considering that Luka was one of three brothers, whereas Jack was himself an only child. But Jack had always liked the idea of having siblings all crowded together in one space. It seemed as though it might be fun, even if you had to go a little bit hungry on occasion. One thing was for sure, Luka and his family wouldn't have had eggs and cheese for breakfast this morning. A sudden thought occurred to Jack; he hadn't washed since eating. He hoped that Luka wouldn't be able to smell the eggs and think he was boasting about his family having more money. But then he dismissed the thought. Luka was a very energetic and outgoing guy, but he certainly wasn't the analytical type. He was the opposite of Jack in a number of ways. The family was one of the very few white families who lived towards the centre of District Eleven. Most of the rest who had come over the years had made their homes working far out into the countryside; Jack was expecting to see some of them later today. He had to admit, he was hoping it would be these kids who were selected as tributes; he didn't want it to be someone he might know. Stop it! This is my birthday morning and they aren't taking it away from me! Arriving at Luka's house, he banged on the front door enthusiastically, but no sounds came from within. This was strange. He knew that Luka's older brother Kiro worked during the day (Jack's dad was actually his superior in the wheat fields) but that didn't account for why the others didn't seem to be in. He was about to knock again when he heard the gentle sound of shuffling, and the door was answered by a small, blonde woman – Luka's mother. "Hi Mrs.- oh, are you alright?" She was crying. Her face was a deep pink and the tears were rolling down her cheeks. "Hi," she said, "I'm sorry, Jack. I know it's your birthday and you're here to see Luka, but…well, this is a very difficult day for us all, and…I'm sorry." She bent her head into her hands, before shutting the door in Jack's face. Well, how rude. Jack was flabbergasted. Luka's mom was usually so nice, so cheerful. He wondered whether it was something he'd said. Then of course he realised, just as he was turning away. Her odds of losing a son today were much greater than those of his own mother. Luka was twelve, Kiko fifteen and the eldest brother Yaro would be seventeen now. So that was, what eleven slips of paper in the bowl? Then of course there were the tesserae…he imagined that their family were in need of a bit more money than his own. Jack felt a rare wave of fury as he trudged back home. This whole thing was just so unbelievably, ridiculously unfair. He just didn't understand why one small group of people in the Capitol had to have so much. How did that even help their leaders obtain power? And why didn't the Capitol citizens try and do something about the way this country was run? His dad was right about what he said about them; they were probably just too stupid. It never occurred to Jack what the Capitol people saw of the Districts and to be honest, he didn't care. Tears sprang into his own eyes now. He just wanted this day to be over, as soon as possible. He couldn't wait for the Reaping now; there was no point in trying to