The mug of hot chocolate I held in my hands felt good as I stood in the cold of the snow in the backyard of the Cullen's rather ostentatious home; my face red from the cold and hair blown back from the wind. My eyes were lit up with joy as I watched my vampire family wrestle and throw snowballs at each other. "Bella! Build a snowman with me!" Taking a long drink of my cocoa, I sat the cup down on the patio table and pulled my gloves on over my reddened fingers. "Sure!" Trudging through the snow, I stood next to Alice, grinning. "Why don't you start with the base and I'll go grab some accessories for it!" A laugh spilled out of my throat as I mock scowled up at my hyperactive friend. "I'm pretty sure you just want me to build it for you!" Alice grinned and pat my cheek softly with her icy fingers. "I'll be right back!" Shaking my head, I realized she had gone, and started to pile snow into my hands, shaping it into a ball. Quietly, I hummed a Christmas song to myself as I dropped the ball into the snow and fell to my knees, trying to make it bigger. It had taken me a few minutes to work it, but I soon had it big enough that I could stand and just roll it along the powder. Once it was big enough, I repeated the process with the second layer, making it slightly smaller. "Let me help you lift that, Bella!" Giving an annoyed growl, a hiss fell from my lips as I stared at Edward. "I can do it!" Pushing air from my nose in a snort, I rolled the second ball on top of the base, grinning. "Told you so!" He raised his hands and backed away slowly. "Sorry…" Sniffing, I gave him a nod and turned back to my project to make the head. I grinned again when I heard Emmett's booming laughter from across the yard. "Belly-boo sure showed you, Eddie-boy!" A snarl reached my ears and I turned to see Edward launching himself at Emmett. " That's it! " They crashed to the snow, almost taking a tree down with them as they rolled off into the forest. Shaking my head, I tapped my chin, looking for the next best powder to use. "How 'bout over here, darlin'?" Looking up, I found Jasper pointing over to a path of untouched snow and I nodded. "Thank you, Jay! That'll work!" Grabbing his hand, I pulled him over to the patch and pushed him back into it, using the element of surprise to do so. "Snow angel, Jasper!" A blond brow quirked upwards at me and I fisted my hips. "Well?" Uh oh. He had that devious grin on his face. There was no way I could get away fast enough… In a flash, I was on top of the honey blond vampire's chest before he rolled me over in the snow. "But I already have a snow angel, darlin'." His nose skimmed along the edge of my jaw as my blush came in at full force. Wrapping my arms round his neck, I gave a sigh of contentment as I pressed our lips together softly. Jasper's tender gold eyes stared down into my own chocolate brown ones and he rubbed the tips of our noses together in an Eskimo kiss. "Alright you two! It's time to get this snowman finished!" We both laughed at the impatient tone of Alice's voice as he helped me up, brushing away the wetness as best he could before rolling out a head using his advanced speed, and carefully leading me to the pixie. "About time! Sheesh!" Jasper shook his head, smiling, as he placed the last layer on top of the snowman. Clapping her hands, Alice pushed the traditional coal eyes, mouth and buttons into the snow before handing me the carrot as she threw an old plaid scarf around the neck. Placing his hands around my hips, Jasper lifted me just a bit so I could press the orange vegetable in the middle of the face, and pulled me to his chest as we stepped away. Giggling, Alice bounced up and down. "That's a wonderful idea, Bella!" Jasper quirked his brow again and I stood on my tiptoes to give him a peck on the lips. In no time, Alice had one of Carlisle's top hats in hand. Laughing, she placed it on top of the snowman's head and we both starting humming 'Frosty The Snowman' to ourselves. "What a lovely snowman, you two!" I beamed up at Esme and gave her a quick squeeze. "Thanks, mom!" Amber eyes widened in joy and I got a fuzzy feeling in my chest that was ruined when I sniffled. "I think it's time we get the human inside, don't you?" Wasting no time, Jasper had me in his arms as he raced up the stairs to his room. Gently kicking the door closed, he sat me down on one of the rocking chairs he kept by the bed and started divesting me of my sopping clothing. "Esme will put these in the wash for you, darlin'." I smiled and nodded, gazing up at my blond vampire with a soft fondness. Pushing my feelings out towards him, a small smile flitted across his lips as he pulled me up and lead me into the en-suite bathroom. Shivering from the cold, I stretched upwards, not embarrassed by my nakedness in front of Jasper as I rolled out my shoulders. Popping my neck, back, elbows, knees, ankles and knuckles, I couldn't help the laugh that bubbled out from me at the sight of Jasper's face. "I wish you wouldn't do that, Isabella." Staring up at him through my lashes, I felt fire envelope my insides as his sinful mouth uttered my full name. "Well cowboy, if you'd like, you can join me in here and help me with my hips…" My tongue poked out to wet my lips. Jasper gave me that devilish smirk of his that had me weak at the knees in an instant. "My apologies, Isabella . I will have to require a rain check for that." I couldn't help the pout that fell over my face and crossed my arms over my chest. His cold fingers ran gently along my cheekbone before he had my face in his hands; his lips pressed to mine. "You're gettin' a cold, darlin'. We need to warm you up, and I'm afraid that the activity you had planned just won't do." A small whine began to build in my throat at being denied. His gold eyes hardened and he scowled. "Isabella, now is not the time. Get in the tub." We were at a standstill as we stared each other down. Jasper's eyes darkened by the second and I bit my lip. "B-but I want you!" He crossed his own arms over his chest, straightening out his relaxed posture so he stood at his towering height of 6'3", dwarfing me at my measly 5'4". "This is not up for debate, Isabella. Either you get into the tub, or I will give you an adjustment for that attitude of yours." Acting on autopilot, I stomped my foot against the linoleum tiles, glaring up at him. Heaving an unnecessary breath, I found myself over his lap within a second as he sat on the seat of the toilet. "Now little girl, you have been very disrespectful to me in the past half hour we have been in this bathroom. Because of your nonsensical tantrum, I now have to refill the tub. What do you have to say for yourself?" Stubbornly, I stayed quiet over his legs. "Very well then." I gasped when the first swat landed against my rump. With my skin still being cold from the weather, the iciness of his hand caused the smack to sting more so than usual. Tears sprang to my eyes at the pain, and I wiggled over him. "No, Isabella. You brought this upon yourself, you will endure your punishment." By the third spank, I was clutching to his jeans with tears spilling from my eyes as I whimpered. "Do you understand, Isabella, that what I am doin' is for your health and wellbein'?" I couldn't answer him as my breath hitched, and his hand came down on my sit spots. "An answer, if you please little girl." I frantically nodded my head. "Y-yes!" Jasper gave me one last swat before gathering me into his arms and cradling me to his chest. He said nothing as he reached over to the tub, draining the now cold water before plugging it back up and turning the faucets on once again. I curled up against him, my body sore and trembling as I huffed and sniffled. Holding a tissue to my nose, he instructed me to blow into it before tossing it into the garbage and wiping my face with a warm washcloth. "Hush darlin'. I got ya." His lips pressed to my forehead for a moment as he turned the taps off. "Darlin', I don't punish ya to be mean." His fingers trailed over my hip and thigh. "I do it when I know you need the guidance you're so desperately seekin'." I rubbed my face against his shirt, taking in his scent. "I-I'm s-sorry, Ja-Jas…" Giving a nod, he stood from the toilet with me in his arms. "Are you ready for that bath now?" I nodded, hissing as the heated water made contact with my freezing flesh, causing my body to feel like I was on pins and needles. My ass was the sorest it had ever been in a long time, but as I relaxed against the back of the tub, the roaring thunder it had been had dulled down to a small roar. Pouring a capful of vanilla scented bubbles into the water, Jasper pressed a chaste kiss against my lips. "You just relax here and warm up, darlin'. I'll be back." He turned my iPod on before he left, shutting the bathroom door to keep the warmth in for me as soft Christmas tunes floated through the speakers against the wall. Sinking down until the water and bubbles surrounded my face, I rubbed my hands against my thighs and breathed out from my nose, making ripples. I wasn't quite so sure what had come over me that had caused that tantrum. Thinking back, it really had been awhile since Jasper had had to punish me with a spanking or corner time… Remorse filled me when I recalled how I was acting. The vampire was looking out for me, taking care of me and recognizing the fact that I could not (or would not) do it myself. I was ever so thankful that we had been able to acknowledge our bond. It was after that horrible farce of a birthday party, and after Edward had left me in the woods after breaking up with me. I was catatonic for months until Jasper had suddenly showed up at my window one night. When he looked at me, I could tell he wasn't happy with what he saw. Deep bags that were a dark purple/black lined my eyes from lack of sleep, my hair was a tangled rat's nest; dulled, lifeless and brittle, just like my soul was. I had lost a lot of weight from lack of eating, which caused my clothes to hang from my frame like rags, and my skin was splotchy and roughened with dead skin and acne. "Oh Isabella…what have we done to you?" I stayed curled up against my headboard, covered in blankets as I shivered from the cool Forks air. Swinging his other long leg through the window, he slid it shut and slowly approached my bedside. I hadn't blinked since he had arrived, just stared up at his beautiful