WARNING: If you have a trigger of any kind, continue reading this warning, if not, don't because this warning contains SPOILERS. People who have triggers, I have triggers too. I know what that's like. Anyway, for those of you who are triggered to rape scenes due to respective situations, be forewarned, there is that kind of scene in this chapter. And maybe in a later chapter too. I still would like you to read my story, so I have set up warnings so you will know when the scene will take place and when it ends. I hope this helps. A/N: Originally I was going to post this in my story "Love Or Lust" but I really fell in love with the plot that I was creating that I had to make it a totally separate story. Hope you guys enjoy it! Chapter 1: Luke POV: Annabeth I could feel the rush of my blood flooding to my cheeks as the skin around his eyes crinkled and his mesmerizing sharp blue irises lit up like a cool blue flame. Always from afar I observed him. That's what I felt. I always felt so far away from him. He seemed so untouchable. Unreachable. It wasn't the untouchable kind that was so vulnerable that its very essence would break. No, not quite. It seemed more like the reverse. I felt as though if I were to touch him, I would be the one to shatter into a million pieces. Unrecognizable. "Are you okay, Annabeth?" His eyebrows furrowed in cute worry. Cute worry? Is that even a grammatically correct phrase? Rather an even socially-acceptable phrase? Gods Annabeth. Get your shit together. A broom is brushing up the pieces into a bin. Inconceivable pieces. Pieces so shattered, it had turned into dust. Talk about unrecognizable. I gave him a million dollar smile and replied, "Great." My heart skipped a beat when the features on his face turned soft. I felt my chest pounding because I knew that I was the only one who could do that to him. His eyes crinkled, his lips in a supple smile, and his scar... His scar I wanted to caress. No one knew him like I did. I knew his struggles and that scar represented the part of him that is only vulnerable to me. That scar made it feel like he was mine Or at least, that part of him was mine. "Do you think this is okay?" He held up a diamond ring; elegant, untouchable, just like him. And once again I am shattered. "Alice'll love it," I managed to say, my eyes burning from the glow of the ring and his smile. I felt inferior to that small matter that he held up in blank space. His confession of love to someone that wasn't me. So this is what it's like to die without actually dying. "Perfect." He smiled his perfect smile once again and my head spun and my heart wrenched. "Annabeth. Are you okay?" I looked up, my eyes glazed with tears. There he was. Luke Castellan with his notoriously handsome blue eyes. The summer camp hottie. My cheeks blushed as he held my hand and helped me up from the ground. "Playing with the bigger kids can be such a drag sometimes, huh? Let me get you patched up." My face heated up. I was not about to let him treat me like a child. I pulled away from his hand and crossed my arms. "I'm fine. I can keep up with anyone I want!" No shit, I was scared that he was actually going to get mad at me. The older kids usually stepped on the young ones. He was 11 and I was 7. But instead he laughed. And that was the first time I felt the butterflies. I know, crazy. A second grader "falling" for an sixth grader. Unthinkable. But when I actually thought about it. We were always an unthinkable pair. He leaned down and put his hand on his knees so his head was on my level. The light danced in his eyes and I felt the butterflies in my stomach melt into heart-shaped sundrops. "Of course you can. In fact, I don't think anyone can keep up with you." He tucked a strand of hair in the back of my ear and gave me a grin. "But I'm still going to get you patched up. Can't let you go take on the world with that scraped elbow. We gotta fix you up first." He held out his hand and I took it. This time I didn't let go. "Hello?" "Hey Annabeth." The words were slurred. I couldn't make out who was saying them for a second. "Luke?" My hand clutched my phone. He's drunk. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. "Anna-beth," he hiccuped and burped out a laugh. "You wanna join me at my place?" "Luke." I kept my voice indifferent, careful not to have him notice my concern. "What happened?" He spat out a laugh. "I literally just drank one bottle of beer, Annabeth." "I know, I wa-" "Don't fuck with me. I know you're judging me. But I literally just had-" "No, no, no Luke, I know. I just want to know what happened before you got home. Okay? That's all." Silence. "Well I bought the beer." No shit. "Okay," I said gently. "Before that?" For a minute I didn't hear his voice. I heard his shuffling. And I knew exactly what he was doing. His hands rubbed against his legs anxiously. His right foot tapping quietly against the carpet inhis living room. His eyes blinking rapidly while his beer-tainted breath struggled to stay even. He croaked out a single word. A name. "Alice." I froze. My whole body froze but my heart was beating wildly in my chest. Man, I'm so messed up to feel this way. Is there a chance after all? I shook my head. What the fuck Annabeth, you shouldn't even be thinking about that right now! "Luke, I whispered softly. "Did she-" "I'm returning the ring to Tiffany's tomorrow." His deadpanned voice choked with alcohol broke my heart. I'm going to kill that bitch. As much as I wanted him for myself. I wanted his happiness more than anything else. "I'm sorry, Luke. I know how much you loved her." I felt like ice; breaking and crunching as I heard him cry over the phone. The connection crackled momentarily, but his sadness still traveled through the sound waves and into me. Luke was an alcoholic. He had his first drink his sophomore year of high school. He told me he hated the taste but for some reason, he kept drinking. I could not understand this logic while I was still in elementary school. I thought that people drank beverages because it tasted good, the same way I always like to drink Mello-Yello when we go to Noodles & Company. His dad left when he was 6 and his mom was a druggie. High on life almost every single day. Never held down a job longer than 2 weeks. He got used to the fact that his mom was "biological baggage". His dad left, but he did give Luke a payday every Friday of every week for being the son of an executive CEO of the United States' Postal Service. I met Mr. Castellan a few times and he was always a gentleman. But Luke does not try hard to hide his disdain for him. Luke started getting wasted every weekend his senior year of high school when his mom almost OD'd at some guy's house in the beginning of the year. She was in a coma for about a week and when she got better, she got locked up for the powder she'd been sniffing. It also turns out Mama Castellan was a dealer. A dealer to the kids at Luke's high school. It was all kinds of fucked up. But I never looked at Luke differently. I was always there for him. Right after that chance encounter I had with him at my first summer camp, I knew that we would always have each other. It started getting out of hand having to get wasted every weekend and having to deal with the hangover at every beginning of the week. I hadn't known about it until he called me in the middle of the night to ask for a ride. "My parents are going to kill me." My fingers nervously drummed the wheel as I spoke to an almost unconscious Luke in the passenger seat. "It's all my fault," he said, grimacing as he closed his eyes. "Always my fault.." he whispered. "No, Luke, it's okay-" He grabbed a tuft of his own hair and started pulling on it. Careful not to let my eyes off the road, I tried pulling his hands away from his head before he did anything else. "Luke, we're almost there. Just hold on." He suddenly tossed his head back, his eyes bulging. I will never get that memory out of my head. The time that Luke started seizing and foaming in the mouth. It was definitely a hard thing to explain to my parents later, but at that point, that was no longer one of my worries. I called 911 and they took care of him. Luke was treated in an inpatient facility when he recovered for his alcohol addiction. I kept tabs on him. Rather, we kept tabs on each other. He never let me treat him like a patient. I let him have that dignity for himself. When I visited him the first couple of times, he kept telling me that there was nothing wrong with him. He pleaded me to get the nurses to discharge him and let him get back to school. But I couldn't do that. Because I knew that he was troubled. Though, I loved him despite the trouble. Yes. I do love him. This became clear when his thoughts of himself finally cleared. "I have a problem," he admitted to me, his eyes careful to detect a change in me. What did he expect of me? To run away? I smiled lovingly at him. "That's the first step to recovery." He laughed. "Never thought I'd hear that coming out from your mouth instead of Dr. Phil's." Sincerely, I took his hands in mine and looked him in the eyes the same way he did to me when we shared our first memory together. "We gotta fix you up first before you take on the world again. I'll be here every step of the way. Always." He gave me a tired smile and sighed. "I need constant fixing, Annabeth." I kissed him on his forehead. "Like I said. Always. I am here. I'll always be here." I kept promise. I was there in his every step. Sometimes at the cost of myself, with school, and just at the expense of seeing him so rundown and at his most vulnerable state. I saw him angry, depressed, happy, confused, terrified. I saw every part of him. Nothing was hidden away. And I loved him more, knowing every part of his being. When Alice came along after he graduated college and found work at a financial firm, needless to say, I was heartbroken. I felt him slipping away from my grasp. But he was never mine. I never got ahold of him. He was always on his own, conquering the world in his own terms. I wanted to yell at him, but it felt like he was so far away from me, it would be vain to even call for him. I always felt like I had to run after him. But he was already miles ahead. Luke, why not me? Why her? Why did you pick her? I knew you the best. I loved you the most. Could you not see that? Of all the people. I thought you saw me.