Snape's Revenge Chapter 1 Severus Snape, a third-year student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, is sprinting up the Grand Staircase to his Defense Against the Dark Arts class. His long, greasy black hair is soaked and his shoes make a horrible squelching noise as he moves. He is almost to the 5th floor when a set of armor comes tumbling down in front of him. Severus comes to a screeching halt as hysterical laughter fills the air. "I spy with my little eyes a student late to class." A small, translucent, man with squinty eyes and a too huge smile floats into the air above the fallen armor. He grins widely at Severus and refuses to let him pass. "Get out of my way Peeves," Severus snarls. "Ohhhh somebody isn't in a very good mood. Has little Snapey been crying?" "Shut it Peeves!" "Boohoo, I'm Sniveling Snape and I don't have any friends." "I said shut up!" Severus tries to jump at Peeves with his wand but his wet shoes causes him to slip. His leg goes through a trick step and he falls flat on his face. Peeves bursts into laughter, doing cartwheels around Severus' head, and disappears with a pop, leaving him trapped in the Grand Staircase. A large grandfather clock down the hall strikes twelve and panic begins to set in. Classes have ended and everyone was going to see him trapped in the stairs like some dim-witted first year. Doors all around him bang open and his classmates come streaming out of the classrooms. Severus struggles harder as voices fill the halls, but it is one group of voices that chills him to his core. "Did you see the look on Snape's face when I pushed him into the lake?" "What do you expect from someone who smells like troll feet? He's probably never taken a bath in his life!" James Potter, the bane of Severus' existence, strides cockily towards the staircase with his best friend Sirius Black. They are so caught up in talking about Severus that they almost don't see him trapped in front of them; almost. James collides into him and they both go tumbling to the ground. "Bloody hell! Can't you see we're walking here," James snaps as he pushes Severus away from him. "He probably couldn't see us past that beak he calls a nose," Sirius snickers. James stands up and a look of surprise slowly molds into a nasty sneer. "It looks like someone's forgotten how to climb the stairs properly." "Need a hand there Snape," Sirius laughs; reaching towards Severus. Severus whips out his wand and points it straight at Sirius' face. Sirius quickly reacts by backing up and pulling out his own wand. He lifts his arm as though about to cast a spell when James grabs his arm. "Don't waste your magic on him Sirius. He's not even worth the dirt on your shoes." Sirius and Severus have a standoff; glaring at each other until Sirius finally lowers his wand. Severus reluctantly lowers his wand but holds onto it in case Sirius changes his mind. James rolls his eyes and bumps his shoulder aggressively into Severus as the pair of friends begins walking down the stairs. "I challenge you to a duel Potter!" James twists back around and squints up at Severus. "I'm sorry; I don't think I heard you quite right. I believe you said something about a duel?" "That's right Potter," Severus spits, "I challenge you to a wizard's duel!" "I bet he doesn't even have someone to be his 2nd," Sirius scoffs. "Of course he does!" A beautiful girl with gorgeous red hair and dark eyes is standing at the top of the stairwell. She walks down to Severus and gingerly helps him release his leg from the trick stair. They become righted again and the girl glares at the chuckling Sirius and James. "Oh look, it's Lily Evans. Come here to save your disgusting boyfriend have you," Sirius scoffs. "The only disgusting people I see here is you and James." James saunters up to Lily and grabs ahold of her chin, gently tilting it up until she is looking at him. "One day Lily Evans you will realize who Snape really is. When that moment comes I'll be here to sweep you off your feet." "Like I would ever want to be with someone as foul as you!" "Trust me Lily. One day you'll be all mine." He lets go of her chin, smirking stupidly at her. He motions to Sirius and they walk past Lily and Severus. She rolls her eyes and turns to check on Severus. "What a creep," Lily mutters, "Are you ok?" "Of course I'm not ok you stupid girl!" Snape regrets the words immediately when he sees the look on Lily's face. "If I'm not mistaken you were trapped and would have stayed that way if I hadn't come along! Not to mention Sirius and James looked ready to curse you!" "I didn't need you to save me Lily! I could have handled it without you barging in like that," Snape growls at her. Lily's frustration is evident on her face. Without a word she spins around and stomps away in the opposite direction. Why doesn't she understand? How can he prove his worth to her if she's always coming and saving him? Severus scowls and begins walking down the stairs only to be knocked on the back of the head with something hard. He rubs the lump already forming and looks down to see a sterling silver vase rolling around at his feet. Severus looks around for the culprit as high-pitched laughter fills the air. "Peeves," Severus bellows. The poltergeist zooms towards Severus' face; going through his head and into a nearby classroom. Severus will deal with him later. He has a duel to plan. Chapter 2 "Severus, wake up Severus!" Severus opens his eyes and sees Lily standing in front of him, her hands on her hips. He looks around and realizes he is still in the library. "What are you doing sleeping in the library? I was worried sick when you weren't in Potions today!" "I guess I fell asleep going through these books…Wait, you said you were in Potions? What time is it?" "It's past time for class that's for sure!" He groans and slams his head onto the stack of books in front of him. He can't believe he has missed yet another class. If he misses any more classes he'll be sent to the Dungeons, or worse; to the headmaster. He hates that old fool Dumbledore almost as much as he hates everybody else. As much respect as he has for the geezer he cannot shake the feeling Dumbledore thinks he is better than him. Lily snaps her fingers in his face, bringing him out of his hate-driven stupor. "What is wrong with you? Why are you acting so weird?" "It's nothing Lily. I'm just upset I couldn't find the potion recipe I was looking for." "Oh, what kind of potion?" She grabs a chair nearby and scoots up next to him; grabbing the book nearest her and studies the cover. "Mad as a Hatter Potions and Poultices: One Thousand Recipes for Your Greatest Enemies. What do you need this for?" "I'm trying to find something to use on Potter before the duel, but most of the recipes are meant for fun. I want something that will hurt him and that stupid lapdog Sirius Black," Snape mutters darkly. "Actually, I think this is the perfect book for you. You should go through it again!" "Didn't you hear me? I want to hurt them, bad, and this book won't help me accomplish that." "I did hear you, but James and Sirius can recover from physical pain. What they can't recover however is their pride." It is as though a light bulb goes off in his head. If Severus were to concoct something that would cause them humiliation they would be so upset they would not want to duel. He may even be able to find something that would be so humiliating they would never want to come out of their dormitories. Then, he would never have to worry about them harassing him again; at least not for the rest of the year. A devilish grin spreads across his face as he begins flipping through the book with Lily. They find all sorts of recipes. Among the silly and preposterous recipes there are some that are simply vile. Potion of Exploding Diarrhea: 'Sure to cause havoc in a lavatory near you!', and Potion of Projectile Slugs: 'Watch for slug goo!' were just a couple, but one potion recipe stands out to Severus right away. The recipe is for a clear potion that causes oozing, stinking zits to appear all over the victims face and body. The only way to get rid of these zits is to apply troll dung to the affected areas, or else have terrible scars for the rest of your life. "Look at this recipe Lily! It's perfect!" "Potion of Troll Zits? What are troll zi..." Lily gags. She stares in horror at the description for the potion. Her shock turns into confusion and she turns to Severus. "Where are we even going to find some of these ingredients? I mean, troll saliva and flobberworm pus aren't ingredients that are exactly lying around," she says incredulously. "Easy, we'll get them from Professor Mordric's supply closet." "Are you mad?! Not only is he our Potions professor but he's also your Head of House! You could get into serious trouble!" "Not if he doesn't see us," Severus suggests. "How do you plan on him not seeing us? He's in those Dungeons all the time." Severus looks at her coyly, scooting back his chair and leaving the library with Lily following beside. They wind their way up the stairs until they reach the portrait of The Fat Lady, the guard that protects the Gryffindor dormitories. Severus turns to Lily and looks her straight in the eye. "Have you ever noticed how Potter randomly disappears and moments later something odd happens, with no explanation as to what caused it?" Lily nods but she still doesn't seem to understand his point. "Well, I heard Potter boasting to his friends a while ago about how he had found some magical cloak that allows him to become invisible. Apparently he's been using it to cause all of the unexplainable occurrences." "Well that explains why my knickers keep disappearing," she mutters. "What was that?" "Nothing, nothing. So what is your plan? You want me to sneak into the boys' dormitory and steal his invisible cloak," she scoffs. "Actually, that is exactly my plan." Before she can refuse he pushes her towards The Fat Lady. "Ok, I'll meet you back in the library in thirty minutes. Good luck!" He turns to go but Lily grabs his wrist. "Wait a second! How am I supposed to find an invisible cloak when it's invisible?!" "The cloak itself isn't invisible, at least not until you actually put it on. Potter is simple enough you'll find it in no time!" Before she can say anything more he jogs back down the staircase towards the library. If she can find the invisibility cloak then they can easily get the ingredients for the potion. Now all he had to do was wait for Lily to meet him back in the library. While he is waiting he can look more thoroughly at the potion directions to make sure they get everything they need. Severus excitingly opens the page to the Potion of Troll Zits and pours all of his concentration into remembering the list of ingredients. Thirty minutes have passed and Lily still has not come back with the cloak. Severus begins to worry when he hears giggling in his ear. He turns to look behind him but no one is there. The next thing