Two ear-splitting roars sounded over the Norwegian Ridgeback sanctuary. Two young male Ridgebacks were fighting over a female; mating season was just beginning. The dragons were fighting for dominance and attention from the female. The Ridgeback dragon keepers flew to the fighting dragons as soon as they heard the loud roars and yowls. However, dragons were fierce and fast fighters. By the time, Harry, Tim, and the other keepers arrived, they saw Fafnir and Baldur attacking each other with claws and flames. They quickly stunned the dragons, scarlet jets of light hitting the dragons and causing them to fall unconscious. Harry sent a patronus message to the preserve's veterinarian. Harry nervously paced back and forth while he was waiting for the veterinarian to give her diagnosis. He was feeling apprehensive and guilty. The youngest dragon, Baldur, had been badly injured. Felicity, the vet, walked over to Harry and Tim, who were waiting for news. She was a petite, blonde woman, but she had a very strong and feisty personality. "The five-year-old dragon is going to be fine after a night of healing sleep. He has superficial wounds on his body, which the salves will heal." Harry sighed in relief. Fafnir was usually a calm dragon; however, female dragons in heat could cause males to become violent and aggressive. The vet continued her findings. "Now, the three-year-old dragon is in serious condition. He has two lacerations on his shoulder, deep enough to cause muscle damage. Also, he has a deep laceration across his face, which has scratched his eye. He's going to need intensive care for the next few days. If he doesn't heal properly, he could become blind in that eye." Tim nodded. He knew if Baldur became blind, the other dragons would view him as weak and either attack or ostracize him. They had a special sanctuary on the preserve for disabled dragons, ones who were blind, deaf, had deformed wings, or a permanent injury from a fight. "How can we help him?" Tim asked Felicity. "We'll move him to the infirmary enclosure. He'll need salves and potions and 24-hour care. My interns and I will take shifts, but we'll need some of you to take shifts too." "I'll do it," said Harry. He felt a connection to Baldur. When he was a trainee, Harry worked in the nursery and Baldur was a one-year-old dragon there. He had learned about dragons by working with the young ones in the nursery. Baldur was his favorite one. "Ok, let's get him transported to the enclosure," the vet said. After the sleeping dragon was safely in the crate, Harry, Tim, Felicity, and three other handlers hopped onto their brooms and grabbed the ropes to lift the crate into the air. The six of them flew Baldur to the enclosure. They carefully uncrated the dragon and settled him comfortably into the sleeping area. Felicity volunteered to take the first shift. "We'll have six hour shifts. I'll take the first one, followed by my interns. I want the three of us to watch him for these crucial hours. The keepers can start their shifts tomorrow." "I'll take the morning shift," Harry said. "Are you sure, Harry?" Tim asked. "It's your day off." Harry blinked in confusion. He had forgotten tomorrow was Sunday, Feb 10th. He planned on taking Charlie to the island for a surprise Valentine's Day celebration. It was also their two year anniversary. Originally, he had planned on proposing to Charlie on Valentine's Day, but the redhead had already proposed two months ago. Now, he had wanted to return to the island because Charlie had loved it there. However, he also felt responsible for Baldur, and he wanted to help take care of him. He knew his fiancé would understand. He nodded to Tim. "It's ok. I want to help Baldur." Tim agreed. "I can take the shift after Harry." The other keepers signed up for shifts too. Felicity and the interns would show up at the start of a shift to show the keepers how to cast the diagnosis spell and how to apply the salves to the lacerations. The keepers went back to the Ridgeback sanctuary; they told the other keepers who had stayed behind to watch over Fafnir and the other dragons about Baldur and that they could sign up for shifts to watch over him if they wanted. That evening Harry checked in with Fafnir and Baldur before going back to his cabin. Felicity told him that Baldur was resting comfortably and the salves seemed to be working. The lacerations were slowly healing. "If Baldur gets worse, please tell me. I'll come immediately to help; it doesn't matter if it's the middle of the night. I still want to know," Harry said. Felicity nodded. She remembered working with Harry in the nursery and how he bonded with Baldur. "I promise to call you if anything happens, but he should be fine." Charlie was waiting for him when he got home. "I heard what happened. How are the dragons?" Harry slowly took off his coat and boots. He was worried about Baldur. "Fafnir is going to be fine. He only had superficial wounds. Baldur is in the infirmary with deep lacerations. Felicity is worried about a scratch on his eye." Charlie hugged him; he knew how he felt about Baldur. "Felicity is a great vet. I'm sure she'll take good care of Baldur. How are you feeling? Harry buried his head in Charlie's neck, hiding his face from his observant fiancé. "I'm fine." Charlie chuckled ruefully. "You know I don't believe that. I know you, love. You're worried about Baldur, and you're feeling guilty that he got hurt." Harry nodded his head, his black hair brushing against Charlie's neck. "I should have been faster or keeping a closer eye on them." "There was nothing you could have done. Once two dragons start fighting, it's a quick and brutal battle. I'm sure you and the others stunned them as soon as you could. Dragons can be very aggressive and hostile, especially males during mating season." "I know that. I should have been paying attention to Baldur and Fafnir; they're the youngest. Its Baldur's first mating season. I should have been watching him," Harry said. He felt like he should have known what could happen and prevented it. "You can't predict what a dragon will do, Harry. You did the best you could do in the situation. You prevented Baldur and Fafnir from receiving more serious injuries," Charlie said. His blue eyes looked into Harry's green ones, trying to convey his message. The raven-haired wizard wasn't to blame for Baldur's injuries. Harry looked into Charlie's honest and sincere blue eyes. Logically, he knew the redhead was right. He couldn't predict dragon behavior, but he still felt guilty. "Come on, let's eat supper and then go to bed," Charlie said, leading him to the kitchen. Harry was quiet during their meal; he kept thinking about Baldur. As he was thinking about Baldur' recovery, he remembered that he had to tell Charlie about postponing their Valentine's plans. "Charlie, I'm sorry but we can't celebrate Valentine's Day tomorrow. I told Felicity that I'd take the morning shift of watching Baldur." "It's ok, Harry. I knew as soon as I heard how badly hurt Baldur was that you would want to be there for him. It doesn't matter when we celebrate." "Thanks, love. We will celebrate it and our anniversary as soon as Baldur is recovered," Harry promised his fiancé. "Don't worry about it. I understand; I've canceled dates before because of a sick or injured dragon." The green-eyed wizard smiled. "I remember." Later, they lay in bed with Charlie being the big spoon. He wrapped his arms around Harry and pulled him close. "Can I come with you tomorrow morning? I want to help too." "That would be great. Thanks, Charlie." "I love you," Charlie whispered. "I love you," Harry whispered back. "Good night." Early the next morning, Harry woke up and quietly got out of bed. Charlie was still sleeping soundly and he didn't want to wake him up early on his day off. So, Harry left him a note telling him he went to the infirmary to check on Baldur. Harry walked into the infirmary enclosure and spotted Nicholas, a vet intern, sitting beside a sleeping dragon. "Hey Nicholas, how's he doing?" Nicholas looked up and smiled at Harry. Felicity had told him that Harry would probably show up early in the morning to check on Baldur. "He had a good night. We kept him asleep, so he wouldn't aggravate his wounds. I'm just finishing putting the salve on his lacerations." He watched as the intern spread a thick, yellow paste onto Baldur's shoulder. The paste settled deep into the wound, healing the muscle damage. "When does the salve need to be reapplied?" Harry asked. "In a few hours. Your shift doesn't start for two hours, Harry. Go home and eat breakfast. Bring a book with you. There isn't much for you to do here, and Baldur should sleep all day." Harry returned to his cabin. Charlie was still sleeping, so the raven-haired man went into the kitchen to start breakfast. He had just finished cooking pancakes and bacon when Charlie shuffled into the kitchen. He smiled when he saw his sleepy fiancé. The redhead groggily said, "Morning, babe." "Morning, love," Harry said as he poured him a cup of tea. He placed a plate piled high with pancakes and bacon in front of Charlie. Charlie grabbed the cup gratefully and carefully took a sip of the hot tea. He needed to fully wake up. He dug into his breakfast, groaning in appreciation. He loved Harry's pancakes. After breakfast and showers, they headed to the infirmary for Harry's shift. Nicholas was briefing Felicity on Baldur's condition. After Nicholas left, Felicity showed the keepers how to apply the salve, put the drops in his eye, and administer the potions down Baldur's throat. When it was time to reapply the healing salve, Harry gently rubbed it in the wound across his face. "It's going to be ok, Baldur," he said. "We're going to get you better." Charlie smiled as he listened to Harry comfort the sleeping dragon. He finished rubbing the salve on his shoulder and grabbed the potions off the shelf. He handed the eye drops to Harry. With the two of them working together, they quickly finished their medical tasks. The six hour shift passed quickly, and they went back to their cabin. They relaxed for the rest of the day, and Harry went to bed early. He was going to have a long day tomorrow. He was going to work with the Ridgebacks and then take a shift watching Baldur. On Monday evening, Charlie entered his cabin after a long day of work. He went into the kitchen and looked in the freezer for supper. Elsie liked to stock their freezer with prepared meals. He was going to take two meals and go eat with Harry at the infirmary. Suddenly, Charlie had an idea about a surprise for Harry. "Elsie, can you come here please?" Charlie called for their house-elf. The house-elf popped into the kitchen in front of the redhead. "Yes, Master Charlie. What do you need?" "I want to surprise Harry for Valentine's Day; he was so disappointed we had to cancel our plans yesterday." "What do you want to do for Master Harry?" "I want to recreate our first date," Charlie said. Two years ago, Harry had surprised him with a romantic picnic in the solarium at Potter Manor. Elsie smiled. She remembered helping Master Harry with that picnic. She could see then that the two men would be very good together. "I will get the solarium ready and make all the food." Charlie shook his head. "Wait a minute, Elsie. I want to have the picnic here, but I don't know when we can do it. Harry's