I do not own any character except Kim. Kayla, Jimmy and Kerri all own themsleves. Read and review! Friends For Life It was a typical day. She got her bike from the garage and biked to her best friend JC's house. "Hey JC!" "Hey!" "Wanna go to the creek and wade in it for a while since the pool is closed?" "Sure, let me get my bike." They rode off together, laughing and racing each other along the way. They got to the creek, took their shoes off, and stepped in the cool water. The warm September sun of the Indian summer beat down on their backs as they walked along in the shallow stream. "JC I don't get it." "Get what?" "All of our friends have been kissed. Kayla was kissed by Jimmy, Ellen was kissed by Lance, and even little Kerri was kissed by Justin and both of them are only eight!" "And your point is?" "No guy would ever want to kiss me since I'm a tomboy." She placed a pout on her face. "So? They just don't know the real you!" "Am I really all that ugly JC?" "No, you are not, I repeat, not ugly." "Are you just saying that to make me feel better?" "No, I am just stating the truth. There is nothing wrong with you to make people think that you are ugly. Unless..." "Unless what Mr. I-Know-Everything-Under-The-Sun?" "Unless they had some weird brain disease that made them think that." "Real cute. Still, the only guy that really hangs around me and knows how I feel is..." "Who is it?" "Well," she said as she blushed, "you. I always tell you everything that I am feeling and you never tell anyone. Anyone else I know wouldn't care or would tell everyone so I look like a big idiot." "You know that Chris, Lance, Justin and Joey would never do that!" "Well, I just don't think that they feel and understand me how you do." Four more boys entered the clearing. She quickly ran out of the water, grabbed her shoes, and ran into the clearing. "Kim, come back!" He swiftly ran after her. "Oh great. She is Little Miss Moody again!" "I wonder what that was about," pondered Lance. The four boys ran after JC and Kim. JC was standing next to a large weeping willow tree. "JC, is she up there?" Joey gulped after saying this. "Yeah. Why?" "Because if she's in the clubhouse, that floor was about to fall out the last time anyone was in it. We went in there five months ago and the floor almost fell through." "Kim, get down you'll get hurt." The silence was broken as the group heard some sobs like someone was crying. "Kim, the floor in the clubhouse is gonna give way, get out of there!" As Justin finished his sentence, a tremendous crash was heard and they heard her cry out, "Guys! I'm stuck on a branch. It's cracking a lot. Hurry!" "I'll go up there." "Are you sure JC?" "Yeah, I'm the fastest climber." He swiftly climbed up to where she was and grabbed her hand. The tree branch snapped and all four of the guys on the ground ran closer to see if she fell with it. She had been pulled just in the nick of time off of it. "Thanks JC. You... you saved my life." JC leaned in toward her and pecked her a gentle kiss on the lips before jumping out of the tree. She sat there stunned and as still as a statue. Her trance was broken as JC climbed up again and shook her gently. "Kim?" "Yeah?" She replied like she was in a dream. "You have to get down now." "Oh, right. Thanks. I owe you my life." "No problem. Oh, and now you can't say that you haven't been kissed." He jumped out of the tree and waited for her at the bottom. She jumped after him and ran off. He was much faster and in the middle of the field he tackled her to the grass, lying on top of her. "You realize that I was just joking around, right?" He sounded nervous. "Of course JC. Can you get off of me now?" "Sure." She raced to her bike, got on and rode off. The five boys soon followed in quick pursuit. She turned on a sharp corner. The boys followed and Chris, the oldest of them, hit the turn too hard and tumbled off of the bike. She stopped, turned around, and came back to see if he was ok. "Hey, you alright?" "Sike!" He grabbed her extended hand and yanked her to the ground. The other four boys followed in suit and tackled her in a huge pile up. She was still on her knees. After what seemed like ten minutes but was really two hours of trying to tackle each other and chases with bikes, it was time to go home for another day. (Three months later) JC sat around his room after coming back home from school. He was deep in thought as his phone rang. "Hello, JC Chasez speaking, who is this?" "This is the Disney studios, JC. You have the job on MMC." "What, you mean it?" "Yes. Come down for your first rehearsal and taping in Orlando in a week. You will have to live down here for this though." "My parents have already made reservations with family." "See you in a week JC." "See ya!" He quickly dialed Kim. "Hello, who is this?" "Kim, it's me JC." "Hey JC. You sure sound excited!" "Yeah. I got the job on MMC!" "That's great JC!" "I'm moving down there in two days!" "Two days?" Her voice fell dramatically. "Yeah. What's wrong?" "Nothing. Good luck!" "Thanks. I'll see ya tomorrow after school!" "Yeah. See ya." She hung up. Two weeks before, Justin and himself had tried out for parts at MMC. Chris, Joey and Lance had already moved away to different places. The phone rang again disrupting JC out of his trance. "JC, guess what?" "What Justin?" "I GOT THE JOB ON MMC!" "So did I! Cool!" "When are you moving down there?" "In two days. You?" "Same here! I already called Kim and told her. She wasn't too happy about something." "Yeah. She was the same when I called her too. Wonder why." "Oh well. See yeah down in Orlando!" "See ya Justin!" The next two days blew by. JC was so wrapped up in packing for his aunt's house, he forgot to meet Kim after school the next day. He left and forgot to say good-bye, just like Justin did. (A few years later) "Hey this is Carson Daly here at MTV's live TRL debut of N Sync, the newest boy band. Here they are performing Tearin' Up My Heart." The five guys danced to the music and sang in perfect key, just as they had practiced. One girl in the audience sat there smiling proudly; knowing that this was just the beginning for this new group, which had so much promise. She herself was in her early twenties, though just by looking at her face you could see the sorrow that she has lived through. For the next few years she would attend every event that those five boys were at in the United States. After the release of Celebrity, she went for a break to her childhood home, basking in the old memories each site had to hold. She took out her bike from the old garage and pedaled the familiar route to an old friend's house. She was surprised to see it just like the day she moved from the place. The same car, the same sign, the same of everything. She gathered up her courage and walked to the door and swiftly rapped her knuckles on it. A kind older lady answered. "Who is this?" "This is Kim Franco. I used to live in this community. I was wondering if the Chasezes still lived here. I was I friend of JC." "Is that you? My, have you grown since I saw you last in eighth grade before Josh moved to Orlando! How are you deary?" "Fine, Mrs. Chasez. How's JC?" "Good. He's coming home actually in a few hours." "Oh. I better leave then. Security will probably be crawling all over this place!" "No, come in. I insist." The old woman and the young lady talked for hours about times past and old memories. A knock came from the door and the woman answered it. "Hide in the kitchen! Go!" The girl ran swiftly to the small kitchen. "Hey honey, how's the tour?" "Great. Tiring, but great. The guys and I are going to grab a bite to eat in the kitchen and we'll be up in my room." "Do you guys remember that bike in the driveway?" "Yeah, remember our old friend Kim had that exact style. I wonder how she is anyway. She probably doesn't remember that we were the same five guys she once knew." They stepped into the kitchen and JC bumped into her. "MOM! There's a girl in here! Get security before more come!" "There's no need JC. You guys were just talking about me in the hall anyway." Their eyes grew wide as she spoke. "KIM?" "Yeah?" "I can't believe it's you! You look so much different!" JC pulled her into a big bear hug. Soon all five guys were in a huge group hug. "How are you?" "Great now!" "Oh shit!" "What Justin?" "We forgot to say goodbye to you before we left for Orlando years ago!" "Yeah, I got over it soon." "Hey, haven't you been the girl that's been at every single event in the US that we've done?" "That was me." "Do you still sing and dance?" "Yeah." "Guys, let's go up to my room with Kim, like old times." "Cool." They walked up the creaking stairs talking and laughing like the close friends they were. The old woman smiled as she stood in the open doorway at the bottom of the stairs. Her eyes went misty as all of the old memories of those same kids, now young adults, clobbered noisily up those stairs, pushing and shoving from jokes and comments, came flooding back. As that young woman talked with her long lost friends, the look of long sorrow left her face, leaving a look of renewed happiness and youth from years past. Her smile turned from forced to natural. Her fake and sarcastic laughter changed to outbursts of giggles and peals of ringing laughter. Her eyes that were dull from past tears cried and empty from sadness were once again glittering with tears of joy and mirth and full with a happy spirit. Her tone of voice wasn't sorrowful and depressed, it was full of happy memories and old jokes, forgotten songs and abandoned sayings. After every other word a smile graced her face, lighting it up so it almost was shining with joy and pride. "So, what every did you do after JC and I left?" "Well, I got on not only National Junior Honor Society the rest of the years I was eligible, but National Honor Society, and I went to college. So, really nothing much happened." Kim dropped down on the edge of the bed. The room was filled with music awards and instruments. JC sat next to her and leaned against the headboard. "Well, you know everything that's gone on with us." "I love your new CD! I can't stop listening to it. It brings back so many memories." Her eyes glistened with unshed tears. "Hey guys, let's play truth or dare, for old times sake." Kim shot Justin an evil glare. She remembered the things they tried to get her to do. "Please Kim?" She sighed as JC gave her puppy dog eyes that he knew she could not resist. She grinned. "Alright,