Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ It was over. The war that had claimed so much of Harry's life, passion, and energy was over. He almost didn't know how to feel. Before he could do anything, however, there were certain things that needed tended to. Harry left the Great Hall, ignoring everyone who tried to hug him, praise him, or tearfully thank him. Ron and Hermione looked at him questioningly, but he declined them with a slight shake of his head. They understood immediately that this was something he would have to do alone. Harry dodged Nearly Headless Nick, who, for the first time, wasn't upset when his wobbly head fell off his shoulders, and finally made it into the Entrance Hall. He'd already repaired his holly and phoenix feather wand but clutched the Elder Wand tightly. It was time to start putting the past behind him. He walked outside, burying his hands in his robe pockets and making a beeline for Dumbledore's tomb. It was cold and dark, which was soothing after everything he'd been through. Rather than shrieks and burning, it was calm and quiet. Once Harry reached the cool white marble, he didn't delay. Whispering a spell to open the top, Harry took the Elder Wand and returned it to Dumbledore's grasp, who was so still and calm in death he might have been sleeping. Though the implications were peaceful, Harry felt unbearably sad. Now, more than ever, he was alone. His parents and Sirius were already gone, but in the Final Battle, Tonks, Remus, Fred, and countless others had fallen as well. On top of that, Ron and Hermione's relationship seemed inevitable. They'd been dancing around each other for far too long, but still he worried that he'd become an inconvenience and that the friendship they'd built would never be easy again. His task completed, Harry retreated from the tomb and sat with his back against one of the tall trees in the clearing. Maybe sitting here long enough would complete the task that Voldemort started almost eighteen years ago. Now that his purpose was complete, what else was there? "Potter?" ventured a soft voice. Harry sprang to his feet, drawing his wand instinctively. He must have been far deeper in thought then he'd realized if someone had been able to sneak up on him like that. "Who's there?" he croaked, nonverbally lighting his wand and brandishing it wildly. "Calm down, Potter," the voice sniped. "You're going to take my eye out. What kind of wizard are you? Treating a wand that way, honestly ." There was only one person who would still be willing to insult him not even an hour after he'd defeated Lord Voldemort. Harry lifted his wand to confirm his suspicion and, unfortunately, was dead on. His nighttime visitor was Malfoy, as pale and pointed as ever, though even in the wandlight Harry could tell how emaciated his former rival really was. "What do you want, Malfoy," he snarled, lowering his wand again in an attempt to project a nonchalant aura. "What makes you think I want anything at all, dear Chosen One ?" Malfoy spat out the last two words like they had personally offended him. "Oh, I don't know," hissed Harry, "Maybe because you've followed me out to Dumbledore's grave? I know you're not out here to mourn; it's not like you gave a buggering shit about him." Malfoy's face twisted. "Now, now, Potter," he said slowly, "Try not to think so hard. It's difficult to make assumptions about things you know nothing about." "What are you talking about?" Harry asked disbelievingly. "I know you, Malfoy." Malfoy narrowed his eyes and loudly snorted, before concluding, "Like I said, you know nothing, Potter." Sufficiently goaded, Harry demanded, "Fine then, Malfoy, why don't you enlighten me? I know you want something, or you wouldn't be here. Want to ask me to testify at your trial? Fine. I'll even throw your mother's in for good measure. Now leave me alone." He seemed to have touched a nerve. Malfoy's face closed, and he breathed, " Potter , you ask me to enlighten you and then continue judging why I'm here? Make up your mind, Savior , as they're calling you now. One or the other." Through gritted teeth, Harry relented. "I'll listen." Malfoy seemed satisfied. He walked towards Harry, who stiffened, before gracefully lowering himself down and leaning against the tree next to Harry's. "Sit, Potter." It was bizarre to hear Malfoy extending an invitation, rather than spitting a command, but even more disturbing was that Malfoy had injected no malice or sneer in his words. He almost sounded friendly . Harry returned to his spot against the tree, drawing his knees up tightly against his chest. Malfoy waited for him to respond, but Harry stayed quiet. Now that they were sitting rather companionably, Malfoy seemed almost at a loss for words. After a few minutes of silence, Malfoy sighed. "Potter, I didn't hate Dumbledore. Had it not been for his blatant displays of favoritism, I might've even liked him." Harry rested his hands on his knees and his head on his hands, turning to regard Malfoy skeptically. "Right, then why didn't you take the out when he offered it? On the night he died." The "when you helped to kill him" was left unsaid. "You were there that night?" Malfoy met Harry's eyes, surprised. "Of course you were. I swear, Potter…" he trailed off. "I didn't take the out , if you must know, because I thought I was already too far gone. In addition, my father wouldn't have accepted it. He would have disowned me." "What changed?" Harry asked, honestly curious. "Voldemort and the other Death Eaters spending the past year at the Manor," Malfoy said. "You – well, maybe only you – would be able to comprehend the horrors, the things they had me do. I don't quite know how to live with myself now that it's over." He even sounds sincere, thought Harry. Still a little peeved, Harry asked, "Has your father offered any suggestions?" A second later, he regretted it. Even for Malfoy, that seemed a little cruel. Instead of being hurt, Malfoy's face shone. "I'm glad my father is alive, but I'll be making my own decisions from now on. That's why I'm here, Potter." Harry's eyebrows shot up. "Even if he disowns you? Since you were so concerned before." Malfoy laughed, a real laugh, and Harry's heart quite strangely lifted at the sound. "Potter, it would be a blessing to leave my name behind. I'm sure you can work out why. Anyway, he wouldn't do that now, not after his path royally screwed us all." Nodding sympathetically, Harry took a moment to reflect on the oddness of this situation. Sitting by Dumbledore's tomb in the aftermath of the Final Battle, having a heart to heart with Draco Malfoy? He would have never imagined it happening in a million years. "I realized how troubling our Pureblood views really were during the height of Voldemort's reign over my house. I honestly wanted to do more after you were captured, but couldn't without them knowing my heart wasn't in it." "You managed to save my life," Harry pointed out, raising his head back up and shifting so his body was facing Malfoy. "If you'd identified me, things could have gone a hell of a lot differently." "Still," said Malfoy, carding a hand through his perfect blonde hair. "I want to make reparations. And to…." He trailed off again, almost as if the words would not come off of his tongue. Harry looked at him confusedly, unable to imagine what was coming next. With a face that suggested he might be sick, Malfoy sniffed, "Thank you, Potter. For saving me – er, us – from him ." Harry simply gawked at him. Of the most unlikely, improbable things that Malfoy was likely to do, thanking him had to be in the top ten. "It might be a bit selfish, I know," continued Malfoy, his pointed face back to neutral, "But I didn't only come out here to apologize. I want us to start over." He extended his hand in a throwback to the moment when they were eleven and the world was different, and Harry could only stare in stunned silence. After a long moment, Malfoy's face looked just the slightest bit hurt, and he started to withdraw his hand. It wasn't logical, nor did the git deserve it, but in a moment of impulsiveness Harry thrust out his own hand and grabbed Malfoy's. They shook for a few seconds, and immediately both felt more at ease. Harry stood up then, and after a second to consider, reached down the same hand to Malfoy, who grasped it, and helped pull him up. Now that the moment was over, it was hard to know exactly what to say to Malfoy. "Ready to go back to the castle?" he finally asked. Malfoy nodded, and the two set off across the grounds. Harry reflected how fitting it was that he had chosen to give Malfoy a second chance at the foot of Dumbledore's grave, who had always advocated for the good in everyone. "Potter," said Malfoy suddenly. "About your elf – Dobby. I regret what happened." Harry closed his eyes. "Me too, Malfoy. They shared a quick glance before walking up to the castle doors, and Malfoy reached out to pull on the handle. Before his hand made contact, Harry slapped it away. Malfoy looked up in surprise. "I was going to testify for you and your mother anyway," he blurted out. "Anyway, I'm glad you've thought about some things." Malfoy met his eyes again, and Harry could see the gratitude and the desire for forgiveness reflected in the grey irises. Malfoy had quite expressive eyes, he noticed, ones he could almost get lost in. He blinked to break the spell. This time, Harry reached out to open the doors, and they parted ways once safely back inside the castle. εїз Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ εїз Draco had worried about the inevitable trial ever since he'd first realized the certainty of Voldemort's downfall. Fortunately, he knew the Golden Boy would keep his word. Harry Potter was nothing if not noble and honest. With Harry's testimony, he and his mother were sentenced to community service and a fine and the Malfoy vaults retained most of their fortune. His father wasn't so lucky. Lucius received a fifteen year sentence in Azkaban, but Draco couldn't bring himself to feel pity. His actions enabled the Dark Lord to return to full force in the first place, and he'd pressured Draco into taking the Dark Mark. For that, Draco would never forgive him. The Ministry gave the two free Malfoys a short list of approved places where they could complete their several hours of community service. Narcissa chose the London Gardens while Draco decided to start at Hogwarts. Before the school could be re-opened, major renovations were necessary. After Harry's testimony, the Minister of Magic himself declared Draco would be cleared to attend Hogwarts to finish his education, also noting he could complete the volunteer hours at his own pace during the academic year. That's exactly what Draco had been hoping for. Securing any kind of employment was impossible without stellar NEWTs, especially as a former Death Eater. Bright and early on Monday morning after the trial, Draco prepared for work. Clearly there was a first for everything. Draco tried to be enthusiastic but failed, so there was only one thing left to do: channel his inner Potter. He Transfigured one of his father's old robes into a set of muggle jeans and a black T-shirt, hoping his efforts went unnoticed. Draco dreaded meeting his former classmates at Hogwarts who would no doubt delight in witnessing the downfall of the Malfoys. He Disapparated from the Manor, aiming for the school's outer gates. Unfortunately, several of the other volunteers had the same idea. Draco slammed into a couple