For the second time on our visit the waves crash over the side of the boat. It's my father's boat; old, off-white and wooden. It's stable, and I enjoy coming here in it almost as much as my father does. "Whoa whoa WHOA," my brother exclaims. He's younger than me by two years, and being fifteen, prone to seasickness, and having a flair for dramatics, he's not the best company out on rocky waters. But I like it. And if he'll accept on conditions, I don't mind listening to him complain every so often. He may be dramatic, but he's not very creative; his conditions don't bother me much. "Don't worry," I say. I'm not confident, but I'm okay with steering. He seems to see me falter while trying to navigate and he gapes at me. "I said don't worry. I've got this." I might not, but he believes me. He sits back and nibbles on his sandwich, which I made him before I left to act as a pacifier – sometimes it works. He doesn't talk for a minute, and then he perks up. "What time is it?" "I don't have a clock," I tell him. "Well, we might be late," he says nervously. The peacekeepers are wary about letting us out here, especially so late in the afternoon. There are white ropes set out, not so far but not so near to shore, and if we cross, I'm sure there will be massive consequences. I don't see why the peacekeepers wouldn't take whatever chance they get to punish us. I look under the sun. "We're miles away." "In two minutes, with your steering, we'll cross the border," my brother says. He's wearing tinted glasses, and the sun made me squint. "Okay," I say. I look out there still, eyes-narrowed, wondering how easy it would be to escape. I wonder if anybody has tried, or if anybody will in my lifetime. A whistle blows. "Okay," I say again. "Let's go. I'm hungry anyway." The second warning whistle just blows as I'm nearing, and my brother sighs. We made it. No peacekeepers on our case. Well, except Eren. "Almost," Eren says as my brother and I step out of the boat, hauling our bags and coats with us. It was cold when we set out, but like always here, it grew sunnier and warmer, just how I like it. Late afternoon in Four is always my favourite. "Not really," I say, raising an eyebrow. "I had to blow the whistle twice," Eren says. He's a little older than I am, with dusty blond hair, slightly curved eyes and a permanent scowl. He's grumpy, and we tease him a lot, my brother and me. I look out to the sea. As always, it's inviting, more beautiful than anything I've ever seen, with all my favourite colours combined, and I want to dive in. There are no other boats out there now we've left, except docked and further away on the other side of the district, nearer Victor's Village. If I walked on the beach for a few miles, I could see the mansions, the restaurants and bars, and the fishermen. It's so lively down there, but lovely here. I stay put. I may go swimming soon, when the sun starts to set and the faint sound of music from the open restaurants near the Village starts to play. I never know the words, but the brilliance of Four's musicians is incomprehensible; sometimes I float on my back and watch the stars appear as somebody, maybe the victor Ron, starts a fantastic chorus. Now, when I look back at Eren, I see he's looking at me like he knows what I'm thinking. "I'm not monitoring you tonight," he huffs. "There's a party down there." He points to the further beach, the Village beach. "A party?" my brother asks, scratching his head. "So close to the reaping?" Eren smiles. "Well, some of us don't have to worry, do we? Now go. You're bothering me." I smile back as my brother and I go to leave. Eren gives me a look, like, I'm watching you. I don't doubt he is. Maybe tonight I'll swim down there, pay him a visit. I'm sure he'd love that just as much as the other victors. "Blunt," my brother says. Our house isn't far from here, but we still have to pass the shack. It's the local hangout for kids our age. In fact, some kids from my school are sitting at the bar with smoothies in front of them in radiant colours, and they look happy and relaxed. I can see Will amongst them. His eyes betray him. He's scared, like most people our age are. Only, we have volunteers. People train for this very reason. Next to Will, one of the older kids sits, laughing loudly. He's one of the charming boys. Will told me a while back that something was going on with their group. A week later he came into school with a bruised cheek. He'd found them training with real weapons, using handmade dummies and targets. Four of them. The older boys, the ones who will probably have a legacy in our school. Out of them I only know Jesse, and that's because his father works with mine. Jesse didn't hit Will, but one of them did. Swore if he told they'd beat him more, leaving him cold, maybe. As I pass the shack I wonder if one of them will volunteer. As I pass Will's mother's candy shop I wonder if I'm hoping one of them will. ... When we get home my brother throws down his bag and swears I'm reckless. My mother clips his ear for his language using the clean end of her wooden spoon. With the other end she lets me taste the soup she's making. I pull myself onto the counter and listen to my brother exaggerate a tale of today to my father, who sits at our small table with an amused expression. "She almost made us topple over," he says, earning an eye roll from my mother. She looks like him, so similar I wonder if he has any of our father in him. His humour, maybe. And his ability to roll off bad things, like the time Jesse chipped his tooth for telling on him for drinking liquor at fourteen. Those sorts of bad things. My mother hands my brother a knife and says, "Start on the onions. And while you're at it, cut the story, too. Your father was telling me about work." My brother would be an idiot to disobey my mother, so he spends the next ten minutes chopping fresh onions while my father retells something about Jesse's father and their new boat and their catches. They're a great team. "I saw two fish today," my brother says, slipping a slice of onion into his mouth. Maybe that's something else he has in common with my father – his disgusting habits. "Only two?" I tease. I saw plenty, of course. "Big ones." My brother gives me a look. "So Capitol size?" my mother says, not facing any of us. It's rarely spoken about in Four, but it's true. On our markets in town, we get small types of fish. The Capitol, they get the big ones, the fancy ones that would cost a lot to display and distribute. It's not bad though, because we still get the catches they don't want, and any we slip past them. I think of slipping past Eren with a stomach sized fish under my shirt and smile. "Party tonight," my father says minutes later and sits up straight. "Down in the Village. Hard to believe it's so close." My mother gives him a look, and I know what's she's talking about. In our house we don't talk about the reaping. There's not much else to talk about, though. My father stretches, my mother cooks and my brother and I fling onion skins at each other until my father says, "We saw you today." "Did you?" I say. I'm surprised. A fisherman never pays attention to other boats, lest he welcome a distraction and a chance for somebody to steal one or two of their catches. "You're getting better," he says, smiling. My father looks like me. Or I look like him, with dark hair and green eyes. His hair is almost black now, and he has crinkles by his eyes. He has calloused hands, rough, a signature of his work. I smile back. A few lazy moments pass, and the doorbell rings. My mother points her spoon. "Annie." I point my foot. "Lucas." "Dad," my brother says, yawning. My father goes to stand, but my mother holds up her hand. "I saw Will walk down the beach. It can't be anyone else." I hop off the countertop quickly, and my brother jabs my side when I walk out of the kitchen. I curse at him, and my mother yells as my father laughs. I'm not embarrassed of Will hearing. He's about as used to it as I am. I open the door and lean against the post. "Missed me that much?" Will looks happier than when I saw him a half hour ago. He's still wearing his gray shorts and white shirt, and his eyes are lit up. "More," he says. "And more than that." "All right," I say. "Enough with the flattery." Will gestures inside. "Busy?" "Only dinner," I tell him. "Joining?" Will and I have an easy friendship, moulded together by our families after generations. Our children may be the same, using the other's showers when their hot water goes, borrowing sugar for cookies, preparing for the Hunger Games. The usual friendly stuff. "Can't," he says. "I have to get ready for this party." "Party?" I say. It clicks. "You're going to the party tonight, down by the Village? With Eren and Jesse?" I don't doubt Jesse will go, or his friends. His cousin won the Hunger Games some time ago. "No," he says. "With Paddy and Marina." I like them a lot more than Jesse, but the party unsettles me. It seems insensitive. "Okay," I say slowly. I itch my nose. A bird sings. My mother, inside, chastises my brother for putting his used spoon back in the pot of soup. Will doesn't say anything. "So what are you saying?" I finally ask. "You're our friend," he says. "We want you to come. You've been... tense lately." I disagree, but I wonder why he blames me anyway. It's the reaping tomorrow. "I'm okay," I say tersely. "I'm not really a party girl." Will half-smiles. "It's not so much a party. A get together. We want to see each other before..." Before the reaping. I get it. Paddy is eighteen, it's his last shot. I think he wants to volunteer, although I haven't spoken to him much lately. He's been busy. (Busy training, but Will made me swear not to tell anybody.) I look back into my house. If my dad knows, he may find out if I go. On the other hand, sometimes I think my family trust Will more than they trust me. I turn back and nod. "What?" Will says. "Really?" "Pick me up," I sigh. Will waits a moment. Then he smiles, and nods. "Okay. Seven?" He begins stepping back, still facing me. I shrug. I don't care. I just want to see my friends. "See you, then," he says, waving. He picks up a jog and I watch him leave, kicking sand up behind him even though he runs on cobbles. I go back into the house and take a deep breath through my nose. A party. Before reaping. Or a get together, whatever Will wants to call it. My mother, father and brother all poke their heads out of the kitchen door. My brother wears a stupid grin. "Okay?" my father says. "Of course," I say. "Soup?"