Chapter 1: Realisations 'And so it was that I found myself sitting under an arbitrary tree pondering my next path when all of a sudden an idea hit me as if from a great apple above. Before I knew it that idea had wrapped its insatiable arms around my curious mind and threatened to engulf me entirely. So powerful was its potential and so overwhelming were its consequences, I had little choice but to embrace my new idea. And so I did, and that was the beginning of the rest of my life, or indeed the beginning of something that the four of us could only hope would become so much more than we could ever imagine'. Translation to English from the diary of Godric Gryffindor. Silent suffering could make you go insane. If there was one thing Harry Potter realised after the past 48hours, it was that. With the sound of the ominously swaying swings providing the theme to his monotonous thoughts Harry lay on grass in the park near his aunt and uncle's house going over and over again those moments that he knew would haunt him for the rest of his life. Tear tracks down his face had dried the skin underneath and he could feel he was bordering on dehydration, but after losing someone you love, such trivialities were the last thing on your mind. Nearly two days ago he had foolishly led his friends to the Department of Mysteries in a ridiculous plan to save his godfather. In the process he managed to get his companions, whose only crime was loyalty, severely injured and had gotten his last living chance at a real family and perhaps even happiness, killed. Sirius, his lost godfather: it hurt to think of him in the past tense. No longer would Harry get to pursue those dreams of being happy with the father figure he had always wanted. Things seemed so close; so close he could almost shut his eyes and envision that alternate pathway that lead to a house in the countryside with a Quidditch pitch and peaceful green grasses stretching for miles around just for him and his Godfather. And yet now, sitting in the sun-scorched yellow grass of the park hearing only the clatter of rusty metal under the ever darkening clouds with no other human contact in sight he had never felt so alone. Such a calamitous departure from the imagined harmony of a life he could have lived. To top it all off he now knew without a doubt why all of this had happened; why it was him who was always targeted, why he had been marked and pursued by the darkest of the dark since even before he was born. Voldemort, The Dark Lord, had so relentlessly pursued Harry because of a leaked prophecy pronouncing either him or his friend Neville as Voldemort's equal. Harry had been the unlucky one. Although given the nature of Neville's parents' health, he would say that neither of the boys had really experienced their fair share of luck so far. Dumbledore, Harry's trusted Headmaster, had taken him back to his office after the incident and broken his dishearteningly long silence in light of everything that had happened. He explained why he felt he needed to avoid Harry that year; why he had to learn Occlumency, and from Snape no less; why he had to live with his relatives; and most importantly why Voldermort was pursued him so desperately. Dumbledore had laid it on thick and Harry had responded by expressing his feelings, namely his frustrations, on the objects in his Headmaster's office. Harry had been kept in the dark for far too long and combining this with his own credulousness had caused him to venture off unprepared into certain danger. It was only by the skin of their teeth that he and his friends had somehow survived. Given this and everything that had happened last year as well as all that he'd now been told, Harry had come to the crushing realisation that Voldemort was until either of their dying breaths wholly his problem. And if he was honest with himself, particularly given the display of power he'd seen the other night by his nemesis, he was laughably underprepared. And why was this a problem? Harry thought, "Because in the end, it will come down to me against him," he whispered, "as it always has". And then Harry paused, as perhaps the most profoundly potent and equally disturbing thought occurred to him, 'and always will'. Harry paused for a second while his brain caught up. The full impact of that understanding took a few moments to come to fruition in Harry's mind, but once it had it hit him like a raging high speed train. There will never be an end for him: ever. Even if by some miracle Harry could defeat Voldemort, end the prophecy, save the people who he still had left and find the peace he so desperately craved, it would never truly be over. Just as Dumbledore, supposedly the world's greatest wizard, had defeated Grindelwald so to now had he been sought out and engaged by Voldemort. You simply can't take out the greatest dark wizard of an age and not expect there to be consequences, harry thought. Who would the next aspiring dark lord look to target but the person who usurped and bested his predecessor? It was with that sinking realisation that Harry's chest which had felt as heavy as lead only seconds ago, released a breath he hadn't realised he'd been holding. He slowly stopped panting and began to visibly relax, taking a look at his surroundings as if for the first time. On his next intake of breath the fresh air coursed down his throat and into his lungs, invigorating him and bringing a sad but inspirited smile to his face. That was the first breathe of rest of his life, and he knew it down to his core. The tingling through to his fingers and down his spine all but confirmed it and as if it knew, the sun poked its ever welcome head through the clouds for a few moments only, lighting up the playground and the surrounding fields. Sitting up, Harry exhaled so intently and simply listened to the thrum of his heart as it bounced anticipatorily to his new chain of life, where moments before had seemed akin to a chaotic ride from a hippogriff, was now so clear to him. The fog of the future's path had shifted to that of a strange certainty. There was only one path now; no matter who he saved, who he made friends with, fell in love with or what he did for a living his life would always lead towards defending those who were under attack from the brutalities of those who sought to abuse. He was that person through and through and as such would never stop, even after Voldemort was gone, protecting those who couldn't protect themselves. If the prophecy hadn't demanded it, it was likely his life probably would have. He couldn't stand to see those who were innocent being hurt and while he knew this before the prophecy and all its far-reaching consequences- until long after its potential fulfilment- knowing its contents now all but confirmed it. Whereas before Harry knew only that he was being sought but not why, with this new information and thus glowing realisation, he now felt oddly free; like he was finally able to make sense of a life-long riddle that had been staring him in the face for so long. It was so clear: what he had to do, what his responsibility was. Being honest with himself, he felt so relieved to finally know this. Now that he could see the grass on the other side and the reasons behind everything, he knew that surviving this ordeal, as he was trying to do currently, was never going to work. The only way forward was to live, and fight, and teach those who couldn't to defend themselves. He couldn't carry on merely getting by in class, and messing around whenever he wanted as if someone else would deal with this: as if it was someone else's problem, which he knew now more than ever it wasn't. That's how things had led to the nightmare that was the Department of Mysteries. Never again Harry resolved. No more feelings of helplessness, Harry said to himself. And if Dumbledore and the Order weren't going to do anything to help, then he would do what he had to, to make it happen for himself. As clear and vivid as this realisation was he knew not how he would accomplish this or what challenges necessarily lay ahead, but he knew for certain that he would face them head on and challenge himself to be the best he could possibly be, because quite frankly, he owed it to those who had sacrificed everything so that he could have something. His mother's and father's and finally Sirius' images flicked through his mind, and taking a conscious look up at the still partially sunlit clouds and shedding one last tear for his lost life Harry uttered the most meaningful set of words he had ever spoken, "thank you, this is for you now". Resting his thoughts for a few seconds Harry drank in these few moments and committed them to memory; he didn't know how important this moment would be in the future, but he had a strange suspicion that it would turn out to be one of the most important of his life. As the clouds fused again draining away the light, Harry turned to see his cousin and his troupe: Piers, Simon and Dwayne, swaggering towards the park attempting to look cool with a stranded young kid caught in the middle of them. Being on the other side of the park, harry knew they hadn't seen him yet, and even if they had Harry figured they wouldn't have cared anyway, after all who was he to hinder them. Harry watched as the gang entered the park and pushed the kid into the muddy patch left over from last night's rain. Ah so that's why they had come here, to torment this kid by covering him in mud , Harry thought. Clearly scared, the kid didn't put up much of a resistance but then against such brutes sporting as much gigantic proportions as, particularly Dudley, and his gang represented, who could blame him. By no means was Harry ever a violent or aggressive child, but here in the park near his relatives home, which had been the setting for so much of his childhood anguish, he looked at the poor kid with worn glasses and scruffy clothes caught in the mud and new that right now he needed to act. And if that meant being violent then that's what Harry would have to do. He could not ignore this kid's plight as others had his. Seeing the kid's frightened face as he begged them to stop was enough to get Harry's blood boiling and before Harry even knew what he was doing, he was stalking towards them with a white hot rage burning his eyes. 'Never again' was his only thought. Being too focused on humiliating the kid and laughing about it, none of the witless boys saw him coming. With the wind at his back and new determination in his eyes Harry shook off his currently weak physical state, ran the last few steps, jumped into the air and kicked Dudley square in the back with such force Harry thought he heard the snapping of bone. Before Harry could brace himself he fell to the floor, but from the impact of his feet on Dudley's back he was willing to bet that his cousin had felt it more than him. Getting quickly to his feet, Harry could tell the rest of the gang were