Title: As Long as You Love Me Author: imaginary_witness Pairings: Elrond X Legolas Ratings: PG Warnings: None. Homosexual pairings. Genre: Angst, Drama, Fantasy, Hurt/Comfort, Romance, Songfic. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters in this story: living (or passed) human beings or fictional characters. These events never happened, according to history or as the original author intended them. This is a work of fiction and is not intended to offend. For entertainment purposes only. Thanks. Author's Notes: Originally a songfic. Dialogue altered to fit fanfiction-net's rules. Reviews welcome. I tucked a lock of stray hair behind my pointed ear, my finger briefly caressing the soft tip as I did so. The wind and journey had my hair falling out of its loose braid and I was glad for the hair that swayed across my back. As much as I felt exhilarated and awed to journey once more, I missed my open hair and flowing robes. Erestor smirked at me as we paused before the tall trees. "Tired, Lord Elrond?" he jested. "Not at all." I replied with a grin of my own. It was Erestor's idea that we travelled to Mirkwood. We rode until the Misty Mountains, then continued on foot. It was pleasant to keep pace and tread ground, pleasant save for the lack of conversations we would sometimes have. The sound of feet and earth unnerved me after some time, and brought back painful memories. Still, Erestor's idea when the message came that Thranduil wanted advice on the controlling evil loose in his forest was a welcomed one. And now here we are, on the outskirts of the great forest of Mirkwood some days later. Taking a glance at the forest, I sighed and loosely brushed my fingers through my hair, before complicatedly braiding it together in a battle style. Something in the way the branches twitched and bounced lightly unnerved me. Erestor felt it too. But he smirked and bowed, gesturing me to go first. I rolled my eyes and exhaled in defeat, taking the first few steps into the trees. Unnerved by the darkness and the sounds of the woods, we stayed close together and exchanged comments quietly. A bird flew suddenly off a branch and I drew my sword in surprise. Erestor screamed at the same time and we both laughed shakily at ourselves and each other as we continued, I sheathed my sword. It was long and even darker when we decided to rest. We must've gone quite deep into the woods, passing perhaps the mid-way mark. Erestor lay down on his cloak and I let him close his eyes first. The youngster drained his energy in mocking me and easing the tension of the forest. I nibbled on a piece of cheese I had in my pack, and watched over Erestor. It was then I heard the singing. It sounded more like a chant, it's words faintly riding on the wind to reach me. The wind's gusts broke the syllables but still the sentences came clear. The voice carried the words, faintly on the wind. Intrigued, I found myself rising. Branches brushed against me in my numb trance as I wondered a few feet off course to peer through them. A tiny clearing was nestled in between the thick trunks, canopied and obscured for the most part by leafy branches. Through them, I could make out an elf, illuminated by the faint silver moonlight. He had to be an elf! No other being could appear so radiant! He was tall, and lean, slender in figure. His arms were slender and looked feminine but his chest was flat and taunt, obscured by shadows but shyly showing his pale skin. He had long open hair, parted down the middle to curtain off his face chest. He was angelic in every sense of the word, appearing to be dancing in an odd fashion, rolling his shoulders opposite in a forward manner as he leaned his chest forward and back as he pulled his body back. It was a graceful movement, a simple one, but it was informal and seductive, and I wondered what his purpose was. His voice, like silk, broke and stuttered as the wind blew. It seemed he was moving in step with a partner, though no partner was given. I wondered if it was some new, magical way to draw a lover close, and I kept myself alert for abuse. He stopped his rolling movements, swaying his small hips side to side in small, delicate circles, his feet spinning him in a circle of their own. His arms gracefully lifted over his head and drifted in front of his chest, occasionally running down himself to the waist. His lips parted slightly as he sang, his words chosen with care, his eyes skyward. He dug his nails into his chest and pulled down, creating dark lines of anger as he 'broke' himself. He continued his song, dipping himself forwards like a doll, crossing his ankles and suddenly dropping to his knees. He rolled seductively along the grassy floor, arching his back and letting his hair splay out across the greenery. He turned and tossed his body, delicately rolling and swaying on the ground. The moonlight, scattered by the leafy canopy above him, reinforced his words as it illuminated him, casting him in grey shadows to a silver light, finally sparkling the colour of gold from his hair. His lyrics begged, his body gracefully turning over to curl up against his knees. His hair covered his face and his hands wrapped around his slender body. He began moving as when I first caught sight of him. This time on his knees, he circled his shoulders as he leaned forwards and back, all the way moaning, the soft winds breaking his words and echoing them. I found myself intrigued by this lithe being. He had such passion, such a fiery soul, for one so small. Kneeling on the ground begging for love, he bent himself back and swept a wide graceful circle to bring his body back upwards, remaining on his knees. Brushing aside a small branch from my face, I took a step forwards. Snap! Underfoot, a twig had cracked and the elf, dancing still, had turned his eyes in my direction. I cursed my mortalness and tried to back away in the shadows but the elf had raised himself in one of his eerie dance motions and began backing out of the clearing. He stared at my direction, his voice still being carried faintly by the wind as he backed away. The shadows ate my vision and in a moment he was gone. I cursed louder now and walked back to Erestor. My cursing awoke him and he grinned sheepishly at me. "Call of nature?" he asked. I glared. He mistook it as a cranky want of sleep and offered to take watch. I didn't know wither staying awake and thinking of the elf or going to sleep and dreaming of him was worse. In the blink of an eye, I decided I would probably try to find him if I stayed awake and so I let sleep get the better of me and closed my eyes. I yawned as i lay down and hoped. Perhaps I would find it a dream at first light. The light tinted my lids pink and I opened my eyes. I hated how humane my body sometimes reacted, even if elves were shelled too. I never would admit it but I yearned to be free of a body and just be as a soul with a physicality to it, such as most of my friends passed on to be. Erestor had food waiting for my awakening, some fruit and flavored water, and we gathered our packs to arrive, hopefully, at the kingdom of Thranduil's by sun-down. It was hard to tell if we slept in or not, as the forest bended light in a foreign way. We trekked some more, quicker it seemed than yesterday, but that could be because there was less vegetation grabbing hold of us as we passed. I caught myself mumbling the word and tune of the strange elf under my breath, his voice a passionate begging in my head that caused a lump in my throat and burn in my chest. Such a fire had never been kindled in me before. Erestor stayed close and quiet today, I suspected the fear of the elf-king kept him tame. Thranduil had quite the reputation from his visitors - especially the coldness from our dwarven friends. "Lord Elrond?" "Mmh?" I asked, startled. "What are you singing?" I blushed and stammered. "I don't rightfully know," I answered as honest as I could. "I heard it in my dreams." "Then perhaps you may have one of your visions?" Erestor mused, quietly and content. He got me musing too. I had no dream, nor vision, last night. I was blank for the first time in a very long time - even to an elf. It disturbed me, and I felt intruded on. How had my own future been swept under the rug from me? I suppose I still had common knowledge as everyone else lives, knowing the consequences of their options and choosing ones they could live with. I suppose I relied too much on my privileged sense, no wonder I tired easily. The landscape began changing. Slowly at first, than more quickly. The changes were so subtle a person of lesser grace would hardly detect them, but then it became blatantly obvious that such a spirit of light resided here. We came to a smaller footpath and began negotiating the stray branches and roots. Several sounds of life were audible now; breathing, movement, fabric rustling. I suppose the elves stopped and glanced at us before returning to their work from the noises; movement, nothing, more movement. A few gasps, a few sighs, even a few curses. We bowed our heads and continued, arriving to the door of Thranduil uninterrupted. Thranduil was ravishing in his deep crimson cape. It flowed down his back in a heavy waterfall, stopping to drag behind him on his leafy floor. His boots were up the thigh of brown bark and his trousers clung to him as a second skin, dying his legs a darker brown. His chest was bare and chiseled, his orange hair half braided to expose his soft, pink nipples. He wore a sneer and his narrow green eyes brightened as we entered. "Ah, my my! What a surprise!" he exclaimed, opening his arms and raising them in bravado. "King Thranduil! What an honor!" I replied, making a show of his nobility in front of his audience. I bowed on my knee and Erestor copied, staying a hairs length behind me. "Come Elrond!" he lifted me up. "Be not so silly! Have you eaten? It's past dinner!" he grabbed Erestor's arm and raised him as well, throwing a massive arm around both our shoulders and leading us to a room with a long table in the center. We gathered around the more elite side and he called upon some elves to bring us some dishes. We dined on bread and wine, cheeses, leaves and fruit. There was no meats but there were pitchers of tree sap and water reeds that we found enjoyable. He watched as we ate hungrily and shared some very brief conversation, telling us a tale or two or Gandalf's latest visit to him and how the forest has grown. We responded as best we could, our days' journey had famished us and being at a table brought the pair of us much delight. The candlelight glinted off Thranduil's golden crown and we spoke briefly on his change for the day from berry to metal, for the hunting party he earlier attended. Erestor stayed mostly silent, giving prayer and thanks to Thranduil and the hospitality. Thanduil rose and peered out a window, muttering about time. He called a servant