Title: Feet Author: imaginary_witness Pairings: Elrond X Legolas Ratings: PG13 (for references to nudity, sexual actions and kissing) Warnings: None. Homosexual pairing. Genre: Action, Fluff, Humor, Romance. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters in this story: living (or passed) human beings or fictional characters. These events never happened, according to history or as the original author intended them. This is a work of fiction and is not intended to offend. For entertainment purposes only. Thanks. Author's Notes: Originally posted on a different fan-site. Reviews are always welcome. Story Notes: Translations for the Elvish phrases and words used in this fic are posted at the bottom, but they are also in brackets beside the Elvish dialogue as well. *Edited July 2017* The Misty Mountains began to fade in the twilight of the evening. One of my companions built a small fire and sat tending it, another to our horses. We were a small group, me and two guards traveling from Mirkwood, and only stopped because they insisted. "Imladris is within a day's journey!" I protested. "You travelled non-stop since we left. I will not have you appear in Rivendell ready to fall on your face." I opened my mouth to protest when the guard's companion added, "It's your father's orders." "My father's..." I let it hang, afraid my swearing would reach home to the king of the Woodelves' pointy ears. He was indeed ordering. "We cannot linger near the mountains!" I complained, but sat by the fire. The rather young, honest guard, and friendly one, Elenea, rummaged about his saddle bag for wheybread off in the shadows. Suddenly the air was buzzing with voices from afar. Picking up the sounds before my companion, I stood and began looking for the source. A few leagues out, a group of goblins carrying torches and weaponry were running and leaping towards us, clicking and shrieking their battle cries. "Goblins!" I warned. The air around us rained arrows, bent and makeshift, and we took cover in the nearby trees. As soon as they entered our range, arrows of our own met our targets with deadly precision. The exercise made my arms burn and I mentally noted just how much the journey without rest had cost me. Still, I was easily the best archer out of us three. As their army shrank and either fell or turned away, I felt a smile creep upon my face. It felt wonderful to drop enemies once more! We were near celebrating, my companion Astalder, the rather stubborn one, obviously thinking of entering Imladris with a story to brag on, when Elenea cried out. "A'!" he called as an Orc jumped him from behind. Flipping out my daggers, I spun them on my wrists to slash Elenea free from his strangle-hold. "Ta naa neuma! (It is a trap!)" I cried to Astalder, and the three of us continued battling on. Kicking, swinging, flipping, stabbing and constantly blocking. Under the cover of darkness, these fell creatures poured from the trees and grunting and snorting, insisted on slashing and hacking as much of us as they could. "Ta naa neuma! (It is a trap!)" I cried, black blood flying and grunts sounding in the night. I forced my feet to move faster, my heavy arms to lift higher, swing wider. My feet danced lithely beneath me, my eyes taking in a blurred surrounding flashing with orcs. My two guards stayed together, back to back, as I swept around them, taking down as many as I could. This was ambush! There seemed little chance of three Elves escaping the flood of orcs, even if we got harmed. Thinking those thoughts forced myself to push harder, act faster. I managed to cut a small circle clear around me, giving me time to assess our situation. There seemed to be less of them, and the rumbling of the ground seemed to quiet slightly. They must be thinning. The other's sensed this too. They were no longer back to back, but side to side, fighting against a small wall of orcs. The orcs, finding an advantage, began to spread out, their numbers circling to attack from behind. I realized they must've thought I failed or fled off to fight their ranks elsewhere. "Caela ie'lle! (Have at thee!)" I cried, jumping to the aide of my friends. Forming a triangle, we pressed our own advantage, eventually spreading out, widening out territory. I brought my blade down through the arm of another, as I flipped the second to catch the throat of my foe. I turned, my eyes searching for enemies when I saw one of the orcs, bigger than the rest, pulling back an arrow in a short, twisted bow. It was bending back sharply, dangerously close to release. "No!" I shouted, jumping in front of Elenea. The whizz of an arrow, the thump of it meeting flesh and then sickening squish it made as it pierced. Pain flashed through me, growing quickly and causing my eyes to tear up. Elenea turned around, his shoulder bleeding from the arrow. The wound was deep and he turned to face me, eyes wide in fear. The arrow that pierced his shoulder rested in me, pierced straight through my shoulder to still injured him. I kept my mouth in a tight line as I turned. Another arrow met the bow but I threw my knife to cut the string. Glaring and snorting intimidatingly, the Orc pulled out his sword. I wasted no time in switching my second blade from injure to safe arm. Circling, we began the dance of death, blood flowing from my wound marking our steps. Only one would walk away from this. Tears blurred my vision and I blinked them away, knowing full well how my kin would take them. "For Legolas!" Astalder called. And over the orc's shoulder I saw my two guards release their arrows, piercing straight through both of his eyes. My own went wide in shock and fear for a second, before I rushed to hug them both. "Legolas! I am so sorry! My foolishness cost you so much!" Astalder began. "It's okay, I'm alright," I began. Suddenly I felt light-headed. The world blurred as my vision changed, showing me the tree tops, the brightening sky and then blackness. A numbness filled my shoulder and I felt a foaming vomit rise up my throat. "Legolas!" "The arrow," "must've been" "go now!" I heard small pieces of blurred voices, beginning to sound rather stretched out and over-pronounced. A cool sensation filled my mind and then I was swept under the blackness. It was bright. I kept my eyes closed. The intensity of the bright lights hurt too much to open them. "You must go back." "Go?" I thought, puzzled. "But I've only just arrived." "You are needed elsewhere Legolas. Your time will come," "You sound familiar," I thought. "but it is not now. You have much promise, young Elf. You mission is not yet over and your journey has yet to begin." "I don't understand. What journey?" "When legend becomes myth, and myth to mystery, you shall be needed. Until then, find love." I could feel a straining. Behind me, faintly, I could hear a new voice calling my name. "Go!" the familiar voice beckoned me. "Gil-galad!" I randomly blurted. My eyes fighting to see him. I didn't know how I knew it was him, I just did. "Do not open your eyes - or there is no going back." "Legolas," I heard behind me, louder now. "Go." I felt like I was slipping away. Dissolving. It didn't hurt but it wasn't a pleasant thought. The light increased and I found myself scrunching my eyes tightly shut to keep it out. The white intensity rushing by. It was bright. I kept my eyes closed. The intensity of the bright lights hurt too much to open them. Behind my lids, the white tinted red with blood flow. I felt myself scrunching my eyes shut tightly shut to keep the light out. "He must be waking!" I heard a familiar voice cry. It must've been Elenea, he sounded excited as a young Elf would. And thankful. They must've been so worried. I felt a warm hand caress my forehead. Surprise sent waves through me! The hand felt mortal, soft and calloused. It had a rough feel but a gentle touch. It also sent waves of delight through me. I figured I never met this being before, and vaguely wondered why the guards had a mortal aid me instead of Elrond. No doubt they headed to Imladris. "He is awake, probably confused." It was the voice I heard calling my name in my dream! My eyes flew open without me intending to. "You!" I called, my voice cracking from dryness. "A!" I called out, blinking at the brightness and raising my good hand to shield my eyes. I heard chuckles being made of me. Three. So there must be the guards and the healer. The healer! I tried once more, rather more patiently, to rise myself to see my comrades. "Stubborn as always," I heard Astalder jest. I found him first, catching him just as he pushed Elenea lightly in joke. They grinned as they saw me open my eyes, their smiles not meeting their own. "His eyes," Elenea whispered, a little shocked. "What's with them?" I cried. My eyes were not right! "They're purple!" Astalder giggled. "They will return to their coloring when the last of the poison leaves." the voice replied. "But it's been six days!" Elenea protested. "Six days?!" I repeated. "You slept alot." Astalder quipped. "You were worried." I responded. They nodded. "I am fine." I comforted. They smiled, reassured. "It is best you rest for a time, Mirkwood Prince. Six days is not enough to heal a full body pierce, even as lucky a shot as the shoulder." I turned to the source of it; a tall male with long dark hair tied with elaborate delicate braids to hold a silver twisted crown. He wore a robe of deep auburn to contradict his pale skin, and his lips were pale pink and narrow. He was smirking as I took in his appearance, saving his eyes for last. They were steel grey, and sparkled with a light I seldom saw in anyone's. They held ancient wisdom and kindness, a new light. I saw a world I could fall into and feared I already had. This man was an Elf and I felt a blush tint my cheeks as I thought he looked both noble and attractive. "Where is the mortal?" I found myself asking. "Mortal? What mortal?" Astalder asked. "Ah, that would be me." the dark-hair Elf spoke. His lips were curved in a smile and he sat on the edge of my bed, placing his hand on my forehead. "It was you!" I cried in surprise. My eyes raked across his hair to find the point of an ear poking out. "But-" "I am Elrond Half-Elven, my young prince." I felt a tremendous wave of shame and foolishness. Here I was, recovering from certain death, only to be awed into attraction from the Lord of Imladris. "Not what you expected?" he asked, his voice a low purr. Astalder, the older of my guards, elbowed Elenea and they both held back their laughter at my reaction. I didn't trust myself to speak and only let my mouth drop open a little. Elrond rose an eyebrow at them. "You may go, he is fine now." "Elenea," I called as they made to leave. "You were hit, are you alright?" He turned to face me. "Yes, my prince. I am alright and alive, thanks to you." he bowed and followed Astalder out. "Here," Elrond wrapped his arms delicately around me to help me sit up and remove the light shirt I had on. "I want to check the bandaging." he whispered. "How..." "It was bad. I'm not surprised your immortality was challenged. The tears," he