Tandem Night Chapter One His eyes were the pale greenish hue of faded aquamarines under the Aegean Sea, beautiful and knowing. Large, heavy lidded, thickly lashed and sensually tilted down slightly at the corners, they could beg, beguile or gleam with laughter in a way that few women would be able to resist. I often thought that those eyes were more expressive in simply one glance than most people could be if they were to write an entire novel. To be honest, perhaps it wasn't so much the beauty but the complicated mix of sadness in those eyes that I was drawn to. Because as pragmatic and sunny as I was in my daily life, there was a tandem pull of dark night within me. I often surreptitiously watched his eyes, lingered over the faceted hidden pain and often wondered about it in the beginning of our friendship. Calen Bryn. I had met him a year ago at my best friend Lori's birthday party. In all of the glittering frenzy of the celebration, he had cut a dark mysterious figure leaning against the star lit skies on the patio. I had been trying to quietly rest in relative peace of the patio and escape from my boisterously drunk husband and his friends. Perhaps I had been a little bit inebriated myself. I cannot quite recall. When he walked out to the patio to stand by the railing, I peered over the lawn chair I was sprawled in, but kept quiet. I hadn't wanted to talk to anyone. Yet he must have somehow seen me. "You're Emma aren't you?" His voice was low, masculine and gruff in many ways, yet so incredibly musical that it felt like velvet against my skin. I started in surprise at the almost visceral reaction I had to just his voice. Nobody affected me like that. "Uhm. Yes." Was my eloquent reply as I quickly sat up and made sure my dress wasn't gaping somewhere inappropriate. "I'm Calen. I went to college with Phil." Phil was Lori's boyfriend. I put a polite smile on my face as he started walking towards me. Calen's voice and his lean figure were still all I could discern of him. I couldn't see his face as he made his way over to where I was sitting. His scent reached me first. I still remember my polite smile fading away and clenching my fists when I inhaled the subtle sensual mix of summer air and some softly masculine cologne. His eyes were the third surprise of evening. Even in the dimly lit night of the patio, they were unearthly bright, clear and unwavering as they made contact with my own widened brown ones. Instinctively I lowered my eyes away from his. Even then I understood the danger of those eyes. He sat down next to me. Then leaned back and contemplated the skies. After a moment, I realized that he wasn't going to make any awkward conversation and I relaxed a little bit as well, leaning back on my chair. Then I suddenly sat up and laughed as I remembered. "Oh! You're Phil's old college roommate right? You were traveling in Indonesia for the last month I think he was telling us." "Yes." He turned towards me slightly. "How was Indonesia?" I must have sighed with some longing. "I've been to Europe but never Southeast Asia. I've always wanted to go. My parents go back home to Thailand once a year but I've never had the time to go." I knew I was babbling and quickly shut myself up. He laughed quietly. Just a low rumble that made me feel as if there were marbles swirling around in my stomach. "Indonesia was beautiful." He said softly. "And I plan to visit Thailand this year. Strangely enough." I began to regurgitate words again, something I did when I was nervous and something that drove my husband crazy with annoyance. "Oh great choice! My parents love Thailand. Obviously since that's where they were born. I really would love to visit Thailand with them sometime soon." "Why don't you go Emma?" He asked. For some reason it sounded more than a simple rhetorical question. It sounded as if he were asking me for answers that I had no clue about. "I…just don't have time." I rubbed my forehead. "My husband and I are pretty busy." "You're married. That's right." He turned away, and I looked at his profile for a second. His face was really as beautiful as his eyes. I turned away myself. "Yes." I answered defensively. Though why I was being so defensive was a mystery to me at that point. "You should still make the time to go. Just do it." Was his response. "Sure." I suddenly felt disoriented. Why was this guy making me feel all off-balanced? "I'd better get back inside." "Wait." He stood up. "Let me help you up." Before I could respond, his hand was warmly grasping mine. With an efficiency of movement, he gently pulled me to my feet and stepped away. "Thank you. I think." My heart was pounding too hard for this moment to last any longer. "Emma?" His quiet voice stopped me from immediate flight. Hardly breathing, I turned and nodded. "Would you like to grab coffee tomorrow? I'd love to hear more about Thailand." There was no pressure in those words, but it still pushed whatever breath I had left out of me. "Look Calen. I'm married." I said rather harshly. "It wouldn't be appropriate." He gave a strained slight laugh that sounded odd. "I know. Forgive me." I turned to walk away. "Would friendship be okay?" He asked gruffly. "Why?" I wasn't a fool. And I was no model but I knew that I was pretty enough to draw some male attention once in a while. However, there had never been any temptation inside of me to invite that attention any further. As I've said before, the pull this person had on me was shocking. "I don't know." He gave that odd laugh again. "I just know that…I would like to remain in your life somehow." "I don't think it would be a good idea." I shook my head and had left him there. I hadn't seen him the rest of that night except once briefly his eyes had caught mine as my husband and I were leaving the birthday party. A week later I was freezing and wet trying to hide from a sudden August downpour under some tree branches. Downtown traffic was terrible and I had already been splashed twice by cars zooming by through the deep puddles on the street. My husband was supposed to pick me up but he had to work late and I was waiting for the bus to take me home. The bus stop shelter was filled and I hadn't brought an umbrella. "Emma?" That low voice sent a sudden flush through my body even in the cold rain. Shivering and peering through wet strands of hair, I saw him standing there in the rain holding a large black umbrella with a teak handle. I lost my breath. In the full light of day, even with the gray clouds, cold air and pouring rain, Calen was beautiful. Those eyes were green…no blue…no aquamarine. His hair was almost black with a dusting of gold throughout, and his face was finely sculpted with masculine perfection. His lips lifted in a half smile. "Emma…you're drowning." I waved a sodden arm and shook my head. "No, no. I'm fine. It's just a little rain." I shouted. "This is a monsoon. Not a 'little rain'." He laughed and before I could do anything other than try not to stumble, he was holding my hand and pulling me next to him. The sudden break from the rain allowed me to rub my eyes free of rainwater and blink at him clearly for the first time. Up close he was dazzling. All glittering knowing eyes, straight teeth and lean lips. I jerked away but he held on tight to my hand. "Even if we're not friends, I can still offer a drowning lady some help can't I?" His lips quirked. He began walking and I had no choice but to follow. A few women twittered nearby and I glared straight ahead. My ridiculous heels that had looked so cute that morning were completely useless stomping through the puddles. The rain had gotten so heavy that in some areas water had risen to my ankles. I couldn't help but be grateful for the umbrella. My teeth started chattering and I wrapped my free arm around myself. "W-where are we going?" I asked through clattering teeth. "My car." He gave me a brief glance. "I'll drive you to wherever you need to go." I didn't argue. He raised a brow and we walked silently for about a block when I suddenly slipped. His dropped the umbrella and grabbed me with both hands, catching me neatly before I could hit the ground. Rain poured over both of us again. I blinked furiously through the heavy droplets and tried to stand up. He straightened me and looked around for his umbrella. Standing there, I watched his lean figure get soaked in the rain. He was wearing what had probably been a really nice suit at one point. People all around were running, some looked panicked, some looked gleeful. I glanced down at my bedraggled appearance and without warning, began to giggle. I raised my arms, kicked my heels off, tilted my head back and laughed with genuine mirth. "Calen!" I gasped when he held the umbrella over me again. This time I grabbed hold of his arm with mine. "Isn't this fun?" "Fun?" His eyes began to crinkle as he stared at me. "Yes." He agreed softly. "This is fun." I picked up my ruined heels with one hand, held onto him with another, and shouted, "Come on, let's run to the car!" The puddles splashed around me. It was as if the world was moving in slow motion. The grayness of the skies, and the heavy rain, and the blurred movements of people around me felt surreal. I was laughing because really, when was the last time I had simply had so much damn stupid fun? For a moment I was a little girl again, holding onto my best friend's hands as we giggled and splashed our way through the playground during rainy May months. His arm was secure around me as he guided us through until suddenly we were at his car. A dark British green Jaguar that looked rather old and classic. He opened the door for me and I clambered inside. The leather seats were smooth against my wet skin. It smelled like him in there and the intoxicating scent sobered me instantly from my strange rain-induced high. He slid into the driver's seat. "Where to?" He said without looking at me. I gave him my address. Then I wrapped my arms around myself, looked out the window and started shivering. "You're freezing." He cursed softly and turned on the heat to full blast. I soaked in the warmth gratefully but my teeth wouldn't stop chattering. I felt cold deep inside as if there was ice encasing my internal organs. He drove for a few minutes and then stopped the car. I was barely aware of what was happening because I was feeling nauseous and feverish. He came back into the car moments later. He was holding a steaming cup of tea that he carefully put into my hands. "Please drink this Emma." I nodded and took a sip. The hot liquid felt good. I drank a few more mouthfuls and then he took it from me and put it in the cup holder. "Thank you." I croaked. "Let's get you home." He gave me the barest hint of a smile. I must have fell asleep because the next thing I