I know the summary sounds all serious, but this is intended to be a largely lighthearted fluffy fic about a possessive, smitten dragon courting an oblivious human with very little plot. I anticipate it being three or four chapters total, but I am also terrible at judging these things, so *shrugs*. First story I'm posting in this pairing (and this fandom) though I have others in the works. Unbeta'd at the moment, so please forgive any mistakes. Harry Potter stared morosely into the fire before him, fingers running over the broken circlet of metal in his hands. Gone. He was gone. There was a rustling noise off to the side, and Harry's hand flew to the dagger on his belt even as he reached his will out for his magic. He reached out for the wards he had placed around his campfire, finding them still perfectly intact. Harry had based his wards upon intent, and for the stranger to have walked across them without them repelling the figure or even notifying Harry meant that the man bore Harry no ill-will. Still, Harry didn't let himself relax completely. Not yet. His trust was harder to earn now than it would have been a year ago. "Hail, traveler," an unfamiliar voice called out from the same direction the noise had come from. "Would you be willing to share your fire? The night is unseasonably cold." This much was true, Harry knew. And he would never want a stranger to come to harm because of him. "I am wary of sharing with strangers," Harry began, loosening his grip on his knife but not his magic, "but I welcome the opportunity to make new friends." The man stepped forward until he was in the circle of light cast by the fire. His cloak, Harry could tell, was well-made. Sturdy, but clearly expensive. The brooch holding his cloak closed shone in the firelight, the gold turning almost red. Or perhaps that was the large ruby set into it. His boots were dragonhide, and Harry had to fight off a frown at that observation. It never would have bothered him before, and if the reason for Harry's new reluctance was aware of it he would have laughed at him. This traveler clearly came from obscene amounts of money. And to travel with it, alone and on display like that, clearly meant he was more that capable of defending himself. Harry felt some of the tension ease out of his spine. Being robbed was a remote possibility, then. Nothing of Harry's could compare to what the man already had. The man reached out and lowered the hood of his cloak and Harry inhaled sharply, grateful that the darkness hid the heat of his cheeks. He was gorgeous. Aristocratic features, sharp cheekbones, and full lips combined to form a face that stole the moisture from Harry's mouth. The stranger was beautiful. Almost inhumanly so. "I am at your service then," he said, bending at the waist to offer Harry a polite bow. "Might I ask your name?" he asked as he straightened, dark eyes fixed on Harry intently in the flickering firelight. Harry had the feeling it was a sign of respect this man rarely deigned to bestow upon others. "Harry Potter," he responded with a deep nod. "Forgive me for not returning the gesture, but…" he indicated his own position near the fire. "No offense has been taken," the stranger responded. Harry once again got the strange sense that this was a rare occurrence. "And what is the name of my newest friend?" Harry asked. "You may call me Tom Riddle," the stranger answered. Harry felt the name like a blow against his stomach, and air escaped his lungs in a sharp gasp, eyes falling involuntarily to the object still in his hands. He gripped it tightly, the metal edges biting into his skin helping to keep him grounded. It had been Harry's intention to wallow in his fears and insecurities in front of the fire this evening before putting it all away to carry out his new quest tomorrow. This obviously wasn't an option, what with his company, but his emotions were still raw and close to the surface. "I had a friend called Tom," Harry told his companion hoarsely. The stranger sank gracefully to the ground cater-corner to where Harry himself was sprawled. "Had?" he asked. "I knew him for more than a year," Harry stared into the fire, letting his eyes defocus as he turned his attention inward. "We lived together, though not by choice. Still, the arrangement…he was the best part of it. The only part of it I would want to keep. But I woke up away from where I'd been living one day and by the time I made my way back he was gone." Harry reached out with his magic for the broken collar in his hands. The magic that had bound him and Tom had dissipated completely, but the blasted thing had kept Tom restrained for so long that some of Tom's magic had seeped into it. "What do you know of the castle northwest of here, just off the river?" Harry asked Riddle, curious to see what stories had spread. "Trapped in the tower is a man. Some say he is a prince, put there for his protection. Some a powerful sorcerer, locked away by another magic user jealous of his power." Riddle answered in a smooth baritone. Harry's brow furrowed. There was something almost familiar about the voice. But He shook off the notion at once. Riddle, he was sure, had a face he would never have forgotten if he'd seen it before. "All the tales agree that he is guarded by a dragon." Riddle finished. "Not just any dragon," Harry said, a wry smile pulling across his lips. "A fierce and incredibly powerful dragon. Vicious and merciless. An exceptional dragon. My friend." He could feel Riddle's gaze on him, but didn't turn to look. He didn't want to deal with the judgment in his eyes. With Harry's emotions as volatile as they were, he was likely to hex the man. And that was no way to go about making friends. Besides, something told him this was not a man he would want for an enemy. "You make interesting friends, Harry," Riddle said. He let out a mirthless bark of laughter. "You're one of them," he replied, twirling the collar in his hands. "I am," the man affirmed. "And when you come to know me more, you will find I fit the category rather well, I imagine." "And how will I come to know you?" "Finish your tale, and I will repay you with one of my own," Riddle answered easily. "A fair trade," Harry conceded. And talking was helping. Perhaps in telling this story, he could get at least some release from the emotions that plagued him. "The man was no prince," Harry said with a derisive scoff. He couldn't even imagine what a nightmare it would have been to have been born royal. "Nor was he a sorcerer. A simple wizard, with very little training in his craft." Riddle's eyes shot to him at once. "How little? I'm sure I encountered the work of this…unknown wizard earlier. The wards around your fire, for example. They did not feel untrained or simple to me." "A handful of lessons from a friend and his family to give him enough control not to hurt himself or others with outbursts of power," Harry answered honestly. Meeting the Weasleys had been such a blessing on so many levels. "But no real instruction until he was locked up in that tower." Riddle stared at him, eyes wide and intent, something about his expression almost avaricious. "The man has no more idea than the townsfolk why he was imprisoned," Harry said, the words bitter in his mouth. "But he is seeking answers, as well as his lost friend." "Indeed?" Harry nodded. "The man wasn't the only prisoner in that tower. What people don't understand is that the dragon was trapped as well." "Was he? Did he not simply act as a dragon will?" Riddle asked, and if Harry had been paying more attention he might have heard the low rumble in his voice. "Protecting what belongs to him?" "Yes," Harry said, "but it wasn't his choice what he was guarding. And it wasn't his choice to keep guarding it. The jailor took that from him with this," Harry spat angrily, holding up the collar. Riddle stared at it with barely concealed hatred. "So the dragon is free, then? This Tom of yours?" "Yes," Harry said, relief and disappointment warring in his chest. "I know he would hate me keeping this, when it's what kept him prisoner for god only knows how long," Harry confessed. "But it's all I have left of him." The dark eyes flicked from the collar to Harry's face and softened. "When I woke up…when I woke up not in my tower I was terrified," Harry confessed. Somehow telling a stranger in this compelling darkness, broken only by the light of the fire, seemed natural. Easier than he imagined telling his dearest friend Ron would. As if this man was already a familiar confidant. "I thought he'd been killed," Harry choked out, voice breaking on the last word. "He's powerful, but not invincible, no matter what he'd like to believe. The odds of his being bested by a swordsman were remote, but they existed. Or perhaps the person who'd imprisoned us in the first place had moved me and done something to him." "I snuck out of the room I was in, an inn in some nearby town, and made my way here, determined to see if he was still alive and what I could do to help. To heal him and set him free. Only to find no sign of my dragon and this," he held up the metal in his hand. "He managed to free himself." Harry took a deep breath before continuing, forcing the next words out. The most painful of all. "I though if he were free…I thought if he had the choice he would chose me. That he would take me with him," Harry confessed, hurt that this had not been true and ashamed that he'd wanted such a thing in the first place. "I guess I thought wrong." "Oh Harry," Riddle said softly. "I'm certain your Tom has other plans for you." Harry gave a half-hearted smile, heart somewhat lighter. "Perhaps after he's checked on his hoard, he'll come back and eat me as he was always threatening to do." Riddle let out an undignified snort. "You are much too scrawny to make a decent meal for anyone." The familiar words sent a sharp pang though his heart, but it was easier to ignore this time. Riddle reached to his belt, and Harry felt himself tensing and tightening his hold on his magic. When the hand emerged from under his cloak, it held not a weapon as Harry had feared it might, but rather a simple small leather pouch. With his magic already poised as it was, he was able to detect the traces on it. An unfamiliar signature, but a familiar spell. The bag was much, much larger on the inside than it was on the outside. "Have you had supper this evening?" Riddle asked him. Harry's felt his hackled raise immediately, the scene far too familiar. He would not make the same mistake twice. "No." Riddle pulled out a loaf of traveler's bread, a hunk of cheese, and a jar of what appeared to be sliced apples preserved in honey. He offered them all to Harry. "As thanks for your sharing your fire." The bread alone he would have been able to easily resist. The cheese would have been slightly more tempting. But the apple…the apple was what tipped him over the edge. Trapped as he had been in the tower,