This story is obviously AU, where Tom is born in like 1977 or 1978 and we shift all the Gaunts up accordingly. There is child abuse, but nothing too explicit, and only a little worse than what we see in cannon. None of my other stories have been abandoned, I promise you. Grad school is just taking a toll, and I have 12k of this squirreled away. Harry collapsed down onto a log, staring at the dirt between his feet morosely. This camping trip was a disaster. Harry had known it would be, from the moment his mother had suggested it. Still, no matter how much he'd begged, he hadn't been able to get out of it. His father had been more sympathetic to his plight, but he hadn't been willing to go against Harry's mum. So here Harry was, stuck on a camping trip with his muggle uncle and cousin. It was every bit as awful as Harry had feared it would be. Before they had left from Surrey, his Uncle Vernon had taken him aside and given him a stern lecture on how they would be "camping like real men" and "there wasn't to be any of his sort of nonsense". The trip to the campsite, one in the North, for some reason that completely escaped Harry, was pure torture. Several hours trapped in the backseat of the car with his cousin, who had apparently decided that the best form of entertainment was tormenting Harry. Uncle Vernon had confiscated his book at the first rest stop when he saw the pictures move, so he had nothing to do but stare out the window, listening to his Uncle tell stories about camping trips he'd been on while Harry did his best to dodge Dudley's pinches. Things at the camp ground were no better. Dudley refused to do any of the work, and Uncle Vernon always found fault with anything Harry did while praising the work Dudley claimed as his own. It was only the start of the first day and he was ready to pull his hair out. When Uncle Vernon said they needed firewood, Harry jumped at the opportunity to get away from both of them for a bit. It had only been a few hours. Harry had no idea how he was supposed to make it through the next week. He'd go crazy. The sound of something crashing through the underbrush had Harry's head jerking upright, rubbing hastily at his burning eyes. For the millionth time, he wished he were old enough to have a wand. "Hello?" Harry called hesitantly, moving towards the noise. Another crash, and then a boy tumbled to the ground in front of him, chest heaving as he panted. His dark hair was a mess, grimy, with little bits of stuff sticking out of it. Mostly dried leaves, from the looks of things. He was wearing a plain black robe, which had Harry's heart soaring. A wizard! Maybe he had an owl Harry could use to send a message to his parents, so that they could come get him! Then Harry got a closer look at him, and his heart sank. The robe was a mess. Rips and tears everywhere, and parts of it looked shiny, like it was wet. The wizard was in trouble. He had been running from something. Harry didn't know what, but it looked like he was hurt. Harry knew he was supposed to be careful with strangers, but this boy needed help. Taking a step forward, Harry crouched down. "Hey," Harry said, putting a hand on the boy's shoulder to get his attention. "Are you al…" The wizard jerked away sharply, turning to face Harry. He looked like he was about the right age for Hogwarts, a few years older than Harry. His dark eyes were wide with purple circles underneath. Even as messy as he was, he was very handsome. Still, the look in his eyes reminded Harry of the cornered, wounded animals he found sometimes. There was something wet on the fingers of the hand he'd pressed against the boy's shoulder, and Harry looked at them, stomach turning a little when he realized they were covered in blood. "You're not alright," Harry said softly, answering his own question. "No," the boy snapped at him. "I'm not." Reaching out, he offered his hand to the boy on the ground, waiting patiently for him to take it. Eyes that were brown and green and grey all at once darted over him warily, the boy no doubt judging his options. He started intently at Harry, as if he could see into Harry's soul if he tried hard enough. A glance back in the direction he had come from seemed to make up his mind, and he reached out and placed his hand in Harry's own. "I'm Harry," Harry said as he pulled the boy to his feet, trying to be gentle. "Harry Potter." The boy's eyes narrowed slightly at the introduction, but he offered his own name in return. "Tom Riddle." "Come on," Harry said, slinging Tom's arm over his shoulder when he saw the way the boy winced when he tried to put his weight on one of his feet, "the campsite's this way. My uncle and cousin are muggles, but they should have at least some muggle first aid and a way to get in touch with my parents. They can take you to St. Mungos once they apparate here." Tom had tensed at the word muggles, his eyes darting over to Harry. "You're a wizard," he said slowly. "Yeah," Harry said, doing his best to drag Tom forward. "You'll send me back," he all but snarled, pushing away from Harry. "They'll send me back. I'm his heir , after all," he spat out. "Your family did this to you?" Harry asked, sadly. If it hadn't been for Uncle Sirius it might have taken Harry longer to figure out exactly what had happened. But Uncle Sirius had sat him down not long ago and explained about why he didn't talk to his family anymore. He didn't get into specifics, but the broad strokes were enough. Harry's mum had been upset when she heard that Uncle Sirius had told him, arguing that he was too young. Uncle Sirius's response had been that there was no such thing as being too young, and that he wanted Harry to know that no one was allowed to hurt him. It didn't matter who they were. "I won't," Harry swore. "I won't let them send you back. The Ministry of Magic won't do it, and even if they try to, my parents won't let them. You'll come home with me. Nobody's allowed, Tom. If your family told you differently, they were lying." Tom stared at him intently. " Tell the truth ," he said, his words had a power behind them. "I am," Harry answered, his voice dragged from between his lips. "I want to help. My dad's an Auror, and he won't let them hurt you again. I'm telling the truth, and I want to help." Harry shook off whatever it was that had come over him and looked at Tom, eyes wide. Tom was standing in front of him, eyeing Harry warily and clearly braced for something. "Can you teach me how to do that?" Harry asked, words slipping out without his permission. "What," Tom said flatly. Harry rubbed at the back of his neck, embarrassed. "It's just…I've never seen anybody do magic like that. It's really cool. Really useful, too, since you don't have a wand. But you've had rough time of things. I shouldn't have asked." Tom just stood there, staring at him. He blinked once before stepping closer again, throwing his arm around Harry's shoulder. "If you get me out of here, I'll show you," he said. "Deal," Harry said with a grin. The two stumbled back the way Harry had come. It was slow going, Tom's injuries no doubt making every step agonizing for the boy. Harry was impressed that he was still going despite the pain. All Harry had to do was help Tom walk, and he was already starting to flag. He couldn't imagine what it must have been like for Tom. "I need a distraction," Harry announced. "Tell me about how you ended up here." Harry peered upward to find Tom leveling him with a truly unimpressed look. "What? It's easier to push through when you're focusing on something else," Harry told him. "Besides, you're going to be telling the story a lot as soon as my parents get here. Best to start practicing now, so you can be sure to get exactly the reaction you want, yeah? My dad's an Auror, so I know a little bit about this stuff. I can help you get the presentation exactly right." The only sound for along moment was them trampling their way through the brush. Just as Harry had resigned himself to the idea of them spending the rest of the trip in silence unless he started babbling, Tom spoke. "I was born in a muggle orphanage," he said slowly. "At least, that's what the matron told me. When I asked her." "The way you asked me?" Tom shot him a glare, and Harry gave a small shrug in apology. "Yes. The way I asked you." "Don't mention that you can do the asking thing. Maybe tell my parents when we're alone, but nobody else," Harry said. There were a lot of ministry officials who weren't going to like the idea of being forced to tell the truth. Tom rolled his eyes. "I hadn't planned on it, but thank you for that truly insightful tip," he drawled. Harry bristled, but fought to reign in his temper. Tom had obviously been having a very bad day. One in what Harry suspected was a fairly long series. Harry needed to try and be patient, no matter what Tom said. "Muggle orphanage," Harry prompted him, once he felt he wasn't at risk of snapping. "My mother died giving birth to me," Tom said, resuming his story. It sounded detached, the way Tom said it. Like he didn't care at all. But, Harry figured, if he'd never known his parents, it might be a bit like that for him. There wasn't anything Tom could do to change it, and it wasn't like he'd ever known the woman. "She lived just long enough to name me," Tom continued, either not noticing Harry's distraction or choosing to ignore it. "Tom," he said the name disdainful, as if he felt himself above it, "after my father. And Marvolo, after hers." While Tom clearly wasn't fond of his first name, he spat his middle name like it was poison. His grandfather, Harry wagered, was the man Tom was running from. "I was…different…from the other children at the orphanage. Strange things kept happening around me. I was ostracized because of it. They thought I was possessed." "It was accidental magic!" Harry crowed, upset at the idea of Tom being isolated because of something so essential to who he was. "You couldn't control it!" "But I could," Tom corrected Harry. "After the first few times it happened, I put my mind to figuring out exactly what was happening. By the time I was six I was doing things on purpose. I was in perfect control of my magic, Harry. I could make things move without touching them. I could make animals do what I wanted without training them. I could make bad things happen to people who annoyed me. I could make them hurt if I wanted to. And I did." Harry swallowed, throat suddenly dry. He'd never heard of someone doing things like that with their accidental magic. Of being able to control it. To use it like that… "When you talk to the ministry," Harry said, after careful consideration, "don't put it like that. Say you figured out how to use your