I realized I had posted this on AO3, but not here and since I was planning on updating within the next week or so, I thought that was an oversight I should correct. A much belated gift for my tomarrytine, asexualsiriusblack on tumblr, who has been so patient and understand about my circumstances. She asked for a pirate AU, and I did my best to oblige, though it has quickly spun out of control. Still, I hope this first chapter and all the rest to come hit the spot. I know nothing about the age of sail save what I read in the three days I spent writing this chapter, but I hope you can all suspend your disbelief long enough to enjoy the story. Unbeta'd, so please forgive any errors. Second Lieutenant Harry Potter stood on the rigging on the the foremast of the HMS Griffin, eyes scanning the horizon for any sign of sails. Harry often served lookout duty, something he thoroughly enjoyed, unlike his crewmates. At the top of the mast, even the smallest motion of the boat below was amplified. Harry had seen even the most experienced of sailors become violently seasick after serving a watch as lookout. Not Harry. He loved the feeling of the wind in his hair, the boat rocking beneath him, the smell of salt in the air, the horizon stretched out before him. Harry loved sailing. He had been born to it. "You'll be the finest sailor the seven seas have ever seen," his mother had told him when he was young, a smile full of pride on her face. "It's in your blood." Harry had taken those words to heart. He did everything he could to ensure that his parents would be proud of him. They were with him always, but they weighed heavily on his mind today. Five years ago today, he had lost them both. Today, the wound felt fresh, as if he was losing them all over again. Harry had been serving as Master's Mate on the HMS Griffin, the ship commanded by Admiral Dumbledore, a close friend of the family who had taken Harry on at his father's request at eleven, when he had finally convinced his parents to let him go to sea after years of begging. Six years later, the Phoenix had become just as much home as his family's large, well appointed house on the island of Godric ever had been. Harry had been working with the Ship's Mate, the stern Mathias McGonagall, to plot their course once they left port. Their complex calculations were interrupted by a knock on the door, and McGonagall had shouted a rough "Come!" The cabin boy, Colin Creevey, entered, but before he had the chance to speak, McGonagall ordered him to stand there and be quiet. Only when he and Harry had finished the computation did the man put down his compass and straighten. "What did you want, Creevey?" "It's the Admiral, sir," Creevey said. "He wants to see Potter." "Off you go Potter," McGonagall said. "The sooner you go, the sooner you can get back." "Yes sir," Harry had said before making his way out of the room, Creevey hot on his heels. "Do you know what this is about?" Harry asked Creevey. "Not a clue," Creevey said. "I was hoping you would tell me." Harry reached out and ruffled Colin's hair. "Go practice your maths if you have nothing better to do. I'll be checking it tonight." As the Mater's Mate with the most seniority, Harry was the head of the midshipmen's berth. As such, he was responsible for their instruction in mathematics, navigation, and the lore of the sea. It was a responsibility Harry took seriously, and one he had discovered he was skilled at. While not yet old enough to be a midshipman, Harry had opted to include Colin. Might as well give the boy something to do other than fetch and carry all day. Creevey winced hard enough that Harry knew he hadn't so much as glanced at the assignment Harry had given him several days before. The boy skittered off in the direction of the midshipmen's berth when they were below, and Harry shook his head, smiling in amusement. Harry stopped before the Admiral's cabin, taking a moment to straighten his uniform and doing his best to tame his hair, for all he knew it was a useless effort. When he thought he was more or less presentable, Harry knocked on the Admiral's door. "Come in," the Admiral called. Harry opened the door and stepped into the cabin. The admiral sat behind his desk, his expression serious behind his neatly trimmed white beard, no sign of the usual twinkle in his blue eyes. Harry found himself straightening, making sure his posture was perfect and he cast about for anything he might have done to cause the expression on the usually jovial Admiral's face. "Midshipman Potter reporting as ordered, sir," Harry said. "Sit down my boy," the Admiral said, gesturing to the desk across from him. Harry did as ordered, his sense of apprehension only growing. Not a reprimand, then. The expression on the Admiral's face had him truly concerned. As Harry situated himself, the Admiral pulled a bottle out from the depths of his drawer, pouring two generous glasses. "Harry," the man said, and Harry felt ice flow through his veins. While it was true the Admiral was not much for propriety in his own cabin, he never addressed Harry by his first name unless they were meeting socially at the home of Harry's parents. For him to be addressing him so familiarly now could mean nothing good. "The post boat moored half an hour ago." His parents. It could be about nothing else. Commodore Potter was stationed in the Caribbean, ranking officer of the Isle of Godric. His father knew the waters better than any man in the Royal Navy. His mother, who knew the waters better than any person alive, had always joined his father aboard his ships, giving any man who objected a warm smile before verbally tearing them to shreds. After the first few rounds, none dared comment on her presence aboard, superstitions be damned. She'd stayed home with Harry until he was young enough to go to sea himself. As soon as Harry was safely aboard the Phoenix she had rejoined his father aboard his ship once again. The HMS Valiant was stationed in the Caribbean last he had heard. Dealing with the pirate problem. "The HMS Valiant left port in pursuit of the pirate ship Voldemort just over a month ago. They were expected to dock three weeks ago." Harry's hands gripped the arms of the chair tightly. "Weather could have drive them off course," Harry said. "Ships never keep schedule. The sea is too unpredictable for that." "Harry," Admiral Dumbledore said gently, "My boy...they found the wreckage." Harry stared straight at the Admiral, unable to process his words. "There is no question as to which ship it was," the Admiral said gently, "Many of the debris were from the cargo, stamped with the Valiant's name." Harry wordlessly reached forward and took the glass from off the desk, draining it in one swallow, relishing the feeling of it burning down his throat. It distracted from the burning of his eyes. "What happened?" Harry asked. "The Voldemort ," the Admiral answered, his expression somber. "There was no weather in the area, and there was nothing they could have run aground on. It wasn't the first time she's attacked a ship of the Royal Navy." "Sloops," Harry answered, fists clenched. "Frigates. Not ships of the line. Thirty guns, not seventy." The Admiral poured him another drink, but Harry ignored it, trembling with rage. "Pirates don't fight, not if they can help it. They intimidate and use threat of violence to board without struggle. Get in, get the loot, get out. Burn what they can't take. Run, not fight. That's how they operate." "The majority of them, yes," the Admiral said, his clam tone only serving to make Harry more angry. "The Voldemort is manned by a crew who seems to take particular delight in engaging with Royal Navy ships. This is the first man of the line she's sunk, it's true. But it is by no means the first navy ship she has destroyed." Things had devolved from there, Harry wrecking the Admiral's office in anger as the man had watched on impassively. He had even gone so far as to scream at his commanding officer when the man had tried to offer him what felt like empty platitudes. Harry had been lucky the Admiral hadn't had him up on charges for his behavior that day. Instead, Admiral Dumbledore had waved off Harry's apologies, telling him to think no further on the matter, and arranged for transport back to land so Harry could arrange for a ceremony and get his parent's affairs in order. Captain Wood was an admirable man who Harry respected, but at heart, he was the Admiral's man. Harry's rumination was interrupted by the sight of sails on the horizon. "Ship ho!" Harry shouted, using years at sea to ensure his voice carried down to the deck. Harry kept his eyes peeled, taking in details as the ship came closer and closer. Three masts. A merchant ship, if Harry had to guess. As they closed, he recognized it as a Fluyt. What caught his attention was the flag. It was difficult to make out more than the color at this distance, but what wasn't difficult to make out was the knot tied into it. Harry clambered down from his perch in the tops, dropping down onto the deck with ease. The captain was shouting orders, and Harry watched the crew scurrying across the deck as he made his way to where the captain stood. "Well, Mr. Potter?" Captain Wood asked. "What are we dealing with?" "A Fluyt sir. One flying a wheft," Harry replied. "There have been reports of pirates in the area, and there's no way she's armed for conflict." "Minimal crew, maximal cargo," the Captain said, shaking his head. "A perfect target for pirates." "What colors was the ship flying?" the Captain asked. "I couldn't tell at this distance, sir." The man's brow furrowed, staring out over the sea. At last, he turned and faced his crew once again. "Mr. Potter, you will lead a boarding party over to the ship. If she's one of ours, see what has transpired and what aid we may be able to offer them. If she isn't, well," the Captain smiled. "It seems we'll be taking a prize to port." "Aye aye, sir," Harry responded, adrenaline coursing through him. It was normally the First Lieutenant who lead all boarding parties. While it was true that there was very little risk in this case, the fact that the Captain had decided to entrust Harry with the responsibility spoke to the Captain's confidence in him. Harry had his boarding party organized by the time they drew abreast of the merchant ship. The wheft was indeed the British flag, which was apparent now that they were closer. It also explained why they'd used the wheft in the first place - it was nearly impossible to tell when the Union Jack was inverted. There was a small group of sailors waiting on the other ship, only six men or so, and Harry found himself frowning. Even for a ship as small as this, it was too small a crew. Whatever it was that had robbed them of so many of their crew might certainly explain why they were in need of assistance now. What that tragedy might have been was a separate issue entirely. There was a large outcropping of rock on the horizon, but the only damage Harry could see along the side of the ship was clearly caused by cannon fire. Pirates. Pirates had damaged her, boarded her,