I've had this posted on AO3 for awhile, but it occurred to me that it might be a good idea to post it here as well. Still working on More Precious than Rubies, but RL is kind of rough atm. This college AU is like the fic equivalent of comfort food, so this is what I've been working on instead. There's at least 10k more where this came from if people are interested. This fic has no real plot and would probably be posted in non-chronological order if people are interested. It is really just self-indulgent all-but-established tomarry fic. The imaginary college is American, b/c I am too lazy to do that much research for something meant to to be be purely for my own enjoyment. Title comes from Pablo Neruda's Sonnett XVII Harry Potter paused gratefully at the top of the stairs, leaning against the wall breathing heavily as shifting the weight in his arms so that he could reach up and try and wipe the sweat off his forehead. Perhaps binging up the heaviest bin first hadn't been the best approach after all. Still, he was committed now, and once he actually knew where his room was, the trip wouldn't be such an arduous task. And it wasn't as if he had much to move. Living with the Dursleys hadn't given him the opportunity to accumulate many possessions he'd want to keep in the first place. The few things he did posses were gifts from his friends and fugitive godfather, along with a handful of precious heirlooms that had been left to him by his parents. Perhaps, now that he had access to the money his parents had left him (which had come as an immense surprise), he could see about maybe getting himself some more things. Still, now that he actually had money, he found himself reluctant to spend it. Harry was used to going without. And after Sirius' graduation gift of a new wardrobe, there really wasn't anything Harry felt a great need to have. It certainly made moving a great deal easier, at any rate, Harry couldn't help thinking with a wry twist of his mouth. The dorm room he was assigned was on the third floor of the building, and while there was an elevator, Harry didn't see the point of fighting with all the other people trying to move in for its use. It wasn't as if he was unused to manual labor. And for all that hauling this bin had taken much more out of him than he had anticipated, there was only two more bins and the chest containing the few things his parents had left him. Three more trips wouldn't kill him. It would be unpleasant, yes, but nothing he couldn't handle by himself. But now, he thought pushing himself off the wall, it was time to figure out where exactly he was going. Room 317, the harassed looking RA manning the check-in desk had told him as he passed him his key. A quick look around let Harry know the numbers decreased to his right and increased to his left. Given that the closest room was 303, he took a turn to the left and made his way around the corner to a longer stretch of hallway. The dorm, it seemed, was U-shaped, with one long central hallway and two short wings. Keeping an eye on the room numbers, it became clear that in the future, the other stairwell would probably suit him better. 315...316...Harry's eyes slid to across the hall, trying to get a sense of his neighbors. The name on the door directly across from his own had him dropping the bin where he stood, uncaring when it landed on his feet. On the door hung a small black plaque, the words "RESIDENT ASSISTANT" printed on it in simple white typeface. And just above that, on a white piece of cardstock, written in immaculate black handwriting was a name. "Tom Riddle." It couldn't be the same boy, Harry told himself, trying to talk his heart out of beating in his ears. It was a very common name, after all. That had been one of Tom's greatest issues with his name growing up. The odds of this Tom being his Tom were astronomically slim. But, a traitorous little corner of his heart whispered, what if it is him? Harry recalled the last time they had seen each other, the way Tom's lips had felt pressed against his own, as fleeting as the moment had been. The last expression Harry had ever seen on Tom's face was one he'd never seen before - complete and total shock. He still savored it to this day. What would Tom look like now, he wondered. He'd been an attractive boy. He always had. It wasn't what had made him fall in love with Tom, but it certainly hadn't hurt. And it had been love. Of that, Harry was certain. Not the puppy-dog sort, but something deeper, more abiding. Why else would thinking of him still hurt so much? Ten years now, since he'd last seen him. Harry's first kiss had been the last time he'd seen his first and best friend. He'd be twenty years old now. Tom wasn't like other people. That much had been obvious. Harry couldn't help but wonder how that would have changed as he grew. "Excuse me," a voice said in a very familiar tone, jerking Harry roughly out of his thoughts. "But you're blocking the hall." Heart beat reverberating through his chest, he turned. "Tom?" he asked, terrified of the answer. "Tom Riddle?" The man behind him was handsome. Ridiculously so. Aristocratic features, sharp cheekbones, and grey eyes that were boring sharply into Harry's own. Blood rushed through his veins, and his mouth went dry. Tom. His Tom, all grown up. And he had grown up very well indeed. That same expression of shock, the last expression he'd ever seen his best friend make, was on his face again. "Harry?" Tom asked, his voice full of disbelieving hope. "Harry Potter?" Harry nodded, throat tight and eyes burning. A long-fingered hand reached out, settling on Harry's shoulder before tugging him forward. Harry found himself pressed against a firm chest, wrapped in a pair of strong arms. Harry let his eyes fall closed as he reached out to return the embrace. "Harry," Tom said reverently, and Harry felt fingers carding gently through his hair, "my Harry." "I missed you," Harry said, clutching Tom even closer. "God, I missed you so much." Harry felt Tom's breath against his scalp as the other man buried his face in Harry's hair. "You're here. You're really here," Tom murmured. Harry nodded against Tom's chest, letting out a wet laugh. Harry stood there, breathing in Tom's scent and reveling in the embrace. For all that it had been a decade since they'd seen each other last, the feelings it elicited in him hadn't changed. Harry had never felt safer than he did in Tom's arms, and apparently neither time nor space could change that. Tom began to pull back, too soon for Harry for all that it had been several minutes. Harry tightened his grip unconsciously, refusing to let the other man pull away. Harry's ears filled with the warm, rich sound of Tom's laughter. "Don't you fret, Harry," he said, pulling away again, though this time Harry reluctantly allowed it. Grey eyes stared down at him filled with warmth. "Now that I've found you again, I'm not letting you go," Tom told him, reaching out and cupped Harry's cheek with one hand before wiping away the tears Harry hadn't known he was shedding with his thumb. Harry gave him a watery smile in return. "Still the same possessive bastard I see," Harry said. Still, it wasn't quite a joke. If Tom was the same kind of possessive he'd been when they were kids, there would be no escaping the man now that he and Harry were together again. If, for some reason, Harry felt the need to get away, the only realistic plan would be changing his name and leaving the state at the very least, if not the country. "For you, my dear, always," Tom replied with a familiar, sharp smile. Well, that answered that question. Still, it wasn't as if Tom had been particularly subtle when he was younger. Harry knew exactly what his friend was capable of. And he couldn't really foresee a circumstance where he'd want to be anywhere but exactly where he was. Here, with Tom. There was the sound of a nearby door slamming, and Harry suddenly remembered that they were standing in the middle of a hallway during probably one of the highest traffic times of the year. "We'll continue this later," Tom informed him in that imperious way he had. It had been hysterical when Tom was seven, but it actually seemed to suit him now. "For now, let's get you moved into your dorm," Tom said, glancing down at the bin. "You're not on my floor, are you?" he asked, brow furrowed. "I would have recognized your name immediately on my list of residents." "I am," Harry told him. "Right across the hall, actually. "317," Tom said, and Harry could tell by his tone of voice that if Tom were anyone else, he'd be smacking his own forehead. "Of course. There was last minute shuffling because some snot-nosed spawn of a major donor to the school was unsatisfied with his accommodations. It was the responsibility of some other RA to get it sorted out and make sure all the doors had the proper names. I assume you have your key, yes?" Harry shot him a glare. Tom smirked at him before bending over and picking up the bin. "Well then, what are you waiting for?" Harry rolled his eyes, but he was fighting a smile. Tom really hadn't changed much at all. He'd mock Harry while simultaneously doing everything in his power to make Harry's life better. Harry pulled his key out of his pocket and unlocked the door. He knocked before opening on the off chance that his roommate, Cormac McLaggen, according to the door, was in, ignoring Tom's huff of irritation behind him. There was no response, and when Harry cracked the door open it was clear that McLaggen hadn't started moving in yet. "He's not here yet," Harry told Tom as he moved out of his way so the other boy could bring the bin in. "Good," Tom said, placing it down in front of the bed near the window, "that saves me from having to relocate his things so that you can have the side of the room you want." "Tom," Harry said, rolling his eyes, but he was touched. It was nice to have someone looking out for his interests. Still, he needed to be sure to keep an eye on that tendency so that he could step in and curb it when needed. "Now, obviously you want the bed by the window," Tom said, as if his having remembered enough about Harry to guess at his preferences even a decade later wasn't anything out of the ordinary. "How much more do you have to bring up?" "Another two bins and a chest," Harry answered. "That's it?" Tom asked, staring at Harry intently. "That's all you brought with you?" Harry glared at him. Tom had known very well what his living situation had been like with the Dursleys. At least for the most part. There had been some things he'd been sure to keep from Tom, like his accommodations. "And you were just overburdened with luggage your first year," Harry told him, crossing his arms. "I take it you stayed with the Dursleys then," Tom said, practically spitting out the name. "There was nowhere else to go," Harry said with a sad smile. "You're never going back there again," Tom said staring at Harry intently. "That was the