A/N: Hey what's up? So I thought I should note two things. ~ 1. This story takes place after Blood Of Olympus and is basically taking the place of the Trials Of Apollo series. So pretend that neither The Last Oracle nor The Dark Prophecy has been written. ~ 2. I started writing this last spring and I just decided to edit it and post it so please excuse any mistakes or awkward dialogue which I may have accidentally skipped over. I'm a much better writer than I was last year. Chapter One Percy "So how was school?" My mother asked setting dinner down in front of me. "Fine." I said. My mom raised her eyebrows but said nothing. "How did your history test go?" She asked "Same as always." I said absentmindedly "That's not a real answer Percy." "Why do you care so much!" I exploded. She took a deep breath and said calmly "Is this about Annabeth." "How does school have anything to do with Annabeth?" I snapped. "Percy, watch your tone." My step-father Paul said. I sighed "sorry mom." "No It's fine." We sat in silence eating the spaghetti and meatballs my mother had made. "You know you can tell me anything." She said suddenly. "Yeah thanks mom… It's just complicated." "Paul and I here to listen if you want." I took a deep breath "I guess you're right." "About?" She prompted. "I don't think I love Annabeth anymore." "No?" "Actually I don't know I ever did. I mean not like that. I do love her so so much and I'd do anything for her but-" I was interrupted when the room darkened suddenly and Nico di Angelo fell out of the shadows and collapsed right there on my kitchen floor. "Whoa! What's going on?" I asked jumping up. "They sent me to get you." he said trying to sit up. I started to help him up but he pushed me away and stood up by himself wincing as he did. He pulled up his T-shirt revealing four huge gashes on his stomach, like claw marks. "I don't understand," He muttered to himself looking at the spot he'd appeared from "Something in the shadows? No, no that's not possible." "Nico!" My mother said rushing forwards "You're hurt let me help you!" He looked like he was about to refuse but he looked down at the blood which was now leaking through his shirt "Okay." Okay he said though looking reluctant. My mom lead him to the couch grabbing the first aid kit. "Take off your shirt and lay down." He opened his mouth to protest but seeing her stern expression he obliged. She set to work dabbing at his wound with disinfectant but the more she worked the more worried she looked. "What happened?" I asked perching on the arm of the couch near Nico's head. "While I was shadow traveling here something attacked me. I don't know what it was but with everything that's happened it can't be good. " He replied not meeting my eyes. "Why were you shadow traveling here? What happened." "The mist has fallen." "What does that mean?" He shrugged. "Nico!" I yelled "What's the point of coming here if you won't even tell me why!" "Chiron will explain as soon as I'm well enough to get you to camp." He said still avoiding my eyes. "Can you please look at me!" I yelled in frustration. He sat up and looked me right in the eye sending a shiver down my spine "I was told to bring you to Chiron and that's what I'm going to do. I can't tell you anything until I can shadow travel you back to camp." He winced in pain and lay back down looking if possible even paler than usual. "I don't think you'll be shadow traveling anytime soon." My mom spoke up looking worried. "What?" Nico asked. She shook her head "Just a second. Percy hold this on his wound make sure you put pressure, we need to stop the bleeding." She handed me a bloody rag and walked over to the kitchen where Paul was sitting not sure what to make of the whole scene. They began to whisper urgently and I turned to Nico gasping as I saw his wound. It was black. The darkness seemed to be spreading lacing under his skin like a spider web. I touched the blackness feeling an evil wash over me. "It's poison." I whispered. "Fun." he said his breathing ragged. I grabbed the rag and started to put pressure on his wound but something told me that stopping the bleeding was the least of our worries. My mom finished her conversation with Paul and headed back into the living room where I was sitting with Nico. "There's nothing you or I can do for him. Since we're currently out of ambrosia." We've decided that I'm going to drive you and Nico to camp. Nico can be healed and you can go help with whatever dangerous thing is happening this time." "Should I pack?" I asked. She shook her head "We need to go now, before it's too late to help him." We carried Nico out to the car stopping only to give Paul a quick goodbye. Once we were all inside my mom pushed down on the gas and we sped off towards Camp Half-Blood. It had been six months since the war with Gaea and my life had been normal and uneventful up until an injured Nico Di Angelo fell out of the kitchen shadows an hour ago. I knew I'd miss the quiet life with my mom and Paul but I was excited to be going back to camp. Fighting monsters was the only thing I was ever good at and plus I missed my friends. I'd seen Annabeth a little bit but I had no idea how everyone else was doing. I turned around to see Nico asleep in the back seat. His skin was so pale it was white and his lips and eyelids were tinged black. "We need to hurry mom." I said worriedly. "I know." She replied looking in the rearview mirror "I'm going as fast as I can. Why don't you try and get some sleep we'll be there soon." I wanted to refuse but her suggestion was too tempting. I nodded and lay my head against the cold window. Sleep took me immediately and I fell into the same nightmare I'd been having for months. I was running. Running through darkness. I had to run. If I didn't I knew that everyone would die. The whole world would be swallowed by the suffocating darkness and that would be the end, so I ran my breath ripping from my lungs. My legs felt like lead and I could barely breathe but still I kept going. I ran for what seemed like hours until suddenly I saw white a little patch of white mist amid the darkness . I fell to the ground trying to grab at it but it slipped right through my fingers. " Please!" I pleaded "Help me! Mom, Dad, Paul, Nico, anyone! I can't run anymore!" " It's no use little Demigod" Came a cold clear female voice "You stopped running." The darkness held me tight pushing its way into my body through my eyes, ears, and mouth I felt a deep coldness and then there was excruciating pain. A bloodcurdling scream ripped through the blackness and then there was nothing. I woke to my mom shaking my shoulder "Percy, are you okay?" "Yeah just a nightmare." She nodded looking concerned. I realized suddenly that we were stopped "we're here?" She nodded getting out of the car and opening the back door. I unhooked my seatbelt and helped her carry Nico up the hill. We made it to the border and she stopped. "This is as far as I can go." I nodded. I knew she could only go so far but it didn't stop the sadness that I was leaving her again. "Can you carry him by yourself?" "Yeah." I said adjusting to cradle Nico in my arms "He's not heavy." "Be careful Percy." "I'm always careful." I smiled. "No," She shook her head "promise me, please Percy." "I don't make promises I can't keep." I leaned over and kissed her on the cheek trying to ignore the tears that were welling up in her eyes. "I love you mom." She hugged me quickly "I love you too, now go save Nico." Whispers followed me as I made my way to the infirmary "Oh my gods, is he dead?" I heard one girl from the Aphrodite cabin say as I walked past. "Put me down." I looked down to see Nico was awake. "No, I'm bringing you to the infirmary." "I'm fine." As soon as the words were out of his mouth he started coughing up black liquid. "Yeah right." He was going to die if I couldn't get him help in time. Taking a deep breath I took off running trying not to think of my nightmare. I made it to the infirmary just in time. As soon as I was inside the Apollo kids started questioning me. I answered them best I could, explaining what had happened. They nodded and then grabbed him from me and started doing their thing. I was pushed outside and the door was shut with a snap. I sighed collapsing on the ground. I closed my eyes and prayed to the gods; Please let Nico be okay. He can't die! Please I owe him that much. "Percy!" I looked up to see Annabeth "Come on everybody's waiting at the big house." I got up and followed her. We walked in to see all the counselors seated around a table all of them were fidgeting and seemed restless. Leo waved vigorously as I walked in Jason smiled, Clarisse glared, and Piper stuck her tongue out but then smiled her eyes sparkling. Annabeth sat down and I took my usual seat next to her. There was an empty seat on my other side which I figured was probably Nico's since every other seat was taken. "We expected you to be here hours ago what happened?" Chiron asked. "There were complications. Nico couldn't shadow travel so my mom had to drive us." "What kind of complications?" "Well for starters Nico almost died" I paused "Or maybe he did die I dunno they kicked me out of the infirmary." I said worriedly. "I'm sure he's fine." Jason said "He's a tough kid." "Yeah." I agreed. "But Percy what happened?" Annabeth asked. "I'm not completely sure he stumbled into my kitchen and immediately collapsed. He had these four huge gashes on his stomach like claw marks. My mom tried to help him but we didn't have any ambrosia and whatever attacked him was poisonous. I've never seen anything like it," I shuddered "It was black it reminded me of my dream…" My voice faltered "anyway he was talking about shadows but I don't remember what exactly." "I said that there was something in the shadows." I jumped and I wasn't the only one everyone looked startled and Clarisse had accidentally stabbed her knife into the table just barely missing her hand. "Gods Di Angelo, don't do that I nearly impaled my hand." she growled. Nico looked good as new which surprised me especially since it'd been barely more than fifteen minutes. "Wow you look good." I said my face turning red as soon as I'd said it. Nico blushed "I didn't mean… I um what I meant was you look healthy not that you look bad I mean you look fine… You know what I'm just going to shut up now." I said stumbling over my words. Nico still blushing slightly said "Apollo healed me." The room erupted into talking. "Quiet!" Chiron yelled. He turned to Nico "I don't mean to be offensive