I've had this idea in my head for a while and I just needed to write it! I won't ignore my other stories though don't worry! So this first chapter is kind of long I just did small introductions on each main character. So read and enjoy! (I wasn't able to type this up until way later in the day so it might not be the best I've been kind of sleep deprived!) Be sure to read the authors note down at the bottom! Disclaimer: I don't own the PJO series! Annabeth: I set the last box down and looked around my new room. I sighed and sat down on the freshly made bed. That's about the only thing clean in my room. Everything else is in boxes or on the floor waiting to be organized. The room overall wasn't bad. I had a fairly big closet and a balcony. I mainly picked this room because of the balcony but I haven't been out on it yet. I could hear my Aunt downstairs thanking the moving guys. She's going to be pretty upset if I don't have at least some of my clothes unpacked soon. I suppose it's her fault for moving in three days before school is supposed to start. My Aunt Susie is only 26. Her full name is Susan Chase, but people normally call her Susie. She's beautiful; she has dark brown hair and blue eyes just like my Dad. I lived with her and my Uncle until they got a divorce. He found someone else, and left my Aunt heartbroken. We lived in an apartment for a while until an old friend offered her a job in her hometown Crestwood. Her job is going to take up a lot of her time but it earns money. She bought a house down here and we moved right away. After we are done unpacking she's going to take me to look around. From what I gathered from the car ride the town isn't very big so I don't think it will take long to explore it. I'm not really sure how to feel about the move. Aunt Susie wants me to think of it as a new beginning but it's hard to forget the past. This is the town where my parents met and fell in love. I know how excited she is about her job though and I know it's easier for her to not be around my Uncle so I'm putting on a happy face for her. My Aunt always tells me how alike my mom and I are. Even though they weren't related until my parents got married my Aunt and Mom were like sisters. I have bright long blonde hair and grey eyes like my Mom. I got my Dad's love of music and my Mom's smarts. When I was seven my Dad taught me how to play the piano and eventually when I was nine I started to play the guitar. With a few years of practice I've become pretty good. I used to put on little shows for my family making them smile and coo over how cute I was. For my 10th birthday my Dad got me a journal. It's pretty basic. It's a light purple with a silver trim. The cover is blank but has my name in the corner. I've been using it as a song book. I've only written a few songs and they could use some tweaking but there not awful. The last time I saw my parents was when I was 14; my Aunt took me in around the same time. I'm sixteen now. I guess I should tell you a little about myself. Really I'm just Annabeth Chase. You know I have blonde hair and grey eyes and you know that I can play the piano and guitar. I sing from time to time but I'm not sure how well I can sing. I'm also pretty smart. Things like math and science are not very hard for me to understand. I love to draw up blue prints for future buildings and I use my knowledge with math and science to write up correct measurements. I'm actually incredibly shy. Even before the move I didn't have many friends. My shyness didn't help in the romantic department either. I've never had a boyfriend. I never stood out but then again I never really wanted to. It's easier to be in the background then center stage. I stood up and walked over to my desk and grabbed my journal. I headed downstairs where I could see my Aunt unpacking dishes for the kitchen. She looked up and gave me a tired smile. "Hello Annabeth." She pushed an empty box to the side and opened a new one. "Hey..." I slowly walked over to the table and sat down. "Room unpacked?" She looked at me expectedly and whipped her hands on her pants. "No… not yet." She sighed and gave me a look. My Aunt has her trade mark looks. This one was the 'I told you to do something now you better go do it' looks. "Annabeth! I want your room ready before school starts. Your already registered so you can start on the first day!" "But Aunt Susie we just moved in…why can't I take a week off or so and get to know the town first?" She sighed again and walked over to me. She gently placed her hands on my shoulders and kissed my forehead. "Because…I want you to start the same day everyone else does. Maybe you can make some great friends here!" "I'll still be the new kid! I'm coming junior year. People will already have their friends and their clichés." "Not all high schools are like that you know." "Yes they are. High school is like a cast system. The populars hang out with the populars. The average kids hang with the average kids and the nobodies...well they're friends with the nobodies. That's how it is and that's how it always will be." My Aunt gave me an unamused look and walked back to her boxes. "Just…go unpack your room ok?" I nodded and walked back upstairs. I obviously upset her so I should just stay up here and finish. I sat down next to the boxes and began organizing them in piles. After doing this for thirty minutes I got bored and decided to take a break. My eyes wandered to the balcony and I slightly smiled. I walked over to the French doors and slowly opened them. A small soothing breeze blew by me making my golden curls to blow behind my shoulders. The balcony's railings are white and the balcony itself was decently sized. I looked up and saw the sky beginning to darken. Soon the stars will come out and it will be even more beautiful. I could see the street to my left and to my right I could see part of our backyard. I stared at our shed for a moment. That's where my Aunt put my piano. My Dad's old acoustic guitar is in my room. In front of me I could see grass and the side of another house. I frowned at the poor choice of placement. The house wasn't too close but I could see into the window across from me. It looked like a normal teenage bedroom. Green walls and a blue bed. A computer was in the corner in the room but not much else. I looked over to the neighbor's backyard and saw someone cleaning leaves out of a pool. Whoever it was had black hair. I couldn't see much else since his head was facing downwards towards the pool. I sighed and looked once more up at the sky. I closed my eyes and just felt the breeze and listened to the slight rustling of the leaves. I stood in contentment until my Aunt's voice broke me out of my little trance. I reluctantly walked back into my room and shut the door. She asked me to go remove the sold sign in front of the house and to place something inside the mailbox for the mailman. I'm pretty sure that's not how it works but it gave me something to do. I mentally debated whether I should change out of my sweats and t shirt. I decided against it and I threw my hair in a loose ponytail and walked out the front door. Percy: I woke up with a smile on my face and jumped out of bed. I ran downstairs where I could smell my Mom making none other than my favorite; blue pancakes. It's a long running family joke to make most of my food blue. If food can be blue I can pass all my classes. My step dad Paul walked over to my Mom and kissed her on the cheek as she was piling pancakes on my plate. I smiled slightly and started eating. Paul has been my step dad since I was five years old. My real Dad was lost at sea when I was only a year old. My name is Percy Jackson. I have black hair and green eyes. A wonderful combination according to my Mom. I love to swim just like my Dad did. I used to play the guitar but I haven't in a while because I've been training to be on the swim team. I should make it this year. I'm 17 now. My birthday was back in August and now it's September; which means school is starting soon. Three days to be exact. I normally hate going to school; I never understand what were supposed to be learning and I have a hard time making friends but I just feel like this year is going to be different. I smiled happily while chewing my pancakes. My Mom smiled over at me and kissed my forehead. "Percy could you clean out the pool when you're done eating?" "Sure Mom!" Once I was done I set the plate and fork in the sink and went outside. It was a little chilly but nothing too bad. I walked over to our shed and grabbed the pool net. I hummed quietly to myself while cleaning it out. I took a breath and looked around seeing if I missed any leaves. Sure enough on the other side of the pool I missed a couple. As I walked around the pool I looked up and noticed a girl on the balcony on the house next door. I knew new neighbors were coming but I didn't think they had a beautiful girl like that. I smiled as I took in her features. She was blond and pretty thin. Her blond curls were blowing behind her and she was looking around. I looked down into the pool cleaning it out so she wouldn't notice me staring. I waited about a minute or so until I looked at her again. I saw her with her eyes closed just standing there. She looked breath taking. I sighed dreamily. I frowned when she walked back inside. I wanted to know her name! I finished cleaning the pool and walked back inside. I told Mom that I was going to take a walk and I slipped out of the house before she could question me. I walked out the door and slowed down when I saw the girl from the balcony walk out onto her lawn. I walked over to the fence and watched her. She struggled for a bit but got the sold sign out of the ground. She stuck it under her arm and walked over to the mailbox she stuck something inside of it and turned around. She looked up and noticed me staring. She stopped walking and just stared at me. I scratched the back of my neck and smiled at her. "Uh hey! You're the new neighbor right?" She just stared at me.