Edit: Okay so I've updated this story and actually started writing chapters for it again to kind of help me balance out my own personal angst and the angst from Saudade. Technically it's supposed to be a mix of That's 70s' Show and Glee and it IS but I've decided not to make it all about music as it seems less cheesy that way. There will still be plenty of cheese as there will still be singing but hopefully it's not too bad. This story is probably going to be more HumorXFriendship and slowly work to Romance but I promise there is still romance between our characters however slow building it might be. Disclaimer: I do not own the song or anything you recognize. Song used: Tarzan's "You'll Be In My Heart" "Slow" version Annabeth took a deep breath as she walked down the hall. Her books were firmly pressed into her chest and her smile was wide. She could hear the snickers of her peers as she passed them but she paid them no mind. Today was just too good of a day to be bothered with such trivial matters. She could see Nico and Piper waiting for her at her locker. With a small bounce in her step she approached them and grinned wider when they noticed her. Her friends differed greatly in personality. Piper was strong and determined and her clothes were about as ordinary as could be. On a dangerous day she might wear a floral pattern. She didn't need fancy clothes to look beautiful; she did no matter what she was wearing. Annabeth had met her ten years ago when they were both seven. Their father's had worked together for a few short months and Piper had remembered her face when they met again on the playground. Piper had played kickball with Annabeth when the other kids wouldn't; she wasn't even that mad when Annabeth accidently kicked the ball at her temple. Nico on the other hand, had always had a scary approach to him. Piper and Annabeth had met him five years ago when they were all twelve; he had been at the summer camp they were all attending. Annabeth dove after him when some kids pushed him into the lake and Piper had snuck out with him after hours to get pie from the kitchen. They've all been inseparable since. He was easily pushed around and mocked but his dark clothes and his dark eyes and ever present bored outlook kept most bullies at bay. He was almost terrifying when he glared but wonderfully handsome when he smiled. "Someone's in a good mood!" Piper cheered sweetly. "What's going on?" "I finally finished the final verse." Annabeth informed them both happily. "It's taken me forever but I've finally finished my song. Just in time for the talent show too!" "Hey that's great!" Nico applauded lightly before pulling her into a hug. Piper followed after him and Annabeth bit her lip to control her smile. You could never look to happy at Goode High or you get a smoothie to the face. It was almost like the students here hated happiness. Annabeth pulled out her journal from her book bag and presented it to them both. As her two closest friends read over her work, Annabeth busied herself with her locker. She needed her math notebook today. A few loud cheers down the hall made Annabeth look up. She bit her lip again when she noticed Percy Jackson and his friends walking down the hall. Percy was the star quarterback and head captain for the swim team. Annabeth had him in a few of her classes but she had never actually had a conversation with him because he was constantly surrounded by their peers. He was king around this school and she doubted he even knew it. Annabeth swooned when she saw his smile. Percy was easy on the eyes; his sea green eyes were always wide and sparkled with excitement. His black hair would occasionally fall into his eyes and Annabeth knew she wasn't the only girl around who wanted to brush it away for him. His smile was always wide and infectious; she remembered when she first saw it. She walked straight into the lockers because it was so blinding. As he grew closer she began to adjust her shirt. She bit her lip as she glanced down at her anchor sweater and ripped leggings. She rolled her eyes when she saw the pizza sauce stain on her left shoe; she wasn't the most presentable. Should she try to say something? "Uh oh." Nico tssked teasingly. "Seems like someone found Percy." Piper sighed and glanced down the hall to see the popular boys approaching. She leaned back against Annabeth's now closed locker door and crossed her arms irritably. "I don't see the big deal." She grumbled to deaf ears. "So they can throw and catch a ball. Its not like they're curing world hunger every Friday." "It's not the game I'm attracted to." Nico chirped. Annabeth rolled her eyes good naturedly and tried to find the nerve to say something to him today. He was getting closer. "They aren't even that attractive and yet the women around this school treat them like gods." Piper said with her own eye roll. Jason Grace stopped as he passed her and took a few steps back to stand in front of her. Annabeth felt all the air leave her body. Percy Jackson was standing right next to her and she was almost positive her head strong friend was about to be smoothied. "Want to repeat that McLean?" Jason taunted with an easy smirk. "I must be going deaf cause I swore I just heard you say we weren't attractive?" "No, your hearing is just fine." Piper snapped. "I most certainly said you lunkhead football players were unattractive. Not only are you crude and mean but you're all stereotypical bullies. You pick on those smaller then you so you can feel like the big man on campus. You're pathetic." "Um okay Piper!" Nico shouted as he rushed to grab the angry girl. His attempts to pull her away were useless. Her eyes were still angrily locked onto Jason's. Annabeth flinched as she watched Jason's jaw tense. "Seriously Piper." Annabeth said gently. She kept her eyes on her friend as she felt the stares of everyone in the hall. "Let's not do this okay? Don't pick a fight with this guy. He isn't worth it." "You should listen to your loser friend McLean." Jason snapped. "You don't want to mess with me." "Or what? You gonna throw another smoothie in my face?" Jason glanced behind him and laughed. He licked his lips and shook his head. " I won't." He assured them easily. He pointed behind him and Annabeth didn't even have a second to realize what was happening. Quick as a flash, Jason side stepped out of the way and snickered as Leo Valdez threw a giant smoothie into their faces. Piper got the worst of it from her position and Annabeth shut her eyes tightly as her skin burned from the ice cold drink. " He will." Jason snickered. Annabeth popped open one eye to stare at Percy pleadingly, hoping for once he might actually do something to help. He barely met her eye before lowering his gaze to the floor. Annabeth quickly wiped her eyes dry of both oncoming tears and blue liquid. She could feel Nico drying off her shoulders. Jason and Leo shared a quick high five before letting their team mates tackle them with cheers. Annabeth continued to stare at Percy. "You're just going to let them do this to us time after time?" Annabeth asked disbelievingly. She never thought her first words to Percy Jackson would be negative but she was tired of him not standing up to them; she was paying the price time and time again. When Percy glanced back at his friends and shrugged, Annabeth felt her shoulders slump in defeat. "If it helps… I'm really sorry Annabel." Percy mumbled softly before dashing ahead to catch up with his friends. She never thought Percy's first words to her would sting so badly. "My name's Annabeth." She whispered sadly to his retreating figure. She knew he couldn't hear her. Annabeth turned to Nico and sighed. He smiled at her comfortingly before offering her a small towel from his locker. They chose to ignore Piper's quiet fuming behind them and quickly dried off. Annabeth bit her lip as she took of her anchor sweater. "I really liked this sweater." She moaned as she hung it up in her locker. Nico smiled uneasily and quickly wrapped his arm around her shoulder. "Sorry babe." He sneered as he glanced down at her top. "I know what just happened really sucked but that sweater deserved to be smoothied." 0~0~0~0~0 Jason moaned into her mouth as he gently pressed her up against the locked door. As he began to place light pepper kisses on her neck, she sighed. As much as she loved doing this with him, being with him, Piper couldn't take much more. Her resolve was wearing thin and she felt it was about time she told him. She gently pushed Jason's shoulder and rolled her eyes when he ignored her. She pushed him a little harder and placed her hand on his chest so she could see his face. "What's wrong?" Jason asked sweetly, his hands reaching up to cup her cheeks. Piper rolled her lips and wondered how he could be so two faced. When it was just the two of them, Jason was the sweetest boy she had ever met but as soon as they were out in the open he was king of the assholes. "I don't know how much longer I can do this." She mumbled lowly. Jason pulled her closer and kissed her lips quickly. "Babe we have twenty minutes until free period ends. We have time." Piper groaned in annoyance and once again pushed him away. Jason stared at her confused and she quickly took pity on him and reached down to intertwine their fingers. "I meant you and me." She specified carefully. "I don't know if I should be with you anymore." Jason pushed away from her to stare at her. Confusion and hurt swam through his perfect blue eyes and Piper wished she hadn't have said anything. She was in physical pain having him stare at her like that. He gently squeezed their fingers together and continued to stare at her; it was almost like he didn't really believe she had actually said what she did. Piper sighed. "Jason…" She started regretfully but Jason quickly cut her off with a swift hug. He pushed his body as close to hers as he could get and squeezed hard enough she swore she could feel his rapid beating heart. "Please… Please." Jason begged in her ear. "Please don't do this. I couldn't be without you. I love you." Piper let herself enjoy the embrace for a few seconds before slowly pushing him away. She shook her head slowly and reached up to cup his cheek. "I know you do." She mumbled. "I love you too but this is becoming too hard Jason. I have to watch you cozy up to other girls every day and listen to you insult me. You let Leo throw a smoothie in my face today." Piper hadn't realized a tear had escaped her eye until Jason slowly wiped it away. She quickly pushed back all her tears and took a breath. She wouldn't cry in front of him; she couldn't if she was actually going to do this. "You know why we have to hide." Jason reminded her gently. Piper bit her lip and shook her head again. She took a step backwards; she was now closer to the door. She felt like she couldn't breathe. "Yeah I know." She