Hey guys! Hopefully one of my other stories brought you here but welcome! I'm really excited about this story and I hope you are too! I'm pretty sure it will be written in just Annabeth's POV but we'll see what happens in the future! Just to see if people like the story I'm asking for...five reviews and at least five favorites or follows okay? "How many animals in a home does it take to make a zoo? Hmm let's see... Four brothers, One sister." I never wanted to stand out. I didn't want any attention. Okay I take that back. I never wanted any unnecessary attention. I mean, who wants negative attention? When I pass a test or do well in my classes then I'll accept a pat on the back. My Mom wouldn't except anything less than perfect when it comes to grades, I've never been one to let her down. As much as I wished that people would never notice me they did…Just not in the way I wanted though. When you're a Chase, especially in this town? You're noticed. My life has been pretty easy going. Of course like everyone else I have those bad days. You know bad hair, late to class, failing a test but the universe straightens out and everything returns to normal. I do well in school, I hang out with my friends and I deal with my family just as good as anybody would. I never thought there could be something more than that though. There's more to life than just going through the day, just getting by not enjoying it. But don't get me wrong! I have the best friends in the world and I love my family more than anything. I have a nice life; I just didn't realize I was missing something. Until he came. Everything changed when he came. 0~0~0~0~0 I have four older brothers. Four handsome, annoying and unfortunately overprotective brothers. To add salt to the wound; I'm the youngest, though Alex is only four minutes older. Our Dad passed down something that bonds us all together so tightly though, wrestling. My Dad started wrestling when he was a kid and fell in love with it. When he breeded with our Mother he passed down that love. The oldest of the Chase children is my brother Jayden. But we just call him Jay. He's the splitting image of our Dad. Dirty blonde hair, brown eyes, wrestling champ. He's 22 now. Freshly out of collage but not sure what to do with himself yet. He moved back into the house but I doubt it'll be permanent. He works down at the auto part store, so he has a job. He also teaches some classes at a small family friend's gym. In collage he got into MMA, he evens teaches younger kids some moves. He has a beautiful girlfriend named Sophie. She's great but I think she's expecting a ring from him… He's confused right now but soon enough he'll figure it out and move out again. But I do enjoy having him here, I missed him a lot more than I thought I would. Something else that seems to run in the family; twins. When Jay was around four my parents got pregnant again. This time with Nicholas and Nathan. But we only call Nick his real name when we're really pissed off or when Mom's about ready to rip his head off. See the twins aren't….the best. As bad as that sounds I'm not sure how else to describe them! They have a new girlfriend every week, they hardly help around the house and if it weren't for the fact that they had to have at least C's for wrestling (And of course their brilliant sister) they would constantly be failing their classes! They're eighteen but they act like they're eight! They are intense identical twins. Just like Jay they have my Dad's dirty blonde hair and brown eyes, but honestly I don't get how they have girls falling at their feet. Sometimes they can be bubbling idiots. Next in line only one short year later my parents got pregnant a final time with my twin Alex and I. Annabeth and Alex, Nick and Nathan. My parents love matching our names together. But on November 21th my parents finally got it right. Alex was born four minutes before me, something he loves to hold over me even seventeen years later. Alex and I got my Mom's bright blonde hair and her grey eyes so we look a lot alike. We even share a lot of the same likes. He's even shy! He's more of a nerd then a jock but he still wrestles alongside my brothers. I did too when I was younger but they dubbed it 'too dangerous' so now I watch from the sidelines as a manager. My Mom and Dad met in high school, though they didn't start dating until their senior year. They dated all throughout collage and in their last year they got pregnant with Jay. After he was born my Dad proposed and he and my Mom moved away from the busy city to settle down in the town of Willow Valley. Granted it's not the best town around but it's small enough to where everybody knows everybody. Mom's an architect and I plan to follow in her footsteps. Dad was never really sure what to do with his life but he found some fun in being a dentist. How I'm not sure, but if he's happy….Due to their smart money saving and them working their butts off the past twenty years they were able to afford the house we live in now. Four bedroom, three bath. Nick and Nathan share a room, my parents share, Jay has his own...Alex and I used to share but when I turned fifteen my parents let me move up into the attic. It's more spacious then one would think! We also have a big basement down below our kitchen. My brothers turned it into a gym to work out and wrestle in. We live a little outside of Willow Valley. Outside of our house we're surrounded by seven acres of grassy field. In the far corner we have a barn for our two horses Arabella and Lil' Sebastian. We mostly have the large field for them. Arabella is a beautiful grey Arabian. My Dad bought her about fifteen years ago because her coat reminded her of my Mom's eyes. Though she is technically my Mom's horse since I take care of her I think of her as my own. Lil' Sebastian is my brother's and I's horse, though I take care of him too my brothers and I named him. He's a brown miniature horse and an absolute sweetheart! Since he looks a lot like the one on the show Parks and Recreation, one of our favorite shows we named him what the show did. Lil' Sebastian. We also have a golden retriever. She's ten now and her name is Benny. The boys wanted a boy dog to name it Ben but she turned out being a girl. My Dad got her for mine and Alex's seventh birthday but she's my dog. Alex knows it, my family knows it, hell everyone knows it! Benny walks with me in town, she's always with me! If I could take her to school I would! It's funny but I didn't like Benny at first. As a seven year old I thought the small lab puppy was a little to hyper for me but once she jumped on me and gave me her love and kisses I was sold. Later that night I was singing happily in my room when little Benny came in. She started howling along and we became best friends right there. Ten years later that friendship as grown even more. We even have our own song! How cool is that? Though Benny is my furry best friend I do have human ones. I met Rachel Dare two years ago when we were freshman together. We had Mr. Sigel together, the worst teacher ever. We helped each other pass the class. Thus becoming best friends! Rachel is a little bit of a rich girl but she doesn't show it too often. She's pretty laid back about it. She's also an amazing artist! She's going to be famous for her paintings someday. Next is Piper McLean. She too is a rich girl. (I don't know how or why but I keep meeting them.) She shows off a little with her clothes and new phone but she isn't snobby about it, she evens offers to take us out often for girl shopping days. Something I'm not really used too. Piper seems to have a way with the boys. She doesn't whore around but it's like she can get boys to do whatever they want. But for some reason she only has her eyes set on her boyfriend Jason. Jason and Thalia Grace hands down have to be my best (human) friends. Alex is my best friend too but he's my twin so he doesn't count as much. Mr. Grace and my Mom go way back so he was so excited when my family moved here. He was so excited in fact that he moved a fifteen minute walk away from us. So Thalia and Jason are my neighbors and friends. Jason is a bit of a typical. Blonde hair, blue eyes. He's a wrestler too though and my brothers adore him….I do too but he'll never know that. He's Nick and Nathan's age which means, along with them he'll be graduating this year. Thalia (thank goodness) is my age. We've grown up together making her and Jason our extended family. I love them to death. I love Thalia so much that I won't knock her teeth out for waking me up. "Annabeth! You awake?" I lazily opened one eye and groaned. I slowly sat up and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. "Now I am! What do you want?" Thalia smirked and sat down on my bed. "Well then birthday girl woke up cranky." I glared at her but it soon turned into a smile when I saw the large balloons in the middle of my room. "Yeah well you should have let me sleep in." I crawled out of bed and over to my dresser. The lights were off but the large window in the far end of the room lit the room plenty. "I did let you sleep in! Annabeth it's two!" I checked the clock and was shocked to see it did read two in the afternoon. "Well sorry! We were hanging out late last night." Thalia gave me a look and crossed her arms. "Annabeth ten thirty is not late." I shrugged and grabbed one of my brother's old wrestling hoodies. It was only slightly bigger than me, must be Alex's. I pulled off my pajama bottoms and pulled on some jeans. I felt around in my top drawer for socks as Thalia talked. "Whatever. Well the other birthday child is up and downstairs. You two don't have to help with the party but I do! It's unfair!" I rolled my eyes at her scowl but smiled in victory when I felt socks. When I pulled them out I frowned a little to find them mismatched but whatever. When you need socks you don't care what color they are! "Sorry Thals but I didn't even want this party. I don't think Alex did either!" Thalia nodded and we began walking down the stairs to the second floor hall. I could hear Nick and Nathan arguing in their room as we passed. "I know that but you know as well as I do that your parents were gonna throw this party anyway! It's your guy's seventeenth birthday!" I nodded and pulled her into a hug at the bottom of the stairs. "Thanks for