~12 Years Old~ He stepped through the security gate, eyes wide with fascination. Buttons glowed as they passed by. His twelve year old mind amazed by everything he was seeing. His mother watched him from the other side of the large gate as it slowly began to shut with nervous eyes and clasped hands but he only offered her a bright smile and a wave before the principle was leading him towards the front doors. The guards that had escorted them to the building were still frowning as they escorted his mother back to their car. The atmosphere was exhilarating and unlike his other schools, he began to feel at home right away. No one was staring at him as if he was a monster; no one was watching him as if they were waiting for him to attack them all. His mom had told him the stories and he knew people were afraid of what he was but here, no one seemed to care. The students walking by continued on with their daily lives, ignoring him completely or barely glancing his way. It was refreshing to not be the freak for once; to be in a place where someone like him was considered normal. " We've been waiting for a student just like you Mr. Jackson." Principle Alvis complimented. "If I may be frank, you complete the set. We have plenty of other students who have special abilities such as yourself but only three others can control the elements; you four are going to be the key to protecting our country's problems. Here you will be safe." " Woah." Percy gasped when Principle Alvis pushed open the main door. The school was huge. Marble walls seemingly stretching forever and a ceiling that seemed to be as high as the clouds themselves. Students wandered through the halls absently; millions of conversations going on at once. Percy saw a girl with green tinted skin laugh; a bright, yellow flower blooming behind her ear as she did. A boy with curly brown hair walked by; his tool belt clanking against his hip. A large robot followed behind him like a lost puppy and Percy was amazed when the boy flicked his wrist and the robot's palm morph to have a small cup holder. The boy grinned and placed his drink in the holder before continuing on his way. A girl slammed her locker shut with enough force to bend it completely; the lockers surrounding it even seemed to shake. A boy laughed happily as he zipped down the hall; Percy blinked and in the second it took, the boy had disappeared. Percy's smile widened as he took everything in. Then he remembered the principle's words and gasped excitedly. " You mean I get to be a superhero!?" Principle Alvis chuckled but nodded. " In a way." He agreed. "You may know about the creatures attacking the world and how schools just like ours have been scattered across the globe to help gather students with gifts like yours to protect us." " Wow." Percy whispered. "I'm gonna be a super hero." Principle Alvis chuckled and ushered him down the hall with another wave. Percy was still awestruck by the school and the students inside. He could hear the principle greeting several students by name and wondered if he would be as well liked as Principle Alvis. They came to stop in front of a steel door. Principle Alvis smiled comfortingly. " Now Percy, I know how wonderful your gift is. You're one of the main four; almost a national treasure. I want you to meet the other three. They will become your partners in the fight against evil and hopefully in time…your friends." Percy held his breath as Principle Alvis slowly pushed open the door. He heard the swoosh before feeling the hot air smack his skin; his eyes shutting from the sensation. Percy held up his hands defensively and a water shield that quickly hardened into ice formed in front of his hands. The air grew quiet; the heat disappeared. Percy released the water shield with a sheepish smile; he wasn't used to controlling it quite yet. Principle Alvis eyes were almost sparkling from the display. Percy looked into the room to find three people staring back at him. He could almost guess their talents based on how they presented themselves. The boy who floated two feet off the ground, a happy smile on his face, was clearly able to control the air around him. When his sky blue eyes met Percy's sea green ones, he lifted his hand in a wave before bowing quickly in greeting. Principle Alvis straighten next to him. " Jason Grace; Air." The dark haired girl next to him cracked her knuckles with a smirk as she sized him up. Her blue eyes were gleaming with mischief. She was barefoot despite being indoors and Percy wasn't surprised to see a crusty layer of dried mud coating the bottom of her feet. If feet could have abs; Percy was sure hers would have an eight pack. She wiggled her toes and Percy felt the ground rumbling beneath him as if it was purring for her. " Thalia Grace; Earth." When Percy turned to meet the last person in the room; he swore all the air left his lungs. This girl had to be fire; she was hot. Percy blushed at his thoughts. Not hot in the attractive sense –though who was he kidding she was —but the way she carried herself just screamed dangerous, uncontrollable if handled the wrong way, and beautiful; everything fire was. Percy felt his throat go dry when her steel eyes narrowed. Everything about her was intimidating in an exciting way. He figured he should be afraid of her; more wary then interested because she was his opposite but he couldn't tear his eyes away. Principle Alvis cleared his throat when he regarded her. " Annabeth Chase: Fire." Annabeth. Percy mused to himself. Now that was a name he knew he would remember. Annabeth's eyes flickered over to Principle Alvis's but ultimately settled back on his. Percy gulped under her heated gaze and offered her a sheepish wave. Her eyes narrowed but she said nothing. " Are you going to give Percy a demonstration?" Principle Alvis asked curiously, his tone suggesting it was more of a demand then a suggestion. Annabeth trained her glare on him and Percy felt a shiver go down his spine. She lifted her hands, fingers spread and palms up but clenched them tightly. " No." The one word was somehow cold as ice. Principle Alvis's eyes narrowed and they had a small showdown before Percy coughed to try and defuse the tension. He lifted his own hand and let water swirl around his fingertips. Though they had seen his display of protection earlier, Percy knew it was still a sight to see when his made water float in the air as if it was weightless. Jason gasped and dropped to the ground silently as he leaned closer to watch. " It's beautiful." He whispered appreciatively. Percy smiled. " Percy Jackson; Water." He introduced himself. Principle Alvis grinned and shoved him a little closer to the trio before heading towards the door. " Yes, well why don't the four of you get to know each other and meet me in the gym in a few hours?" His eyes drifted over to Annabeth's. "You're running the show today; don't forget." " How could I? You're constantly reminding me." Principle Alvis merely smiled at her tone and disappeared behind the closed steel door. Percy sighed and turned to meet his new partners with a bright smile. Jason smiled back, Thalia looked at him as if he was fresh meat and Annabeth regarded him with steel eyes. He clapped his hands together and let water cover them like gloves. " I have a good feeling about this!" 0~0~0~0~0 Annabeth slowly breathed in and held her breath for a few seconds before deeply exhaling. The room was growing warmer and a thin layer of sweat coated her skin as she continued to meditate. The torches she had lit to prevent herself from being in complete darkness were growing and shrinking in synch with her breaths and even with her eyes closed, Annabeth could still feel them moving across from her. The fire seemed to hum to her the larger she let it grow. Annabeth shhh. Just stay in there a little longer. You can breathe; the dark can't hurt you. Annabeth felt her eye twitch and a few small embers broke free of her control to lick her skin as they sizzled out in the air around her. Taking a longer breath, she tried to drown out his words and replace them with her own. Annabeth shhh. Just stay in there a little longer. You can breathe; the dark can't hurt you. It was always those words; those haunting words that always seemed to follow her no matter where she went. Meditation was supposed to help her control her power and escape into her mind to bring her spiritual peace. She had regrets and guilts that she could never truly atone for but taking these moments of the day to simply breathe and be with her element could help her forget, if only for a few minutes. She could forget what she was, what she did and what had happened to her…if only for a few minutes. Just as she began to recontrol her emotions and her fire, there was a loud knock on her door. The kind of knock that had her gasping lightly and making her eyes pop open. The very same knock she heard every morning for the past five years. Annabeth rubbed her temple as she uncrossed her legs and stood up to walk towards the door. She wasn't ready for this yet. He would greet her the same way he did every morning. When the door slid open, Percy grinned at her brightly and offered her a breakfast muffin; her favorite one. "Hey Annabeth! I thought I would come and get you a few minutes early so we could walk to the gym together. The welcome ceremony is starting soon." The welcome ceremony. The ceremony they held every year to welcome the newest of abnormals into their school. The same ceremony that put her and her partners smack in the middle of the school for everyone to stare at. They were supposed to represent all the abnormals and unite them but Annabeth felt like she was being studied under bright lights and judged for what she was. She tried to find ways out of going every year and every year she still found herself under those stares. Annabeth held back a tired sigh. She must have been making a face because Percy smiled at her sympathetically and easily stepped past her to enter her room. He turned her to face him and wrapped an arm around her shoulder before offering her the muffin again. "You know he only puts us on display like that because the four of us are one of kind. Only four abnormals can be elementals in each generation. We're basically poster boys for this place y'know? And we're practically superheroes known around the globe." Annabeth grabbed the muffin and easily shrugged off his arm. She glared at the muffin as she picked at it. Once she noticed the flames of the torches growing as her irritation did, she took another breath and glanced up at Percy as patiently as she could. "We're rarely seen as heroes Percy and you know why." "We've had some papers and news reporters call us heroes. Not everyone sees us as monsters." Annabeth's eyes fell back to her muffin and the hands that held it. The burns on the rest of her body had faded over time but the burns on her palms had never disappeared; faded maybe but still