" To be a good father, you have to accept your role as number 2. It's no longer about YOU, it's about your kids first. A man who takes pride in being a father will Always try his hardest to be the best father he can be Take care of your responsibility; no matter what." -The thoughts of a good man Disclaimer: Don't own anything you recognize. *Two Months* Eighteen year old Nico di' Angelo was living the good life. He may not know where his biological parents are but he has Ernie and his best friend Annabeth. He has friends! He never had anyone besides Annabeth to hang out with. Now he has four more friends he could consider family. He's the proud Godfather of Annabeth's two beautiful twins and a savior of New York. He has a cool metal reminder of the war he survived every time he picks something up. He was happy; something he hasn't been in a long time. He has everything going for him. Which is why he was completely baffled when his long time on again off again fling shows up at his door after disappearing for a year. What's even more confusing is the baby in her arms. "Nicole? Who's baby is that?" He asked cautiously, his mind already giving him the answer. The girl just smiles and thrusts the baby girl into his arms. He blinks and stares down at the small bundle, already mentally freaking out that she has his dark eyes. "She's ours. Or well now yours. I can't deal with an Abnormal baby! I want no part in that…that mess!" The baby started to cry at the sound of her Mother's shouting. Nicole just scoffed and threw a baby bag into poor Nico's apartment. She gave a little wave as she strutted down the hall. "W-Wait!" Nico shouted after her. "You can't just leave her with me! I don't know how to take care of a baby!" He protested. Nicole just shrugged and pressed down on the elevator. "Ask one of your friends." She stepped into the elevator. "Oh by the way I haven't named her. I thought I'd give her Father the pleasure! See you around Nico." With one last sick smile the elevator door shut. Nico started to run his free hand through his hair nervously as his daughter cried. As his only option Nico shadow traveled to Annabeth's home, the small baby's cries echoing throughout the room even after she was gone. *Six Months* As all the invited guests danced and had fun at the reception Nico found himself hidden away in the bathroom, an overly excited baby wiggling his arms. He cooed at her trying to get her calm enough so he could change her. "Hey shh shh Baby you're okay! You need to get out of that diaper though don't you? Huh? Yeah you do!" He cooed as the small girl started to whimper in protest. Thanks to his experience with Adan and Dylan Nico could change diapers fairly quickly, Echo wasn't upset long. Once she was changed and her dirty diaper was thrown away Nico picked up his daughter and smoothed out her dress. "Alright!" Nico grunted out as he picked Echo up. "Let's go party!" When he stepped out into the hall and saw everyone dancing he smiled. He walked over to sit down at one of the tables as the twins walked over. Adan poked his leg while Dylan made funny faces at baby Echo. "Why is she sad?" Adan asked curiously. Nico glanced down at his daughter and frowned. The baby didn't look exactly happy to be here. "I'm not sure Adan. Wanna help me make her happy again?" The small girl nodded, her black curls bouncing. So the three of them started to make funny faces at the baby in hopes of earning a special smile. They were unsuccessful for thirty minutes. Dylan sighed in defeat. Just as all hope was lost Nico tried one last tactic. He held out his palm for all three kids to see. Echo's eyes stared at his skin curiously. She let out a gleeful cheer as Nico's mist started to fill the air around them. Dylan smiled and cheered as Echo continued to giggle. Out of the corner of his eye Nico could see Percy and Annabeth nodding over at him. Their approving smiles didn't seem to mean as much to the Shadow King…especially not when his daughter was giggling in his arms. *One Year* Nineteen year old Nico sat on his couch, completely bored. Annabeth, Percy and the twins were away for the weekend doing something family related. Thalia was nowhere to be found and he wasn't about to be a third wheel with Jason and Piper. Plus even if he wanted to go out and do something he couldn't find a babysitter for Echo. So he was stuck here, mindlessly flipping through the TV channels. He took a glance at his daughter. She was still in her playpen (something Percy had given him as a gift. Apparently Adan didn't need it anymore) The small girl was playing with a plush dragon, waving it around before smacking it to the ground. She was gurgling nonsense so Nico turned back to the TV. Once he finally found a show worth watching Echo started to whimper. She used her hand to tap the side of her pen but Nico didn't notice over the sound of the TV. The small girl frowned and tried tapping the side of the pen again but her Dad still couldn't hear her. How else was she supposed to be fed if the man with the food wouldn't listen? "Dada!" She shouted. Nico mutely the TV and looked over at her shocked. "Dada! Dada! Dada!" She shouted again, each time louder than the last. Nico sprung off the couch excitedly and raced over to his daughter. With his metal hand he lifted her carefully out of the playpen to set her on his hip. "What was that Baby? What did you say?" "Dada!" The girl cried out again. Seriously how hard was it for him to understand she was hungry? How many times would she need to say the word? Nico lit up with joy and he spun his daughter around once. He poked her belly before peppering her face with kisses. Her joyful giggles rung through the room, echoing against the walls. "That's right Baby. I'm your Dada! Good job!" After celebrating her first word for another minute Nico noticed the time. He mock gasped and looked down at his daughter. He started heading for their small kitchen. "Wow is that the time? You must be hungry. You want some food?" The small girl eyed the food, a smile appearing instantly. "Dada!" *Four years* "Daddy! Dylan took my dragon!" Nico sighed tiredly and shared a look with his long time best friend. The blonde shrugged before handing her own daughter the water she asked for. Nico turned in his seat to look down at his fuming daughter. Though the situation should be taken seriously Nico couldn't help but crack a grin. The little four year old was dressed in spider web leggings and a black tutu, and a zombie skull T-shirt tucked into said tutu. Her dark eyes were staring up into her father's expectantly as her chubby arms crossed over her chest to show just how angry she was. Nico bent over to pick up the growing girl. He tightened her messy ponytail as she reached for his water. As she drank Nico gave her a small smile. "Can't you share the dragon with Dylan? I'm sure he just wants to play with it." The girl finished drinking and stubbornly shook her head. "No Dodo is my dragon!" Nico sighed and snuck a glance at Annabeth. She was busy talking to her husband and daughter. He stood up quietly, taking his daughter into his arms as he did so. He snuck one last glance at the Jackson family as he crept outside. He could see the target playing with Dodo in the backyard. He held up his palm for his daughter to see. She grinned evilly as the mist appeared. He smirked at her and leaned closer to whisper, "Let's go get Dodo back!" *Six Years* "Daddy do I have to go? Six year old Echo di' Angelo whined as her Father led her to the gate. He crouched down next to her and nodded a bit sadly. "Yeah Baby you do. But you'll have so much fun! Adan and Dylan loved it and I'm sure you will too!" The little girl pouted and reached over to grab her Daddy's much larger hand. Since she couldn't grip his entire hand she settled for grabbing two fingers. The cold metal felt comforting against her soft skin. She glanced inside the gate and frowned when she saw all the girls in pink dresses or bright colors. She glanced down at her black pants and red zombie T-shirt. She pouted again and looked up at her Father. "But I'm different." Her lower lip started to tremble. "The other kids won't like me." Small tears started to build in her dark eyes and Nico started to panic. He hated seeing her cry. He used his human hand to wipe away her tears. "It's okay to be different." He held out his metal hand. "Daddy's different too but he's the coolest guy around right?" The small girl sniffed but nodded. Nico grinned and wiped her cheeks dry. As he moved to stand up he kissed the top of her head. Once he was fully standing he reached out his hand for the girl to take. "You'll have fun Baby. I promise. And if you don't like it you don't have to come back." The girl pondered this for a minute before nodding. That sounded fair. As they got closer to the door she squeezed his hand to make him look at her. "Will you use the magic on anyone who tries to take Dodo?" Nico grinned and glanced around. Once noticing no one was around he held up his palm, letting the dark mist roam free. He winked down at the excited little girl. "You betcha kiddo." *Eight years* "I'm so sorry Mrs. Witten I don't know what's gotten into her. She's normally a very good girl." Nico glared down at his daughter, she was still thrashing in his arms trying to get back into the classroom. Nico had rushed down here only to find out his daughter had started a fight with another girl. Echo had beaten her up. The girl's teacher frowned and shook her head disapprovingly. Her glare was aimed more at Nico then his daughter. "I'm sure…But maybe this is an act she's used too. If you Abnormals weren't so violent then maybe you wouldn't pass that onto your children." Nico's grip on his daughter loosened as he took in the women's words. He stood up to glare at her. At twenty six he was still in pretty good shape, and standing a few inches taller than the teacher. He stared down at the women and lifted his metal hand. "If I was violent then I would have trashed this room by now. You can expect my daughter out of your class by tomorrow." He didn't wait for her response. He picked up his still angry daughter, threw her over his shoulder and left the building. Once they were back in the car he put her seatbelt on and looked over at her. "Why did you start a fight with that girl Echo? You know better!" He scolded. Echo just crossed her arms and huffed, her eyes moving to stare out the window. "Echo answer me." The girl was quiet for a minute before looking over at her Father sadly. She sniffed and wiped her eyes. "Lindsey was bragging about her dance school having a Mommy\Daughter day. She