The much awaited one shot. So be warned this is by far the longest one shot I've ever written. It's 39 pages, 16,241 words. Its basically little snippets of our character's lives before the outbreak. I only own the OCs. Hope you enjoy! ~Kate Green~ *Six months before outbreak* Kate smiled to herself as her eyes slowly fluttered open. She could hear muffled voices outside her door and quickly pretended to be asleep so she wouldn't ruin their surprise. Today, Kate was turning eighteen. The big one-eight! She was now officially a young adult and able to legally do things she couldn't yesterday; it felt good. Quickly rolling back over when she heard the door open, Kate tried to even out her breathing so her guests would still think she was asleep. She could hear more shuffling before their voices rang out loudly throughout the room. "Happy birthday!" Kate jumped a foot in the air, not expecting them to be so loud and ended up flinging herself off her bed and onto the floor. Her brothers immediately burst into laughter as her face flushed heavily. Kate glanced up to glare at them and was stunned to see Maya and Troy standing in her room across from her. Maya smiled at her kindly and reached down to help her up. Kate felt exposed in Vincent's boxers and her thin tank top but no one seemed to notice. Troy smiled at her brightly and reached over to wrap her in a tight hug. She smiled into his shoulder when he picked her up and spun her lightly. Kate felt like she was on cloud nine when Troy released her from his warm hug but kept his arm around her shoulder. Her parents both offered her hugs and kisses before heading downstairs to get her breakfast. Vincent grinned as he shoved two roses into her hands. He wrapped an arm around Mason's shoulders. "Those are from us!" He told her proudly. Kate rolled her eyes affectionately and leaned down to smell her flowers, slightly leaning more into Troy's arms. Maya pulled a bag up from the floor and pulled out the top of a light blue dress. It was soft and smooth and Kate immediately fell in love with it. "This is from me!" Maya announced happily. "If you want to, you can wear it for your party tonight." Kate nodded and Maya easily turned and hung it up in her closet. Kate was going to have a Tangled themed birthday and she had spent weeks looking for a dress, only to have Maya solve her problem for her. Once it got dark, her family was going to play "I See the Light." as they released lanterns into the sky. Kate was so excited and she was even happier knowing Troy was going to be there watching them with her. "I definitely will. Thank you Maya." Maya smiled and glanced over at Troy before the small girl began to push Mason and Vincent out of the room. Kate blushed heavily when her best friend winked at her. Vincent whined as he got closer to the door. Her brothers weren't morons; they knew about her feelings and they both knew exactly what Maya was doing. "Oh ew Maya!" Vincent moaned. "Don't be a wingman! That's our sister!" "And that's my best friend." Maya told him with a giggle. "It's my job to get you guys out of the way. We should go help your parents anyway. I'm sure there's bacon down there for you Vince." Kate watched her younger brother's face split into a large grin before he was rushing out of her room and down the stairs. If you wanted Vincent to do anything, giving him bacon was a good choice. Mason shot her a look but he easily let Maya lead him out of her bedroom. Once they were alone, Kate turned to Troy nervously. He didn't seem as affected as her about being alone. Despite the fact it was her birthday and she was receiving gifts, Kate realized that this morning wasn't any different from any others. Her parents did Saturday breakfast mornings weekly and Troy and Maya were always present for all of them. Her party was going to start later on in the day but Kate could guess that they would all be passing the time with video games and food; just like they did every Saturday. It may be repetitive but Kate wouldn't trade those times for anything. Troy slowly unwrapped his arm from her shoulder and Kate quickly refocused. He seemed mildly nervous and her heart began to dance in her chest. "Troy?" Troy smiled bashfully and walked out into the hall, only to return seconds later with a small wrapped gift. It was a rectangle and if Kate didn't know any better, she would think he gave her a video game. Based on his pink cheeks and nervous grin, she could guess it wasn't. Kate smiled to herself as she slowly began to unwrap the gift. When the pink wrapping was gone, Kate froze as she looked at her gift. It was two side by side pictures of the two of them. Troy had given her framed pictures she didn't even know he had. The one on the left was a picture of them when they were younger. Kate recognized the blue jacket she always wore to kindergarten instantly. Troy was in the second grade. She was laughing in the picture as a muddy Troy offered her a wilted flower. Kate remembered taking the flower from him before tackling him back into the mud to play with her and Mason. The one on the right was much newer, only taken a month ago at her high school graduation party. She was wearing a beautiful dress, her hair curled and a bright smile on her face. Troy was dressed up nicely in a dress shirt and slacks, his arm tightly wrapped around her shoulders and his smile leaving her breathless. She didn't know how he had gotten this second picture. Troy reached up to rub the back of his head. "I've had that graduation picture for a while. Your mom gave me a copy after she got them printed out. I made you a copy for the frame…I have mine hanging up in my room." Kate felt her knees growing weaker at the information and she was thankful her bed was next to her because she was sure she was about to faint. Troy smiled shyly. "I didn't really know what to get you until Mason said you really enjoy seeing pictures from our pasts. I just wanted you to know…uh…you know that I'm always going to be here for you and if you need anyone to talk to…um yeah I can be that person and um….yeah." Kate laughed at his nervous explanation before pulling him into a tight hug. Troy instantly wrapped his arms around her, completely used to her hugging him and Kate melted against his chest. He was warm; he smelled musky and felt like home. Kate snuggled into his shoulder. " Thank you." She whispered. It wasn't a love confession but this gift was so Troy that she was going to remember this moment. Hours later, when her lanterns were floating in the sky and "I See The Light" was playing throughout the air, Kate slowly reached down to intertwine her fingers with Troy's. She quickly realized, picture or not, she would always remember her special moments with him. She was happy. 0~0~0~0~0 ~Mason Green~ *Eight months before outbreak* Mason chuckled to himself from his spot on the deck as he watched Kate completely miss the target and huff. Troy was giving her and Vincent a crash course in shooting a bow and she was struggling. Vincent seemed to be a natural and was easily hitting the target before shooting his sister a teasing grin. That only angered Kate further and Mason was sure if Troy wasn't there, Kate would be tackling Vincent to the ground. The air was warm, a clear signal that summer was coming soon and Mason shut his eyes so he could enjoy it. He could hear his parents cooking dinner happily in the kitchen through the open door and the sound made him smile to himself. Even after all those years together, his parents still acted like high school sweethearts. It made him happy seeing them together. A gentle hand on his shoulder made Mason open his eyes. Maya smiled back at him before offering him a glass of lemonade; his mother's recipe. He took it gratefully and she sat down next to him. "Kate's seconds away from ignoring Troy and tackling Vincent to the ground." Maya informed him with a giggle. Mason smiled. "I was just thinking the same thing." He shook his head. "That girl; she's always such a drama queen." "Vincent's just a punk." Maya argued playfully. "It's a surprise he hasn't gotten tackled more often." "They're both crazy." Mason conceded with a grin. He took a long sip of his lemonade and almost moaned at the taste. Maya smiled as she watched him but ultimately fell into a comfortable silence next to him. Mason was the type to enjoy silence and was thankful that Maya understood that but today, he felt different. Maybe it was the warm weather or the light hearted atmosphere but he wanted her to keep talking. "Have you thought about where you want to go to college?" Maya sighed and Mason worried he had asked a bad question. He had stayed closer to home to be closer to his family but he knew Maya wanted to get as far away from her grandfather as she could. Mason could see the bruises; everyone could but Maya wouldn't leave him no matter how many times Kate begged her too. She could use college as an excuse. "No. I'm too nervous to think about it. I've applied to a few colleges, both close and far but I haven't heard anything back. I'm graduating in two months and my future is right in front of me but I can't help but feel like I'm going to be stuck standing still in Oakwood." Maya glanced over at him and her eyes quickly widened in panic. She threw her hands up passively. "Oh! Not that there's anything wrong with staying in Oakwood!" She cried out worriedly. "I know you're doing well at your school so obviously staying here could be a good thing! I didn't mean-" "Maya chill out, it's okay. I knew what you meant." Mason laughed quietly. "You and I have different situations. I wanted to stay despite the fact that I had other options. I have a good family that loves and supports me. Why wouldn't I stay? You on the other hand…" "It's not always bad." Maya told him quietly. "I know you guys see the bruises and cuts but he doesn't do that all the time. When I clean and cook and come home with good grades, it's like he's my old grandpa again. He even said I remind him of my mom; you know…before she left us to travel the world. Apparently she could have gone anywhere she wanted and instead of settling for one place, she chose them all." Mason quietly watched Maya. She stared out ahead of them, silently watching Troy and his siblings attempt to shoot a bow. She was smiling almost ruefully but her eyes held no sadness or grief. She had moved on from what had happened and Maya was the type to only move forward. Mason admired her for it. "You're one of the strongest people I've ever met you know that?" He asked quietly. He was mildly embarrassed so when Maya turned to stare at him in surprise, Mason kept his gaze forward. "And I'm not just saying that because you're my sister's best friend. The things you have had to put up