Introduction: October 1 st , 2014. 12:40PM As I rushed to find a seat I couldn't help but glance up at the agents every few seconds. They were all standing behind their respective podiums glancing at the screen behind them or at each other. I relaxed when I was finally seated, almost in the middle of the room so I had a decent view. My friend Amber sat next to me in a huff and looked up at the agents, pulling out her notebook. As she pulled out a few pencils she smiled at me. "Excited?" I nodded happily and gestured to the front of the room. "Of course! This is a huge deal! They actually live it daily, who better to get tips from? Are they really the ones from the news?" Amber nodded excitedly, her brown hair waving around. She gripped her glitter pen in her hands tightly. "Yes! Incredible isn't it? All that they've done in such a short amount of time." She sighed dreamily, her gaze moving back to the front. The room had been steadily filling up until it was finally full. David smiled from the other side of me as the room lights dimmed. The agents all focused their attention to us as Professor Urkrane clapped his hands loudly. "Alright students! As we've previously discussed I promised to bring in some agents who work in the field for all of you. They know better than any textbook the true facts about serial killers because they need to get in their heads. So I figured what better teachers for a Criminal Justice class?" He paused and smiled back at the six agents. "So please direct your attention to the front and please…listen up." I mentally squealed as he gave up the floor. Finally! Now the good stuff! The one on the far right spoke up first. She had slightly tan skin, blonde hair that just seemed to naturally curl and the most intimidating grey eyes. She looked formal in her black jeans and blue button up shirt. A casual shoulder bag was placed near her feet. She raised her hand in greeting and started to introduce the others. "Hello, my name is Dr. Annabeth Chase." Even her voice sounded confident, chills ran down my spine and I made a mental note to try and shake her hand later. She gestured to the man on her right. "This is special agent Percy Jackson." The man waved a boyish grin on his face. Annabeth rolled her eyes, though a smile threatened to break through her thinned lips. I tried to hold in a girlish sigh as I studied the agent. No doubt he was attractive, judging by the smiles on the other girls' faces they all thought the same thing. His tan skin stood out more in his white T-shirt. I couldn't see what pants he was wearing because he was standing behind his podium but just from his upper body I could tell he got a lot of female attention. His black hair was falling into his vibrate sea green eyes. He shared a secret smile with Dr. Chase before she gestured to the women next to him. "Next to him is special agent Hazel Levesque." Hazel waved, her golden eyes scanning the crowd to stare at everyone. She was smiling slightly but trying to remain serious despite the situation. Her cinnamon brown hair was resting on her shoulders as she adjusted her shirt. Her dark skin looked wonderful in the golden yellow shirt she was wearing. She waved at someone in the crowd but I couldn't see who. Annabeth smiled at her before gesturing to the man next to her. "That is-" "Special agent Leo Valdez in the house!" He shouted out excitedly. Percy and Hazel both laughed while Annabeth shook her head playfully. I guess we found the joker of the group. He winked at a group of girls near the front making them giggle to each other. His curly brown hair seemed untamed; it only got messier when he ran his grease covered hand through it. He looked down at it and smiled sheepishly before grabbing a rag from his tool belt to wipe it clean. His brown eyes scanned the crowd and seemed to brighten when the landed on a girl in the front of the room. She waved at him sweetly and he sighed and leaned forward on his elbows to stare at her. Well I guess the joker is off the market. "Next to Leo is special agent Jason Grace." Jason nodded in greeting, his blonde hair trying to fall into his eyes. He wiped the hair away and smiled a little awkwardly. His blue eyes scanned all the students and I felt a shiver go down my spine when his eyes met mine. We only held eye contact for a second but it was wonderful. "And last but not least our technical analyst Rachel Dare." Rachel smiled up from her laptop and waved sweetly. Her curly red hair was clipped back, her green eyes bright and alert. Her white T-shirt was covered in paint splotches and her pants had different dots of paint colors everywhere. I'm guessing when she's not in from of a computer she's in front of a canvas. She gestured for Leo to come over to her. "Hey your updates are done." She faced the students. "Leo helps me run the computers around the BAU." Annabeth smiled and faced us again. Rachel clicked a few keys on her laptop and two pictures appeared up on the screen. On the left was a picture of a beautiful women. She was smiling up at the camera from her desk, stacks and stacks of paperwork was surrounding her. Her brown hair was braided into pigtails and her eyes seemed to be three different colors at once. Under her picture her name was written in curvy letters. Piper Mclean. The man in the picture next to her was smiling too. A man stood up in the front seats and waved back at the crowd. Oh he's the man from the picture. Hazel smiled at him. He was a little chubby but it seemed to compliment him. He was fairly tall. His black hair was short and you could clearly see his brown eyes unsure but sparkling. You could tell he was Asian but I suppose that didn't really matter. His name was printed beneath his picture. Frank Zhang. Annabeth gestured to Jason and Hazel. "Piper is the agent who picks our cases. She can spend hours up in her office searching through all the paperwork we receive to pick the case that needs us the most. She and Jason are due to get married in a few months." We all clapped for the announcement as Jason blushed. I could hear Amber curse under her breath in disappointment making me smile and roll my eyes. Hazel smiled and blew a kiss to Frank. She leaned forward. "And Frank and I dating, very happily. He assists Piper and helps around the BAU. Sometimes he can follow us into the field." She smiled again as another round of applause rung around the room. A guy in the front of the room, John I think his name is, raised his hand making Annabeth point to him. "Yeah hey, can you guys just date whoever you want? I mean doesn't that cause problems around the 'office'?" I could see Annabeth and Percy shared a quick glance. None of the other agents noticed. Leo clapped and pointed at David, a smirk easily sliding on his face. "Good question kid. And here's the best answer. Our director is pretty cool about that type of stuff so yes. As long as it doesn't interfere with your work in the field or your decisions he doesn't mind too much. But normally it's just us five up here that go in the field, excluding Rachel of course. And none of us are dating the other so it works well." Another glance between Percy and Annabeth. She coughed a little awkwardly and plastered on a professional smile. "Yes well is there any other questions before we start?" About thirty hands rose into the air instantly. Annabeth sucked in a breath, Percy chuckled, Leo smiled and Rachel and Hazel looked out surprised at our enthusiasm. My own hand rose. We all have been waiting for this for a while! Oh course we're going to use it to our advantage. Rachel clicked on the first slide and Annabeth clapped her hands then pointed to the first student she saw. "Well okay, let's get started. You?" 0~0~0~0~0 Annabeth Chase: October 2 nd , 2014. 7:10 AM I walked into our debriefing room, my sparkling water in my hand. Everyone was already seated, waiting patiently. Percy was looking over the pictures, a frown on his face. Jason was sharing a worried look with Piper. She was in front of the monitor; remote in hand. Rachel was most likely back in her little 'cave' Leo was talking quietly with Hazel. I sat down quietly next to Percy. He shot a little side smile my way but I continued to look ahead. Piper clicked a button on her remote and the gruesome images appeared. Piper sadly looked away but explained the situation. An image of a beautiful girl, no older then eighteen appeared on the screen. Her blue eyes shined back at us filled with life and happiness. Her blonde hair was swept over one shoulder curling down her torso. It was shiny and plump. How healthy hair should look. Piper frowned as she clicked on the remote again. "Ashley Rugen was found dead two months ago by local joggers. She had only been missing four days before they found her. She had been dead for a few hours before she was dumped off the side of the road." Piper took a shuttery breath before continuing. "She had been in a confined area for a number of days. And judging from the marks on her wrists and ankles she was tied up the entire time she was with the unsub." I sighed as I looked upon the picture of Ashley's once beautiful body. Her hair was a tangled mess and had dirt in it. Her eyes were dulled and lifeless but wide in shock. I looked down at the blown up picture in front of me and frowned. "How many times was she stabbed?" I asked quietly. Piper sucked in a breath and sighed out her answer. "Thirty two. She was stabbed twice in the stomach before being killed with a stab to the heart." "So obviously the unsub has anger issues." Leo commented. "He made her feel pain before killing her but then continued to stab her lifeless body." "Was there any signs of penetration?" Jason asked seriously. Piper shook her head. "No, none of the victims were raped…Thankfully." Piper shut her eyes and frowned. Horror was etched in her eyes as she looked at us again. "All three girls were stabbed repeatedly in the genitals. But it was post-mortem." "How many girls are we talking here?" Leo asked straightening up. Hazel leaned back and rubbed her head. Piper frowned slowly and clicked another button on her remote. Three more girls appeared. All identical in looks. Blonde hair; blue eyed and beautiful. Whoever was killing these girls could now be considered a serial killer. The last girl Charlie Mickle didn't have a deceased picture next to her. She must be his latest victim. "How long has Charlie been missing?" I asked quickly. Piper sighed and looked down at her file. "Two days." Percy rubbed his face and pushed the pictures away from him. "So we have two days to find this girl." We all let silence be our affirmative answer. "Okay…Okay we can deal with this. Plane goes up in thirty. Piper where are we going?" "Michigan sir." She responded instantly. We were all up and