Hello my lovely readers! Here I am again with another new story! Unfortunately I lost the inspiration for The Music Plays On so I quickly finished that... But I've had this idea stuck in my head since the I started Music Will Save You! I patiently waited though so this is long awaited for me! I tried writing a story somewhat similar to this for High School Musical but almost no one read it. So I scraped that and started working on this one. Hopefully I'll see better results? *Wink wink* So just sit back and relax. I sincerely hope you enjoy the story! Disclaimer: Don't own PJO just the OCs. Warning: Minor cursing. Maybe only once or twice. Also suggestive themes? Annabeth Chase: Eyes wide in panic I couldn't think of anything else to do. I quickly pulled out my cell phone and dialed the familiar number. While it rang Owen poked the poor guy a couple of times. I quickly glared and smacked his hand as my brother answered. "Yellow?" He answered happily. I made a mental note to tease him for the corny greeting later. I took a couple breathes to calm myself. "I hope you don't need me in the band anymore because I'm going to jail!" I forced out in a rushed panic. The man started to stir and groan as I crouched down next to him. "Uh…What?" I started to hyperventilate again so Owen took the phone. I glanced around the alleyway and sighed when I realized no one was around. "She hit Percy Jackson with her car." He explained calmly as if me running someone over happened every day. I glared at him for being so damn blunt but he simply shrugged. At the time I had no idea who Percy Jackson was. Growing up I never really paid attention to the celebrities in Hollywood and what they were doing. It just didn't interest me. Right now it didn't really matter who he was. Right now all I cared about is that he was okay and wasn't going to sue me. It really wasn't my fault! 0~0~0~0~0 If you heard the name Annabeth Chase there is a fifty percent chance you might know who I am. Some people do and other don't. I don't blame the ones who don't. They may not know who I am right now but they will soon enough. My name is Annabeth Chase, I'm twenty three years young and I'm slowly working my way to the top. Along with my brother and best friends of course. Matthew Chase is my older brother and the official drummer of our band. He's twenty seven years old; the oldest member of our little group so the four of us tend to look up to him. He looks a lot like me. He has the same bright blonde hair, though his eyes are a light brown instead of grey. He has his butthead moments but most of the time Matthew is the best older brother a girl could ask for. Growing up our family life wasn't the best. Our Mom and Dad split when I was seven and soon after my Mom moved all the way across the country to New York; almost taking Matthew with her. Thankfully my Dad is stubborn and he won both of us. Only a short two years later my Dad got remarried. It was…hard on Matt and I simply because our stepmom doesn't like us. Like…At all. When she got pregnant she insisted that my brother and I move in with our Mom. I wasn't complaining seeing as ever since my Dad married that awful woman he changed. Since he was whipped like cupcake batter he did as she asked and a few months later Matthew and I were living in New York with my Mom. We love our Mom; really how couldn't we? But she was always busy, leaving us alone most of the time. We were basically raising ourselves. Matthew has been sort of a father figure since I was twelve. When Matthew was thirteen he started to get interested in playing the drums. He never got serious about it until he was seventeen and had nothing better to do. Being the thirteen year old I was I wanted to be 'cool' like my older brother so I also started playing an instrument. Since Matt was a loser he didn't want to share his drum set with me. So I learned how to play the guitar instead. We both practiced together; really finding a good groove. When Matthew was around eighteen we met Owen. Owen Jacob James is the official piano player of our band; though he sometimes sings duets with me. He is the annoying goofball of the group; but loveable none the less. He hates it when we call him his full name so we only do when he pisses us off. Normally he's just Owen, or Big O! But only Matthew calls him that so…Anyway we met Owen at a large constructing company where our Mom sometimes worked. His Mom apparent worked in the same building so we got to talking. Shortly after my brother and I both became pretty good friends with him. You can only know Owen for so long without loving him. He looks like his Mom but acts like his goofy Dad. He has light brown hair and green eyes. A couple freckles dance across his cheeks. You can always count on Owen to make an awkward situation better with his terrible puns and jokes. If you couldn't catch my drift he's really immature for a twenty five year old. Owen was the one who introduced us to Natalie Harper. Our beautiful bass player; who can once in a while take the mic and wow the crowd. A few things that are interesting about Natalie is not only is she beautiful, she has long wavy red hair and the most piercing green eyes you'd ever seen. Natalie is one of my best friends…and my brother's girlfriend. It was pretty much love at first sight. Matthew was going to a college about an hour away from where we lived so he was able to stay at home with me. One night while Natalie and I were jamming together out in our garage Matthew came home. It was weird honestly what happened. All of a sudden Nat stopped playing and she was staring at the door. When I turned to see what she was looking at I saw my brother; a goofy smile on his face. It wasn't long after that, that Owen and I caught them making out in the kitchen. We keep our food in there for goodness sakes! She's also a huge girly girl, even at twenty four. One of the only reasons I have pink in my closet is because of her. But it's a curse and a blessing. I probably wouldn't know how to look like a girl if it wasn't for her. But because of this trait she tends to fight easily with our second lead guitarist. (Me being the first.) A.J Harris was the last member to join our band. She was moving in not too far from my brother and I when she heard our makeshift band trying to write a song. She offered her…Oh so kind words of advice but just ended up joining the band. A.J's real name is Allison Jane but she prefers A.J since her real name is to 'girly.' She's the badass of our group. She has dark midnight black hair; it used to be brown but she dyed it, and blue eyes. She's is also twenty three, making her and I the youngest though I'm going to be twenty four in a couple of months! When my brother finished collage we really started to get the band thing started. I had just turned eighteen when a producer had called us. Apparently the songs we put on YouTube were quickly becoming popular so he flew us down to L.A to record some demos. It was basically a shot in the dark. We didn't know if people would really like our music but after a short month we had become known. We started playing small gigs at clubs and big restaurants. Basically anywhere we could. Soon enough we started to do radio shows and had even traveled a few states to perform there. Our dream was quickly becoming a reality. Now four years later it's still pretty much the same deal. Though we've done a lot more performances and gigs. We've become more popular than we would have thought. Now we're not only known in one state but almost all of them! We're hoping our manager will be able to land us a tour soon. None of that will matter now though seeing as I'm going to jail. Oh Gods I think I'm gonna faint. But hey at least I'll have someone else unconscious too! Oh wow that's so not helping… Percy Jackson: I waved and winked at the quick to form crowd. The girls were screaming my name while the guys were reaching out something for me to sign. My two body guards made room for me to climb into my large hummer. When I did my driver was quick to wait for my instructions. "Just take me home Dave." He nodded and we were soon speeding off. I leaned back in the blank leather seat and sighed in bliss. Ah this is the sweet life. I'm enjoying it now because I didn't have it before. My name is Percy Jackson. And right now I'm the biggest thing in Hollywood. Though it wasn't always that way. I made my big break when I was twenty one. I landed a TV show role. I was Peter Johnson of the hit TV series Demi Gods! Not the point….Anyway I grew up relatively normal. The only thing that made my childhood hard was my parents divorced when I was twelve. I lived with my Mom and her new husband until I moved out here. Though I like Paul he just isn't my Dad, who I stopped seeing when I was seventeen. My past doesn't matter. I'm a big shot now and that's what does! I've been in seven popular movies and just finished a TV series. Everybody should know my name, and if they don't they should learn it. I achieved all this success and I'm only twenty six! Most people my age are starting families with dead end jobs. Gross. Being the good looking guy I am I shouldn't have to settle down with just one chick. I'm kind enough to share my body with any lady worthy of it. Now so I don't look like a total manwhore I try to keep a 'girlfriend' for about two months then bye bye! Out on the street they go. My agent says that makes me look bad but the people love me so they shouldn't care. If they do they can get over it themselves. That's their problem not mine. So maybe once or twice I'll be caught in a cheating scandal but that just makes me look like a bad boy. What lady doesn't dig a bad boy? Fact of the matter is my life is perfect. Nothing could make it better. At least that's what I used to think before I met her. 0~0~0~0~0 When we reached my expensive apartment complex I frowned. The place was really nice and in an excellent part of L.A but it was surrounded by people. Ugh, the fans. I love them but I just want to go up to my room and take a nap. Then maybe call that pretty brunette I met yesterday. Dave frowned and looked around. His eyes landed on the thin alley way separating the complex from the building on its left. I'm pretty sure there is a back entrance. Catching Dave's drift I nodded and sighed.