Hi to everyone out there! ;) This is the first fanfiction I have ever written and also the first one I`m posting here. This is the longest project I have worked on so far, it is not finished yet and I would greatly appreciate your opinions on this one. I`m not asking you to be nice, just be honest, please. ;) It is heavily leaned on the books, especially the first two to three years as my main protagonist still spends a lot of time with Harry and their lives are basically the same. Please let me know what you think of it and if I should continue! Thanks, guys! :) I do not own Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling does. I did create my OC though. :D Enjoy! Note: I have also posted the story on hexrpg. In case you find it there, that's alright (unless the author listed there is not called Elena Hopkins, that is). ;) Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their niece and nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys' front door; it crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-coloured bonnets - but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that two other children lived in the house, too. Yet Harry and Valerie Potter were still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long. Their Aunt Petunia was awake and it was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day. "Up! Get up! Now!" They both woke with a start. Their aunt rapped on the door again. "Up!" she screeched. Valerie heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. She rolled onto her back and tried to remember the dream she had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it and she had a funny feeling she'd had the same dream before. Their aunt was back outside the door. "Are you up yet?" she demanded. "Nearly," said Harry who was lying next to his sister on the way too small bed. "Well, get a move on, I want you two to look after the bacon. And don't you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Duddy's birthday." They groaned in unison. "What did you say?" their aunt snapped through the door. "Nothing, nothing..." Dudley's birthday - how could she have forgotten? Harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where they both slept. His sister, Valerie, on the other hand had never developed fond feelings for the little hairy animals. In fact, to even say that she was afraid of them would have been a vast understatement; Valerie was terrified of spiders. In her opinion, there was nothing more frightening and disgusting anywhere on this planet than a fat, black, hairy spider. Valerie waited until Harry was dressed before she, too, changed into her daily clothes; a mouse-grey skirt that was so long that it reached up to her chest and one of Aunt Petunia`s old blouses. When she was dressed, they went down the hall into the kitchen. The table was almost hidden beneath all Dudley's birthday presents. It looked as though Dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. Exactly why Dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to Valerie, as Dudley was very fat and hated exercise - unless of course it involved punching somebody. Dudley's favourite punching bag was Harry, but he couldn't often catch him. Harry didn't look it, but he was very fast. Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Harry had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and skinnier than he really was because all he had to wear were old clothes of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had punched him on the nose. Being Harry`s twin sister, Valerie was of the same small, skinny built with the same unruly black hair and bright green eyes. The only differences between them, apart from being of the opposite gender, were Harry`s terrible eyesight and the scar in the form of a lightning bolt on his forehead. How her brother had gotten the scar, neither of them knew. Apart from what their aunt and uncle had told them about their parents` death, being that they both had died in a terrible car accident ten years ago, neither Harry nor Valerie had any knowledge about what exactly had happened that day. They simply had to accept what they were told and both had very quickly learned to better not ask any questions at all about their parents or their past. Harry had had the scar as long as he could remember, and the first question Valerie could ever remember him asking his Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it. "In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "And don't ask questions." Don't ask questions - that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys. Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen as Harry was turning over the bacon. "Comb your hair!" he barked, by way of a morning greeting. About once a week, Uncle Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haircut. Harry must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in his class put together, but it made no difference, his hair simply grew that way -all over the place. It was easier for Valerie as Aunt Petunia simply braided her long black hair into long braids and did usually not comment on the fact that her hair, too, had a will of its own. In fact, unlike her brother, Valerie was left alone by the Dursleys most of the time and she was glad for it since it meant that Dudley didn`t abuse her as his punching bag. She sometimes felt like a fly on the wall that went unnoticed by the others. It was easy for her to listen in on conversations that were not meant for other ears to be heard. Even when Valerie was in the same room, people seemed not to notice her at all. She didn`t understand it. How was it possible for anyone not to see her when she was so obviously in plain sight? As usual, none of the Dursleys acknowledged her presence and she quietly sat down at the table as far away from Uncle Vernon as physically possible. Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitchen with his mother. Dudley looked a lot like Uncle Vernon. He had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel - Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig. Maybe that was why Dudley loved to chase him around so much? Harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as there wasn't much room. Dudley, meanwhile, was counting his presents. His face fell. "Thirty-six," he said, looking up at his mother and father. "That's two less than last year." Valerie refrained from rolling her eyes, knowing fairly well the consequences should Uncle Vernon catch the gesture. "Darling, you haven't counted Auntie Marge's present, see, it's here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy." "All right, thirty-seven then," said Dudley, going red in the face. Valerie and Harry, who both could see a huge Dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down their bacon as fast as possible in case Dudley turned the table over. Aunt Petunia obviously scented danger, too, because she said quickly, "And we'll buy you another two presents while we're out today. How's that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right'' Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..." "Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia. "Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then." Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little tyke wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair. At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Valerie, Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried. "Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take them." She jerked her head in their direction. Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Valerie's heart gave a leap. Every year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Harry and Valerie were left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Valerie hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made them look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever owned. "Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at them as though they'd planned this. Valerie knew she ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when she reminded herself it would be a whole year before they had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. "We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested. Oh, no, Valerie thought in horror. Please, not Marge… Aunt Marge was, if at all possible, even worse than Mrs. Figg could ever be. Where the oldy lady down the street was a cat lover, Aunt Marge bred dogs. Not the cute sort that made children`s hearts melt and that you'd want to pick up and cuddle - no, Aunt Marge bred bulldogs. Her favourite one being a nasty little creature by the name of Ripper who liked to chase them both around the house and their only way of escape was climbing up one of the trees in her garden. "Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the children." The Dursleys often spoke about Harry and Valerie like this, as though they weren't there - or rather, as though they were something very nasty that couldn't understand them, like slugs. "What about what's-her-name, your friend - Yvonne?" "On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Petunia. "You could just leave us here," Harry put in hopefully (they'd be able to watch what they wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley's computer). Aunt Petunia looked