AN: Title taken from Brick Walls by Passenger. I wanted to write three different things—a Christmas fic, a fake relationship fic, and a Jasico fic where Nico pines helplessly over Percy, who is helplessly in love with Luke. I combined them all and this happened. Obviously this is like way late for a Christmas fic (and it's not even a proper Christmas fic at all) and somehow Jason ended up being in love with Percy, too, but it's so much better than my initial concept for it, so I'm pleased with it. Hopefully you guys enjoy it, too! Special thanks go to Taffeh A. Llama for being my cheerleader throughout the entire process of this fic. It's the longest one shot I've ever written, and she was there almost every step of the way, talking out the plot and helping me make it the best (read: angsiest) it could be. Piper announces it casually, like a change in the weather. Just, "Percy's bringing his new boyfriend home for Christmas," slipped in as she turns the page of her magazine and sips at her latte. It's almost amusing, really, because three out of the seven in the group look up immediately with hurt expressions. Jason is kind of ashamed to be one of them. It's not like he has a claim on Percy Jackson, he knows. He does . But he also knows that at Thanksgiving last month, when Percy pulled him into the bathroom of Silena and Beckendorf's apartment for a quick blowjob, he hadn't mentioned a boyfriend. Jason tries to shake off the hurt, because he's been a little bit in love with Percy Jackson since they met in freshman year, and even though that summer when he and Percy started doing a casual friends-with-benefits thing might have been the best time of Jason's life, he's never owned Percy Jackson. They both agreed it was just sex, and Percy never said they were exclusive. Jason hates himself a little bit for being upset. Annabeth's look of dismay is more understandable—she and Percy did their on-again, off-again, couple of the ages thing all the way through the end of senior year, when she broke up with Percy out of practicality (she was going to college in Washington, Percy was staying in New York—too far to visit everyone very often and too close to make it work with Annabeth). She's done a pretty good job of pretending that she doesn't care about Percy anymore right up until this moment, and Jason wonders if she would have looked like that if she'd known about him and Percy. He wonders if she did know, but didn't care, because he and Percy were still technically just friends . The real kicker is Nico di Angelo. Wide-eyed hurt blooms across his features, his cheeks flushing red as his features struggle into some half-grimace as an attempt to keep his composure, and Jason thinks, Oh . Suddenly, the way Nico's been hanging around awkwardly since May makes a lot of sense. The way he never looks Percy in the eye, avoids Annabeth like the plague, blushes furiously whenever Percy addresses him. Jason wants to laugh, but the sound dries up in his throat, and instead he schools his own hurt expression into one of sympathy as he eyes the younger teenager and thinks, Welcome to the club, kid . "I didn't think Percy was dating anyone," Annabeth finally says, breaking the silence. Her voice is soft and impassive, giving away nothing, but her face is still a whirlwind of emotions. "He was definitely single at Thanksgiving." The way she says it, the way it makes the blush creep over her cheeks and down her chest, makes Jason's heart constrict, and he realizes that maybe he wasn't the only one sneaking off to get reacquainted with Percy Jackson's talented mouth over Thanksgiving holidays. "I said it was a new boyfriend," Piper retorts, rolling her eyes. "They've been together for like, two weeks." Annabeth's face twists into something sour, and Hazel says, "That's kind of soon to be taking someone home to meet your friends and family, isn't it?" Piper shrugs, then looks up from her magazine, a wide grin stretching over her mouth. "I met Jason's sister after we'd been dating for just three weeks." Jason winces. "That's not really the best example," he says, slowly, and Leo snickers. "That's because your head was under Piper's skirt when Thalia walked in," he says, and Hazel's eyes go wide, blush spreading rapidly over her cheeks. Frank looks torn between amusement and embarrassment, too. Piper looks smug, Annabeth looks like she's still thinking about Percy and not paying attention at all , and Nico looks like he might be concerned for Hazel's virtue. Jason says, "You'd understand if you'd ever gotten a hand under a girl's skirt, Valdez, much less your mouth." He only says it because he knows it'll rile Leo up—it always does, when Jason says something sleazy—and he tunes out Leo's response and Piper's indignant retort, looks back at Nico and Annabeth and thinks, Percy Jackson doesn't even know the effect he has on everyone. They meet Percy and his boyfriend at Adonis Café, because Silena and Beckendorf own it and it's a neutral environment. When Jason walks in, Percy is standing with Annabeth, grinning stupidly at her as she laughs at something he said, and when Percy catches sight of Jason, he reaches over, snatches Jason's glasses off of his face, and says, "Wow, man, you are fucking blind ." Jason remembers that this is why he started wearing contacts in sophomore year, because Percy made a comment like this, and he takes his glasses back and scowls at Percy. "Asshole," he mutters, and Percy just laughs and pulls Jason into a hug by the front of his cardigan. "I missed you," Percy says into his ear, and Jason thinks, No homo, though , and then Percy pushes him back, two palms flat on Jason's chest, looking up at him thoughtfully. "Have you grown?" he asks. "Dude, I think you're taller than me now." Annabeth says, "Jason has been taller than you for three years, Percy," and Jason snorts because up until Percy's junior year of high school, Annabeth had been taller than Percy, too. Percy pouts. "God, it's not my fault I'm surrounded by giants. I'm six foot, okay, I shouldn't have to break my neck just to look you guys in the eye when you speak." Jason laughs, feels himself relax, because this is the Percy Jackson who got suspended from school for two weeks for punching the asshole who slapped Hazel's ass in the hallway, the Percy who played video games with Jason for nine hours straight when the new Halo game came out, the Percy who left prom right before he was supposed to be crowned prom king just to drive halfway across town to forcibly pick up Piper when she got stood up by her prom date and announced that she wasn't going to prom after all. This is the Percy Jackson Jason fell in love with. And then the tall, blue-eyed blond walks—no, swaggers —out of the bathroom, in ripped skinny jeans and a Green Day t-shirt underneath a leather jacket, and Percy's face goes soft in that way it used to when he looked at Annabeth, before they broke up. And the blond drapes his arm over Percy's shoulder and nuzzles his nose into the mop of dark, shaggy hair on Percy's head, before looking sheepishly at Jason and saying, "Hi, I'm Luke. I'm Percy's boyfriend." Jason shakes his proffered hand and says, "I'm Jason," and ignores the biting satisfaction at the base of his skull that whispers he looks like me . He tells himself, No, you look like him, and shakes himself, goes to get his coffee—black, no milk or sugar—and looks up when the bell over the door rings. Nico bypasses Luke and Percy and Annabeth at their booth completely—walks straight up to the counter, pushes a five dollar bill at the girl behind the counter (Calypso, Jason thinks is her name), and mutters something about his usual before looking Jason in the eye and saying, deadpan, "He looks like a douchebag." Jason can't stop the snort that leaves his mouth. "He seems okay, I guess." "Total douchebag," Nico says, ignoring Jason's comment. Jason laughs again, and Nico glances over at him, eyes lighting up a little bit, a soft smile tugging at the corners of Nico's mouth before it fades back into a scowl. "You haven't even talked to him," Jason says, and Calypso passes him his drink. He takes it, blows on it while he waits for Nico to answer, sips it and still burns his tongue. Hides his grimace in the paper coffee cup. "I don't have to," Nico insists. "I can tell just by looking at him. He likes Green Day , that's like, the band of douchebaggery." Jason arches a brow. "My sister likes Green Day." Likes is an understatement, which is proven when Thalia chooses that moment to walk into the café, wearing a Green Day shirt that looks suspiciously like the one Luke is wearing, and looks at Luke, then down at her own shirt, and then at Percy, before announcing, "I approve of this union." Nico's face twists into something bitter. "Whatever," he mutters, and Calypso hands Nico his drink—something sugary, with whipped cream on top, and Jason raises his brow because he always expects Nico to get black coffee to complete the tortured-soul look he has going for him, what with the aviator jacket and the shredded black jeans and the combat boots—and turns away, walking over to the booth with Percy, Annabeth, Thalia, and Luke, and Jason trails after him. It's later, when everyone—Frank, Piper, Leo, and Hazel—is there, all curled up in booths and the comfortable couches and arm chairs, when Luke is telling some story about how he once made out with Jennifer Lawrence, that Jason leans over to whisper into Nico's ear, "You're totally right. He's such a douchebag." Nico snorts, looks down and swirls his straw through the whipped cream at the bottom of his mug. "Told you," he says, and glances back up at Luke. "How likely do you think it is that his story is complete bullshit?" Jason's not bitter, he isn't , but it's so easy. He says, "Well, he'd be losing the game if we were playing," and Nico laughs, loud, throwing his head back and shaking all over, and a smug smile creeps over Jason's lips before he realizes that the others are staring, mouths hanging open. "Dude," Percy says, when Nico's laugh peters out and his cheeks flush as he realizes he has everyone's attention. "I don't think I've ever seen you laugh like that." Nico blushes even darker, looks back down at his coffee, and Hazel says, eyes wide, "What was so funny about what Luke was saying?" Luke looks kind of amused, eyebrows arched. He says, "I was just talking about how my brief career as an actor let me make out with Jennifer Lawrence when we were fourteen. It's funny, but not that funny." Nico gives him a look of badly concealed contempt, and Jason tries not to smirk. "It was something Jason said, actually," Nico says, voice sharp, and then everyone's eyes are on Jason. "Dude," Leo says, "what the hell did you say to make di Angelo laugh like that?" Jason opens his mouth, closes it again. Finds himself saying, "Inside joke," and wincing because it sounds so fucking stupid , and since when the hell has he ever had inside jokes with Nico di Angelo? Piper gives him a considering look from where she's half-lying in Annabeth's lap, a look that says she knows something he doesn't, and Jason has given up on trying to interpret her cryptic looks, so he just raises a brow at her. Percy pokes