AN: Companion piece to "magic lanterns to somebody whose body casts no light," as per popular demand (i.e., that one person who said "magic lanterns" was too short and Jahfreen, who is a horrible, wonderful enabler). This, in the same fashion as "magic lanterns," was written in one sitting, and all mistakes are mine. Title from House of Gold by Twenty One Pilots. Dedicated to Jahfreen for all of her help plotting and for pushing me to write this as quickly as I did. Luke is a photographer. Life as he knows it, through the lens of a camera, is made up of two snapshots: before his mother got sick, and after. The world goes to shit when he's twenty-four and a third snapshot is added. The before shot of his mother is a dumb kid smoking at some dumb park in Westford, Connecticut. The after shot is the same dumb kid growing up too quickly and selling everything (even himself) to pay for medical bills he shouldn't have to worry about. The third shot is his mother climbing out of bed in the middle of the night, moving on her own for the first time in years, and trying to strangle Luke in his sleep. He puts a bullet in her skull with a gun he stole from his latest trick and leaves the house he grew up in without looking back. Luke was always meant to be alone. He was always too fucked in the head for anyone else. He takes pictures of corpses hanging from trees with a digital camera that he charges when he can and thinks back to the trip to Rome he took, years ago, back when he was still some dumb kid without a care in the world. He took pictures of roman statues, then, gods who walked among men. He takes pictures of the death that lives among men now and smokes stolen cigarettes and tries not to think too much about that goddamn optimistic kid from the photography class he taught a while back, the one who bragged about his photography project (taking a picture of the sunset every night for a year) and how lost that kid has to be, now. Wasted all his time on a year of sunsets, for what? For the world to crumble apart because some scientists in some laboratory somewhere weren't as smart as they thought they were. Luke takes a picture of the dwindling light and takes shelter in a worn-down library for the night. He locks himself in the cellar and kills the mindless librarian who had the same idea before she turned into another one of the walking corpses, and he puts everything he has into surviving a world he's not sure he wants to live in anymore. Luke gets caught out too late, one night, too far away from shelter to escape and not enough bullets in the gun holstered on his thigh to fight. He takes pictures of the way demise descends upon him in the form of walking corpses who snarl and shuffle and howl like goddamn wolves at the moon, and he's thankful, for the first time, that he's alone. So he's not taking anyone with him when he goes. He uses the last three bullets in his clip and waits for a death that never comes. He's still taking pictures when two fingers are hooked through his belt loop and yanking him back into the floor of a car. There's a blurry picture of blond hair and blue eyes caught in the flash of his camera. This is how he meets Jason Grace. "What the fuck were you thinking," the other blond snaps, fingers clenched tight around the steering wheel of his black Camaro, jaw locked, eyes set angrily on the blood smeared across his windshield from the corpse he ran into to save Luke. "Were you just going to stand there and wait to get fucking eaten? Are you insane ?" Luke snaps rapid pictures of the set of his jaw and the curl of his fingers and the blood on the windshield before answering. "Wouldn't be a stretch if I was." He thinks maybe it runs in the family and shudders at the phantom recoil of the shot that killed his mom. He still feels it in his hand, sometimes. The other blond exhales, loud and sharp, nostrils flaring, eyebrows sloping down in an angry, wrinkled line. Luke takes a picture of that, too. "Can you just put the camera away for one goddamn second?" the boy snaps, and Luke takes one last picture before letting the camera thump against his chest. The boy takes a couple quick, deep breaths before speaking again. "You'd be dead right now if I hadn't shown up when I did." "I'm aware," Luke quips. He hesitates, adds, "Thank you," even though he's not sure he means it. Silence hangs thick in the air. Luke takes the moment to study the boy, sees he's every inch the roman statue—blond hair mussed to perfection, blue eyes that have a stern but gentle set to them, a scar above cupid bow lips, a sculpted jaw line, strong muscles rippling beneath the arms of a black Henley. He really is a boy, Luke realizes. Still a teenager, probably. Young in the face. "I'm Jason," the boy says, finally. "Jason Grace." "My saving grace," Luke deadpans. Jason grimaces, like he's heard the joke before, and it's fair to assume that he has. He adds, "Luke Castellan." One sharp jerk of Jason's chin is his response. Luke's not talkative, really, not since his mom got sick (another before he'll never get back), so he lets the silence stand. He rests his head against the door and watches the world swirling around outside the window and falls asleep like that. He wakes in a gas station parking lot, midafternoon sun filtering in through the windshield, and he takes a picture of the strong back muscles and firm ass standing outside the driver's window before he climbs out of the Camaro. "You're up," Jason says, looking over the roof of the car at Luke. Luke nods. "What's our destination?" Jason shrugs. "Everything's gone and everyone's dead. There is no destination." "So the plan is to drive around endlessly and pick strangers up off the streets?" A small smile tugs at the corners of Jason's mouth. "It's as good a plan as any. Saved your ass, didn't it?" Luke smiles back, feels like his teeth are wires that his lips get caught on because it's such a foreign use of his mouth. "So it did." He finds a box of cigarettes and a six pack of beers in the gas station. Jason says, "I'm not old enough to drink," in a low voice and Luke arches a brow at him. "Not old enough to die, either," he says, and before they leave, he takes a picture of the havoc wrecked upon the gas station. Jason gives Luke a sword, maybe two or three weeks into this thing they have. Luke doesn't ask where he found it and Jason doesn't say, but watching Jason wield his own sword, shirtless and glistening with sweat under the bright light of the sun as he shows Luke how to do it, reminds Luke again of the statues in Rome, and he thinks that, if they'd met in any other lifetime, they could have gone to Rome together. Jason Grace wouldn't be out of place in the city. If he stood still for too long, he'd become part of the scenery, just another statue of another lost god. Luke runs out of room on his camera and steals another SD card from an electronics store with broken windows. He's in there for two minutes before he registers the corpse crawling out of the shadows, careful not to step foot in the light. Luke's sword goes straight through its temple, and when the corpse crumples to the ground, there's black blood dripping from the blade of the sword. Luke puts the new SD card in the camera, pockets the old one, and photographs the blood on the sword with the broken windows in the background, light shimmering vibrantly on the glass shards littering the ground. Luke's mother, before she was insane and before she was sick, used to tell him that he could see the beauty in everything. He guesses she was right, because he's surrounded by all this death, but all he can think about is the perfect camera angle to showcase how beautiful it all is. It's late and Jason has a beer hanging off his fingertips, down in the basement of some house in Arizona. The house is a wreck and in the bedroom, hundreds of pictures of the same goddamn sunset are strewn across the floor, but they're safe down in the basement, which is earthy and cool. "My sister," Jason is saying. "She was the only one I had. My mom was a drug addict, took off with some guy when I was a kid, and my dad—never knew him." He shrugs, glassy-eyed from just enough liquor to loosen his lips. "Haven't seen her since this shit started." He gestures around the basement, like that could somehow encompass the state of complete and utter disrepair the world has fallen into. "Maybe she's still alive. Maybe not. She was visiting my cousins in New York when the first wave of corpses started crawling up out of the grave. Maybe she's still out there, somewhere." Luke knows that this is where he's supposed to relate, to mention his sick mom and his absentee dad, but he doesn't. He takes a swig of his beer and says, "You ever think about going to Rome?" There's a pause. "Rome," Jason repeats, cocking his head to the side. "No. Not really. Why? Have you been?" Luke nods, looks out the one window, high above the floor, peeking out onto the lawn in front of the house. "Yeah, once. A long time ago. It's nice this time of year." "We should go," Jason says. His words slur a little and when Luke looks back, he's taking another swig of his beer. "To Rome. You and me." Luke smirks, holds up his camera to take a picture. There's something so satisfying about seeing Jason tipsy. Ruffled and imperfect, like layers were pealed away and underneath the golden image of a roman statue, there's a twenty year old kid who's just as fucked in the brain as Luke is. "Alright," Luke agrees. "You and me. Rome." They never make it that far. They're flying down the empty interstate at ninety miles per hour when they see her. Golden blond curls, warm, caramel skin, ragged clothes. Standing in the middle of the road, directly in their path, chin lifted high in defiance. Luke takes a picture in the second before Jason slams on the breaks and breathes, "Hazel?" Jason is out of the car before he remembers to put it in park, but that's what Luke is here for. He climbs out, too, watches as Jason tackles the girl in a hug and Luke takes pictures of the look on the girl's face before she buries it in Jason's shoulder. "Jason Grace," a girl's voice calls, and Luke turns to photograph the girl in combat books and bronze-plated body army step up onto the street like some Amazonian warrior, arms folded over her chest, dark hair braided down her back and purple hoodie tied around her waist. "Reyna," Jason breathes, and pulls away from the first girl to embrace the other. Luke photographs this embrace, too, and wonders at the tugging in his gut. He knows it's jealousy, knows he hasn't felt it in years , but he doesn't know why he's feeling it as he looks at Jason and Reyna hugging. (That's a lie. He knows exactly why he feels this way, and he hates himself for