This story idea has been driving me insane since i thought it up while i was lifeguarding. Yeah, my job is kinda boring. Anyway, this is a Blood and Chocolate / Twilight crossover that is centered on Jacob. Jacob and his family never thought that there were other werewolves right. And they always saw themselves as vampire killers and whatnot, but this pack can understand the want to hunt and kill. They will change his outlook on what and who he is forever. FYI Blood and Chocolate is a novel about a huge family of people that are all werewolves, and they are trying to figure out what to do after they had to leave their old home. this story takes place 25 years after the end of the book. please leave reviews and tell me what you think, i rather like this story, but then again i wrote it. And thanks go out to me fabulous beta Wolfen Dreams, she helped me a lot getting this off the ground Serena Baptiste woke to the unpleasant sound of her older brothers fighting over T.V. Remote, again. She sighed and pushed back her blankets to walk to the door. "SHUT UP!! It's 6 in the morning and I'm trying to sleep!" Christophe looked over from where he was rubbing his younger brother Damien's head into the couch cushions and grinned. Rena was still half asleep, but he knew from experience that she could and would tear his head off for waking her up. "Rennie, we were just fooling around. 'Sides, we all have work in an hour anyway. You might as well wake up." She narrowed her eyes at him; she hated it when they used that name. "Well, if you puppies are so awake you can set up breakfast. Without me." she slammed the door to her room and they all heard the distinct click of the door lock. "Damn Christophe, why didja have to do that? There's like 50 guests here this weekend," Zacharias complained. He hated the dining room duty, but if he complained to his parents they would tell him to stop waking up his sister. "Couldn't resist, oldest brother privilege. Besides, there are 4 of us, it's not going to be hard," Christophe got up as he spoke and started for the door. Damien sat up and pushed his blond hair out of his eyes before deflating his brother's balloon of hope. "Actually, there are two of you. Theo's already cooking, and I have desk duty with Mom. So you two get breakfast duty all by yourselves." Smirking, Damien walked out of the family living area and to the reception room. Christophe and Zacharias looked at each other, well Zach more glaring. "You," Zach pointed at Christophe. "Are doing the bulk of the work." With that said, he stormed out and went to the kitchen to beg food off Theo before the guests woke up. Christophe glared at his sister's closed door for a minute before going off to hunt up his younger cousins to force them to lend a hand. Serena waited until she heard the last set of steps out of the room before coming back out again. She knew it was useless to try and go back to sleep after she had actually gotten out of bed. She also knew that her father wanted to talk to her before the day really started and now that she had effectively gotten herself out of dining room duty, she could. Serena once more closed and locked her door so she could get dressed without 20 people dropping in. She glanced in the mirror and winced at what she saw, a short girl with uncontrollable curly black hair and over large blue-green eyes. Why couldn't she look more like her mother; tall, leggy, and blond? Both her parents and all 4 of her older brothers were tall, where had her tallness gone? Zach and Theo stole it she decided, they were both over 6'5". Yep, they stole her height. Her mother, hell her grandmother, still had heads turning when they walked into a room, they were drop dead gorgeous. The only reason that heads turned when she walked into the room was because she was the pack leader's daughter and still unmated. Serena grimaced once more that the mirror and pulled on jeans and a shirt before tugging on her sneakers and leaving. This early in the morning her father was always in the same place, made her search really easy. "Papa, you told me you wanted to talk." She poked her head into her parents' room and saw her dad finishing getting dressed. "That's right, my night princess. Come, pull up some mattress and talk to me." He patted the spot next to him and waited till she sat. "Whoa, sounds serious. What's going on?" she sat and inwardly noted that sitting, she still only came up to the middle of his arm. Gabriel smiled at his only daughter and turned to face her head on. Vivian had been pushing him for days to talk to Serena, apparently there was something wrong. "Just that well, um...your mother and I are a little worried. You aren't going out with Marissa or Ella anymore, something happen between you three?" Gabriel asked. He really hoped that his daughter wouldn't turn into a regular teenage girl and start crying. That would be rather uncomfortable. He knew that normally teenager girls, like Rosa, were apt to cry at the drop of a hat. Serena had always been more like her mother, tough, but her mother didn't have close female friends when she was younger. Gabriel hoped that some fight between the girls hadn't hurt his baby girl. "Well, Ella had distanced herself from the entire Baptiste clan since you and Bucky decided that the match of her and Damien wasn't right. And Marissa never really hung out anyway. Look if all you wanted to do was poke into my private life, I'm leaving." Serena got up like she meant it and started for the door. "No, princess, wait. There is something else that really needs to be discussed." Gabriel dragged a hand through his hair in a sign of rare agitation. Well, at least she wasn't crying, but this next topic might set her off. Serena paused and looked at him, but made no move to sit down again. "You were seventeen this past fall, which means that you need to start thinking about a mate. There are several… Damn it!" Gabriel stood up and paced the room, he hated thinking about this. He had married Vivian when she was eighteen; Christophe had been born a year later. The idea of his baby girl doing that was hard to accept. "There are several boys your age. You need to pick, or we can visit another pack. But you do have to choose, and soon. This isn't something you can smile your way out of, either, baby. Not like you normally do when you're told to do something that you don't want to do." Gabriel stopped pacing and looked at his dumbfounded daughter. "Sorry, my darling, but that's pack law." "I know that it's pack law! That the alpha's daughter is considered a threat to every marriage and mating until she herself is mated. It's so stupid though, I don't want anyone else's husband or boyfriend. I don't want anyone!" Serena stood up and paced as well. She should have known this was coming, as much as she didn't look like her mother she still strained the smiles of all the pack females. It was for the good of pack relations that she be mated. Secretly Gabriel was pleased that she didn't want any of the boys in the pack, but this was still a problem that needed to be solved. "Then you will have to travel with me to a different pack. There is one in Charleston that has several unmated men." "But Papa, then I have to live there." "That's what happens when females look outside the pack. Which is another reason to look here first." And as pleased as he was that she didn't want any of the boys here, he wanted his baby close. "It's all not fair!" "As cliché as it sounds, life's not fair, my pet. We can talk about it more later, time for the day to start. Come on, let's go down for breakfast." Serena allowed herself to be propelled to the door and down the stairs. She was in shock. Normally she got her way with anything her father wanted. Partly because she was the youngest, and partly because she was the only girl. Part of her was becoming resigned to the fact however that she was going to be stuck picking a mate, ugh she had to pick someone that she considered a cousin or something. Without getting someone else mad. Her mother was waiting at the foot, and saw from their faces that they had the talk. She didn't think it was fair either, but Serena was the Alpha's daughter. She needed to be mated before a fight broke out between her and a jealous female. That had happened when Ulf went to another pack to find a wife. Apparently he still had nightmares about it. "Well, look what we have here. The handsomest man and the prettiest girl in the world," Vivian commented as they came down. "Let's get some seats before they all get snatched." "Thanks mom, but I think I'll eat with Theo in the kitchen. Give him a hand with the orders." Serena bypassed her mother's outstretched hand and walked through the kitchen's swinging door. "I understand the feelings she has, but I really hope that she doesn't repeat my mistakes." Vivian said to Gabriel. "We're safer here in the woods than we were that summer in Maryland. It won't be the same." He linked arms with his wife, and together they went into the dining room to greet their guests and their pack. The kitchen was moving already by the time she got there. Theo was cooking as usual, their father hadn't exactly been pleased when one of his sons liked cooking. Then he tasted what Theo made and changed his mind. Serena wasn't the only one that sought refuge in the kitchen. Marissa was sulking into a cup of tea when she walked in. "Hey, 'Rissa. Why so glum?" "My parents gave me the mate talk this morning. I need to pick before summer, or they do it for me." "Oh, you too? The problem is for me, is that I don't want to mate with any of the boys here." Serena got a coffee cup down and sat across from Marissa at the island. "I want someone... I just don't think that they want me." Marissa looked up with pleading in her eyes; she didn't know what to do. Should she confront him, get someone to ask him, or just let it be? "You know, girls seem to think that boys are psychic. That we always know when they want us or what they want from us. 'Rissa, you need to talk to Mason before someone else snatches him up." Theo placed two plates with eggs and toast in front of them and turned back to the stove. "It's that obvious?" she was horrified, the idea that everyone knew she was mooning over Mason Griffin was embarrassing. "Just to my mother; she asked me to gently question Mason for you. I say take the chance." Theo said in reply; he smirked at the blush that bloomed in her cheeks at the idea of Mason Griffin liking her. "Okay," Marissa wiped her sweaty hands on her jeans and started on her breakfast. "I'll work up the courage to do that later… Yeah, later. Just don't tell Henri. As my older brother he feels the need to protect me all the time." "So noted. Oh,