Where am I? This was the first thought that struck Johanna's mind as she woke up. All she knew was that she was lying on the floor, the world was spinning, and her head was in immense pain. She winced and opened her eyes, all alone in a room. Johanna sat up and reached out for the wall opposite her, her body ached like never before and she could barely find the strength to stay upright- however she did by summoning up some hidden strength from within, though it hurt her immensely to do so. Quickly, she leaned her whole body against the cool metallic wall seeking its sturdiness and realness in a place that confused her as she had no memory yet of how she came to be in this position. Is this the capitol? Where is Peeta? There was a sudden thud, causing her to almost lose balance. Hovercraft. She couldn't remember exactly what had happened. The only thing she did remember was herself and Peeta in a tiny cell, darkness surrounding them and the screams that followed the endless torture and that would forever haunt their memories. She tried hard to focus her gaze as she heard someone entering the room. It was all a blur, but as the person slowly came closer her sight slowly began to focus. Haymitch. Her eyes widened. She never thought she would be glad to see any of the former tributes, but now that he was here, it meant that she was safe. Away from the Capitol, the torturing, the pain, the screams and nightmares. "Welcome to District 13." He told her, slowly, carefully, approaching her- they all knew she was prone to unpredictable, violent behaviour, even when she was completely in her own mind. ''We barely got you guys out alive.'' District 13? She tried pushing herself away from the wall, and began trying to walk purposefully across the room, towards the door, desperate for fresh air, daylight, the sun on her almost translucent skin. But she couldn't. Johanna didn't have any more strength or energy to push herself further. Johanna collapsed into Haymitch's open arms, as he stopped her fragile body from hitting the floor. ''We need to get you to the infirmary...'' He muttered. She wanted to protest- she was Johanna Mason! Tough as nails! But deep down she knew he was right. Biting hard on her bottom lip, so she could focus the pain on a certain point, she drew blood. ''Let me go.'' She simply answered, and wriggled out of his grip, stumbling towards the door. Haymitch remained on his spot and shook his head at her, knowing it was futile, as she stumbled her way out and through the exit of the hovercraft. The woman reached the ground and made her way straight into the building ahead of her. She could hear voices, surrounding her, though they were faint- But reached the door her, she saw their faces. The two people that she had grown to care about. Finnick. Finnick was alive. Suddenly his eyes shifted to the direction in which she was standing. She was relieved he was still there. Breathing. Despite the Capitols lies, after all he was the only weapon they could ever use against Johanna Mason. Her only weakness. But she never cracked. All that went escaped her lips were screams and endless threats against them. Flashback. ''Tell us where he is.'' An unknown, dark voice spoke. ''Never.'' She yelled into the room through gritted teeth. Her eyes were blindfolded. Hands were bound to the chair so tight that there were bloody marks on her wrists, making her light headed as the pressure became too much to handle. The chair was made of steel, and it was placed inside a small tank in the middle of the room, with water filled up to her knees. She was attached to wires, that led through to a battery. If they so much as pressed that switch…. Johanna was shaking. But with what? Fear? Why would she be scared? Johanna Mason didn't even know the definition of the word fear. Or that's what she tried to convince herself over and over again. The voice spoke again, but this time he was closer. ''I'm only going to repeat myself once.'' He grasped a handful of her hair, what was left of it, and sharply pulled her head back making cry out. ''Where is Finnick Odair? Surely you know of him. Being his lover back at the Capitol.'' Her heart pounded harder against her chest, and her breathing got heavier. The Capitol knew everything. No exceptions. ''Did Annie know? The girl he's in love with? He would be crushed if anything were to happen to her.'' He bent down, whispering with an evil smirk into her ear, causing a shiver run down her spine. ''We could kill her at any moment you know. If you don't tell us the information we need.'' She tried to swallow, but her mouth was too dry. She was told not to tell them anything. No matter what they threatened with. ''What's the matter?'' He had an evil grin plastered on his face as he pulled her hair harder. ''Are you afraid we're going to kill your lover? Or in this case his beloved?'' She hissed at him, clenching her teeth shut. ''Don't worry. Once we find him we're only going to ask questions. So, be a nice girl and tell us.'' She finally decided to answer him, and said the only thing that made sense right now. ''Fuck off.'' Her cheek was burning. His hand had struck across her face and left a red mark. As if that wasn't enough, it was followed by a knee to the stomach. She was on the verge of crying. But she immediately stopped herself from doing so, she didn't want them to see how weak she could be. ''Electrocute her.'' No, no, no. Not that. Anything but that. For a second it was quiet. Until they pressed the button and a shock went through her body. The pain didn't end, and she was sure that this time it would kill her. She prayed this time it would kill her. She screamed out in horror, unable to escape. End of flashback. Her gaze turned upon Finnick. She noticed Katniss a few feet away. Johanna didn't give a damn about meeting her. He was the only thing she needed right now. His comforting arms around her, telling her it was all going to be okay. A smile crept across his face and he made his way over in her direction. She could feel it now, him keeping her safe and warm. His breath against her skin, telling her soothing words and sweet nothings. If only, he hadn't walked right through her like she was nothing, completely invisible. She didn't get it. But as soon as she heard a voice behind her shriek in joy, she understood how he could just go on past her. ''Finn- Finnick.'' He yelled back in pure excitement. ''Annie!'' She felt as if she was being choked. She suddenly noticed Katniss eyes on her. She needed to get out, she could barely breathe. She ran to the nearest exit and fell to her knees as she collapsed to the ground, shattered. Tears left her eyes and hit the pavement below her. The last time she cried was when her family was killed. Nothing had ever been as horrible as that. Until now. She didn't want to be there anymore. Why did they have to rescue her? Why couldn't they have just left here there to die? ''Johanna?'' She was startled by a voice behind her. But it wasn't just any voice. It was the voice of a person she had to unwillingly protect in the previous games. ''Are you alright? Where's Peeta?'' She quickly dried her tears away hoping she wouldn't see, shifting her position against the wall sitting with her back against it. "I don't know.'' She muttered. Katniss stood awkwardly by the door. ''Is he okay..?'' "He's alive.'' Was all she told her. ''Okay.'' She heard Katniss say in a low voice, followed by a hushed sigh of relief. She could feel Katniss getting closer. ''You should get to the infirmary. Here, let me help.'' She lowered her hand towards Johanna, who just slapped it away. ''Leave me alone.'' Her body was trembling. Katniss kept quiet for a few minutes before speaking again. ''I never got to thank you.'' She looked up at her and raised an eyebrow. ''For what?'' ''For what you did. For saving my life…'' Johanna was starting to get light headed again as she closed her eyes and rested her head back against the wall. ''It wasn't for you, Mockingjay.'' Katniss remained silent and unsure of what to say. ''Just… leave.'' Was all Johanna remembered saying before blacking out. Slowly she opened her eyes, taking another minute for her eyes to adjust to the brightness of the room. Everything was white, white walls, white linen, white floors, white curtains surrounding her bed- the only not white thing was the metallic pole holding up her drips, one filled with clear fluid, the other filled with O+ blood, and the whole place just reeked of antiseptic. She was at the infirmary. Johanna felt weak but thankfully not in as much in pain as she was earlier- realising that the clear drip would be full of morphling. Her gaze was brought down towards the edge of the bed as she noticed someone sitting on a chair, their bronze hair resting on the foot of her bed seemingly asleep. ''Finn..'' She managed to whisper in a raspy voice. His eyes, the blue-ish shade of green that was impossible to forget, flickered open almost immediately. He regarded her open eyes and mouth hanging open in shock with a little grin; "You're finally awa-" ''Why are you here?'' She quickly hissed before he could finish. ''What do you mean? You just came back from the Capitol.'' He sat up, and ran a hand through his luscious locks, before taking her hand within his own, rubbing small circles on the back of his hand like he used to do in the Capitol all that time ago. ''I'm so glad you're back. I mean, I somehow knew. You're a hard woman to kill, Jo." After a moment she slapped his hand away and refused to look at him, and scoffed in her hoarse voice. ''You're happy I'm back? Surely I'll just get in the way." ''What do you-'' He paused, and then knew what she was talking about. ''Is this about Annie?'' She immediately felt stupid for bringing this up again. They weren't anything anymore. She shouldn't mean so much to him, nor him to her. Finnick and Annie that was something, and she would do well to remember it. ''No.'' She immediately said. ''Jo...'' He started, but got stopped by her. ''Don't call me that.'' He sighed. ''Johanna... I know what we used to do way back then...'' She completely ignored him. She was not going to sit there and listen to this. Why the hell would he even bring it up again? Why the hell would he need to go through the details? She knew it was all just a fling they had, Finnick had made that clear, she just couldn't help it. She didn't want it to end the way it did. She didn't want it to end. She looked down at her arms again, the wires and tubes were everywhere. She lifted her hand and ripped all of them off her skin in one go, with a groan and a gasp escaping from her lips. She just couldn't stay there anymore, not with him. ''Jo-'' He stood up as she made her way out of the bed as fast as she could. ''Johanna.'' He said, not wanting her to flip at him over the nickname he had gotten used