A/N: I don't own a thing, only the plot and the story... All the other things belong to SM! Okay, this is my J/B story! I want to thank my pre-reader Lost-in-Twific, addicted-to-romione-bedward, TeamAllTwilight and Jess2002. But I also want to thank the betas of PTB: 4mjejasper and itlnbrt. They were a great help... You can find me in my Facebookgroup, the link is on my profile or you can add my FB-account: Audrey FeelingBella Hale. Enjoy the first chapter! Chapter one BPOV My name is Isabella Swan, and I'm twenty-three years old. After high school, I went to the Police Academy. It isn't strange that I became a cop. All of my male family members are cops. My father, Charlie Swan, is even my commissioner, and my older brother, Emmett Swan, is Head of a district department in New York. My younger brother, Riley Swan, is now attending the Police Academy and will graduate next year. The only strange fact in this whole story is that I'm the first female cop in the family. I'm now a detective in the Fifteenth Street district in New York. It's Sunday afternoon, and the whole family is present for the weekly family dinner. At the head of the table sits my father, Charlie. He's fifty-one, and family is very important to him. Everyone says I take after him and most of the time I can't deny it. I have his brown hair and brown eyes. We think that our emotions are private, and we never talk about them. My mother, Renée, died two years ago and Dad took it very hard. He threw himself in his work until we talked with him about the fact that working himself to death wasn't the right way to cope with Mom's death. Riley is nineteen years old and engaged to Rosalie Hale, an amazingly beautiful lawyer. Rosalie is twenty-four, has long blonde hair and large blue eyes. She looks like a bitch at first sight. The first time I met her she was a bit stand-offish, but when you get to know her, she is one of the sweetest people you'll ever know. Family is very important to her, as well. Rosalie is pregnant at the moment and expecting their first child in two months. She and Riley are having a boy. They are discussing names, and the one that keeps coming up the most is Brighton. Emmett is twenty-eight, and the outcast of our family. When he was sixteen, he came out and told our parents that he is gay. In the beginning, my father had problems with Emmett's sexuality, but eventually he accepted it, and now he even accepts his son-in-law, Edward Cullen. Edward is also a detective, and he's my partner. He and my brother adopted a baby three years ago, a little girl named Vanessa. Vanessa's mother was a teenage girl who wasn't ready to be a mom, and she gave my brothers the chance to be amazing fathers. They spoil Vanessa rotten, just like the rest of the family does. Apart from Rosalie, I'm the only girl in the family, but I'm also the only one who's still single, and my plan is to keep it that way. In my opinion, love is very overrated. I'm happy for my brothers, but I don't believe true love exists. My brothers try to tell me that I have to give it a chance, and that I have to start dating. It will make life a little bit more beautiful, they tell me. I refuse to believe them. "How is the case going?" my father asks me. "I don't know," I answer honestly. "It's one strange case." "The body was dumped in the alley, but what I don't understand is why," Edward explains. "What do you mean?" Riley asks. "Well, you see, if it wasn't for the autopsy, we would have never known that the girl was murdered," Edward tells the family. A week ago, we were called out for a possible dead body, a young girl. She was found in an alley, and it looked like an accidental fall. After investigating the crime scene, we discovered that it wasn't the primary scene. As if that wasn't enough, the next day, our coroner, Sid, found evidence of a struggle. "Do you have any suspects?" Dad asks Edward shakes his head. "Yesterday, we discovered the identity of the victim." "The girl was reported missing nine days ago by her girlfriend." I go further into the story. "She's going to identify the body." "And what do you know about the victim?" Emmett asks us. "Her name was Kate Petrov. She was a photographer and traveled a lot. Her parents are Russians who moved to the States before she was born," Edward tells us. "According to her girlfriend, she called her, and they were meeting each other when she was back in the States." "But Kate didn't show up, and that's why Tanya Green reported her missing," I continue my story. "She told the officer that Kate never missed an appointment." "Well," my father starts. "Talk to Tanya and ask her if Kate had any enemies." Edward and I nod. After that, the topic changes to Riley and Rose's wedding plans. I smile, looking around the table. I love my family, and I love the fact that every week we try to put everything aside to come together for this dinner. LGOR After dinner, Edward and I go back to the station and start to look into Kate Petrov's life. "Holy shit!" Edward suddenly yells. Every officer that is present looks at him, and Edward starts to blush. "I'm sorry, I just discovered something." Curiously, I look at him and he gives me some papers. I start to read through them. Shocked, I look at Edward. "This can't be true?" "It has to be true," Edward says. "Why else would that document exist?" I look back at the paper and read through the statement. It appears to be another missing report of Kate, but this time, a certain Irina Call did the reporting. She says that her girlfriend was in Europe for a job, but she should have arrived back seven days ago. She filed a missing person report yesterday, because it sometimes happens that Kate stays longer in a country when she's done with her assignment. "This really is unbelievable," I admit. "I will contact Miss Call," Edward says, picking up the phone. While he's calling, I take a quick look at the other papers. "Detective Swan!" Captain Newton calls for me. I look up and see him gesturing for me to go into his office. When I'm in his office, I sit down and look at him nervously. Captain Newton hates our family, because of our father. When the Mayor had to assign a new commissioner, both he and my father were candidates, but my father got the job. Newton now projects his anger on all Charlie's friends and family. "What can I do for you?" I ask him politely, when he doesn't start talking. "Do you know a Jasper Whitlock?" he finally asks. "The Mob Boss?" I ask him as he nods. Jasper Whitlock is one of the youngest Mob Bosses in the US. He took over after some rival Mob shot his mother and father. He was eighteen when that happened. The first thing he did was avenge the murders of his parents. After that, it was hard to catch him, because he runs his business very carefully. He owns two nightclubs, New Moon and Twilight, and one bar, Eclipse. He also has a restaurant, Breaking Dawn, but every time we barge into one of his businesses, there is nothing wrong. Now we are trying to catch him by sending undercover agents in, but we still don't find a thing against Jasper Whitlock. "This morning we found two bodies." "Is Whitlock dead?" I question in shock. "No, they were two very good cops." "Who?" "Diego and Victoria Biers," Newton answers. "Didn't they go undercover last year?" I ask him. The last I heard they were going undercover in Jasper's organization. With a sigh and a nod, the captain stands up, and he looks at me. "We think their cover was blown, and they were executed." "How could their cover have been blown?" The captain shrugs. "I really don't know, but now they want to send someone else in." "So soon?" I ask. "Isn't that risky?" "They want some people inside, Swan," he explains. "The longer we go without any information, the longer that bastard will be on the streets." "And why are you talking to me?" I ask, afraid of the answer. "They want a female cop to go undercover," he says dryly while looking at me. "What!" I yell. "No, no, I can't do this." Captain Newton looks through the window at Edward. "I can't refuse my bosses, Swan." "I don't have any experience," I whisper. "I know, but I can't change a thing about that. They are pressuring me." "My father agreed to this?" My father is commissioner of all the police forces of New York, so he has the final word in everything. "I don't know what he said," Newton answers. "I only know that the mayor is making threats." I immediately know what that means. The mayor assigned my father to be the commissioner, and he could also easily fire him. "I don't have a choice, do I?" Newton shakes his head. "One moment." He opens his office door. "Cullen!" he calls. Edward looks up and walks up to us. "Yes, Sir," he answers. "Come inside." Edward steps inside and sits down in the chair next to me. He looks at me, questioningly, but I just shrug. "You'll be getting a new partner," Newton starts to explain. "Detective Swan will be going undercover." Edward looks at me, and I can only nod. "Does her father know this?" "I don't know, but she will have time to say goodbye to her family." Fear goes through my body, knowing that the next couple of months, I will have no contact at all with my family. "But that wasn't what I called you in for. You'll help her start the cover by playing the jealous boyfriend." "What?" Edward and I scream simultaneously. "Captain," I start. "Nobody will believe him!" I look at Edward and mouth "sorry" to him. He shakes his head and faces the captain again. "Bella is right, Sir," Edward says. "I'm gay; nobody will believe that I'm Bella's boyfriend." "You'll have to give it your best shot then." If it wasn't clear before, it is clear now. Newton hates our guts. This could be Edward's death. I look at him and have a silent conversation with him. He only nods, and I look back at Newton. "We will do it, but if something happens to Edward…" I don't finish my sentence, because I know that Newton knows what I mean. I stand up and leave the office. I think it's time to say goodbye to my family and friends. LGOR It's been a couple of days since I got my assignment. Saying goodbye to my family was hard. They moved me to a new apartment, and my undercover name is still Isabella, but instead of Isabella Swan, I am now Isabella Matthews. I'm looking into the long mirror at my new attire. It's weird to see myself in skirts, but apparently my undercover self loves to wear them. I sigh and walk out of my new bedroom, looking around the apartment. My assigned undercover profile is a wealthy girl who always gets what she wants. She flirts with every boy she meets and that's the reason why Edward and I have to stage a fight in Jasper's bar. Tonight I'm going to the bar to start playing my part. Hopefully, Jasper will be present; otherwise, it will be a long couple of nights. I walk out of the