Hey! I'm so happy to present... THIS STORY!... AGAIN! Written For: Hutsune Okay. So this is a story related to the universe of An Arena of Stone: Untold Stories of the 49th HG. This is a short story written for Hutsune, who writes the story said above. This is a story, more specifically about Rebecca, Aston, and Shelby (Lexi's family). This takes place on the December before the 51st Hunger Games. So it's around a year and six months after Lexi and Vitz were in the Hunger Games. Disclaimer: I don't own Hunger Games. So... yeah. Here's a list of characters and their ages: Ford Deryl: Rebecca's Father *dead* Medicine Deryl (Nee Remel): Rebecca's Mother *dead* Honda Rebecca "Rebecca" Deryl: Daughter of Ford Deryl/Medicine Deryl *18 years* Aran Deryl: Brother of Rebecca, son of Ford Deryl/Medicine Deryl *17 years* Axle Deryl: Father of Lexi *missing* Fascia Deryl (Nee Bell): Mother of Lexi *dead* Mary Deryl: Cousin of Rebecca *dead* Lexus "Lexi" Deryl: Cousin/adopted sister of Rebecca/daughter of Axle and Fascia/sister of Mary *dead in this story* Aston "Ash" Deryl: Cousin/adopted brother of Rebecca/son of Axle and Fascia/ brother of Lexi *17 years* Brunella "Bru" Deryl: Sister of Aston *14 years* Ford "Ford" Deryl II: Brother of Brunella *10 years* Kiva Deryl: Sister of Ford *7 years* Holley Fuel (Nee Deryl): Mother of Shelby/sister of Axle and Ford I *dead* Diesel Fuel: Father of Shelby *unknown* Shelby Brandons (Nee Deryl-Fuel): Adopted sister of Lexi, adopted sister of Rebecca, cousin of Lexi, daughter of Holley/Diesel *17 years* Audi Brandons: Husband of Shelby *17 years* Alex Vitz Brandons: Son of Shelby/Audi *1 year and 3 months* Vitz Morales: Friend of group *dead in this story* Corolla Jones: Friend of group/ used to be girl friend of Vitz until he died *19 years* Celica Alexus Jones-Morales: Daughter of Vitz and Corolla *1 year and 7 months* If you have any questiones, just PM me or ask in your review. I hope you enjoy : ) So... Enjoy! xxx Forever Gone He was cold. Empty. Hallow. The boy with shaggy brown hair and big brown eyes was seeing double and was finding it hard to speak. His breath came out in laboured gasps and he had a sharp pain just above his ear, where a rock smacked him. "Aston?" The girl beside him questioned. She had long, wavy brown hair and light brown eyes. Her breath also came out in gasps, forming small clouds in the cold air. Her skull had become horribly misshapen, a large dent pouring hot, red blood. Her face was all scratched up and she was sure her hand was busted up. "Ash, my head hurts." She whispered. The boy groaned and shifted his body to look at the girl. "It's going to be okay, Shelby." The boy, Aston, mumbled. The girl shifted her eyes from the night sky to her adopted brother. "I want out of the snow, Ash." The girl, Shelby, whispered. "I'm cold." The guy grimaced and coughed a few times. "We'll be out of the snow soon. People walk this alley all the time, Shell." Aston whispered. The girl whimpered. "Not on Christmas, though." She said. She groaned in pain and squeezed her eyes shut. "I'm so tired." Shelby whispered faintly. "C'mon, Shelby. You're strong. You're going to be all right." Aston muttered. He shifted closer to his sister, pushing his pain aside. They lay there for a few minutes, battered beyond recondition, and in excoriating pain. "We'll be alright." Shelby echoed after a few minutes. She chuckled lightly. "I kept telling myself that all my life. Things will turn out, don't give up, everything will be alright." Shelby whispered. "It's not true, Ash. None of that crap is true." "Don't say that." Aston whispered. Shelby looked up into the night sky and smiled weakly. "My mom died just so I was born and my dad left before he could even see my face. Our aunt died in this alley on your birthday and your older sister was raped and murdered in this alley. Your mom was raped and murdered in this alley; our uncle was murdered in this alley. Lexi was sent off to be killed in the Games… How is this alright? How is this world that we're living in alright ?" Shelby asked. "Lexi knew what she was doing." Aston whispered. "She might have, but how is it fair that she had to know what she was doing? How is it fair that she knew she had to give herself willingly so our cousin would live? Why in the world would somebody have the chance to do that? How is that fair?" Shelby asked. "It's not fair, we know this." Aston whispered. "Why is some creep allowed to walk around our district and do this to people?" Shelby asked. "This could have happened to Kiva, or to Rebecca." "Don't worry about Becca." Aston muttered. "She knows how to take care of herself." "This could have happened to Lexi. When she was here. Just last year." Shelby said. Aston swallowed. "It could happen to Alex, or Celica, or Corolla. Hell, they could get reaped one year! How is that fair? How are people like this district creep allowed to live, but people like Lexi and Mary die?" "You're getting a little deep there, Shelby." Aston said. He smiled slightly and gave a shudder. He faintly wondered how much blood goes in a human body. "It's true though, Ash." Shelby muttered. "How are good people killed but murderers are allowed to live? How the bloody hell is that fair?" "There isn't an answer to that, Shell." Aston whispered. "But for what it's worth, it's not fair." They were surrounded by silence and pain for a few minutes. Shelby was starting to lose her sight in her eye closest to the dent, and she was sure that her lung was on fire. Aston had the worst headache ever, his face felt like it was dipped in acid, he could feel his blood draining out of the deep gash under his rib cage, and he couldn't do anything about it because both his hands were close to broken. "I 'member a story about North America before its downfall, it was told in school." Shelby said. "It's reminded me of Lexi once I heard it but I never really told it." "Lexi is a touchy subject." Aston agreed. "Do you remember in the Games how Lexi was about ready to curl up and die that one night?" Shelby asked. Aston managed a nod. "She did curl up, too. We were all watchin' the televiosion and praying that she wouldn't die like that. That one night- we were all sure she was close to death… That one night she got up and started walking. It was a miracle. She was talking to herself and stumbled around, but she found what she needed and lived past the next day." Shelby said. "In school I've learned that it was her Guardian Angel protecting her, saving her, pushing her to live. We've all got one, Aston. It shows up at our last moments, pushing us to live." "Why are you telling me this?" Aston asked weakly. "We're going to die sometime in our lives, right?" She asked. Aston muttered a yes. "We have to do what our Angel says. Jump, breath, walk, whatever. They know best. Do what it says." Shelby sniffed and coughed up blood. "We're going to die, huh." Aston muttered. "Tonight, I know it. We're barely breathing here." "Aw, don't say that stuff, Aston." Shelby said. "We both promised that we wouldn't die from this man. Remember? He's not going to put our family through any more pain or misery." "I don't wanna die." Aston told Shelby. "Then don't." Shelby said. "We stay strong and live. If we're going to die our Angel will come and help us out. It's not our time yet, Ash. I have Audi and little Alex to take care of. You have everyone else in the family. It's not our time to die, we have a purpose still." "How can you be so sure about it, Shelby? You were just saying that life is unfair." Aston asked. "You have to trust God, Aston. Didn't you pay attention at church?" Shelby asked. Aston smiled weakly. "What about that little girl in Lexi's games? She said to trust God." "That little girl died." Aston pointed out. "Everyone dies sometime or other, Ash." Shelby pointed out. She somehow found the strength to smirk at her adopted brother's bluntness. "Not unless they find the philosopher's stone." Aston said. "Not the point." Shelby said. She smirked none the less. "You need to pay more attention in church." "Ford, Audi, Aran, and I were too busy goofing off with the hymn books and throwing papers at each other to hear anything anyone was saying." Aston said. Shelby' laugh was gargled. By now blood was slowly stating to cover every inch of her body. "I wanted to get married to Audi in the church." Shelby whispered. "He wanted to get married outdoors, but I didn't. Outside reminded me too much of my life, too much of the pain I've been through. At church, I could forget everything that ever happened to me. We decided to get married at the church." Shelby whispered. "I wish I would have asked Erin to marry me." Aston mumbled. "Lexi liked her when she was with us. Thought she was tough and could take the messed up world our family lived in. I think she only liked Erin because she was Byke's little sister's best friend." Aston said. "Rebecca thinks she's a robot from the Capital out to kill me…" Aston smile turned into a grimace. "I'm afraid I'm never going to get the chance to propose to Erin. I used to be afraid of asking her, afraid of her saying no… I don't know what I was thinkin'. Now I'm afraid that I'm never going to get the chance to hear her say no." "Erin is very beautiful." Shelby whispered. Her skin was paler than usual and her lips had a strange undertone to them. "You know, she'll say yes when you ask her. She loves you too, Aston. You don't have to worry about that. Don't worry about any of that stuff. You'll get to propose to her. Knowing you, you will ask her tomorrow." Shelby muttered. Her eyes were half closed. She took a long breath of air, cringing in pain as it moved her broken ribs. "You'll get to do the things you want to do, you're not done yet." Shelby said. "Neither are you." Aston said. Shelby smiled weakly. "You remind me so much of Lexi." Shelby said. "So beautiful…" Shelby whispered. Her head turned the slightest bit to look at Aston. "I used to be jealous of you, Lexi, and Rebecca. You three were all so beautiful. Perfect hair, perfect blue eyes, perfect face… All I had were my brains." Shelby whispered. "Perfect…" Shelby muttered. Silence consumed both of them. Laboured gasps came from their lips as they looked out into the winter night sky. Aston felt frozen fingers clutch his hand. He was sure he was supposed to feel pain, but he felt nothing. He slowly wrapped his hand around Shelby's. "When I die, can you make sure the family doesn't starve?" Aston asked. "Lexi is gone and she was leader… Rebecca isn't there mentally anymore, Aran is worried about Rebecca, and everyone else is too young." Aston said. "I'm left in charge, and when I die the younger kids will be left alone." "You have to take care of Audi and Alex for me. Audi can't cook to save his life and I'm always worried about Alex…" Shelby said. "Tell them I love them." Shelby added. Aston smiled and nodded slowly. His next breath gargled and blood spilled out the corner of his mouth. Shelby shifted herself closer to