Hey! It's Pawprinter! This story is a one-shot now, after it was edited. This is a story about my OC, Lexus Annette Deryl, better known as Lexi. She is a girl that lives in District 6. This story takes place before the 49th Hunger Games when she is 15. This is just a story about her life at home, before the 49th Hunger Games. She's a fighter in the local ring. Lexi lives with Aston (her twin brother), Rebecca (her cousin, Aran's sister, 16), Aran (her cousin, also Rebecca's brother, 15), Shelby (her cousin, only child, 15), Brunella (younger sister, 12), Ford (younger brother, 8) and Kiva (younger sister, 5). They live alone since their parents either died or are unfit to raise them. Lexi is my character in Hutsune's story "An Arena of Stone: Untold Sories of the 49th HG." If you want to read Lexi's journey after this story and about her family, read the story above. It's the best story I've ever read. More information about this story and other's in the final author's note! Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games! Enjoy! Readers of Hutsune's " An Arena of Stone: Untold Stories of the 49th HG": You might notice that Lexi acts different in this story than that story. This is because, in this story, Lexi hasn't entered the Games yet, so she is different. That and I am really bad at characterizing her. Like, even though I tried in this story, she is either too soft or too uncaring. I just can't write her like Hutsune does. It is impossible . Her writing is extremely hard to live up to when writing the same characters. Hope you understand. Thanks! Melting Snow November 26 It was the day of the first snow. I woke up with myself curled right up against my twin, Aston's, shoulder. His arm was wrapped around me, squishing me to his side. My face was pressed right up against his shoulder, his sleeve wet from drool trickling out of my mouth. I couldn't help but crack a smile. He was so oblivious in his sleep. My name is Lexus Annette Deryl, but I go by Lexi. I'm an average girl from District 6, district of medicine and transportation… Well, I'm mostly average. The one thing that doesn't make me average is that I am the leader of my family of eight. Our parents are all dead, or they just don't care. You see, there's this district creep that's running around looking for new victims. He's murdered and raped my older sister, my mother and my aunt. After that, my father went off the map, my other aunt died in childbirth, my one uncle I wasn't sure who he was, and my other uncle was killed tragically. If I was to ever run into this creep, I'm sure my fighting skills would help me with dealing with him. It's been this way for a while, but we've all learned to live like this. I lived in one really old house with eight other people, four of them being my siblings. Aston, my twin brother, was eleven minutes older than I am, but it was decided when he nearly burnt down the house by using the oven that I would be in charge. My other sister, Brunella, was unique in our family since she was the only one with red hair. My youngest brother, Ford, was eight years old and my youngest sister, Kiva, was only five. My one year older cousin, Rebecca, was like my older sister. When her mother was murdered by the district creep and her father killed, she and her younger brother were given to my family. Aran, her younger brother, was my cousin that was the same age as me, 15 years old. My other cousin, Shelby, was also the same age as me. In a few months, she would be married. Sure, she would still live with us for a while after she got married, but after that she would move out with Audi, her arranged husband. They were both currently saving up for that. Currently, we were all scrapping by because of each of our jobs. I was a fighter in the local ring, Aston and Aran both worked on trains, Rebecca sold herself to whoever would buy it for the day, Shelby went to school and taught the rest of us subjects, and the three younger ones went to school. Brunella offered to skip school to get a job, but I wouldn't let her. She was only twelve years old! "You're up, good," Aran said. He stood a few feet away from the edge of the windowsill that both Aston and I slept on. He wore some of his worn out clothes along with some of his winter gear. "What time is it?" I asked sleepily. Aran shrugged and looked at the front door, where the clock hung. "Around seven," he answered. "You have an hour until you have to get them to school." I nodded. Aston stretched beside me. "That soon?" Aston muttered through a yawn. "Better start getting ready, don't want to be late," Aran pointed out. I nodded in agreement. "As for us, we have the day off!" Aston smiled happily. "Good. Honestly, I'm just happy to get away from Avalon. She. Is. Beyond . Crazy." Aran nodded his head in agreement. "Oh, you guys are so rude to her," I told them. Both of the boys scoffed. " You haven't met her, lucky for you. If you had, you would be happy to hide from her too!" Aston exclaimed. I rolled my eyes and stood up from the bed. "Aran, can you help me shovel?" Rebecca called from the front door. She was clad in her mittens and her winter hat. She wore Aran's old wool sweater and her old runners. Aran looked from us to his sister, a horrified expression on his face. " You are not allowed to shovel. Your ankle is screwed..." Aran muttered. He turned from us and jogged over to Rebecca. She twisted her ankle the other day, but she still wasn't going to rest. I turned to Aston. An expression I found hard to read was on his face. "Ummm… Hello?" I questioned tentatively. "Hey," he said, his expression still distant. Aston looked down at his sleeve and touched it cautiously. "Errr… Lex?" "What?" I asked. "Umm… Is this your drool?" He questioned. Aston was pointing at his sleeve, a smile growing on his face slowly. "Pfft, no." I lied quickly. "We should get ready." I took a step backwards, a laugh bubbling out from my lips as he stood up and mirrored my actions. A full grin was spread across his face. "Lex!" He lunged forward, wrapping his arms around me. He lifted me off the ground. I wiggled around in his hold, but squirming only made him tighten his arms. Aston started tickling my ribs, making me laugh uncontrollably. "Ash… Aston, stop!" I laughed. Still he kept tickling me. "Lex?" Brunella called. Aston stopped his attacks and put me back on my feet. I gasped for air as we both turned to face our little sister. "Yeah?" I breathed. She was wearing her winter gear and had two shovels in her hands. "We have to shovel quickly before school," Brunella said. I looked out of the window behind me, into the snow-covered streets. It was perfectly beautiful, but it was going to take a while to clear the snow from the path. "Oh, alright," I agreed, taking a shovel and a wool sweater. We started to walked to the front yard, where Aran and Rebecca were shoveling already. "You're not off the hook for the drool, Ms. Lexi," Aston called after me. I turned around, my tongue stuck out at him. "You can't do anything unless you can catch me!" I teased. He laughed at me as I ran out the door after my youngest siblings. I walked back from the school after dropping off Brunella and Ford at school. Kiva held one of my hands in her tiny one as we trudged through the untouched snow. The beautiful frozen water was still falling mercilessly from the sky, making it hard to see far in front of me. The snowflakes would melt once they touched my skin and they stuck to my thick brown hair. The wind was strong, blowing snowflakes into my face. It literally felt like I didn't have a nose anymore. My skin was nearly frozen on my gloveless hands and bare neck and face. My ears were covered by my hood from the wool sweater, luckily. My socks and shoes were wet and snow filled as I stomped through the mid-calf high snow. It looked as if we were the first, and only, ones out on the street. I almost envied the people still indoors. I was wet and cold, but we only had a few more houses to go until we were at home. While I was miserably walking through winter weather, Kiva was bouncing around and having a grand time. She would pick up snow off the ground and throw it high into the air, running through the small storm she made with a wide grin. Her hands were mitted, a hat covered her ears and a long scarf was wrapped around her neck so many times that I almost couldn't see her eyes. She looked happy though, not at all cold. "Lexi, can we play in the snow when we get home!?" Kiva asked excitedly. I frowned at having to spend any more time out in the cold and wet. "Oh, I don't know, Kiva," I answered. My hand that wasn't holding hers was shoved deep in one of the pockets to try to gain some warmth. "It's really cold." "Not really!" Kiva argued. "You are just thinking of being cold. Think of how much fun it would be. We haven't played in the snow in, like, forever." I laughed and shook my head. "I know, silly, but I don't want you sick." "I won't get sick. Cold, maybe, but we can always come back inside for cocoa. Rebecca can make some for us, if she isn't out!" Kiva told me. "We'll have to see. Aston and Aran are off work for today, you could ask them to play," I told her. She huffed and pulled her hand out of mine, crossing her arms in annoyance. "I want to play with you ,though!" She whined. By now, I could see my house and the two boys outside with shovels. Every few seconds, a huge cloud of snow would rain down from where their shovel let it fly. I stopped in the middle of the road, a smile lifting my lips as I formulated a plan of attack. Kiva turned to me, her little eyebrows raised in question. "Alright, we can play out in the snow," I told her slowly. Her face lit up and she hugged me tightly. "Yay! Oh, Lexi, this will be so much fun!" "Buuutttt," I drawled, "we are going to attack Aston and Aran," I said, a smirk on my face. She looked shocked for a second, before a smirk matching mine appeared on her tiny features. "A snowball fight!?" She asked, excitement lighting up her voice. I nodded my head and she squealed in delight. "Oooo, this will be so much fun!" "We have to be quiet though, as we sneak into the house. We'll go through the back door and I'll grab some extra mitts and possibly a scarf if the boys found any," I told her. Kiva nodded enthusiastically. I ducked onto the other road that crossed by my house and ran into my backyard. As soon as I was in the house, my muscles relaxed as the heat hit me. "Rebecca?" Kiva called through the house. No call answered hers. She crossed her arms and sighed, clearly disappointed. "She's