Author's Note: Hey readers! I wasn't planning on writing a Twilight fanfic, but I saw New Moon again over the weekend (it has been a few years since I've seen it) and I got the sudden urge to start writing one! Paul is a tough, stubborn, and temperamental character and he is pretty sexy (or at least from they way Alex Meraz portrayed him in the movie haha) and that's why I wanted to write a story about him! Oh, and also because I am so in love with the whole idea of imprinting. I mean, I do agree that it's a little creepy at times like how a shape-shifter can imprint on a little kid, but they can start out as friends and eventually become something more so it's not that creepy. I think "imprinting" in the Twilight universe is so cute, romantic, and interesting. Yes, I'm totally obsessed with it! I wanted to post this as soon as I finished writing it so I wasn't able to read over my chapter and edit it a bunch of times like I usually do so I apologize if there are any mistakes. I promise I'll go over and fix whatever needs to be fixed later on! Btw, if you want to imagine what my OC Olivia Swan looks like, I kind of want to imagine her to look like Odeya Rush. That's just my preference, but if you imagine her to look different, I encourage you to imagine her that way :) Whichever makes you happier! I hope you all enjoy reading this first chapter. Sometimes it's hard to give characters their own personalities when writing in the beginning, but I think I'll eventually get the hang of it. I'll try to write the next chapter soon. This is the third fanfic I have up right now and I don't want to become one of those people who keep writing new stories and never finish them so I'll need to start writing my ass off lol. Anyway, thank you for taking the time to read my first chapter and hopefully I'll see you in the next one! Please leave a REVIEW, follow, and favorite! Thank you. -Jane Chapter 1: When Fairytales Are Real March 2006 I had wished that Bella had never met Edward and now that he was gone, I wished he was back. There had been a small party at the home of the Cullens that had been planned for Bella and I on our birthday a few months ago. I had declined the invitation and celebrated the special day with my dad instead so I never understood why the Cullens suddenly left the next day because I wasn't there to witness what happened, but I never asked. Bella was heartbroken and there was no need to pry any further and hurt her even more. Maybe it would have been a good idea for Bella to have spent our birthday together with dad and I rather than the Cullens. It had been our first birthday apart and honestly, it was nothing interesting. No offense to what my dad prepared for me. The dinner was nice, but it could have been a tiny bit nicer. Oh, and speaking of my dad. Yes, I actually called my dad, dad unlike Bella who liked to call our dad Charlie (of course not to his face). It was always weird to me, but I sort of understood why. She wasn't used to him being around us that she wanted to just call him by his first name. Even though our parents separated when we were younger, I had never stopped loving my dad. I think I skyped him at least once a week when Bella and I were still in Arizona. He was a good man and the two of us got along really well. He was a bit awkward, but thankfully I wasn't because I had gotten my mother's outgoing personality and so that made our relationship pretty normal. However, Bella was very similar to our dad in the awkward sense so when the two of them were together, things became very uncomfortable. However, they did get a little used to each other ever since Bella and I moved here to Forks last year. It was just Edward who seemed to get in the way of the new development of my sister and dad's relationship and he was also getting in the way of my special bond with her. Bella and I were fraternal twins. We were basically nothing alike. We didn't look like each other and we didn't have similar interests. Bella had our mom's reddish brown hair and she had the same brown eyes as our dad. On the other hand, I had gotten our mom's blue eyes and our dad's dark hair. People often thought we weren't twins and that I was her little sister. This annoyed me at times because technically, I really was her little sister. She was older than me by only a few minutes, but she had always rubbed that small fact in my face as we grew up. Starting from our childhood, Bella was often like an older sister to me. She made sure to take care of me first and she was always supportive. It was like she was the most unselfish person in the world. Bella and I were total opposites. To explain it in short, I was the "girly" one and she was the "tomboy." I enjoyed carrying conversations and she preferred listening. Sometimes, it was hard to know what she was thinking, but she was still my twin sister and so I could figure her out while others couldn't. I knew her well, or I thought I had. After Edward and his family suddenly left Forks, she entered a state of depression and became a whole different person. It was like I didn't know her anymore. She would sit in a table alone during lunch, she would lock herself in her room and stare out the window, and she wouldn't talk to me. Well, she did, but it wasn't like before when we were actually like normal sisters. Dad was worried and so was I. What had Edward done to her? Remember how I said a few lines ago that Bella was like the most unselfish person in the world? Well, that was exactly what I had thought until I realized that it wasn't necessarily true. There was one thing that she could be selfish about and that was love. This is where Edward comes in. The first day she met him, she had complained to me about how rude he was and then a few weeks later they were friends, and then suddenly...BAM! They were going out together! She started hanging out with him a lot and it became hard to see her face even though we lived in the same house. I didn't know why, but I didn't like Edward Cullen at all. Okay, maybe I did know why. It had to do with the reason why Bella had ended up in the hospital in a critical condition almost a year ago. She had tumbled down a flight of stairs and had fallen out of a window, but she had been injured so badly. It just didn't make sense to me. There was something strange about Edward and his family. Another reason why I didn't like the Cullens or specifically Edward was because I felt like I no longer had my sister. She preferred him over me. I knew that I was being dramatic, but I had never been in love with someone before so I couldn't understand how Edward could be more important than me, her own sister. But apparently, love was strong and it could also be scary. Watching my sister's heartbroken condition made me eager about finding my own love someday, but it also made me worry. Love was so complex and it could make someone become extremely vulnerable. I felt bad. Horrible really. Edward leaving had changed Bella. My sister was so different now. She hadn't ever been an outgoing person, but the state she was currently in was so concerning. She was silent throughout the day. The only time I seemed to hear her voice was when she screamed during her nightmares. She still went to school consistently and never skipped class, but it was obvious that everyone at Forks High knew what was going on. After all, the abrupt decision of the Cullens' to move out of Forks had affected us all. It seemed like this dull small-town was becoming even duller without their presence. There was no one interesting to gossip about anymore and that was a big deal for our school where everyone knew everyone. Recently, Bella started getting a little more "normal." She started joining the rest of our friends at the table during lunch and she had even gone out to the movies with Jessica and I a few nights ago. Oh, Lord. That night had been shocking. While I had walked a little down the street on my own to get in the red truck and to drive it over to the front of the theater for the convenience of the two, Bella had approached a motorcycle gang and had gotten on with one of the bikers. When I pulled up to the front of the theater and saw Jessica standing alone, I had freaked out and yelled at her for letting my sister go so carelessly. She agreed that she should have prevented Bella from going and apologized, but that didn't mean I was going to let Bella off on her crazy behavior. After that incident, I had kept my eyes on her. Thankfully, it seemed like she wasn't going to be doing anything crazy again like that, but like always, I was wrong. I hadn't been so welcoming to the idea when Bella told me she wanted our friend Jacob to fix an old motorcycle she had bought, but after hearing how much she wanted to take her mind off things, I figured why not. This was how Bella ended up going over to La Push every day after school to see Jacob. I even went with her on some days. I was glad because Bella was getting better and I had a feeling it was because of Jacob. I knew he liked her, but my sister was obviously friend-zoning him. She still wasn't over Edward. When the next month approached, things quickly became bad again. Jacob wouldn't answer any of Bella's calls. It was like he was ignoring her and she was starting to get frustrated and also somewhat anxious. She had driven over to to his house and had finally seen him. When she came back, she looked sad. She told me he changed. He was no longer the Jacob Black that she knew. He cut his hair short and got a tattoo. She believed it was Sam Uley's influence. Apparently he had said that he couldn't be friends with her anymore. Now she was depressed again. She had been rejected and left alone for the second time. First Edward and now Jacob. One day I saw Bella heading into the woods with her orange backpack. I decided to follow her. I wanted to know where the hell she was going. It hadn't really been my plan to stalk her, but I was doing exactly that. I had a small warning going off in my head that with how depressed she was, there was a possibility that when she entered the woods, she would never come back. I didn't know if she was that depressed, but I didn't want to take a chance. When Bella stopped in the middle of the yellow meadow, I briefly forgot that I needed to be silent and cringed when I heard a twig snapping under my foot. Bella spun around looking clearly jumpy. "Olivia! You scared