Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings belongs to J.R.R Tolkien, the master of Middle Earth. I am merely taking his events in the War of the Ring, coupled with the setting and characters, and shaping them into my own version. I do not take much credit for this work, since Tolkien laid out an incredible amount of groundwork for me. However, I thought it would be interesting to add a more modern, feminine perspective to the story. Author's Note: All conversations that take place are in the Common Language, or Westron, (modern day English) unless otherwise noted and translated for the reader to understand. In areas where I do not know the exact translation of English to Elfish, I have come up with my own replica of the language. At any time I could, I did my best to take directly from the novel or others stories that included the quotes within. Volume I The Grey Book of Days a personal and collective history of the Fellowship Introduction In the following text, you will hear a story that no one has heard before outside of Middle Earth. A good many of these events parallel Bilbo Baggin's and Frodo Baggin's (Ringbearer) accounts in the Red Book of Westmarch, but neither of these legendary Hobbits spoke ofthe two women that aided in the Fellowship of the Ring and the One Ring's demise alongwith Sauron. It is thought that the Ringbearer purposely did not include references tothese women in accordance with their personal wishes, or quite possibly to keep their names and histories private, as was a custom in those days, especially regarding roles of women. However, when the War of the Ring ended, one of these women wrote everythingthat transpired from memory, in very great detail and literacy. Her tale was found decadesafter her death, and the book was considered one of the most treasured tales of the pastMiddle Earth had ever known, aside from the Red Book of Westmarch. We do not know how long it took her to complete this lengthy work, but it has been argued that others added to the story after her death. We do not agree. The text is completely her own, and her astonishingly modernistic method of writing rings true throughout the Volumes. The following is her very personal account of all that she experienced from beginning to end. Please note that we went through great pains to preserve the authenticity of her work as much as we could, but we did edit along the way for your convenience. This text was written in a large, bound book, and it was primarily penned in Westron, although bits of Elvish appear in sections. Thankfully, she included translations alongside these languages. It is our great pleasure to share this wonderful tale. Let us allow you to meet Amira, daughter of Drü and Amirana, female Ranger of the North, member of legendary Fellowship of the Ring... A Note on Names: Amira – pronounced "Ah-my-ra" (nickname Amir – pronounced "Am-ire") Ehlon – pronounced "Eh-lon" with a soft "e" such as in "elephant" A Note on Roles of Persons in the Grey Book of Days: Frodo Baggins , a well-to-do hobbit from the Shire, who inherits the One Ring from Bilbo, his adoptive uncle (actual cousin). Samwise Gamgee , gardener for the Bagginses, who accompanies Frodo on the quest to destroy the Ring. Meriadoc Brandybuck , or Merry, Frodo's cousin and companion in the Fellowship. Peregrin Took , Pip or Pippin, Frodo's cousin and companion in the Fellowship. Gandalf , a wizard, who aids Frodo in his quest. A Maia sent by the Valar to contest Sauron. Adoptive uncle figure to Amira. Ehlon , daughter of Lord Ehlonear and Lady Milanwen. A descendant of a great line of Dunedain and member of the Fellowship. Is a female Ranger who has travelled a great many places in Middle Earth (nicknamed " Walker "). Aragorn , descendant of Isildur and rightful heir to the thrones of Arnor and Gondor. Also known as Strider . Legolas Greenleaf , an Elf prince, who aids Frodo and the Fellowship. Son of King Thrandruil of Mirkwood and friend of the dwarf Gimli. Gimli , son of Glóin, a dwarf included in the Fellowship. Denethor , ruling Steward of Gondor and Lord of Minas Tirith. Boromir , the eldest son of Denethor and member of the Fellowship. Faramir , younger brother of Boromir and not favoured by Denethor. Elrond, Lord of Rivendell and father to Arwen Undomiel. Bilbo Baggins , Frodo's adoptive uncle. Théoden , King of Rohan. Éomer , the 3rd Marshal of the Mark, Théoden's nephew. Later King of Rohan after Théoden's death. Éowyn , sister of Éomer. Treebeard , an Ent, who rescues Meriadoc and Pippin from orcs and who helps to turn the tide of battle. Sauron , the Dark Lord and titular Lord of the Rings, a fallen Maia who helped the Elves forge the Rings of Power long ago. He forged the One Ring in secret to control all the other Rings of Power. The Nazgûl or Ringwraiths , nine servants of Sauron. Kings of old, they were enslaved to the One Ring through nine of the Rings of Power. The Witch-king of Angmar , the Lord of the Nazgûl, and Sauron's most powerful servant, who commands Sauron's army. Saruman , a corrupted wizard who seeks the One Ring for himself. Brainwashed by Sauron through overuse of the Palantír. A Maia sent by the Valar to contest Sauron. Gríma Wormtongue , a servant of Saruman, a go-between from Saruman to Théoden who poisons Théoden's perceptions with well placed "advice". Gollum (named Sméagol in earlier life) , who formerly possessed the One Ring, which turned him to evil and gave him unnaturally long life. Prologue " I amar prestar sen: han mathon ne nen, han mathon ne chae…a han noston ned wilith," 'The world is changed: I feel it in the water, I feel it in the earth… I smell it in the air,' the Lady of the Wood, Lady Galadriel, whispered within her peaceful garden in Lórien. Visions danced in her mind, visions of what was, what is, and what will. "It began with the forging of the Great Rings. Three were given to the Elves, immortal, wisest, fairest of all beings. Seven to the Dwarf Lords, great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. And Nine… nine rings were gifted to the race of Men who, above all else, desire power. For within these rings was bound the strength and will to govern each race… but they were all of them deceived for another ring was made. In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom, the Dark Lord Sauron forged in secret a Master Ring to control all others, and into this Ring he poured his cruelty, his malice and his will to dominate all life. One Ring to rule them all… the one we all fear and seek. " One by one the Free lands of Middle earth fell to the power of the ring. But there were some who resisted. A last alliance of Men and Elves marched against the armies of Mordor. On the slopes of Mount Doom they fought for the freedom of Middle-Earth. Soon, victory was near for all… but the power of the Ring could not be undone. Sauron emerged upon the battlefield, slaying all nearest to him, taking down the mightiest of Men and Elves alike… one of which was the King of Gondor, it was in this moment when all hope had faded. But then, from the ashes, Isildur, son of the king, took up his father's sword… and Sauron, the enemy of the Free Peoples of Middle Earth, was defeated. " The Ring passed to Isildur who had this one chance to destroy evil forever, but the hearts of Men are easily corrupted, and the Ring of Power has a will of its own… and in the end it betrayed Isildur to his death… " Some things that should not have been forgotten were lost. History became legend, and legend became myth. For two and a half thousand years the Ring passed out of all knowledge. " Until, when chance came, the Ring ensnared a new bearer...the creature Gollum. He took it, and for five hundred years it poisoned Gollum's mind, consuming him, bringing him unnatural long life. And in the gloom of Gollum's cave the Ring waited. Darkness crept back into the world, whispers of a nameless fear… the Shadow in the East. The Ring of Power perceived that it's time had now come. " It abandoned Gollum… but something happened then the Ring did not intend. It was picked up by the most unlikely creature imaginable…a Hobbit… Bilbo Baggins of the Shire. For the time will soon come… when Hobbits will shape the fortunes of all ," Chapter One – A Strange Encounter The first page of this chapter had mildew on the top portion, ruining the page beyond repair, so we do not know if there were any introductory notes. This is the beginning of what we were able to read. Amira's writing was very small, and ink blots would often merge two words together, forcing us to use forensic means to decipher them. We assume, however, that Amira's journey began somewhere in Arthedain, where she lived while she trained as a Ranger. The chilly fall air lanced through my clothes and into my skin, and I couldn't help but shiver as I stopped on the hill that would lead down to the Shire. I smiled as I drew my eyes over the valley, not wanting to forget the beauty of the multi-coloured grasses and golden trees. I had never come this far West before; everything I had seen on my journey to date was new. I straightened my back slightly as I thought of the quest I was currently about to embark on: the Quest of the Ring. Not only would I be crossing through unknown lands in Middle Earth, I would be guiding the Hobbit with the One Ring toward the fiery mountains where it had been created. I shivered slightly, feeling the dampness of the forest I'd just brushed through stick to my clothes and cool my skin. Darkness was spreading everywhere, and I could feel the first faint beginnings of it even here, in the peaceful valley of the Hobbits. I sighed wearily; it had been a long journey, and the aches and pains were catching up on me. In all my years of training with Gandalf and my Ranger friends, I never felt as tired as I did that day. I rubbed a cold hand over my face and mustered the strength to continue walking, trying instead to focus on the unexpected beauty of this yawning valley. The Shire was where this journey would begin, and it was where I was needed, so I must go... Trudging down the steep hill, I had to be careful on the wet grass, which was slippery from rain. Over the faint outline of the mountains I could see black clouds moving steadily toward the Shire, and I guessed tonight there would be more rain. As I slipped and slid down the hill, I wondered where Gandalf was now. He had insisted I make this trip alone while he went on a trail to the East toward Bree, where the paths of the Company would converge. Moving from the hill and onto a road, I found my thoughts wandering to those who I would be guiding: the Hobbits. I knew the Ringbearer's name was Frodo Baggins and his loyal friend was Samwise Gamgee, but I knew nothing more. I smiled wryly, because Gandalf was always stingy with details like those, making me believe after a time that it was his effort to create a mystery for me to unravel. Living and fighting with the great wizard had taught me enough to be patient for answers,