Volume II And so begins the second volume of Amira's tale. There were no missing pages to be accounted for here, so we assume this flight to the land of Rohan to the North-West is the true beginning. Chapter Seventeen: The Plains of Eastemnet The following days were a blur of repetition, but most of all, energy sapping pain. I had never had to run any distance with a wound, and I was finding every step a painful one. I did my best to hold my arm in a way that wouldn't jostle it so, but it soon became clear that pain was unavoidable. As we moved away from the River Anduin and the hills by Amon Hen, the earth levelled and stretched as far as the eye could see in fields of stunning gold to contrast the blue sky. Aragorn stopped every once and awhile to lay his ear to the ground and listen for the Uruk-hai, and I took advantage of these small rests, for they were few and far between. What a time to be injured! At the end of a day, my jaw would ache from holding it in a tight grimace. Of course, I was of little help to gather firewood or hunt for edible plants, although I did make a weak attempt to assist whenever I could. I was quickly led away to sit by the fire, where I would cradle my arm and battle against my dazedness and pain. Even sleep evaded me, since the constant agony tormented me at rest. On the fourth day of running, my legs gave out. I suppose I must have fainted from pain momentarily, for some time had passed before my eyelids fluttered open. Legolas and Ehlon were leaning over me concernedly, and I lifted myself up onto my elbows. Shame filled me. I took a deep breath: "I did not mean for that to happen. Let us continue," Legolas grasped my uninjured arm when I attempted to stand, holding me down. Ehlon gazed at me with a frown. "I do not think you should continue any further," she said slowly. "This run is killing you!" Reaching out, she placed her palm over my forehead, and her hand was cool against my feverish skin. I closed my eyes for a moment, and when I opened them, Aragorn had stepped forward. "Amira, are you alright?" he asked, and I nodded. Ehlon shook her head. "She is far from alright, Aragorn," she hissed angrily. "The wound is giving her a fever, and she will only weaken further. She needs proper rest and sleep, not to mention a healer!" Aragorn chewed at his lip, frowning. In the silence that followed Ehlon's statement, Legolas spoke up. "I will carry her," he offered, and Ehlon's head snapped toward the Elf. I gazed up at him in surprise. Aragorn gave a slow nod, and Legolas gathered me into his arms, carefully lifting me up. I winced a little, and Ehlon frown deepened. "Are you comfortable?" Legolas asked softly. I attempted a smile, although I felt perfectly ridiculous. I should not have needed such measures! They all began to run again, and I suppose I must have slipped into a feverish doze against the Prince's chest, for night had fallen when Legolas laid me on my cloak to sleep. At this time I was so exhausted that no pain would keep me from sleep, for soon morning came and the process was repeated. Legolas carried me for two more days, and it was on the seventh day that I felt strong enough to run on my own. The Elf did not like this one bit, but he allowed it with a delicate frown. On and on we ran over the rolling, golden fields until at last Legolas's keen eyes spotted the dark gathering of Uruk-hai on the horizon. Aragorn called for a momentary rest. Legolas shook his head. "They run as if the very whips of their masters were behind them." "Indeed, Legolas. They are marching far quicker than I expected," our leader admitted slowly. "Let us hope they slow their advances." There was silence as a water flask was passed around. I believe we were all attempting not to think of the possibilities surrounding Merry and Pippin's fate at the hands of the Uruk-hai. Gimli, leaning on his axe, sighed emphatically but said nothing. Allowing my senses to expand, I stretched myself as far as I could. To my surprise, I met the dark force of the Uruk-hai army on the horizon. Although my reaction was to pull away in revulsion, I scanned through the melting pot of black energy for the Hobbits, feeling my energy drain as I did so. In the next moment, I felt their life forces, pure and unmistakable. I pulled back in excitement. All were staring curiously at me. "The Hobbits?" Ehlon guessed anxiously. My voice nearly broke with relief. "They are alive!" I breathed out, a smile forming on my face momentarily. Aragorn's shoulders straightened. "Are you certain?" I nodded, and Legolas brushed off the grass from his legs. "The Hobbits are crafty folk to stay in one piece among those foul Uruk-hai," he murmured in admiration. Ehlon smiled, rolling her neck to the side. Gimli raised his axe. "Let us run!" he growled. And run we did, our footsteps buoyed by not only our purpose, but the knowledge that our dear friends were alive… On the eighth day, just as the morning sun was rising and setting alight the tips of the grass, Aragorn heard the thundering of hooves from his place on the ground. Blinking the last remains of sleep from my eyes, I watched as he and Legolas stood side by side, both squinting into the distance. "They are riding quickly," the Elf murmured. "How many are there, Legolas? Your eyes are far keener than mine," Aragorn said. There was a pause. "Twenty-five dozen," he confirmed, "And I believe they have seen us." Ehlon's hand went to the hilt of her sword. "Who are they?" she asked, "The Rohirrim?" Aragorn nodded, but he seemed deep in thought. I pulled myself into a sitting position, trying to sort through the changing events. The Rohirrim were the Riders of Rohan, a highly trained and deadly force of warriors to which I had heard many tales of from other Rangers. Ehlon gazed up at the sky for a moment, closing her eyes. Then she turned to Aragorn. "They must have met the Uruk-hai on the horizon, for it would be impossible not to sight them in this sort of landscape." Indeed, without natural valleys or mountains or even forests, there was little to conceal an enemy here… Aragorn did not answer for a long moment. Finally, he said: "If they have seen us, we will await them." Gimli jumped up suddenly. "Excuse me, sir, but I don't like the idea of sitting like a hunted duck in the least," he argued, "They might mistake us for the enemy!" I stood slowly, and strode to Ehlon, who was still staring at the sky. Our leader gazed at the indignant Dwarf with an ironic smile. "With a Dwarf and Elf in our midst, it would be difficult to mistake us for Uruk-hai. Wait we must, for the Riders will know of Merry and Pippin." Ehlon turned to me, lifting up my wounded arm gently. She checked over the temporary bandage before meeting my eyes. "Is it any better?" I nodded, for it was true that the pain had ebbed slightly. She sighed, "Can you make a fist?" My attempt was met with a searing jolt of pain, and I stalled. She straightened. "Come with me a moment," she said, and then she led me to where my cloak was lying on the ground. She made me kneel, and before I could protest, she removed my leather jerkin and outer tunic, leaving me in my thin white undershirt. The morning air was cool, and I shivered a little but did not ask of Ehlon's actions. It was a universal message of peace and surrender in Middle Earth: the white undershirt and visible bandage spoke to any eye that the member of the Company was wounded and would not draw their weapon to fight. Aragorn smiled a little when he saw Ehlon's handiwork, but again he turned to the advancing dust rising from hooves of the Rohirrim riding toward us. We five stood side by side together unmoving, watching in silence. I shivered again, and Ehlon pulled me close to wrap her cloak around me. Leaning against her gratefully, I watched the oncoming Riders, still two and a half leagues away. When they were half a league from us, Aragorn raised his head to the morning sun, the rays lighting up the red undertones in his hair. Legolas's hand crept toward his bow but he did not pull it from his shoulder. Gimli, too, appeared restless. But Aragorn was completely at ease as the Rohirrim drew closer. The thundering hooves met my ears at last, and I saw the sun glinting off the raised spears and armour of the great warriors. I leaned away from Ehlon, taking a deep breath and straightening my spine. She stared straight ahead, her profile against the sun appearing almost regal. The host of Riders had nearly passed when Aragorn opened his mouth, calling out in a loud, commanding voice: "What news from the North, Riders of Rohan?" The effect was immediate. My breath caught as the Riders instantly checked their steeds and charged them in our direction as though they might trample us. I tensed up, but just then the Riders changed their direction and circled around us, forming a smaller and smaller clearing until at last we were surrounded. Our backs pressing against each other as a circle of Riders caged us in with their spears. Aragorn stared calmly at the Rohirrim, but Legolas had an arrow fitted on his bow, and Gimli had raised his axe threateningly. Ehlon had drawn her sword, glaring at the rider pointing his spear at her shoulder. Another rider held his spear a mere hands-length from my neck, and as much as every fibre of my being urged to draw my sword, I resisted, forcing myself to keep calm. A man seated on a black horse among the chestnuts urged his steed forward slightly, the sun playing on his blonde hair and glinting in his hazel eyes. I saw surprise register on his face when he sighted Ehlon and me, but that soon was gone. He stared at Aragorn with a frown, his face a mask of authority. "Who are you and what are you doing in this land?" he called out in the Common Speech, his voice breaking the tense silence which had descended. "I am called Strider," our leader answered fearlessly. "I came out of the North. I am hunting Orcs." I looked briefly to Aragorn, marvelling at his calmness in this situation. My eyes were drawn back to the speaker when he swung off his horse and handed his spear to a companion. Drawing his sword slowly, he stepped forward to stand face to face with Aragorn. My body tensed completely as I watched them stare at each other for a long moment. The atmosphere was like the electricity in the air before a lightning storm; the men's eyes shot daggers into each other as they stared. Finally, the man spoke: "You know little of Orcs if you go hunting them in this fashion. They were swift and well-armed, and they were many. But there is something strange about you, Strider…" the man paused, his clear eyes narrowing. "That is no name for a Man that you give. And strange too is your raiment." Still Aragorn did not speak. The man sighed. "How did you escape our sight? Are you Elvish folk?" At the corner of my eye, I saw Ehlon bite her lip, a