A/N: Hello, my lovely readers. I come to you with another tale. I've always wanted to write a LegolasOC and I finally came up with an idea that I didn't hate. lol Well, I hope you all like it... The Elf-Maiden of Rohan The sun slowly began to rise over the kingdom of Rohan. Morning light bathed the land in a pale glow. Summer was coming to an end, and the air was now crisp and cool in the early hours of the day. Mist covered the ground like a faint blanket. Everything was peaceful and quiet; the birds just beginning to sing. Only one lone figure walked the otherwise deserted plains of Rohan. A young woman made her way through the tall grasses, a basket filled with the wildflowers of the Riddermark. She hummed a cheery tune to herself quietly, a wistful smile gracing her pretty face. A slight breeze blew over the plain, causing the maiden to draw her fur-lined cloak closer to her small form. The walls of Edoras loomed before her in the distance. Though the great city had always been her home, she found its walls to be too confining at times and often went beyond its borders for a breath of freedom. Something in her heart adored the wilderness, the open skies. She loved to feel the wind on her face, the smell of grass and dirt. Her morning walk was just another way of being outside of the castle. Idly, she toyed with the idea of taking her horse out for a run later in the day. She crouched down to the ground, picking more flowers and herbs before placing them in her basket. She would miss their brilliant colors when summer finally did flee the land. But for now, she was free to enjoy nature's beauty. Her fingers caressed tenderly the silken petals of a wild rose, admiring their pale blush of color. In the recesses of her mind, she noted that she could feel the flower breathing onto her fingertips. Her eyes watched as the petals strained upwards toward the sun, taking in life-giving energy. When she concentrated hard enough, she could see all the other flowers surrounding her doing the same. This was not the first time she had seen such peculiar sights. For the entirety of her short life she knew she was different, foreign from anyone else… She was taken from her thoughts when she heard the steady drumming of hoof beats. Her eyes rose from the flower and saw a horse and rider quickly approaching her from the city. A smile graced her lips when she recognized the two. Swiftly she was on her feet and racing towards the rider. When they met, the great horse shadowed her. She shielded her eyes against the sun as she gazed up at the rider. "Out so early, Lady Auraelya?" The rider asked, his tone teasing. "And alone? Do you find such peace in your solitude?" Lady Auraelya smiled brightly, and the rider noted how her eyes sparkled like emeralds in the light. Her dark hair whipped about her wildly in the wind. "The early morning brings a quiet sereneness to my heart, yes." She replied. "But your company does not disrupt that peace, my lord." "I am glad to hear it, my lady." The rider answered, a smile of his own finding its way onto his handsome face. "So on what business sends the king's son from the castle at this hour?" "The business of discovering the whereabouts of his betrothed." He told her, slyly. "Well, it appears as if you have found her." Auraelya stated, the makings of a smirk taking over her smile. "And so I have." The rider leaned down and caressed Auraelya's pale cheek with a gloved hand. Her eyes fluttered as she reached up and cradled his hand to her face. "Theodred…" She murmured, softly. Her loving voice sent a warm shiver through-out his being. Theodred smiled tenderly, unable to believe that a creature so fair could be his. "My beautiful Auraelya," He spoke in a hushed tone. His fingertips brushed along the side of her face, trailing along her jaw line and up to her ears. Auraelya shivered and stifled a groan as Theodred teased the most sensitive part of her body. He ran his fingers around the shell and then over the top. But instead of having the normal arc, the top of her ear ended in a blunt point. Her eyes stared intently into his as he touched this abnormal feature. They will write stories of her someday , Theodred thought, wistfully, when we are the monarchs of Rohan. She shall be the Lady Auraelya, first Elven Queen of the Golden Hall. They will sing songs of her unmatched beauty, and I will be there beside her…until death take me. When he awoke from his thoughts, Theodred offered Auraelya his hand and asked, "Will my lady do me the honor of accompanying me back to the Hall?" Auraelya smiled as she nodded and said, "I shall, my lord." She handed him her basket first taking his hand and mounted the horse. Cradling the basket in her lap, Auraelya wrapped her arms around his middle. Theodred clicked to the horse and gave it a nudge to spur it on. The stallion raced back towards the city, bearing its cargo with ease. The jubilant smile never left Theodred's face. He would forever wish to ride with Auraelya and feel her embrace, the warmth of her body pressed against his. They rode through the gate, and the crowd of peasants broke before them. Some bowed, others dipped their heads respectfully. Before long, they had made their way to the royal stables. Auraelya dismounted and looked up at the prince. "What duties must you attend to today, my lord?" She asked. "I have to meet with the scouts. Orcs have been seen in our northern lands." Theodred told her before dismounting his horse. "But afterward, would you accompany me on a picnic?" "Of course." She answered, her smile brightening. Theodred took her hand in his and kissed it lightly. "I'll meet you by the gate when the sun is highest in the sky." He said, joyfully, turning to take his horse into the stable. "I'll count the hours…" She murmured before turning to the castle. The guards opened the doors for her, nodding at her appearance. The great hall was empty. King Théoden was not yet seated upon his throne. Someone had already started the fire, and it crackled as it consumed the wood. Auraelya made her way through the castle, knowing each corridor and room by heart. She entered her room and threw off her cloak, setting her basket on a chest of drawers. Then, she began to sort the flowers and herbs, which would be used for cooking and medicines or merely just decoration. As she was setting the healing plants back in the basket to be taken to the storage cell, a presence came to stand in her doorway. "Out early again, my friend?" A voice called. Auraelya turned to see a young woman standing before her. Her hair resembled the pale light of the sun. She was pale and fair with vibrant eyes of cornflower blue. The maiden smiled, bringing light to her cool features. Auraelya smiled in return and said, "Yes, to get the freshest pick for our supplies." "I honestly think you are the only one in all of Edoras that wakes with the sun." The maiden teased. "We all cannot sleep the day away like you, Éowyn." Auraelya retorted with a smirk. Éowyn laughed as she entered the room. "I see you have seen Theodred already this morning." Auraelya gave her an odd look, but her smile did not fade. "How could you tell?" "You have that look about you…like you have found the key to get into Heaven." Éowyn explained, picking up Auraelya's discarded cloak and laying it carefully on her bed. "You always carry that look after you have been with my cousin." "Well, in a sense have I not?" Auraelya inquired, her expression slightly serious. "I cannot put words to how Theodred makes me feel, Eowyn. It's almost like…finding the other half of your soul." Éowyn smiled up at her and said, "I hope someday I'll find what you found in Theodred." "You will, Éowyn." Auraelya assured her, walking over and putting her hands on her shoulders. "And it will happen when you least expect it. It will be in the way he looks at you; your heart will almost sing." "You make it sound so wonderful. I envy you, Lya." Éowyn stated. "Oh my, the mighty Shieldmaiden of Rohan is jealous of me!" Auraelya exclaimed teasingly putting a hand to her mouth to feign shock. "I'm frightened!" "Oh, come now," Éowyn sighed, failing not to laugh, "do not poke fun at me!" "I'm sorry, Éowyn. You just make it too easy sometimes." Auraelya apologized. "Well, when you are done mocking me, maybe you could help me mix up some solves and elixirs." Éowyn retorted, retrieving Auraelya's herb basket. "I would be happy to assist you." Auraelya replied, linking her arm through Éowyn's as they left her room behind. For the rest of the morning, Auraelya helped restock their healing inventory, mixing potions when needed. She found the clean smell of the medicines calming. Her and Éowyn chatted and exchanged playful banter as they worked. Before long, the sun rose to its highest point in the sky. After Auraelya made sure Éowyn could handled the rest of the restocking by herself, she hurried from the storage cell. The sun warmed her skin as she raced to the gates of the city. In the process, she was nearly run over by Éowyn's older brother Éomer and his horse. He smirked down at her knowingly as he leaned forward slightly and asked, "Why in such a hurry, Auraelya? Off to meet my cousin I suspect." "Yes, if you must know…I am." She answered with a grin. "I suspect you must be the reason he was so anxious to get out of our meeting." Éomer chuckled, before guiding his horse around her. "Don't keep him waiting too long or he will be beside himself with impatience." Auraelya nodded and continued on down towards the gates. And sure enough when they come into her sight, Theodred was already there waiting for her. He was leaning against the great, wooden doorway, arms folded across his broad chest impatiently. When he saw Auraelya approaching, he pushed himself off of the doorway. In a few long strides, Auraelya was in his arms. He kissed her soundly on the mouth, holding her to him firmly. Auraelya smiled into the kiss, draping her long arms about his neck. Finally, they parted, smiling happily to each other. Theodred took her small hand in his and led her out the gates, stooping briefly to pick up their picnic basket. Hand in hand, they walked out into the plains. The two picked a sunny spot among the softly-rolling mounds that housed the tombs of Theodred's kin. He removed his cloak and spread it out on the ground to serve as a blanket. Auraelya sat herself down upon it, and Theodred followed suit, his body pressed against hers. She snuggled up to his warmth and laid her head against his shoulder contently. Theodred smiled and began to unpack the basket. They dined on roasted pheasant and a mix of greens with wild berries. Theodred had brought some sweet wine in a flask for them to share. Auraelya savored the wine; it tasted of strawberries, her favorite. They ate in a pleasant silence, basking in the warmth of the sun and their general affection for one another. Once their meal had been cleaned up, the lovers relaxed under the sun. Theodred lay out on the ground, his head pillowed on Auraelya's lap. She ran her fingers gently through his