Welcome to the 125th Hunger Games! Just a few things before the story begins. This occurs as if Katniss failed so no District 12. Also, this story is a partner story. While this tells the story of Glacia from District Two, there is another story that follows her district partner Lance. Be sure to check out that story as it will give a different perspective of the same games. And don't worry, the two stories are very different from each other. I will update the stories on the same day, that way once the games start you can choose which story to read first as there will be some spoilers about what might happen to the other character. I'll let you begin the story. As always, please review and let me know what you think, good or bad. Any comments are good comments. Let the Games begin! Chapter 1: The whispers follow close behind me as I make my way into the Victor's Village. They have always followed me. They all snickered at me because I'm the granddaughter of Sylvia Skylar, the only victor in District Two who has lost her mind to the games. It was a different time when Grandma was in the games, only six years after the terrible rebellion happened during the Third Quarter Quell and failed. My grandmother had lived through the rebellion, struggling to survive and protect her two younger sisters as bombings occurred daily and every capable man and woman over the age of 16 was taken away to fight for the Capitol. And when she was reaped, no one dared to volunteer and seem a little too rebellious that soon after the rebellion. So Grandma did what she had been doing for years: survived. I have only seen small clips of those games and Grandma didn't talk very much about them when she was well, but I can understand why she is the way she is now. The games for several years after the rebellion were particularly cruel and my grandmother had to do terrible things to the children of rebels to get the favor of the sponsors and eventually win. Sylvia wasn't always that way. It was only in the past ten years that with her age, the dementia started and made her experience panic attacks as the disease made her believe she was in the arena again. But to me, she is still the lovable woman who helped raise me. My father has been a member of the Peacekeepers for over twenty years and is always getting moved around to different districts. In fact, I barely view him as family since he was never really there when I was growing up and the last time I saw him was five years ago. But Sylvia is the closest family member I have. I smile fondly as I recall how much Grandma used to spoil me since I'm her only grandchild. She was only able to do so because of her winnings as a victor and it seems like a cruel twist of fate that the thing that once brought her joy has become a daily source of fear. Grandma didn't deserve the whispers and rude comments about her that were said around the district. Even here in the Victor's Village around the people Sylvia mentored for and helped bring home, I still get smiles of pity. But she doesn't deserve pity. In my mind, she's the bravest woman I've ever known and I will always defend her. I chuckle as I recall the many times I got into fights with boys twice my size, all over a tiny comment they made towards Grandma. My mother would always scold me for getting bruises but would eventually smile at me defending the woman who took care of both of us. It wasn't enough for people to make comments about Grandma. When I reached reaping age, the comments started to get directed towards me. 'If you were picked, you would probably go insane before you even got on the train.' 'Good thing there will always be a volunteer. If you got picked, your grandma would go off the rocker when you died in the games.' I close my eyes as I reach the house we live in, the words echoing in my head. They're a constant reminder of why I have to work so hard to prove not just my worth, but my Grandma's. If I could volunteer and win the games, maybe, just maybe, the whispers would stop. Those comments caused me to head immediately to the training school after my first reaping and beg the instructors to let me in despite being a year older than the starting age. And big surprise, they had refused me. But that didn't stop me because if I got one trait from my father, it's his stubbornness. So every day I would run laps around the school for an hour in the morning. I would spare against trees using branches as clubs and wrestle some of the boys my age as they would leave the academy. After a month of that, they finally took me in. And I had excelled in everything. At least, that was what everyone else thought. When I first started, I had to stay long hours after everyone else had left, needing the practice to catch up on the year I missed. And I was determined to be the best so I would be picked as District Two's volunteer when I was 18. I might not have reached that point if it wasn't for Bronn, the first tribute Grandma succeeded in bringing home. He won the games ten years after her and was a familiar face when I was growing up. I think he feels indebt to Grandma for saving his life and decided to help me train individually. And if not for that debt, then for the friendship they gained while spending years together mentoring and helping each other get through the pain of their games. With his help and many long hours at the training center over six years, I was at the top of my class and the trainers had chosen me to be District Two's female volunteer for the Fifth Quarter Quell. I knew this honor was hard earned and Damon, the male trainee chosen, worked just as hard as I did. I felt confident that between the two of us, District Two would claim the honor of a Quarter Quell victor. And I couldn't be more proud to have that honor. I might have even been okay with the thought of Damon winning over me, as long as I helped him get there. What better way to prove myself than by winning one of the biggest Hunger Games? But then, the terrible announcement came about the Quarter Quell and the goal I had worked so hard for every day for the past six years came crashing down. For the 125th Hunger Games, to show that the choices of the rebels to harm the citizens of the Capitol were absolute, no one will be allowed to volunteer in the place of another… No volunteers in my final year. Sure, there was always a small chance that I might get picked. But I hadn't been taking tesserae every year – almost no one in Two did – so my name was only in the bowl seven times. Seven times out of thousands of names. My dream of proving myself is completely crushed. I sigh as I open my eyes and return to real life, not wanting to acknowledge that all those years were wasted on not getting the chance to be a tribute. But a morning walk around the district square didn't make the Quarter Quell change so here I am, ready to accept my fate. I unlock the door and head inside, going straight towards the porch in the backyard where Grandma always loves to sit. Being outside seems to have benefits for her health and she seems to have the least amount of panic attacks here. As I approach, I make my footsteps louder – a lesson I quickly learned when I was younger and thought it would be funny to sneak up on her but she ended up punching me accidentally. When she turns and sees that it's me approaching, she starts grinning and holds out a hand to me. I start grinning as I grab her hand and crouch down in front of the chair. "Hi Grandma, how are you today?" I dare not mention that it's Reaping Day, not yet. No need to put her back in those terrible memories until it's time to go to the square. The whispers are always the worst on Reaping Day when she is forced to go on stage in front of everyone. "Oh, don't talk down to me like I'm a child," she immediately says about my tone of voice and I start chuckling at her sass. Today is clearly one of the good days when she recalls most memories. "I know that it's Reaping Day so of course I'm not well today. But better than some days." She starts frowning and takes a moment to look over my appearance. "What are you doing in those dirty pants and ripped shirt? Go put on that nice dress I picked out for you." I nod my head before standing up and giving her a kiss on the cheek. She squeezes my hand before letting go. As I walk in to the house, I turn to give her one last look and see her close her eyes, the pain of the memories written on her face. It's not fair that such a brave woman has to be faced with this. I feel a hand on my shoulder and flinch, ready to grab it thanks to my training but quickly realize that it's my mother. Turning away from my grandmother, I look at the woman who I acquired most of my traits from. Her blue eyes are calculating as she gives me a smile, light blonde hair framing her face. Those two characteristics we both received from Grandma and I couldn't be more proud. I always thought these two woman who raised me were beautiful when I was young and I was lucky to turn out like them. I hug my mom unexpectedly, suddenly feeling overwhelmed about today. This should have been my day of triumph but everything is all wrong. Mother holds on to me tightly, knowing how hard I worked for this. "Glacia, don't be upset about this. Is it really the worst thing ever that you can't volunteer? I know you trained the hardest out of everyone in your year and there is no doubt in my mind that you would have done well in the games. But there is always that chance you wouldn't win. Could you really do that to your grandmother?" I pull back in her embrace so I can look over my shoulder. Grandma is sitting there peacefully, enjoying the still rising sun and unaware of our conversation. She was the reason I wanted to volunteer but also my biggest reason for doubt. I wanted to believe that I could win the games but there is that chance I wouldn't live. And the thought of putting Grandma through that and possibly making her suffering even worse almost made me turn down the selection by the trainers. Maybe my mother is right and it isn't a bad thing that I can't volunteer this year. Mother steps back as I turn towards her and she offers a sad smile. I try to return the smile as I walk past her and towards the stairs, knowing that it's up to fate now if I will either be returning here or travelling to the Capitol in a couple hours. When I enter my room, I immediately notice the beautiful sapphire dress hanging from my closet door. This