Welcome to the 125th Hunger Games! Just a few things before the story begins. This occurs as if Katniss failed so no District 12. Also, this story is a partner story. While this tells the story of Lance from District Two, there is another story that follows his district partner Glacia. Be sure to check our that story as it will give a different perspective of the same games. And don't worry, the two stories are very different from each other. I will update the stories on the same day, that way once the games start you can choose which story to read first as there will be some spoilers about what might happen to the other character. I'll let you begin the story. As always, please review and let me know what you think, good or bad. Any comments are good comments. Let the Games begin! Chapter 1: "Lance, stop sitting around up there because we have to get going!" I sigh as I stare up at the ceiling, not wanting to move from my bed. I had been dreading this day for months now. But Reaping Day wouldn't stay away forever. Hearing the footsteps on the stairs, I roll over and stand up, smoothing out the wrinkles in my pants before Maylene can get here and scold me for it. If I didn't look nice, I would also be giving her a bad reputation. Maylene Henderson, winner of the 120th Hunger Games. And lucky me, I get to be her younger brother. Don't get me wrong, I love my sister more than anyone else, especially since she practically raised me. Mother died shortly after giving birth to me, something I'll always feel guilty about. Father, on the other hand, became an alcoholic when I was five and Maylene was ten. We were constantly facing abuse from him in his drunken rages and while I just put up with it, Maylene took matters into her own hands and began training for the Hunger Games. If she could win, then we would never have to depend on father for food and shelter again. Maylene managed to win, outsmarting the others and being more brutal than the others. Once she arrived back in Two, she took her new fortune and me, left father, and never looked back. I'll always be grateful to her that she got us out of that situation but I would never want to train like her and compete in the games. That didn't stop Maylene from making me train a little in our backyard. She tried to get me to be in the training center with her but that didn't last very long. So even though she knows there is no chance of me going to the games thanks to the career system, I think she just missed the constant training with someone. Sure, she helped at the training center but she doesn't have someone to spare with that will fight back with everything they have. The door creaks open and I look over to see my older sister. She leans against the door frame, arms crossed and still looking like she could win the games. Everyone had underestimated her at first thanks to her small stature. I now tower over her but I still would be scared to fight her in the games. She gives me a sad smile, knowing I don't want to go to the square. "I'm sorry to put you through this, Lance. But Brycen wouldn't have want you to be miserable about this. He knew what he was getting into when he volunteered. We all thought he had a good chance to win." I look away from her as the memories I had been avoiding all day start crashing through my mind. Brycen, my only friend from growing up, volunteered to participate in the games last year. I spent every free hour that I had glued to the television screen, worried that if I missed a few minutes, that would be the time he got injured or worse. And I had felt myself starting to really believe he would be the victor once he made it to the final four. But then my worst fears happened and after a long drawn out fight with the male tribute from Four, Brycen was defeated. I didn't want to believe it. The shock was so intense and it wasn't until the hovercraft appeared to take away his body that I reacted. Anything I could reach was thrown against the wall, lamps, vases; one of the side tables next to the couch I picked up and slammed against the wall. Anything to take out my anger. When Maylene tried to stop me, I was so furious I didn't even realize it was her and started throwing punches at her. And she put up with it, blocking most but allowing a few to hit her, knowing the pain I was going through. Once she finally grabbed on to my fists and stopped me from throwing punches, the overwhelming sadness kicked in. I spent hours that night, sobbing against her shoulder and she tried her best to comfort me. But how do you move on from watching your best and only friend be murdered, all for the Capitol's entertainment? Maylene places a hand on my shoulder, bringing me back to the present. When I see the sympathetic look on her face, I wipe the emotions from mine and quickly brush away the one tear trying to escape. "I'm fine," I whisper angrily as I walk out of the room, not wanting her pity. It's bad enough seeing the pity from the people my age who knew Brycen was my friend; I don't need it from my sister. She follows me out of the room and downstairs, thankfully not bringing Brycen up any more. I'm ready to head out the door to get this over with when she runs in front of me and blocks it. I cross my arms at her, waiting to see why she's holding us up. "Lance, I'm sorry for bringing him up. I don't want you to stay angry at me, especially since we don't know what's going to happen at the Reaping." Ah yes, the Reaping. Normally I wouldn't be feeling the looming fear that I have today. Any other year, someone would have been handpicked to volunteer and represent District Two. But this isn't just any other year. It's the Fifth Quarter Quell and the Capitol couldn't have a boring and typical set of tributes. For the 125th Hunger Games, to show that the choices of the rebels to harm the citizens of the Capitol were absolute, no one will be allowed to volunteer in the place of another… So here we are, facing the small possibility that I might actually have to go into the games and ruin the life Maylene had worked so hard to give us. The chances of my name getting picked are small, but so are the chances of anyone else getting picked. Barely anyone in Two has to take tesserae since the Capitol rewards our loyalty and supports the ten victors our district has. I don't want to believe that I'll be chosen. I don't want to have to fight my way home and kill people to survive. But I know it's a very slim chance and I want to be prepared for that chance. I make eye contact with Maylene and nod, letting her come over and wrap her arms around me. I hug her back, finally letting that fear sink in. "I don't want to be angry with you. I'm just scared that I might get picked." "I'm scared of that happening too," she says quietly and tightens her grip around me. "I worked so hard to win so you could be safe and in a second, that could get completely messed up." My sister steps back and tries to smile at me. "But whatever happens today, we'll get through it. The Henderson's are fighters and if you get picked, I know you will do everything you can to make it home." I don't doubt this as I nod at her before she turns around and we continue walking out the door. If I do get picked, I have to win and come home to my sister. She takes my hand as we silently walk through the Victor's Village. Maylene nods her head in greeting at Kat, the victor who helped her win her games. I should feel a little self-conscious about being seventeen and holding on to my older sister's hand but you know what, it's Reaping Day and I'm terrified of what might happen. Is this how the outer districts feel every year? Maylene releases my hand as we approach the village square, probably not wanting the rest of the district to see our feel. She still is a victor and needs to pretend that she's happy and supportive of the Reaping. As we approach the stage, she steps aside and pulls me in to a tight hug. I hold on to her just as tightly, the fear of today fully setting in. "Lance, not matter what happens today, know that I love you." "I love you too," I whisper back, begrudgingly letting go of her. She grabs my hand and squeezes it while trying to give me an encouraging smile but right now, she just looks sad. As she turns and starts walking up the stairs to take her place among the victors, I can't help but get a sinking feeling about today and that this might be one of the last times I see her. I try to ignore this feeling as I head towards the Peacekeepers signing people in. Of course I won't get picked today. My name is in there six times out of thousands of names. As I wait in line, I can see the fear on the faces of some of the younger kids, either the ones who don't want anything to do with training or the ones who aren't prepared yet to take on people years older than them. At least I'm not the only one afraid of this Reaping. I reach the front of the line and the man forcefully grabs my hand before pricking my finger. I cringe slightly at the discomfort as he presses it to the sign in book before being allowed to join the crowd. Close to the front are the other seventeen year olds and I join them, ignoring all of them. Not that any of them really want to talk to me, not after last year's games. As the people around me discuss how the two people who were picked to volunteer before the announcement must be feeling, my gaze goes towards the stage. Maylene has found me in the crowd and when she sees me looking at her, she smiles encouragingly. I try to feel her confidence but it's hard to when I'm facing the Reaping and she's sitting on stage as a victor. I look at the other victors around her, all familiar faces since I've been living among them for the past five years. Sitting next to my sister, Lysander starts talking to her, face still calm and collected like it was when he won the games ten years ago. He always stops by at our home or will invite us over. I think he still feels a little protective of Maylene since she was the first tribute he trained and successfully mentored. The others I didn't really care for except Roxanne since she didn't win her games by being a career. Yet she keeps more towards herself so I don't know very much about her. The mayor walks to the microphone and I can feel my heart start beating fast as the crowd quiets down. It finally sets in that the Reaping is really happening and for the first time in years, everyone has