Disclaimer- Unfortunately, I don't own any LotR characters... Trust me, if I did, I wouldn't be spending my time writing Fanfic's I'd be sunning myself somewhere with a nice few elvsies and men on my arm x3 Notes- This is my first Fanfic . Its a typical girl-falls-into-Middle-Earth type thingie o-0 She's most probably a Mary-Sue; like I said, I'm new to this x3 Be nice... And I'll give you all cookies...? -waves cookies around- Prologue - Of Blue Hair and Mascara She had had plans; as she looked back now in reflection, that was the funniest thing about it. She had had plans . Ideas, not just for that day, but for her future. She was going to finish college, then take a degree in Art and English and see how things went from there. She wanted to own her own stables, one day, and to have a normal, peaceful family. She wanted to live to a ripe old age whilst caring for her horses, and watch her children have their own children, and die peacefully in her sleep when she wanted to. And that day? Well, she was planning on meeting Alice and Terri in town a bit later, maybe meet Antonia and Sam in Subway, then go see a movie. And later she'd go catch up with Joe; he really was quite sweet, despite what her friends said about him. After all, she had sat him down and made him watch Titanic from beginning to end, and he hadn't complained- he had only objected with Kate Winslet's nude scene was over, which had caused Caisha to roll her eyes and drool over Leonardo DiCaprio, despite the fact she despised him, until he shut up about her... Yes, she was planning on maybe going to watch him play football, then go back to his to torture his little brother for a while. Yep, she had had it all planned out. What she -hadnt- planned on was the sensation of being squashed into a hole five sizes too small for her body, and the inability to breathe, see or hear anything. She felt like she was drowning in a rabbit hole, which was surprisingly close to the truth. She hadnt planned on suddenly finding herself feeling inconspicuously out of place whilst a group of very serious looking horseman poked her with spears, talking to her in a language she couldn't understand. She also hadn't planned on the vague suspicion that she was in a very elaborate 'Lord of the Ring's set-up her sister had derived. Oh no, she hadnt planned on it at all . And she most definately hadnt planned on having blue hair. So how did Caisha get here, at the start of her new adventure? Well, let me tell you... Lets go back to England... It was a stereotype in itself; wet and windy weather that was so unpredictable it could be raining one minute and boiling the next. It was a nightmare; not to mention it ruined the day's plans, resulting in hardly anyone doing anything. At least it was the summer, where the sun was more likely to make an apperance than not, and the rain was light and lasted for a few moments. Oh yes, and of course, there was no school. See, in the United Kingdom, people didn't have it so easy as American high schools; they had to wear uniforms at highschool, as opposed to their own clothes, which were only allowed to be worn in College and University, something which near enough every person held a grudge about, but at least over here the school system was all a lot more simple. Well, that is, they did Years, instead of Grades, and College came after Highschool, which came after Primary School, and the whole thing came before University. Yeah, because that's simple. Speaking of College, however, a sixteen year old College student was on the war path. Having woken this morning with bright, vivid blue hair and not-so-nice words written across her face, Caisha Sullivan knew that only two people were to blame; the Twin Demons of Hell, otherwise known as her younger brothers Ryan and Coal. Permanent marker proved not so permanent after a hefty scrub in the bathroom with Caisha's vengeance, but her hair refused to return to its normal brunette colouring even after several thorough washes, something that she was, understandably, pissed off about. That would be why she was currently cornering the twins in the living room, clutching the empty bottle of hair dye she'd found at the bottle of her bed and screaming blue murder about the whole thing; heheh...blue. "...stupid, incompetent, ignorant little brats!" she was yelling, looking positively terrifying; an angry teenager with blue hair is enough to make anybody pause. Coal was timidly trying to get a word in, whilst Ryan was edging slowly away from Caisha's wildly indicating arms; that was, until he was suddenly picked up and held about a foot from the floor- hell, andrenaline is an amazing thing. "And where do you think you're going? You're going to sort this out!" Ryan struggled helplessly in the iron-like grip, petrified of the raving banshee his elder sister had become, "But, Cay..." he squeaked out, "Look at it this way; at least it matches your eyes!" he attempted, trying to placate the girl. It failed. Miserably. The statement was correct; Caisha's eyes were indeed a bright blue, but it would take more than that to calm her now. She let the boy drop to the floor, where he quickly scrambled under the coffee table, quivering, leaving poor Coal to face their sisters anger. Coal was pressed into the wall, eyes trying to find a way out that wouldnt involve him getting decapitated with an empty bottle of hair dye, "It was Ryans idea!" He suddenly found himself in the same position his twin had been, suspended over the floor by Caisha's arms; subconsciously, he was surprised she had any strength at all. She'd never shown a hint of it before. His sisters face was inches from his own, and she was hissing vehmently, "I dont give a damn whose fault it is. How do I reverse it?" Coal muttered something, until Caisha shook him; then he repeated it, "You can't." The girl looked flabbergasted what a word xD and turned the bottle over; the small word 'permanent' mocked her eyes, and in the rage that followed even her dog ran for cover. She didn't yell this time; instead, her grip tightened on Coals top and caused him to wince as she spoke, very slowly and carefully. "You're going to pay for this." She dropped him to the floor, and stalked off, screaming out 'Mum!' as though her parent would be able to solve the whole situation for her. ------ Her mother hadn't been able to help, however, and Caisha was left looking forlornly in the mirror at her once-lovely hair. They'd tried to dye it back to her brown again, but the result was a load of empty dye bottles and hair that had turned a dark blue; a navy, or midnight colour. At least in some lights, it would pass for black, which she supposed was good news, though she'd rather just not have blue hair, if it was all the same to you. She actually felt like crying, something she never did; hell, this was her i hair /i . She'd tied it up wet into a high ponytail, glaring at the reflection; she looked the same as she always did... except that she had dark blue hair. A sharp face with high cheekbones, sharp, almost cold eyes and a small, neat nose. Her lips, normally averagely sized, had pressed themselves into an unamused, thin line, much like English teachers use when you've got a D- on your report and you're asking for extra time on your coursework, and remained so as she stalked out of the bathroom to get dressed, only dimly aware she'd been running around in her pyjamas for half the morning. As she was tugging on a favourite pair of faded jeans, complete with sewn-on patches sporting a few band names, she spotted her sister Illyra literally dancing past her room, singing away to something on her iPod. Throwing a pillow at the girl, Illyra spun around in shock and frowned, tugging her earphones out, Br "What the fuck have you done to your hair?" Caisha raised an eyebrow sceptically, "I wanted a change," she muttered sarcastically, and ducked as the pillow came sailing past her ear in response. It took a while, but Caisha finally recognised the music lilting from her sisters iPod, -hell, Illyra played the damn movies all day long- and she gaped, "Please, dear god, tell me you're not listening to the Lord of the Rings soundtrack." Illyra muttered something guiltily and stared at the ground as Caisha just sniggered. "You know, Ra, I swear you're that Doddo Buggins in disguise. You're about tall enough." Which was true; Caisha was about five foot eight, wheras her sister was five foot one. Illyra was forced to reply indignantly at this, for the sake of all LotR fans everywhere, currently shouting at their PC screens, and her own pride, Br "Uhm, I think you mean Frodo Baggins. And that was---" Caisha rolled her eyes disinterestedly, cutting her off "Yeah, her. But, seriously. Its embarrasing to have a fourteen year old sister obsessed with i fictional characters /i . And yes, I caught you snogging your Orlando Bloom poster the other night. Y'know, that one with him as the Lego-man or whatever." br "Legolas." muttered her sister again, flushing a bright, embarrased red and staring hard at the ground, the LotR movie soundtrack playing away in the background, coming through scratchilly from the earphones. Caisha pulled on a black t-shirt supporting the common yellow x-eyed face and word 'Nirvana' sprawled across it and carried on sniggering, even in her blissed ignorance, "Thats right, the elfy one. Pointy ears, etc. Look, they're good films-" she paused in recollection of the actors; hell, who cared about the story with Orlando Bloom, Viggo Mortensen and Sean Bean running around? "-But thats all they are." she continued, "Films. They're fictional. You're not supposed to stay up half the night fantasising about Aragorn. And I took a look at your computer history. Fanfiction ..." she snickered again in amusement, "Lego-man and that Gilly dwarfy person slash? I mean, c'mon sis... Thats just sick." Illyra turned a rather impressive colour that would have put beetroots to shame, but that didnt stop her, "Its a book as well... And its Gimli..." She looked up in time to see her sister say something else, and sped off before she could be embarrased or insulted more. Caisha watched her go, and pouted, upset that her fun for the day had abandoned her. "Gilly, Gimli. Same thing." she smirked; honestly, who could get -that- obsessed about a couple of characters written by a guy whos been dead for several years? -Somewhere far away, Tolkien rolled over in his grave- I mean, c'mon! They weren't even real... Illyra really should invest in some real friends, rather than people out of a stupid film... or book... Perhaps, in retrospect, she should have been paying closer attention to the world around her. She pulled on her black boots, but it was only as she was applying the usual layer of mascara to her eyelashes that she became aware of how cold her room had quickly gotten. Glancing up from the mirror, she noticed that the windows were shut, and nothing in her room gave any indication of moving in a chill breeze. Maybe it was because the door was open... Moving towards the wooden frame, she was shocked as it actually moved away from her. She took another step nearer to it, and, without actually moving, it took a step back from her. That was strange...