Chapter 1 . Deserts are a harsh environment, and the Mexican wasteland is no different. The sand burns hot in the day, sears cold in the night. It's either the bite of the sun or frost, there is no amiable in between, not for the humans anyway. Crouching low atop one of the more stable stone houses, Jasper Whitlock stares out across the dark stretch of a future battleground, the infinite galaxy of stars lighting the landscape. It won't be long until Maria has him march the latest batch of Newborns across this place, has him conqueror more territory in her name. It's been thirty years now, thirty years since he woke up with this parched throat, this unquenchable urge to tear through flesh for the sweet nectar beneath. Thirty years since he became this godless monster. Thirty long years, and nothing has changed. The towns evolve around him, slowly but surely the human continue to change. He remains forever stuck in this state, trapped in eternity, the constant loop of battle. It's only going to end with his violent dismemberment and swift burning. It's all the same thing, the same fate, and Jasper can only keep fighting to survive for as long as he can. The lifespan of his willpower is uncertain; how long until he falls to his nature, becomes the still stone, ossified? He is not irreplaceable, no matter what Maria believes. There would be another to fill his shoes; perhaps not as gifted, perhaps lacking the innate understanding, but there would be another. For now, something within him will just not permit surrender as a valid option. Every time he tries, when his limbs still and a Newborn approaches with snarling fangs and waves upon waves of bloodlust… he just cannot abnegate this half-life he has. Even with its lust for blood, untouched by the light of day, it is still the only life he has, so Jasper clings to it. On the eastern horizon the sky is pinking, the final call of night. The sun will drive him into hiding once again; Jasper steps back into the shade in preparation. It is only the soldier, the major in him that notes the discrepancy. There's a woman stood upon the dirt path, her clothing painfully out of place in the Mexican desert. The vampiric beauty he's long since grown used to these past thirty years drapes across her features; but her appearance is wrong. Not her features, but her clothing, her posture, her stance. An oddity. Blood splatters across sand, louder than the sun in the sky. A bold shade of blue, deeper than the midday sky, the dress flows down the body, so unlike the corset. So unlike the style Jasper sees so very often upon the women of Mexico. This woman is not local. This woman is a vampire. This woman does not sparkle in the sun; this woman is not physically here. Her emotions, though present, are numbed. As if Jasper senses them through a layering of film. A cloud shielding the sky. Undeniably present, but sheltered. Crimson eyes flick up to stare when Jasper purposefully scuffs his boot, his body tense and ready for action. She's clearly gifted, has to be to remain unnoticed by the steadily waking humans and she's unknown. Another looking for territory, for hunting grounds? But no, those eyes gaze upon him and there's a fleeting touch of recognition, a whisper of familiarity. Confusion, thick and rolling beneath the wind. Then she's gone, what must have been some form of projected image winking out of existence. . The mirage in the desert. . . Lucy Dosett is born August 16th 1864, to Mr and Mrs Dosett, a middle-class couple living in central London. Eventually one of eleven children, Lucy is the seventh oldest, not the first, not the middle, not the last. She is, however, one of the six to survive past childhood, infant mortality rate running rampant. She's an odd child, the nanny bemoans, refusing to drink anything but cool water, only after it's been boiled in a tin (not lead, it cannot be lead, the girl insists) pan. So many odd little quirks, and yet, she's the healthiest child the family had produced. Sometimes the nanny looked upon her and wondered. It isn't just her health though, Lucy Dosett proves to be smart, smarter than her entire family, though Mr Dosett insists otherwise. She picks up the Queen's English unnervingly quickly, proving just as affluent with mathematics upon its introduction. Lucy Dosett is born 1864, and it is unquestionable fact that she is a bright, if strange girl. She naps during the day, claiming fatigue. She refuses to dine upon anything cooked within a lead pan, citing poison. Barely out of her toddling years, a scarf wrapped tight around her face and wearing four pairs of gloves, Lucy tears down the brilliant green wallpaper of the family room. Perhaps it was no coincidence that Mr and Mrs Dosett had been discussing the 'arsenic scare' the doctors were advocating just a day prior. With the removal of the paper (and a harsh beating to little Lucy who bore the canning stoically), the family's health improved, though the nanny does not believe any other than herself even noticed. Regardless, the arsenic wallpaper never returns, Mrs Dosett claiming trends change and they should just wait for the next instead of pander to the now. Dismissed as a nanny when the Dosetts' final child turns five, little Lucy is just short of turning ten at this point, and as the nanny leaves, she never forgets that wicked gleam of intelligence to her eyes. It is unnatural, and the nanny never quite realise just how close to home she came with that feeling. . For known only to herself, Lucy Dosett is also born with a lifetime of memories stuffed inside her head. Memories from a lifetime more than a century in the future. Just like that, she doesn't fit it. What is commonly accepted as normal within her head is ostracised here, in the passé world she's found herself in. It's all wrong; the way people behave, the way they ignore or actively encourage things that would kill them, the whole time period is wrong. She doesn't belong here. This golden-brown hair isn't hers, these cornflower blue eyes do not belong in her skull, those freckles should not decorate her face. It should be a heart-shape, not an oval, the skin should be tan, not this sunless pale. But that is the fashion; the poor are tan for they work in the fields, toil away beneath the sun. Those with money are like snow; never leaving the shade and never melting away. Sometimes it does feel like Lucy will melt away, under these burning gazes that protest everything she does. She becomes ice, projections upon a surface, allowing them to see only what they wish, what they expect as they gaze upon her. Her core remains still though, unchanged. As her teenage years come she naps in the day because night becomes an escape. When the family sleeps, Lucy pulls on the britches stolen from her brother and flees from the window. Slowly, she becomes skilled in parkour. The rooftops of London become her escape, her freedom. Every so often someone will catch sight of her, but with her hair tightly braided to her skull, her boyish clothes, they assume she's a boy and a poor boy at that. If they don't believe themselves capable of catching her (and few bother to try when they see how she moves) then the graciously ignore her existence. So, despite the harsh rules, despite how she feels like a stranger in this body, Lucy adapts. . Then she learns the father of this body (he is not her father, for a father would never discipline a child like that man does) is searching for a husband, for a man to push her off onto. For despite her strangeness, she is healthy, the healthiest middle-class girl in their neighbourhood. Not surprising, given that she doesn't openly invite substances upon herself that could kill. That opens up her prospects, her father had said to her eldest brother. Lucy's elder sister, the one that survived childhood, is already married with two children. It is not a life Lucy wants for herself, shackled to another's whims. That night she runs faster, jumps higher, and cares a little less about how she'll land. It doesn't matter though, because by now it is engrained in her body to lessen the impact, to come up rolling. This continues for a fortnight as more and more men, some young some not so young, arrive for meetings in her father's study. . Her sixteenth night of nonstop fleeing, of escaping between dusk and dawn, is when she finds the way out, even if the cost is steep. . "I believed it was one of our kind at first. A stupid one, but one of us." Lucy stills upon the rooftop, the shingles shivering beneath her feet, still nailed in place but nowhere near as secure as they had once been. Cautiously, hands balled into fists despite a distinct lack of any kind of fighting experience, Lucy throws a glance over her shoulder, and her breath catches in her throat at the mere sight of him. Dark hair falls around his face in soft coils, the black of coals that spark with embers, darkness with only the slightest tinge of red. He is one of those sights that steals away the very breath of your lungs, not that Lucy has witnessed such a sight in this life. There are no natural wonders in London now, only pollution and industrialisation, grey and grey, smog and smoke. This is the first thing she has looked upon and thought 'beautiful'. Within the setting of 1882's London, he doesn't belong. Just like her. Perhaps she is broken, but looking upon those crimson eyes, meeting the gaze of the predator, she feels no fear. Why would she? Lucy has died once before and it is not as if she has anything significant to cling to in this life. That is not to say she wishes to die; she has just… not yet lived. Trapped in some terrible in between state. "Why do you fly across the rooftops, Oiselle?" Frowning, Lucy hunches her shoulders slightly, taking a step back towards the drop she'd been intending to take. Something within her stomach declares she will not be able to flee though, that she won't get away. Even if she runs, her fate would not change. Something will either happen today, or it won't. "I'm running, I guess. Though I always end up going back to that house; there's nowhere else to go in this place." Spreading her arms wide in a gesture towards the grey expanse of London, Lucy takes one more look at her unnatural company before she sits herself down upon the tiles of the roof. The chill of February, early February, is contained with the slate. It penetrates the thin material of her stole trousers with ease and it won't be long until the heat she's generated from her run leaves her defenceless before the winter elements. She huddles deeper into the jumper she wears, her attention fully upon the male as he sits beside her, one hand presented in her direction. "Rodrigue." "Lucy Dosett. What brings you to my little escape, Mr Rodrigue?" "As I said, I was under the impression you were… different. You are, just not the kind I was expecting." Sucking in her lower lip, Lucy stares at those red eyes again, memories from a previous life nagging at her. A demon? Werewolf? Vampire? Selkie? Does it even matter? What evidence was there to say this world is the same as the one she lived in? Just because she's in the past and so much aligns; that crimson gaze tears at that thought.