Arena Giant Medieval Castle -Starting out in the knight's courtyard -Guillotine traps around doors -Creepy portraits whose eyes follow the tributes -Basement has jail cells and a fully-equipped torture chamber -Secret passageways -Crocodile moat -Stuff in drawers -Food in kitchens Tribute forms and edits. Stuff I changed and comments is in bold. Full Name: Gaston LeGume, submitted by Gaston is my bae Dude, did you rip off Beauty and the Beast? Nickname, or name they go by if any: Bae, swagger, gaston the man and awsome ... Just Gaston. Gender: Male. Hes the malest male there is Age: (thanks to Jms2 for letting me know I forgot this) 18 District: 2 Backup District: 4 Reaped/Volunteered: Volunteered If Volunteered, why?: He got in a fight with adam over a girl and decided 2 volunteer so he could impress her. Plus hes the coolest dude in panem so why wouldnt he want to be in the games? Ok yeah you did. If volunteered, name of person volunteered for: adam got reaped and he was pissed that gaston volunteered. They get into a fight and gaston kills adam by farting on him Adam volunteered, and Gaston contested him. They fought on stage and Gaston beat Adam by farting on him. Appearance: long black hair tied back in a ponytail, blue eyes, muscular, tall and blue eyes. Very hot. Has a huge ass. Personality: Hes very manly if u havent got that yet. He was too cool to train at the academy and has a lot of fangirls. Hes a flirt and hits on any girl in da WOOOORLD. Hes smart and is awsome. Hes athletic and can win any fight. Loud and obnoxious, farts a lot. Likes&Dislikes: Hunting, flirting. Belle. Making an ass of himself. He dislikes not being able to poop and adam being a whiney bitch and reading. Catch Phrase: no one competes in the hunger games like gaston Hobbies: sports, flirting with girls, running and huntinh Relationship status: he doesnt want to be single but adam dates the one girl he loves...belle. He wants to marry her and would kill to date her (wjich he does by killing adam). Strengths: smart, strong, athletic, good singer and hunting Oh my god no. Ok I'll give you strong and athletic but that's it. Weaknesses: he has 1 weakness. He has chronic constipation and never taken a dump in his life. It makes him sad. Dumb and hated by everyone. History: he gets bullied by his family for his pooping problem and hates them. So he plans to kill them ojr dah. Family: momma legume, daddy legume, broski and maurice Friends: his bff is lefou. Hes dumb and has an ugly nose but gaston sticks by his side. But lefou poops in front of him which makes him mad Rich/Average/Poor?: average What are they doing pre-reaping morning: taking laxatives and sitting on toilet I didn't write this guy's POV but ok, sure that's what he was doing. Reaping outfit: (Details) red shirt, black pants and boots costumes: hes naked for the chariots Knight in armour. Interview outfit suggestions: suit What they do during the training days: ally w/careers and learn stuff What they show gamemakers: arrow and bow, climbing, running and dumbbels Training score: 11 Token in the games: a roll of toilet paper the games: idek what this means Open for alliances?: ya...careers Open for Romance?: no. Unlesss belle is in games. Weapon of choice: bow and arrow. But he also has very deadly farts Bloodbath, participated or ran away: hes in it and kills 5 people General Strategy for the games: stick w careers and sit on them at end of games and fart on them Preferred death: one day gaston gets a gift from his sponsor. He gets a plate of enchiladas, a plate of tacos and some fajitas. He eats it all and ends up pooping for the first time in his life. He cant stop pooping and died. Dude, I thought I was a troll but you put me to shame . Full Name: Andreea Moore, submitted by guest Nickname, or name they go by if any: gimme Moore ;) Gender: female Age: 15 District: 7 Backup District: 11 I used this one Reaped/Volunteered: reaped Appearance: light brown hair, brown eyes, pale skin, voluptuous build for her age. Average height Personality: slutty, manipulative Great, interesting. Likes&Dislikes: likes to manipulate and have guys wrapped around her finger. Hates school and when the attention isn't on her Catch Phrase: fuck me Hobbies: sleeping around, trying to break up relationships, seducing Loving this character. Relationship status: not in any actual relationships Strengths: seductive and manipulative Weaknesses: no skill whatsoever with battle, not very intelligent due to her lack of concentration in school and everywhere else History: grew up in a poor household so learnt to manipulate to get food and necessities Family: mother and daughter are very alike. Five siblings (mother kept getting knocked up) father left her family. Andreea is the eldest child. Dom (f) 12. Adam (m) 10. Sandy (f) 9. Lizzie (f) 5. Tuscan (2). Friends: no friends. Rich/Average/Poor?: poor What are they doing pre-reaping morning: making out with Beatrice Pennevict's boyfriend, Donovan shore. Andreea just snickers as Beatrice finds them and her boyfriend tries to make excuses. Reaping outfit: a dirty brown dress that is too small for her and therefore very short and revealing. Her boobs are too big for it. Black shiny shoes she was able to convince donnovon to steal for her so he could get favors costumes: slutty black tight clothing Interview outfit suggestions: tight red dress What they do during the training days: flirt with all the males and try to get them on her side What they show gamemakers: tries to flirt with them but resorts to parading around and tying regular nots as it is the only thing she can do Training score: either really low because she sucks or pretty good because her flirting worked the games: Open for alliances?: yes Open for Romance?: yes Weapon of choice: takes a dagger Bloodbath, participated or ran away: ran away General Strategy for the games: befriend the strongest guys and get them to do the dirty work Preferred death: stabbed Full Name: Niahm (Pronounced Neeve) Steavlen, submitted by Abbycoraby123 Nickname, or name they go by if any: NA Gender: Female Age: 17 District: 7! I used 6 Backup District: 5 Reaped/Volunteered: Reaped If Volunteered, why?: NA If volunteered, name of person volunteered for: NA Appearance: Red hair that ends at her shoulders. Big, Pale blue eyes. Pretty lips, that don't smile often. A few freckles that dance on her noes (please don't over exaggerate the freckles just because she is a red head.) Tall and slender. Oddly small feet. Personality: Sweet, shy, doesn't smile to much, and when she does smile it completes her whole look. She wouldn't kill anyone unless they are threatening her or her allies. Although she is shy, she likes to adventure off sometimes. Silly, obsessed with boys, dumb. Likes & Dislikes: Likes- Adventuring, Reading (mostly at night), and she LOVES her pet bunny (she calls her Cinnamon). Dislikes- Bullies, having to watch the games, being in the games, and will not stand for people taking advantage of her. Catch Phrase: I would like her to say this in the story-"You know, sometimes the quietest are the bravest. So, I guess that means you are as scared as a deer in hunting season" Might use this. Hobbies: She has taken up jogging, reading, and adventuring. Relationship status: She knows she will find "the one" someday, but she hasn't yet. Single as hell. Strengths: Hiding, running, hand-eye coordination, and climbing Weaknesses: Hand to hand combat, swimming, killing, and being bold. History: She was practically ignored by her family, so she would always take off into the woods for time alone. She liked to explore and once she almost got caught sneaking out after dark (which isn't allowed in ANY district.) She has one friend named Anya, but they don't really talk much. She has a pet bunny named Cinnamon that she keeps in her room. She had to give it to Anya when she was reaped. She told her where it was when she visited her at the reaping. Normal family life, brings Cinnamon with her. Family: Her mother who wished she had boys instead of girls. Her father who is never home, he is always in the lumber yard (7)/at the factories (5). Her younger sister Silvia who is 13 id pretty nice, but has more friends than Niamh can count, Normal family life. Friends: Anya, a quiet girl who keeps Niamh company. She has pale blonde hair and big brown puppy dog eyes. The voice of reason. Rich/Average/Poor?: Average What are they doing pre-reaping morning: She is walking through the woods with Anya. She goes on an adventure with Anya by taking a different route to the square for the Reaping. Reaping outfit: (Details) A pale green sleeveless dress that ends before the knees. She is wearing white heels that her mother wore at her wedding. Her hair is left down. costumes: 7-A tree (again). 5-A light bulb? Interview outfit suggestions: A tight pink dress with no straps. Ends at knees. What they do during the training days: Trains with crossbow (yaaaaassssss), makes some friends, leaves careers alone, and does the obstacle course a lot. What they show gamemakers: Crossbow skills and Obstacle course. Training score: 5 or 6 Token in the games: a ripped out page from her favorite book, Tom Sawyer. Tried to bring Cinnamon but was rejected by the review board. The games: She should hide in a secret passage way she found behind a painting. She does that thing where you put something in the handle on her side so o one can get in on the other with a flashlight. Open for alliances?: Sure, but only with one or two other people. Open for Romance?: Okay, why not Weapon of choice: Crossbow all the way Bloodbath, participated or ran away: Ran away from that mess. General Strategy for the games: Hide, don't kill unless necessary Preferred death: A spear was thrown at her from the back, but she (hopefully) made it to the final 8. name: Claire Mckenzie, submitted by the scout12 name she Goes By:mckenzie Gender:female age:15 Dude no, she's a Career. Let's make her 18. district:2 back up district:4 volounteered reason: younger sister lucy aged 12 was reaped she was meant to be a carer but hadn't started training so mckenzie volunteered She was chosen to volunteer this year. apperance: 5:9 blonde slight but strong sorta built blue eyes Macho chick personality: tomboyish dosnt give a dam but can be emotional likes and dislikes: likes food and dislikes caser flickerman catch phrase: well shit happens does anybody have any food Shit happens strength: amazing with a sword, can run and fight with speed but she's not a official carer also swims like a fish weakness: is afraid of heights and afraid of getting ditched family: mother died at a young age mysteriously so she and her sister were sponsored by a wealthy couple from the Capitol. friends: boy back home who is gay called jason average : pre reaping morning she was training with a sword and mailing a letter. reaping out fit: blue dress with white collar what they do training days: spear trains and gets into a fight with someone from district 9 know survival skills but does them and sword fights and nearly kills the instructor game makers: sword fights and throws knifes then she paints a picture of her mother knowing the capitol had something to do with it and the result is enormous score 11 token a ring with gold celtic lines open for alliances open for romance participated the bloodbath and survived weapons of choice : sword or knifes strateGy: her and her district partner kill all the other carers on 3rd night