Paragraph 1 Renessmes Journal Dear Diary, I am growing faster then I thought. Being half a vampire and half mortal makes me feel special. I am extraordinary. I am unique. I am memorable. My mom and dad think that I am growing to fast though. Lately the past few days I have grew an inch. I am now a teenager. I will never know what going to secondary school will be like. Since I have been growing more fast the kids at school will notice that one day I look different then the other. My mom told me secondary school is not as fun as I think. My mom and dad are home schooling me. I learn just as much as I would at school. They have been teaching me for a long time. Well since Edward has been going school for years. Lately I've been hanging around the pack. They are teaching me how to be a "wolf" so they put wolf ears on me as a joke. I can picture myself running as a wolf. Also Alice is teaching me all about fashion. Which her fashion is kind of different then mine. That's okay. I still love her to pieces. Rosalie has been teaching me how to do makeup. Which I think I look elegant without it. Jacob thinks so to. Jasper and Emmett are trying to teach me how to "fight" if I ever get into trouble. Id say I'm a professional. I almost kicked there butt! Carlisle and Esme are terrific grandparents. Since I am there second grandchild, and the youngest. They have spoiled me with gifts. I am very lucky and fortunate to have all the Cullens in my life. And for my mom and dad. They will always be there for me. They are my best friend. Any problems I have I can talk to them. Dad is a typical dad. Always watching out for me, and for mom…. She's another story. She's trying to teach me about women dilemmas. Like dating, peer pressure, and the birds and the bees. But she is the only one I can really really talk to. I've always been connected with my mom. Its not like I don't have anyone to hangout with. I have Collin Little sea. He's around my age. I have the pack. I am one of the guys when I'm with them. Its weird being in two families. But you cant choose who you fall in love with. Jacob and I are dating now. Jacob and I have been thinking about moving in with each other, but we are official. He waited till I was old enough. Jacob is an exceptional man. We have been making dream catchers together. I have about 100 in my room. He wants me to sleep well. No words can describe him. I'm just worried what will happen when he gets old. I don't even want to think about that. I've been keeping journal entrys everyday since I could write well for a while. I love to write. Writing is my passion now. I always write just before I go to bed. Sincerely, Renesmee xo It was the end of winter, and the beginning of spring. The snow and ice have already finished melting, but that didn't matter because I am cold. I am a cold one. A vampire. The trees are starting to look more lively again. The intensifying smell of the flowers blooming. I can start to imagine the leaves will be green again, and all the animals are coming out of hibernation. Which makes it easier for The Cullen's and I to hunt. Since my mother and I grew up in Phoenix it would be nice to feel the warm breeze more sooner then later. Also I feel afraid because I know The Cullen's and I can't roam Forks when the suns rays are beating out. I know in my mind that I'm not going to miss the immortal life. In conclusion let's just say I love any season of the year. As long as I can spend it with Edward and Rensemee. The love for my husband and daughter go beyond the universe. This is my life. My future. My choice and my decision, and I couldn't picture my life any better. When I think about if I chose Jacob as my partner instead of Edward, I can imagine how my life could be different. Different lifestyle, different tribes, different culture and different legends. All I know for a fact is that Jacob will always be one of my best friends, and a great companion for Renesemee. I miss Charlie. I miss my mom. Maybe the Cullens will let me see them one last time before we think of an excuse why I can't see them anymore. I haven't really talked to Edward about it. I looked at Alice and I knew in her vision that we were all going to be happy. That we were going to be a family Forever. That Jacob was going to be a part of our lives for a long time. Jacob was family and he imprinted on my daughter. Vampires and Wolves would be together as one. I still think what's going to happen when Jacob passes away. How Renesmee will feel. All I care about is that she is happy and content. Edward told me the same thing. Edward thinks that Jacob might be the best companion for Renesmee. If he was willing to fight for me in the beginning, and fight in that battle against the Voulturi then he is the best for her, and I approve and give Jacob my blessing. Renesmme, Edward and I decided to go hunt. We ran into the forest. Renesmee was getting pretty fast at running. She almost beat us. We needed to teach her how to hunt by herself. Even though she can eat human food, its always good to know how to hunt. It was a nice spring day. It had just rained the night before. The grass was still moist. Edward had a feeling there was a lot of baby animals running around. We couldn't kill the new babies. It was time for her to learn. We have been killing the animals for her so she has doesn't have to chase after them. "Okay Renesmmee are you ready to have your first hunt?", I asked. "No, I'm a little nervous actually." Renesmmee said very scared "Okay concentrate on the scent. What the animal looks like. What do you do if it tries to attack you", Edward said. Renessmee Edward and I were climbing up the tree to see better of where the best target was. Edward spotted Moose. It was 20 feet away. It was eating some plants with her baby. The moose was moving very slow. "Okay Bella and I will stay up in the tree. Now if there is any problems we will be right there with you.", Edward said. "You jump down, and you bite him right near the lungs. That is the best place to get him from experience and I have had plenty of experience. Make sure you listen and hear everything around you." Edward said. "You'll do fine my Renessmee.", Bella said encouragingly. "Okay I think I got it", Renesmme said. Renesmme flew off the tree top and got on top of the moose. Her feet planted on the ground. The baby ran away for its life. She ripped the moose to shreds. She did great for her first hunt. Edward and I watched her hunt. She didn't need our help. We knew she would do fine without us. She was even faster then me when I first started to hunt. It took Renesmme about ten seconds to get her first kill done. I was proud. "Haha way to go my dear! You did well That's my girl.", Edward said with amazement. We flew down of the tree and decided that we would have a little bit of lunch. It was 12:30PM anyways. Might as well. It tasted good. My thirst was settled. "Never get caught and never kill any babies.", I said. Paragraph 2 We ran back to the Cullens house. We could hear music being played. We have only been gone for one hour. So I guess Rosalie and Alice had a party planned for our victory against the Voulturi. Not like it was a physical battle, but a mental battle. A battle of love. A battle of integrity. The battle for family. "So who is ready to party!?", Rosalie yelled with cheer. "I am", Jasper chuckled. "Here's to the new born, and the groom, and Mrs. Cullen", Emmett announced. "What are we actually celebrating?", I asked. Alice cracked open the wine and started pouring glasses. I couldn't remember the last time I actually had a drink. I was never really a drinker. I never went to parties throughout high school. "Here is to new chapter in our lives.. two new additions to the Cullen family, I am proud to be Bella's sister-in-law.", Rosalie said. "And while we are having this party. I have something I want to say.", Jacob replied. We all stood there because we knew what he was going to say but we weren't for sure. Edward was staring at Jacob right into his eyes. He knew what was going on. His face looked like something huge was going to happen. Jacob looked like he was about to cry. "I was talking to Edward, and since he's old fashioned…. I asked for his blessing.", Jacob said slowly. "Blessing for what?", Alice said quickly. Jacob got down on one knee. He was smiling. He cleared his throat. Moved his tie back and forth. "Renesmee Carlie Cullen. It feels like I've met you before. In a past life in another time, its weird. I cant explain it. It feels like I already know everything about you. Even when you were a little girl, and now look at you. Your twenty-one. Your beautiful inside and out. I can tell how your feeling without even being in the same room. Its like I can talk to you without even speaking to you. You are my other half. You are my rock. I love you. For ever and always death do us part, and even after death. Our love goes beyond the furthest star. So Nessie. My best friend. Will you be wife. Will you be my mate. Will you marry me?", Jacob asked. "Yes! I am so thrilled. My emotions are on overload. Your words are so lovely and pleasing. My heart is beating right out of my chest I think its going to convulse.", Renesmee cried. Jacob slid the engagement ring on her left hand on her ring finer. The ring was from Jacobs mother Sarah Black when she died in the car accident. Billy gave the engagement ring to Jacob before the battle against the Voulturi. The ring was pure silver and shiny. That ring was intricate, delicate and divine. It was beautiful. It has a little paw printed on it also. "Nessie, this ring was my mothers, and I am so proud that Billy chose me to let you have it. This ring means a lot to me, and I wouldn't want anyone else to have it.", Jacob said. Renesmme cried with joy. The sun was shining through the window. All the Cullens were sparkling in the sunlight. Renesmee was sparkling more then the rest of the Cullens. Carlisle was holding Esmme and then looked at each other, they both kissed each other. After Jacob slid on the ring her finger. Jacob howled to let the Uley pack know about the engagement. After Jacob howled Edward sat right at the piano. I followed him to the piano. He sat down and played "Here comes the bride". "There you go Jacob. Here comes the bride. I just want everyone to know that Jacob and I have secretly have