Chapter 1: I Almost Get Killed by a Guitarist My name's Dawn Allegro, my mom, Grace, is Italian. But as for my dad, well, I've never met him. He found my mom, 'fell in love' with her, then ditched her pretty much as soon as he found out my mom was pregnant with me. My mom keeps telling me that that wasn't why he left, but that it was because he wasn't allowed to stay. No offense, but that's probably the stupidest thing I've ever heard. Anyway, this is the story of a not-so-normal girl. ... "Dawn! Wake up sweetie," my mom whispered, shaking my body. I flipped over and covered my head with my fluffy pillow and curled up. "Five more minutes," I mumbled. "No honey, I'm afraid not," my mom sighed, pulling my blanket off my body. I shrieked as the cold air encased me like a cocoon in my bed. I grappled my mom for my blanket, sitting up and tackling her. Our identically waist-length blonde hair was flying out behind us, swirling in the air. "Okay, Okay!" I squealed, releasing my mom as she rolled her blue eyes at me. That was the only different thing about us. My eyes were a soft chestnut/almond brown. "I'll see you downstairs at the breakfast table." My mom ruffled my hair before leaving my room and closing the door behind her. I shuffled out of bed, and walked over to my wardrobe. OK, so I wasn't much of a fashion diva, but I did care about how I looked. I put on black high-waisted shorts with lots of buttons on the front, a bright sunshine yellow crop top with short sleeves and yellow converse. ... "Hey," I greeted my mom, bounding down the stairs, and jumping off the last step and kissing my mom on the cheek. She was still in her PJ's but she had started cooking pancakes. "Hi honey, took you long enough," my mom scolded light-heartedly, flicking my hand away from a small pile of steaming pancakes that had just come off the stove. "Whatever, I'm going to be late," I sighed, going into the cream and yellow colored living room and grabbing my bag. I hastily stuffed my folders into my bag, slung the straps over my shoulders and went back in the kitchen to see my mom holding a small box filled with pancakes. "Here, for on the go, since you have to catch a bus." My mom smiled weakly and I couldn't help but feel that there was something wrong, but I had to leave. I gave her a brief hug, and made my way. And as I walked to the bus stop, I still couldn't help but worry about why she had seemed so weary and apprehensive. ... "Dawn!" Kyle yelled, limping over to me. I smiled gratefully and hugged him after doing our secret handshake. Kyle had curly soft brown hair that was constantly covered by a baseball cap, he limped because he had some weird leg muscle disorder and had to walk with crutches everywhere he went. But don't let that fool you. He's as strong as a sumo wrestler. One time, after an extra long summer where we didn't manage to see each other the whole time, he had greeted me with a bone crushing hug and even dropped his crutches. I suppose this was suspicious, but I tried not to let it bother me. "Did we miss the bus?" I asked, taking out a pancake, splitting it in two and giving one half to Kyle. Kyle took the pancake but shook his head. "Nah, we've got two minutes." I nodded. "Hey, Kyle...you know, about the school trip." Kyle visibly tensed, and I wasn't sure why. "Yeah, of course. Why?" "Well, I don't know if I really want to go," I mumbled. "And don't worry, it's not because of you! I just, I always make something bad happen." "It's okay," Kyle said, squeezing my shoulder. "Really. I understand." "You do?" "100 percent. But, the bus is here, so let's get moving." Kyle dusted some stray crumbs off his pants, helped me up and together we got on the bus. ... "Ms Allegro, can you please pay attention!" my history teacher, Mr Turner, snapped. I jumped. "I'm sorry, sir." Really? Was he seriously pulling that card again with me? He knew I was ADHD and dyslexic, yet he often treated me as though I was just some normal kid, without any problems and nothing to worry about. "Stay behind after class, please," he grumbled, turning back to the board as I heard quiet snickers from the back of the room. "She's like, so, stupid!" a voice whispered behind me. I sank lower into my seat. This day couldn't get any worse. "Could Dawn Allegro please report to the principal's office at once, I repeat, Dawn Allegro, principal's office." I panicked. I couldn't be in trouble again, I'd only just got to school and had the first ten minutes of my first lesson. Some more snickers followed me as I picked up my books and bag, received a sympathetic look from Kyle, and walked out the room, slamming the door behind me. ... "Ms Allegro," the principal, Mrs Milano, said softly, shaking her head. "Before you say anything, you are most definitely not in trouble. In fact, quite the contrary." "Um...okay?" I said uncertainly. "Please, sit." Mrs Milano pointed to a horrible plastic snot green chair. I nodded obediently and dropped into the chair, looking up at my principal. She had soft features, a bit like a fairy, flowing golden hair and intense green eyes. She sighed, rubbing her eyes. "Do you know anything about mythology?" Mrs Milano asked. "Not really," I replied hesitantly. I wasn't sure where this was going. I mean, my principal was talking to me about mythology? Yep, there was something wrong with her. "How about the Greeks, and what they believed in?" she queried, leaning forward on her chair. "Again, not really." I seriously thought she was going to fall off her chair. "Understandable, understandable," she murmured, tapping her bottom lip with her pen. "But surely you must've heard of Zeus, Athena, Poseidon etc?" "Yeah, those names ring a bell." I nodded slowly. "Ah, good," Mrs Milano sighed, smiling slightly, "well, those gods and goddesses are very much still alive. In fact, they are here, right now in America. Sometimes, they come down and have children with mortals. These children are called demigods, or more commonly, half-bloods." "Okay," I said, since it was the only thing I could think of. Mrs Milano opened her mouth, about to say something, when she suddenly must've changed her mind, because she closed her mouth and shook her head. The bell rang. "Meet me here at lunch" was all she said before shoving me out the door. ... I had music next, and luckily (not!) we had to work in groups. My group consisted of me, Kyle, some rich snobby girl who never really showed up, and a dark mysterious guy who I didn't even know went to my school. "Now, get on with it," Ms Love, our teacher, barked. We got into our groups, and were assigned mini practice rooms to work in. Of course, the rich snobby girl wasn't there, and Kyle had to leave halfway through for a doctor appointment about his legs. "Who's on guitar?" I asked, picking up an acoustic guitar and holding it out. "Nah ah!" Kyle blurted. "Remember third grade? I had to play the xylophone, and even that didn't work out." "I'll do it," mysterious guy said, snatching the guitar and strumming a few chords. I could tell he all ready knew how to play. "I'll sing," I offered. Mysterious guy snickered and raised his eyebrows at me. "And I'll play the reed pipes," Kyle suggested. "Reed pipes?" I laughed. "Kyle, are you serious?" "Fine, recorder it is," he huffed. ... Halfway through, Kyle picked up his stuff, gave in the lame recorder and left me and mysterious guy alone in the room. I hadn't sung yet, because Kyle would always stare at me when I sang around him, and it really put me off. "So, Ms Musical," mysterious guy whispered, leaning back on his chair, "sing." "Okay, fine," I said stubbornly. I coughed lightly then started humming the instrumental intro. "I walked across, an empty land. I knew the pathway like the back of my hand." Mystery guy smirked. "Nice voice." "Thanks," I muttered, "whatever your name is." "Mike, my name's Mike," mystery guy Mike said, flexing his arms. "Tell me, do you know about the gods and goddesses from the Greek times?" I gasped. "You too? Why is everybody asking me that?" "Everybody?" Mike echoed, shooting from his chair. "Well, only you and Mrs Milano," I explained. Mike's face darkened. He stood up, and as he did, he seemed to grow. I watched in fascination, and mostly fear, as he stood at a towering three meters, and that was with his head bent so as not to bump his head. He had long, muscled arms that held a flaming bronze sphere. "Well, seems she figured it out," he growled, his voice shaking the floor. Guitars fell, piano keys broke. "Figured what out?" I demanded, doing my best to seem not afraid. It didn't work. Mike laughed deeply. "Surely you know, demigod? She figured you out, just as I did. But, I got to you first. And you will pay!" I was stunned. First of all, it seemed like he was going to kill me, second, he called me a demigod. What the hell was going on? ... "Mike! Stop!" I screamed as a fifth bronze sphere was thrown at my head, burning off the very tips of my hair. "No, demigod! I'm afraid not!" Mike boomed, picking up a sphere and chucking at where I had been only seconds before. Alarms were blaring outside at the sense of smoke. Screams echoed against the walls, and I could see fellow students rushing about, Ms Love barking unheard orders. I lunged for the door and yanked on the handle. No luck. Mike seemed to be a step ahead of me. The door had been jammed, somehow, and I was trapped, destined to be killed by a mysterious guitarist called Mike. Brilliant. And to think people actually looked forward to Friday. "Stand back, Uphias!" I heard behind me. I turned round to see Mrs Milano, wearing battle armor and holding a bow and arrow, the string pulled taught as she directed the point of the arrow at Mike's heart. Or was he Uphias? "Rose! Curse you, curse you!" Mike, I mean, Uphias yelled, as the arrow was released, and Uphias burst into a column of flame. Then he was gone, a pile of ashes left in his place. I looked over to where Mrs Milano was, but found I couldn't see her. Because she wasn't there. I looked back at the pile of ashes, my head swooning. And then I fainted. ... I woke briefly for a few seconds to the sound of whispering, hushed urgent voices discussing an escape plan and route. I was lying on a soft linen bed, the sheets hugging my body, feather pillows supporting my aching head and neck. I was in a strange room, I wasn't sure where. "We can't let her go, not now, she needs to rest," the first voice said. "It's not safe, you saw what happened with Uphias," another voice hissed back. I almost recognized it, and was about to sit upright and interject, when sleep pulled me under, and I welcomed the peaceful darkness once again. I woke again, some time later, to see Mrs Milano leaning over me, spooning a warm, soft liquid into my mouth. It tasted like my mom's homemade piña colada drink (with no alcohol, obviously). I smiled slightly, and heard chuckling. "She's awake," Mrs Milano chirped, placing