A/N: This is "A Blessing In Disguise" from Peeta's point of view. It'll have some of the same situations as the original story but also some other side stories. I wanted to explore Peeta's other relationships and what he does when he's not with Katniss. It's not necessary to read "A Blessing In Disguise" before reading this story but it's a lot further along so you might want to check it out first. However, it shouldn't take long for this story to catch up to the other since it'll be based off the original. Hope you enjoy! And as always please review and let me know what you would like to see. Summary: A Blessing In Disguise from Peeta's POV. Modern day AU/Slightly OOC. Katniss and Peeta have been best friends for the past seven years. They both have difficulty with relatinships. One night after a particular break up and with the help of tequila the friends find themselves crossing a line. The next morning they agree to pretend it never happened but that becomes impossible once Katniss finds out she's pregnant. Where does that leave them? Rated M for language and lemons. Disclaimer: All of the characters belong to the wonderful Ms. Collins although the ideas are all mine. Chapter One Glimmer is in full out bitch mode tonight although I'm really not surprised. In the few months I've known her, I've learned she is always in full out bitch mode. She has been extremely rude to our waitress by talking down to her and rolling her eyes when the woman couldn't tell her how many calories were in the chicken Caesar salad. To be honest, I wanted to break up with her after the first couple of dates but then it was Thanksgiving followed by Christmas and New Years. It seemed insincere to dump someone around the holidays. "Oh, Peety, did I tell you about running into that whore from my sorority last week?" She asks as I lead her towards my car in the parking lot after dinner. I shake my head holding back my tongue at her pet name for me. The first time she called me Peety I corrected her by telling her I preferred Peeta however she started to use the 'term of endearment' more often than not after that conversation. It's almost as if she does it on purpose to piss me off. "Well, she used to think she had all the boys after her back in college but now she's divorced, unemployed and fat." Glimmer is actually pleased by her former roommate's misfortune. She's the type of girl that finds happiness in other people's miseries. Glimmer doesn't even work for a living relying on her inheritance to pay the bills. I think she plans to marry a rich man to take care of her for the rest of her life. She's probably only dating me because I own a bakery or well, manage one of my parent's bakeries. It's not like I'm made of money or anything. Maybe I should tell her that? I have had about enough of her. If I wait too much longer to call it quits then I will be the asshole who broke up with his girlfriend on Valentine's Day. It's now or never. It's still early in the evening, normally we would go out for drinks or a movie after dinner but instead I drive in the direction of her condo. She doesn't ask me why I'm taking her home probably because she expects me to come inside with her for the night. When I pull into her driveway, I don't even bother to take my keys out of the ignition. She opens her door before she realizes I'm not moving. Turning her attention back to me she asks what's wrong. "Glimmer, this isn't working." The look in her eyes is more like anger than hurt. "What do you mean this isn't working?" Yep, she's definitely pissed. "This, you and me." I gesture between the two of us refusing to make eye contact. It doesn't matter how many times I break up with someone, it doesn't get any easier. "Fuck you, Peeta." Glimmer flips her long blonde hair over her shoulder as she gets out of my car in the most graceful way possible wearing the tightest, shortest dress I have ever seen. Her right hand is on the door, her left on the hood of the car as she peers inside. "You just lost the best thing you've ever had." I highly doubt that but I cringe when she slams the passenger side door. Seriously, don't take it out on the car. Well, it could have gone a lot worse. I'd be lying if I said I was saddened over the end of another failed relationship. The only reason why I date at all is to distract myself from the one girl I want more than anything in the entire world, my best friend, Katniss Everdeen. She dated her best friend in high school and when they broke up it completely destroyed her. He didn't deserve her. I wish she would realize I'm not him; I would never cause her pain. Instead she dates every douche bag she can find in a two mile radius because it doesn't hurt when there are no feelings involved. Without even thinking I wander into a liquor store buying a bottle of tequila and heading over to Katniss' apartment. I hope she's home. Smoothing my unruly hair with my hand I nervously knock on the door. Katniss answers wearing sweats with her long, brown hair in her signature braid. She is naturally beautiful. She doesn't need make up or fancy clothes to take my breath away. "Peeta?" She asks surprised while I try to find words getting lost in her stormy gray eyes. "Were you expecting someone else?" I brush past her not waiting for her reply as I make myself at home in her kitchen. "What are you doing here? I thought you were going out with Glitter or something?" There is no doubt in my mind Katniss knows Glimmer's name especially after the Christmas fiasco. Our small group of friends does a white elephant exchange every year and for whatever dumb reason I brought Glimmer with me this past Christmas. The limit is only five dollars because it's supposed to be for the fun of it. We all end up buying the dumbest gifts we can find and laughing our asses off at the ridiculousness. Of course my girlfriend hated the idea making sure everyone knew how displeased she was with every single gift. It was actually pretty hilarious when Katniss told her to fuck off although Glimmer definitely did not think so. "It's Glimmer." I make myself comfortable on her couch as I pour us two shots of tequila. "And we broke up." It's obvious my smile conveys how happy I am at this news. "Was it the name? I wouldn't be able to get over the name." She says before taking the drink I offer her. We easily banter back and forth about my most recent break up and my taste and music before our conversation takes an interesting turn. "Do you really want to know the details of my bedroom escapades?" I ask her after several more rounds of tequila. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours." She answers and suddenly I'm reminded of all the fantasies and wet dreams I've had starring the one and only Katniss Everdeen. I think she's just as surprised as I am by her comment because she blushes profusely before looking away from my intense glare. I quickly shake my perverted thoughts from my mind and pour us another drink. "No way!" Katniss chuckles uncontrollably later in the evening. "There is no way she said that." "Scouts honor. It was the grossest thing a woman has ever said to me and I've heard a lot of dirty talk." "Number one," She says as she holds up a finger while taking a drink from the bottle with her other hand. We ditched the shot glasses sometime between shots ten and eleven. "You were never a Boy Scout and number two, did you do it?" My eyes widen in complete and utter shock. "Oh my God, no! I think I faked a stomach ache and ran out the door in a hurry. Actually there might be a Peeta shaped hole in her wall. " We both burst out into a fit of laughter. Katniss and I have been reliving horror stories from our past failed relationships. She even admitted to me she hasn't had sex since her last sleaze bag boyfriend, Cato. God, I would take her right here, right now if she'd let me. When our laughter subsides, Katniss lays her head in my lap. I undo her braid before slowly combing my fingers through her soft waves. This isn't the first time we've comforted each other like this and I'm sure it won't be the last. "Why do you think we have such rotten luck when it comes to the opposite sex?" Of course I know my answer but I'm dying to know what she thinks. None of my relationships work because I am undeniably and irrevocably in love with her. I know she would feel the same way if she let herself. "Just lucky I guess." She doesn't sound the least bit sarcastic. It's almost as if she really does believe it's a good thing we're both still single. Her response gives me hope and makes me bold or maybe that's the tequila. My fingers leave her hair to glide around the edge of her ear and down to her jaw. I gently pull on her chin so that she has no other option but to look me in the eyes. "Katniss..." I quietly plead. "Peeta..." She meets me in the middle sparking a fiery kiss like none of the others we've shared in the past. She surprises me by sucking on my bottom lip giving me the courage to slide my tongue into her mouth. Suddenly she's straddling me and I'm trailing kisses down her chin, neck and collarbone. I can't believe this is actually happening, she is actually enjoying herself. She's running her hands through my messy hair and grinding her hips against my growing erection. Katniss is actually begging me for more suggesting we take this to her bedroom. This is the furthest we've ever gone. My hands find her ass lifting us off the couch and walking us towards her room. We discard are shirts somewhere in the hallway between kisses. All of my fantasies are finally coming true. I just hope it's not the tequila talking for her. She unbuttons my jeans while I lavish the top of her breasts peeking out from her sexy blue bra. My kisses trail down her stomach stopping where her sweat pants start when I look to her for permission to continue. She nods and that's all I need. I stand up as I slide her pants off letting mine drop to the floor in the process. I have seen her in a bathing suit before but this is different. She is beyond beautiful and I tell her so. Katniss, never the one to take compliments, tells me to drop my pants in response. I take off my boxer briefs exposing myself to her completely for the first time. It's obvious she approves when she licks her lips and beckons me to her. I add her underwear to the pile of clothes on the floor before I crawl back into the bed next to her. I devour one of her breasts while flicking and pulling on her hardened nipple with my thumb and forefinger. She's clearly enjoying my attentions but lets me know she needs me in other places. I slide my hand down her body to her tight pussy where I circle her