Midnight blue. The colour of the sky. No clouds, no moon, no stars, only a blue dome of nothingness with a flickering, shimmering square far away in the distance. A forcefield. The trees show up as dark shapes against a dark background. Their branches reaching, snatching at me, creepers trailing down like nets. The ground is covered in a thin layer of white powder. I think it might be ash but I can't tell. There are shapes on the ground covered by the ash. They must be rocks but somehow they seem a little too smooth and even. I don't want to go and look at them. In the distance I can hear wolves howling and clamouring at an invisible moon. I clamber to my feet, trying not to touch any of the shapes hidden beneath the ash, and look around. I don't recognise my surroundings but I instinctively know where I am. I am in the arena. The sounds of the wolves are getting closer and now I can hear them calling to each other as they hunt for their prey. For me. I turn and run as fast as my legs will carry me, kicking up clouds of ash that clog my mouth and nose and sting my eyes, making tears stream down my face. I can't breathe properly, my chest is beginning to ache. As I run I can feel the layer of ash getting thicker. What started out as a thin dusting is now up to my knees. I can barely move and I keep tripping over things I can't see or slipping on strange, smooth objects beneath my feet. The white and grey powder seems to be holding me back and slowing all my movements. Behind me I can hear the wolves thundering along. They must be almost right behind me now. I make a huge effort and fling myself forwards but my toes snag on something and I fall and am buried under a blanket of white. All around me I can see bones looming up out of the ash. Skeletons, grinning sculls with the faces of people I recognise, pieces of charred and jagged bone. I try to scream but my mouth just fills with ash and I choke. The ground beneath me is vibrating with the pounding of huge paws and I close my eyes hoping the wolves will pass me by but the ash is thinning and vanishing and I am left lying on the ground in plain view. I look up and see them. There are seven of them. They are not normal wolves, they are wolf mutts and at once I recognise one of them. It has emerald green eyes, silky blonde fur and a jewelled collar. I can't read the number 1 from here, but I know who this mutt is. It's Glimmer. Behind it is a tall, skinny brown one and a dark one with dark eyes. Marvel and Clove. At the back I can see two running close together, a male and a female. The female looks a lot like Glimmer's mutt, the male has short caramel fur. Both are tall and beautiful. They must be Cashmere and Gloss. The other two I can only assume are Brutus and Enobaria. For a brief second I am confused. Something doesn't seem quite right about all these mutts being here together but I don't have time to wonder about it, they are nearly on top of me. I leap to my feet and am about to run away when I see him. Cato is riding one of the wolf mutts, brandishing his sword above his head. The weapon is slick with blood which is running down the blade and Cato's arm and dripping into his hair. His face is twisted into a demonic grin as he urges the mutts on. I can see his lips forming the words: "Run her down! Tear her to pieces!" I turn and run. My feet are pounding against the jungle floor, my heart is racing, my breath is coming in painful gasps. Behind me I can hear the wolf mutts. They are so close now I can hear them snapping their jaws at me and Cato's voice shouting: "Get her!" Ahead of me a huge tree suddenly towers up out of nowhere, so suddenly that I don't have time to stop and run straight into it. There is a branch just low enough for me to reach and I jump and grab hold of it. The tough, rubbery bark hurts my hands but I grit my teeth and pull myself up into the tree. Just in time. The Glimmer mutt's teeth snap shut around the branch I was just holding on to and rip it to pieces. A second slower and it would have been my leg. The mutts are milling around the bottom of the tree howling and snarling up at me so I keep climbing until they are tiny dots on the ground below me and the branches are no thicker than twigs. I feel sick and shaky so I let myself drop onto the nearest branch that looks stable enough to take my weight. My heart is still pounding and my palms are clammy with sweat but at least I am safe up here. Suddenly I hear Cato's voice magnified and echoing all around me: "We're coming to get you, Girl on Fire." I look down and see that the mutts have gone. Instead, tiny little figures are beginning to swarm up the tree. My throat closes up with fear and I hide my face, hoping they can't reach me up here. The branches are certainly too thin to support Cato, Gloss or Brutus' weight but I'm not sure about some of the girls. Right at the front of the group I see Glimmer. Her face is horribly deformed and swollen with tracker jacker stings and green pus is oozing down it and dripping off her chin. Her mouth is open in a drawn-out scream, her hands clawing at me. I begin to struggle but I find that I can't move. A belt is strapping me tightly to my branch. The more I move, the tighter it gets. I can't get any higher and the careers are advancing on me. There is no way to escape. My heart is hammering in my mouth. And this time there is no Rue to save me , I think in desperation. As if I had somehow conjured her by thinking about her, I see Rue hovering a few metres away from me. Her arms are slightly extended and she really seems to be flying. She gives me a smile and gently taps a large gold watch that is hanging by a chain from her pocket. It is nearly twelve o'clock. Midnight! The lightning! A new fear grips me and I almost forget about the careers. If I can't get out of this tree I will burn to death or be electrocuted. Or both. I begin to tear at the belt with my teeth and finger nails. Behind my eyelids I can see a countdown, like the one I have seen so many times at the beginning of the games. 60... 59... 58... 57... A corner of the belt is starting to come loose. I can feel the leather splitting at the seams. 43... 42... 41... The seams split and I tear the leather away from my legs, desperately trying to untangle it from round the branch. 38... 37... 36... It finally comes free and I drop it. The broken belt spins downwards past the advancing careers seeming to take ages as it falls. 30... 29... I take a deep breath. There is no time to climb down, I am going to have to jump. 25... 24... 23... 22... Glimmer has almost reached me. Her perfectly manicured fingers are reaching for me, her hands swollen beyond recognition. I can see the pus leaking from the wounds. 10... 9... I take another breath and push myself away from the tree. The world seems to stop and I feel like I am floating like a feather, gently soaring towards the ground. Behind me there is a blinding flash of light and I hear the careers' screams as they are flung away from the tree by the lightning. Their crumpled, burned bodies hit the ground in a pile just before I land. I notice Enobaria staring unseeingly up at me, her eyes wide with shock in her charred face. None of them have survived. Disgusted and slightly relieved, I turn away and run off into the forest. There was nothing I could have done for them. It's part of the Games. Some of us have to die. They would have killed me if they had got the chance. Anyway, the gamemakers killed them, not me. Best not to think about them. I sprint out of the jungle onto the beach. The sand is warm under my feet and the sun is glittering on the water. I have to throw up my hands to cover my eyes and am momentarily blinded by the light. Again, I get the feeling that something isn't quite right but I can't quite figure out what it is. When I can eventually open my eyes I see Annie standing in front of me up to her knees in the water. She is wearing her wedding dress and smiling, no, beaming delightedly. Her eyes are staring vacantly into the distance and I don't think she can see me. I hurry over to her but as I approach a roar comes out of the jungle somewhere to my right. Immediately Annie's expression changes. Her eyes screw shut and she clamps her hands over her ears, mouth open in a silent scream. I watch in shock as she begins to turn, faster and faster, her wedding dress streaming out around her, still screaming silently. Flames begin to engulf her and I look around frantically for something to extinguish them but before I get a chance to do anything the flames have spiralled up into the sky and vanished. Where Annie was standing there is nothing left except a shred of burnt material and a huge fish that disappears into the depths of the water with a flick of it's tail. By this point I suddenly realise that I am so hungry I could happily eat the fish but it's too late, it's gone and I am left knee-deep in water clutching a burnt scrap of silk. Something about this really unsettles me and I hurry to the shore and sit down, head in my hands. What on earth am I going to tell Finnick? How his wife turned into a fish in a pillar of fire and I was actually considering catching and eating her? I lie down on the sand and close my eyes, tears leaking from beneath my eyelids. I am not even sure why I'm crying. Maybe it's the hunger. When I open my eyes again the sky is flaming red. It must be sunset but I am sure I didn't close my eyes for more than a few seconds. That can't be right. I sit up and brush sand out of my hair. How can I have lost track of that much time? All thoughts of time are suddenly driven from my head. Next to me is a silver parachute. Haymitch! I snatch at it with greedy fingers and tear the parachute off the little parcel. It's not very big but I am sure he has sent me some food. My fingers are trembling as I open it. Stay alive -H , the note says. It must be food! I pull out a small bundle and open it. Inside are berries, berries I know very well. Nightlock. Disgusted I throw the bundle away. I have never hated anyone quite as much as I hate Haymitch right now. A noise comes from