a/n: written for yew as part of the c/p back-to-school fic exchange! (also, thanks to rache for being lenient and allowing me to exceed the 5,000 words c;) inspired by neil gaiman's /american gods/ prompts : skylights; ferris wheel; and so, i raise my glass to symmetry ; shatter this glass heart ; centurion; fever {|\through these labyrinthine forests of empty lungs and broken hearts/|} . and if you're still breathing you're the lucky ones -daughter / youth act 000 It is in a coffee shop that she sees him. The boy with oceans in his eyes. He is wearing a Burberry coat (black), jeans (blue), and Doc Marten boots (red and scratched and mudstained), his hands in his pockets, a tattered paperback tucked in the crook of his right arm. (upon closer inspection, she finds that it is "The Old Man and The Sea" by Hemingway) Copper curls, a blend of autumn reds, oranges, and yellows, burnished, fall across his skull and curve like vines around the shells of his ears, over his creased brow, brushing his jawline in a messy sprawl of metallic hues. Like the stance of a centurion, his posture is straight, rigid, but his atoms vibrate frantically as he sweeps his cerulean gaze over the heads of the patrons, examines the flow of biscotti and frappuccinos with mild interest, and then reverts to their sullen calm, his mouth slightly parted, tongue running over bleached-white teeth. Languidly, he accepts a latte from the harried-looking barista and departs, the door swinging behind him as he exits, and soon enough that copper cap begins to fade from her vision. She barely pauses to take a sip from her cup, idly pouring endless waterfalls of cream into the black mixture that bleeds and forms shapes of their own accord (leaves, kittens, crescent moons and stars), placing a rumpled bookmark into Gaiman's Sandman : Vol. 1 before shrugging on a bright pink (or carmine, or emerald, or butter-yellow, depending on how you perceive colors) raincoat and pushing back her chair to follow after him. The legs screech, the din draws to a standstill. The barista is frozen, her face suffused with a red blush as she greets a handsome dark-haired gentleman with a five o'clock shadow, a geyser of decaf suspended in mid-air. It lasts only for a second (an eternity) before the natural progression of time resumes its marching pace and the barista scuttles away and a child spills a bottle of milk and a businessman munches on a scone, getting crumbs all over his suit, and curses. Her disruption is brief, is insignificant. But it is enough. It is raining, a New York Monday in the spring; March, to be precise, that flux-flow when the North seems unable to decide whether it should cling tenaciously to the chill of winter or concede to Demeter and allow the plants to begin springing up again. Here, though, there are little plants to be found, few open meadows or trees besides those human-engineered dystopian utopias found in Central Park, with their dogs and faux-wood benches and perfectly symmetrical duckponds encrusted with scum from neglect and a dwindling budget for such trivial affairs. The ducks still get their bread, though; no one seems to notice that they are crawling with disease and contagion, because they are ducks , and within every human being apparently lies an intrinsic desire to aid the waterfowl in any way they can. "Here you go," she chirps, tossing strips of focacia at them. The ducklings, grimy and blackened, dart forward, paddling with their little legs to nibble delicately on the offerings, because ducks are a noble breed and have been raised as such. The mother looks up at her with her beady eyes, and some sort of understanding passes through them. It quacks, a plaintive sound. She tilts her head in confusion. "Pardon?" The duck quacks again, more urgently. A few people pass her by and give her odd looks, this girl sprawled on the rain-drenched cobblestones listening intently to the sound of ducklings and their mama , but they've forgotten and it's almost sad how they've lost the ability to comprehend the languages that aren't their own. She listens, absorbs the words it tells her, and nods, standing up and stretching her legs in her ragged, paint-splattered jeans. "Thank you," she says, and throws the whole loaf in before walking away. Her bootheels click-clack on the sidewalks she passes, she trails her ungloved fingers over cracked brick walls, inhales the scents and sights of Manhattan, watches her rainbow nail polish chip off and burst into a cloud of multicolored butterflies. Someone looks up and sees them, and childish delight breaks across his face as he points and stares, mouth open in an awe he cannot quite place. So many things have been forgotten; the old ways are holding tight to their last vestibules scattered all over this war-wrought earth. They try to remember and don't remember what it is they must recall, what eludes them in their dreams, in their most sordid fantasies and intrepid moments. She weaves them into birds, canaries and peacocks and pigeons of her own making, weaves them with rainbow colors and the most abyssal midnights and sets them free. "Go," she whispers, and breathes life into her creations. They take flight, a myriad of avians, ascending into the gray haze and she cannot see them anymore. When they return, they have been leeched of color, feathers limp, and she cradles them in her arms as their heartbeats fade, die down in a glorious crescendo, and flow back into her, and then they are ashes drifting away like a plastic bag caught in a storm. A fever overtakes her, she gasps, and she is whole again. She shakes bedraggled feathers from her hair, takes deep, rasping breaths, and starts on her way. The puddles are made of oil where she touches. He's standing on the edge of a cliff, a Cadillac parked ten feet away with leather seats and fuzzy dice and one of those bobblehead girls that are stuck on the space above the dashboard; his is a gaudy blonde mermaid with a wide grin and it shakes and shudders uncontrollably like the car might be a bull and is trying to buck some invisible rider off, hence the movement. It is the only thing that behaves irregularly. "Hello," she says by way of greeting. He turns, and in this west-coast afternoon sunlight, she observes the planes and angles of his face; sharp, but blurred by the storm clouds gathering. She smells lightning in the air, tastes ozone on the tip of her tongue. His face is angular, aquiline, with a strong nose and a cleft jaw and a faint scar puckering one lip. She catches his scent as the wind blows south and he is an olfactory mixture of cocktails, good brandy and raspberry liqueur, nicotine and gasoline. The boy's eyes widen imperceptibly, but she notices that minute dilation anyway, and smiles. "Who are you?" he asks, hands folded, stance guarded. "My name is Annie," she answers, taking a step forward. He does not move as she approaches. Drawing closer, she rattles off a list of words and meaningless facts. "I saw you today, at the Starbucks. You were reading Hemingway, weren't you? "Old Man of the Sea"? You ordered a latte, light cream, soy milk, extra decaf from Amanda and you tipped her one dollar and she smiled at you. At 9:00 AM, you read for thirty minutes at the park, and then," she pauses to catch her breath, "you bought a hot dog from a street vendor named Paul Whitmore. Mustard, ketchup, extra relish. You thought the sauce looked like bleeding rainbows." His lips quirk upwards in what might be a grin, might not be a grin at all. "You've been keeping busy, I see?" She laughs, a high, tinkling sound that is reminiscent of sleigh bells or perhaps shattering glass. "I'm always busy. Haven't ever been the kind of girl to laze off without purpose." Fingering the moths strung around her neck, she adds, "And neither are you, it seems." His good nature wanes. "How long?" "Since Wisconsin." She eyes him with an uncharacteristic shrewdness she normally reserves for those rare few that get on her nerves. "Too many miles to count, but I could give you an estimate, if you'd like." "It's fine. Just-" He exhales, rubs his eyes and his nose like he might have a migraine coming on. Tucking a strand of copper behind one ear, he glances at her, abashed, while she continues to eye him with that same stern frown that looks completely incongruous on her pastel face through her rainbow-mane tangle of blonde hairs interwoven with stripes of acid green and bloodred. "-just, I don't know. It's quite exhausting to do this, you know. Running." "I hear April's a good month for swimming. Do you plan to compete this time?" "No." He gives a light shake of his head. "I'm pretty worn out. Might crash and burn if I'm not careful." "Come on," she teases, twirling an indigo strand around an ink-stained finger. "Where did all that competitive spirit go?" He gives another shake of the head. "Don't know. Haven't had the energy to try for a while now." He looks up at her, analyzing. "And I don't know you, so don't try to pretend we're friends." She feels a pang go through her, a sense of loss and unfathomable heartbreak. "Why are you wearing Burberry?" "Because Burberry's cool. And expensive. And I like Burberry." "Triton's son," she pronounces, and it all goes quiet. His gaze hardens, refines into something more deadly. He takes a step back. "What the fuck," he breathes, hard and heavy. His fingers dart down into his pocket, reaching for something, but she mutters a few syllables of gibberish and whatever he was reaching for dissolves into a handful of posies and bluebells and daffodils, and he swears creatively, tossing the flowers away. "I don't mean to hurt you." He sneers, cold. "As if I could believe that." "Please." She's on the verge of tears now. "Please give me another chance." His glare falters, briefly slips away to reveal churning waves of turmoil under that calm, impeccable facade of solidity, beneath the veneer of murderer's smiles and killer smirks, and she hopes that he might crumble (just this once) for her, that he might recall November one year ago (please don't let him fail me), but he proves to be as mortal and stalwart as the rest of his lot, and he trembles, pulls back from her outstretched hands with bitterness in his scowl, and abruptly falls off the ledge, hands scrabbling furiously for a hold before he allows himself to succumb to the pull of the waters and slips into the ocean blue as easily as a knife; she catches a sprawl of long limbs, a flash of bronze skin, before he is gone. There are not even bubbles left from the implosion, not even the delicate patches of featherlight seafoam; she tries to reach for something that is not there and predictably, she fails to attain what she's looking for. act 001 Whorls of creamy smoke rise into the arm, form rain clouds that dispense gentle drizzles of water onto the flooded streets. The storm has passed, has broken - for now. She lights another cigarette and watches the paper unravel, then puts it back together in a blink. Dimly, she registers the smell of soot and ash, hears the flapping of wings, notices the garlands of black feathers descending from the sky. She's not entirely unsurprised when she hears the clicking of heels on the pavement beside her and the elegant suave voice addressing her name. "Ariel," it purrs, silk and honey and poison spun together into a mellifluous ripple of sound. "At least, that was your name when I last saw you, yes?"