a/n: written for Irma as part of the caesar's palace secret santa and the caesar's palace monthly oneshot challenge. triggers: child warfare, war content prompt: "if you're still breathing, you're the lucky ones; 'cause the rest of us are heaving through corrupted lungs" from "youth" by /daughter/ recipient: impossible, cardioids, cumulative | abovehead, the angels spoke of damnation | He was there when the first bombs fell. They whistled through the sky, hissing like the escape of steam from a teakettle, than gradually rose in volume until they split the air with the force of a thunderclap. Children gaped at the star-trails their shells traced, and mothers saw the rattling of windowpanes, and fathers saw the fire before they felt it, and the elderly clasped wrinkled hands to wrinkled chests and lay still. The bombs hushed the world for a brief second before they shattered, their molten cargo spilling out from every crook and cranny and painting the cities orange-red-gold. It was painfully beautiful, in the way that only death could be. He had been young, then, in his Sunday best, gazing at the explosions from the sheltered view of a squat little house miles and miles away. Brilliant flowers of dancing flame bloomed in the bombs' wake, igniting the oxygen around them and setting the winds to dancing. His grandmother screamed. Glasses tumbled and broke. The deaths were an artistry in themselves, and he folded his hands, drew a wooden chair to the window, and watched the world burn. He was simply admiring the pictures, wretched as they were; it was only in his human nature to do so. "We must go," he insisted, even though Maeva refused, resolutely folding her freckled arms and glowering at him. "It's going to be too late, otherwise." "I'm not leaving this house," she snapped, and it was typical Maeva: cramped, stubborn, narrow-minded and foolish; two years his senior, as well. "Didn't you hear about the attacks? Those were atomic bombs; the entire state must be filled with radiation by now." "And what will we do in the meantime? Sit here and starve?" "We have enough food," she stated bluntly, flatly, arms still interlocked in that passive-aggressive stance. "We don't need to go out and get killed, like you'd have us do. Honestly, Harrison, don't you ever think?" "Don't you ? Do you think we'll have enough food to last us forever? Do you think we'll have enough food to keep Gran-" and here he gestured to thin, bony Gran, sleeping on the spotted loveseat "-alive, and well, and not rotting away like the rest of everything with each passing second?" "The government, Harrison," Maeva gritted out through clenched teeth, "will fix it. They promised us. They're flying in shipments of food already and we'll go then , when it's safe." "The government let this war happen," he spat. "Flying in more shipments of food? Flying in more bombs is probably what they're doing." "Don't you say that!" Maeva shoved one sharp finger into his chest, pressing him up against the wall, her fury palpable. "Don't you dare say that, you little-" "Sticking up for dad again?" He barked a bitter laugh as her fingernail dug deeper into the space beneath his collarbone. "I don't even know why you do it; has he screwed you over enough times that you've quite possibly gone delusional?" Her hand flew, palm out, and struck him flat cross the face. A red mark, hot like the pain of touching the still-warm stovetop, splayed itself across the wounded cheek. Gran stirred briefly in her drug-addled sleep, and Maeva panted, fast and furious and stung by the words. He gave a mocking little smile. "It's true, though, isn't it? Never spared a thought for us; he only left us in this shithole of a house, way too close to the bombings for comfort." "Harrison," she said, voice quivering, " shut the hell up ." Gently, he pushed himself away from her, rubbing the handprint a bit carelessly as he shrugged on a heavy winter coat. "Where do you think you're going?" "Outside. To have a look." "Get back in here," hissed Maeva, "you have no idea what you're doing ." "Maybe you're content with letting the politicians and the lawmakers carry you away on their amendments and clauses, and being trampled by them, but I'm not. It's just a look, that's all." He paused, then added, "Dad's not here anymore. You've got no say in what I do, or what I speak." " Goddammit Harrison , I'm the oldest. " Her face was getting blotchy now, full of indignation and irritation at her younger brother. "You can't just walk out whenever you feel like it." "There is no god," he replied, voice quiet as the drop of a feather. "Not anymore." Post-bombing was a silent thing. The streets hung heavy with chemical fumes, with the bitter blanket field of radiation, with choking last words and burnt flesh and upheaval. It was a revolutionary thing, the eye set before the encroaching storm. He meandered through the ash-clogged streets, skirting the metal husks of burnt-out cars and treading almost religiously around the stretched out arms and legs, the glazed unseeing eyes and the grimy teeth and the peeling onion skin. All this, and he still held his grandfather's hunting rifle high, kept a watch out for the living. The quiet was uneasy and troubling; it clung to him, thick as the smoke and the weeping black rain that followed. Gingerly, he drew his raincoat over his skin, gloved fingers around the trigger ready to pull and shoot. Out of the dark came a trembling, shrill form, and instinctively, he drew the rifle level to his chest and aimed. Stumbling through the haze was a woman, badly wounded, her flesh rippling and bubbling and raw, and her clothes sloughing off in dry tatters as her twisted, pustule-covered feet shambled towards him. A hideous ululation burst from her scorched throat like a wolf's howl, and he screamed, "Stay away! Get away from me, now!" His cries were little-boy pleas made to nightmarish phantasms as he huddled in bed. She was the hunter, now; he was her prey, he could sense it as keenly as he could see the woman in all her twisted glory. His pupils dilated like the shock of a small animal before the harsh glare of a pair of headlights, his fingers slipped around the trigger and the polished wood. Grandfather's rifle felt more cumbersome than useful, a burdening staff rather than a sleek weapon of defense. Stuttering, he called out again, " Leave me !" The woman persisted in her walk. He caught her stench, a foul miasma akin to char and rot, and gagged, clapping a hand to his mouth to stifle the heaving gasps. Teeth chattering, he steadied himself, pulled the rifle back up, and fired. Smoke issued from the muzzle, accompanied by a sound like a thunderclap as the bullet flew free and hit true. Dancing wildly like a puppet with cut strings, his female assailant fell back, arms and legs jittering wildly as a spray of red droplets burst from her chest and arced through the air. It was a merciless death, elegant in its haphazard single shot, and the cruel planes of the gun were reflected in the pools of scummy rainwater her corpse fell into. The pale limbs jerked, and were still. He stood there a bit longer, savoring the aftermath, the gunsmoke and the piercing recoil and the pollution coursing down the colorful red jacket, streaking it all shades of filth. The wind was tender on his face, and the raindrops said, as each of them died, "You lovely boy; killer boy." It was a cold, wet caress, in the lonely city with the lonely gun for company, and he shivered as he dragged the woman away, wiped his eyes carefully, and left. They ate canned foods in the weeks and weeks after. Beans slathered on white bread, salty ravioli and flaky anchovies, old olives and pickles from musty mason jars. Gran muttered absently as they ate, staring at the flickering television screen. He looked at Maeva, his sister, her brown hair tied back in pragmatic ponytails now as opposed to the glamorous ringlets and waves of before-the-bombs, and tried to empathize. She was surly, whether preparing their meals or washing dishes or doing the laundry in a tub with hot water and soap (their washing machines had broken down), pulling away at the lightest touch like it hurt. "Maeva," he began once, and she wheeled on him, shrieking all sorts of terrible things that made Gran raise her voice for quite possibly the first time since the city burned, and Maeva had rushed from the room looking stunned. Gran submerged quickly back under the somnolent undertow of sleep, as she always did, and he was left alone on the kitchen tiles, musing over the messy soap bubbles and the scalding bath with all their shirts and pants tucked neatly into the water floating tiredly as bodies. He could not understand his sister; Maeva, resolutely clinging to their father's love despite each prolonged absence and his pejorative attitude. Father had been the type of man who was stern beyond fairness, using his power as a cudgel, his seniority as a battering ram; his presence itself could displace the gravity of a room, draw it all towards himself as he drank in the attentions of the reporters and the lesser senators, his venerated position as viciously sentient as one of the Great Old Ones of R'lyeh. He was a hungry one, and what he desired would eventually gravitate towards him, as natural as the luxury that came with a government job. For this, he despised Father, the ease with which he acquired and yet the shrewdness with which he dispensed his gains. "Greed is the secret to survival," Father liked to preach. "If you cannot be selfish, there is little chance you will succeed. It is the way our world works," he would respond to his son's retorts, "and if you are unable to scheme, to use cunning and intellect, well..." Here, his mouth would adopt an arrogant smile. "I do pity you." "He cares, doesn't he?" his sister protested. "He sent us here to live when the war started. He does love us, no matter what you think." To this, he merely reacted with an angry exhalation and a disjointed jumble of words that might have been insulting had they been coherent. Nontheless, Maeva turned away with an irritated huff, and that was when the power came on and the static resolved into an image. On December 4, the world changed with a single broadcast. The TV became a god. The planes flew war-battered across the Atlantic, looped, and dove in towards the rapidly receding shores of California, where the people welcomed them with open arms. Their metal wings gleamed, torn steel strips fluttering against the breeze like silver feathers, and the pilots became operators of mechanical angels, transcendental and horrific entities of immeasurable beauty. They pinwheeled carelessly, belching out fuel and fire, and still, those crying zealots charged forth for the embrace; the unholy tide swept into desperate, vain motion. Those little paper humans, so reliant on the pen of the upper echelons to define their paper lives, soon crumpled against the onslaught. A nation noticed and lost its voice. Champagne flutes clinked together in finely furnished bunkers at its inception and execution. San Diego wept against the breast of its mother, even as she kissed it coldly with a hailstorm of missiles, waxing and waning with each glorious spin, each violent rose that bloomed before them. A confined incident transformed into poetry, and all the educated read it and sobbed wealthy tears, and the illiterate gaped hollowly and asked, Why ? His fingers scraped along stone, dislodging dusty ruins of once-proud architecture. A fallen billboard gleamed burnished gold in the