*Foreword* It has been 12 years since Gandalf, Bilbo, Frodo, and almost all the Elves' had left Middle Earth, all the Elves' accept a small number that still remain in Middle Earth. In that small number are two unforgettable Elves', Arwen, and Legolas. They remain in the Kingdom of Gondor, with Aragorn, King of Gondor. Arwen is Aragorn's wife and the Queen of Gondor. Aragorn and Arwen have four children, Marlina, Marlos, Marlis, and Marlus. Marlina is the first Heir to Gondor, Marlos is the second, Marlis is the third, and Marlus is the last. Because Aragorn is Human, and Arwen is an Elf, all four children are half-Elf-half-human, which makes them very special. They are the only four of their kind. They have the endurance and persistence of a human, plus the power, strength and nature of the Elves'. Marlina takes daily Archery lessons every other month, the lessons are given by Legolas, Marlina knows that one day she will have to take the throne, and defend the people of Gondor, just like her brothers find Archery pointless, and spend their time taking Sword lessons given by their Father, where as Marlina already knows how to use a sword very well. All four children take Ax lessons as well, although they do not learn, because Gimli's lessons always turn into one of his amazing war stories. Marlina also takes time every chance she gets, to be with her mother, and learn as much about healing as she can. Marlina is only 11, but she takes every day, and try's to become the best person she could possibly be, so that one day she will be a great Queen and friend to the people of Gondor. Marlos is only 9, but he uses every day to become the greatest warrior anyone has every known. He wants to be the one to lead the brave warriors of Gondor out to victory and glory should war ever fall upon their Kingdom. The twins Marlis and Marlus who are 7 want to one day become the Royal Guardsmen for the White City of Minas Tirith, to serve and protect it along with its people and Royal Family. Legolas and Gimli both help to protect all of Middle Earth helping to rid the land of what remains of the Uruk-hai that still run freely, burning villages and killing people who have the unfortunate fate of meeting in their paths. Legolas and Gimli will be setting out soon with an army 500 strong, they also take medicine for those who may yet be alive. Now as Legolas and Gimli say their last farewells they come to Marlina, Marlos, Marlis, and Marlus who are waiting by the stables. "We will return as soon as the lands are free of what's left of Sauron's filth, it is growing weak, it should not take long." Legolas says with a small smile. "Then your lessons will continue." Marlina looked at Legolas for a moment. "Legolas, come back in one piece will you?" Legolas smiled. "I will do my best. Until then, Marlina I need you to take care of this for me." Legolas gave Marlina a small Jewel on a strong thin chain. With that, Legolas went into one of the stables to ready his Horse. Gimli sighed. "Well maybe you'll learn more when you're not hearing my war stories." Gimli laughed. "Ah, I know Elves' are more formal than we Dwarfs, but-" Gimli had been cut off as each of the children gave him a hug. "Be careful out there Gimli." Marlina said with a smile. Gimli laughed. "Aye, that I think I can do." Gimli chuckled then sighed, and took one more look at the children. "Farewell little friends" Gimli said with a smirk. Now Legolas was riding out on his horse, and he stopped for Gimli to get on behind him. "Hopefully our paths will meet again very soon my young friends!" Legolas said in Elvish, as Gimli got on the Horse and it took off. Now at least 500 men were riding out behind them, Marlina stayed to watch them go, even though her brothers were already heading back to find something to do or something to eat. Marlina stood there, at the front gate of Minas Tirith, watching as Legolas, Gimli, and the Army of 500 were riding off, slowly fading into the distance. Marlina lifted her hand and looked at the jewel Legolas had given her. The jewel was shaped like a small heart with a rose. The stem of the rose went down the middle, making the heart look as if it were in two pieces, although it was only in one piece. The rose was only on the front, while the back of the heart was of very smooth crystal. Marlina wondered what it meant to Legolas, but she has lost her chance to ask. Although he did not give her a chance to ask. All the riders were now out of sight. And Marlina felt strangely alone… Chapter 1 *Nine years later* "It has been 9 years since they left, it is very unlikely that their still alive." Marlus said."Do we really have any reason to hold out hope?" Marlis looked at his sister Marlina, who was standing by the window. "Of course we have reason to have hope. Gimli and Legolas are the best warriors alive." Marlis said. "We have to have hope, we all owe them that much. And a lot more." Marlos came into the throne room, and stopped, as he saw Marlina standing at the throne room window, where she had been two hours ago, when he'd gone to see if there was any word on Legolas and Gimli. The afternoon sun was shining on her beautiful blonde hair. Marlina had blonde hair although her family all had dark hair. When Marlina was born, she her hair was dark. She was also born small, silent… and without a heartbeat. She was saved by the grace of the Woodland Elves. Somehow, the result had turned Marlina's hair blonde. "There is no word yet." Marlos said. "Marlina, you need to rest, you have not been sleeping much at all." Marlos was worried for his sister. "Plus you have stood there for over two hours, you need to find something else to occupy your time." Marlina turned her head, to face Marlos. "What else is there to do but to wait?" Marlina turned her attention back to the window as the scouts were returning. "I will go see what information the scouts have gathered." Marlina turned and walked down the main entrance, passing her mother on the way out of the throne room as Arwen(Mother), walked in. "What bothers Marlina, this time?" Arwen asked her sons. "She is troubled. There is no word on Legolas and Gimli." Marlos said. "Marlus hasn't helped either." Marlus turned to his brother. "Would you have her believe in a false hope then?" Marlus asked. "Not knowing if their alive?" Marlus finished. Marlos remained calm. "If it gets her through these hard times, then yes." Marlos said in a calm, and soothing voice. "I will not see her heart saddened unless we know there is reason for it." Marlos finished. Marlus walked toward the main entrance, shaking his head as he left the throne room. Back at the Shire, the world could not be a more calm and happy place. Sam was out in the wooded area, looking for herbs, vegetables, and fruits. He had already found enough for the day, and was preparing to stop for lunch. As Sam was settling beneath a big Oak tree, though he felt as though he was not alone. He felt as though someone he knew was near by. He dismissed the feeling as he started eating his lunch, but he still felt uneasy, like he was being watched. He looked around to see that he was completely alone, no one was there but him and his horse. But now, in the distance, he could hear two very familiar voices. "Come on Merry! Hurry! We can't get caught!" It was the voice of his friend Pippin. Sam shook his head. "Probably stole from Old Man Rivers' garden again." Sam said. "Run Pippin! We're almost clear!" The voice of Merry said. They were much closer now, so close in fact, that Sam could hear them running past near by tree's and dodging other smaller tree's, as Sam could now see them, right in front of him. Merry and Pippin toppled over him. "Nice going Merry, you made me trip on something." Pippin said. "I made you trip? You made me trip!" Merry replied. "If we'd have gone the way I wanted we wouldn't of-Oh look, it's Sam!" Merry said cheerfully. "Yes, now get off me!" Sam said, very clearly annoyed as he pushed them off of him. "What were you two doing? Digging around in Old Man Rivers' garden again?" Sam asked accusingly. "You should know better by now!" They both looked down at the food they had stolen. They knew Sam was right. "I'm going to cut off your heads and feed em' to the fishes!" It was Old Man Rivers. "Run!" Pippin yelled. "I am not going anywhere. You're the ones who took it!" Sam replied in a huff. "And then I'm going to gut ya and feed ya insides to the fishes!" Sam, Merry, and Pippin all looked back and forth at each other, and then all took off running back to Sam's own little home in the shire. Dodging many tree's on the way. And when they got there, they went inside with Sam. "What is the matter with you two? You're going to get yourselves killed!" Sam said with a very stern voice. "We're sorry Sam, we didn't mean to make you leave your food behind." Pippin said. "It's just that…" Merry started. "We heard about some Uruk-hai coming our way." Merry finished. "We just wanted a little fun before they got here." Pippin added. Sam looked at his two friends and almost smiled. Sam and his childish friends, went into the kitchen. "Let's get something to eat." Sam said as he turned away from his friends. While back in the wooded area… laid Old Man Rivers' body, killed by the Uruk-hai that had finally reached the Shire. They now set up camp, unaware that Hobbiton was not far from their very location. Night now awaits the rising of the sun. Now, back in Gondor, Marlina reaches the scouts as they send their horses to the stables. "What news do you bring?" Marlina asked patiently, as she waited for any word on Legolas and Gimli. "They were attacked, and killed by the very ones they hunted. But, Legolas and Gimli's bodies were not found. I'm sorry, M'Lady." The first scout said with regret in his voice. "They could have fought the Uruk-hai that attacked them, and won. There was a large number of dead Uruk-hai at the battle ground, they may yet be alive M'Lady" the other said. "Thank you, I will tell my father what you have gathered. We are all glad that you have returned safely. Is there anything else?" Marlina asked calmly. "We had to go out almost as far as the Shire, M'Lady." The first scout said. "It's possible, that the Uruk-hai could reach its people, if they go out into the woods." The other concluded. "Thank you." Marlina said, as she politely turned, and made the slow walk back to the throne room, on the highest level of the White City. 'How can I know their alright?' She thought. 'Should I stop hoping for their return?' It had not seemed as though she was in thought very long, when she reached the throne room and went inside. She had been gone for almost half an hour. And so, she told her family what the scouts had gathered. "We must send protection for them." Said Aragorn King of Gondor.