The Story of us. Disclaimer: I don't not Own Hunger Games or Taylor Swift. Hey Guys my names Jessie (Not really but you'll never know my real name!) I know my name suggests that I'm a Percy Jackson lover fan thing :P But in Fact I do have a love for the Hunger games, so much in fact that I role-play it with a few of my friends. Summary: Abby Meldune is a young 15 year old girl living as a seamstress in the dark parts of District twelve; she lives with her Brother Freddie and Her Father. She has to fend for her family. Her brother Freddie is 8 and not eligible, for the Hunger games and her Father and herself bring in the income. It's the 76 th hunger games. Last year Abby lost her Sister Honey to the Hunger Games and they had only learned to cope with her death. What happens when this simple Sewing girl is thrown headfirst into the Hunger Games, accompanied by a simple Hunting Hero (Blake). Armed with the knowledge from the previous winners. Katniss and Peeta. She must learn to survive and get home safely before the family loses another one they hold dear. Join Abby on an Adventure you can't forget. Follow her through the traumas of being a tribute and watch her fight the unimaginable. But yet she has a worse enemy to fight. One she must learn to conquer in this world of evil. Love. Character Profile: Abby Meldune District: 12 Job: Seamstress Weapons: Sword or Spear. Is learning to shoot and throw Skills: Natural survival, she can hunt-Ish being from a starved nation. She used to being starved. Love interest: Corvo, Blake. Friends: Blake (District 12) Corvo (District 4) Crystal (District 5) Family: Freddie (8) Honey Meldune (17 deceased) Carl Meldune (Father 40) Disclaimer: Susanne owns the famous Hunger games. Not I. and I don't own any references I make either. Any songs I put in here are not mine and belong to the owner. Any thinking will be put in 'Italics' The Story of us "Abby..?" My brother's soft voice rang out from the bed next to me, and I sigh turning around to the look at my bedside clock '3.30'am. ' Great'. Groaning I turn myself around to look at my 8 year old brother Freddie, his gaunt, shallow features, shrunken with his starved appearance. My heart breaks at the sight, it's not my fault, I try to bring in as much as possible but it's never enough, he climbs out of bed and sit on his own bed, stroking his face. "Are you okay..?" I whisper, and his bottom lip trembles. I bring him into a hug, his brittle ribs poking into my stomach. "Abs…" His voice trails off and I feel wetness on my shirt. I hold him at arm's length, his face streaked with tears. "Freddie... Freddie don't cry. It's alright, shush" I whisper soothingly "I had a bad dream" He sniffles "I know" "It was about ...her" "Honey...?" "Yes" "…" I fall silent, the pain slashing through me, like a knife. He was talking of course about our sister Honey Meldune, She fell victim to last year's 86th Annual Hunger games, she had no experience and refused to kill, yet she still died with honour. Her body still held her breath taking beauty as she lay in her casket. She had died at the hands of her lover, one of the last to die, consumed with Hunger and insanity, she pleaded for her death, but she would not do it herself. Her lover, the Career from District one, Nymph they called him. He and her were star crossed lovers, they had no support-not like Katniss and Peeta- It was 4 left, she was close to going home. Then it happened, Insanity hit her like a ton of bricks, she saw things that weren't there, she would scream in agony and all I wanted was to go there and help her, hold her at least. He found her, he wanted to save her, but it was too late. It turns out that her cunningness wasn't enough. It was horrible watching her day in, day out. By Wednesday of the second week, her cannon boomed. We saw her in the box, her hair splayed gracefully around her beautiful face, the hair was neatly brushed, it seemed like a joke, she was dead and the capitol thought that prettying her up would make up for destroying a family! Tears dropped from my eyes as I leant down to kiss her forehead- just like she did to me, months ago. Back to the present and Freddie had burst into tears; I grabbed him closer, swallowing my own tears. "Honey's watching us Freddie. I promise and..." I move to be crouched by his bed, to his eyes level. "You know what? I think she would be proud of you, she would call you her little tough warrior." I thumb away some of his tears. His face splits into a weak grin at the thought. "You think so?" "Yup" I say popping the 'P' watching his little face light up in small laughter. "Don't worry Freddie." I whisper in his ear. "I'm not going anywhere." And with that he falls asleep, comforted by me, I smile down at his sleeping peaceful form. "I promise" I Whisper in his ear, moving the sheets over him again as i stroke his gaunt face, before sighing and standing, walking down the stairs. "No use in sleeping when I only have an hour before I'd have to wake-up anyway" I groan to myself and pick up my massive basket of sewing. ~Maybe I should explain, I'm the district seamstress, anything needed sewing and it would be in my basket, part of my job description means going around to all houses and picking up clothing needed sewing. Well seeing as Next week's the reaping and most of it is needed for the reaping, I better get sewing~ Groaning, I search through the thread holder, trying to find a specific piece of wool. You see, this was my mother's before she died. Being the oldest after Honey I received it . After a while, i scowl, giving up on finding the wool, i place the basket aside, and stand, picking up a new basket of clothing, brushing off lint, before walking out of the door and into the dust ridden streets. I shiver in the vast cold, pulling my muffler up over my mouth, my green vibrant eyes flickering about the place, as i tuck my honey, Blonde hair into a hat, stopping at houses on the way to the hob, to give clothes back to people. The Hob is the best way to get a profit and good trade, our peacekeepers turn a blind eye, but everyone goes there for the best trading qualities. Well for me, I go for my thread. "Hello Sally" I cheerfully wave at the woman behind the thread counter. I come in here nearly every other week, but today something is different. "Hello Abby" Sally calls cheerfully back, bringing me in for a kiss on the cheek. "I have your clothes here Sal" I Smile taking out the freshly sewn bundle and handing it over "Thank you pet" She croons and puts the bundle behind her, Suddenly a boy of about 16 struts in, walking next to Sal. "I got it Sally" He smiles gently at her, his carefree voice, enticing and warning. His mousy brown hair windblown from the cool winter airs. He smile would make any girl fall at the knees. She blushed and he chuckled. "So what do you need?" I raise an eyebrow at his sudden appearance, but shrug it off, looking at my list. "Well, I need... 3 blue, 2 grey and 1 black threads please" I count out the coins from my purse as he gathers the thread. I hand over the coins. "Uhm... No" My head snaps up thinking I got the payment wrong. "What's the matter?" I tilt my head at him. "Just pay for one, my treat" He smirks handing my back the rest of the coins. "T...Thank you" I stutter, confused, when he does. "That was very kind" He smirks, and I take the thread, putting it in my basket. "I'm sorry i didn't catch your name?" I say, intending for him to tell me, so He chuckles shaking his head "Blake" He extends his hand. "Abby" I extend mine "Nice name" "Thanks you too." I say Awkwardly, looking around, before picking up my basket. "Well.. thanks for the thread. I'll have to repay you sometime!" I turn to walk away. "Abby!" I turn "I... It's nice to meet you" "you too?" I walk out giggling shaking my head, walking towards my home. "Dad, I'm Home!" I yell at up the stairs as I walk in. "I'll be right down!" I hear him yelling back and I chuckle shaking my head. I sit down, preparing to continue my work, when the image of a boy with brown mousey hair and captivating eyes flashed through my mind. I Blush, shaking the image away and continuing sewing the clothes. "Abbbbbbbbbbbbyyyyy!" I Hear Freddie's voice call down the stairs and I laugh. ' 3…2….1' I count out in my head before I hear my little brother bounding down the stairs. "Did you get it Abs? Did ya?!" He jumps up and down with excitement, looking at me expectantly. I curse to myself; He wanted that new Action figurine of Peeta. I sigh and run my hands through my hair. "No, sweetie sorry I forgot it" I put my hands in my pockets sheepishly and remember the coins that were given back. I watch his face fall, "But…" I begin and bring out the coins "How about we go get it, hm? I have the money and I don't need It." "Can we?! Can we really?!" "Yes little man, now come on, before it's all sold out" I chuckle standing and taking his hand, my basket lying forgotten. We walk back to the hob; secretly I'm hoping to see Blake, but just my luck he isn't there. I sigh, a little disappointed, and walk up to the toy counter and order my brothers toy. ' Where is he?' I look around again. "Abby?" My head snaps down to see my brother, looking up at me confused. "Hm?" Was my brilliant answer and he begins laughing. "Your head was in the clouds" He giggles "Who ya thinking about" I felt my cheeks heat up. "No-one Freddie" I mumble and he giggles even more. "Liaaaaaaarrrrrrr" He sings running around with his new toy, as I pay the fee. I roll my eyes. "Come on squirt. Let's get you home" I move him towards the door, with him still giggling and singing 'Liar Liar' behind me. I chuckle softly, ruffling his hair as i guide him home. Half way there I see a figure moving towards the outskirts of our town, the figure had mousey brown hair but I can't see with the harsh sun, setting over me. I recognise him though, for a fleeting second I see the rugged face of Blake. 'Huh... whats he doing here?' I see him disappear behind a house, toward the fence, the fence that separates the outside world from our cramped lonely town. I frown, worried that he would get caught but no-one is looking or paying attention to the escaping boy. "Sis?" I Hear Freddie's voice from the side of me. It's only then do I realise that I have been standing and staring at the house that he disappeared behind. "Uh... Freddie, I have something to check out. Go Home and I'll catch up with you sweetie." I stroke his forehead and send him off towards our home. It's not until he's out of sight, do I run towards the house and slip behind it,