Alice/Bella Rated M Summary: Lonely Alice has a date with her couch for Valentine's day, To her surprise...her best friend's cousin comes and crashes her pity party. Too bad nobody told Alice cousins were off limits as well. I don't own any characters. Enjoy. Finishing off the last glass of my expensive white wine, I slammed the empty bottle on the creamy marble wood table in front of me. Junk food scattered across the table while more bottles of wine laid at my feet. I didn't need company to have a good time with myself. So it looks like another Valentine's day up in smokes...Rosalie and Emmett had raced outta here like their asses was on fire, Edward and Angela stayed with me for awhile until Edward got impatient and threw Angela over his shoulder and wink at me. All my friends were paired up and happy, I have always been the fifth wheel. I didn't mind, because most of the time I had someone...but I never dated anybody seriously, I always kept them at arm length. There was no reason to get deep involved with someone and the next week I get bored and break their hearts. Trust me I did it before...and it wasn't a pretty site. Jasper has been my only on and off boyfriend, only because we grew up together and we were each other firsts. Jasper was a asshole just like me but we never were assholes towards each other. But everything changed when Maria Lockheart moved to town. Jasper was a goner, I felt bad for the guy...she wasn't giving up no pussy for no one. But it actually made Jasper like her even more, but it gave him the worst case of blue balls ever known to man. A year ago today Maria finally put Jasper out of his misery and they been together ever since. So that bump my lonely ass to the seventh wheel, they all tried to include me in their couple outings and it worked for awhile but I got tired of watching people in love around me. Quickly running a bath, and stripping down to my panties. I grabbed my black silk robe and a towel. Just as I made my way into the bathroom for a little one on one time...I hear a knock. Frowning my face in confusion, I pull my robe tighter around me and made my way downstairs towards the door. I bet it's Rosalie and Emmett, too drunk to find their keys. Chuckling as I whipped the door open, my mouth suddenly goes dry. It was not Rosalie or Emmett. I quickly stepped behind the door to hide my near nakedness. "C...Can I help you?" I stuttered, cursing myself under my breath...I cleared my throat and pulled my robe tighter. "Um...Yes I'm looking for my cousin Angela Weber, she says she lives here. But I must have the wrong house...sorry" The mystery woman suddenly turns on her heels to walk away, I quickly step away from the door and spoke. "No!...You have the right house, yes she lives here but I'm afraid she isn't here right now." I say giving her a head to toe, and I must say...Angela has been holding out on me. If my gaydar is right...Me and Angela will be having a long talk about family that is off limits...since she's fucking my brother. "Shit...I told her my flight was coming in tonight, and my guess she didn't tell you I was visiting" Her voice was pure fucking sex, I could feel my nipples harden. "No she didn't" I simply said, trying not to ruin my favorite set of panties. She groans and runs her fingers through her buzz cut, I damn near lunged at her but the door was keeping me from doing that. "Okay...I'll just try to reach her, I'm sorry for disturbing you. You look like you were in the middle of something" She says as I watched her eyes roam from my neck,to my rock hard nipples and down my bare legs. I crossed my ankles and leaned against the door smirking at her, she blushed at getting caught. "I would let you in but..." I let my sentence hang, how do I know she wasn't a killer. She quickly nods and grabbed her bag that I finally noticed since talking to her. The huge bag was a military bag with her name and branch on it. Fuck! She's was a solider. Watching her sling the heavy bag with ease, I imagine her slinging me around in my bedroom. Stop! She's Angela's cousin, so that means she's off limits...right? Yes! Angela will cut your nipples off if you try to seduce her cousin. While I was arguing with myself, I hear her say goodnight and proceed to walk away. I sighed and let a puff of air escape my lungs, opening the door wider...I stepped out and yelled. "What the hell, come on in...I would be a bitch to let you walk away and plus Angela would kill me if she knew I left you out here in the cold" I said as she swiftly walked back to the porch and stood tall over me. Shit she was tall, and muscular. I wanted to lick her bicep so bad as I just watch it flex through her thin sweater...as she tightened her grip on her bag. "I don't want to make you uncomfortable...I can wait out here" I shook my head and walked back inside the house as she followed, sitting her bag by the door and kicking her boots off. I walked towards the living room making sure my hips sway with ever step I took. I threw a glance back and smirked when I caught her again staring at my legs. "What's your name Solider?" I asked, I saw a lust filled look cross her eyes but she quickly blinked it away and smiled. "Isabella Swan...but you can call me Bella" She says rubbing the back of her head, I licked my lips imagining my fingers running through her short hair as her head was bury between my legs. "Well the remote is there and you can greet yourself to anything here or in the fridge, I was about to take a bath before you knocked...so excuse me while I go do that and I'll be back in a jiffy" I said running upstairs to take the fastest shower in history. I was soaked already, this isn't good...not good at all. She is everything I wanted in a women, she had everything! usually the females I date always had something missing...but this woman had everything. From the short hair to the perfectly shaped clean nails. I was dying to see what was under that sweater. Applying lotion and rubbing it all over, I took a minute to rub my nipples. They were so sensitive as I pulled a shirt down over them, Stepping into the smallest pair of shorts I own, I quickly pulled my short hair into a ponytail. Checking myself in the mirror, satisfied with how I look, I flew down the stairs and saw that she was still in the same spot I left her in. "Sorry but I couldn't get the TV to work...so I just left it alone" My god! Can she get even more sexier, I flopped down on the couch as she stood digging a hole in her pocket. I patted the seat next to me, she mumbled something that I didn't catch and sat down. I almost closed my eyes and inhaled, damn she smelled good...and looked good. I wonder if she taste good? "I'm sorry again for ruining your plans, I bet your boyfriend is pissed" I laughed at how smooth she managed to asked that, I folded my legs under me and flicked the TV on. "I don't have a boyfriend, I was spending Valentine's day with myself...well that was until you showed up" I said as I watched the redness cover her cheeks. "Um... "Want some wine?" I asked quickly pouring me a glass, I was already tipsy...but I wanted to be fucked up before the night was over. It didn't take long for us to go through two bottles of wine. I was far too drunk to be thinking rationally, and all I wanted right now was her tongue inside me. "Angela was always a quiet kid, and for her to curse at the dinner table at thanksgiving was priceless! And what makes it so bad she didn't even say it right" Bella was a fit of giggles as she spilled so much dirt on her cousin...that I surely will use in the near future. "It's getting hot in here, you don't mind if I take my sweater off do you?" She asked slurring her words a little. I quickly sat up eagerly awaiting for her to show some skin, I shook my head and waved my hand for her to take it off. And boy...I was not disappointed. She stood and grabbed the back of the sweater and threw the piece of clothing over the couch. I might have spilled some wine, because the tight pure white shirt gave a little to no imagination. It stuck to her like second skin, and I could easily see how hard her nipples were through the black bra she had on. Squeezing my thighs immediately, I shifted trying to find a little relief from the raging throb between my legs. The military has been good to her, I swear I didn't see not even a ounce of fat nowhere on her...she was all muscle. "Much better, I was burning up in that sweater. So Alice...tell me about this Edward and does he treat my baby cousin right?" I smiled at how protective she was of her cousin. "My brother's head is so far up Angela's ass, I'm surprised he can breathe. He worship the ground she walks on...so you don't have to worry" I must of said the right thing, because she nods and smile. "What about you? Any special friend waiting for you back at base?" I asked sipping on my fifth glass of wine. She pulled two sets of dogs tags from under her shirt, I could see just by how she looks at them that they mean alot. "No." That's it, that was her answer. I knew better to not pick at something that was obviously too sensitive to talk about. She drowned the cup of wine and quickly smiled at me. "So..." She says. I smirked against my glass, now we might be getting somewhere! "So..." I said back, we looked at each other until she licked her lips and sat back on the couch smirking. So it seems I must make the first move. "What was your plans for tonight before I came and crashed it?" I could just lie, but what's the fun in that when I can just tell her the truth. "Well I was gonna sit here stuff my face, drink until I couldn't comprehend anything anymore. Make my way upstairs to a hot bath and play with myself until I couldn't feel my legs anymore" I said licking the rim of the glass, as I watched her eyes darkened at my action. "Well don't let me stop you beautiful, and I'm amazed as to how someone so...endowed be alone on Valentine's day" She says sneaking a glance at my breasts. "Not many females can handle my assets...so I rather keep to myself, I know my body better than anybody" I let my last word purr out, I leaned over to put my glass on the table. When I straightened back up...she was leaning towards me as I could feel her breath on my neck. "Are you sure about that?" She whispered in my ear, I slowly turned my head so our nose were inches apart. "More importantly...are you sure you can you handle me?"