Cato Hadley was the most beloved victor in District 2. At the age of 18, he'd volunteered for the 70th Hunger Games, and had won in what his district considered the most honorable way; it had come down to him and the male tribute from 1, and they'd thrown their weapons to the side and battled it out with their bare hands for a solid thirteen minutes before Cato knocked the other boy out and broke his neck. The games, which had taken place that year in marshy swamplands, had been the second shortest in Panem history, and Cato took down eight of his fellow tributes in four days, setting the record for most kills. Apart from the broken hand and internal bruising he'd sustained in the final showdown, he suffered only one other injury: a deep cut across his forehead when a gator mutt swiped him with one of its massive claws just before he shoved a spear through its skull after it killed Dani, his district partner. He had been amped up beyond belief to enter his games, although he maintained a facade of reserved disdain, as though he were above this whole thing. He knew he'd win, the way he knew that the sun rose in the east and set in the west, and so did his mentors and his classmates at the Academy. At his pre-games interview with Caesar, he won over the Capitol audience with his cold, self-assured demeanor. "I'm prepared. I'm vicious. I'm ready to go," he said with absolute certainty, and the crowd roared. Cato had one vivid memory from his games. As he stood on his plate, assessing the cornucopia and the positions of his Career allies, he reminded himself why he was here. This was his destiny, it was what he had been born to do. He had trained for this since he was six years old. Once he was crowned Victor, all of his hard work, his blood and his sweat, would pay off and he'd be able to start living like a king. He'd have a mansion in Victors' Village, complete with Avoxes to serve him. He'd eat only the best food, drink only the finest liquor, and every night he'd sink himself balls deep into only the hottest pussy. He calmed his breath and steadied his heartbeat to return his focus to the task at was a sword on the ground about 10 yards from him. This, he decided, would be the instrument with which he would achieve his goal. Twenty-three other children were all that stood between Cato and what was to be the greatest moment of his entire life. When it was time, he launched himself off of the plate and sprinted to the sword, shoving some girl about his age out of the way. He snatched it up and turned to the nearest tribute, a 12-year-old boy from District 3, who was crouched on the ground to retrieve a backpack of supplies. The little boy leapt up when Cato's shadow fell over him, and Cato sliced off his head as he had done to countless holographs during his years of training. But the holographs from the Academy didn't have big green eyes that bored into his with terror just before the blade struck home like this boy did. Blood didn't pour forth from their throats, coating his hands with warmth. Cato had no memory of what happened during his games after that, although he watched himself kill four more tributes during the bloodbath at his post-games interview with Caesar six days later. He watched himself bark orders to the other Careers, watched himself smile contemptuously as his allies mocked the pleas for mercy their victims had sobbed out before they were slaughtered. He watched himself fuck Luxe, the female tribute from 1, against a willow tree during his second night in the arena while the other Careers slept, and then he watched himself hunt down and dispatch two other tributes with all the compunction of a horse swatting at a fly with its tail. He watched himself walk away from Luxe's body without so much as a backward glance after Dani put an arrow through her heart when it was time for the Career alliance to break apart. He watched as he and his final opponent pummeled each other with blows to the stomach and kidneys before he got the upperhand and snapped the other boy's neck. He didn't remember doing any of it. He did remember his post-games interview, but it was as if he stood behind his actual body for the duration of it, watching himself watch himself while he lounged in a tailored dark grey suit on the loveseat across from Caesar, one arm slung casually across the back of it, his ankle resting on his knee. The crowd adored him. He got his mansion in Victors' Village, but he walked through the rooms blindly. He got his fine food and his top-shelf liquor, but he couldn't taste any of it. And as for the pussy… Most nights he went out drinking with his buddies from his own training days. He usually didn't get wasted, just pleasantly buzzed. When he'd had enough, he'd look around whatever establishment they were patronizing to find all of the women staring at him with blatant lust. He'd survey them all briefly before choosing the hottest one, and he'd wink once and smirk at her before sauntering over to introduce himself. Some of them tried to be witty and clever as they flirted with him, and if he was in the mood Cato indulged them and bantered back, but he really wasn't into the bullshit of playing cat and mouse games; they'd had him at first eye-fuck. He was rough and detached in bed (and against the wall, and on the floor), dispensing with kissing after about 30 seconds, but he wasn't entirely selfish. He knew how to get a girl off, and he made sure he did it before blowing his own load, because after all it was only fair. He never brought them to his place, and he never stayed at theirs, leaving immediately after he had finished. Most of the time, he didn't even bother to learn their names. He spent his time helping train the candidates at the Academy, and then he acted as a sort of apprentice and backup to Enobaria as she mentored the male tribute for the 71st games. District 2 lost that year, and the Victor was a tall, beautiful dark-skinned girl named Laila from 1. Cato, however, had done such a good job acquiring sponsors for his charge that they decided he was ready to take on full mentorship responsibility for Alec, the male volunteer for the 72nd Games. Alec was tall and blond like his young mentor, but while Cato gave off an aura of quiet, jaded contempt for everything and everyone, Alec was lewd and gregarious, with a maniacal gleam in his eyes. He won his games almost as easily as Cato had won his, and he laughed like a madman as he carried out his kills. Brutus and Lyme and the others clapped Cato on the back and called him a prodigy-he was the only mentor to ever produce a Victor on his first try. For the 73rd games, he mentored Thea, the female volunteer. She made it to the final six before she was killed. Lyme told him he'd done a great job anyway, reassured him that you won some and you lost some, and encouraged him to take it all in stride. She didn't realize that he didn't care. He had acted smug when Alec won, and slightly disappointed when Thea lost, because that was how everyone had expected him to behave, but he didn't give two shits. Mentoring and teaching at the Academy was nothing more than his duty as a Victor, nothing more than something to fill his time. He looked to all of Panem like a young man utterly satisfied with himself and his place in the world, but inside, he'd felt nothing for four years. Well, almost nothing. Sometimes he relived his only memory from his bloodbath in his nightmares, and he awoke sick to his stomach with a feeling he couldn't name. On those nights, he couldn't fall back asleep, and so he would sit on the edge of his bed, a rope in his hand, tying a noose and then untying it, and then tying and untying it again, over and over in the dark. He didn't understand what it was that kept him from hanging himself, didn't realize that beneath the surface of his conscious thought was the latent knowledge that twenty-three dead children would never forgive him for wasting what had been taken from them four years ago. Plutarch Heavensbee had perfected the art of schooling his features into amusement to hide the disgust he felt as Seneca Crane showed him a replay of the 73rd Hunger Games Victory Tour. For the most part there was nothing remarkable about it. The crowds that gathered at each of the stops acted much the same as they had in previous years. The citizens of District 1 cheered jubilantly because the victor-a hulking red-headed boy named Lars-was one of their own, while the people of District 2 regarded him with envious respect. The other districts exhibited varying degrees of forcibly feigned enthusiasm. Only the Capitol citizens seemed different this year, their applause for Lars just a bit more subdued than usual, their eyes dull with a hint of indifference. Seneca paused the footage and turned to Heavensbee. "Do you see? The people of the Capitol are getting tired of watching tributes from 1 and 2 win year after year. It's been the same story for the last eight years, apart from Johanna Mason during the 69th. They want to see an underdog win." "Are you suggesting we rig the games so someone from another district wins? I don't know that we can accomplish that with subtlety," Heavensbee said skeptically. "Oh no, I'm not suggesting that we rig anything. I agree-it would be too obvious if we did, and we don't want to alienate our two most loyal districts by purposely killing off their tributes. But maybe we can do something to pique the Capitol citizens' interest and keep them satisfied until the excitement of the Quarter Quell." "What did you have in mind?" Seneca leaned forward eagerly. "Well tell me what you think of this." He spread his hands and paused for dramatic effect "Each tribute is mentored by a victor from another district." He sat back against his chair, looking pleased with himself, and evidently expecting Heavensbee to be impressed as well. Heavensbee, who thought the idea rather underwhelming, nevertheless considered it for a minute. "In theory it's interesting," he said tactfully, "but in reality I think the mentors-at least the ones from 1 and 2-will just consider it a waste of time and continue working with the tributes from their own district secretly. They probably won't pay much attention to the tributes assigned to them...so the games won't really play out any differently in the end." "Oh, I know that and you know that. But most of the Capitol citizens won't." Heavensbee couldn't argue. But he wasn't so sure that President Snow would approve a change in rules during a non-Quell year. It was his private opinion that over the last few years the old man had lost touch even with the people of the Capitol, and Heavensbee had said as much to Alma Coin the last time he snuck off to District 13. "You may have a difficult time getting buy-in from the president," he said to Seneca. "Yes, I've already thought about that. But I have an argument prepared. There aren't many mentors left from the outlying districts, and the ones still living are getting up there in age, with no one to replace