Well, so this came tumbling out yesterday over the course of a few hours, instead of the epilogue for Into the Black that I was intending to work on. Warning: I don't want to give anything away, so I won't go into details, but just know that this is dark. If you're not prepared, then turn back now. One detail that I will give is that Cato is not a pedophile, so if you were worried about that, rest easy. This isn't some sick romance between a 16 and 12 year old. Acknowledgements/Disclaimer: I don't own THG or any of the characters. I used some direct quotes from the first book to describe Rue, particularly the way she stands. I also used a quote from Mean Girls and a quote from Fight Club. If you want to really up the darkness quotient, listen to "Exit Music (For a Film)" by Radiohead while you read. It's what inspired me to write this in the first place. It is 74 ADD. Twenty-two tributes win the games. The sixteen year old boy from 2 loses. So does the twelve year old girl from 11. Neither of them understand this in the beginning. He realizes it first. After Claudius Templesmith pronounces them Victors, he just stands there. Waiting to feel it. The elation. Instead he feels nothing. Nothing. Crickets chirp in his soul. He frowns down at the girl who emerges from the trees and into the sunlight. He is literally more than twice her size. She barely comes up to his chest. The thickest part of her arm is smaller than his wrist. She couldn't tip the scale at seventy pounds soaking wet. She looks up at him, big brown eyes wide with fright, and a single tear escapes and makes its way down her cheek. He doesn't understand why. He's not going to kill her, after all. He doesn't have the energy to, and even if he did, the Capitol won't let him. It's only months later, after their Victory tour, that he realizes it's because he's still holding the sword, wet with blood, that he has just used to kill her district partner. xxxxxxxxxx He doesn't remember any of the post-games festivities. He doesn't remember the interview. He doesn't remember the crowning. When he watches the footage a couple months later, he sees that during his interview he simply sits there in cold stony silence, except when they ask him a question, and then he is curt and brusque and he says exactly what they expect him to say. He doesn't even acknowledge the existence of his little co-victor, who presses her back into the cushions as far as she can and hunches her shoulders forward and looks up at the replay above them with eyes full of tears. They all think he is angry because she stole part of his glory. He doesn't care enough about anything to correct their assumption. xxxxxxxxxx On the first night of the tour he hears her cry for the first time, through the wall that separates his room from hers. He lays there for a while, thinking she'll stop anytime now. But she doesn't. He's annoyed. Why doesn't Seeder get up and do something about this? Oh. That's right. She's hard of hearing. Why doesn't Brutus get up and do something about this? Oh. That's right. He's passed out drunk. And so the boy from 2, with a tired sigh, gets up from his bed and makes his way down the hall to Seeder's room. He knocks on the door. And when she doesn't answer, he remembers, again, that she's hard of hearing, so he turns the knob and he walks in and he shakes the old woman awake. "She's crying," he says. Then he walks out to the dining car and he pours himself a glass of whiskey. He looks out the window at the tree-covered mountains in the moonlight as the train races past them. This is where the Girl on Fire is from, he realizes. This is where Lover Boy is from. Trash he thinks automatically. But there's no conviction in the thought anymore. There's no contempt. It's just a word, five letters long, that Brutus and Enobaria and Lyme and all of them back in 2 use to describe the people from 12. Trash he repeats to himself. Trash trash trash. After a while it doesn't sound right. It doesn't look right in his head. Is it really a word? Hmm. He downs the whiskey and pours himself another glass. On the way back to his room, he passes hers. The door is cracked and he glances inside. Seeder is sitting on the edge of the bed, her thumbs on the little girl's face, brushing away the tears. She hands her a glass of water and the little girl props herself up on her elbow and drinks it down with a slurp at the end. Seeder takes the glass and sets it on the nightstand. She tucks a curl that has gotten in the way behind the little girl's ear. The little girl lays back down. Seeder leans forward and presses a kiss to her forehead, and then she tucks her back in and takes her hand in between both of hers. The boy from 2 returns to his room. xxxxxxxxxx In 12 he makes the mistake of looking at the families of Girl on Fire and Loverboy, and a black cord of pain forms in his body and stretches itself from the center of the top of his skull down to his groin. It twists and tightens. It makes his head burn, it makes his stomach clench. The pressure begins to build up. He needs to cry to release it. Or scream. Or punch something. But the cord is trapped in that white bubble of apathy that inflated inside of him at the end of his games. It can't get out. He can't cry. He can't scream. He can't punch anything. So he finds an alternative. There's an access panel in the ceiling of his bedroom. When he slides it aside, he sees the steel beams that reinforce the roof of the train in the event that they somehow derail and roll over. He finds a rope in a maintenance car. He goes to dinner. He returns to his room at dusk, and he slides his down the wall until he reaches the floor. He sets the rope down beside him. He leans his head back and closes his eyes. And all he sees are the faces of their families. Girl on Fire's and Loverboy's. He reaches for the rope, only to feel the soft carpet beneath his hand, and when he opens his eyes, it isn't there. "If you wanted to die, why didn't you just do it in the arena and let someone else live?" The little girl's voice startles him, and he whips his head to his left to find her perched on the mantle, the rope in her hand. "How did you-?" "I feel guilty too you know." "I don't feel guilty," he lies. "And anyway, you didn't kill anyone. What do you have to feel guilty about?" She shrugs. "Another girl would be alive if I had died. Katniss died trying to protect me. And I showed her the tracker jacker nest when you treed her, and she used it to kill the girls from 1 and 4." Her words puncture his bubble, releasing some of his pressure, and a strand of anger (and, if he's honest with himself, embarrassment) escapes from the cord and out of the perforation . " You did that?" he growls. " You showed her the nest? I got fucking stung by those things." "I know," she says. "I stole your knife too." "My knife?" "During training. You thought the boy from 6 stole it. But it was me." She slips off the mantle and lands soundlessly on the carpet, and then she tosses the rope onto the easy chair. "Do what you want I guess but twenty-two people didn't die so you could hang yourself on your Victory Tour." And then she's gone. She showed Firegirl the nest. She stole my knife. That little bitch showed Firegirl the nest. She stole my knife . He picks up the crystal pitcher of water on his nightstand and hurls it at the mirror. The pitcher shatters. The mirror cracks and some of the pieces fall onto the mantle. He slides back down the wall until he reaches the floor. She stole my knife . He almost smiles. xxxxxxxxxx He hears her crying again that night. So he gets out of bed and he goes down the hall and he shakes Seeder awake. "She's crying," he says. He goes to the dining car and pours himself a drink. On his way back to his room, he passes hers. Seeder repeats her actions from the night before. In exactly the same order. The boy from 2 returns to his room. He will do this every night until the end of their tour. xxxxxxxxxx "So you stole my knife," he says to her the next day after breakfast, as they wait on the platform of the train station in 11 for the car to come pick them up. "Yep," she says blithely. "All you had to do was look up, and you would have seen me in the climbing net above you. Holding your knife. Thresh saw it. He smiled." Another strand of anger (and, if he's honest with himself, embarrassment) escapes from the cord. But it's not directed at her for some reason. He's confused. He doesn't understand. He picks up a rock and hurls it at one of the rusted ties and his anger dissipates at the metallic thunk that it makes when it hits. Was he mad at Thresh? No, he decides. He was mad at himself. He looks at the little girl. A sudden breeze takes hold of her hair and her skirt, and she tilts herself up on her toes, with her arms slightly extended to her sides, as if ready to take wing at the slightest sound. She reminds him of a bird. xxxxxxxxxx That night, after dinner, the Avoxes serve them bowls of warm peach crisp over cold vanilla ice cream. Her face lights up. Her eyes are luminous. "This is amazing," she whispers as she puts the spoon to her lips for a second time."Mmmmmm." He eyes her with confusion. She has worked in the orchards since her little fingers were nimble enough to pluck the fruit from the trees. "You'd think you'd never tasted a peach before," he says with a hint of disdain. "I haven't," she says, her words muffled by the spoon in her mouth. "What do you mean you haven't?" She removes the spoon. "We're not allowed to eat the peaches. Have you tasted one before?" "Yeah." He shrugs. He doesn't understand. "Lucky," she breathes and clucks her tongue. "We're not allowed to eat the peaches," she repeats. "Or the plums. Sometimes the apples. Sometimes." A Peacekeeper steps toward her just as Seeder clears her throat and gives the little girl a warning look. Another strand of anger escapes from his cord. He stands up slowly from his chair, drawing himself up to his full height. He clenches his fists and he lowers his chin, like a bull about to charge, and he fixes his eyes on the Peacekeeper. The Peacekeeper, clearly intimidated, steps back. The boy from 2 lifts his chin and unclenches his fists and sits back down, slowly. The little girl looks at him with wide eyes. He picks up his spoon and scoops up some crisp and some ice cream, and he puts it in his mouth. He closes his eyes and imagines it is the first time he's ever tasted a peach. It tastes like heaven. It's warm and juicy and luscious and it contrasts wonderfully