A/N: Hellllooooo everybody! Now most of you who've read this already know Sparrow's secret, so I decided it was time to listen to some of your criticism and shape up! Seriously, I didn't realize how bad some of those chapters were until I went back and read them a few days ago; you all were so nice to read such literary garbage and not flame me for it! Anyways, here is the new and improved Betrayal: ^^^^^^BEGIN^^^^^^ It was a cool night; stars danced high in the sky above Gandalf the Grey's sparkling fireworks, Hobbits danced merrily and drank more than they probably should have. But it was okay for such a momentous occasion as this: Bilbo Baggins' eleventy-first, 111, birthday. Everyone enjoyed themselves and laughed until they could barely stand. Everyone, that is, except a certain Frodo Baggins. Now, don't get me wrong, Frodo was enjoying himself, just not as much as he should be. For one, parties were never really his thing; he slightly wished he could be back at Bag End in his nice soft bed, reading about brave knights, fierce dragons, and - most importantly - Elves . As I said, though, he was still having a grand time, but he felt it would be better if he could only find his close friend who had been sick in bed for the past two months. Frodo jumped when a hand fell on his shoulder, pulling him out of his thoughts. "Mr. Frodo," came the voice of Samwise Gamgee, a sturdily build Hobbit lad whose hands and mop of dirty blonde hair always seemed to be dirty because of all the time he spent gardening. "Is something wrong?" "All is well, Sam." he replied, taking a swig of sweet ale from the mug Samwise was offering him. "It's just I haven't..." Frodo trailed off. Sam nodded knowingly. "You shouldn't worry, Mr. Frodo; she'll come . The half of the Shire that wasn't invited wouldn't miss this, why would she?" Frodo sighed. "Of course, you're right. It's been so long since we last saw her." "Not her fault she came down with a terrible fever." Frodo chuckled. "Do you remember how she reacted when we told her she needed to stay in bed?" The gardener let out a little laugh, too. "Of course! If she could've, she would have killed me with that glare of hers." The dark-haired Hobbit turned to his servant suddenly, a thought striking him like lightening. "Sam, have you seen Pippin?" "Last I saw him he was having a drink with Mr. Merry. Why?" Frodo nodded. Of course Peregrin Took was with his best friend, Meriadoc Brandybuck; the two were inseparable. "Pip would know where she is!" Sam was about to reply, then caught something out of the corner of his eye. "Rosie Cotton," he whispered dreamily, staring at the lovely golden-haired lass. "Go ask her to dance." Frodo said with a little nudge, but Sam shook his head and looked into his empty mug. "I think I'll just go get myself another ale..." Sam said it as if he were trying to convince himself rather than Frodo that he wasn't going to. Frodo caught his arm as the gardener stood. "I'm not letting you do something you'll regret." Frodo explained, pushing Sam towards the lass. Rosie caught Sam's hand, said a few words to him, then the two were just another couple among all the dancing Halflings. Frodo laughed again and set out to find Pippin. It took a good fifteen minutes, but he eventually found both Merry and Pippin. Both were covered in soot and washing dishes grudgingly. "Oi," Frodo called, "Pip, is your sister here?" Pip thought for a moment then said, "Last I saw her, she was dancing with Fatty. But you know how lads get when she's around," Frodo let out a little scoff. His friend was exceedingly beautiful and, while he could respect that, he never really found her romantically appealing. Other men, though... Pippin continued: "And now that she's well, it seems every lad in Hobbiton-" "Every lad in all the Shire, more like." Merry interrupted. Pip agreed with a nod, but otherwise ignored him. "They've all seemed to realize life is short. Now they're all trying to win her affection. Just imagine next year when she comes of age, think of all the broken-hearted Hobbits she'll leave in her wake." "They shouldn't have gone chasing a lass that's too good for them." Merry said and took a swig of his drink. "Hear, hear." Frodo groaned. As if tracking her down wasn't hard enough. Now he had to get through a line of moony hobbits. Still, he thanked them and set off to find the only person he seemed incapable of finding. It wasn't long before he came to one of the makeshift pavilions set up for the party. It was pretty far on the outskirts of the party, very few Hobbits came this far from the merriment, making it an ideal place for someone to hide. And - of course, since it was a hiding spot - there sat the lass much sought after: Sparrow Took. Sparrow was somewhat of an oddity in the Shire; she was tall and lanky like Frodo, whom she was an inch shorter than - another thing he never let her live down, just like his being older. The only thing on her fair skin was a spattering of brown freckles splayed across her nose and cheekbones and deep forest green eyes which always had a joyful light in them. A thing that made her stand out more than her height and her almost unearthly beauty was the mane of curling, fiery red that hung down to the base of her shoulder blades. Now I'm sure you are all wondering about the two's relationship, so I will give you a bit of history: Sparrow and Frodo had been best friends since the latter had moved to Hobbiton. The two had taken to having tea at Bag End, then they would go explore the woodlands around Hobbiton, much to Mrs. Tooks displeasure. Sparrow's father was Thain of the Shire and Eglantine thought that exploring - a most unexpected pass-time for any Hobbit, even Tooks, who were often associated with adventures - was an unacceptable way for a child of the Thain to act. But the only reason they ever got in trouble for was coming home past curfew. Sometimes, though, they would play a game they made up, called Tig, in the marketplace, running around and giggling as they yelled over their shoulders, "Catch me if you can!" Often knocking over carts, produce, and even the occasional other Hobbit. All in all, they had been pretty mischievous young Hobbits. In fact, one of their favorite memories together was one of their worst scoldings. They had just finished one of their most exciting games of Tig and it was not long before Mrs. Took found out about the havoc they had caused. And so, they found themselves being dragged by their ears to Bag End. The whole while Mrs. Took was muttering things like, "I though you two were raised better better," and "Honestly, do you two know what a muck you caused in the marketplace?" And so on. Once at Bag End, the two were sat down as Eglantine and Bilbo spoke in hushed voices. After a quarter of an hour of sitting in silence, the Took and Baggins still discussing a punishment, Frodo whispered, "We should do this again, it was fun." Sparrow had to stifle a disbelieving scoff. "Do you realize how much trouble we'll get in?!" she made it sound like she was complaining, but Frodo knew Sparrow better than that: even the thought of causing trouble exhilarated her. "Mum and Da already think you're a bad influence on me. If Mum finds us again, she might not let me spend my afternoons with you. They don't seem to realize most our schemes are my ideas." she added in a hushed tone just to be safe. "We could go out to the forest?" The lad suggested and Sparrow gasped, practically bouncing out of her seat as a thought came to her: "We could bring Sam!" Frodo furrowed his brow to show his confusion. "Why would we do that? He might get in trouble because of us, and then, he being the kind lad he is, would take the entire blame. We would be free and he would be grounded. We couldn't do that to him!" "That's exactly why we're taking him!" Frodo's frown deepened. "So we can be horrible people?" he asked slowly. Sparrow shook her head in frustration. "No, so he keeps us out of trouble!" she explained rather loudly, though neither Eglantine or Bilbo noticed. "Oh!" Frodo exclaimed. "That's perfect! Sam won't let us do anything wrong, we won't get in trouble, and your mother will think better of me." he finished with a grin. Sparrow nodded to show that was what she had been thinking all along. They spit on their palms and shook hands to seal the deal, then Mrs. Took and Bilbo came into the room. That day they got the worst scoldings and punishment they would ever get, but to this day they agree it was completely worth it. The next day, the trio did go off into the woods; but Frodo still got in trouble, as he came home soaking wet. But that is a story for another day, and it is high time we finished this one: "Sparrow!" Frodo called, rushing to her and embracing her tightly. He heard Sparrow chuckle in his ear. "Now, now," she whispered jestingly. "You're going to make the other lads jealous." Frodo pulled back, a hand still resting on the redhead's shoulder. "Oh come off it. I haven't seen you in ages, am I not allowed to be glad that you're well?" This time Sparrow let out a loud, hearty laugh as she rolled her eyes. "Honestly, by the looks you're giving me, you'd think I died and came back to life!" The lad mimicked her eye movement. He tapped her shoulder lightly with the tips of his fingers and stated tauntingly, "Tig." Then sprinted off. Sparrow threw her hands up in exasperation, calling after him, "You haven't seen me for months, and this is the first thing you do?!" She scoffed, chuckled as she thought about how glad she was that she wasn't ill any more, and chased after him. Frodo ran swiftly to where Pippin and Merry were still washing dishes, Gandalf sitting next to them smoking his pipe. Frodo dived under a clothed table as he yelled to them, "I'm not here!" Of course, when Sparrow came looking for the dark-haired lad and Merry and Pippin said in unison to inquiry of where he was, "He's not here," she knew immediately where he was. So Frodo thought it fitting to make a spectacular entrance: he jumped out from under the white tablecloth and tackled Sparrow, who let out a squeal of surprise. "You - bloody - git!" Sparrow yelled as she tried to push Frodo off her. He was most adamant about staying where he was. Finally, when Sparrow gave up, he jumped off her, took her hand and helped her stand. Sparrow wiped grassy dirt off her green and yellow dress, took one long look at the lad, then asked, "You're drunk, aren't you?" Frodo gave her a lopsided, obviously intoxicated grin. " Noooo ," he said, dragging out the single syllable, then continued indecisively with a shrug to match: "Maybe just a little bit." Sparrow shook her head and scoffed, but before she could comment Frodo took her hand in his and put his other one on her waist and the two started to twirl to the music. "So how was bed?" Frodo asked, his quirky grin still on. Sparrow had to note he was quite a good dancer. "Oh,