AN: After Watching the lastes film and request from friends I've decided to write four chapters before the new year, enjoy :) I am in the woods, not the woods from back home in District Seven I grow up in or the woods around District Twelve I have come to love while Katniss and I hunt together these woods are foreign to me somewhere I have never been before. To make things worse it is night and there is no moon, no stars and a thick fog surrounds me making it imposable for me to get a bearing on where I am. I have been lost for hours wondering through this endless woods and unyielding fog, my feet are covered in blisters and aching from the walk but I can't stop, as much as I want to I know I must keep moving and escape these woods. To make things worse I have no idea how I got here, if I know that then I could easily retrace my steps and find my way out of here. But I don't, the last thing I remember is laying in front of the fire with Katniss drifting off to sleep well her head gently rests on my lap. I don't know how I could have gone from there to here, from enjoying the feeling of Katniss's breath on my legs to wondering in the woods, from stroking Katniss's soft beautiful hair to feeing like pulling my own hair out and from enjoy my hard fought life with the girl I love to wounding where the hell I am. If someone can tell me I would very much appreciate it. I continue to walk but still fail to find anything over then trees and fog, I can't hear anything ever just the sound of my own breathing and footsteps. But I know I am not alone, don't ask me how I know I just know that someone or something is out there watching me and waiting for its chance to attack. I can't see or hear it but I can sense its presence, call it instinct, a gut feeling or paranoia if you like but I know it's not my imagination and that there is something out there. I start to run as I sense whatever is out there getting closer, despite the pain in my feet turning into agony I run and keep on running in spite of the pain. I know it's out there whatever it is, I still can't see it but that same instinct that first alerted me to its presence is telling me it's closing in. I snap my head from side to side as I run but see nothing but fog and trees, it's out there somewhere but I just can't see it. That's the worst thing about this situation that I know something or someone is chasing me and not be able to see who or what they are, my mind goes into overdrive as I run. My mind now is my worst enemy, my mind is now filled with terrifying monsters and now I am scared. In my mind I see trolls, werewolf's, giant bats and spiders chasing me, I know it's just my imagination but those thoughts are so really and detailed that I can't help but fear they are true. Unfortunately I can't keep moving, my lung burn and my feet hurt so badly that I am considering chopping them off if it will end the pain I'm in. I stop in my tracks gasping for air and covered in sweat, I feel my heart pounding in my chest not only because of the run but also out of fear. Fear of whatever is out there, fear of the things my mind thinks are out there and fear because I sense whatever it is out there is closing in on me to end my life. I turn around to look and try and spot whatever is chasing me but I see nothing but trees and fog around me, right now all I want to know is what I am up against so I can fight it. What is out there? What does it want with me? Where the hell am I? These questions bounce around my mind joining those imagines of horrifying monsters I think our hiding in the fog and trees as I look all-around me, where is that bastard and what is he, she or it waiting for? "Show yourself!" I yell as I try and spot what I know is out there, I can't stand it. I can't stand standing here and waiting for what's out there to make their move, I hate not being able to do anything but wait. "Stop hiding and face me!" "Lisa!" I hear a pain filled scream call to me, my blood freezes and my heart stops. That voice belongs to Katniss, I clench my fists and run towards the voice of the girl I love. They better not have hurt her or I swear to god I will slaughter whatever it is that's out her and they will be fearing me, as I run all my fear and pain disappears as I run to be replaced by anger and worry. Worry for Katniss, anger for whatever made her voice so full of pain. "Lisa!" "Katniss!" I yell back as I run feeling my body being scratched all-over by tree branches that appear from nowhere out of this thick fog. "Katniss I'm coming!" "Lisa Help!" Katniss continue to call out her voice filling more and more with pain with each syllable I hear her speak. "Please Lisa help?" "Hold on Katniss I'm coming!" I shout as I get nearer to Katniss's agonising calls, I run and run but now Katniss doesn't call back. "Katniss!" Silence. "Katniss talk to me!" More silence and no I'm worried, oh god please be ok Katniss. "Kat..." I enter a clearing and stop in my tracks at what I see, I see Katniss lying face down with a large bloody hole in her back. "Katniss!" I call out as I run but Katniss doesn't even move, I reach Katniss and roll her over. "Katniss" I almost whispered as I see Katniss's beautiful grey eyes have dulled becoming lifeless, I was too late, Katniss is dead and I could save her. "I'm sorry" "Severs her right" I hear a hate filled voice wickedly say as I stare into Katniss's eyes, that voice. I will kill who ever that voice belongs to. "You fucking bastard!" I yell at the voice throwing a stone in the general direction of where that cruel voice came from, in return all I get is the most evil laughter possible. "Do you think your tough hiding in the shadows like a coward? Come out and fight me!" "As you wish" The voice whispers from behind me so close that I can feel its evil breath on my ear, its over before I can react. I feel a cold piece of steel enter my back, I look down and see a long thin blade poking out of my stomach. "Don't worry you won't die just yet" The voice laughs as I fall to the ground with my face landing only inches away from Katniss's lifeless one. "I wouldn't want you to miss what ii do to Prim" "Lisa" I hear Katniss's voice once again, I must be hearing thing Katniss is dead. "Lisa!" I hear her voice again but this time her lifeless face say those words, this can't be real I must be seeing and hearing things because of the sword still inside my stomach. "Lisa!" Again Katniss calls only this time a white light appears blinding me. "Lisa!" I jolt awake quickly sitting up, it was a dream right? I look to my left and find my answer, I find Katniss's face just inches away from my own looking as beautiful as always. I must be alive and that was just a dream, but with Katniss next to me this could easily be heaven. "Katniss" I say staring into her gorgeous grey eyes and noticing worry in their beauty. "Lisa are you ok?" Katniss asks quickly pulling me into a hug, this must be heaven I think losing myself in Katniss's warmth and the great feeling hugging Katniss creates within me. "You were having a nightmare and kept calling out my name" "I dreamt we were in a fog filled forest on a pitch black night" I tell her shivering at the memory but never letting go of Katniss, the warmth from her hug is what I need right now. "I heard you calling to me in agony and when I found you, you were..." I can't say it, just thinking about it is painful. "Then a man stabbed me from behind telling me not to die until I see what he was going to do with Prim" "It's ok" Katniss replies breaking the hug instantly making my body beg for her warmth to return, but before I can complain Katniss presses her lips gentle to mine. The kiss is short, sweet and over too quickly, so quickly in fact that I pull her back and kiss her again. "I'm alive and so are you and Prim, no one will hurt us" Katniss tells me as we break our kiss. "It was just a nightmare, a horrible nightmare but just a nightmare" "I know but..." I say shivering. "It just seems so real" "I know I have them too" Katniss reminds me, I know she has nightmares and it's horrible to watch her screaming and trashing about. But she's right, they aren't real they are just part of us now. "But we get through them together" Katniss kiss's me again. "We have before and will continue to do so" "We have" I say relaxing. "And will" "Now it's too early to get up" Katniss says using her hand to gentle lo me down so I am laying on the chair, Katniss quickly grabs the blanket we were snuggling under early and returns pulling the blanket up to cover us. We make ourselves comfortable laying on our sides with Katniss's back to me, I wrap my arms around her and can smell her hair. I love the smell of Katniss's hair especially as it is right now with none of that Capital hair products just the natural smell of Katniss, I love holding Katniss so closely that we can feel each other's heartbeats and I love just being her next to Katniss, there's nothing like the feeling I get when Katniss is near. "So let's get some more sleep" "So good to me" I reply closing my eyes enjoying the feeling and smell of Katniss next to me. I fall into a peaceful sleep where I dream of my home back in District Seven, back with my loving father and horrible mother when I was still a kid. I dreamt of my thirteenth birthday where my parents mainly my dad brought me a massive chocolate cake that was delicious and gave me a bike that my dad found and repaired himself, the bike didn't last long though as my mother disposed of it two days after my birthday saying I had no use for something so useless. I bet she was jealous thought, I think she was mad that my dad spent a week repairing that bike for me while he has never done the same for her. My birthday was still great though, Johanna taught me how to throw an axe which terrified my parent when it turned out I had a talent for it, Blight accidently gave me my first taste of alcohol by mixing up Johanna's vodka and coal with my just coal, I didn't drink much snice I told my dad my drink didn't taste right but I still had some. I didn't have much friends so no one my own age