A/N: Hi guys! This is a new story I started working on a few days ago. I'm thinking it'll have five chapters. This is my first go at Scorpius/Rose, but I also threw in some Dramione for the hell of it. I hope you enjoy it! MACUSA - Magical Congress of the United States of America, the american equivalent of the Ministry of Magic, as revealed in Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them. Sidenote: It is mentioned in Harry Potter and the Cursed Child that Hermione was elected Minister of Magic in the year 2019. I've decided not to incorporate this into the story (because I sort of really hated that book, but that's neither here nor there), but rather keep her in the DMLE. Fandom: Harry Potter Era: Next Generation Timeline: Christmas 2023 Pairing: Rose Weasley / Scorpius Malfoy Songs: Santa, Baby – Michael Bublé Blue Christmas – Michael Bublé Repeat – Young The Giant Doing Good – Milky Chance Tunnel Vision – Justin Timberlake The Scientist – Corinne Bailey Rae Mistletoe & Holly Or Santa, Baby (December 24th – 9:07am – Granger-Malfoy Household – Manchester) "Rose? Merlin's beard, are you still sleeping?" Hermione's voice rang out in her bedroom, but the younger witch's response merely came out as a groan. "What was that?" "I said, ' I'm trying' ." "Well, stop trying," said her mother. "What is it?" Rose said, barely opening an eye to glance at her mother. "I need you lot to help me finish decorating before everyone gets here." Rose heard her footsteps cross the room in the direction of the window. A moment later, she pulled the drapes and light flooded the room. " Mum! It burns!" "Stop being so dramatic." "I'm not," said Rose, sitting up and rubbing her eyes. "It really does burn." "Well, that's because you've been wallowing in here like a hermit and haven't seen the sun in the last five days." Rose looked up at her. Hermione Granger (she'd never taken Ron's name) didn't look her age. She'd turned forty-four in September, but barely looked a day over thirty-five. She was wrinkle free, with her characteristic brown curls (that Rose had inherited in an auburn shade— thanks Weasley genes ) and her knowing golden eyes, identical to her daughter's, that looked at Rose with a mixture of disapproval and sympathy. "Honestly, love, he's not worth any of this." Rose sighed—rather pathetically, if you asked her—and Hermione sat down at the foot of the bed. "I know, Mum." I'll give you the short version of Rose's romantic failure story: In her fifth year, she had begun seeing a bloke named Aiden Corner, a Ravenclaw a year above her. He was prefect and later Head Boy, tall, dark hair, dreamy, honey-colored eyes, the whole sh-bang. And just before the summer holidays, he'd been offered a job at the MACUSA, in the Body for Protection of Magical Species. He'd left for New York at the end of the summer and they had continued their relationship long-distance for the past three and a half months, until just a week ago. Rose had been packing her trunk for the Christmas holidays when he decided to inform her via owl that he felt it was best if they didn't continue their relationship, because it had become a burden for him and—get this—he felt their fourteen months age gap was too much, that she was still very immature and was holding him back. That motherfucker. "That boy will regret this later on," her mother was saying. "He'll come crawling back like a maggot, you'll see." Rose managed a smile. Hermione had never liked Aiden. No matter how many times he corrected her, she insisted on calling him Cormac, for some reason Rose never understood, but it amused her Uncle Harry to no end. "Now, get up," said her mother. "The mistletoe isn't hanging itself." "Are we really putting that up?" Rose said, disgusted. "It's tradition, Rose." "It's a poisonous plant that isn't even remotely pretty, Mum. I much prefer holly." Hermione smirked. "Well, Ms. Cynicism, the holly isn't going to hang itself either. Come downstairs, Draco's made breakfast for all of us." Rose groaned. "Rose Ginevra…" Hermione said warningly. "It's not that, Mum," she said, getting up and fetching her dressing gown. "You know I like Draco, I really do. It's his offspring I've got a problem with." "Just behave," said Hermione, heading for the door. "And maybe we'll all make it through this holiday in one piece." "I will if he does," Rose shrugged. Rose's parents had gone through a very high-profile divorce when she was twelve. The whole thing had been a massive scandal that plastered every newspaper and magazine in Wizarding England, what with her dad being caught red-handed with an old flame of his: Lavender Brown, who had married Seamus Finnegan after the war and whose daughter, Briony, had gone to Hogwarts with Harry and Ginny's eldest son, James. That incident drew a rift between Ron and the rest of the family, and threw them all back into the public eye. Draco Malfoy and his ex-wife Astoria (whom Rose had never actually met but he and his son called the harpy ) went through a divorce very similar to Ron and Hermione's, but in his case it was the witch that was caught eating from someone else's dinner plate, if you catch my meaning. Much to everyone's surprise, Hermione had begun dating her childhood nemesis and long-time coworker at the Department of Magical Law Enforcement two years prior. Rose had been doubtful at first, but eventually warmed up to him and so did Hugo, and they all got on wonderfully with the wizard now, particularly since Draco had moved in with them this past summer—with the aforementioned offspring in tow. Scorpius. That little ferret. Draco Malfoy's only son was, at least physically, the spitting image of his father. Platinum blonde hair, steel grey eyes, flawless skin and a toned physique he owed to almost five years of playing Seeker for his house team. He was in Rose's year at Hogwarts, and not only that—he was Head Boy. Oh, yes. Not only were their parents dating, not only did they have to live together when they were away from Hogwarts, not only did they play the same position on opposing Quidditch teams, they also had to work together nearly constantly. He'd been sorted into Slytherin along with Albus, and the two had become fast friends. But despite the fact that Albus and Rose were quite close, the younger Malfoy and she had never managed to properly get along for more than five minutes at a time. She thought he was an absolute tosser, a no-good troublemaker who got on her nerves. He thought she was a stuck-up prig, a walking wet blanket who lived and breathed to make his life hell. And now they were all spending the Christmas holidays under one roof. Goodie. After a quick stop in the loo to brush her teeth, Rose followed the smell of breakfast downstairs and into the kitchen, where Hermione was serving coffee into several mugs on the counter. Draco, clad in an honest-to-God apron, was tending to a pan of eggs and some flatcakes on the stove, and Hugo and the Ferret were sitting at the table, in the middle of a discussion about last nights' England – Germany football match (an interest that both father and son had taken up since Draco had begun seeing Hermione), this morning's paper between them. "Good morning, everyone," she said. Draco turned to her. "Oh good, you're up. I put some bacon on for you, would you like some?" Rose smiled and nodded, taking a seat at the table next to Hugo. Scorpius' attention was drawn from his discussion with Hugo and he turned to his father. "Oi, why aren't you offering me any bacon?" Draco cocked an eyebrow at his son. "Because you're allergic, smartarse. And as much as I think Rose would enjoy it, I'm pretty certain that it's frowned upon to murder your only son by feeding him food he's allergic to." "Damn it," Rose pretended to frown. "It's alright, Draco, I can share mine with him. We don't have to tell anyone." Draco laughed, setting the flatcakes, eggs, toast and a steaming plate of bacon down in the center of the table before taking a seat next to Scorpius. "No, it's alright, Rosie . You can have your bacon," Scorpius said. "We all know we need to finish fattening you up if you're going to be ready for dinner tomorrow night." "Charming, Scorp, really," she said, helping herself to breakfast. "Pray tell, how is it that you managed to date Francesca if you're allergic to pork?" "Okay, bringing up my history with Zabini is just low, Weasley," he said, but he smiled nonetheless, buttering his toast. "Oh, but Porkchops is such a lovely girl," Rose smirked. "Shame her nose is shaped the way it is, though. But love is blind, or so they say." "I was young and foolish," Scorpius defended. "Much like you , when you thought dating the most boring, vapid, airheaded bloke Hogwarts had to offer was a good idea." "I may not have the best memory, Malfoy, but I'm pretty sure I'd never stoop so low as to date you ." The blond snorted rather inelegantly. "You should be so lucky. But no, really, I have half a mind to write Corner and ask him how he managed to trick the Sorting Hat into placing him in Ravenclaw." Rose almost laughed at that, Aiden not being her favorite person at the moment, but managed to keep a straight face. She turned to Draco, holding up a forkful of bacon. "Are you sure you don't want me to feed him any of this? I can make it look like an accident." "Be my guest," said Draco with a smirk. " Dad! " Hermione snorted, setting down a cup of coffee in front of Rose before taking her seat. "Don't encourage them, Draco," she said to the elder wizard, who looked amused by the two teenagers. "No no, by all means, carry on," cut in Hugo, his blue eyes dancing with mirth. "It'll be fun to see if they'll actually have an honest go at each other one of these days and we get to watch an inspiring duel to the death or something." His mother narrowed her eyes at him. "Hugo Alexander…" "What?" he answered, his mouth full of food. "If you all are quite done with your bickering," she went on. "I need you two," she pointed at Scorpius and Rose, "to help me decorate once you finish your breakfast, everyone is coming around at two. And you," she glanced at Hugo, "are going down to the bakery to pick up the cakes for dessert." Hugo gaped at her. "In that ?" he asked, gesturing to the snowfall outside. "Why can't I stay and decorate with this lot?" "I'm sorry," Hermione said, not a hint of mercy in her tone. "I wasn't aware that you were allowed to do magic at sixteen. I need Scorpius and Rose to stay because it'll take a lot less time with three wands." Hugo groaned. "Besides," she went on, the smallest inkling of a smile creeping on her face. "Draco will take you in the car. You have to stop by the liquor store for drinks as well." Hugo looked over to Draco, his mouth gaping. "You let me think she was sending me out in the snow!" Draco laughed. "If you promise not to crash it, I'll let you drive." "Say goodbye to your car, then," Rose deadpanned and they all laughed except a scowling Hugo. ( Blue Christmas – December 24th – 2:34pm – Granger-Malfoy Household – Manchester) Rose just finished slipping into her dress, checking her reflection when a knock sounded on the door to her room. "Come in!"