A/N: Just a one-shot I wrote on a whim. A little darker than my usual stuff, but I'm very happy with how it turned out. Hope you enjoy it. This is a Warfic - AU where Voldemort is not defeated in 1998. Canon compliant until the end of Half-Blood Prince. Songs: My Skin – Natalie Merchant (for Hermione) 9 Crimes – Damien Rice (for Draco) Disclaimer: Any recognizable names, characters and places belong to JK Rowling. (February 1st, 2003 – Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix - 12 Grimmauld Place, London) She finds him in the kitchen a few minutes after three in the morning, smoking a cigarette with his good arm and staring blankly at the roaring fireplace. An overflowing ashtray sits on the table to his right, and the smell of nicotine engulfs any other possible smell, making her nostrils tingle as she lingers in the doorway. The first time she'd seen him smoke was six years prior; two and a half months after he'd arrived in Grimmauld Place, when he'd first felt comfortable enough to ask that Andromeda bring him back cigarettes when the witch left to get supplies, explaining that they calmed his nerves. As she watches right side of his head, his platinum locks cut short; she remembers the circumstances in which he arrived at the House. (July 6th, 1997) McGonagall is the one who brings him in, amid whispers from the younger members of Dumbledore's Army and even a few protests. To say that he's been a mess would be sugar-coating it; his skin is a patchwork of bruises and blood in vivid Technicolor, and he's unconscious when they bring him into the house, bloodied, battered and with more broken bones than they can count. Ron and Harry and the twins object, saying that it's a trap, but McGonagall silences them and assures the others that he was brought to her by a reliable source that works as a spy for the Order, that he's been tortured for four days as a result of his failure to kill Dumbledore, and that he had consented to being brought to them, even asked, as Voldemort had ordered his mother be killed just before he was taken away to the dungeons of Malfoy Manor from where he'd been rescued. The traumatized sight of him when he's carried into the house is such that something breaks inside her, and she is unable to speak during the entire time the older members of the Order decide to let him stay. As Kingsley gently levitates his unconscious form into the unused dining room where they can work, Andromeda and Tonks make to follow him and assist in healing the boy. And she gets to her feet, following them. When Tonks turns and gives her a questioning look, she simply blinks. "I want to help," she says. The damage done to him is appalling and frankly, it threatens to overwhelm her at first. For the first few hours, all that's heard is commands from Kingsley and Andromeda and muttered healing spells and the sound of Pain Potion and healing potions being poured down his throat. Then, the others are momentarily distracted with discussing the proper amount of Blood-Replenishing Potion to give him, and he opens his eyes for only a moment when she's pouring drops of dittany on his left forearm; the Death Eaters had skinned it to cut out his Dark Mark. "Granger?" His voice is hoarse and brittle, barely a whisper, and she might never have caught it if she hadn't been so close. "Malfoy," she says, pausing in her motions. "Am I dead?" he asks, his eyes fluttering, and it almost breaks her heart. "No," she whispers. "You're with the Order. You're safe, alright?" His sigh of relief and the lone tear that leaks out of the corner of his left eye, leaving a gleaming trail of salt in the blood on his temple, are the only signs she gets that he even heard her before he falls unconscious once more. (July 9th, 1997) "Is he going to live?" McGonagall asks, on the third day after bringing him in, when Hermione and the others have healed him to the best of their ability. Tonks is in the kitchen brewing more potions, but Hermione and Andromeda have yet to leave his side. Kingsley is with Mad-Eye nearby in the drawing room, talking to a group of defected Slytherins who arrived in McGonagall's office at Hogwarts barely an hour prior, running for their lives and begging to be accepted into the Order; no doubt as a result of Draco's unceremonious disappearance: Blaise Zabini, Theodore Nott, Millicent Bulstrode and the Greengrass sisters, Daphne, who is the same age as Hermione, and Astoria, who is in Ginny's year at Hogwarts. Andromeda nods. "We've done all we can," she says, looking down on the broken, battered shell of her unconscious nephew. "There's nothing to do now but wait for him to wake." "We'll need to find a room for him," the Professor sighs. The other two witches frown. 12 Grimmauld Place isn't a small house, by any means, but due to the recent arrivals and the house's permanent residents, the place is stretched to its limits. There's a moment of silence while the three witches ponder what to do with him, before it is Hermione again who speaks. "He can room with me," she says. Andromeda and McGonagall look at her uncertainly, but she's insistent. "I have the spare bed—he's certainly not in any state to be considered a proper threat, look at him." McGonagall still looks uneasy. "Hermione…" "Look," she says, not even sure why she's bothering with this, but deep down she feels it's the right thing to do. She pushes a stray curl behind her ear. "None of the others are going to take him, and he can't be left down here. Give the two last rooms to the Slytherins, and Malfoy can stay with me. I'll watch him." (July 9th, 1997) "You're going to what ?" Harry has been more accepting of Draco in the past few days, particularly after a talk with Remus and Kingsley. Ron, however, furious when she explains to them that Draco will be staying in her room, unwilling to accept that she will continue to take care of their lifelong nemesis. "It's bad enough that he has to stay here at all!" Ron shouts; the tips of his ears positively scarlet. "Ron, he's defected—" "So he says—" Hermione's eyes narrow. "Do you really think he's going to just turn us over to You-Know-Who or murder me in my sleep after what he's been through?" Ron is temporarily at a loss for words, but he persists. "I don't trust him, 'Mione." "Well, you're going to have to eventually," she says, her tone clipped. "He's one of us now." (July 13th, 1997) They move him to Hermione's room late that night and for the first four days she, Andromeda and Tonks sit with him in shifts. He drifts in and out of consciousness, never staying awake for more than a few seconds, until just after midnight of the seventh day after he was brought to Headquarters. Hermione's dozed off in the armchair by his bed, until she's roused by the sound of her name in a raspy, almost unrecognizable—but distinctly alert—voice. "Granger?" She's awake in an instant, waving her wand to liven the flame of the lone candle on the bedside table, flooding both their faces in golden light that brings the fading bruises on his healing face into sharp relief. "Malfoy—oh, thank Merlin, you're awake." "Where am I?" he croaks out, his brow furrowed in an attempt to bring her face into focus. "Headquarters," she says. "McGonagall brought you in." He nods, as if remembering the circumstances before his arrival with the Order. "I feel like shit," he rasps, and she chuckles, more from relief than amusement. "How long have I been out?" "Almost a week," she answers. "The Portkey from Hogwarts knocked you out pretty efficiently, but there was no other way to move you in that state." He nods, and she catches her lower lip between her teeth before finally asking. "Malfoy, what happened to you?" He frowns, his grey eyes drifting away from her, debating his answer. "Look—I know we've never been anything but enemies to each other. But I'm on your side, alright?" His eyes meet hers again, unabashed surprise and confusion in their depths. "You are?" She nods and when she speaks, her voice trembles slightly. "McGonagall, Kingsley and Andromeda—your aunt—they all believe you really couldn't have gone through with—with killing Dumbledore. They feel you deserve a chance, after what you've been through in the past year. And I do too," she adds cautiously. "You're welcome to stay and fight alongside us. The Order isn't just going to kick you out—whoever rescued you even managed to recover your wand, Mad-Eye has it. But you have to tell me what they did to you." He mulls over her words once more before he finally answers. "After—after I left Hogwarts… They took me to him . To the Dark Lord." She nods, encouraging him to continue. "He was furious, obviously—he said I needed to be punished for my failure. And he—" his voice cracks for a moment, but he keeps at it. "He tortured my mother—the Cruciatus Curse—and made me count the hours and watch. Sixteen ," he all but whispers. "She was nearly mad by the end of it—couldn't even scream anymore." Her eyes are wide, but she says nothing and he keeps going. "Then he got Lucius," he says, and his eyes darken with rage for a second. "And he says 'you have to do it — your entire family will pay for your son's failure' —and he ordered him to—to—" His voice breaks again and there's no mistaking the tears in his eyes this time, or the tears in Hermione's eyes. His voice is barely a whisper. "—and he just did it—he killed her." "Malfoy…" she stretches her fingers to reach for him, offer comfort somehow, but she retracts her hand at the last second and he seems not to have noticed. "Then he had me taken to the dungeons," he says a few seconds later, his voice steadier but unmistakably hollow. "And he ordered me Crucio- ed for the first six hours, but then the Dark Lord decided he wanted me sane, so he ordered that I be beaten—I don't even know how long it was—" "Four days," she says softly. "McGonagall said you were rescued—She wouldn't tell us who brought you to her though. I don't suppose you'll tell us, either." He shakes his head. Hermione expected this; whoever rescued Draco risked a great deal to do so, if he or she was a spy, they wouldn't want their cover blown. "How bad was I?" he asks after a moment. "Honestly?" He nods again and she sighs. "You were—" another sigh "—at first we doubted you'd even make it. Six broken ribs, a dislocated shoulder, a broken ankle, extensive fractures in both legs and upper arms, both wrists broken, a ruptured spleen and a bruised liver, external bruising and gashes on just about your entire body, a skinned forearm," she takes a deep breath before continuing to list his injuries, "a cursed scar on your chest—we've managed to close it up, but it most likely won't fade—a heavy concussion, a bit of nerve damage—probably a side-effect of the Cruciatus Curse, you might have trouble moving around for a few days—and anemia after all those days without food and all the bleeding. We healed you with spells and just about every potion we had at our disposal and Kingsley says you'll make a full recovery; we've just been waiting for you to wake up." He takes a moment to absorb the gravity of her words. "What does it say?" he asks finally. Confusion floods her features. "What?"