A/N: Well, hello there! Yes, I know it's been forever since I've posted anything, but I found myself with a bit of free time on my hands recently and wanted to get back into writing. This is a challenge fic, presented to me by my loving boyfriend to help me stretch my muscles a bit and get back into the habit of writing, and his conditions were: 1) Main pairing: Draco Malfoy x Hermione Granger 2) Ron and Hermione are on good terms with each other; they never got married. 3) Ginny is dating Blaise Zabini. Ginny and Hermione are close friends. 4) The following line must be used: "I don't think I'd be into that." The person who says it must turn out to be very 'into that'. 5) Harry is an Auror, Draco works at the Ministry as an expert/consultant on Dark Magic. They get along well. 6) A Grindylow, Newt Scamander, a tiger and a hippo must appear at some point in the story. 7) There should be black velvet somewhere. There should also be red velvet. 8) Fred is alive and he and George must play a prank on Hermione or challenge her to a dare, which ends up being good for her in the long run. 9) Time frame: around five years after the War. Rated M for profanity and sexual content. The songs mentioned are as follows: Youth - Daughter Pretty Thing – Bo Diddley Kings of the Wild Frontier – Adam & The Ants This'll be a three part fic, I'm thinking. I've already started on Part II, and it and part III will be up as soon as I've finished with them. I hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I own no characters, names or places that you can recognize. All that belongs to JK. I also claim no ownership over any of the songs mentioned. " We're all mortal until the first kiss and the second glass of wine." — Unknown. ( Youth - November 1st, 2003 – Brixton, London) The chill settled heavily around Hermione's shoulders, the heels of her boots tapping briskly on the sidewalk as she walked away from his building. The knot in her throat grew inexplicably tighter, her breath creating small puffs of white smoke in the night air. The street was fairly busy despite the cold, and she registered the chatter of a crowd of muggles exiting the nearby cinema. She decided to walk until she calmed down enough to Apparate to her own flat in Camden, as splinching herself would be less than ideal. She took deep breaths then, watching as the white fog escaped her mouth. She knew he wouldn't follow her, not after all that had just been said, and she couldn't yet decide if that was a good or bad thing. She thought of the look in his eyes as she left, the unopened bottle of Pinot noir on the table... No , she berated herself, it's for the best. One salty tear rolled down her cheek, leaving an icy trail. Another followed, and then another. "Damn it," she choked out. Taking another deep breath to steady herself, she continued on her way until she found an alleyway into which she could slip and Apparate without being detected by the muggles in the street. Ignoring the prickling in her eyes as she closed them, she turned on the spot and left the empty alleyway behind her. ( Pretty Thing - December 24th, 2002 – The Ministry of Magic, London) "Hermione! Oi, Hermione!" The witch turned at the mention of her name, spotting the person who called out to her within seconds: her flatmate, Ginny, accompanied at one of the tables by Blaise Zabini, Fred and George and the latter's girlfriend, Angelina Johnson. Hermione waved but did not approach the table, gesturing instead to the bar behind her. "I'll be right there!" she called back, turning to the bar. "Can I get you anything?" asked the bartender, a young blonde witch wearing a Santa hat and a red velvet dress that could only be described by Hermione as what Santa Claus would wear if Santa suddenly woke up and found himself to be a woman... and a stripper. "I'll have a glass of Pinot noir, please," Hermione said. A few moments later, drink in hand, she made her way to the table occupied by her friends. "I told you she'd come," Ginny said to the twins as Hermione took a seat, setting her charmed beaded bag on the table. The twins handed a couple galleons each to their younger sister, and Hermione raised an eyebrow. "They bet you wouldn't come. I warned them against it, seeing as how persuasive this one can be," Blaise explained, kissing his girlfriend softly on the cheek. Ginny smiled. "I'm glad my showing face is lucrative for you, at least," Hermione said to her friend, smiling a bit in spite of herself. "Well, come on now, you can't really blame us for doubting," Fred spoke up. "No offense, 'Mione," said George, taking a sip of his drink. "But these events aren't really your thing, are they?" "No, I guess not," Hermione conceded. As the others went back to their conversation, she took in the decor around her. The annual Christmas party was being held in the Atrium of the Ministry, the entire place decked out to the nines in holiday cheer: Christmas trees, ornaments, tinsel, servers dressed like Santa's elves and even snow dropping from the high ceiling, disappearing into thin air a few feet above them. Hermione watched as sprigs of mistletoe floated around the room, stopping every so often to catch an unsuspecting couple underneath. Hermione snapped back into the conversation just as the others were discussing the whereabouts of Blaise's best friend and fellow former Death Eater, Draco Malfoy. Mostly due to his relationship with Ginny, Blaise got on well with all the Weasleys, and he and Hermione had become friendly since he'd begun working at the Ministry about three years prior. Draco, on the other hand, had become friendly with the Weasleys, as well as Harry, through his job at the Ministry as a consultant on experimental and Dark magic for the Auror Office. This same job had forced him and Hermione to interact on a few occasions, mostly through investigative work on cases she took on in the Department of Magical Law-Enforcement. It had been rocky at first, but eventually the two had reached an understanding, putting aside their differences and letting go of childhood grudges and forming an amicable work relationship. "He should be here any minute," Blaise was saying to George. "I saw him this morning, he said he'd be here but he would be stopping by Wiltshire to see his mum first." With a glance at his watch: "It's a bit late though, so maybe he got a little side-tracked..." "I'm actually right here, Zabini," came a voice, and they all looked up to see Draco approaching the table, drink in hand. He was wearing a black suit, impeccably tailored to the broader shoulders and back he sported since the War. They all greeted him as he took the vacant seat beside Hermione. "Nice dress, Granger," he commented. "Slytherin's a nice colour on you." Hermione, who had been distracted by the conversation, glanced down at her deep green, long sleeved wrap dress and frowned at the wizard. "What?" he defended. "It's true. I've never seen you in green before." "It suits the festivities well enough, don't you think?" Hermione said. "Naturally, though I was expecting you to wear something more…" he trailed off, taking a sip of his drink. "More what?" He smirked. "Gryffindor." Hermione felt the corners of her mouth turning upwards as she rolled her eyes. "I think there are enough women here wearing red, don't you?" "You mean the bartender?" he smirked again, his enjoyment of the blonde witch's outfit evident in his expression. She slapped him on the wrist at that, reaching for her half-empty glass of wine. Draco eyed her drink curiously as she took a sip. "No firewhisky?" he asked. She scoffed. "Does the crabby old man drinking Scotch and soda dare judge me?" He shrugged. "If you must know, Firewhisky gives me the most dreadful headaches. I prefer to stick with wine, thank you." "Don't let her fool you, Malfoy," George stepped in. "She just can't handle firewhisky." Hermione raised an eyebrow, offended. "I certainly can!" "I'm not so sure," Angelina said with a grin. "Remember when we went out for Ginny's birthday?" Ginny laughed at that. "We practically had to levitate her home, Ange, she probably doesn't remember." Hermione blushed at the memory, feeling her temper rise as the others chuckled. "That was gin, not firewhisky. And I do remember that I drank more than any of you." "True, but you still can't hold more than a couple shots of any hard liquor, can you?" Ginny asked. "Sure, I can," she defended. "Prove it," said Fred suddenly. Hermione blinked. "What?" "Prove it," said both twins this time. "We dare you to." Hermione stared at them. "A drinking contest?" The twins nodded. Hermione attempted to protest: "But it's not really a contest if I drink alone and seeing as none of you seem willing—" "I'll do it," said Draco. They all stared at him. Hermione looked at him as though he'd suddenly turned into a Grindylow and was inviting her to be strangled with his long, green fingers. "Come on, Granger. We'll match each other shot for shot until the lesser drinker falls. If I win, you get me a bottle of scotch. If you win, I'll get you a bottle of that wine you like so much." Hermione thought about it. A free bottle of Pinot noir seemed tempting, and getting everyone off her back about being a lightweight when it came to drinking was an added plus. "Alright," she said finally. "I'm in." A few minutes later, the scantily clothed bartender had set down the first two shots on the bar before them. The others crowded around, watching as each took one of the glasses and raised it in a toast. Hermione eyed the liquor in her glass. "Tequila?" "Bottoms up, Granger," said Malfoy, handing her a lemon wedge. Hermione tipped back her head and swallowed back the contents of her glass in one go, feeling the liquor burn her throat before slamming the glass back on the bar at the same time as her adversary, feeling only a mild buzz from the drink as she bit into the lemon. The bartender set down two more shots before them, and Hermione smirked at Malfoy before taking hers and a fresh lemon wedge. "You can back out at any moment," he reminded her. "Never," she said, downing her shot. Twenty minutes and eight shots later, Malfoy was pink in the face and Hermione looked a bit unstable on her black pumps. The others watched as neither showed signs of slowing down, and Hermione told the bartender to leave the bottle. "Who d'you think will cave first?" Angelina asked. "I thought for sure Hermione would've surrendered by now," Ginny replied. "She just might give us all a run for our money." "I wouldn't count on Draco giving in just yet," said Blaise. "I think they've both got a few shots left in them before anyone gives in." They watched as Hermione and Draco downed one, two, three more shots each. At the third, Fred was distracted from chatting up the bartender by his brother. "Oi, Fred," George whispered in his ear. "Look at that." "What?" Fred asked, rather irritable as the bartender walked away to tend to someone's drink. George pointed above Draco and Hermione's heads. Fred's eyes locked on the mistletoe floating above them, and a mischievous grin stole his features. George nudged Angelina in the ribs, who in turn pointed the plant out Ginny and Blaise. "You don't really think they'll kiss,