The Everdeen name was well known throughout New England; some might even say infamous. Ever since Rose-Marie Everdeen was found guilty of witchcraft in 1694 after committing several heinous crimes, the last name had been the subject of urban legends and bad Halloween campfire stories. The notoriety of the name had been passed down through generations and the mention of it still turned people's heads. Rumor had it; descendants of Rose-Marie and the Everdeen bloodline were still born with powers more than 300 years later. Kat Evers hated Halloween. She'd always found it to be a pointless and annoying holiday, but her job had made her come to dread October 1, when Halloween "festivities" could officially begin. As an entertainment and lifestyle writer for the Boston News for the last three years, Kat had been assigned what she deemed stupid pieces about haunted tours around the city and pumpkin carving contests. And if she had to hear "the fascinating tale of the Everdeen clan" from her overenthusiastic editor, Effie Trinket, one more time… October 5th marked her third anniversary with the paper and, as a congratulations, Effie gave Kat the feature article for the "big, big, big Halloween weekend issue." Kat knew that Effie had only the best intentions, and, really, she couldn't argue that heading up the feature was a big deal. She should have been grateful for the honor; she was grateful for the opportunity. However, she couldn't stomach the thought of writing about the Everdeens because, outside of Boston, she was Katniss Everdeen, descendant of Rose-Marie Everdeen. That night, Katniss, her sister Primrose, and their best friend/cousin Johanna Mason (whose mother was Jillian Everdeen) went out to celebrate Katniss' big feature. The ladies entered their favorite bar, Delly's Tap, just as a group of sorority girls were singing the final words to "Call Me, Maybe." Every Thursday was karaoke night at Delly's, and Johanna and Prim forced Katniss to go each week. Even though they pressured her, the only time she sang was when they went up as a group. To pass the time while Prim and Johanna did their solos, Katniss would sit at the bar and mock her friends with whichever bartender was working that night. There were three regular bartenders—a set of brothers—who also happened to own the place. The oldest brother, Kevin, was kind of an asshole; he liked to treat his brothers as employees or subordinates rather than equals. Katniss preferred the Thursdays he did not work. The middle brother, Ryan, was a goofball; constantly messing around and being reprimanded by both his older and younger brothers. She was pretty sure there was something going on between Ryan and Johanna. The youngest brother, Peeta… Well, he was something else. Someone special. Katniss wasn't one to ever dream of a "Prince Charming," but if she were, it would most definitely be Peeta Mellark. He was a few inches taller than she was, with wavy blonde hair, piercing blue eyes, and a smile that could only be described as dreamy. While Katniss would never actively pursue anyone she had an interest in, especially Peeta, she had been admiring him for quite some time. Her favorite nights out were the ones she spent flirting with Peeta, watching him work, and willing the other women in the bar to stay away. Prim and Johanna teased Katniss mercilessly about the flirtation, and she was pretty sure they sang twice as many songs on the nights Peeta was behind the bar to allow them more time alone. In any other situation, Katniss would be irritated with the girls' antics, but the more time she spent with Peeta, the more enamored she became. Upon entering the bar, Katniss discreetly tried to see who was serving that night. When her gaze landed on the wrong head of blonde hair—Ryan's—she struggled to mask her disappointment. She made her way to the bar and settled in her usual seat, determined not to care about Peeta's absence. "Looks like Lover Boy's not here tonight," Johanna goaded. "You think you'll make it?" Katniss scowled at her cousin and, for a hot minute, considered knocking her upside the head with the bottle of tequila from across the bar with a small swipe of her right index finger. Sometimes there was an upside to literally having power at your fingertips . Katniss knew she wouldn't do it; not here, at least. However, there were days Katniss seriously reconsidered her strict "no magic in front of others" rule, and it was usually the days Johanna was being particularly aggravating. "Whatever," Katniss muttered as she took her first gulp of the 7&7 that Ryan provided her. It was going to be a long night. After an hour or two ( but who's counting? ) of acting interested in the conversation between Prim, Johanna, and Ryan, Katniss was on her third drink. She was feeling bored and a little buzzed—never a good combination. To entertain herself while the other girls chose which song they'd sing first, Katniss decided to play a little game. Any time someone sitting at the bar acted like an asshole, their drink would mysteriously spill after a minute or two. This held her attention for quite awhile until the first chord of "Islands in the Stream" came through the speaker, her cue to turn toward the stage and cheer on Prim and Johanna. As she swayed in her seat while the two sang onstage, she began to hum along. Katniss absentmindedly twirled her finger in a circle, in turn twirling the straw in her glass sitting a foot away. For as obnoxious as Prim and Johanna were sometimes, Katniss had to acknowledge that they both could sing surprisingly well. When she heard a group of guys a few tables over talking about which one was taking home the blonde girl singing, a quick flick of her wrist sent their pitcher of beer rolling off the table. Trying to disguise her laughter, Katniss swiveled in her chair so she faced the bar again and resumed twirling her straw. When she regained her composure, Katniss turned to catch another look at the unhappy table. Instead, she found Peeta staring at her, eyes twinkling in amusement, trying to hold in his laughter. "That's really not very nice, you know," he scolded, releasing a chuckle as she took him in. Peeta was wearing a well-tailored navy blue suit and matching tie with a crisp white shirt. He looked great every other night, but this was on another level. Katniss blushed when she realized she was staring and quite possibly gaping, but Peeta laughed again and slid onto the empty stool next to her. "I use my powers for good, Peeta, not evil. I'm Thor—not Loki," he teased in a dead-on impersonation of Katniss, something she's told him too many times to count. "Hey!" She choked out the protest, still flustered by his surprise appearance. The two younger Mellarks were the only ones outside of family and close friends—the only ones in Boston—who knew the girls' secret and real last name. Katniss was livid when she found out that Johanna had spilled the beans one night when she was at the guys' apartment "hanging out" with Ryan. She was afraid the revelation would ruin the rapport she'd built with Peeta since they'd met, that he'd pull away, but he found it more interesting than anything else and often asked questions and for demonstrations. Nothing had changed since he found out, and Katniss was grateful for that. "Don't you usually sing Dolly's part?" he asked, nodding toward the stage. Katniss rolled her eyes at his observation, because of course he was right. Typically the three girls sang this song together, but tonight Katniss sat out because she "had a headache." She was far too proud to admit that she wasn't having as much fun without Peeta. Sensing her hesitance, he continued, "Why aren't you up there tonight?" "I just wasn't really feeling it," she responded, clapping as Prim and Johanna finished their song. Peeta joined her in clapping, adding a few whoops as the girls made their way back to Katniss. "Lover Boy is here!" Johanna sang as she ran over and enveloped Peeta in a hug. She had no issues with physical contact, unlike Katniss, and often hugged people when she was drunk, despite being incredibly abrasive when sober. "Maybe Brainless will sing now!" "No," Katniss stated adamantly. "No, no, no. No." "Awe, come on, Kat!" Prim pleaded. She was half in the bag, but knew that her older sister would do anything she asked. "Pleeeease?! Sing for us!" Katniss shot her sister a glare. "Prim," she warned. "If not for us, then do it for Peeta!" Katniss narrowed her eyes at her sister, but she could still see Peeta blush and smile sheepishly. "Come on , he's wearing a suit and everything!" Prim emphasized before she scampered off with Johanna in tow. "What does Peeta wearing a suit have to do with anything?" Katniss yelled after them incredulously. She honestly couldn't believe she was even entertaining the thought. By this time, her third drink was half empty and she knew it was time to slow down if she had any chance of staying coherent throughout the night. "What's wrong with me wearing a suit?" Peeta asked, looking genuinely concerned and mock offended. Before Katniss could respond, Ryan interrupted and answered for her. "Nothing's wrong with it. You look good, baby bro. How was the meeting?" "It went really well." Peeta relayed the goings-on of his dinner meeting with a possible new distributor as Katniss busied herself pretending to text on her phone. She tried not to make it too obvious she was listening to every word. As the brothers talked, Katniss searched for Prim and Johanna. Unsurprisingly, she spotted them flipping furiously through the DJ's binder of song choices. After a few minutes, Peeta's attention was back on Katniss and he flashed her a smile that lit up his eyes and made her heart beat faster. Damn it, Katniss. "So the suit is okay?" he sipped his Jack and Coke as he asked. Katniss let out a breathy laugh. "Yeah. It's okay, Peeta," she replied as she looked him up and down again. Peeta grinned as he realized what she was doing. "Are you checking me out, Everdeen?" He grinned wider with his accusation. Katniss rolled her eyes so hard she felt dizzy. At least, that's what she told herself when she felt her chest flush. "In your dreams, Mellark," she teased back. "Actually, I'm pretty sure he does dream about it, Kat, so be careful what you wish for!" Ryan chimed in from behind the bar before running and hiding from whatever projectile would inevitably find its way to him. That's the problem with Ryan, Johanna, and Prim. They think that just because I enjoy Peeta's company and occasionally flirt with him means I like him or… Even Katniss couldn't finish the thought, because she knew it was absurd to deny that she was in deep. She'd never felt an emotional connection to a man before, let alone like the strong pull she felt toward Peeta. Her feelings and behavior were so out of character that she felt embarrassed any time she thought about it. This whole thing was Prim's fault, she supposed. Until "that night," Katniss was perfectly content with him being "just the bartender," an inside joke they shared. "That night" was about eleven months ago, a few weeks after Prim turned twenty-one. When Katniss' phone rang after one in the morning on a Wednesday, she knew it'd be bad. Nothing good ever came from that type of calls. Because Prim's number showed on the caller ID, Katniss was startled to hear Peeta's deep voice on the other end of the line. He was serving that night and noticed some asshole frat boys feeding Prim drinks. Peeta explained that her fourth martini was fizzing as one