Shut the F- Up, Haymitch Summary: Modern AU. To honor the death of her younger sister, Katniss Everdeen reluctantly volunteers at an animal shelter where she meets someone who just might change her life. Written for PiP prompt Yellow Warnings: child abuse, major character death. M for language. It was freezing cold and the frost caused the earth to crunch beneath her feet as she navigated through the familiar woods. The sun had yet to rise, and up ahead she could see the previous evening's fog lifting. Katniss could hear the birds chirping, just waking from their slumber. When the sound of the water reached her ears, she knew she was almost to her destination. The lake came into view, along with her favorite place to sit: a large rock set among several others. Although it wasn't the most comfortable of seats, growing up, it was the only rock large enough to accommodate both her and Prim. The first glimpse of sunlight peeked through just as Katniss settled onto the bolder. Setting her bow down beside her, she waited for the day to begin. The date was January 28th; it was the day she dreaded the other 364 days of the year. It was the day she lost her baby sister. Three years had passed since the day that altered Katniss's world, but it didn't matter how much time had gone by, it still hurt every single day. For Katniss, Prim's death felt like it was just yesterday that she received the call from her neighbor, Haymitch Abernathy, telling her that there'd been "an accident." Having just returned to college for the spring semester of her sophomore year, Katniss immediately jumped in her car and sped the two-hour drive home. But she was too late. "An accident" had been an understatement on Haymitch's part. Her mother's car rolled four times across three lanes of traffic and into a field. Catherine, her mother, sustained a broken leg and some cuts and bruises, while Prim had been pronounced dead at the scene. The investigator's report stated that the car had hit a patch of black ice. Catherine lost control; there was nothing she could have done differently. Not that Katniss would know, since her mother refused to speak to her about it. They said she was dead on impact, and that Katniss should be glad she didn't suffer. Well, Katniss refused to find anything to be "glad" about surrounding the death of her sister. Prim had so much love, light, and talent. She had so many plans, and now they would never happen. Katniss sat at "their place" alone, feeling the pain just as raw as those first few days without her Little Duck. Picking at the string of her bow, Katniss allowed herself to cry. Only one day a year did she indulge and allow her tears to fall. Every other day, she sucked it up; she ignored the pain and pushed it far away from her. But today she cried for her sister, her father, her mother, and even herself. At only 22 years old, Katniss had suffered more loss than seemed fair. When she cried so hard she felt a headache coming on, Katniss finally decided it was time to hunt. She came to the woods whenever she had a chance, as they were adjacent to Haymitch's property. She thought that they just might be the most peaceful place on earth, at least of which Katniss has encountered. As she walked, Katniss realized that these woods were more than peaceful and quiet. They were special. The forest was the place where she spent the most time as a child and even as a teenager. It was where she learned to swim and to hunt. It was where her father taught her to shoot a bow and arrow when she was only six years old. It was where she and Prim had gone to share secrets. Treading lightly as she set off on her hunt, Katniss carefully for any sound of prey. It wasn't long before she was crouched behind a tree, arrow ready, with her focus on the rabbit she planned to drop off for Haymitch. As she readied to let the arrow fly, she was immediately transported back to another time in this same place. Katniss was 13 and Prim was only eight the day she tried to teach the young blonde to hunt. After their father had passed two years prior, Katniss had begun hunting more as a way to deal her frustration and also to supply meals for her family and for Haymitch. The day she brought Prim to the woods was a long one. The first few hours of their morning, Prim tread so loudly that Katniss couldn't concentrate enough to find any prey. Once Prim calmed, however, a few rabbits came into their line of sight and Katniss was able to teach Prim to hold both the bow and the arrow, and line up her shot. As Prim took aim, a pitiful whimper escaped from her as she dropped the bow and arrow to the ground. "I can't do it," she cried. "Please don't make me do it!" At the time, Katniss let out a small laugh and pulled Prim into her arms. Almost ten years later, faced with the same situation, Katniss was the one dropping the bow and arrow to the ground. "Not today," she sighed as she gathered her gear and began her trek back to civilization. Katniss rapped on the door to Haymitch's house three times before letting herself in. On some level, she knew the typically functional alcoholic would be having a bad day as well. Haymitch adored Prim and still cared for the hideous cat, Buttercup, she brought home one day. After their father's passing, Haymitch looked out for the girls when their mother disappeared in her grief. While it surprised some residents in the small town of Seam, it surprised no one more than Katniss. Haymitch always made sure they had heat and water in their home, in addition to food, clothing, school supplies, and more. The smell of coffee was still potent when she found Haymitch face down, snoring at the kitchen table. Katniss rolled her eyes as she headed straight for the sink to wash her hands. Instead of drying them, she shook her hands at Haymitch as she yelled at him to wake up. He grunted before opening his eyes or lifting his head. He knew she'd be around at some point this morning. "Sweetheart," Haymitch groaned. He raised his head and met her glare with his own. "Jesus, Haymitch. You look worse than usual," she criticized. It was true. His grey eyes, which were normally bloodshot, were red-rimmed and swollen. He looked more hungover than Katniss had seen him in a long time. He chuckled. "Charming as ever, you are. You look like shit, by the way." That was also true. This day's approach always took its toll on Katniss. Despite the fact they both were quiet, moody, and sarcastic, Katniss and Haymitch shared a close bond that neither really understood. "You go huntin' today?" He asked. "I attempted," Katniss grumbled. "You attempted?" Haymitch eyed her, amused. "How do you , of all people, attempt to hunt? You never miss a shot." "Didn't take a shot, dumbass," she snapped. "I was set on a rabbit and all I could think about was the time I tried to teach Prim how to hunt." Katniss smiled fondly through teary eyes as Haymitch laughed along with her. They reminisced for quite some time about their favorite memories of Prim. Haymitch howled as Katniss recalled all the animals Prim brought home over the years, only Buttercup getting the OK to stay. Then Katniss teased him about his soft spot for Prim; how he could never say no to her. After a while, they both had shed some tears, but smiled and laughed through the memories. A silence came over the two, and Katniss ached to hug her sister and create just one more memory. "We need to do something, you know," Haymitch interrupted her thoughts. She gave him a confused look. "We've gotta honor Primmy in some way. We've talked about it for years, but we've done a piss-poor job so far." Katniss sighed. "I know. I think about it every day. She would be so disappointed." Haymitch leaned in and surprised Katniss by placing his hand over hers—they both tried to limit physical contact. "Sweetheart, that girl saw the sun rise and set on you. You could never disappoint her." Not wanting to do something stupid like cry again, Katniss forged onward. "What if we volunteered or something?" she suggested. "Volunteered where? Doing what?" "I don't know. Just something that will help, Haymitch," she told him. "Prim always did so much and I feel like I've done nothing since she's been gone." Haymitch looked annoyed. "Girl, you graduated college a year early, got some bullshit degree, and you work a full time job you hate. What more could you possibly do?" "Well," Katniss began, rolling her eyes, "I suppose that's not untrue." "Of course I'm right, Sweetheart," Haymitch said as he searched for something alcoholic to add to his coffee. Finding some whiskey, he offered it to Katniss. She declined as she rose from her place at the table. "Find us a place to volunteer and I'll be there. You know that," Haymitch stated sincerely. "I know. And I will." Katniss walked to the door and grasped the handle before turning around. "Haymitch!" She called out. Haymitch rose from his seat and met her at the door. "Thank you. For everything," Katniss whispered. Before she knew what she was doing, she enveloped him in a hug. He squeezed back, knowing that today they both needed just a little extra support. "Just let me know about that volunteer stuff," he said, his rough exterior back in place. "I will," Katniss assured him as she opened the door and stepped back into the cold. Three days later, Katniss turned into the parking lot of Seam City Animal Rescue at 7:28 and was pleased to find Haymitch's truck already there. They agreed to meet the volunteer coordinator at 7:30 am, so she was expecting Haymitch to arrive around 8:00. Surprisingly, the driver's seat was empty when she pulled into the spot next to his. Picking up her pace, Katniss knew Haymitch would never shut up about it if she was "late" and he wasn't. She noticed there were only two other cars in the lot and wondered how organized this shelter was if there were only two people here at any given time. She opened the door and braced herself for this new "adventure" she had gotten herself into. Katniss had no idea what to expect, but she surely didn't expect what she found. Through the door was a beautiful lobby that had a desk, a table and some chairs, as well as an entire section of pet accessories. There were pictures of cats, dogs, and small animals decorating the walls, no doubt animals that had been adopted out of the shelter. Genuinely impressed, she began to wonder if this volunteering thing wouldn't be so bad after all and felt slightly optimistic. That is, until she saw the woman working behind the counter. The woman was dressed entirely in lime green, and her hair was a horrid shade of mint. "Hello, hello! I'm Effie. What can I do for you?" The woman greeted Katniss with a bright smile, and she felt guilty for judging the woman based on her terrible choice in clothing. "Hi. Um, I'm Katniss Everdeen. I have an appointment to begin volunteering. I was supposed to meet my neighbor here, and his car is here, but I can't find him..." Katniss knew she was rambling, but couldn't stop herself. "Yes, dear! Haymitch is just through that door there," Effie replied. She pointed towards a sign that