PRESENT DAY - OCTOBER It had been exactly four weeks since the night of Katniss and Peeta's first kiss. In the time since, her trips to Delly's Tap became more frequent and she quickly realized there were more than a few perks to dating a bartender-slash-bar-owner. Obviously free drinks were at the top of Johanna and Prim's lists, but Katniss preferred some others. Similar to the one after she sang to Peeta, trysts in the office became a regular occurrence, much to Katniss' delight. Katniss and Peeta only took two days to meet her "three date rule" and grew incredibly close during the first month of their relationship. Adjustments were made on both ends. Katniss tried to compromise and share her time, although her stubborn nature hindered that a bit. Peeta, on the other hand, was learning to be patient with Katniss and allow her to become more comfortable with their new relationship status. The two spent most of their nights together and Katniss began to let him in, in a way she didn't know was possible. As far as Katniss was concerned, tonight, the night before Halloween, was like any other night. To what seemed like the rest of the population, it meant parties, dressing up, and debauchery. Prim and Johanna loved the anarchy that came when Halloween rolled around. They were costumed perfectly as something slutty Katniss couldn't remember, completely wasted, and probably stoned if she were correct. It wasn't something they did often, and she didn't approve, but Katniss could have sworn she saw Ryan with a joint earlier. At the moment, she was hiding in the manager's office, waiting for Ryan and Peeta to clear out the bar and lock up. Katniss heard the DJ give the final, final call that the doors were closing, but knew it would be another 20 minutes or so before the rest of the group joined her. The other girls were out front "helping" with crowd control, so she made herself comfy on the couch she had become very familiar with during the past month. A smile graced her lips as she thought of Peeta, just outside the office, probably calling cabs for those too drunk to drive while wiping the bar clean. Her eyes closed as the roar of the crowd on the other side of the door slowly died down. It wasn't long before she heard the door open and the heavy footsteps of her boyfriend entering the room. "You okay in here?" Katniss opened her eyes when she felt the couch dip beneath Peeta's weight. His blonde waves were askew and he looked tired, but he was beaming at her. It was the special smile he showed only to her. It was the one where his eyes crinkled at the corners, and it made her heart flutter every time. She lifted her hand to rest on his cheek and slid it up to his hair as she spoke. "Yeah, babe. I'm good." His smile got just the slightest bit wider, as it always did when she called him by a nickname of some sort. It was very out of character for Katniss to use a term of endearment with anyone other than Prim, but she found that Peeta was changing her thoughts and habits on much more than just nicknames. "Everything good out there?" Katniss asked, nodding toward the door. "Mhm," Peeta hummed as he took the bottom of Katniss' braid in his hand. He leaned forward to press a chaste kiss to her forehead as she smiled, happy to finally have him to herself. Katniss breathed a sigh of relief she didn't know she needed, and did almost every time he walked in the room. Katniss typically paid no mind to men, love, or relationships; her main focus was keeping Prim in school and the bills paid. She had never fallen for someone, and the way she cared for Peeta so freely and openly scared her to death. In a short amount of time, Peeta had changed her entire attitude towards love, relationships, and the future. When Katniss really considered it, though, their relationship was probably a long time coming, with well over a year of friendship and flirting under their belts. As he leaned in to kiss her again, this time meeting her lips with his, her breath hitched as she felt the fire between them ignite. It was a slow burn at first, but it never failed to lead to an all-consuming blaze. She was baffled at how easily they could go from slow and sweet to yanking each other's clothes off. In the past, she would have never considered acting this way in general, let alone in public. But with Peeta, everything was different. Katniss was quickly realizing that since they had known each other, his influence had bled into almost every aspect of her life. She tasted Budweiser mixed with spearmint gum as his tongue slipped past her lips. It seemed like a disgusting combination, and she didn't know how he could stand it, but the taste screamed "Peeta" and Katniss could not get enough of it. Inhaling, she found his scent of sweat, cinnamon, and a touch of body wash leftover from the shower they shared earlier. Between his taste, touch, and smell, she was on sensory overload as she pushed him against the back of the couch. "I love you so much, Katniss," Peeta managed to get out between kisses. She was used to hearing it by now, and had finally stopped tensing whenever he told her. It took Peeta five dates to tell Katniss he was in love with her, but he assured her there was no pressure to return the sentiment. He was happy as long as she cared for him and as long as they were together. Katniss swung her leg over Peeta and settled onto his lap, running both of her hands through his already tousled hair and down to his shoulders. With another kiss, she hummed and smiled, finally accepting his admissions of love. As he lifted the hem of her Delly's Tap t-shirt, Katniss raised her arms in the air to assist Peeta in ridding her of the item. Before they went too far, Katniss looked intently at the doorknob to see if it was locked. Finding it was not, a flick of her wrist secured the lock, and Katniss was free to return her attention to Peeta. "What? You don't want a repeat of last week?" Peeta asked playfully as he nipped at her bottom lip. Pulling away, Katniss shoved Peeta's shoulders to push his back into the cushions as he let out a loud laugh. She knew he was teasing, but she was still mortified that Prim walked in when she and Peeta were fooling around completely naked. Scowling to cover the smile that threatened to break through, she adjusted her position to gain some leverage on Peeta and keep him against the back of the couch. "You just had to go there, didn't you?" She demanded as he continued to laugh, seemingly unaffected by her discomfort and change of direction. "I'm sorry, Katniss," Peeta tried to stop giggling, "but it was funny. And Prim doesn't care! She told me she's happy I took you off her hands." Katniss frowned at his words, wondering if her sister had actually said that to Peeta or if he was just trying to placate her. He slid his hands down to rest on her hips and encouraged her to rock her hips into him, wanting to keep their game going. Halting his movements, Katniss looked Peeta in the eye as she asked her next question. "For real? Prim said that?" Seeing that he may have touched a sore spot for Katniss, he took her face in both of his hands and planted a soft, loving kiss on her nose. "Well, yeah," he said softly as he smoothed her hair off her face. "But not in a bad way. She doesn't want to get rid of you, but she wants to see you happy. Besides, Prim loves me." The worry lines disappeared from Katniss' forehead as he spoke. She knew his words were genuine and true, and her smile began to make its return. Peeta had an incredible way of calming her irrational fears, one of the many talents he possessed that Katniss was grateful for. "At least one Everdeen loves me," Peeta teased with a wink. Katniss rolled her eyes as she moved for her shirt on the other end of the couch. Her shirt was just out of reach, so Katniss stood, smoothed her jeans, and re-braided her hair. As she tidied herself, Peeta adjusted himself in his pants, knowing their moment had passed for now. With her shirt back on, Katniss returned to Peeta's lap, this time sitting on him as though he were Santa Claus. She ran her fingers through his hair, massaging his scalp, and was quiet for a long moment, considering her next move. There was something she had wanted to tell Peeta for a few weeks, but couldn't find the right words or the right time or the right anything. "Can I tell you a secret?" Katniss posed, as she absentmindedly continued his massage. "You can tell me anything," Peeta replied lazily, clearly enjoying the treatment his scalp was receiving. Feeling Katniss' hesitation, Peeta reached up to grab her right hand. Bringing it to his lips, he placed a kiss to her open palm, a sweet habit he started their first night together. "I'm not good at… Ya know…" Katniss started. "You're not good at talking, I know," Peeta finished for her, nuzzling his head into her hands like Prim's stupid cat Buttercup. "It's difficult for you and that's okay. There's no rush." "I want to tell you about the first time I knew." This caught Peeta's attention as he stilled. "Knew what?" He asked, genuinely curious and maybe slightly suspicious. "Knew that I was a goner," Katniss whispered, as if her feelings would disappear if she spoke of them too loudly. A proud smile crossed Peeta's face. "I do believe 'goner' was my word," he said with a kiss to her lips. "But I'll share it. Tell me." "Do you remember the night we had our first conversation about my superpowers?" Peeta smiled again, bigger and brighter this time. He remembered the conversation well, although it was almost a year ago. He remembered feeling completely embarrassed at himself, but in awe as she told him her story. That was the night he really fell in love with Katniss, although he would never tell her that and scare her away. For Peeta, hearing that she felt something for him as well—especially back then—was overwhelming. "How could I forget?" He asked; an invitation for Katniss to continue. FLASHBACK - JANUARY "So, like," Peeta began, "This magic thing. What do you call it?" Katniss snorted as she took a sip of her drink. "What do I call it , Peeta?" He flushed and looked away, clearly embarrassed. A chuckle escaped Katniss as she plopped next to him on the couch. She knew she was in for a long night at the Mellark brothers' house when Peeta asked her if they could talk about 'what Johanna had told him,' so Katniss figured she would make herself comfortable. "Sorry, that was rude. I told you I'd answer your questions and I will." He let out a sigh of relief, and for a second Katniss felt guilty for laughing at him. "Well I just… I don't know, Katniss. This is kind of a lot to take in." Katniss nodded as he continued. "I really want to try to understand this, but I can't do that on my own. You have to give me some help." Katniss nodded again in agreement, taking a gulp from her half empty glass of whiskey. After several moments of silence, Peeta spoke again. "So… Talk to me. Please?" "I