Disclaimer: The wonderful world of Harry Potter and the canon characters belong to J .K. Rowling and I am only borrowing them to write for my and other people's enjoyment, without any intention of profiting from it. I thank this creative lady for blessing us with such a rich ground to build up our creativity on! A/N: Before you start reading this story, please take heed of the trigger warnings, and proceed with caution. I am glossing over most of the icky parts, but it's out there, and it's clear. I do not wish to upset anyone, thus with a big enormous warning sign, I shall put this here: Trigger Warnings: Incest, Abuse (Verbal, Physical, Mental, Sexual – including at least a mention of rape – ), Cheating, Slash, Femme Slash If you are someone whose favourite characters are Ronald and Ginevra Weasley, please stay as far away from this story, as you possibly can, because I can guarantee you will dislike what you find. If I haven't scared you away yet, however, and you are still reading this, please enjoy , I have the whole outline written for every chapter, and I planned a lot of fun details to soften the angsty bits. The warm rays of the early morning sunlight flickered through the emerald drapery hanging over the wide glass windows, painting a beautiful contrast of dark and light over the occupants of the tastefully decorated king size bed resting against cream coloured walls. Wild chestnut coloured curls splayed over one of the fluffy pillows, tangled with pale red, and platinum blond tresses, as three different sets of arms held onto each other in differing angles, as they wandered together in the land of dreams. The brunette witch laying ensconced between her two wizards looked peaceful, a serene smile tugging at her rosy lips, as her eyelashes softly fluttered open at the gentle caress of the morning sun. Her smile widened when she felt the delicious ache between her legs, and the satisfying soreness of her entire body, reminding her of last night's passion filled activities. Her blond lover stirred, as he felt her stretch slightly. "Why do you insist on rising with the birds, my love?" He quietly drawled, his voice as smooth as the softest silk. "It is hardly my fault that the sunlight insists on whispering sweet nothings into my ear, as it caresses me awake." Hermione teased, as she brushed her lips against the sharp curve of his shoulder, tracing small circles around the spot she kissed, with her fingertips. Draco shivered at her touch, and raised a well-shaped brow. "Should I be jealous that you talk about a celestial body , like it was one of your lovers ?" Hermione bit her lower lip to keep from laughing. "It depends..." Her voice trailed off. "On what?" He asked with a sniff. She couldn't help the laughter that slipped from her lips. "On what you intend to do about it." She whispered, and that was all the wizard needed to crush his lips against hers in a scorching hot kiss, showing her exactly what he planned to do about the situation. The two of them got a little carried away in the heat of the moment, and soon the room was filled with the sweet sounds of ecstasy, waking their red-haired boyfriend from his slumber. George's bright blue eyes gleamed with desire, as he leaned up on his elbow, lazily watching his partners making love to each other. It was one of his favourite things to do, just admiring how Draco's flawless ivory skin blended with Hermione's lightly flecked sun-kissed skin-tone, as they shared a passionate embrace, racing towards the height of the heavens, falling completely apart in each other's arms. His breath hitched in his throat as they both climaxed. "That was... some wake-up call." He rasped, his arousal evident, even under the cover of the Egyptian cotton sheets. "Mm-morning, Georgie." Hermione moaned, as she was coming off from the high of her orgasm, and rolled off Draco to kiss her other lover's cheek, her eyes trailing down to his erection. "I would help you with that, but I terribly need to freshen up." She whimpered, giving him a light fondle, and sauntering off towards the bathroom. Draco laughed as she left the room. "It never ceases to amaze me how awkward she is about saying that she needs to use the loo." He rolled his eyes, and smirked at George. "Now, let us see about your little problem..." He said huskily, and pulled the sheets off his boyfriend's body, his eyes raking over the sleek lines of his form. "Our Kitten is really cute, when she is uncomfortable." He agreed with the Malfoy heir. "But now, get down on your knees Dray, and get to it..." He smirked mischievously. The blond wizard's grey eyes darkened a shade, as he got really turned on when the Weasley twin talked dirty to him. He got off the bed, and knelt in front of George, his nails grazing his thighs as he took him into his mouth, and proceeded to take very good care of him. By the time Hermione walked out of the bathroom, her curvaceous body wrapped in a pale blue towel, her wizards were talking in soft hushed tones about something they had been planning for a while now, but they abruptly halted their conversation, and looked up when they heard their curly-haired witch's frustrated groan from the living-room. They shared a worried glance, and donning a pair of boxers each, they rushed to their girlfriend's side, part curious, and part worried. Hermione's hands trembled, as she held a gold tinted invitation to another Hogwarts Remembrance Reunion Ball , held on the same day the Second Wizarding War was finally over. The Ministry and the Hogwarts staff held the Ball in the Great Hall every year, to commemorate their victory, and remember the fallen. She only ever attended the first one of these events, when everything still seemed normal, but then all hell broke loose, and she needed to get the hell out of Britain. Now she lived in France, and there was nothing and no one, who could ever change her mind to live anywhere else in the world. She loved it here, the atmosphere enchanted her the moment she arrived. Living in France had healed her. "Love?" George's low voice drafted through her thoughts. "What's the matter?" Hermione tossed the invitation at him and frowned. " Why do they insist on sending this bloody invitation to us every single year? We never go anymore!" She huffed, stomping her foot, to mask the bubbling bitter memories, and the soul-shattering pain underneath, that the piece of parchment caused her to remember. Draco drew her into a comforting embrace from one side, while George hugged her from the other. They were both very aware of the wounds that the invitation viciously tore at, and they would give anything and everything, just so that their beloved never suffered through those memories anymore. "We can stay home, dear-heart." George murmured soothingly. Draco lightly kissed the top of her head, as he pressed her against his chest. "You never have to go back there, if you don't want to." He reassured her. Hermione swallowed her emotions, and pulled out of their comforting arms, shaking her head. "Look at you two putting my needs ahead of yours, again ." She said bitterly. "I know that you have been discussing something between the two of you," She worried her lips, and the wizards shared a glance. "See, you are doing it again !" She threw her hands up in the air. "You are having secret looks, hushed conversations that you abruptly halt when I am around... If you want to break-up with me and be together exclusively, please tell me, because this is seriously driving me crazy, and that is not fair!" Draco's eyes widened in shock, while George looked at her, like she sprouted a few extra heads. "Mia, are you crazy?" The Slytherin asked, with concern gleaming in his eyes. "Don't you feel how much we love you?" He caressed her cheek with his thumb. "But..." Her voice quivered, as her self-doubt reared it's ugly head. "No buts, Mims." George said firmly. "We are both crazy in love you, and our hushed conversations have nothing to do with wanting to break-up with you." He reassured her. "Hell, Draco and I wouldn't even be together, if it wasn't for you . We might love each other now , just as much as we love you , but don't you remember how much we fought over you?" He asked incredulously. A hint of a smile ghosted over Hermione's lips. "You two were quite dramatic in your quest for my affections, indeed." Draco grinned. "Oh, those were fun times," He said wistfully, but then his features became serious. "But what we have now , the three of us? I would never give that up. We complete each other, we are three sides of a triangle, three parts of one heart , we belong together." He said sincerely, with so much love reflecting in his pale eyes, that Hermione gently kissed his lips, and then leaned over to kiss George as well. "I am sorry for jumping to ridiculous conclusions..." She mumbled, burying her head in George's chest. "I love you both, immensely. You are my heart and soul, and I could have never healed the way I did without you by my side to help me through it." She admitted. "But... I still know that somethin g is going on, and somehow, in some way, it has to do with England, doesn't it?" She inquired. The two wizards shared another glance, and nodded to each other, and then George spoke. "Well, you are right in the sense that we all have business to attend to in England, but you are not obligated to come with us." Hermione sighed. "It is not what either of you want though, is it?" She asked softly. "You want me to come with you, because you need me to be there when sorting through Freddie's things." Her voice wavered. George squeezed her petite body against his and nodded, burying his face in her lush hair. "Yes, I do need you both with me when I do that..." He mumbled softly. She took a deep breath and nodded. "Alright then. This year we are going to go." She sighed. "Pansy called to let me know that Flourish and Blotts wants to organize a book signing event." She frowned. "I might as well give them some of my time then..." Draco snuggled into their shared warmth, peppering small kisses to both of their foreheads. "I know that a visit to Britain is not ideal, but I want to run something by my parents, and your book " The Rise and Fall of a Dark Lord " has been an instant hit, and you know that people are going to want to talk to you about it. It's even extremely popular here in France, and the war did not spill over here." He murmured. The petite witch smiled a small smile. "With all the meticulous research and interviews, it did take me five years to write an accurate account of Riddle's shenanigans, so I am pleased that the public appreciates the effort." She admitted, and her eyes sparkled, as she talked about her plans for writing another book. "I actually have a lot of material spilled over into other periods of chaos, so I was thinking about using that for another book titled " British Wizarding Wars, A History ", what do you think?" She asked curiously, as she ran them by her idea. George winked at her. "Only you would think that wasting research would be a crime, and turning it into another book would be better." He teased her, eliciting a harrumph out of his