Chapter 1: The Stubborn She-Elf And The Noble Elf Chapter Synopsis: A she-elf of the forest is out walking one morning when she overhears the tree whispering of an injured elf. She rushes to his rescue only to come across the orcs that seemingly attacked him. Though she is told to run, she stays to fight and the story unfolds. & Key Points: First, I am not good with Elvish, any kind for that matter. I wish that I knew the beautiful language but because I don't I don't want to insult anyone and so I choose not to even try. Any words written in italics signifies that someone is speaking Elvish. Now, if anyone would like to help me translate, that would be cool too. But no worries. Second, the character Valaina is entirely mine. She was inspired by no one and she was not taken from someone else's writing. If you have any discrepancies about the way I portray Tokien's characters, great but Valaina is mine so sorry dudes, I ain't changing her. Otherwise I accept all reviews and criticism. Harsh flames will be posted and I will humiliate you. That is all for now. & The Great River of Wilderland, the Anduin, had always been special to the she-elf. She would often hike through the forest of trees, all whispering in voices of rustling leaves and chirping birds, speaking of the dreams they held dear and of the interesting things they had seen. It was remarkable for her even now to eavesdrop on the conversations they held with each other. Often times she would join in and they would listen keenly to the tales she spun while surprising her with some of their own. She loved each and every tree and each one returned the love. They adored her for treating them with such kindness and respect as though they were elves themselves. That morning she had taken one of her usual hikes. Her every step was graceful as she walked the route she had nearly everyday her whole life. The grass was lush and green beneath her bare feet, tickling her slightly bronzed skin and intertwining with her toes. The blades wove themselves about each and every one as if to entice her to stay put awhile. She smiled at the thought and lifted her face towards the Heavens to catch the rays of sunlight spilling through the canopy above her head. They shined upon her as if returning her smile. The trees then began to chatter – a breeze that whistled loud enough to be heard. It was lined with distress and a longing to be heard. The she-elf could feel it piercing her core and stopped walking at once to listen further. An elf…injured…the bank… She need not hear more. Hiking up her dress she started for the bank at once, her light footsteps unheard and still looking graceful. Her long legs carried her quickly through the forest and she did not feel tired. She knew that many treacheries waited to take advantage of her people and would do what was necessary to protect any. She was well equipped with a dagger tucked securely in her belt while a sword was at her waist. Both had belonged to her father and both protected her as he once had. Reaching the bank she stopped in her tracks and unsheathed her sword. It freed itself with a magical and singsong sound. To the elf lying barely conscious on the rocks forming the bank lining the great Anduin, the sound was of mercy. He could barely keep his eyes open and was trying very hard to summon the strength to ignore the immense pain tearing through his skull and his shoulder. He gritted his teeth in pain while managing to lift his weary gaze to the edge of the forest to see who had pulled the sword. He was met with a she-elf standing many feet away, sword ready to attack. She was obviously very focused on him and did not hear the enemy that was storming the bank in search of his body at that very moment. Pulling himself together for her sake, his first instinct to protect those against an enemy, he was able to form one word in warning. " Run. " With her elven ears she had heard his weak, husky voice. Immediately she focused her attention on the surrounding area rather than on the wounded elf. She snapped her head to the west and could see three monstrous orcs thundering down the bank waving crude weapons at her. Without hesitation she answered the elf before taking a protective stance in front of his fallen form. " No. " The orcs stopped in their tracks a few feet from her. They were grunting and snarling like animals, brandishing their weapons as if they expected her to run from them. She narrowed her eyes and stood her ground, bare feet digging into the rocks on the bank. The water consumed her right foot, blood staining the water from the wounded elf she was guarding. "Give us the elf and we'll spare you." One of the orcs spoke brusquely, baring his teeth. They were razored into sharp points, saliva pooling at the corners of his mouth and dripping down the slopes. His decaying tongue slipped from his mouth to wet his lips but they continued to bubble as if he were hungry. She knew this to be a lie. Sadly she knew of what orcs did to the women and she-elves that they came across. They would kidnap them and take them as prisoners, shackled like common thieves and dragged along for the harsh ride. They would be raped and beaten, groped and touched in ways that scarred them for the rest of their days – if they were kept alive after they had been used. She had seen this occur many times and was thoroughly disgusted with the entire race of orcs. They treated females as their property and nothing more. "If you want him then you will have to go through me, scum." She snapped, tightly gripping the hilt of her sword. She could see that her words did not please the orcs for they hissed and glared angrily at her. And then before she could even blink, one of them was charging for her as he waved his bent sword wildly. His comrades had no time to react as she simply spun out of the way of his sword, whirling about and driving the blade of her own deep into his back. He howled in response, dropping his weapon and falling to his knees. She could hear the other two readying their attack and formulated one of her own. While this entire exchange had taken place, the wounded elf had been desperately trying to reach for something to use to help. He had lost his bow, his quiver, and all of his daggers in the battle that had taken place before. Now he was badly hurt and without a weapon, helplessly watching as the she-elf bravely back talked the orcs who threatened the both of them. The she-elf sheathed her sword though it seemed an idiot thing to do, spreading her hands and bowing her head as the old Nandorin words spilled forth from her lips. The spell began to take effect as the orcs charged forward, slowly being taken over by her magic. Soon they were unable to move. Stunned. They glowed a blue color, frozen in their poses with their weapons ready to strike in mid step. She lowered her hands in satisfaction and allowed herself a moment to collect herself and to rest. Using magic took its toll but luckily this was a simple spell and she was herself in no time. And she had very little time left. She returned to the wounded elf and heaved his body over one of her shoulders and felt the strap of her dress fall loose, trailing downward as if to escape. Though she was strong, his weight and the remaining orcs merely stunned at the moment, and who would soon be chasing her added much strain. The injured elf groaned in pain and she tried very hard to quicken her pace. His wounds needed tending to before the assault to his shoulder bled his precious veins and arteries dry. Again she quickened her steps upon hearing the once stunned orcs stampeding after her into the forest. " Leave me. " His voice would have been inaudible to a human's ears. She set her jaw in response, shaking her head once from side to side. She thought him noble; she'd give him that, but quite stupid. Had he not seen her magic? The way she used her sword? In a way she was insulted but swallowed the feeling and instead decided to perceive him as the chivalrous kind. She heard him trying to suppress another groan through his heavy and husky breathing. She wondered somewhere in the back of her head if he was proud or if he was trying to be brave. Given that he had told her to run, to leave him, she opted for the second. There was just something about him that told her he was a good man and she chose to believe that. Hearing the orcs gaining on her, she ceased her running. With the utmost care she sat the elf down against the trunk of a tree. Its whispers asked many a question and she answered every one. She could hear the elf, hanging onto consciousness, his mind racing as he fought to keep awake and to answer the trees as well. His mind was weak, his thoughts breaking as easily as a twig underneath a traveler's foot. She pitied him as his frustration and pain worsened. She knelt down in front of him to get a better look. The blow to his head was still bleeding, as was his shoulder. His fair blonde hair was stained crimson to match the head wound. The gash looked rather deep, skin ripped away and tangled with his locks. His shoulder wasn't much better though the wound was not as messy. The blade that had committed the crime had been shoved straight through. Blood seeped through the fabric and spread at an alarming rate. And the orcs were coming ever closer. She didn't think twice, taking the end of her dress into her fingers and tearing off a majority of the bottom of it. The fabric was thin enough to rip easily. She tied it about his shoulder, wrapping rapidly as the enemies got closer. She tied it off with a knot before pulling out her sword. The sound earned a response from the blonde haired elf. His eyes opened halfway, his irises clouded in his weary state. " Don't speak – I know you'll try to. " She ran her thumb over his brow, unclear as to why she did so. She felt the need to reassure him, to comfort him. " All is well. " " Your name…lady? " He asked weakly. She smiled warmly, somehow knowing that he would disobey her as she had him. " There will be a time for introductions later. " As she spoke the last word she spun around, her sword singing as it swung threateningly. The force cut clear through the closest orc to her, slicing into him easily as if he were butter. It had not the time to even scream, its distorted face frozen in one of pain and fury. The two halves fell apart after the wave of blood spurted out, spraying across her dress. The ruby streaks dripped along the fabric. The last orc was already descending upon the she-elf, hurling himself forward with the tip of his sword aimed at her. Throwing herself aside, she landed with a muffled thud on the blanket of grass, still clutching her sword. When she pushed herself up