Chapter 1 Fire and Desire Life burns like a candle swaying against the breeze and in the end dies trying to hold on to its final light… before fading into the darkness. This is what I feel life holds for my future and existence. Most people would say that life is good for me...great even, but they are looking from the outside through a window that hold false truths. I have every reason to feel lost and confused. This is the most important time of my life. I'm next in line to be Queen of Savor and protector of its other nations. I don't even know how to explain how troubling that is for me. I am the daughter of Queen Renna. She has more power in her one hand than I can ever hope to have in my entire existence. These are the shoes that I have to fill, not just in power but in beauty. My mother is not just beautiful; she is the very essence of it. Her hair flows like an amber sunset down to her waist, sun bronzed skin smooth as the finest silk, and her eyes like my own are gold with a touch of the green like the emerald seas just beyond the horizon lined with fire beating like a heart in its inferno, a goddess to say the least. This is the woman that I'm to succeed someday. That almost seems like a joke to me. Every available man and some that are not adore her or wish to possess her. Above all this, she is the Figira, protector of our people. The Figira is the peace bringer in times of war. My mother is one of a long line of powerful women which has protected our people for hundreds of years; at least since the time of great darkness and sorrow. It is said that the first Figira was given from the gods to give balance and peace so that war can't consume the world. My mother is that balance, she is the queen of four nations Mangor, Lothran, Dothin, and our home the grandest of all palaces, Savor. I've never actually seen her use her powers. I only have heard in passing from those that have, they say she is death in every sense of the word. I know that many fear her and respect her as their leader. I admire her and love her but I fear that I can never be what she wants me to be. I'm 18 years of age even though I look 15; I guess that's my fault for refusing to accept what I am and who I am to become. Until I accept who I am I will not become a woman in the physical sense and remain in a young girl's body. I really want to be a woman but that means accepting who I am and I just don't know who or what that is. I have never wanted this life; I feel like a caged bird. I just want to spend my life as Isabella..no title required. I don't think I will ever be ready; that would be the beginning of my true purgatory. I shake my head at the thought; bringing myself out of my day mare; as I call it. I knew I'm frowning mentally but what I didn't realize is that I was showing it on my face. That was until I heard a laugh that I know so well. I turn my head to see Edward throwing his line into the lake yet again on the hopeless quest of catching fish. Fishing is the on thing that he is bad at and that I am actually good at. I stick out my tongue at him and hold up my bucket full of fish. Edward smiles "It's not lady like to stick out your tongue; you know." I grab a a pebble at my feet and throw it at him. Edward is my best friend and I love him dearly. Edward has always been there for me not because he is told to but truly because he has always wanted to. Edward is also the same age as I and is to be married within the next year to Lady Tanya, also my friend. Tanya is from Dothin our second largest nation. I can't say that I'm happy about that but I know he has no choice or say in it. I don't think he loves her in that way but the marriage is to strengthen the bond of the nations. He never speaks of her to me and I know it's because we are all friends. He acts like he's not sad about it but I know he doesn't want to marry her. I shake my head at the thought because I know that I have a marriage of my own to worry about. The very thought troubles me to my core. I dismiss the thought and instead laugh to myself before responding to his previous comment. "It's not polite to speak to your future queen in that manner." I sneer when he winks my way. "Isabella, you're not the Queen yet and I'm also your best friend. I have some privileges don't I?" he smiles warmly. I look out across Lake Fiona; as I watch the sun take its slow descend. "You will always be able to speak freely with me… but only because I think you're funny... sometimes." As I throw my line back into the water; the sun's warmth begins to dissipate. I grab my water skin and splash water across my face. The Cankos Woods is not hot this time of year but the heat of the sun sings to my skin. I'm often locked away behind the cold walls of the castle. The beauty of the lake is breathtaking to behold with life all around. To add to the enchantment of it all is the Mountains of Passage in all their snow peaked splendor looming in the surrounding distance. The moon is starting to show its alabaster face. It graces the sky as the sun closes its blazing eyes in the east. I turned to Edward," I hope we will always have our secret place here. It is nice to not have people asking questions or making demands of you all the time. Edward is quiet a moment as he stares deep into my eyes, "Isabella, you have to be ready to marry Prince Jacob of Mangor when he comes for your hand and believe me he will soon. Someday you will become Queen to our people…you can't always run from your fears. Life isn't always what we want it to be." he says as he turns away. I watch Edward as he looks off into the sunset, he is beautiful, everything a woman wants and my heart longs to speak the true depths of my soul but I will never hurt Tanya in that way. I think she really cares for Edward even though she acts like she doesn't. I close my eyes against my wants…I know it can never be. Edward clears his throat pausing my longing, "Isabella, what are you thinking about? You look as if you're in pain, are you alright?" I nod my head and try to smile but he sees right through me. Edward walks over and stands before me. I can feel his soft breath on my face as he pulls my chin up to look at him, "Isabella, I will always be at your side to protect you and our people. I will never let harm come to this beautiful face." His eyes burns into my own and for a moment I see something else there. No it couldn't be. Edward closes his eyes and turns away holding his head…in frustration. "This is our future Isabella, we can't change it. I am who I am and you are who you are. This time in our lives are coming to an end we are no longer children that can run and hide from what is on the other side of those mountains; Someone is always ready for a chance to take our lands away from us. We have to be ready, I've heard talk of a rebellion on the rise from the south even within our own nations. The other nations in the west lands want our rich farm lands and plentiful livestock. Their numbers are growing as we speak and when the battle comes we have to be ready to defend our freedom and our people. You must take…. a husband, a prince. We have to strengthen the bonds of our people and show them we are still able to come together for the betterment of our people. There has not been a King on the throne since your father King Phillip was killed. Your mother will not take another husband so that leaves…you. Your mother is the strongest of the Figira there has ever been. She has been keeping the lands safe all these years by herself but her time as queen is drawing to an end. You are to take her place and you have yet to make the change in your heart or mind." I look down so he can't see the sadness that clouds my heart. The changes that our lives are going to take will rip us apart…I don't know if I can stand that kind of pain. Edward grabs my shoulders as he waits for me to look at him. "There has to be a man that you are attracted to; if not Jacob." My head snaps up in defiance. "I haven't been looking. I know I am to be his bride and when the time comes I will do my duty and accept him as my husband." The words rip my heart into pieces. This is what Edward wants and I will not disappoint him. His eyes search mine looking for answers to what? I turn my head away from his intense stare. I walk over to my log and began to gather my things. Anger churns inside of me and I drop down on the log before I spill my every want and desire to him. This is so unfair and I have to stand by and let it be so. "So this is it, we can't come here anymore? That's why you agreed to bring me here today because you knew this would be the last time…didn't you?" I can feel my tears threatening to betray me. My feelings for Edward in my heart has always been more than friendly; even though I know he has never so much as looked at me in any other way. Edward lays his reel on the log and walks over and sits next to me. His closeness blooms erupts a wave of butterflies in my belly. "Isabella this is not what I want but I don't see any other way. I will have to start courting Tanya soon and that will take up most of my free time when I'm not training as a soldier." He puts his hands in his hair. "Prince Jacob will not want me with you all the time when he comes, friend or not. Tanya will not feel comfortable that her future husband is spending more time with her friend than her." He smiles at me, but I can see it doesn't touch his eyes. I smile back in response. I take a deep breath and lock away my emotions. I will not make him feel bad when he is trying to do what is right for our people. I rest my head on his shoulder not wanting to ruin our last day together. "Isabella, you know you can tell me anything, so what is the real reason behind your resistance?" He waits with a patient smile. I lay my reel to rest between two stones at my feet as I think