Chapter One / The Town Charlie drove me home at a depressingly fast speed, the Welcome to Forks sign hit me way before I was ready, and I couldn't help but regretting my decision to move back to Forks immediately. "You okay over there, Bells?" Charlie noticed my sudden stiffness, regarding me curiously with one eye while the other was on the road. I guess over the past three years his awareness to people's emotions had increased, because three years ago, Charlie never would of noticed my body stiffening, or maybe he did, he just didn't want to ask. "Yeah, dad." I gripped onto the bottom of my seat as a looming brown building came into my eyesight, "I'm just fine." The first thing you noticed when coming into Forks, other than the mist and the woods, was Forks High School. A two-story building with just enough room to fit four hundred students and a small faculty, and also the place I'd been having nightmares about the past three years. "It's good to have you back home, even if you don't want to be here." Charlie said after a few minutes of silence, shocking me so much I couldn't reply immediately. But by the time my mind had processed his words, we were home. Home being the same place my mother Renee had stormed out of fifteen years ago trying to find herself, I couldn't exactly remember her leaving, but from how much crap Bree had talked about her and the stories I'd heard about that day, I knew enough to know it wasn't peaceful. "Go on in." Charlie said when I tried helping him grab my two suitcases out of the trunk of his police car, "I've got your bags. Just go make yourself right at home." I knew arguing with him would be pointless, so I let myself in through the old red front door, and ignoring the main floor, dashed my way up the stairs to my old bedroom. It was just how I'd remembered it, painful, filled with too many memories. My room was painted a pale purple color I'd loved as a kid, but the paint was peeling around the edges, something Edward had always sad "added character" because he watched too many home designing shows with Esme. My bed was full sized, centered between two bedsides tables covered in dusty photographs from a happier lifetime. My eyes lingered on the one closest to my bed, one with three smiling kids, two girls with dark hair and a darker skinned boy with chubby cheeks. A sharp pang filled my stomach, I instinctively reached out to the picture frame and threw it on the floor before kicking it under my bed, I never wanted to see it again. "Bella." Charlie suddenly was right outside the door, three suitcases had somehow been lugged up the stairs behind him and he was standing there, looking at me with this sad look that made me know he'd seen me kick the picture frame. "Thanks." I grabbed my suitcases from him and rolled them in, trying not to meet his sad expression. "Anytime." He said after a few seconds of awkward silence, and then without saying anything else I heard his heavy shoes clomp down the stairs, and the backdoor swing open a few moments later. Sighing, I laid down on the bed, tearing at my old beat-up and way too young looking comforter, and starting messing around in my suitcases. I hadn't packed much of my old stuff, only what I knew I'd miss. In Phoenix I'd tried to change myself in an attempt to be happy, I'd had my third kiss with a boy I'd actually liked, I'd replaced my hoodies and jeans from Forks for skirts and frilly blouses-courtesy to Renee for buying me cute clothes- and had gone out every other weekend with girls I'd actually labeled decent enough to be friends with. But that was states away, and I was back to being jeans and hoodie Bella now. I decided, after close inspection, that the only thing I liked about this room now was the tall white bookshelf by the window, where my precious babies laid, unread for so long and just begging me to open them again. The writers names floated off the page and nestled themselves into my heart, Bronte, Austen, Twain, Shakespeare. For a second I forgot that I was back in the very place I'd cried about visiting for the past few years and was submerged in the thought of cuddling up in the living room by the fire and reading. That was, until the sound of a downpour hit the roof, and I remember where I was. Forks, Washington. The rainiest place on the west coast, and my imprisonment until I could graduate and head out East for a change. I unpacked slowly, taking my time to sort out old things from my room I no longer wanted, and ended up with shoving a huge pile of stuff either too old, dusty, childlike, or painful to look at in the back of my closet and let out a deep sigh of relief when I realized it was all gone, and that my room was almost completely bare of character now. I wondered what Edward Cullen would say about that. I hadn't heard from him since I'd returned here once after moving to see the baby, and after that, silence. Edward was one of the older brothers of my good friend, Alice. One year my minor and the baby of the Cullen clan, she was the only person from Forks other than my father I'd kept in contact with, and the one person I was looking forward to seeing. After cleaning out the painful things it was easy to unpack. Two of the suitcases were clothes, which consisted of jeans, sweats, yoga pants, Bears hoodies, a couple cute blouses I'd tagged along, and three dresses I couldn't part with that I figured I'd wear at least once up here. I suppose some of the girly Bella had hidden on the plane ride up here and never left me, after all. My last suitcase was the smallest, and the most personal one. From it I grabbed my little black notebook I kept hidden safer than the Holy Grail, a couple books I'd brought from Phoenix, a picture collage frame my friends from Phoenix had put together as a parting present, and a single necklace hidden in a sock that I couldn't bare to look at yet. By the time I was done unpacking and cleaning I was exhausted, and it was getting late. Downstairs I could hear Charlie clanging away in the kitchen, and despite my eyes only being halfway open, and tomorrow being my first day back, I forced myself to change into sweats and a wife beater before making my way downstairs. "Are you okay, dad?" I peered cautiously into the kitchen, wary of what Charlie could be doing in here by himself. And being shocked at the outcome. From the oven I smelled something delicious, and I noticed rolls on the table, along with a pitcher of sweet tea. "Fine, Bells. Why you asking?" He turned from the stove to look at me curiously, his thick eyebrows scrunching up high on his head. "I'm not used to seeing you cook." I admit bashfully, "You never did when before I moved." He shrugs, turning his attention back to whatever he's cooking. "I had to live by myself. After the baby your sister moved into an apartment with that boy. And you moved with Renee. I had to learn to take care of myself." Something behind my eyes starts to sting, and I slowly realize that I'm tearing up. "Its all good though." He says casually, like he doesn't realize that he's hurt me, which he probably hasn't, because he's still focused on his food, pork chops, I see suddenly. "I'm a grown man now, it's about time I learned how to fend for myself." I smile faintly. "You can take on criminals, but you couldn't cook food until you were middle aged." He winks at me quickly, his lip turned up in a smile very much like my own, and I can see why Renee would of fallen in love with my dad back when she was young and threw caution to the wind. In the end Charlie shares his pork chops with me, making small talk here and there, never lingering on a subject too long before changing it. Its like he's trying to figure out what he can and can't talk to me about. "Are you excited about seeing Alice tomorrow?" He asks out of the blue, going from a conversation about Phoenix's baseball team to my old friend suddenly. "Kind of." I shrug mid-bite, "I miss her. Nobody in Phoenix could match her spunk, and she's the only one I've kept up with from Forks." "She's still spunky." He smiles, and I remember how much Charlie loved Alice when we were kids and she'd spend all her time over at my house. She was like a third daughter to him… "And how are the three brothers?" I cant help but asking, my mind thinking of an old busted teddy bear I'd seen laying in the corner of my floor upstairs, the only thing of my old life I hadn't thrown in the closet. "They're good." Charlie says after chewing more slowly than usual. "Emmett, he's probably going to college for football. He's a linebacker, and one of the best I've seen at his age and level in my life." He grins widely, like Emmett's his own son. "And the other two?" I press on, wondering about the oldest triplet brother, Edward. "Edwards good too," this time he talks with a mouthful of food. "When he's not in trouble with those La Push boys, ever since Aro died there's been a rivalry between the La Push teens and Forks." I slowly see Charlie change from dad to police chief in just a few seconds. "You heard about that, right?" I nod. "Sam Ulley- Billy's nephew. Got into some fight with Aro in a club in Port Angeles and killed em', got a knife out and stabbed Aro straight through the heart like you'd stake a vampire." Charlie shook his head in disgust. "A damn shame too, Aro, while he wasn't someone I'd approve for you, he was a good kid. Just graduated college and everything, then Sam goes and messes it all up just over a bar brawl. Shame." "And what's that got to do with Edward?" "You know what Bella. Aro was like Edwards role model, he was the prom king for Forks his senior year, and when he died, all of Forks got offended. And when Sam got locked up, all of La Push got offended too. Since there's been more fights in Forks than there is at an MMA fight. Edwards usually in em too, always trying to save James." A pudgy face and curly blonde hair pops in mind when I think of James Cullen, and I wonder what that little boy would be doing in so many fights. "I see what you're thinking, Bells. James has changed a lot since you left; he's met drugs from Seattle and gang members with guns. He's not safe, there's always one runt in the litter, Carlisle and Esme's just ended up being a boar." The rest of our dinner we talk about lighter subjects, like what classes I'm signed up to take, and how Mr. Stanely caught his wife with her massage therapist a year ago. I soon find myself in bed, relaxed, and listening to the rain. Trying to not think about how terrible tomorrow may be. /O/ In the morning I'm woke up by a loud honk from outside my window, and being introduced to my 'new' car. And old beat down burgundy truck