Disclaimer: Characters, settings, and themes from the Harry Potter universe are property of J.K Rowling. I neither own, nor am making profit from the writing or sharing of this story. Beta Love: OlivieBlake is wonderful for dealing with all my writer woes With Peter in detention for something Sirius did (but wouldn't cop to) and James and Sirius at Quidditch practice, Remus smiled and let out a deep breath. The dorm was blessedly quiet and this meant he would have time to himself—time for personal things. Remus walked over to the foot of Sirius' bed and unlocked his trunk with a quick spell. "Pads, you really need to use a better charm," he mumbled to himself as he rummaged around in the trunk's rather odorous contents. Week-old food stolen from the Great Hall was tossed aside - along with chocolate wrappers from his own stash - in favor of a tall green bottle. He lifted it in triumph and unscrewed the lid. Rocking back on his heels, Remus sat at the foot of the bed and used slender fingers to waft the familiar scent upward. His eyes drooped low and a throaty moan turned into a deep groan while he sucked his lower lip in between his teeth. The scent was all masculine, with its strong musk and hints of pine. Occasionally, he caught something light; something that felt like flying. Remus closed the trunk, its scattered contents forgotten—Sirius wouldn't notice anyway. He snatched the bottle back and walked to his bed, climbing in eagerly before shutting the curtains. Once tucked neatly inside, he stripped his shirt off, running a hand down his chest so it just barely dipped into his trousers. His other hand was fully occupied with the bottle as he used one finger to dip into the amber liquid, swirling it around the glass mouth before moving to a nipple. There, he rolled and dipped and pinched. His hips followed this sinuous motion, lifting and grinding together as shots of electricity stole through from oily nipple to toes writhing in the bedclothes. The hand running up his chest moved down, tracing the outline of his cock through his trousers, feeling it jump beneath the light pressure. He sucked his lower lip back in, biting down on a grunt as he increased his grip, pushing up into his hand. He turned back to the bottle, inhaling deeply, his finger dipping into the liquid to smear it across his chest. There, it tingled as his skin warmed the oil, allowing it to trickle as it spread out slowly. His palm flattened, rubbing it in as he rubbed harder elsewhere, too. The fingers of his other hand were just starting to work open the fly of his trousers when he heard— "That's right rubbish about Frank. The bludger only broke two bones. Surely he could have finished practice! He wasn't even screaming." "C'mon Sirius. We'll get to fly tomorrow. That's two in two days. We just have to wait for him to mend is all." "Right, and in the meantime, Ravenclaw gets the pitch today. That's just what we need." "We'll still beat 'em, Pads. Stop being such a slug." "Valentine's Day practice. What rubbish. We have better things to be doing." James punched Sirius as they ascended the stairwell to the seventh-year dorm. When they reached the landing, James had Sirius in a headlock and both were struggling not to fall backward or sideways or crumble on top of the other. Sirius reached a hand out and tickled the back of James' knee and he jerked out to the side. "No fair, Pads!" He started laughing and released the raven-haired boy. "Fine, I give for now." Sirius grinned and moved to enter the dorm. "Wait!" "What?" An arm shot out, preventing him from moving anywhere. "Moony's curtains are closed." Sirius raised his eyebrows. "Do you think he, ya know, pulled?" Sirius squinted, looking carefully at the other boy's bed. "Don't see a tie. Marauder's code and all that." James wrinkled his nose. "True. Maybe ickle Moonykins needed a nap!" He laughed, then hushed them both. "Shh, did you hear that?" There was silence for a moment, until, very softly, they heard a moan. "Fuck, is he?" "I think so. Forgot his silencing charm, the prat." James' face lit up. "Prongs, maybe we shouldn't." "C'mon, Pads. The prat deserves it. How many times has he rattled on at us for silencing charms?" "There is that." James tiptoed forward into the room, careful to avoid the squeaky floorboard that always gave them away when James or Sirius let a guest out in the middle of the night. Sirius stayed back at the stairs, knowing that two sets of feet were more likely to give them away. When James carefully pulled the curtain back enough to peek inside, he just stood there, not saying a word. Sirius waited what seemed like an hour before creeping up behind James. He was concerned for the well-being of his best mate, he told himself. Why hadn't he shouted something fantastic at Moony? Why hadn't he thrown the curtain wide? By the time Sirius crept up behind James, the moans started up again-and what he saw was not anything like what he expected. Instead of seeing Remus having a private wank, he saw his mate lying on his bed rubbing his—wait, was that his? Yes! That was his bloody broom oil Remus was rubbing onto his nipples. Oh. He was… Now he was… Oh . "Need some help with that, mate?" James jumped in front of Sirius, gripping the curtains and nearly ripping them from the bed frame. Remus scrambled on the bed, tipping some of the oil on his chest in his rush to move away from the two boys hovering in the opening. He withdrew the hand from his cock and fumbled to right the bottle before any more spilled out. A fiery blush bloomed from the middle of his chest up to the roots of his hair and he stammered wordlessly. All Remus saw was Sirius and James standing in the opening of his bed curtains, sweaty and in partial quidditch uniform. They wore leather guards on their trousers and James still had his jersey on. Sirius was bare-chested and breathing deeply. "Ya all right, Moony?" Remus hesitated. "I-I-what the fuck are you doing back so soon?" "That's not the answer I was hoping for." Sirius moved forward, searching for the cap to the oil and screwing it on tightly. "You'll have to explain this, though," he said, gesturing to the bottle. "You've used rather a lot of it. And you took it from my trunk." "I—" Sirius didn't give him time to answer; he tossed the bottle of oil aside and crawled toward Remus on the bed. Sirius lifted a finger toward the cowering boy and ran it up his chest, sliding around in the oil there. He hummed to himself, licking his lips before pinching Remus' nipple between two fingers. "Did you know this stuff is bad for your skin?" Remus shook his head. "You really shouldn't leave it on for very long, Moony. It can make you do very bad things." Sirius was hovering over him now, his hips dropped low over Remus'. He looked back to James. "You coming?" The words seemed to instill life in James, who ripped his shirt off and climbed in the bed on the other side of Remus. "You okay with this, Moony?" He couldn't respond; he just nodded once. Sirius' feral grin split his face in half. "James, do you think our Moony has ever been with anyone?" Sirius had one of Remus' nipples between his teeth, a hand gripping his ribs tightly. Remus could only gasp. "Not as far as I know," James supplied helpfully. "Do you want to fix that?" James looked to Sirius and waited to see if the other boy was just playing around, but his hands were already ducking beneath Remus' waistband. Remus didn't seem able to answer. "Remus, are you sure you're okay with this?" He didn't respond, his head thrown back, mouth agape. James grabbed his hair, yanking him forward. Remus gulped, staring wide-eyed at his two best friends. "Answer me." "Yes." He barely got the word out before Sirius was undoing the buttons of Remus' trousers, tugging both them and his pants down over an erect cock. Sirius leaned forward to lick up its length, giving it a hard squeeze before backing off. Remus lay there paralyzed as Sirius leaned toward James and kissed him. Their tongues writhed over his belly and they stripped pieces of uniform off one another as if they'd been doing it for years. For all he knew, they had. Once the three of them were divested of all clothing, Sirius positioned Remus in the middle. He leaned forward to kiss Remus, the latter hesitant and stuttering in his movements. Sirius drew circles on his chest as they breathed together, his tongue slowly coaxing Remus' into ever-more eager play. James was busy with a hand wrapped around Remus' cock, stroking slowly, occasionally dipping down to roll his balls between fingers and listen to the moans captured by Sirius' mouth. James had his other hand on his own cock, lazily pumping to the point where he felt tension build low in his belly and then stopped, focusing his attention once again on Remus. The three of them began to slide against one another in a sort of rhythm, using more than just the oil Remus started out with. Sweat glistened across their skin as they inhaled and exhaled the aromas of sex and broom polish and desire. It wasn't a code. It wasn't being mates. It was the real knowledge of lovers and brotherhood that pulled them together in that space. "Remus?" Sirius felt the other boy try to pull back, pull away from the hand on his cock and the tongue laving at his collarbone. "Remus, are you ready?" He wasn't ready. He wasn't ready in any sense of the word—physically, mentally, emotionally— oh, god, his emotions were roiling up one side and down the other, much like James' tongue. "We don't…" Sirius trailed off, letting the implication hang in the charged silence. "I want to." Remus' hand came up between them then; he whispered sentiments with his fingers against Sirius' jaw, dropped unsaid assurances he didn't quite feel down his neck and onto his chest. Remus leaned forward on his elbows and nuzzled into the crook of Sirius' side. "I want this." Sirius tilted Remus' jaw up and kissed him. It was a soft kiss; a gentle kiss. They stayed there until James nudged him away and stole Remus for his own. Sirius laughed and jumped off the bed. Remus tried to watch where he went, only to laugh himself when he returned with the broom oil. "It'll make it easier. Budge up." He slapped Remus on the hip and waited for him to move. "James, lie down. We all know how much you like your ego stroked." James grinned and lay back on the bed with his hands behind his head. "Remus, have you ever sucked a cock?" The lanky boy looked back at him and shook his head. "Watch your teeth. I'll be gentle so he doesn't bite your bits off, yeah?" Sirius laughed at James as he covered his cock in mock injury. "All right, Remus. All fours over James." Remus looked back at him as if he was preparing for his first transformation in front of the boys again. "I promise we'll take care of you." Sirius kissed him again, then nudged him with a gentle hand. With Remus in place, Sirius moved between his legs. Sirius watched for a moment as James encouraged Remus to lick a stripe up the bottom of his length, rolling his bottom lip in when he swirled around the head. Remus opened his mouth and dropped lower. Both of them