Disclaimer: Characters, settings, themes, etc. from the Harry Potter universe are property of J.K Rowling. I make no profit from the writing or sharing of this story. I would like to put out a very sincere thank you to olivieblake, who continues to be a patient beta reader and friend to me while I continue to flail around in this journey called writing. The heave and sweat of bodies is mesmerizing. They push and pull at him—hands touching, grabbing, swiping at him as if they're compelled to do so, but it's a very different kind of compulsion that pulls at them. He avoids looking in their eyes, avoids making any sort of connection. Every time he looks across the room through a blank in the wall of flesh, he sees him . He shakes the sweat from his face, dizzy with it, before he can stop the motion. His feet are planted hip-width apart on the floor and he's pushing away the hands at his waist while he sees the slither of a tongue dart out at him—red eyes locked on him. Harry's eyes close and he's bracing for the inevitable, reaching for his wand. Someone bumps him from behind, latches on with thick palms at his hips and he's shoved from the moment. When his eyes open again, he's gone. He looks around frantically, but he's not there. Scrubbing at his eyes, Harry opens and closes them a few times before leaning back against the body behind him, starting to feel the thrum of the music again. They never stay for long. Tongues loll against his neck and fingers roam beneath the tight shirt he wears, but they drift away and he's lost again to the mass on the floor. He's just another part of the crowd; another cog in the machine that keeps turning over and over again as the night moves forward. He doesn't say anything when someone starts to purposefully move him toward the wall. There's more room to breathe and he's been in the thick of it all night. He's facing the empty space—feeling instead of watching—because he doesn't want to watch. He doesn't want to put a face to the body that writhes against his, to the cock pressing against his arse in those tight denims. By the time he's dragged out the back door, words are decidedly in the off position. He should have talked to the man. Should have gotten a fucking name. It probably wouldn't have been real—would have been less real than the hand that's shoved down his denims and stroking through the sweat puddled there, dipping in and swirling around his cock as a sort of backwoods lube. Harry moans into the hollow of a shadow, grasping but finding himself shoved face-first against the wall. There are no words. There are filthy hands tearing and leaving streaks in the sour waste of their bodies. There is no lube but for a spit-shine and thrust—tearing, tearing—and screams, muffled screams as fingers are shoved in his mouth. He bites so hard he feels the tang of copper mingle with fear seeping from the corner of his mouth. The bricks scrape at his brow, leaving pieces of muggle dust as if to say, I belong here, I'm part of you now . Afterward, lying in the black arms of a dumpster, he begins to crawl. A fingernail chips away and the knuckle stutters as he gasps harshly into the night, but there are no words. When he reaches his wand, he realizes he cannot cast a Patronus; instead, he lays there, fumbling with the slender piece of wood until his stomach empties itself across his outslung arm. He doesn't remember getting home. He doesn't remember the in-between days. All he knows is the spray of the shower on his skin when he wakes and the way it scalds away the dirt—the way it can never take away the feel of him; the way he still feels him. Harry showers multiple times a day, skin pinked each time in an effort to be rid of him , but it isn't working. It's not working and he doesn't know what to do. Monday and Tuesday are easy to fake. He calls off with food poisoning and gets a "That's poor luck, mate," in return. Wednesday is not easy. He sits on the edge of his bed and stares at his feet, wondering if they will carry him to the Ministry, wondering if maybe he will see him on the way there. Harry scrubs at his eyes, digs his nails in lightly, then drags himself over for another shower. He can't eat in the mornings. Nausea threatens to overwhelm him, so he deals with the hunger instead. By the time he makes it to work, his stomach is roiling, calling out to anyone within earshot that it is hungry-upset-miserable. Harry clenches his jaw, snapping out hasty greetings to those who dare speak to him. They cock their heads like chickens staring at a strange new threat in the coop, but go about their business all the same. Ron ignores the behavior. "What did you eat, mate? I want to be sure that I have no part in it." He's chuckling to himself as he fiddles with the papers in Harry's cubicle. Harry glares up at him. It takes a moment, but when Ron realizes no answer is forthcoming, he holds his hands up. "All right then. What's cocked up your morning?" The phrasing makes Harry cringe, and he stands up quickly, rushing to the bathroom. He's barely there before the water he drank comes back up on him. Some of it splashes on his trousers and he spells it away, resting his head against the wall. He tries to breathe, but it's shallow and not enough. He can't seem to get enough oxygen. His hands brace against the wall and then he feels him and then he can feel him, hear the grunts and the breath at his ear and Harry spins around to see Ron looking at him with concern—only concern. Harry wipes at his face and heads over to the sink. He splashes cold water repeatedly over his eyes and mouth, then waits. It never takes Ron very long. "Still sick, Harry?" Harry nods. It's all he can do, though the room is still spinning. "Maybe you should go home. You look a bit peaky. I'm sure Robards will understand." He barks a laugh. "You and I both know he won't." The words are quiet, but Ron nods in sympathy. He leaves Harry alone to gather himself. Thursday is field work—observation—and Harry is alone. He finds this easier, though he's on edge the entire time. After his shift, he pours himself through the Floo and collapses on the couch. Between watching over his shoulder and looking for the "Death Eater" he'd been tasked to find, Harry kept his eyes open and his body tense the entire day. Friday morning finds him sprawled across the couch, still asleep from where he'd fallen last night. "Shit." He scrambles to the shower, rushes to wash away as much as he can, and throws a semi-clean set of robes on. By the time he reaches his desk, he sees a note from Ron saying they're in the training room. One breath to rock his head back on his neck and a quick exhale before running down the hall is all he allows himself. "You're late, Potter," Robards yells across the room. Ron looks at him sheepishly, continuing his lift set in the corner. Harry nods, swallowing thickly. "Because of your incompetence, this lot has been working out an extra half hour. I hope they thank you in today's exercises." He grins at Harry, who strips out of his robe and begins the list of prescribed sets on the wall. "Sorry," Harry grumbles as he nears Ron. Ron shakes his head, sweat dripping across his brow. "It's all right mate," he exhales deeply. "I just wish you would tell us what's going on." Harry pointedly ignores the request and moves into lateral squats. The rest of the group finishes well before Harry, but Robards keeps them at it. He hurries through the movements, clumsy and often miscounting. "Keep at it, Potter. They'll be at this all day and then you'll really have to watch yourself out there." The barbs weren't helping, as he could feel eyes on him from across the room. Each time he looked up, he caught others staring at him and he balked. It just made things worse. Robards laughed at him and he could feel his palms sweat, the bar between his fingers slip just a touch. "Get a grip, Harry. You can get through this." The words coming from Ron are both tired irritation and friendly motivation, though Harry is struggling to distinguish between the two. He finishes. "About time, Potter. Thought you'd never get done. This lot was about to expire on me." The rest of the group stops, exhaustion ringing clear through the room. Robards' glee shines in the feral grin that plasters itself across his face. "All right everyone. That's enough lollygagging. Up on your feet!" His wand flourishes a quick spell and the room is cleared of equipment. "We're starting hand-to-hand today." "But—" another trainee starts to cut him off, glaring. Brave, or stupid, Harry's not sure, but she continues. "—sir, shouldn't we be practicing defensive magic?" Robards walks toward her. He crowds her against the wall, pins her wand arm to her side where he knows her holster is. "Now tell me, Bolton, how are you going to work high-level defensive magic against me without your wand?" She gulps audibly. "Thought so." He spins to face the group. "We practice hand-to-hand because it's something you need to know. You are Aurors, not desk jockeys. If we just wanted you to know book learning, we'd have you back in Hogwarts!" There are a couple of snickers from across the room and Harry turns to glare at them. They quiet, but Robards doesn't pay them any mind. "Potter!" Harry looks up, expecting a fist to come flying at him. Instead the group parts and he sighs, walking forward to meet Robards. "Who wants first crack?" The question is simple, but Harry's shoulders tense and he forces his head to stay still rather than spin about the room. Someone steps forward, though they're shielded behind him. He hopes it's Ron. Robards nods at them and Harry turns to see—Dean. The other man is taller than him, his body is leaner, though he's not as wiry as he looks. Harry knows Dean has the reach on him, has the height, but Harry's done this a few times. He's not sure Dean has. "Let's see what you make of each other then." They start circling, arms up in some sort of mock fighting stance. He watches Dean's eyes, sees a flicker of consideration and then he's got a fist at his shoulder. Harry grunts, but lifts his elbow to roll it off. He swings with his opposite arm, catching Dean in the chest as he leans back. It's a glancing blow and they're back to circling. There's sweat pooling on his nose now, his glasses slipping down his nose. He didn't have time to cast the sticking charm he likes to use before any sort of physical activity, so they're likely to come off. In the span of five seconds that he's thinking about his glasses, Dean stalks closer with both fists in front of his face. He takes a wide swing at Harry and in the scramble to move away, Harry stumbles. He's on the ground and Dean is on top of him, swinging at his kidneys. Harry collapses to the floor, unable to protect himself. Instead, he's screaming wordlessly, bare hands splayed as if to shield his naked arse. The room is loud—so loud, and all he can hear is the