Rivendell, The Last Homely House East of the Sea, was famously known across Middle Earth and all of its inhabitants for the seemingly everlasting peace and beauty. It was the home the wise elvish folk who had a strong taste for finery and sophistication. Rivendell was strategically placed in a beauty valley on the foothills of the Misty Mountains that lay to the West and was filled with majestic waterfalls. During the night, the golden glow of the sunlight fades to allow moonlight to bath the place in an enchanting glow. All those who had paid their eyes upon this place was enchanted by the sheer beauty of the place and its people. The Lord of the people goes by the name of Elrond who holds a strong and unbelievably wise soul and would extend assistance to any person in need. His strength of a warrior and healing hand was legendary in stories and songs of beyond the elvish folk. His eyes seen far too many wars and darkness in these lands. Evil thrived in the darkness and grew impossibly strong from ignorant eyes of the inhabitants of Middle Earth. It was Lord Elrond who has called upon old alliances of all races to join together in hopes of destroying evil from Middle Earth once and for all. The main assisting factor of this evil resided in a single Ring that ended in an innocent halfing's hands. A Ring that caused such trauma and burden in lands far and wide due to its disastrous Master of Darkness. Wars ignited in flames over this golden band for the soul of darkness was forever attached to this Ring. It was this Ring that caused Lord Elrond to call upon old alliances in hopes of destroying this Ring. Faithful friends of old and old enemies who've decided to laid down arms arrived in his majestic place for the common good of Middle Earth. Lords of Men, Dwarves, Elves and Wizards arrived in a secluded part of Rivendell to hold a council meeting. Each race eyed the other with great observation and suspicion of their motives with clear tension that vibrated the atmosphere. Men could not ignore the awkward and resentful tension radiating from the elves as dwarves openly glared at their long time elvish enemy due to a complicated past. It was a miracle that these lords of these races accepted the council invitation in the beginning. There was a nudge at the back of their minds that was impossible to ignore, even for elves, that there was a sole woman in this council. Women were not typically allowed in councils due to the apparent lack of knowledge and weak statures. Women were to be protected from danger of any sort and believed that they should avoid any sort of danger. Eyes continuously glanced at this woman that broke an unspoken taboo of joining a council that sat at the far left between a famously known wizard and a young man. Donning a royal blue cloak that hung from her small shoulders with a silver diadem place delicately on top of her dark hair, this woman carried herself in such a sophisticated and royal manner that it made the males question themselves ceaselessly. She seemed to radiate great confidence and pride without trying. All thought of this strange woman moved to the back of their heads the moment Lord Elrond stood from his chair that overlooked the ring of races. "Strangers from distant lands, friends of old, you have been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor. Middle Earth stands upon the brink of destruction; none can escape it. You will unite, or you will fall. Each race is bound to this fate, this one doom. Bring forth the Ring, Frodo." Curious eyes of the council followed the small stature of the young hobbit, Frodo, as he walked slowly to the centre of the council. In a cautious movement, Frodo gently placed a golden band on top of the stone pedestal for all eyes to witness for the first time in centuries. This golden band of simplicity was the core of all evil for the soul of Sauron was attached to this. Darkness lingered around this soul that whispered dark thoughts in the ears of the members of the council. Some gasped outwardly while others cringed at the hisses of evil. It constricted the air which made breathing difficult and clutch at people's heart. A tight tension of silence overcame the atmosphere as all looked at the golden band. A blond man, from the far right area of the ring of council members, jumped to his feet with eyes transfixed on the Ring. His blond hair swished around his head as he slowly began walking towards the stone pedestal, "In a dream, I saw the Eastern sky grow dark but in the West, a pale light lingered. A voice was crying, 'Your doom is near at hand. Isildur's Bane is found.'...Isildur's Bane..." His wide hand tentatively reached out from his side towards the Ring. "Boromir!" Lord Elrond's booming voice pierced the air as he issued a warning to the man, Boromir. His eyes narrowed, calculating the Man's movements. Paying no heed to the elven lord, Boromir continued to pace around the stone pedestal with a cunning expression on his face as he looked around the council, "It is a gift. A gift to the foes of Mordor. Why not use this Ring? Long has my father, the Steward of Gondor, kept the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands safe. Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy! Let us use it against him!" Another man, not far from where Boromir once sat, sighed heavily and looked pointedly at him, "You cannot wield it. None of us can. The One Ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master." "And what would a Ranger know of this matter?" Boromir scoffed and sneered down his nose at the dark haired man who looked unaffected by the blunt rudeness. It was clear the the blond was raised in such a manner of strict hierarchy that allowed him to look down upon those who he deems unworthy. "This is no mere Ranger." A silvery blond haired elf sharply stated as he rose to his feet with an air of royalty, "This is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your alliance." "This is Isildur's Heir?" Disbelief was clear on the man's face as he stared at Aragorn with wide eyes. Aragorn raised a brow of disinterest at the man's bewilderment. All eyes watched the exchange between the three males that only added to the tension in the air. The elf narrowed his eyes a fraction at Boromir as he stated that the heir of Gondor sat before all of them. The blood of Isildur ran through this Man's vein which caused Aragorn every right to rule Gondor. It was his rightful fate. The moment Boromir sneered down at the man that Gondor is in no need of a king in utmost disrespect that is when an unexpected thing occurred. A small scoff was heard behind Boromir. He turned around in bewilderment as to whom would dare to disrespect him. It was the woman donned in royal blue. The bold colour was a great contrast from the heavenly gold casted upon Rivendell and the calmer toned clothing that the council men wore. Boromir watched the woman roll her eyes in exasperation before glaring at the ignorance of this man. "What part of 'you cannot wield the One Ring' , do you not understand, Boromir of Gondor? It is filled with darkness that easily corrupts any mind it crosses paths with. We have been summoned here to discuss ways to rid Middle Earth of a potential destruction." The sharp voice of the woman called out with eyes narrowed on the man. All emotions were void from her face as she observed this blond man. A silence overcame the council as the members watched in bewilderment of the woman's nerve. Typically women did not partake in matter concerning serious matters nor did they speak out of term. Boromir took her words in deep offence as he stared at her in deep shock. "It is laughable that you act knowledgable of such matters. You know nothing. Learn your place, woman. You do not belong in a council such as this. Women such as yourselves belong in the servant quarters and respect their superiors. It is evident that your scum parents taught nothing about respect." The moment Boromir uttered such disrespectful words, the dark haired male beside the woman made a move to stand in defensive with rage flaring in his eyes. His movements halted when the woman held out a stiff arm to block his way. Unease radiated off the males due to the sweet smile on her face. No words came from her mouth as she stood to her feet slowly. The woman held herself in a noble manner with chin upwards and back straightened that made the men uneasy due to the sweet smile on her lips. "I do wonder what dear old daddy would think of his son's lack of manners to women and superiors. Allow me to teach you a fact or two, Boromir of Gondor." Her words were heavy with false politeness with mockery laced in. The members of the council watched her as she leaned behind her chair to grab a particular staff. The wooden staff had a large mystic gem that glowed a mysterious blue. The woman strongly planted the staff in front of her with her chin jutted upwards. A mischievous star twinkled in her eyes as her sweet smile distorted into a sly smirk, "Allow me to introduce myself to you. I am Lady Nienna Ancalime, daughter of Alatar the Blue, one of the Guardians of Middle Earth." Silence overcame the entire council as the younger members registered this information with deep shock. It was known throughout Middle Earth of the council of higher status individuals that consisted of very powerful and wise elves and all wizards. The five wizards of Middle Earth were known for being magic wielders and maintaining peace amongst the races. These five wizards were not known to have families due to their busy and tedious lifestyles. With this strange woman, Nienna Ancalime, caused great waves of question forming in the minds of the council. "Ignorance is what caused the darkness to grow tremendously underneath the eyes of the inhabitants of Middle Earth. It is the reason why Lord Elrond summoned each of us here to discuss the fate of the civilians. I would suggest that you, future Steward of Gondor, to not judge harshly before you lash your tongue that is filled with ignorance ." "Nienna ." A sharp voice cut through the dangerously bright blow that was emitting from her staff as she fixed an intense glare on Boromir. In a sudden motion, the glow halted as Nienna glanced at the man she stopped from jumping at Boromir. The blood relation between the two was clearly evident from the bone structure to the hairs on their head. What was remarkably distinct from any other race was their eyes: it was a rich violet. The two related individuals stared each down with each intense gaze in a silent conversation. There was a slightly higher dominance that the man possessed which caused the woman to let out the smallest of breaths. With a nod of her head, Nienna returned to her chair not before she sent Boromir a smug smirk at his stunned expression on his face. "Aragorn and Nienna are right. We cannot use it." Gandalf, one of the few wizards in Middle Earth, stated in a serious tone. With blue eyes watching the entire exchange with Nienna and the two men. Keen observational skills was needed for particular times such as these, especially with the intense duo