So, in apology for the lack of Seize Me updates, here's a drabble that's been hanging around in my "finished" file for a while. A hundred thanks to Court, who beta'd this. Dedicated to my sister-in-law, who was the only one ballsy enough to ask if I was pregnant or just fat and therefore the only person I actually had to lie to. Sorry, sis, hopefully this helps to make up for it. Love you! Witches and Ice Louis: "Run...or shoot?" ...silence... Louis: "Run or shoot?" Bill: "...both!" Left for Dead-Intro Scene "Peeta!" I scream, ramming my right shoulder into his left. "Are you fucking kidding me?" "Keep up," he growls, pulling the trigger to release a spray of bullets into an oncoming zombie horde. "We'll never reach the signal if we hang around here." "You're going the wrong way... witch !" I gasp, bringing my character, Rochelle, to a halt on the screen. A desperate wail and eerie music blare through the speakers, alerting us to the witch's presence. "Lights off." "You've got the shotgun," Peeta hisses, pressing up on the D-Pad on his controller to turn off his character's light. "Get behind her and get her in the head." "Oh, sure," I hiss. "I'll just do that. And if I die?" "I've got your back," he says lowly, positioning his character to follow behind mine. "Now go." The wraith-like figure of the witch glows a slight red and is pacing back in forth forlornly as she cries. I set up Rochelle directly behind the witch. I adjust the joystick a little so the crosshairs are centered directly over the back of the witch's head. I smirk a little in satisfaction, knowing this will be an easy one-shot kill. That is, until one of our computer-controlled group members decides to be a hero and lets loose a quick series of shots into the witch, who is about a foot away from us. Her head immediately turns, and I feel my heart jump at the sight of her. She's launched on us and has knocked me quickly to the ground, rendering me useless. Peeta tries to get his character to eliminate the witch and help my character back up, but a fresh horde descends without warning, lured by the witch's screams. He's immediately incapacitated as well, ending our game. I'm speechless, my mouth gaping open as I stare at the ending credits of our game, Left for Dead 2 , scrolling up the screen in front of us. I'm still tightly gripping my controller, as if the screen is going to magically rewind and give us another shot. We were so close. All we had left to do was signal the rescue and we'd have been on our way to safety. But Peeta insisted we take a try at the witch. Fucking. Idiot. "Goddamn it, Coach," Peeta snarls, throwing his remote to the ground in frustration. "This is why I hate the second Left for Dead . The characters are retarded. I hate that guy." "Oh sure," I mumble, tossing my remote a little more civilly to the side. "That was all Coach's fault." "It was!" Peeta insists, reaching over and putting his hand on my knee bare knee. "You had her, baby. If Coach wouldn't have startled her, you would have had her." "You always have to try to kill the witch, Peeta," I sigh, brushing his hand away and I move to stand. "We could have gone around her and gotten to safety. But we can't ever leave a zombie alive." "No," Peeta says firmly, reaching up to take my hand in his. "Never leave a zombie alive; they'll infect more people." "It's a game , Peeta," I groan, trying to tug my hand away from his. "It's the principle of the thing," he says matter-of-factly. He gives my arm a quick tug, pulling me into his lap. "You're ridiculous," I sigh, tilting my head to the side to rest it against his. "I'll tell you what's ridiculous," Peeta growls low in his throat. "This dress." "Oh, this?" I ask with a smirk, reaching down to toy with the hem of my new red sundress, which stops a good three inches above my knee. "Do you like it?" "Why do you think I insisted we stay inside after I got home today?" he asks, tracing his fingers along my arm to follow down to my wrists to toy at the hem of the dress with mine. "A dress like this can give a guy indecent thoughts. Wouldn't want you walking around inspiring that, would we?" "It's hot out today," I say with a snarl, knowing where he's trying to lead this. "I think I'm entitled to wear whatever I please, Mr. Mellark." "If you're so hot, I'm sure I could think of better ways to cool you down," Peeta says with a smirk, trailing his fingers back up my arm to my shoulder, where he drops the thin strap of my dress to expose my skin fully to him. He drops his lips to my skin, pressing heated kisses and nips that instantly sends sparks of heat straight to pool between my thighs. "Funnily, this isn't helping," I manage to gasp out, rolling my shoulder in an attempt to dislodge his lips from my skin. "And I'm still annoyed with you." The only warning I receive from Peeta is the feel of his lips morphing into a smile against the sensitive skin he's been nipping and kissing. And then his fingers lock around my wrists and pull them behind me, effectively locking them in place at the small of my back. And then he leans to his left, pulling us down onto the plush cushions of our couch. The fall is surprisingly jarring, which I suspect is what he wanted, and catches me completely off-guard. "Still annoyed, huh?" he says lowly in my ear, giving it a quick nip at the end. "Anything I can do to help with that?" "Let me go?" The statement comes out as more of a question than I would have liked it to. His breath is hot against my neck and the heat of his body raises my own body temperature. I don't know how he can be comfortable; he's still wearing his dress shirt and tie from his meeting at the bakery this morning, interviewing a new assistant. God, he looks so sexy on those few days he puts on a tie. I can feel the dampness of sweat forming on my back while another patch of wetness forms between my legs. "This isn't doing much for how hot I am." "You're too hot now?" There's something in the way he says those words that makes me immediately freeze. Something in them sounds predatory and dangerous. It's made even worse by the fact I can't see him with my back facing to him. "We'll have to fix that." He keeps my hands firmly locked behind my back easily with one of his hands while I feel the other one leave my wrists to reach elsewhere. He fidgets a little and I can hear the sliding sounds of silk on silk. I'm intrigued, especially when I feel him raise his head up behind me. I'm about to turn around to see what he's up to when his tie falls over my eyes. "Hey!" I gasp, suddenly blinded. Peeta grunts and the sound is muffled, as if hindered by a gag. He tugs at something and the tie cinches over my face, effectively blocking out all light from my vision. He's removed his tie, apparently, without fully untying it. He's placed the neck loop over my face then, I'm assuming, used his hand and teeth to pull it tight over my face. The fucker has just blindfolded me. Something, the tails of the tie I'm guessing, tickles the back of my neck as he says, "Relax, baby. I'll cool you down." I can feel Peeta's body stretch behind me, as if he's reaching for something. My nerves sing in anticipation, swept up by the sensation of being blinded in foreplay. He's never done anything like this to me before, and it's exciting. My body tenses as the sound of clinking meets my ears and I cock my head to the side to get a better angle to hear the sounds. It's a sort of twinkling, but it's not akin to a bell or anything. The sound is familiar, but I can't place it. And then something icy touches the back of my neck. I gasp, jumping from the shock of cold against my overheated skin. Something cool and liquidy splashes on my shoulder, and I curse as Peeta chuckles. "Peeta Mellark," I snarl. "What did you just spill on my couch?" "Me?" he asks with a snort. "I think that would have been your fault." "Ass," I retort, rolling my shoulders with irritation as the gradually warming droplets on my skin slide down to the cushions. "What is this?" "Just water, baby," he croons. I hear the tinkling again and I realize it's the sound of ice bouncing around in a glass. His body stretches again and the sound of the clinking gets softer and I understand he's put the glass back on the table. I'm sure the icy part of this torture has concluded now that the glass has been put away, but when his lips touch my shoulder again they're chilly from the water that's passed over them. I groan, trying to roll my shoulders again to dislodge his lips. It doesn't work, and if anything, his lips grow more insistent as they brush again and again over my hyper-sensitive skin. And then the cold is suddenly more intense and in a more concentrated area on piece of my skin at a time. Fuck. I'm pretty sure he's got an ice cube in his mouth, and he's running it across my shoulder to my neck. He shimmies down my body a little, dragging the ice cube with him as he does so. It glides over my spine, sending involuntary shivers and spasms shooting across my skin and muscles. "Shh," Peeta soothes as he pulls away from my skin. His voice is distorted a little, leading me to believe he's pulled the ice cube back fully into his mouth. "Relax, baby." I sigh and try to focus on making my body limp but find it difficult. The ice cube is gone, for which I am grateful, but the effects are still there. My skin is covered with goosebumps and my nipples are pert and sensitive as they brush against the fabric of my dress. This is worsened as Peeta buries his face in my back and runs his hands gently down my arms, raising more goose flesh in their wake. His free hand doesn't move to my wrists as I think it will. Instead it travels to my navel and glides over the fabric of my dress until it reaches my breast. He palms it, rolling it expertly beneath his hand in a way that makes me grateful for the hundredth time that I married a baker. While the flesh of his hand kneads me expertly, his fingers move to my nipple, tweaking it deliciously in a way that makes me gasp with excitement. "Easy," he murmurs as my hips thrust back into him. He's not lined up perfectly with me, my butt backing into his chest instead of his pelvis the way I'd like. I groan with frustration. His hand leaves my breast suddenly, leaving it feeling heavier than before he'd begun his ministrations. But a moment later it's back, this time at the exposed skin above my knee. He strokes sweetly, his touch a butterfly's kiss against the inside of my thigh. He trails upward, not stopping when he hits the hem of my dress but instead continuing upward and dragging it with him. My breath hitches as he nears