-oOo- "Feel free to look around, guys," the guide said, smiling warmly, and the class scattered as students begin to wander off. Jason remained in his spot for a moment, watching as the kind-looking woman moved over to chat amicably with his professor, Mr Ashton. Sighing, he stuffed his hands in his pockets and tiredly eyed the room. Granted, he did expect visits to countless art galleries to be part of his art history course; what he didn't exactly expect was for half of the galleries to have the same, kind-of-repetitive, now completely boring pieces hanging on the walls. He knew New York was famous for some of its art galleries, but seriously, the things you get tired of when you visit a place too many times. He had begun noting the smallest similarities- the ceaseless designs on the dull coloured thick carpets, the way too breezy atmosphere, the right amount of blinding white light. Okay, yes, the only reason he had signed to attend the trip was to be spared of the torture known as college for a whole day, and yes, okay, maybe to gloat to his roommates about that too. But even the thought of getting even with those idiots didn't help much. Aimlessly, Jason began to amble around the atrium, hoping and praying that maybe a blessed coffee shop would pop up and he could maybe just grab a coffee and pretend to take forever drinking it. Running a hand through his hair, Jason inwardly groaned as he caught sight of some of his classmates, who were enthusiastically oohing and aahing over a painting in the corner. Frustrated, he mumbled curses under his breath- they weren't leaving any time soon. He felt like banging his head against the wall, but the woman nearby with her child was already sending weird and slightly freaked out glances his way, so maybe that wouldn't be such a good idea. Even if it would get him kicked out. Glancing back towards the painting, Jason was surprised to find the crowd of students still crowded around its place on the elegantly patterned walls. It was only after the guide ushered them away to show some sculpture (probably another Neptune taming his seahorse) did Jason allow the curiosity to overcome him, and he lingeringly moved towards the canvas. The ability to move abruptly ripped from his body, his is mouth fell open in awe as he studied the canvas. It was a mixture of abstract and realism, surrealism and romanticism- a girl stood in front of a mirror, her body and face painted with warm strokes of yellows, oranges and maroons. A simple yet beautiful summer dress, covered in warm red roses. Her reflection though... It was different, dark, gloomy blues, purples, blacks. The roses on her dress black and wilting and tired. Her face was impassive, emotionless, but breathtakingly beautiful all the same. That wasn't what intrigued Jason the most though. What made him peer a little more closely and readjust his glasses on his nose was the little reflection in the corner of the mirror- you could make out it was a person, but that was about it. No tell-tale signs of gender, height, age, nothing- it could be anyone. Jason's eyes widened as he realized the artist had done something truly sensational and thought evoking- you could see yourself in the mirror as you gazed at the painting, and yes, one of the most well-known elements of art was aiming to make your viewer feel emotionally and physically involved, but Jason had never seen that being executed as brilliantly as it had been in this painting. It was kind of freaky. He felt goosebumps rise along his skin. He spun around when he heard a sound behind him, having been jolted out of his thoughts. A girl stood behind him, about his age, dressed in a flowing knee length skirt and an off shoulder brightly coloured shirt. Her eyes widened upon noticing that he was staring right at her, and she froze as if caught in the middle of doing something she shouldn't have. Cut unevenly, her brown hair had feathers haphazardly braided into them. Long earrings, seemingly made out of flower petals, hung down to her shoulders. "Um," she stuttered, her voice unusually soft and high, a blush crawling onto her prominent cheekbones. She shifted uncomfortably. "Hi." Jason's eyes automatically, uncontrollably flitted to the way her chocolate skin glinted in the white light when she shifted, too consumed in gazing in awe at the ever-changing, vivid colours in her eyes to answer immediately. "Oh, uh, hey," he said awkwardly, hurriedly, when her words sunk into his annoyingly grinding brain. "I'm Jason," he continued when the pause became too long, extending his hand. The corner of her pink lip twitched slightly, as if wanting to break into a smile but resisting against it. Reaching out, she lightly shook his hand in her small one. Jason noticed the colourful string bracelets hanging loosely around her wrist. "Piper." "Like the aircraft?" Jason half cried excitedly. There was a moment's pause, then his jaw dropped when he realized what had just slipped out. But instead of seeming offended like Jason expected any other woman to be, the girl simply chuckled. "I am so sorry," he said, mortified, eyes still wide. "I- I didn't mean-" "It's okay, not the first time," she said lightly, still smiling. At his horror, it seemed. "No, but, I mean-" he stammered, "that's not how you're supposed to start a conversation with a pretty girl, I just-" He broke off again, eyes widening even further if that was possible. Groaning suddenly, he bought his hands up to his face. "I said that out loud, didn't I?" He moaned, seemingly in a lot of pain. Horrified, he dared to peek out between his fingers. Tucking a strand of hair behind her ears, the girl blushed furiously but passed him a shy smile. "Yeah, you kind of did." Sighing deeply, Jason rubbed his hands down his face. "Can we start over?" He asked nervously. "Hi, I'm Jason Grace," he repeated firmly when she nodded. "Hi Jason, I'm Piper." "Pleased to meet you." "Likewise. You're an art student, aren't you?" She asked curiously. Jason grinned. "That obvious?" "Besides the fact that you look like you've seen enough art galleries to last you three lifetimes, no, not at all." "Sorry," Jason said, smiling sheepishly. Gesturing at the paintings around, he continued in a low voice, "After two years, they're all starting to look the same to me." "Why come along, then?" Laughing, Jason stuffed his hands into his pockets. Piper slid the strap of her purse higher onto her shoulder, tucking a strand of brown hair behind her triple pierced ears. "Couldn't resist the chance to rub it in my roommates faces that I got to escape classes for a day," he replied in explanation, shrugging. "What do you study?" Pursing her lips, Piper's eyes suddenly flitted to the ground at her feet. Jason once again found himself unashamedly gazing at the kaleidoscopic irises, by far the most prominent feature on the girl, despite not being coated in eyeliner or mascara or whatever else girls always wore. She flushed uncomfortably. Shifted. "Sorry," Jason immediately hurried on, noting her abrupt discomfort. At least there was some use of Reyna's dragging, interminable lectures from her psychology class, Jason thought to himself, which were so disinteresting Jason felt as if they were created to help insomniacs. "I didn't mean to pry." "Nah, it's okay." Smiling gently, she shifted her gaze back up to him. "I'm kind of on a... Gap year?" Nodding in understanding, Jason struggled to not question why she sounded so uncertain. "So what's so interesting about boring art galleries that drags you here, then?" "I came willingly, believe it or not," she responded, moving past him slowly to linger next to him. Shifting his light blue gaze back to stare at the intriguing canvas, Jason nodded hesitantly. "Well, every once in a while, there's something that catches your attention." Unconsciously, he passed her a sideway glance, only to find her staring at his features intently. Noticing him, her pupils shifted back to focus at the soft, delicate brush strokes coating the cotton. "What do you like about it?" She asked falteringly, refusing to meet his eyes again. Shy. Jason felt his heart wince. She was different, this girl- not like the usual women, coated in pounds of makeup and showing more skin than they hid. Her smooth skin coated with minimal makeup, her clothes simple and bright, her jewellery handmade instead of worth millions, to Jason she was multiple times more gorgeous than any of the plastic coated cheerleaders who adored lathering themselves over him. Wait, what? "Oh, um," Jason shook himself when he noticed Piper staring at him expectantly (and was that a bit of 'I'm-really-creeped-out-right-now-but-I'll-not-scream-because-I-feel-sorry-for-this-pitiful-boy' he saw in her vision too?), blinking furiously a few times. "Um, I really like that it's so... Thought evoking, I guess. It makes you think, not just cry and feel depressed like most of the stuff here." He paused, but she motioned for him to continue. Slowly, she twisted the ring hooked into her necklace laced around her neck, settled at her collarbone. "And it's just really intriguing, you know? You look at it, and you think, you're actually in that picture too, with that girl. I don't know what the girl is supposed to represent exactly though- maybe low self-esteem or confidence issues? Or maybe something deeper- I don't know, maybe she's actually all happy and bright and colourful but she sees herself as depressed? I guess that's why I like it too. It means multiple things, you know?" Jason internally cringed at his nervous rambling. It wasn't his first time talking to a girl, so seriously, why was he behaving like a middle school boy who had just been partnered with his crush for a project? However, instead of fast walking away with a look of alarm slash disgust coating her features. Piper nodded thoughtfully. "I think it represents the darkness in you." There was a moment of silence as they both studied the painting. "The demons inside you, which only you can see. What you try to protect others from." Her voice faltered timidly, as if she had over spoken. To Jason though, the painting suddenly seemed a lot more interesting, her interpretation a lot more riveting, fascinating and enthralling than his. "Who do you think made it?" He asked curiously. Piper shrugged, moving forward to study the right hand corner of the large canvas more closely. "There's no name." "An anonymous entry?" "I guess so." Piper turned back to him, suddenly smiling. Jason noticed a content sparkle in her vibrant irises which wasn't there before. "So where are you from, Piper?" Jason asked as they began to amble around the atrium. He was beginning to grow more and more curious about this girl. "Well, I lived in California with my dad before moving alone to Manhattan with a friend of mine. I'm originally Cherokee though." She smiled, then her eyebrows suddenly furrowed as if puzzled. A cute look on her, Jason noted as his stomach twisted. He internally rolled his eyes at himself. "Speaking of a friend, he should be around here..." She looked around, perplexed. Then shrugged dismissively and turned back. "Eh, no idea where that kid goes." "Troublemaker?" "You have no idea. Leo would love to prank the Queen of England if he could. Partly why I'm not so keen on visiting England." Jason chuckled. "I've got a guy like that. Percy. Annoys me to Pluto and back, but his horrifying girlfriend usually keeps in him line for the rest of us." "Ah, the power of girlfriends," Piper sighed, her eyes twinkling with suppressed mirth. "What's her name?" "Annabeth. She studies architecture. A scary blonde if there ever was one." Jason visibly shuddered. "As a matter of fact,