Thank you soooooooo much whoever reviewed my previous stories. Your reviews were seriously appreciated, and I was really touched that you enjoyed my writing. :DDDDD Ik I promised you guys a caleo fanfic, but I just recently read the fault in our stars (again), which is seriously an awesome book (if u haven't read it, READ IT) and I felt the urge to write this. My reaction was pretty much the same as Annabeth. THIS CONTAINS MAJOR SPOILERS FOR TFIOS. And ALSO BoO. -oOo- "Piper, seriously, it's just a book !" Gasping in shock, Piper raised her tear soaked face and gazed around the camp fire, struggling to find her opponent through the blur of tears clouding her kaleidoscope eyes. Her expression hardened when her eyes landed on poor, unsuspecting Reyna, who had absolutely no clue about what big of a mistake she had committed. "Oh no, here we go again." Jason sighed sadly from his spot next to Piper on the log. "J - just a book?" Piper spluttered. "JUST A BOOK?!" She shot to her feet. Eyes widening in alarm, Reyna shuffled backwards on her log. "I - I didn't mean-" She faltered as Piper stalked towards her, positively glowering. Leo, who was sitting next to Reyna with Calypso, promptly fell off his log. When Piper reached a point when she was right in Reyna's face, she stopped. Her face softened. Her red eyes began to swell with tears. Reyna was horrifies when they began to drip down her already damp face. "Oh, gods, I'm sorry, Pipes," Reyna stuttered. "I - I just meant that..." Poor Reyna trailed off, then cleared her throat. "I just meant, that instead of wasting your time crying over fictional characters, why don't you spend some time with us? Frank, Hazel and I are only here for a week, after all." Piper started to fume again. Smoke was literally floating off of her. Jason and Annabeth readied themselves in case they had to leap up and break up a girl fight. Then Piper sighed and stepped back. Staring around the campfire, where all of the seven were having a bit of a memorable reunion, her face sagged. "Oh, i feel so sorry for you guys..." she murmured. "You can't possibly understand how I feel." "I don't think we want too," Leo muttered under his breath. "I mean, look at what it did to you?" Calypso hushed him. There was a moment of silence as Piper sadly shuffled back to her seat and resumed hugging the novel to her chest while dramatically staring into the middle distance. "Okay then." Everyone jumped, startled, as Annabeth abruptly broke the silence. "Give me the book." "What?" Piper asked, confused. "You said none of us understand how you feel," replied Annabeth matter-of-factly. "So hand me the book. I'll read it and check what's so special about it. What's it called anyway?" "The Fault in our Stars," mumbled Piper miserably. "It's romance." She clutched the book closer, reluctant to hand it over. "By John Green: The Killer of all Fangirls." "Okay. Give it to me." Annabeth walked over to Piper and held out her hand, her expression firm, and her stormy eyes calculating. The rest of the seven looked thoroughly confused by the fact that Annabeth didn't seem at all fazed by Piper's sudden outburst. Reaching her hand out to grab the book from Pipers grip, Annabeth was surprised to have her hand furiously batted away. "Wait!" Cried Piper. "Just...let me say goodbye." Annabeth's eyes widened. She heard snickers from behind her, and Leo whispering: "Looks like you've been replaced, Jason!" Piper handed over the novel (after many more tears, sniffing the pages, stroking the spine and kissing the cover repeatedly), looking doubtful. "Not sure if you'll like it... I thought it would suck at first. Lacy gave it to me for my birthday. But I bet you anything, you're gonna cry." "We'll see." Annabeth smiled. "I'm not much of a crier. But thanks." With Piper still sniffling and Jason comforting her, Annabeth walked back to her seat beside Percy. She studied the cover curiously. It was blue, decorated with two clouds, one black and the other white. The chattering continued for a while. Frank and Hazel were completing training in camp Jupiter, and Reyna was still in full ownership of praetor. Piper and Jason were completing sophomore along with Leo and Calypso, while Percy, Annabeth and Rachel were halfway through their senior year. They were all currently enjoying their spring break, using it as a time to relax and get together again. Slowly, the rest of the campers had dispersed after a hectic sing along, leaving only The Seven, Rayna, Rachel and Calypso behind surrounding the campfire. Annabeth didn't bother to start the novel yet, but decided to curl up against Percy's shoulder and listen to the conversations around her instead. Percy's arm encircled her, causing her to feel warm and safe. And content. She smiled. -oOo- Percy's gentle voice bought her back to her senses, and she found herself being shaken awake. "Annabeth. Annabeth, c'mon. Wise girl, wake up." Groaning, she got unsteadily to her feet, novel still in hand. Everyone had already left. She and Percy were alone at the campfire. Together, they trudged back to Poseidon's cabin, which Annabeth had decided to make her permanent home. She and Percy couldn't spend even a night away from each other - especially after tartarus. During the school year, Sally had invited Annabeth to stay in her apartment anyways. So she and Percy were hardly ever apart. Annabeth sighed as she stepped through the cabin doorway, Percy in tow. It was dark, the only light being the white glow of moonlight entering though the window. The bed looked warm and welcoming, and even though Percy was yawning and looking tired, Annabeth felt wide awake. She had had her little nap, after all. It seemed her assessment was accurate. Percy was really worn out. So much so, he didn't even bother changing, but instead decided to simply slip off his Camp Half Blood shirt and literally fall into bed. He was snoring within seconds. Smiling fondly, Annabeth gently pulled the covers onto him and tucked him into it, shielding his body. She stroked his cheekbone, then leant forward to press her lips to his unresponsive soft ones, giving him a feather light kiss. He looked so peaceful. It had been almost a year since the war, and Annabeth was relieved to discover that over time, the nightmares were becoming less horrifying. She couldn't handle witnessing her seaweed brain in any more pain. Hurriedly changing into more comfortable clothing, she slid into bed next to Percy, clutching the novel in her hand. There was absolutely no hope of falling asleep now. She had gained her rest, and was now wide awake. Once she had settled down comfortably, she flipped open the novel to chapter one and began to read in the comforting moonlight. -oOo- Percy was dreaming. He wasn't sure of what, exactly. He was experiencing one of those dreams where you have absolutely no clue what's going on, and everything's just huge, confusing muddled mess. But one thing was for sure. Someone was crying. Deep, heavy heart broken sobs were reverberating around in his skull, echoing from the back of his head. And he was certain that that someone was his Annabeth. One tiny conscious part of his sleepy mind knew he had to wake up. Knew he had to get to her; to comfort her, make sure she was alright. And after a lot of difficulty, he forced his eyelids to crack open and meet the annoying beams of moonlight entering through the open windows. And then his eyes landed on Annabeth. And he felt his heart get crushed beneath the heavy mass of her sadness. She was enveloped in the thick, blue comforter. Her eyes were rimmed red, and steady tears were constantly dripping down her beautiful face. Her blonde curls were plastered to her face from the dampness of tears. She sat there next to him, clutching a book to her chest, while slowly rocking back and forth. Her wet, heart rendering sobs echoed around the cabin walls. "Annabeth?" Her breath caught. She had hardly noticed he was awake. Sniffling and wiping her eyes, she turned to look at Percy, whose face was filled with nothing but worry and anxiety, still gripping the book to her chest like her life depended on it. "S - sorry." Her voice came out thick from tears. "Gods, Wise Girl, what's up?" Percy sat up, and gently wrapped his arms around her. Gratefully, she settled into his warm, welcoming embrace. She laid her head on his shoulder, and he felt the dampness of her tear streaked face on his bare skin. Her warm breath fanned across his neck. "It's - it's just the book." "It's that bad?" She chuckled, her voice husky and raw, but Percy was glad to hear her laugh. Moments ago, she had looked as if there was nothing else to be happy about in the world. "No, Seaweed Brain, it's amazing," she whispered. "It's just... sad." Percy thought about asking: Then why'd you read it? But he thought better of it and bit his tongue before the rash words managed to escape his mouth. Over the years, he had learnt it was always best to think before speaking to Annabeth. So instead he said: "Wanna tell me about it?" Annabeth pulled back and looked mildly surprised that he hadn't asked a hasty and tactless question, but Percy knew he had no right to be offended. He couldn't really blame her. She cleared her throat, then rested her head back on his shoulder, and began to speak into his skin, her voice muffled. "See, it's a long story. So, like, there's this teenage girl who has cancer, and she falls in love with this boy who also gets cancer-" Percy kinda dropped out after that. He knew Annabeth was aware of what she had signed up for; that however much she spoke, Percy just wouldn't be able to keep focused for that long, no matter how hard he tried. Blame the ADHD. But they both knew Annabeth needed someone to talk to, even if it was his neck. "-and then, together they went to Isaac's girlfriend's house to egg the building as revenge-" And she went on and on, and again, Percy could feel the wetness of her warm tears on the skin of his shoulder. But she didn't stop, and he didn't stop her. "-and then, Hazel got a call at three at the morning-" -Percy mildly wondered how Hazel had entered this story- "-and the dad was saying that Gus had died-" Her sobs were beginning to rack her slender, trembling body again, so Percy decided it was about time to start paying attention. "-and that just made me think... h- how it would be for me if - if you-" She gave up completely on talking then. She was crying way too much to continue anyway. But she didn't have to continue what she was saying. Percy already knew. After squeezing her gently, he pulled back so he could look at her tear streaked face. The novel was still clutched tightly in one of her hands. Curse that dam book. Percy opened his mouth to speak, but Annabeth spoke before he could. "No!" She wept. "Don't tell me you'll never leave me, 'cause you will! We can't promise each other something like that." She wiped her eyes. "Any of us could get hit by a bus tomorrow, Seaweed Brain. Any of us." A red hot wave of anger swept through Percy. How could Annabeth think like that? But as quickly as it came, the anger vanished. She was right, of course. As usual. "Wise girl." She looked down, adamantly refusing to meet his eyes. "Annabeth, look at me. Annabeth." He hooked a finder under