WARNING: THIS IS a T/M RATING. So if you have a problem with it, I suggest you go away and avoid reading this. And if you ignored this comment, please don't whine to me about how it's too inappropriate (I am well aware it is; don't need you to alert me of that) or that I somehow ruined the ship for you (your fault for reading in the first place). This is definitely more suggestive than many of my other fics. But I think I captured the characters right in accordance to the circumstances. I'm sure I'm writing this because I'm still procrastinating writing the next chapter of one of Percabeth: Fried Chicken With a Cute Waiter On The Side, Please (I need to stop using long titles.) And also because I have been totally obsessed with the idea of this fic. Features punk Percy, preppy Annabeth, punk Piper, and jock Jason. -oOo- What she wanted Rating: T/M (language and adult themes) Pairing: Mainly Percabeth, but with some side Jasper as well. Summary: Annabeth Chase was clever. She always got what she wanted, for she possessed the rare ability to be able to manipulate different people and force them to play straight into her hands. And maybe it was because of spending too much time with the delinquent, but she was somehow hit with a boost of confidence which inspired her to use a… ehem, cunning tactic , to even get her boyfriend Percy Jackson , the tattooed troublemaker of the school, to do exactly what she wanted. -oOo- Annabeth Chase was clever. Despite her loose blonde curls and preppy, constantly dressy appearance (skirts or knee length dresses 24/7, paired with clacking sparkly high heels and alluring glossy lips coated in red), she never hesitated to leave a person astounded at her level of knowledge and intelligence. Her grades were continuous A's. The teachers adored her. She was a part of the student council (head, actually). She had been made a prefect on multiple occasions. She aced presentations in that calm, confident and regal voice. In summary, Annabeth Chase was the perfect student any teacher could ever ask for. In anyone else's eyes, Chase might just seem like the everyday over confident, rich and arrogant girl who considered herself superior over everyone else just because she owned an original Chanel hand bag. However, if you peered just a little closer, her eyes gave it all away. The irises were filled with melted silver; a startling, unique grey which perfectly reflected furious thunderstorms. Intimidating and calculating, they could immediately stare even the bravest down. The revealed secrets. Dark secrets. They revealed that Annabeth Chase knew things; she had seen the world as it was, and it had wounded her badly. They revealed that Annabeth had been hurt over and over again, leaving behind a permanent, prominent scar which left her vulnerable and open. But they also held intelligence. Annabeth could manipulate different people in different ways to do her different favours. She was always, always accompanied by a cunning game plan. And this rare sly ability had assisted her in forcing people to play right into her hands more than once. This occasion was no exception. -oOo- "Are you kidding me?" Annabeth asked incredulously as she eyed the latest tattoo Piper hand gotten etched into her skin. This one would be a little harder to cover up for school, since it was in plain sight. Sure, Piper hardly ever bothered to cover up her tattoos and the school had long since given up on objecting, but still, getting a tattoo there was a bit stupid. "What on earth were you thinking ?" "I was thinking it looked cool," Piper replied, looking slightly startled at Annabeth's sudden outburst. She arched an eyebrow quizzingly, the loop pierced into it glittering as it moved. "What's wrong with it?" she asked, running her fingers along the black ink. The tattoo started halfway up her right collarbone, twisted and spiralled up the side of her throat until it reached her ear, where it curled around the back of her ear and spiralled until it stopped right outside the entrance to her ear canal, forming an evil looking cobra. Okay, fine , maybe she looked good in it (evidence: Jason hadn't stopped staring at her with those huge worshipping eyes like she was some goddess ever since she had stepped out of her pitch black Ferrari in a black crop top and dark skinny jeans, which were maybe a little too ripped along her thigh, but he almost always gazed at her like that) but the only way she could follow the school policy and shield that tattoo from others was by wearing a turtleneck 24/7, and Piper Mclean wouldn't be caught dead in that. "Um, may I ask how you were hoping to cover that up?" Piper rolled her eyes, leaning her elbow against her locker and running her fingers through the remaining uneven hair on the right side of her head which streamed down her shoulder. The other side was completely shaved in an undercut for about a third of her head. "No, actually, you might not ask. Because as a matter of fact, I wasn't hoping to cover it up at all." She grinned at the scandalized expression on Annabeth's face. " What?" Annabeth screeched disbelievingly. "Piper, are you insane?" "Maybe." Her expression brightened considerably and kind of comically in contrast to her attire when her kaleidoscopic eyes focused on a point behind Annabeth. She automatically raised her hand in a wave, grinning, and Annabeth turned to see Jason walking through the hallway towards them. "Hey," he greeted, strolling right past Annabeth as if she was invisible and pressing a short morning to kiss to Piper's lips. When he pulled back, Annabeth was disgusted to see that usually hard-core Piper looked like she was restraining from sighing dreamily. No, not because it was overly sappy (which it was, but she could take that) but because it was a consequence of the actions of her best friend. "Yeah, I'm not even standing here," she deadpanned from behind Jason. "You two keep sucking faces. Totally fine with me." Jason chuckled. Turning around, he pulled Annabeth into a hug. "Sorry. But she looks kinda irresistible today," he said seriously as he pulled away. Annabeth could see Piper rolling her eyes (she was probably trying to make it look sarcastic and offhand, but it came of as pretty fond anyway) over Jason's shoulder. "Don't take her side," Annabeth hissed furiously, slapping Jason's chest. "I've been trying to convince her that the tattoo was a bad idea." "Yeah, but he likes it anyway, so fuck you and everyone else." Piper came up to stand beside Jason and shot Annabeth a sly grin. Making a little sound of frustration, Annabeth glared at the two of them, her grey eyes narrowing in suspicion. "The two of you planned this, didn't you?" Immediately looking away, Jason began whistling in an effort to act casual, while Piper began studying her black, painted nails and the tattoo on her wrist, the concentration on her face so overly exaggerated and intense it was the kind you expected to see on the face of a surgeon. "So are you trying to act innocent or convince me that you did plan this?" Annabeth asked dryly. "Anyway," Annabeth began, forcing herself to abandon the subject (she would find a way to make Piper regret the tattoo) when she remembered why she had come over to Piper and risked being late to class in the first place. "Listen." "We are listening," they both deadpanned simultaneously. Annabeth rolled her eyes. "No seriously. Look." "We are looking," they recited in unison, and laughed when they saw Annabeth's annoyed expression. " Listen , my dad's dragging me to this stupid party with some really, really distant relative's whom I haven't even heard of until now, and he said that I could bring a friend with me so that I don't die from being forced to socialize with complete strangers who apparently got out of the same womb as my father's mother. So…?" She trailed off, looking hopefully at Piper and Jason, who looked as if they were two deer caught in the headlights. "Um, I'm taking Piper to the movies today!" Jason said quickly, just as Piper said, "Jason's coming with me to some club!" They both shot each other dirty looks, then tried again (hopelessly, of course). "We're going to the movies then the club!" Jason half shouted over Piper as she spoke. "First club then the movies!" she said, her voice raised and slightly higher pitched than normal. They both looked at each other desperately, the panic visible in their eyes. "We're going to watch a romantic chick flick!" Jason shouted. "We're going to see some thriller with a lot of blood and gore!" Piper screamed at the same time. Annabeth spoke before they could launch into another round of muddled excuses and embarrass themselves any further. "So in other words, you're both free and are available to attend tonight," she said calmly. "NO!" They both screamed at once. "Then who am I supposed to take?" Annabeth asked desperately. "I need someone to come with me! If I'm gonna go this way, I need someone to be there with me." She rounded on Jason, who looked like he was about to jump out of the window in his desperation to escape. "Jason, please, you're my best friend-" "I know who you can take!" Piper interrupted, her tone weirdly overly enthusiastic and animated. Tapping Jason on the arm so his attention was directed at her, they shared one of those quick eye conversation things. Honestly, they were like a married couple. At first it was 'aww', but now it was just revolting. "Who?" Annabeth asked sulkily. "Percy!" They both said in unison, smiles all bright and colourful, as if it was the most obvious answer in the world. "You know, I think it's really cute and all when you both speak in unison and all, but not when you give such stupid ideas." "Seriously, Annabeth, just go ask him," Piper said. "He can't deny anything you say!" Jason agreed, nodding his head vigorously. "Please stop it, Jason, you look like a ridiculous bobblehead," Annabeth said without taking her eyes off Piper, and Jason instantly halted mid bobble. "And what do you mean, just go ask him?" she asked incredulously. "What, you expect him he'll say yes straight away?" "Hey, I've known that guy since the time he used to play with Barbies and make them take turns in kissing Ken. He will definitely say yes. Parties are exactly his kinda thing!" "You mean he will definitely not say yes. And I think my mom is more likely to come back to life than seeing Percy at a dinner party where people actually shake hands in greeting," Annabeth said hotly, and both Jason and Piper winced at her comment about her dead biological mother. Definitely a sore subject. "Well," Piper began, "I should really get going, I'm late for fucking chemistry-" "We still have twenty till the bell, Piper," Annabeth said, glancing at her pink and black wristwatch. "And you don't usually say that you're late until fifteen minutes after the bell, so…" "Jason, I think I hear Leo calling!" Piper cried. "You do?" Jason asked confusedly. There was a short pause as Jason cocked his head to the side and listened carefully (Annabeth didn't even bother). "I don't hear anything." "Well , I do," Piper hissed forcefully, widening her eyes at Jason and glancing towards Annabeth in an attempt to make him understand. "Oh, oh yeah!" Jason said, nodding his head. "I think he's… he's calling because he got himself locked up in the bathroom again!" he supplied helpfully. "Jason, the last time was the janitor's closet," Annabeth told him calmly. For all his excellent grades and overall nerdiness, he could