For Piper Mclean, everything was routine. She didn't necessarily want it that way. It just...happened. It was the simple matter of nothing unwelcome disrupting the repetitive cycle, which made it perfectly flawless and repeated. No gaps in the strand. A cyclic pattern. But one day, all of that changed. When her eyes fluttered open, the sunlight was peeking through the cracks in the blinds, igniting the backs of her eyelids even before they slid up. Warmth was radiating off the form pressed against her front, and she felt hard muscles shift against her arms and chest. Moving slightly, she felt her body press into the fluffy pillows against her back, engulfing her. She groaned as she stretched her legs as far as they would go once she managed to untangle them from the sheets. Jason shifted in front of her, the muscles of his back rippling (quite deliciously, Piper managed to notice, even in her drowsy state) as his mop of blonde hair got even messier than it already was, thanks to last night, as it rubbed against the pillow. This was her regular nightly position. The wall on one side, Jason on the other, sometimes facing her and sometimes with his back against her front, her arms wound tightly around his waist with a leg careless thrown over his body. Two solid, trustworthy barriers to protect her from everything else, whether everything else existed or not. This was the way it had always been; ever since that first night they spent in a dark bedroom, their breathing heavy and occasionally breaking into giggles again at the disastrous first time but so them first time which had just occurred. For them, at the fresh age of seventeen, at that very moment where they both lay against each other, Piper sandwiched tightly in between the wall and Jason's hard yet comforting form, there was nothing wrong with the world. It was only them. Piper and Jason. Jason and Piper. Just like it had always been them since their nine year old selves collided in the park, Piper on a skateboard and Jason on his bike. Their friendship was sparked by a collision. It was ironic, really. Jason groaned, and slowly turned around to face Piper on his other side. Raising a hand, he gently tucked a strand of her brown hair behind her ear as she yawned hugely, sleep still weighing on her. "Morning," she mumbled, as her eyes slipped shut again on their own account. She wasn't startled when she felt warm lips press against hers. "Mmm," Jason replied sleepily, his finger still tracing the features of her face, feeling the soft skin rub against his calloused fingertips. Cracking open an eyelid, Piper was met his crackling blue eyes staring at her intently, electricity in his irises. "Have I ever told you how beautiful you are in the morning?" He abruptly asked, his hoarse sleep-filled voice causing shivers to run through her, and she groaned out loud, flipping onto her back and throwing her arm over her eyes dramatically. "If you're gonna get all sappy on me, Grace, I'm out," she grumbled. "It's too early for all that shit." "Well, you better get used to it," Jason said, and even though her eyes were covered, Piper still heard the mischievous smirk in his voice. He hooked an arm around her waist and pulled her closer to him, burying his face in the crook of her neck. "Fiancée." "Hey, when I agreed to marry you, I never signed up for this." "Oh, I think you knew what you were signing up for, you know, excluding the fact that you've known me for the past fourteen years." "In my defence, you didn't talk much for like the first four years of our legendary friendship." "Well, in my defence, how was I supposed to get anything in?" "Touché." "Plus, should you ever decide to break our wonderful husband and wife relationship-" "-God, we're not even married yet, Jason-" "-then I would like that magnificent ring on your finger back, thank you very much." "Gah, as if," Piper scoffed, lifting her arm off of her eyes and studying the engagement ring on her finger. It was beautiful- two miniscule stones, a gold stud and a diamond, held together by an intertwining vine of silver. Piper didn't have to ask what they represented, because on the inside of the band it already said, engraved into the metal: you're the diamond to my gold. She would have puked at the phrase, but it was Jason , so she kind of had to hold back on the sick. Plus, it was kinda sweet. "Well, if you're not going to give back the ring, at least make me some coffee." Piper sighed, faking exhaustion, and pushed herself into a sitting position as she pulled a T-shirt from the ground over her head. She heard Jason sigh disappointedly as she covered her body, and bit back a smile. It was adorable how much he adored her. But the smile melted away as she remembered why she had fallen asleep with an insistent discomfort gnawing away at her stomach. Biting her lip and struggling to keep the anxiety at bay, Piper stood up and made her way towards the bathroom. "Rise and shine, Sparky,"she said over her shoulder at Jason, who was still buried under the covers. "You've got a plane to fly in less than three hours." -oOo- The apprehensiveness didn't dematerialize as Piper drove Jason towards the airport- instead, it accumulated. The constant sense of foreboding didn't disappear, and Piper couldn't shake off the feeling that something bad was going to happen. And it terrified her. "So promise you'll dance as awesome as usual at the recital even if I'm a little late, okay?" Jason asked, and Piper nodded numbly, the thoughts jumbled up in her head. And of course, Jason noticed how distracted she was. "Hey," he probed gently as they stopped at a traffic light. "You're hiding something." Sighing, Piper stared at her hands which were clenched around the staring wheel. She hadn't noticed, but her knuckles were turning white with the force of her grasp. Reaching over, Jason gently pried both of her hands away from the wheel, and then set them back down and used his own fingers to mould hers around the leather in a much lighter hold. "Piper," Jason said softly. "I feel like somethings going to go wrong." Her words tumbled over each other. Jason sighed, and she felt his gaze on him as she stared straight ahead at the car in front of them. "Stop worrying." "How?" Piper asked, unable to keep the incredulousness from leaking into her cracking, low voice. "Jason, in case you haven't noticed, you're a fucking pilot, and in case you haven't noticed, you're ultimately the most important person in my life right now, and I love you like crazy and I just... I ju- just hate it whenever you leave." Piper trailed off, her words getting lodged in her throat. She could literally feel her chest ache, and the tingling sensation travelled all the way down to her toes and made her stomach contract painfully. Setting her forehead against the warm leather of the wheel, Piper squeezed her eyes shut. Her words revived the memory of when she had first found out Jason had gotten the job- first sheer joy and happiness for him, but then the realisation that he would be leaving her for days on end and would be flying a goddamn plane hit her like a truck on an empty highway She didn't move until she felt Jason's hand stroking the back of her head, something he knew would comfort her. "I'm sorry, Pipes," he murmured. "I'm sorry, but you know I'm one of the most skilled pilots around here. Why else would they give me a plane to fly at only twenty three years old? They wouldn't do that until they were absolutely positive I can handle it." Piper nodded, and looked up just as the light turned green. She hit the gas, and the low rumbling of the car started again. She sniffed once, but then took a deep breath and exhaled. Jason was right- why should she worry? Besides, if he had come back to her all those times before, why wouldn't he come back again? It was a part of the pattern- a crucial element which couldn't be missed. She decided to force the worry to the corner of her mind- for now. "So you promise you'll be there at the recital?" She asked, her voice still thick. "I wouldn't miss it for anything, Pipes, you know that. But I have a question-" "Yes, Jason, I might skateboard but believe it or not, I dance too." "But how?" Jason whined, and the childish tone of his voice made Piper's heart warm. God, she loved him. "I mean, they're completely opposite hobbies. Skateboarding is for cool people and punks-" "-well, I dance hip hop too-" "-and dancing is for, like, delicate fairy princesses." "Bippity Boppity Boo!" Piper cried, taking a hand off the wheel and brandishing a fake wand. "You shall go to the ball and meet your Prince Charming, Cinderella!" "Oh, thank you, Fairy Godmother!" Jason said, a hand on his heart and his voice ridiculously high. They both burst out laughing which probably wasn't a very good idea, given that Piper was driving a car on a busy road. When the laughter died down and they managed to subdue themselves a little bit, Jason spoke again. "I still don't get it." "You know, if you're trying to get me to get a piercing by telling me that skateboarders are punk, you don't have to worry. I'm sure a tongue piercing would be pretty cool." She shot a sideways glance at him. "You know, for special purposes, which I'm pretty sure you'd enjoy a lot." Piper laughed as Jason blushed red. Sure, Piper could talk vulgar, but Jason was as innocent as a three year old when it came to talking about sex. But in bed it was a whole different story, as Piper had learnt over the years. The airport came into view, and Piper slid into the free parking reserved for staff. She turned to face Jason, who had unbuckled his seatbelt and was staring at her. "Promise you'll be there?" She asked again quietly, just to make sure. "Of course I will, Pipes," he assured her, smiling. "It's only like a one and a half hour flight, and then three hours for refuelling and freshening up and then a one and a half hour flight back. The recital is not until four, and it's only nine right now." He leaned forward and pressed his lips to her forehead. "But don't worry if I'm a little late, okay? It'll be rush hour." Piper nodded, and tried to smile. She hated this part. She hated letting him go. "You look great in the uniform," she said softly, as she has already said so many times before, and reached out to straighten his tie. Her hands lingered there, and then slowly made their way up his collarbone to his neck to his face, where they caressed his cheekbones. She stared at him, and he stared back at her until she felt the drop slide down her face, and Jason's face crumpled slightly before it went back to the strong mask. The strong mask he maintained for her. Grasping his face tightly in her hands, simultaneously, they both moved towards each other over the centre console and their lips met. It started off soft, but soon they moved against each other desperately, letting their fear slide into the kiss, making it deeper. Jason was the first to pull back, and he held onto her wrists which were still up against his face. "I love you," he told her sincerely. "I love you too." Her voice cracked. Then he pulled