Thank you to whoever reviewed, favouritied or followed my previous story, Jasper: Thief or T-shirts. All of your reviews made my day! I just got this sudden light bulb that went a bit like: okay so I would like a... *look up* holy shit sweet Lord help me. Yes so this was made. Hope it's not too bad. :/ -oOo- ~There I was again tonight Forcing laughter, faking smiles Same old tired lonely place, Walls of insincerity Shifting eyes and vacancy Vanished when I saw your face, All I can say is it was enchanting to meet you.~ -Taylor Swift, Enchanted -oOo- Annabeth Chase didn't believe in love. She didn't believe in the exotic fairy tales, in love at first sight, or love till the end, or together forever. She just didn't believe in love. And she was sure it would always remain that way. -oOo- "No, Rachel, I swear I'm not over working myself." "Annabeth, please, do I sound stupid to you?" "Um." "Don't answer that." I could literally see Rachel run a hand through her fiery red curly hair, a habit of hers when she was frustrated, even though I couldn't see her over the phone. "Sweetie-" "-don't call me sweetie-" "-you're 22. You should be going drunk at a night club and dancing to 22 by Taylor Swift. But instead, what do you do?" Rachel paused, as if expecting me to answer. "Um." "Exactly, sweetie. You've stuffed so much into that huge brain of yours that you can't even remember how to speak anymore. See my point here?" I sighed miserably and burrowed my face in my hands. "Look, Rachel-" "No. I don't want to hear it." "Rachel, I've got about three blueprints to finish up, all due next week, and then-" "Yes, I'm sure listening to your delightful, cheerful stories about how much work you've got would be the most enjoyable thing ever, but I really cannot afford so much happiness right now, Annabeth." The sound of bottles tinkling came over the phone. Probably Rachel choosing some light make up to apply. "Look, Annabeth, we've arranged this dinner for months now. We all agreed that on August 18th, we would all go out and have a girls night. Didn't we?" I sighed in frustration. As much as I loved this girl, she could get pretty damn annoying. "And I'm pretty sure you could do with a bottle of red wine too, you know..." Rachel trailed off. "Okay, fine. But this better not take the whole night, Rach," I warned, and winced when I heard her airy laugh over the phone. "Oh my God, Annabeth, do you really think that lowly of me?" "Yes." "Okay, whatever. I'll grab Piper and the others and we'll be at your place in about 20, okay? And I expect to see you in your best clothes." "Yes, mom." "And get ready for a crazy night!" "What kind of mom are you?" -oOo- And yes, that is exactly how I got pulled into sitting in a congested booth in TGI Fridays surrounded by a bunch of lunatics. Seriously, could these people get any louder? Thankfully, I wasn't sitting in the middle of the bunch, but rather to the end of the cushioned seat. Opposite me sat Thalia, who, judging by her facial expressions, seemed to have been forced here as well. Her dark black lipstick and the choker that was wrapped around her neck glistened in the bright lights. We exchanged tiny strained smiles at the antics of our so called friends. Next to me, Piper was having an animated and loud conversation with Rachel over the table about a newly released movie as she made wild gestures with her hands to explain herself. Calypso, Hazel and Reyna were all deeply absorbed in a conversation at the other end of the table. "Annabeth? Hello, earth to Annabeth!" A strongly tanned hand, which belonged to Piper, waved in front of my face, trying to gain my focus. "What?" "Quit thinking about them!" I tucked a blonde curl behind my ear. "About what, exactly?" Calypso scoffed. Everyone glared at me. "Annabeth, please, we all know what's going through your head right now. You can edit those blueprints when you get home, okay?" "But I-" "Nope," Rachel sang. "No buts. For now, just loosen up and relax a little!" She leant back and put her hands behind her head, and if to emphasise the point. "I'm just glad none of you psychos decided to drag me to some fancy restaurant," grumbled Thalia. "Yeah, I like Fridays," spoke up Piper. "The restaurant, I mean. It's casual but kinda fancy too." "Yeah, you'd think with all the money they'd be able to afford longer seats," grumbled Reyna disgruntledly, uselessly struggling to find more space from where she was squashed up between Calypso and the wall. "Well, at least we get to find out whose lesbian this way," she stated matter of factly, then looked up to stare at us. There was a moment of silence as we all tried to comprehend what she was saying, and then simultaneously we all burst out laughing. Even Thalia cracked a smile. "Seriously, Reyna?" Chuckled Rachel. "That's what you think about?" "Well, it is true!" Reyna said indignantly. "I mean, les' bi honest here." There was a pause. Then, when no one replied, Reyna said quietly, "well, now that we've got that out of the way." "Did you just... quote Pitch Perfect?" Calypso whispered, her expression awed. "What, you think just because I'm a badass I can't watch an occasional chick flick?" Reyna asked indignantly. "Annabeth and Thalia watch chick flicks! No one questions them." "Yeah, but you're like the super serious, hard core type of gal," Piper whispered solemnly. "You shouldn't be watching chick flicks." "Please," Reyna scoffed. "I've seen many chick flicks. Mean Girls, Pitch Perfect, Clueless, The Notebook, Love Actually-" "Wait- you also watch romance?" Rachel cried, looking incredulous. "Well, yeah- I mean- I like Logan Lerman, okay?" she said defensively. It was a comically unusual sight watching Reyna so flustered. Everyone laughed. Even Thalia and I. "Well, would you look at that," Hazel's quiet voice reached my ears as she leant forward to look past Piper and at me. "The soulless finally smiles!" "Oh my God! Someone take a picture!" Cried Piper. "She looks stunning!" "Oh, shut up, Pipes." "Okay. But you really do look gorgeous today, Annabeth." Blushing, I muttered a quick thanks, and smiled. This was one of the rare times I had wore thick eyeliner, and it bought out my startling grey eyes beautifully. Even though I thought they were ugly and boring, I had to admit they did contribute to making me look good today. Other than that, I had tied up some of my blonde curls and let the others cascade like a waterfall down my back. The dress was a simple one-shoulder which ended just above my knees, and was a dark night blue, with a silver stash around the middle to match my eyes and punctuate my narrow waist. Piper had helped me pick it out one day. The others didn't look too shabby themselves. With the exception of Thalia, we had all taken Rachel's advice and decided to wear casual nothing-over-the-top dresses, even if it was reluctantly. We agreed that an occasional treasured event required an occasional dress. But we all knew that even Rachel, being the spectacular artist that she is, would much rather be wearing a T-shirt and a pair of paint splattered jeans. "So," began Calypso, as she leafed through the menu, "who is ordering what?" "Oh, I just want my regular." "What the hell is your regular, Pipes? It's Jason who loves coming here with you, not us." "Uh, rude. And my regular is-" I kind of zoned out after that. I mean, you can't blame me. On most occasions in the Fridays restaurant slash bar food would be my top priority, but not today. Today I had to get home and finish up an enormous amount of work. As much as I love spending time with my girls, couldn't they have chosen a different day? Just thinking about my blueprints made me think of so many things I did wrong. I should have placed that arch on the staircase, not over the balcony. And those railings... what the hell was I thinking to put them there? Not to mention those pillars- "Annabeth!" Thalia's voice interrupted my deep thinking. "Huh?" I asked, snapping out of it. "Sorry to interrupt the architecture factory in your head, but we're kinda waiting here." "Oh yeah," I said hurriedly, pulling the menu towards me. My eyes flew over the words to find something which seemed appetizing. "Okay, I think I'll take a..." I looked up at the waiter, and my words got lost in my throat. I almost dropped my jaw. Freshly tousled raven hair, with bangs falling into absolutely gorgeous vivid sea green eyes, a shirt stretched across the definite muscles of a good, lean build of a swimmer, the apron tied around the waist and oh my God that adorable shy half smile which was making my stomach squirm in the best way ever- Piper's sharp bony elbow against my side snapped me out of my sappy trance, and I mentally shook myself. What the hell, Annabeth? I thought to myself as I caught Thalia's tiny smirk from across the table, and I made a quick mental promise to myself: I will not freak. Or scream. No, not over a man. Never will I go completely love struck over anyone. I am a strong 22 year old aspiring world famous architect who lives alone and does not freak out at the sight of am absolutely gorgeous man and when her hormones decide to ruin her life. No. I am fabulous. Clearing my throat, I stared at the words on the menu, struggling to not make my dyslexia too obvious. Squinting at the page, I read off the first dish I could make out in a monotonous voice, keeping my eyes fixed on the table, refusing to lift my gaze in order to avoid another melt down. After everyone had given their orders, the drop dead gorgeous - no, Annabeth- the waiter left, and just as I expected, every person on the table rounded on me. "Well, well, well, what do we have here?" Calypso said, smirking mischievously. "Does Miss Goody Two Shoes have a- do I dare say it- crush?" Piper asked, gasping dramatically. "Naughty, naughty, Annabeth!" Rachel said, laughing. "Aren't you supposed to be the-" "Okay!" A snapped suddenly and stood up. If there was a chair behind me I would have pushed it back to make the scene more dramatic, but at the same time that would draw attention to myself and that is something I try to avoid at all costs. I didn't need to embarrass myself any further. "You know what? I'm just gonna... go. Step out for a bit. Get some air." Stepping out of the booth, I began to take brisk steps towards the exit. Behind me, I heard Calypso quietly say, "please tell me it wasn't something I said." I rolled my eyes and stepped onto the sidewalk, letting the refreshing night breeze cool my heated cheeks. The streets of New York weren't empty- no surprise. In the Big Apple, one could never expect to find the streets empty. However, today there was only the occasional person roaming the sidewalks, and from where I stood, there were hardly any people around. The closest people were inside the restaurant. Anger bubbled up inside me like hot lava, threatening to spill out. Why is it so hard for them to understand? I thought bitterly. It's not like my bad luck with past boyfriends means that I'm incapable of being attracted to someone. I've not become an aromantic just because Luke used to hit me, or Ethan only dated me because of my