Hey fangirls! So, you are probably wondering why I'm updating again so soon. U must be thinking: "She can't be that nice!" (Don't deny it, I know u r.) And that is surprisingly true, I am not that nice. And there is a reason why I'm updating today, and why I hope that by posting this fanfic, you guys can all feel the joy that I feel on this day. Yep, ITS MAH BIRTHDAY! :D Btw, in this fic I just wanted to elaborate on the FRIENDSHIP between Leo and Piper (notice the emphasise on the word friendship, guys). But there's a whole to of Jasper too, for all those fluff lovers out there! -oOo- You know that feeling you get when you wake up in the morning, and that bizarre unexpected wave of excitement just wells up in you and threatens to burst out of your chest... and you have absolutely no clue why? That is the exact description of Piper Mclean's emotions on the morning of October 6th. Despite suffering an unbearably long, restless and uncomfortable night full of terrifying nightmares, she still woke up with her heart leaping for joy. This surprised her to the point of confusion, as it was unusual for her to be smiling brightly the moment her eyes shot open rather than letting loose a blood curdling scream, jolting awake in a cold sweat and having to retreat into the comfortable warmth of Jason's arms. Jason . He wasn't next to her. He wasn't wrapped up, resembling a human burrito, with his face half buried (totally adorable position, by the way) under the covers this morning. The space next to her was empty. The uncontrollable tumour of panic began to swell in her chest, swiftly replacing the exhilaration which had dwelled there not two seconds ago. Where was he? Jumping out of bed, she didn't even bother to smooth herself down before violently swinging the cabin door open and leaping down the steps, almost running face first into Leo. "Whoa, Beauty Queen!" He cried, grabbing her by the shoulders and steadying her. "You never struck me as a morning person." Shrugging off his hands, the trepidation which overcame her was so severe she didn't even bother screaming at him for using that nickname. "Leo, where's Jason?" "Okay, chillax. He's with Prissy doing who knows what." The tumour gradually expanding in her chest immediately melted away, but instead left a red hot welt of anger in its place. "Why didn't he wake me to tell me where he was going?" "I don't know," Leo shrugged. "Probably because his adorable little Piper Wiper looked too cute while she's asleep." His voice turned high pitched towards the end, and he scrunched his eyebrows together mockingly. Piper shoved Leo, but couldn't control the grin which Leo could always bring out from spreading across her face. "Shut up." And then she remembered her state of excitement in the morning. "Oh, Leo, is there anything you want to say to me?" She asked hopefully, aiming to remind him (what he obviously remembered, but which had just temporarily escaped his mind.) "Oh, yeah!" Leo's elfish face to brightened considerably. "I wanted to ask you if you wouldn't mind coming into the city with me. I need some new tools." Piper's heart dropped down to her shoes. He had forgotten. How had he forgotten? They all knew how important this day was to her, and frankly, this just plain hurt like hell. "No," she snapped. "I just wanna see Jason." There was no way Jason would have forgotten. He couldn't have. "Oh, c'mon, Pipes, I need someone to come with me!" Leo whined, oblivious to Piper's annoyance and hurt. "Please!" "Leo, you have your tool belt," she muttered angrily. "Oh, yeah, I do," he said, looking mildly surprised, as if he hadn't thought of that. "Well... I wanna feel the real thing!" He finished defensively. "You want to feel the real thing?" Piper raised her eyebrow sceptically. "Yep, the real thing." Leo grabbed her arm and began to drag her away from the cabin. She considered using charmspeak to convince him to stop bothering her. She seriously couldn't handle anything else. However, she was currently on a self-challenge of breaking her no charmspeak record, and it was going pretty well. She didn't want all of her efforts to go to waste. So she had no choice but to go along with the repair boy. "Can't I at least shower and change first?" She grumbled. "Nope!" Leo replied cheerfully, and he began to pull her down the slope towards the camp exit and the spare van. "You look dazzling." "Leo, I just woke up," she said dryly. "Your point?" "At least let me brush my hair." "And let you stay in the toilet for two hours braiding coloured feathers in? No way." "I don't take two hours!" She objected indignantly. "It's close enough." Staring around the camp, Piper was surprised to find it abandoned. No one was in the arena, or the wall climbing zone, or at the targets. "Where is everyone?" She thought put loud. "Oh, probably in the breakfast hall," Leo decided dismissively. "Leo, it's like, noon." "Really?" Piper rolled her eyes, but made the smart decision. Which was to simply shut up and go with the flow. The sooner this unnecessary trip could finish, the better. Then she could get back and really work out what was going on. "Whatever," she grumbled, and saw Leo flash a hint of a smile. However, the real torture began the moment they climbed into the van and began to drive towards the highway. "Leo, are you doing this on purpose?" "Doing what?" He asked innocently. Too innocently. "Dude, I can still see the woods behind us! And we've been driving for about half an hour!" "Quit complaining, my dear Piper," was all he said, with an air of superiority which was a tell-tale sign for: I know something you don't. She narrowed her eyes suspiciously, but said nothing. "Shouldn't we at least be on the highway by now?" "Hey, it's not my fault there's so much traffic!" "You call this ," Piper gestured to the cars passing by at a relaxed, leisurely pace, "traffic?" "You don't?" "That cab driver just gave you the finger!" "Are you freaking serious?" he gasped dramatically. "I didn't notice. Call 911 for me, Pipes." "Leo..." "What?" "Drive!" "I am driving! Oh my gods, hormonal teenage girls these days-" "Move this goddamn car !" She screeched, infuriated beyond reasoning. "Okay!" Leo raised his voice to match hers, but made no move to increase the speed. "Are you trying to get me arrested?!" The look he gave her was similar to the look a person might give a psychopath. "How the hell will this get you arrested?!" "Because technically, the age limit for driving in New York is 18 and over!" Leo yelled back. A suspicious glance from Piper confirmed he was struggling to hide his enjoyment in this argument. "Oh, really? Since when?" "Oh, I don't know!" He mimicked her tone. "How about... The 26th amendment?!" Piper groaned loudly, frustrated, and then pulled out her phone and resolved to doing some valuable research on it. Let Leo assume she had given up on the debate. She would show him. A few tries of Google confirmed her suspicion. "Aha! Look at this!" She shoved the phone at Leo's face, which probably wasn't a very smart move, considering that her life was in his hands. "I just googled it! The age limit is 16 and over. And you're 17. So. DRIVE." "Okay, okay!" Leo sighed sadly, but proceeded to increase the acceleration. "There! See?" I've gone all the way up from 40 miles per hour," he gestured to the speed meter, "to 42. Happy now?" He used his free hand to wave her away, but stopped when Piper's hand grabbed onto his. "Stop. It." The ends of the words were clipped harshly, revealing her anger. Leo decided that it was time to stop. When they finally reached the tool shop which was part of a long row of stores at the side of the road, Leo parked the van and stepped out. After he had closed the door, Piper banged her hand on the seat in frustration. This was turning out to be the worst day ever. Leo opened the passenger side door, and Piper guessed he was acting all gentlemanly in the effort to get back on her good side. Well, it wasn't going to work. She stepped out of the van with her head held high and stalked towards the entrance. She stepped inside the store. The faint musty scent of dust and grease drifted through the air, and she was vaguely reminded of Bunker 9. Rows and rows of shelves ran along the wall, all lined with constructive tools, some which Piper couldn't even name. Okay, not some, the majority of them she hadn't even seen. In other words, she had just stepped into Elysium built for the children of Hephaestus. Next to her, Leo rubbed his hands in excitement. "Finally. I get to feel the real thing." Suddenly, a thought struck Piper. "Leo, you could have felt the real thing for the past two years. How come you just thought of coming to a tool shop now?" She raised her eyebrow and tapped her shoe, pressurizing him into giving her an answer. "Oh, I just thought of it yesterday." "Okay, what's going on?" she demanded. "Nothing, nothing. Why the heck would anything be wrong?" Leo chuckled with a hint of nervousness, and again Piper decided to leave it alone. It was obvious she wasn't going to get the answer out of him so easily. She sighed, and the sorrow washed over her. They had forgotten one of the most important days of her life. She didn't understand why, but this affected her more than it should have. Maybe it was just PMS. Sadly, she trailed behind Leo as he began to roam the entire store, finding it absolutely necessary to stop and examine every boring looking tool in sight. -oOo- "Leo, can we go now?" "But we just got here!" "Just got here? We've been here in this freaking hell for almost two hours, and you haven't bought a single tool yet!" "Patience, Piper, patience," Leo replied calmly, making the wait gesture with his free hand, while the other held a screw driver close to his face. He was examining it with so much concentration it was as if he was trying to telepathically communicate with it. "The art of finding the correct tool requires extreme concentration and experience. It is exceedingly time consuming." " The correct tool?" Piper half screamed. "We've been stuck in this place for this long just for one tool?" "Basically, yeah." "Leo, I swear to the effing gods, if we don't get out of this hell hole within the next 60 seconds, I will rip out your eyeballs and shove them down your throat so you can see-" "Found it!" Leo proudly held up the most rusty, ordinary looking screw driver Piper had ever seen in her life. "Tha- that's it?" Piper spluttered. "How can you possibly say that?" Leo gasped. "Look at how beautiful it is! And how right it feels in your grip. Here, see." He shoved the useless tool into Piper's hand. "I don't feel anything." "Of course you don't," he said and snatched it back. "I can't expect someone like... like you to understand!" "Is that a challenge?" Piper demanded immediately as they walked towards the counter. "Oh, are you going all Mufasa on me now?" "What if I am?" "You'd better not. I thought you loved me," Leo whispered dramatically in a small voice as he fished out his wallet, and Piper rolled her eyes. She seemed to be rolling her eyes a lot at this outing. Just as the cashier was accepting the money, Leo