"Annabeth, come on, hurry up!" "Just another minute!" "Honestly, Wise girl, you don't need any of that rubbish on your face! Get out, already!" A very frustrated Percy Jackson rapped – well, more like banged - on the bathroom door, his impatience growing with every knock. "Annabeth, we're gonna miss the movie!" "Okay, okay... just 10 more seconds!" "10, 9, 8..." "You know I didn't mean that literally, seaweed brain." Percy, ignoring her, continued counting. Once he reached zero, he called out again. "Okay, Annabeth, get out now!" "Just one mo-" "I swear to the gods, I'm gonna break down the door. I don't care if this is my mother's hou - oh... oh wow." Percy's speech faltered as Annabeth pushed open the bathroom door and stepped out. The knee length strapless dark blue dress was made to fit her curves perfectly, and clung to her slender body. The camp necklace was strung around her neck, along with the pendant Percy had given her, and was resting against her collarbone is the most arousing way possible- okay, off track. She wore none of that 'rubbish' on her face, which was already beautiful as it was - according to Percy - and for once, she had left her blonde curls open, and they cascaded down her bare shoulders. Her feet were clad in silver heels, created especially to match her thundering grey eyes. This was a special occasion, after all. It had been a long time since they had been able to go on a proper date. And being a demigod, you could never be sure when that chance might come again. However, Annabeth wasn't dressed so beautifully by choice. Given her way, she would have probably pulled on a new shirt and a pair of jeans. Casual wear. Oh no, she had a certain daughter of Aphrodite to thank for this. And whoever invented Truth or Dare too. Hardly noticing Percy's hanging jaw and wide eyes, Annabeth glanced at her watch. "You're right, Percy, if we wanna make this movie we better leave now." She looked up, and a slow, adorable blush began to spread across her face. "Gods, seaweed brain, stop staring!" "Wha - oh, yeah, you're right," Percy said, grabbing Annabeth's hand and pulling her towards his bedroom door. They made their way down the stairs, and opened the apartment door. "Mom, we're leaving," called Percy as they stepped into the empty corridor. "Sure, honey! Have fun!" Quirking an eyebrow pointedly at Annabeth, Percy lowered his voice. "We sure will." Annabeth blushed. They climbed into Paul's Prius, Annabeth in the passenger side. Percy had ensured that the first thing he had done since they had gotten back from the giant war was to get a licence. -oOo- Some time later, Annabeth and Percy sat together on the soft comfortable cinema seats. "Thanks a lot, seaweed brain. You got us here 20 minutes earlier." Sure enough, the trailers were still playing, and the seats weren't even beginning to fill up yet. "Uuuh... sorry?" Percy scratched the back of his neck, looking sheepish. "But this movie is supposed to be really cool." "Yeah, sure," Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Like watching a Disney movie beats a lot of other stuff we could be doing right now." She raised her eyes brows pointedly, and Percy smirked. "I never said that," Percy objected. "I just wanted to take a break from everything. Besides..." he slid his warm, familiar hand into her's, "we haven't spent any time together in a while." Annabeth sighed. It was true. Everything was supposed to be a walk in the park since the giant war had ended, but nooo. They were demigods. Of course not. During the remainder of their stay in camp half blood, Chiron had decided to make her, Percy, Jason and Piper in charge of different training programs. Annabeth was also in charge of redesigning some of the places in camp, while Leo was leading the team of builders in reconstructing them, along with Calypso. And of course, Athena just had to remind Annabeth that she was responsible to completely redesign Olympus itself. Not that she wasn't thrilled, of course. She was absolutely ecstatic. But there really wasn't anything else she need piled onto her already overflowing plate. So now, a time period which was supposed to be filled to the brim with sleeping in, relaxing dates, recovering from serious emotional trauma, and spending time with the love of her life had been turned into torture. "Oh, look, the movies starting." Percy's excited voice interrupted her thoughts, as the lights began to dim, and she rolled her eyes. "Percy, it's just a movie." He gasped dramatically. "How dare you?! I've been waiting for this sequel for forever! Its Finding Dory !" "But sti-" "Shush." Annabeth widened her eyes in mock offence. "Did you just shush m-" "Shush." Annabeth sighed and sat back in her seat. This was gonna be a long night. -oOo- "Percy," Annabeth whispered. "Percy." No reply. Percy was sitting back in his seat, hands folded on his lap, his expression the gravest she had ever seen him wearing. "Percy," she hissed, frustrated. "Seaweed Brain, listen to me." She reached out and shook his arm, trying to receive his distracted attention. "What?" Percy asked loudly, annoyance lacing his voice. "Sshhh." Annabeth could hear angry murmurs behind her at the untimely disturbance. "I'm bored." "Sucks. I'm not." "Percy," she moaned, pulling childishly at the Ys and trying to keep her voice low. "Let's get out of here." "What?" Percy asked indignantly and turned to her, his expression holding nothing but shock, and a sheer layer of hurt. "Why the heck would you want to do that?" He was getting too loud. Two people hissed angrily in unison from the seats behind them. Out of curiosity, Annabeth turned to see who was getting so pissed off by her oblivious boyfriend's carelessness. Sitting on the two seats directly behind them was an elderly couple. Their expressions were filled to the brim with pure annoyance. They old but beautiful woman was dressed in a embroidered silk robe, decorated in owls, while her partner wore a robe of the most startling yet mesmerizing sea green (which were exactly like Percy's eyes, Annabeth noted), with a single trident on the left sleeve. But what astonished Annabeth most was the arrogant way they sat. Like royals. As if everyone else was below them. It seemed familiar, somehow... "Percy, please let's go!" However, using Annabeth's distraction to the full advantage, Percy had turned back to the cinema screen. "Percy, come on!" "Why?" Percy questioned, eyes still focused on the movie. "Because this thing is so boring! Like seriously, there are a million other things we could be doing right now. A date doesn't always have to be a movie." Percy looked as if he was about to cry. His lower lip wobbled, and Annabeth sighed inwardly as he pulled on the adorably unbearable 'baby seal face', and she was aware that she'd already lost. "Fine, fine, we can stay," she sighed grudgingly. "But I would much rather be making out in the back of the Prius." At that comment, the furious couple shushed them again. This time, Percy noticed, and turned to look. "Aren't those people too old to be at a movie like this?" "Yeah, and like we're eight years old," Annabeth snorted. "We shouldn't be at a movie like this either. We're 17." "Fine, if you wanna leave your poor, lonely boyfriend who you say you love with all your heart and who has been waiting for this movie for years, be my guest. Ditch me. Go on." He crossed his arms and sat back on his seat, and sighed, pouting. "Goodbye. I love you too. Go watch Mockingbird part 2, if you want. It's on screen 4. You can buy some caramel popcorn if you wa-" Then Annabeth kissed him. And he shut up. Their lips moulded together. She knew they shouldn't be doing this, but it was too dark for anyone to notice anyway, and they were, fortunately, siting near the top. Besides, what else did humanity expect two immensely hormonal teenagers in love to do when they entered a cinema to watch a movie appropriate for five year olds? Lips moving together in sync, Annabeth sighed into his mouth and laced her hand around the back of his neck, while the other was positioned on the armrest, keeping her steady. She pulled him closer. Hopefully, if her plan succeeded (like it always did), Percy would be so caught up in kissing her, plus being eager for more, that he would forget about the movie and they could escape this torture. Finally, finally, they pulled away, gasping for air, careful to keep their heavy breathing low. It was a miracle no one else was in their row, or they'd have been caught for sure. "Its Mocking jay , seaweed brain," she murmured, as their breaths mingled together, and she was just about to dragl him back in when she felt something lightly hit the top if her head. She jumped, startled out of her peaceful reverie. Pulling back slightly, she struggled to get her rapid heartbeat under control in preparation for launching into a full expedition to find what could have possibly fallen onto her. Extra precautions were exceedingly necessary, if slightly stupid, in a demigod's life. "What?" Percy's breath fanned her open lips, their faces still extremely close, noses almost touching. His voice was breathless and husky from lack of oxygen. Then Annabeth decided the precautions could be saved for later. They were two of the most powerful demigods in the century, weren't they? They were part of the seven Heroes of Olympus. They were partly responsible for defeating Gaea herself. Not to mention Kronos, which everyone seemed to keep on forgetting. They could handle a lone monster in the cinema. Piece of cake. So she went back to kissing him, smashing her soft, smooth lips to his. They lost track of time after that; they could only register the taste on each other's lips, the feeling of combing their hands through the other's hair, knotting their fingers into the tangles. There was a certain thrill to making out at the back if a cinema. As if they could be caught at any moment - and they knew that, they knew the risks, but they still did it. Annabeth liked this feeling of breaking the rules every once in a while. That made her think of the stable night, and she smiled into Percy's eager mouth. The chill ran down her back before it hit her head again. She shuddered slightly at the eerie feeling, and this time it was anger, not fear, which made her pull away. "What the hell...?" Annabeth murmured in confusion as she let go of her boyfriend and felt around on her head. "What?" "Something hit me," she whispered back. "It's good to know what my hotness and kissing skills combined can do to you. It gives you hallucinations." Percy smirked smugly. "Shut up, seaweed brain," she hissed. "I swear, something hit me." Bewildered, Annabeth felt around her seat and lap, seeking the cause of the abrupt rude interruption. Her fingers found something small and sticky on her lap, and she picked it up gingerly, bringing the object close to her face, struggling to see it through the dim visibility. She was holding a piece of caramel popcorn. Furious, she spun around to look at the two following rows. No one was looking at her apologetically, so it wasn't an accident. Which meant somebody had done it on purpose. Immediately, Annabeth turned her focus to the elderly couple. She was overflowing with suspicion. However, they looked completely nonchalant. And not the overdone nonchalant which convinced you that they were trying to use reverse psychology to avoid looking guilty, either. They were either immensely talented actors, or the movie must be really engrossing.