From the ashes, springs forth new life… She stared. She could not help but stare, as her loss slowly wound its way into her mind; enveloping it in a crushing embrace. The pressure from the entirety of her situation forced her to her knees. Her family dead; gone in a single, terrible instant. The unbearable pain brought tears to her eyes. Yells in the distance brought Brewyn out of her stupor. Wiping her tears, sniffling a little, she got to her feet, and hurried to get a pack of clothes, some food, and several hunting knives together. The yells were getting closer and she had no place to hide except…Fangorn Forest. Biting her lip, Brewyn hesitated; no one went into Fangorn for a reason, but, she had little time and the Orcs were getting closer. Straightening her shoulders and nodding her head, she ran towards the forest. Besides, it was only for the night… Five Years Later Brewyn grinned, she loved Fangorn Forest. Five years ago when she had first gone into hide, she was such a bundle of nerves; she had ended up going in to far and getting lost. And then she had met Treebeard…Brewyn chuckled at that thought. Treebeard had let her rest in his branches for the night. That one night had turned into two, those two into a month; soon enough Treebeard and the rest of the Ents had adopted her. She then met Bronmir, and his siblings, and the other cubs… Flashback: one year in the forest Brewyn was late; she had promised to meet Treebeard an hour ago. As she ran, she stumbled into a big glen. She did not even notice the smell of blood, until she slipped in a puddle of the substance. For the first time, Brewyn took note of her surroundings. Mature Wargs lay slaughtered; in fact, it seemed there were only dead females. This was another Orc raid it seemed; taking the male Wargs as their steeds and leaving the females slaughtered. The scene before her raised another question to the front of her mind; where were the Warg cubs? A pitiful whimper came from the other side of the glen; as if that was a signal around a dozen more whimpers were heard. Ah, so that was where they went. Moving carefully, Brewyn made her way towards the whimpers, stepping softly she pushed some grass away carefully and saw eight Warg cubs crawling over a Wargs corpse, licking, and tugging at it. The sight was pitiful; but Brewyn could not bring herself to put the cubs out of their misery. Brewyn was so lost in thought she never noticed a cub had detached itself from the group, and was making its way over towards her. She finally noticed the cub when a set of teeth sank into her foot, yelping she leapt away in surprise; only to come back a moment later, chuckling ruefully. Picking up the cub (dark grey, with white tips at the ears and gold eyes), she cuddled it to her chest, until it stopped its struggle to get free. Eventually it nestled into her falling asleep. "Your name shall be Bronmir, for you lost a mother and, I a brother; we shall be each other's family now." Present day Brewyn proceeded to name All of Bronmir's siblings after her own; Anwen, Andmir, and Aeyer, all three of them black, with gold eyes. Then there were Caymir, Celebwyn, and Ceylia, brown pups with blue eyes. Last of all there was little Branwen, dark grey just like Bronmir with white paws and blue eyes. After about a week of taking care of them Brewyn went back to the glen, there she found a lone golden colored Warg female with six or seven other pups. Once the Warg caught sight of Brewyn, she started to growl, and her hackles rose. Brewyn knew enough to back out slowly, and then walk away. Over a period of months, Brewyn had gone back, taking her cubs with her, slowly letting the female Warg get used to her and her new family. By the end of her second year in Fangorn, Brewyn had befriended the female Warg, whom she eventually named Kria, along with her cubs (five males and two females). Among the cubs the females were white, named; Snow and Ice, then the males were named; Larikan and Larigan the only brown ones, and the three black ones were Heyton, Navar, and Morn. All seven of them had black eyes. Her fourth year in Fangorn, after learning how to understand the trees and other animals in the forest, she was asked to become the Ents spokesperson, (which she accepted after a month, any earlier and she was being 'too hasty') an emissary of sorts. Now, five years after that terrible raid on her family farm Brewyn had only been outside of Fangorn a handful of times to a small town in the Wold. Now after having seen her disappear in the forest several times she had gained the reputation of a witch. Walking towards the southwestern border of Fangorn Brewyn headed for a site the trees had been complaining about for a while now; as she got closer, she felt the trees pain. How long had it been since one of the tree-herder's had been here? Finally she cleared the last of the trees as their pain rose to a crescendo; staring Brewyn hardly recognized Isengard. Gone were the trees, in fact there was no greenery as far as she could see. In fact, all she could see were Orcs, thousands upon thousands of Orcs… "What has he done?" she whispered in anguish, hardly noticing she began to speak in a deep powerful voice that spoke of pain. "How far you have fallen White Wizard…from this day forward, no longer will the trees answer to your power, now will the animals. Water will be repulsed by you; earth shall shrink away from your touch. Fire shall scorch you; the air shall no longer whisper your tidings. May your food taste like maggots in your mouth, may your thoughts be poison to your brain; hear me Valor! And so mote it be!" Coming again to herself; she gave a start when she saw two figures on top of the tower. One was garbed in white, the other in grey. "Gandalf…has he hurt thee too?" looking around Brewyn spotted a moth on a tree stump nearby. Encasing it gently in her hands she spoke to it quietly "Sneaky moth, fly to Gandalf the Grey and do as he bids. Beware the White One little one; he is no longer a friend to nature. Go and may the winds guide and aid you." So saying she let it go, and watched as the insect fluttered away. "I've given you a way out Grey One; it is up to you whether or not you find the door." Brewyn turned and disappeared into Fangorn once again. 'I must go and report my findings to Treebeard,' thought she. So thinking she howled; summoning her siblings. Starting to run towards where she knew Treebeard would be; on the way Bronmir and Branwen joined her; leaping off of a tree and onto Bronmir's back Brewyn whispered to him "To Treebeard my brother." Howling; Bronmir started North-east; as they ran her other siblings joined them, as did Kria and her pack. "Treebeard! Treebeard I bring news from the south-west!" "Slow down child, one would think the forest was afire…hmmmmm" "Treebeard it's about the White One! He no longer treats us as friends; he looks to Orcs for friendship now." "What? What is this you say? Hmmmmm." "Saruman has turned against us, in the south western border- oh Treebeard! He has killed our trees!" A roar of rage swept through the forest as Brewyn covered her ears. "Hmmmmm… Come child we must speak with our brother tree-herders." A month later, they were still talking; currently Brewyn was resting in Treebeard's branches as the old Entish lulled her into a peaceful sleep. Slowly as the speaking stopped, Treebeard shook the branch Brewyn was resting in. "Wake child; we have to tell you something hmmmmm." "Yes Treebeard?" "You must journey to Rivendell, seek the council of Elrond Peredhil; he and his ilk will aid us hmmmmm. Take your siblings with you hmmmmm." "I go at once honored council. Come my siblings we go to do the will of the trees." Howling they took off. Stopping at the northern edge of Fangorn forest, Brewyn addressed Kria and her pack "I would have the use of Snow and Ice, if you would permit it Kria." Gaining Kria's assent, Brewyn spoke again "You and you sons shall watch the forest in our stead; let no one enter, especially the White One. Farewell. Turning, she addressed her fellow travelers "come let us be off." Climbing onto Bronmir's back, they headed north-west, howling a farewell to their family and home. Brewyn was exhausted. They had passed Weather Top two weeks ago, and night was falling. They were almost to Rivendell if what the trees said was true; their only obstacle- a river. "Gather your strength tonight my friends tonight we sleep, tomorrow; Snow, Ice and Bronmir shall come with me to Rivendell. The rest of you shall wait for our call." As they settled down for the night, Bronmir, Andmir and Caymir went off hunting and killed a buck for them. Brewyn savored the raw meat as she knew this was the last meal she would eat with her whole pack for a while. They awoke in the morning under a copse of trees to see an Elvin horse bearing two passengers thundering past them on the road. Brewyn gave the order to let them pass. Right behind the two came nine riders in black, the hair on the back of Brewyn's neck as she caught sight of them, those riders were evil. Again, she let them pass, but she could hear the growls that came from her companions. By this time, the first horse was on the other side of the river where its riders paused. Brewyn could now see one was a child; those black creatures were hunting a child! Brewyn's temper flared and she gave the order for her Wargs to close in on them. The Wargs leapt up snapping at the horse's flanks and hooves, herding them into the water that was charged with energy. The rider's tried to swing their swords at her Wargs – trying to escape the water- but every time they were pelted in the head by rocks the size of their fists by Brewyn. Finally sensing the water gathering to attack, Brewyn called them back to the bank. Not a few seconds too early, either for just then a giant wave that seemed to hold charging silvery horses bore down on the black riders, sweeping them away down the river. Turning back to her Wargs Brewyn stroked them, murmuring words of praise; before dismissing all but Ice, Snow, and Bronmir. "We will call soon." With that, her Wargs headed by Andmir disappeared swiftly as if they had never been. Climbing once again onto Bronmir they crossed the now calm, ankle deep water to where the Elf and the child still stood. "Greeting first-born, how far to Rivendell?" "Greetings wolf-child, I am Glorfindel, seneschal to Lord Elrond; what is your business in our fair city?" Glorfindel hmm, it seemed Brewyn had heard that name before, "You may call me Brewyn; this is my brother; Bronmir, and our companions Snow and Ice. We seek council from lord Elrond. " "From where do you hail? Your accent is foreign to me." "From Fangorn Forest, lord Glorfindel." Brewyn watched as his eyes widened slightly, before he mastered his surprise. "Allow me to escort you, for none shall question you while with me" So Brewyn went. As they went along a trail, two other elves joined them; Glorfindel introduced them as Erumollien