Bella's Pov We were all sitting around in Sam and Emily's living room waiting for the rest of the pack to get back. We had nothing to do tonight so Kim called us all here to play a little game. Everyone sat in a circle next to their imprints or friends chatting about random stuff. I would sit by my imprint but you know...he hates me. I try to ignore it but he is always so damn rude to me. I don't understand him at times but I guess this is what I get for being in love with the angriest pack member. "We're back!" Quil shouted walking in the door with Paul and Jake right behind him. "Good now sit your asses down and let's get started." Kim replied. "And what are we playing again?" "Truth or Dare." she grinned. "Great.." Emily mumbled. "And remember if you do not do a Dare then you will be punished even worse. Oh and please no dirty things unless that person is not in a relationship." Kim said. "Okay then I'll go first..Sam Truth or Dare?" Quil asked. He gazed at him wary. "Truth I guess." Quil laughed evilly making Sam look a little scared.. "If you were to date any girl in this group minus Emily who would it be and why?" Sam looked nervous trying not to look a glaring Emily in the eye. "Leah." he mumbled to quickly. "I'm sorry I thought I heard you say Leah." Emily chuckled. "I did.." "Sam?" she shouted. "B..But I love you Em. My second choice would be Leah because she is fiesty...but you are loving, caring, and sweet." he tried to explained. "Whatever." she replied. Leah was still sitting there mouth wide opened with a very pissed off Jake next to her. "Uley stay away from my girl." he growled. "Come on guys let's move on Sammy it's your turn." Kim huffed. "Hmm Jared Truth or Dare?" Jared smirked acting all good and mighty. "Dare." Sam looked mischievously wiping that smirk off Jareds face quick. "I dare you too go upstairs and put on Emily's tightest dress and let Kim do your makeup. Then you have to come back down and stay like that for the rest of the game." "What the fuck dude? No!" he growled. "Then you have to take the worst option." Sam smirked. "Fine lead the way Kimmy." he mumbled. We sat there for a while on just chatting away. Paul and Sam were talking about something funny in front of me. Seth, Quil, and Embry were talking about video games. Leah and Jake were in a hard-core make out session in front of me. Which left me and Emily talking about dinner for tonight. All of a sudden the guys snap their heads towards the stairs I guess implying Jared was coming down. I was right when he took that last few steps in the light showing his tight dress that made his arms poke out like monkeys, then he was wearing the brightest eyeshadow I have ever seen in my life along with glittery high heels. We all roared with laughter, some of us rolling on the ground. "Oh..My..God." Jake laughed tears rolling down his face. "I can't breathe." Quil shouted. "Hey Jared what corner you working tonight?" Leah spoke making everyone roar with laughter again. "Go fuck yourselves." he mumbled sitting back down pulling Kim down with him. "So...do you feel pretty?" Jake asked after a few moments of silence. I choked on my spit before laughing again. "Actually I do..Jake Truth or Dare." he glared. "Dare you too kiss Leah..." Jared started "That's easy dude." he said grabbing Leah. "And Bella at the same time." he finished. "What?" we all said. "No way no no no." I replied scooting over to Seth. "It's not your dare to back out of sweet heart. Maybe you should learn not to laugh at pretty people." he smirked looking us over. "Let's just get this over with." Leah mumbled pulling me to her. "Leah?" Jake asked but before Leah could reply she smashed her lips into mine. We fought for dominance, tongues twirling around trying to taste each other. "Shit..that's hot." Quil mumbled. "Can I get in too." Jake asked. Leah pulled a part grabbing Jake and pulling his lips over to ours. "I can't believe I'm saying this but I wish I was Jake right now." Embry whispered. I heard a loud growl from in front of us but I couldn't move to see who it was. Before pulling away Jake gave us each a kiss on the lips. Me and Leah just looked at each other before busting out laughing. "Oh God that was better than last time." she laughed. "Last time?" Jared whispered. "Yeah but Kim was much better than Jake though." I replied sitting back in my seat. "Kim?" Jared whispered again. "Thanks for that dare bro..I needed that." Jake laughed. Jared looked dumb founded in his spot not saying a word. "So...Emily Truth or Dare." Jake continued. "Uh...truth." she whispered now looking frighten from his face expression. "Emily who did you think was the hottest out of us when Sam first introduced you." "Jake please don't make me answer this..." she whined looking around the group. "Emily answer the question." Sam snapped. "Paul." she whispered looking me in the eye. Umm say what? "Me? Well Emily I feel honored." Paul spoke for the first time. I rolled my eyes before leaning against Seth. "Shut up, Sam is still my number one." she spat grabbing Sam's hand. Sam was just frozen in place glaring at Paul. "Whatever you say princess.." Paul laughed scooting away from Sam. "Paul Truth or Dare?" Emily asked him. "Dare." "I dare you too call Lauren up and tell her you love her and you want to run away together." she smirked. The look on Paul's face was priceless but keeping his word he pulled out his phone and dialed the number. He glanced at me before starting the conversation. "Hey Lauren this is Paul. Look I know I told you I wanted a one night stand but uh I'm in love with you." he forced out disgusted. "I want to be with you and I want to run away together. Forget life here baby and let's got make a new one together." he finished. "Oh Paul..I love you too. I want to be with you..I really do but..I pregnant and it's not yours...I mean nobody has to know that. We can raise it and we can be one happy family-" "Man why did you hang up on her? I wanted to hear the rest." Jake laughed. "I couldn't take the rest of her mouth." he gagged. "I'm not surprise she's pregnant." I mumbled earning a lot of head nods. "Well at least we know it's not Paul's." Quil laughed earning many glares. "Quil Truth or Dare.." Paul hissed. "Dare." he grinned. "I dare you to strip right here and run down the neighborhood saying you're in love with a stripper." "Hell yeah I been wanting to do that for a while now." he said dropping his pants. "Quil don't forget about the girls." Sam hissed covering Emily's eyes. The rest of the guys did that for their girls but I was left just staring. "Bella you like what you see?" I was broken out of my trance once he said that. "Um no j..just get this over with." I blushed looking the other way and into the eyes of an angry Paul. "Let's do this." Quil yelled running out the house with us behind him. Embry grabbed me and carried me bridal style after Quil. Paul was ahead making sure he was doing it right and the others were with us roaring with laughter. "I'm in love with a stripper!" he shouted coming up to Old Quils house. Old Quil popped his head out the door looking around before his eyes landed on his grandson. "Quil? What in the sanes fuck are you doing?" he yelled. "I'm in love with a stripper grandpa." Quil replied running passed him. Old Quil said "I knew that kid was dropped as a baby.." before walking back inside. "I can't breathe." I laughed once we got back to the house. "Did someone get that on video?" Kim asked once we were all back in our spots. "I did!" Leah said showing her camera. "Well it's my turn so.. Bella." he smiled looking at me. Oh no... "Truth or Dare?" "Dare.." I replied but I should have known better to day Dare for Quil. "Oh no.." Jake mumbled. "I dare you to let the girls take you up stairs and give you a really sexy makeover. I mean really sexy..and then you have to stay like that till the game is over. "Noooo." I whined when they started pulling my arms up. All the guys were smirking and waving bye as I was pulled upstairs. "Okay Bella sit your ass on the bed and don't move." Leah commanded. "I think Kim needs to do the hair, I got the outfit, and Leah can do the makeup." Emily replied going in her closet. "I just want to wear sweats and call it a night." I groaned throwing myself back on the bed. "Oh no ma'am you gotta dress to impress." Kim replied yanking me up and leading me to the bathroom. She took my hair down and straighten it out. She curled the ends and flipped my side bangs. I actually didn't look that bad but I hated the part when she applied all that hair spray. "I can't breathe Kim." I coughed waving my hands around. "I can't have your curls messing up." she replied moving out the way so that Leah can do my make up. "Please don't make me look like Jared." I mumbled. "I'm not girl. I'm going neutral so just sit back and relax." she chuckled. She was right she didn't pack my face with all that shit. It was very natural and I actually looked really good. "Now get your ass up and let's go see what Emily has for you." we walked in to find a piece of clothing on the bed. Actually it looked like scraps of cloth, that wouldn't cover me. "Okay..where is the clothes?" I asked trying not to look at what's on the bed. "Right in front of you." Emily smirked. "You have got to be kidding right? This outfit is probably not even legal." I replied. "Come on put it on." Kim demanded. "No not in a million years." I yelled running out the room across the hall. "Bella get back here!" they screamed chasing after me. They finally found me and dragged me back to the room. "No! Somebody fucking help me! I would rather die that wear that!" I screamed. "Sorry Bella." I heard someone shout from downstairs. "Come on it's just shorts and a top." Emily replied. "Those are more like ass shorts and it's kinda see through." I replied holding the barley looking shorts up. "Put them on! Oh and the best part you don't have to wear panties with that." Kim smirked pulling down my sweats. "Please don't make me wear this." I whined. "Shut up and strip." Leah commanded. I took my panties off and tried to put on these so called shorts. "They fit." Emily smiled. "Emily why do you wear shit like this?" I asked looking in the mirror. I was right my ass was hanging out and it made it pop. "I don't, it was a gift. Now hurry up and take your bra off." she replied. I threw on the matching bra that goes with the shorts. "I feel fucking naked.." I cried. "Good Quil said look sexy now put on these heels." Leah said handing me high heels. "Yeah you guys really want me to die." I mumbled putting on the shoes