A/N: I don't even know what to say about this. This is my first Drarry, and I hope you like it! Thank you to Jade Presley for holding my hand through the writing and cheering me on; this story is dedicated to you. A huge thank you also to Pierrej92 for giving this a look over! Onto official things: I do not own anything about the Harry Potter world. Smut ahoy! Enjoy :) " You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there." A young and pompous Draco Malfoy struck his hand between himself and the Boy Who Lived expectantly. What he didn't expect was the way he felt when Harry refused his outstretched hand. Though he was as much a Malfoy as any and could easily hide his true emotions under a blank mask of indifference or anger, he was most like Narcissa, a highly emotional person. Over his years at school, his peers would only see him as a spoiled bigot. But when he was alone that night, shut up behind the curtains of his four-poster bed, he spilled his emotions out on paper in the form of musical compositions. He'd had piano lessons since he was a child, along with Latin, dancing, basic language and maths, and, once his parents deemed him old enough, Occlumency. He'd never written music before that night, but he found it came naturally to him. Though he couldn't physically play the songs he wrote as he did so, he could practically hear the notes in his head and feel the next one as if the song had always been there waiting for someone to discover it. He didn't know why being rejected by Harry made him feel anything other than anger or bitterness. As he composed the song, projecting the sound of each note in his mind, he recognized a wistful sadness that he didn't understand, a longing that he didn't know he could feel. Draco was alone in the grand ballroom of Malfoy Manor save for the beautiful, antique piano at which he sat. His long, slender fingers played across the keys effortlessly. The music he was playing filled him with the same emotions he'd felt when he wrote the piece. He remembered writing it during his first night at Hogwarts. He'd been angry when he first started composing the notes, which were harsh, loud and impossible to ignore. Each section of the score was a musical representation of his reaction to Harry Potter refusing to shake his hand. And no , he thought as he started to play the song again, he hadn't been angry for the reasons one might expect. Draco Malfoy, heir to the Malfoy estate and Wizengamot seat, was gay. He'd known since fourth year when he had desperately wanted to take Theo Nott to the Yule Ball instead of Pansy Parkinson, or even the more conventionally pretty Daphne Greengrass. It had been a spectacular row between his parents when he confessed his true feelings. He was unofficially betrothed to Pansy, only missing a few signatures his parents were holding off on to make sure the two continued to be compatible as they aged. Though Narcissa and Lucius had been lucky their arranged marriage grew into love, they did not want to risk a loveless life for their son. They had not, however, expected to be faced with the possibility that the Malfoy line would die with their son. He acquiesced to taking the pig-faced witch to the dance, and forced himself to put away the lingering feelings he felt not only for his best friend but for the dark haired boy with beautiful green eyes. " Sectumsempra!" Draco had never heard the spell before but didn't have much time to ponder it as he fell gracelessly to the bathroom floor. Before he felt pain, he registered that he was wet from the water leaking out of damaged sinks nearby. And as he watched his blood swirl endlessly into the otherwise clear liquid, he knew he must be dying. How poetic , he thought bitterly to himself. He wanted nothing more than to live in a world where he and Harry could be friends or more and yet he was stuck in one where Harry was his mortal enemy. The music changed dramatically as one song bled into the next. Hopeless and sad, it had been the only song worth writing that year. The Dark Mark that had been burned into his skin and his task to murder Hogwarts' Headmaster had set him officially and firmly against Harry, and Draco cursed himself thinking that was a position from which he could never return — and so this song was born. The emotionless Malfoy mask crumbled as he flipped the page to the next song. "What in Salazar's name are you doing ?" the shrill voice of Pansy Parkinson sliced through Draco's endless emotions, and his mask slammed firmly back into place. "Oh not this rubbish again," she continued, undeterred by his silence as she came closer to him and snatched the copy of the Daily Prophet from the top of the piano. "Honestly, for someone employed by the Prophet, you might want to reconsider your language," Draco replied pointedly. Pansy responded with a glare that told him she was not about to let him change the subject. "Draco," she sighed, dropping the paper back onto the instrument before closing her eyes and gripping the bridge of her nose. "If you would just talk to him, you might find all of this pathetic wallowing is for nothing." Draco opened his mouth to speak and closed it without saying a word. He sat there silently for a moment before trying once more, only to close his mouth again. "For fuck's sake, Draco, you look like a bloody fish! Spit it out!" The piano bench screeched loudly across the floor as Draco stood. He clenched and unclenched his fists repeatedly in an attempt to redirect his myriad emotions instead of taking them all out on Pansy. Mentally he shrugged to himself as he took two steps toward her, she asked for it . "What in that God damned infantile mind of yours makes you think that Potter would even want to talk to me?" Pansy stared her friend down, unperturbed by his aggression as she placed one hand on her cocked hip. "Since you asked so nicely , I happen to know he wants to give your wand back." Draco huffed, rolling his eyes. "Just because you're fucking Weaselbee doesn't mean you know anything about Potter." Rolling her eyes, Pansy threw her hands out dramatically. "They're all Gryffindors you prat! They're as subtle as a giant at tea time." "It's been two years!" Draco nearly cut her off. "Why does he want to give it back now?" Pansy's eyes drifted back to the newspaper, and she deflated. She understood Draco's pain and fear — though she knew he would never admit to being afraid. She felt the magic of the stupid Unbreakable Vow she'd made after a drunken night out pushing against her mind, reminding her not to give away too much. Closing her eyes and taking a deep breath, Pansy centered herself before meeting her friend's gaze once more. She pursed her lips. "You're not the only one doing stupid things to deny his true feelings." Before he could respond, she'd left the room, and only a few moments later, he felt her magical signature exit the Manor's wards. He sighed and glared at the newspaper. The moving photo showed Harry and Susan Bones kissing in Diagon Alley, but the headline pained him more than the image. BOY WHO LIVED OUT WITH SEVENTH WITCH IN AS MANY WEEKS Sun streamed through a small crack in the heavy curtains of Harry Potter's bedroom. He grimaced as the light found his eyes, and he moved his hands in front of his face to block to harshness. He groaned, turning away from the window to grapple for his glasses on the bedside table. Pain shot through his head as he opened his eyes from behind his spectacles that were now perched on the bridge of his nose. The room swam into clarity, as did the lump of covers next to him. Susan Bones' chestnut brown hair peeped out from beneath the maroon duvet. He sighed, moving his legs over the bedside and wriggling his toes in the carpet. He padded silently to the bathroom where he downed a quick hangover potion and splashed his face with cool water. He looked up at his fuzzy reflection in the mirror and frowned. How did he end up like this? He was the Boy Who Lived Twice for Merlin's sake. He shouldn't have to spend so much time pretending to be someone he wasn't. As much as he'd personally done for the Wizarding World, they were still as judgemental as ever. Pureblood ideology was ripped from polite society only to have new prejudices grow in its place. He shook his head, returning his glasses to his face. Poor Hermione was working nonstop to prevent new and improved laws being instated to discriminate against minorities. The Wizarding World couldn't decide on any one group just yet and instead were throwing things at the wall in the hopes something would stick: the poor, people of color, homosexuals. All were already marginally frowned upon, but if the Wizarding World wasn't careful, they would set the stage for a third war. "For a gay guy, the sex was better than expected," Susan said bluntly as he returned to the bedroom to find her still lying in his bed. He ran a hand lazily through his mess of jet black hair, unfazed by the fact that the covers had dropped as she sat up, and the light from the window illuminated her pert breasts. "For a girl whose date started with a nondisclosure agreement, you sure stick around longer than expected," Harry bit back more harshly than he'd intended to. Susan's eyes narrowed, and any man hoping for a chance with her would've reversed course. Harry was not such a man. His jaw twitched as he ground his teeth in annoyance. "I'm sorry," he said finally, though his voice was emotionless. "You use me to further your standing in society, and I use you to keep society off my back about my sexual preferences. I try to make this a nice experience for all involved. I would very much appreciate it if you didn't insinuate you thought I wouldn't be able to get it up." Susan let out a long, slow breath. "I just didn't realize that was part of the agreement, considering my lack of...you know…" "Well, I thought you should experience at least one good orgasm in your life," Harry said with a sly grin. His deep green eyes sparkled with charm, and with his pyjama pants slung low on his sharply cut hips, he knew good and well the effect his appearance could have on anyone with eyes. "I've found the more attractive a man looks, the less he tries in bed, and I just don't think that's right." Barking out a laugh, Susan shook her head. She moved to stand, and clothed herself quickly. "Alright, Harry," she spoke affectionately, "it was cuter when you were humble." The man merely shrugged and watched her walk across the room moving past him and out of the bedroom. He followed her into the main part of his flat. They said goodbye at the front door, and he took a moment to kiss her knuckles before seeing her out. Harry sighed loudly as he closed the door behind her, turning back toward the sitting room, happy for the momentary solace. For a single moment, Harry worried the disclosure agreement wouldn't be enough in Susan's case, but he shrugged it off