A/N: All canon character, plots, and situations from the Harry Potter series belong to JK Rowling. I am not profiting from this work. Many thanks to JadePresley for her work on this story and her unending encouragement and love. "Tuum Fatum" was written for the Quills & Parchment creature one shot competition. Tuum fatum (Latin): Make your own fate Harry Potter was running away. He'd taken a cab across town and let his feet carry him the rest of the way. He hadn't been sure where he was going at first, but he realized quickly there were only a couple places he could go. He was still seething as his tiny fist knocked against the plain brown door. A beautiful woman appeared in the doorway, a smile on her face at the sight of her eight-year-old nephew standing on her porch. "Harry! What are you doing here?" The dark-haired boy pushed his glasses further up the bridge of his nose and scrunched up the unmarked olive skin on his forehead in frustration. "Aunt Tuny, I'm running away!" he proclaimed before throwing his fists down at his sides dramatically. Petunia chuckled indulgently at the boy on her doorstep and ushered him inside, thankful, at least, that his idea of running away was nothing like hers had been. Twelve years earlier. Petunia Evans was running away. For six years she had watched with wicked jealousy as her sister packed for Hogwarts. Six long years of explaining why she was still in public school while her perfect sister was away at a special school. Her sister was special in a good way, and Petunia was nothing. Petunia was tired of the hand fate had dealt her. Tired of missing her sister, of being jealous and trying to break out of Lily's shadow to impress their parents. It was time to take matters into her own hands. Six years ago, her letter to Headmaster Dumbledore pleading to go to Hogwarts had been kindly declined, but if she actually showed up at Hogwarts they would have to let her in. If she could see the castle they would have to let her stay. On the second of September, the seventeen year old faked sick. Once her parents went to work, she jumped from the bed and grabbed the pack that she'd put together the night before. She couldn't carry much, but she had some money to fill in the gaps. She didn't think it would take long to get to Scotland. And it hadn't, but she had underestimated how difficult it would be to find any of the landmarks that Lily had told her about. Her sister only ever talked about Hogwarts, and Petunia thought that knowledge alone would help her find the castle. But there are a lot of knotty-looking trees in Scotland, Petunia thought bitterly as she traveled. She was hungry and exhausted, and the negative feelings of bitterness and jealousy sat like toxins in the pit of her stomach. She'd been searching for seven days, but Petunia was getting close; she could feel it in her bones. But it was getting dark; she needed to find a place to set up her tent. A rumbling started in the sky above her, and she frowned as she watched storm clouds rolling in. Petunia spotted a thicket of trees that could provide some cover, and she took off running, her feet falling in time with the thunderous symphony. The full moon was partially covered by dark clouds. As it rose to its place in the sky, Petunia was sitting inside her tent hoping the rain would pass soon. Maybe she was hallucinating — it had been a week since she'd gotten a proper meal, after all — but she was sure she heard a rustling in the distance above the sounds of the storm. She poked her head out and looked around the darkened forest. She was alone, but her curiosity got the better of her. She walked slowly through the scrub before stopping dead in her tracks. Through the trees she could see big animals moving around in the shadows. A pair of large yellow eyes locked onto hers, and her breath caught in her throat at the sight. Adrenaline pumped through her veins as she turned and ran. Her lungs were constricting, and her heart thumped wildly against her rib cage as she moved quickly through the rain. She pushed through the pain. She pushed away the shattering feeling in her legs as fear threatened to overwhelm her, and she told herself the animal following her was just a rabid dog. That was the last thought she had before the beast caught up to her. Petunia woke with no recollection of her surroundings. As her eyes came back into focus, she noted she was in a beautiful clearing surrounded by large, thick trees. She blinked a few times and found it strange how sharp her vision was. She didn't have time to question it, though, because acute pain shot through her body. She yelped under the weight of it, curling in on herself. Something cold nudged her side, and she opened her eyes to see a large wolf. Petunia screamed again, but the animal didn't flinch. It whined pitifully, and Petunia managed to sit up, bringing her hand near the animal for it to examine her. The wolf huffed — Petunia thought it seemed annoyed, as ridiculous as that sounded — and pushed its muzzle against her hand before sniffing her all over. It was then that she saw the dried blood staining her clothes. Petunia sucked in a breath, her eyes widening in fright. She looked at the animal, and somehow she knew that this thing hadn't bit her — it had saved her. The wolf howled quietly, breaking Petunia out of her epiphany. She heard rustling in the trees, and the wolf's pack emerged. Petunia watched in awe as they circled around her and sniffed her wound. Her jeans were ripped at the bottom, and the bite she'd endured looked shockingly clean. As she processed that she'd been bitten by something, the pain intensified, radiating from her leg throughout her whole body. "What happened to me?" she asked the wolves, and she felt stupid for doing so, but she knew instinctively that these beasts were intelligent. The first wolf whined again, and its eyes seemed sad as it nuzzled her body with its snout. "I need help," she said, feeling the pain overwhelming her, darkness clouding the edge of her vision. The wolf nuzzled under her, and she maneuvered onto its back. She managed to grab a handful of scruff before the animal took off running. Petunia struggled to stay awake as the wolf's steady gate lulled her. If it hadn't been for the pain coursing through her, she may have lost consciousness, but she was awake as the wolf broke through the treeline and approached a grand castle. She could see it . She turned her head back and forth, and she nearly hooted in excitement because she could see the Whomping Willow, looking exactly as Lily had described. Hugging the animal tighter, Petunia flinched slightly at the howl it emitted as it reached the grand front doors. A tall, white-haired man with a long beard appeared. "Ah, Galen, what a pleasant surprise," the man's voice was wistful as he spoke. He stared curiously through his half-moon spectacles at the sight of a bleeding stranger on the wolf's back. Petunia desperately wanted to look around the castle, but she closed her eyes, listening closely to the man in front of her. "What have you here?" The wolf growled low in its throat. "I see," but his tone had lost its lightness. "Can you carry her to the Hospital Wing, Galen?" The wolf barked softly, and Petunia felt them moving once more. She tried to glance around, but she passed out the moment she was placed in a bed. "Albus, I recognize her." The vaguely familiar voice Petunia heard as she woke sounded nervous, and she decided not to open her eyes. "She's a muggle . How is she here?" "She's more than just a muggle now," the older man from earlier said, and Petunia felt the bed sheet moved away from her legs. The woman gasped. "Muggles don't usually survive such bites," the witch tightly. "You say you recognize her. Who is she? A sister to one of our muggleborns, perhaps?" "Lily Evans is her sister," Minerva responded. "I'll go fetch her." Petunia heard the click of the witch's heels fading away but kept her eyes closed. "How are you feeling, Ms. Evans?" the older man asked, and Petunia's eyes popped open. "How did you know I was awake?" she asked accusingly, but the older man only smiled. "I know lots of things, Ms. Evans," he responded, twirling his beard between wrinkled fingers. "What I do not know is why you were in the forests of Scotland." Petunia cast her gaze downward, and she could feel her face growing hot from embarrassment. "I thought if I could find the castle, you'd let me stay." She knew it sounded foolish. "Hmm," Albus mused over her words. "That's very ambitious of you, dear. And very dangerous." "It was worth it, sir," she said as she finally took the chance to look at her surroundings. She was in a large room filled with beds, and she felt a thrill at the sight of a woman performing magic on another patient a few feet away. "We shall see," the wizard responded darkly. The elderly wizard had given her a moment alone as they awaited Lily's entrance. She'd gotten a strange look from a boy as he came through the room with his friends and headed for the bed at the end of the hall where she'd spied a woman performing magic. She watched them as they disappeared behind the curtains around the bed. Petunia saw a flash of another boy whose face was marred with scars, and a strange myriad of emotions washed through her. Petunia had never been a very emotional girl and had never felt such a range of emotions before — from excitement to fear, confusion to clarity. Something inside of her was stirring, something she'd never known to be within her. Had it been dormant all this time? If not, where was it coming from? Before she could come to a conclusion, her sister pushed through the doors. A flash of red hair and suddenly she was being suffocated by her sister's hug. Lily asked a hundred questions in one breath that Petunia largely ignored. "I'm fine, Lils," she said, wincing from the weight of her sister's body. Lily straightened and rounded on the adults. "What's happened to her? How is she here?" "Lily," Dumbledore stepped forward, "Your sister was attempting to visit Hogwarts." His gaze snapped to Petunia, and she knew he would've preferred a stronger word — infiltrate, maybe. "As you know, last night was the first full moon of the term," he continued, and Petunia found herself wondering why that was something to note. "Your sister encountered a werewolf on her travels." Both girls gasped. Petunia because she couldn't believe she'd encountered a mythical beast, something she didn't truly know to be real. Lily because there was a sliver of hope this story didn't end badly. The red head gripped her sister's hand tightly. "Unlike most muggles before her, Petunia has survived the initial bite, but I believe she will transform next month. If she survives that, we will have to find more permanent accommodations for her." " Transform ?" " If? " "Petunia, you have been bitten by a werewolf during the full moon," Dumbledore said carefully. "I regret to inform you that you are now a werewolf. This process is not well documented because muggles often die from the initial bite. We don't know how the transformation will affect you or if you'll have