A/N: This chapter has been edited as of 04/12/14. I have added a little bit more detail about the thoughts that Katniss is having in regards to this situation and background on the family members. If you would like an explanation of the family tree I can provide that. Thanks for reading! Where the ashes lay I've had a whole night's rest and my body still aches. I can appreciate that my body is falling apart though. I never thought I would live long enough to say I'm nearly ninety. One month from today I will be eighty-eight years old. It is a blessed thought to have nearly tripled the lifespan I would have likely had in the olden days of my childhood district. My body is surely weathered by time and hardship, but Peeta still adores it and I adore his too. We are both nearing the end and Peeta's mind slips away from him more these days. He's content to be alive though. I'm happy too, blissfully so. I open my eyes to peer at the rays of light seeping through the window. Its open just a crack and the air in the room feels brisk with the fresh April day. I rise up and reach for my robe, folded on the nightstand where I left it before bed. Peeta is quiet behind me, still quite sound asleep. He needs a good rest . I feel my knees pop as I stand up and wrap the robe tightly around my frail body. I find my slippers kicked precariously next to the bed and slip them on to go put a hot water kettle on the stove. This seems like a morning for some mint tea , I smile as I smell the fresh dewey air wafting in from our open window. I close the door as quietly as I can, then I run my wrinkled hand on the smooth railing as I walk slowly down the stairs, humming to myself. The tea is on a lower shelf than it used to be. I started to have trouble reaching it and finally came to terms with the fact that I needed a bit of cupboard re-organization. Bodies do strange things as they age. Peeta never liked the idea of me standing on a chair to reach anything, a completely ridiculous idea in my opinion. After the kettle whistles impatiently I pour my cup and sit at the table looking out at the misty fog that covers our lawn. It's a beautiful morning , I think. I drink my tea remembering the walk I had with Peeta yesterday morning. When the warm soothing liquid has been finished I set my cup aside. I'll have more when Peeta and I have breakfast. I busy myself making toast and eggs, nipping a bite here and there before I prepare a tray to bring up to Peeta. The bread is a hearty wheat loaf that Peeta made yesterday. I hum lowly as I climb the stairs. The cups and plates clink together as I walk. I push our bedroom door open with my shoulder. Peeta is still huddled under the blankets. His wide shoulders are just visible above the old quilt. Gingerly, I place the tray on our dresser and make my way to his sleeping figure. I bend to kiss his smiling lips, ready to whisper my good morning and find that Peeta's lips are cold and stiff. He doesn't stir as I press a palm into his shoulder and shake him. He doesn't open his eyes as I press my ear to his heart. I'm met with only silence from within and the scratching sounds of his sleep-shirt against my ear. My hands shake as I press them to his face. His eyes are closed, a smile still settled on his lips. I feel numb, confused, and unsure of myself. I realize I've been staring at him for several moments when my heart suddenly lurches in my chest. I slide to my knees beside the bed, gripping for his rigid cold hand. I kiss it softly before I press my face into the blankets. He's gone , I realize. He's really gone. Just like that. Peacefully, in his sleep, I wonder at the fortune of such a quiet death. He deserved it . I begin to cry, because he left me and deep down inside I wish I had gone with him. "Damn it, Peeta. Damn you for leaving me without a goodbye. When I see you again, I'm going to smack you before I kiss you," I grit out. I cry harder when I realize he is never coming back. I cry over the beauty of his ordinary death. He didn't die in war, in the arena, or because of his own madness. He just simply slipped into sleep, smiling . It is everything he ever wanted in a death. Nothing fancy, nothing painful, lying beside me. Hours later I rise, slide into some clothes, press a kiss to his cold cheek and silently close the door. I walk mindlessly to my daughter's home. She and her husband Marcus built the majestic log structure on my family's old land in the Seam. My vision keeps blurring as I walk along the roadway. A car passes, honking. The driver waves at me. I see the smiling face, but my mind can't register who it is. Not now. Avery and Marcus have flowers popping up by their porch. I stare at them as I knock on the large wooden door. It' April, these rains should be bringing May flowers. They're early bloomers. My grand-daughter Dani answers the door with a wide swoop, immediately kissing my cheek as she bids me "Good morning Gran!" I close my eyes and nod my hello. I wish she weren't home. Isn't it a school day? Maybe it's Saturday? I've lost sense of the day already. Yesterday was such a relaxing day. Peeta and I took a walk along the tree-line and visited Delly in town, her husband Thom passed only a 5 months ago. "What are you doing here so early?" Dani asks as she follows me into the house, closing the door with a snap. She was eating breakfast in the little nook in the kitchen. Toast and jam it looks like. I watch her sit back down and take a bite as she reads a book. She is young and full of life. She is so young and yet so unrestricted. She is safe. "I need to see your mama," it's all I can manage around the lump in my throat. "Well here I am," Avery turns into the kitchen behind me, folding her hair up in a braid. "Morning Ma, how are you?" She asks happily. Her dog trails her on lazy legs. Peeta bought her that old mutt before Dani was born, he must be going on 15 years now. He follows her down to her butcher shop every morning and waits patiently for a few scrap bones to chew. He's a scraggly thing that never took to kindly to me. I look up at my daughter's pleasant face, her hair salt and pepper with age. Instantly I can see her recognize that something is off. She quickly ties back her hair and steps forward to rest her palms on my shoulders. "What is it?" She asks earnestly. I close my eyes for a brief moment and swallow the bile in my throat. "Your father. I need you to come home with me. He…" I feel the tears seeping down my face as I lose track of my sentence. Avery's beautiful blue eyes fill with tears; it's almost as though she knows exactly what I'm going tell her. She's been waiting for a day like this hasn't she? "He what Mama?" She asks hoarsely. I hear Dani's chair scrape the floor as she stands up, but I can't look away from my daughter's eyes. Peeta's eyes, stunning corn-flower blue. "He went into the stars to be with all those who left him behind," I whisper as my daughter slides her hands down my arms and grips my shaking palms. Peeta used to tell her bedtime stories where the man in the moon watched over her while she slept and the stars were all the loved ones who are waiting for us to join them. When she was older she learned who they all were, about the Games, the War, the bombing, and our families. The tears have spilled down her cheeks. Dani's thin arms have wrapped around us both. We all shake as waves of overwhelming sorrow begin to take their hold. I can hear Dani sniffling as she presses her soft cheek close to mine. She's a lovely girl; she always said she wanted to someday be a painter like her grandfather. Peeta had loved teaching her to blend colors. He had doted on her like all the grandchildren before her. "He went away and he didn't say good-bye, but he's happy I just know it," I choke out finally. I feel my daughter nod. "He's up there greeting them all with hugs and kisses. He'll be telling stories about us for weeks," Avery laughs through her tears. She presses a kiss to my forehead and then to her youngest daughter's. Somehow I survive hours of alerting my family, going back for Peeta's body, and preparing for his funeral. There are so many people to call. So many friends and relatives, have you numbered the people you've left behind Peeta like you've numbered those stars above? I begin to forget what I'm doing and who needs me next. Avery forces food into me around mid-day, just before the press arrives. Everything reminds me of the bland tesserae bread I ate as a girl and I know that has nothing to do with my daughter's cooking. Immediately there is a swarm of advisers and government officials at my home. Aiding me, preparing me, and making me feel as though I am readying for a third round of the Games. It's all too fast and nothing seems like the Peeta we had all known. They want to honor him in a grand show. Thousands of people will flock to see his burial. The idea makes me cringe. I leave the room and hide away in the upstairs closet, feigning that I need to use the rest room. The coats skim just above my head and I shove most of the shoes to one side of the small space. After a few hours I find myself crying and laughing at once. This feels like when I was waiting for Peeta in District 13, losing myself in dark spaces where no one would come looking. I drift into a strange semi-consciousness, leaning against the wall. Asa's youngest daughter, Lorie, opens the door to my dark hiding place sometime before dinner, "I found her!" She shouts over her shoulder. I blink my eyes blearily at the bright light of the hallway. Lorie kneels beside me in the closet and holds my hands for a moment. For a girl in her last year of high school she has always been wiser than most, the kind of wise that a girl her age would have been back in the old times. Maybe there are things about her that came from me in that way. She gives my hands two squeezes, "I found you," she says softly. "Gran, you were starting to scare everyone. We weren't sure where you ran off to," She bites her lip as she reaches up to stroke my cheek. Her hands are clammy. I feel guilt well up in my chest over worrying them all. "I'm sorry to scare you dear," I tell her honestly. She shakes her head, "No, it's alright. I knew you needed some time. Dad was a little upset though. He thought you had wandered out into the woods alone."