A/N: The idea for this came after reading a fantastic story called "Five Loaves of Bread: Dark Toast" by Aimmyarrowshigh. If you can find that story on here, you must read it, because it is really great. I give full credit to Aimmyarrowshigh for the idea of contracted marriages. Enjoy and happy reading! The breeze shakes the wheat in tumultuous waves, giving the low slope of the hill a rolling appearance. I gaze toward my home, perched on the hill beside my grandparent's farmhouse. My existence is the whole of those two small houses and a barn nestled between the fields of wheat. I am blessed to have grown with my paternal grandparents in my district, only one child per family unit is chosen to remain in a district. My father was the chosen child from his family, so I was able to grow up where he was raised. I sigh as I watch the golden wheat billowing around me. My youngest sibling, Tomik is always terribly ill, so my sisters and I made the decision to let my parents choose him as the one child who will remain in our district to complete his contract. My marriage contract will be made one month from now and that is why I have been spending so much time memorizing the view of my home, my surroundings, the faces of my family and friends. Once you have been contracted to another district you will never physically see your family again. I've heard of people though, who have been sent to the same district as an older sibling or another relative. I can only hope that maybe Brenna or Bronwyn would end up being near to me. The chances are not in my favor though, because there are eleven other districts in which my two sisters may be assigned. The primary industry of my district is grain. I am accustomed to miles and miles of golden fields with sparse trees, gentle sloping plains, and deep warm breezes. My father, Landon, hails from this region, a sun-kissed man of the fields. The sandy tone of his hair matches the pure gold of the wheat just before harvest. He and my sisters have polished bronze-like skin that tans more in the summer months. Father's skin shines with sweat on working days and makes my mother smile in a heavenly way. He has a loud raucous personality and a pure loving heart. He only knows how to love big and with every inch of his soul. My mother always murmurs to me that she feels blessed, grateful even that she was contracted to such a man. My mother, Faun, is a native of District 7 with its immense forests and large mountains. She always jokes that she couldn't have been sent to a more different place than the one she came from. Her stories and folk legends about her birthplace always filled me with delight as a child and still do when I hear her whispering them conspiratorially to Tomik as she tucks him into bed. My mother has milky cream colored skin and deep crimson hair, a long slender body and thin nimble fingers. Both Tomik and I look almost exactly like her, but for the eyes. Mother's eyes are a dark emerald green that never replicated itself in any of her children. Though father's deep browns are identical in my twin sisters. Tomik and I share our own shade of light green that father says is like the color of young wheat sprouts, bursting to life in the spring. Brenna and Bronwyn are like fair maidens of the field, with bronze skin and strawberry blond hair. If in the sun their hair alights a flaming yellow red, but if in the shade of the house it shines a fairer yellow. When I think of my family now, all I can think about are the genetic markers that made us look the way we do. My life depends on it now. To Panem strong healthy genes are more important than practical skills. Ever since the Dark Days, when a virus nearly killed the entire population, good genetics have become the most important thing about you. They called that virus the Black Death. In school we learn about how it swept the entire nation. The Black Death was an invisible murderer. It didn't differentiate between gender, skin color, or age. Everyone was susceptible to its silent and deadly grip. It took nearly ten years for the virus, a type of influenza to be banished from the nation of Panem. In order to revamp their floundering country, wrought with destruction and political unrest, the remaining leaders created a set of new laws that bind their citizens to bettering the entire nation. When each citizen reaches adulthood they are contracted in marriage to an individual who will genetically benefit the growth of the country. Every paired couple must have at least four children. In the event that a family has more than four children, the Capitol will provide them with a larger more accommodating home as well as the privilege of keeping two of their children in their home district. Otherwise, each family must decide amongst themselves when their children come of age which child will stay to keep genetic lines in the district and which children will be sent off to help populate other districts. In the event that a family does not meet quota, they may be punished or ridiculed by the Capitol. Punishment entails serving the Capitol in their areas of need. If a spouse dies, a new spouse may be assigned and the remaining family unit relocated, if their quota has not already been met. I have only met one woman who lost her husband and was reassigned a second man who had lost his wife. Between them they had three children from their previous contracts and were therefore told that they must provide a fourth child. Sometimes, there are rumors about worse situations though. There was a young man named Geoffrey who was unable to bare children. This fact was discovered during his genetic testing when he was seventeen. Rumor states that Geoffrey was forced to move to the Capitol and no one has heard of him since. He never even finished the proper schooling. The typical schooling of a child in Panem involves learning the various subjects such as mathematics, history, and science until the age of thirteen where you begin preparations for your contract. From the ages of thirteen to seventeen each child learns the various trades of Panem; however, here in District 9 fourteen to eighteen year olds are forced to work in the fields as free labor three days a week for the good of the nation. Labor assignments usually last the beginning of the school day; afterward each of us is then expected to return to our studies in the trades of Panem and to continue learning our school subjects. At the age of seventeen children are expected to begin taking a series of tests. Physical and mental health are assessed on a regular basis. Genetic testing using epithelial cells, eggs, sperm and blood are compiled in a database to use for cross examination. Skills tests are performed in which each person exhibits their abilities in the various industries of each district. Self-evaluations and formal assessments on personality and other characteristics are taken during written examinations. I have taken the skills test on industries four times, yet a clear result has never been obtained. During my most recent skills test I managed to set the oven on fire in the testing lab, knock over a container of sewing supplies, and drop a bag of flour which burst everywhere in a white cloud. Previous attempts to showcase my best skills only ended in my immense nervousness ruining everything. My professors assure me that no one has ever taken the skills test more than five times. I sincerely hope that my last attempt at passing the skills test will be this week. My final genetic testing was completed four weeks ago and I can expect the results of those assessments any day now. Since the completion of those tests my mind has been constantly cataloguing and memorizing the features of my family: the shape of their eyes, the tones of their skin, the color of their hair, and the curves of their smiles. Nearly every night I dream about the type of man that I will be bound to and what our children will look like. In school we take a health course that prepares us in the matters of creating and caring for a family of our own. Both boys and girls learn the inner workings of each others bodies and why it is important that we populate our country. That course in particular caused more blushing and awkwardness than I thought possible. I learned a great deal about nursing and care giving though and I am grateful for that. My mother believes that when my skills results eventually come through I will be assigned to be a healer. My sisters and friends at school agree that my quiet disposition and quick mind will be great attributes for a healer. I still cling to the notion that I will probably be assigned a job working in the fields of District 11, farming. I would have thought it as the lot of my life here in District 9, had I not given up the right to make roots here by letting my parents choose Tomik to stay. When Tomik was born my mother was overjoyed to have met quota and finally had a son. As the years passed though, it became evident that he was frail and often ill. Tomik is a gentle child who looks and acts so similarly to me that people think we should have been born twins, rather than my sisters. Tomik sooths my nerves when I am distraught by simply being the kind and hopeful child that he is. He's only ten; he loves stories and is imaginative beyond belief. Where Tomik and I are alike in every way, Brenna and Bronwyn couldn't be more different from each other. Though their appearance is identical, their personalities are in deep contrast. Brenna has a loud boisterous personality and a quick steady anger that is sharp like the blade of a sword. She cares for girly things like ribbon and flowers in her hair and kissing boys behind the barn. Bronwyn is a rowdy prankster who enjoys doing devilish things and making jokes at every turn. She is never angry, but rather carefree instead. The twins are fifteen and work in the fields on the same day that I do. Bronwyn always enjoys driving the tractor and keeping pace with the local boys who hoot and holler at her antics. She's a tomboy through and through and so much like my father. Like the son that Tomik can never be. I can't imagine life without my siblings and dread each day that draws me nearer to leaving them. "Hey space case, quit your daydreaming and come home for supper." Bronwyn's voice carries like a banshee on the wind. I smile gently and shake myself from my thoughts. I rise, dusting myself off. A giggle escapes my lips as she runs quickly back toward the house. My approach is much slower as I stop at the water pump to cup a handful and splash it on my face. When I reach the porch Nana and Papa Southerland are walking from their farmhouse. I greet them with a wave and flash them a smile. Again, I feel the blessing of having them in my life. I always wonder how difficult it is for them to have let three children go off to other districts. "Papa, let me help you up the steps," I say and grasp my grandfather's arm to support him as he climbs. He shoots me a