Title: Retrograde Characters: Madge, Gale, Hazelle, Rory, Katniss, Peeta, Prim, Vick, Thom, Bristel, Madge/Gale's children The mind is a truly feeble thing, but we never consider that until something terrible happens and it stops functioning the way it ought to. In an instant the delicate neurons can be irreparably damaged and life as you know it ceases to exist. The brain, a small organ the size of a head of cauliflower controls everything within your body: temperature, blood pressure, heart rate, physical movement. Most importantly it controls the way in which you store and interact with information about the world around you. It's the way you think, dream, reason and experience emotions. Your brain is all that you were, are, and will be. Gale Hawthorne never put much thought into how his brain works, why it does the things it does. He never thought that his own brain could turn against him, that he could lose parts of it and never retrieve them. He never considered that he may one day lose who he is. An accident is a funny thing, you never see it coming, but after it happens you are certain you knew it would occur. It's some sort of doomed providence that you can't really escape. Accidents are fate. Gale is no stranger to accidents. He lives in District 12. Mining mishaps are a part of life. It's how he lost his father and how his father lost his Uncle and so on and so forth for generations back. Nearly every person he knows is affected by it in some way, shape, or form. He expects it, he dreams about it, he lives it. Then one day when the sun is particularly bright in the sky and he is trapped below the dark, cool, damp earth it is his turn to become a statistic. Destiny has dealt his hand and the cards align in such a way that there is really no chance of avoiding it. As the walls begin to crumble around him and the wooden beams buckle over-head he finds a laugh bursting forth from his chest. Of course this would happen to him today. How could he ever have doubted that it would? Something isn't right. I jolt awake, my heart beating a rhythm that matches the pounding in my head. The world is too bright, the bed too soft. Everything is sharp, blistering behind my eyes and drilling into the back of my skull. My tongue is dry, heavy and immobile. I can't recall drinking white liquor with Thom last night, but it must have happened. Only one thing could make me desire a black-out drunken night – Katniss was reaped. "Mr. Hawthorne?" There is a knot in my stomach. Did I pass out in the middle of town? No, I'm on a bed of some sort. The man saying my name shakes my shoulder lightly. A quiet female voice interjects, "Gale – Can you hear me?" I blink rapidly. The bright lights are buzzing white. They sting my ears. A low groan develops in my throat, a protest to the colors and noise. The hand I try to cover my eyes with hits my chest instead. My arm feels strange, but I can't find the word in my head to describe it. "Everdeen, have you administered the GCS? We need to know his level of consciousness. This could be a severe head injury." Everdeen? I recognize that name, but the person speaking doesn't sound like anyone I know. Is he talking to Katniss' mother? "I'm attempting to perform the scale right now Dr. Fields," the quiet voice is back again and this time a set of soft gentle hands touch my shoulder. My vision is beginning to focus on a pale distinctly female face ringed with yellowy hair. The edges are jittery and odd, but the young woman slowly begins to appear. I form the only word that comes to mind, "Prim." The woman's mouth bends into a hesitant smile. She nods and presses a cool hand to my forehead. The contact spreads an icy chill over my heated skin. The shiver that follows sends pin pricks of pain everywhere. I groan, wincing against the throbbing. "Can you tell me your name?" I know this word immediately, "Gale." "Yes, that's right, but what is your full name?" She asks. I frown at her and my cheeks ache. This woman is little Prim, but so much older. How can she be both Prim and a woman? What did she ask me to do again? "What?" I croak. "Your full name," she fights at what I can see is a frown hiding behind her gentle smile, "What is your full name?" Wait…I do know this answer. My throat is sore, each word a cough as it barks out, "Gale Odin Hawthorne." She smiles and nods, marking on something in her arms with a pen. The word escapes me for a moment until it suddenly appears, a clipboard , she's writing on a clipboard. "Do you know what day it is, Gale?" Her blue eyes look so similar to Prim's. I saw Prim yesterday. It was her first reaping. She was reaped. My heart begins to race, my chest constricting suddenly. She must see the panic rising in me because her gentle hand touches my shoulders. "It's alright Gale, you're safe. Today is –" "It's Monday. It's June 8th," I interrupt her. She looks toward someone across the room and I realize that things are less bright and fuzzy. We're in some sort of hospital. Panic squeezes me again. Why am I in a hospital? "Where am I?" I see Dr. Fields across the room. Doesn't he work in town? I'm in town, I must be. The yellowy young woman looks around her briefly. Her paper white hands grip at the clipboard. "This is the hospital ward at the mine. There's been an accident." An accident at the mine? The mines were closed yesterday because of the reaping. Prim was reaped and Katniss volunteered in her place. My mind races between thoughts . Where am I? I'm in the hospital ward at the mine. I'm in the hospital ward at the mine and there has been an accident. I've been in an accident. There was an accident. Where's Katniss? Katniss was reaped. "The reaping," I choke. I try to sit up, but my whole body shakes with weakness. I need to find Katniss and Prim. I need to find Rory. It was his first reaping. Is Rory all right? Did I dream the reaping? Did I drink myself senseless and do something stupid at the mine? So many questions, each one just barely grasping me before it runs off, wild and frantic. The yellowy woman is pushing me back onto the bed and shushing me softly like a mother would to a small child. "What year is it Gale? You said it's June 8th. What year?" I stare at her and something in the back of my mind screams that I know her. And I do. I've looked at her fondly so many times, like a sister of my own. "Prim?" I should be embarrassed of the whimper in my voice, but I'm terrified suddenly. Something isn't right here. "It's alright. I'm here Gale. You're safe. You hurt your head and you're just a little confused. I'm here to help you," she assures me. She goes to a metallic table along the wall and brings something back to me, "Here, take as sip of water." She hands me a short clear glass. It's nicer than any glass in my house. There are no chips in the rim. I lean up to take it from her, tipping the glass to my mouth. I let the liquid brush against my dry lips and slip past them. It tastes coppery, but I swallow it with relief. I suddenly realize how parched I am. It feels like I haven't had a drink in days. "Do you know where you are?" She asks kindly. "In the hospital ward at the mine. You just told me," I tell her incredulously. She nods. "And the year?" She asks just as sweetly, ignoring my sudden snappy temper. "Twenty-one Fifteen." She makes a few marks and glances toward a closed curtain where I hear the doctor talking with another patient. Her lips keep moving as I watch the curtain billow back and forth. The doctor's feet are visible, walking first left, then right. Who's back there? Where are Thom and Bristel? "Gale?" The woman asks, bringing me back to her. I realize she must have been talking. There's been an accident. I'm in the hospital. "You said something about the reaping. Do you remember the last thing that happened to you?" Everything feels like a big blank space when I try to recall what happened before I somehow came here. I can sense a strange coal-ridden smell, something dank and musty like damp earth. I remember talking to Thom and Bristel, but I can't remember what we were saying…and the reaping. Katniss. "The reaping. My best friend was…was…no, she volunteered. For her sister." There is a sharp pain behind my eyes. I cringe and shake my head. The dank smell is overpowering me. There was an accident, my head. I try to sit up again, pulling at a strange tube in my arm. When did that get there? "I need to go home, my family needs me." "Your family has been informed. Everyone will be alright. You aren't going anywhere yet. You've been injured and you need treatment." She attaches her clipboard to the end of the bed and quickly pushes me back under the starched covers. "That's it, back in you go. Put your head down, you need to rest a little," she soothes. She's so beautiful. I know her, Prim . "I don't want to go to sleep," I protest, pushing at her gentle hands. She sighs, "You don't have to sleep; I just want you to take it easy. Let me talk to the doctor for a minute. I'll be right back." My mother is going to kill me. Whatever happened, I've fucked up big time. Will the peacekeepers arrest me? My muscles ache. They feel different. I stare at my forearm where the tube is slowly leaking some sort of clear liquid into me. My arms seem larger than I remember. My face itches and this time my hand hits me in the chin when I attempt to move it. I scratch at the spot and instantly the hairs on my arms stand high. Something isn't right! There's enough stubble and facial hair on my chin for a week or more… but I shaved before the reaping . It could have been me that was reaped; I needed to look my best. Who is the male tribute…Peeta, the youngest Mellark boy…yes, that's what happened, I'm sure of it. Peeta was reaped. "Mr. Hawthorne…Mr. Hawthorne…" Look up, someone's talking to you. Dr. Fields' mouth is moving, but my ears don't work at first. The ringing is back. I didn't notice it. He repeats himself and this time it sticks. "Ms. Everdeen says that you seem to be a little confused. I'd like to talk to you about it. Is that okay?" I nod. The hairs are still standing on edge on my arms. I feel cold, but my head feels so warm. "The last thing you described is the reaping in 2115. Do you remember how you got into the mine?" I shake my head. "I smell something damp mixed with coal – when I think about what I remember. It's…dark." Dr. Fields nods, pushing his glasses up on his nose with one stubby finger. "I remember talking with my friends, but I can't remember what they were saying…or their faces. Just that it happened." Dr. Fields nods again and looks down at the clipboard in the nurses hand. He takes