A/N: This story was written as a gift for LastLeaf in the Hunger Games Spring Fling Fic Exchange. Thank you to my beta FnurFnur, Ellenka, and MaryContrary82 for helping me through this story. Death. It's a terrible concept. A black hole that you don't come out of. I've always had trouble believing that there is eternal life. How can there be? When your brain shuts off and your heart ceases beating, there must be nothing left. All I can imagine is an empty black space where people are stuck between two worlds; the one they came from and the one that isn't real, the false realm that we wished into existence but can never be part of. I suppose I've always wished that our world was some sick twisted matrix shit. That I would die and wake up plugged into a machine, gasping my first breaths of toxic air. The closer I come to death, though, the more infinitely blank I feel. I'm adrift in this clouded blackness. It's abysmal and hopeless. I can't remember the first time I realized what death was. As a small child I killed wayward spiders in my room, smothered ants in the sandbox, and watched as my father shot waterfowl for a midsummer meal. I can't pinpoint the exact memory where the word death began to mean something. My life's been filled with a lot of memories surrounding it. Too many memories. When I was eleven my prize horse, Mississippi Lady, broke both her back legs as I attempted a jump in the arena. Her bones were splintered out, mangled in grotesque flesh. That was the first time something or someone meaningful died in my presence. The actual accident was such a rushed blur. I must have blacked out at some point, but I vividly remember her crushing weight on my legs. I couldn't breathe. My chest was tight with stuck air. I remember my vision being foggy and feeling the immense heaving of Miss Lady's chest, then the strangled sounds of a horse in pain. We were one mass of pain, horse and rider. That's the thing about death. Sometimes there's a lot of pain and sometimes it's too quick. Fitting, really, because life is that way too. There are varying degrees, varying levels of discomfort in the process. For instance, when my father burned alive in his Jeep Grand Cherokee; that was a particularly brutal nasty pain. Or at least I imagine so. That's one death I wasn't around for. When my mother died of leukemia three years later. That was pain too. That was agony we could all feel, slow and noxious. I felt it every day, and what I could not feel I read plainly in her sunken stares. Today, my impending death just makes me feel empty. Yesterday, it made me wild with anger. Tomorrow? Who the fuck knows… "Everdeen! Get the fuck up!" If he yells at me any louder I might just split down the middle from the sheer force of it. When he's on duty, Cray is the holiest of dirtbags. Prim would flinch at my language, but you know what, she's not here to judge me anymore. Maybe if she had listened to me like she should have, she would still be here. "You listening to me, Everdeen?" Yeah I hear you, dickwad. Johanna's already rolled herself off the bottom bunk and brought herself to a standing position at the end. When I finally look down from my perch I can just make out the shine of the fluorescent overhead light on her bald head. They had to shave her hair completely after she'd been here a few months. I think I'd only been around a few weeks when it happened. She was ripping it up by the roots during her rage fits. They were sick of taking her to the med-ward, so that was the solution. Without her long dark mane of hair, at least she smells a little less. Johanna's husband used to handcuff her to the curtain rod and leave her in scalding hot water that would eventually turn glacial cold. She's got the burn marks and flaky dry skin to prove it. Since she's been here she has refused to shower. They force her to do a light scrub down weekly, at least. I don't blame her for being afraid of a little water. I also don't blame her for stabbing him to death. It was justified, he'd physically and mentally abused her for over a decade. Fuck him and fuck society. At her sentencing, they said she was mentally stable and had a history of violence. She couldn't afford a better than C-grade lawyer like mine. Since her husband was famous, well to do, and they didn't believe her tragedy, she was tried as a cold-blooded killer. I wish she'd had the chance at something better than this. "I haven't got all day, Everdeen, get your ass down here for roll call," Cray has that damned toothpick jammed between his teeth again. I hope you choke on it, you bastard . I grip the metal bars of the bedframe as I swing myself down to the ground. I stand two feet away from Johanna, facing our door with my hands outstretched in our typical "I don't have any weapons so move on to the next cell" fashion. Johanna's been here two months longer than me. So she's that much wiser about this damn place. She's also seen a lot of freakishly bloodthirsty women come through here. She knows what a killer looks like, who they are, what makes them tick. She is brazen and bossy, a real spitfire who thinks I'm brainless most of the time. Johanna is also the only person who thinks I'm innocent, besides Peeta Mellark. My little sister Primrose is the only person who trusts every word that comes out of my mouth. "Katniss, do you think Papa felt a lot of pain when he died?" Prim's woven her thin fingers into the thickness of my hair. Her small body fits flush into the curve of my side. I'm too warm, but we both need this small comfort. The touch and presence of another person is worth more than the condolences and food platters we've been getting. I can feel her breath on my neck. It wafts up to my nose and I smell the latest sympathy dish, lasagna. "No, little duck, it was quick and painless." Nearly every word I've said to her has been a lie from the moment we heard about the crash. She'll forgive me someday when she understands. I untangle my arm from the blankets and press it around her shoulders, pulling her closer. "No more questions, you need sleep. It's a big day tomorrow," I sigh as she nestles her face into the crook of my shoulder. I forgot to close the shades before we got in bed earlier. The orange glow of the street light has settled angry lines over the walls. We're surrounded by a pattern of golden bars. I can't sleep unless its pitch black, but I've lost the energy to get up and shut out the world. I close my eyes anyway and try to ignore the images of my father's mangled truck. This morning I went to pick up the little of his belongings that had been scavenged from the wreck. A burnt case of cassette tapes and some of his construction equipment, that's what was left. Some junk he'd shoved under the seats. It had made me angry all over again. I didn't realize how much I needed something more tangible than that, until I was holding the burnt case in my shaking palms. I sat there staring at it for nearly thirty minutes, just sitting there in the driver's seat of mom's beat up Jetta. "Katniss…" Prim's voice crackles as I feel a fresh round of tears seeping from her eyes and dripping down my skin. Her body shakes the mattress as she cries silently. I squeeze her so hard she sucks in a shaky breath. She's so fragile and I forget it too often. My voice breaks as I crane my neck to kiss her forehead, "Little duck, everything will be okay. I love you so much. I'll protect you, nothing will ever happen to you." Prim begins sobbing as I murmur comforts and begin to sing her one of Papa's old love songs. This is my life now. Reassurances and lies. Flickerman pulls me out into the hallway. He's too cheerful as always, greeting me with that million watt smile. I stand spread eagle with my palms pressed against the wall. He begins to pat me down, while Cray goes in to inspect the room. I always hate the pat downs. It's so invasive. At least Flickerman's on it this time, Cray is the one you have to watch out for. He cops a feel whenever he gets the chance. It's regulation to pat down an inmate with another person present as a witness, but these two nitwits never follow that rule. Johanna yawns next to me, rolling her eyes as I am declared clean. She knows it's not like me to carry anything. "You've got a visitor, Everdeen," Cray informs me with a sneer after he has checked the mattresses and the latrine for any sharp objects. Johanna got caught with a shard of glass once and we were put in the detention cell for a month. We'll never make that mistake again. Cray's beady eyes peer at me intently as I stand back from the wall. He wiggles the damned toothpick between his teeth as he smiles, "Warden says you can take the visit. Apparently you've been on good behavior." I turn toward Jo who has that steely look in her eyes. She always does when someone comes for me. No one ever comes for her. Fuck friends and families , I think bitterly. I try not to grimace at her, but I know it comes off that way. "Tell baker boy that I say hey," she sighs as she re-enters the cell. She's trying not to be malicious. She knows how much this means to me, when he comes. We don't get these chances often, and when something goes wrong, the privilege is completely taken away. Flickerman closes the door on her without a second glance. Jo stares at me through the small glass square. I hate leaving her alone like this. It's hell in there alone . Cray cuffs my legs and hands to walk me to the visitation room. I've heard that women on death row at some of the other facilities are never allowed to have visitors. Thankfully, the New Hampshire State Prison for Women allows limited visitation for death row inmates. I'm okay with the limit. I only have one visitor anyway. The buzz of the hallway lockdown door startles me as it alerts the guards that they are clear for a pass through. I don't think I showered last week, it feels like forever since I've heard that wretched sound of the lockdown door opening. I shuffle through the next hallway and out onto the catwalk of C-Block. I hear a few catcalls from below. The rec area is open in the center of the blocks. Women are allowed congregation time for a few hours a day. They do more gossiping than recreational activities. There are fights pretty often too. I don't get rec time, because I'm a death row. We don't get "play time" with the girls as Cray likes to call it. Frankly, I don't give a damn anyway because I'm not much for social gathering. I think Johanna secretly yearns for it, though. Her husband kept her pretty tight under lock and key. She didn't get to enjoy much before everything happened. "Dead woman walking!" A broad shouldered blonde woman howls as she catches sight of me on the catwalk.