A/N: In honor of the spooky season, here is an old Halloween story that I wrote long ago for Everlark week round 2. The second chapter will be submitted in a week! Enjoy. On a bitter November day my father, Elijah Everdeen, and his close friend Boone Hawthorne went on a fishing trip to Middle Saranac Lake. My father and Boone often went on weekend fishing and hiking trips throughout the Adirondack Park. When we were very small my best friend Gale and I would tag-a-long with our dad's. We learned how to live in the wilderness with little more than the packs on our backs. We developed a passion for survival. Our fathers fostered that enthusiasm in us, feeding our adrenaline with higher peaks and steeper mountain trails. That November was the coldest on record in the last fifty years. I was giddy with the thought of pitching a camp by the lake on nearby Ampersand Mountain. The frigid temperatures of a mountain night always gave me a rush. After school on that Friday I remember rushing straight home to get my supplies ready. When dad came home from work I already had our packs neatly organized and ready by the door. He had smiled softly at me as he tried to explain that he wanted me to stay behind. I got angry real quick. For a moment I had thought that he was saying I was too frail to camp through the temperatures. When I got huffy he laughed lightly. "Little bird you are tough as nails, I have no doubts about that," he had said as he laced up his boots over thick wool socks. He explained that he and Boone needed some male bonding time before they would be cooped up all winter. Gale had scoffed at the notion when I called him up to compare complaints about it. He wagered that he was a male and deserved the bonding time too. "But you Catnip have a bigger dick than me anyway, remember Pocomoonshine? That was ballsy!" Gale barked a laugh at me through the receiver as he brought up my most adventurous escapade of the year. I had decided I was going to blaze my own trail. Somehow I had ended up dangling off a rock formation by one hand on the side of Pocomoonshine Mountain. Definitely not my best decision. Despite our itch to catch some good lake trout Gale and I stayed home as our dad's drove up to Ampersand for that freezing November weekend. Mom spent all of Sunday afternoon cleaning the house to stave off nervous energy when Dad didn't come home. On Monday morning we woke to find the driveway still empty. Hazelle Hawthorne rang the house at half-past six. That's when I knew that Gale and I had to go looking for them. I could feel in my heart that something terrible was wrong. Prim cried as I prepared my pack. Just as Gale's old Ford pick-up truck pulled onto the dirt drive-way the phone rang. As my mother listened to the person on the other end of the line my heart sank low in my belly. Her face was pallid. I still remember the loud crash as the phone hit the checkered linoleum floor. My father and his best friend were found hung by their necks in a large maple tree half-way up the mountain. The official police report stated that they had never intended to make camp. Instead, they had left their packs in father's truck, ventured up the mountain with two thick coils of rope and knotted nooses round their necks. Suicide wasn't a common thing in our village. So, when the Everdeen-Hawthorne suicide happened it had left a gaping hole in the community. Two prominent men at the cusp of their careers and lives, killing themselves for no apparent reason. The whole idea was unbelievable. A lot of people brought hot dishes to us after the funeral. Checked in on us from time to time and I hated it. I didn't want to owe them for their kindness. I didn't want to be told that people were sorry about my father. That people had no idea he needed help. He didn't need it, I would think, because he never would have killed himself. A few weeks after his death, my mother still hadn't returned to her job at the health clinic. She seemed to be in a state of constant depression and wouldn't get out of bed. Prim was petrified that we would never have her back to normal. As I heated up a plate of Greasy Sae's chicken and biscuits for Prim I heard the sound of an engine coming up the drive-way. I peeked through the blinds and found the baker's van pulling up. A blond curly head emerged from the driver's seat. I had always steered clear of Peeta Mellark, though he was cheerful and friendly. His large group of friends always made me uncomfortable. I watched him pull a basket from the back of the van and huddle it to his chest before he approached the house. I sighed and walked toward the front door when I heard his knock. Prim smiled and squealed when I let him in. Peeta has been Prim's math tutor for the past four years. She always raves about how smart he is and how nice he is to her and all her friends. "Peeta!" Prim exclaimed as she ran over to give him a quick hug. He laughed and squeezed her shoulders to his side, while he balanced the basket in his other arm. He looked up at me with his blue eyes glistening and offered me a warm smile. "Katniss, how are you?" He asked. I shrugged lightly, "Been better." He nodded and handed me the large basket. He had covered it in a striped cloth napkin. I could smell the contents before I lifted the cloth. When I peered inside I shook my head. "We can't take that much bread." I told him sternly. He smiled, "I insist Katniss. It will save you any trips to the bakery for a while." He knew that we couldn't afford to purchase this. It filled me with anger for some reason. This was too much of a gift. I forced the basket back into his hands. We struggled with it for a moment as he tried to give it back to me. He let out a short laugh. "Really Katniss, please take it." His grin was getting on my nerves and so were his long blond eyelashes. Why was he so damn distracting. With one final shove he forced the basket back into my hands, but as he did so his hand brushed against mine. I gasped loudly and dropped the basket when a large rush of electricity zapped through us. Prim immediately knelt to pick up the loaves of bread and buns. Peeta and I just stared at each other. He gripped his right hand tightly to his chest and his bewildered blue eyes glistened with questions. I closed my shocked mouth and nursed my own hand. Peeta shook himself and backed toward the door. "I've – uh gotta go. I'll see you – uh – see you around." He murmured as he ran from the house. Prim looked up at me with confusion. "Sorry little duck. I didn't mean to drop them." Together we packaged the loaves up and stored some in the freezer. That night I took Prim to Sae's diner for dinner. We overheard a few people talking about father's suicide. I shot them angry looks. It was only the first of many occasions that people started whispering about us. That's when the folk-lore started coming out of the woodwork. People started talking about that mountain and the things that had happened there in the past. There were always some local legends about witchcraft. Things such as failing crops or ill livestock could be blamed on the whim of a witch, but people didn't tend to talk like that much anymore. Some people even joked that Haymitch Abernathy, the town drunk, had been cursed by a witch. Gale and I used to laugh about it. Until we started noticing strange changes in each other. I have always had a connection to the wilderness. Gale is the same way. We thrive in the vast forests, as though we have some animal presence within us that seeks to live forever in the Adirondack's High Peaks. We are like one being, functioning best as a team when we hike together or canoe the lakes and streams. Now my connection feels different. To the forest and to Gale. Around me I feel the energy of the trees. The wind which has always felt cold now carries a harsh scent. There are no leaves to shield me from it, but the tree at my back radiates a tingling warmth. Gale is coming to meet me here. I can feel his presence hovering on the outer edges of my consciousness. When I skim my eyes to the right he is there, staring straight back at me from the other side of the clearing. We sit peering at each other in silence for several minutes. There is a pink tinge to the olive skin of his face, where the wind has bit him. Without dropping his gaze I grip the dry branches and swing myself onto the stiff earth beneath my perch. "You feel it too don't you," Gale's voice is soft, but I hear it over the slight breeze. I nod my head, uncertain what is happening to us. We meet up in the middle of the clearing, our boots crunching quietly on the dead leaves. Gale has tension lining his features, but his silver eyes carry a comfort that I need more than ever. "What's happening to us?" Gale whispers. A particularly large gust of air whips between our bodies, bringing the sour scent that seems to fuel something inside me. Gale's expression lets me know that he is having the same reaction of disgust to the wind. "I feel a connection with the trees. They radiate warmth." I don't have any other words to explain the way I feel, but Gale seems to understand what I am trying to say. He nods as he circles his gaze over my head to look at the forest. I swallow the lump in my throat and continue, "I feel you." When I say it Gale inhales slightly and closes his eyes for the briefest moment. "When did you first notice it?" He squints at me as he asks. I can see his hands balled up in the pockets of his jackets as if he is trying not to reach out for me. "A week after they were found. When we met up in the woods I felt drawn to where you were," I bite my lip and gesture between us, "Like there was some force that binds us together." Gale nods slowly. "Yeah, me too Catnip. I feel warmer when you are around, like I am running a fever." As if we both have the same idea at the same time, we reach our hands toward each other. I blush slightly and Gale releases a short laugh. "Let's try something," He says as he removes his gloves. I follow suit and tentatively we touch our hands together. I have the look and feel of Gale's calloused strong hands memorized. He can use them to tie the most intricate knots when we are climbing, or design beautifully simple snares when we hunt. I've held his hands when we help each other into tall trees or when we jump off the cliffs into lakes. Never have his hands felt like this. Where we are touching there is an intangible inner quality bubbling forth. Like a power source. I gasp as Gale squeezes my hands tighter and the energy seeps up my