A/N: I find myself enamored with thoughts about the life of a coal miner's family in District 12. Writing this story has really been a journey of discovery for me. Feeling the emotions and developing the struggles of a girl who must survive in an occupation that is mostly for men. I hope that you enjoy the story and how Gale began to weasel his way into it. Thank you for reading. December 31st I wake up this morning with unbendable limbs and crusty eyes. After wiping the crumbles away I look over at father's bed. He is still huddled beneath his blankets. I stare at his back and notice that he is trembling slightly. I open my mouth to ask him if he is alright, but become distracted by the wisps of white air that rise from my lips. Confused, I sit up and immediately feel the cold draft as my covers fall from my shoulders. I shiver and press my arms tightly around my body. Boy, is it freezing. "The fire," I mutter watching my breath billow out in front of me. My limbs protest as I rise from bed and slip my feet into slippers. With my blanket secured around my frigid shoulders I walk softly to the fireplace in the living room and peer down at the embers. With the iron poker in hand, I stir them lazily. The embers glow timidly. My eyes fall on the empty portion of floor beside the fireplace, out of wood, of course . Returning to the bedroom I quietly pull open the top drawer to the dresser and remove a worn wool sweater. I find my crumpled pants by the foot of the bed and retrieve them. Suddenly, father begins a heavy coughing fit in his sleep and I eye him warily. His body has gotten so used to coughing that he doesn't even wake up for it anymore. His large back shakes as the coughs wrack through him violently. I close my eyes and try to will away his pain. Father and I both know exactly what's wrong, but we don't acknowledge it. There's nothing that can be done. In the Seam everyone knows what a cough that lasts longer than three months indicates. If you've been directly exposed to coal dust for too long you can develop Black lung. Without Capitol medicines the people who work the coal mines run the risk. Every year miners die who have worked the coal mines since they were young, strong men and women. Father's been down there since he was eighteen. Every day he travels into the black abyss. The caverns below District 12 are deep and treacherous. A web of tunnels that gather souls and swallow them up whether they are alive or dead. The death trap that could collapse, explode, or poison you with carbon monoxide at any second…and if none of those things get to you first, there's always Black Lung to look forward to. Black Lung, the death sentence of a coal miner. It kills you slowly. In the early stages you don't even know you're sick. Then, the coughing starts. At first you believe you have a cold, but slowly you realize that it never goes away. It is a long and painful death. It's how my grandfather died and his father before him. So many ways to perish as a coal miner. So many reasons why the elderly population in the Seam is small and mostly female. I remove the blanket from my shoulders and grab a second one from my bed. As softly as possible, I drape them over father. He doesn't stir. Entering our small washroom I look at my haggard appearance in the mirror. We haven't been eating very good meals lately and it is starting to thin my face. My high cheek bones appear sharp under my sallow skin. Turning on the faucet I fill my cupped hands with the icy water and splash it across my face. I lift the bottom of my nightshirt to dry my damp features with it. Then my chapped hands pull the thick sweater over my head reluctantly. It's funny how the cold makes appendages difficult to use. My pants feel stiff as I shimmy into them with my thin long-john covered legs. Upon entering the kitchen I grab the tea kettle and fill it with water. I turn the gas on the stove and take a match from the book to light it. Gingerly I place the kettle over the burner. A burnt spot is visible where the kettle touched a hot pan once when I was five. I stare at it and think about my mother. When steam begins to flutter out the spout I hear it whistle. I throw a green mint leaf into my favorite mug and pour the hot water over it. My fingers eagerly wrap around the mug and seep up the warmth it provides. The smell of mint drifts into my nostrils, clearing out my nasal passages. I let it steep for a couple of minutes before removing the leaf. I sip the tea even though I know it will burn my tongue. Probably a good thing that it does anyway, because it will mask the taste of the hard bread I unwrap to go with it. My facial muscles ache as I chew it stiffly and gaze out the frosted window. People on the street are milling about, beginning their Sunday mornings. Across the street Mr. Pratchett is smoking a pipe on his front stoop. His white hair is hidden under a brown cap. I watch him spit into the lawn beside him and amble off into the street, waving at a passerby. He lives with his wife and their two grandchildren. Sometimes I watch the children when Mrs. Pratchett needs to run errands. From my perch at the window I can see the Hawthorne's home as well. Hazelle Hawthorne washes our laundry on Wednesdays if we can spare the money to pay her. Usually only father's clothes get the professional washing, because he needs it more than me. Hazelle can remove any trace of coal from a garment of clothing. I smile to myself while I think of their family, probably still nestled together in bed. Every house in the Seam includes one bedroom. Most families have two beds at least. I can imagine the three Hawthorne boys squished onto one mattress fighting each other over space. My lips curve into a gentle smile as I finish my tea and get back to the task at hand. I glance at the bedroom and hope that father is warm enough for the time being. I grab my hand-me-down boots from beside the front door. My feet reluctantly toe my slippers off. Gripping the edges, I slip my feet into the boots and grab my wool coat from the hook beside the door. It has black mittens in the pocket that glide scratchily onto my hands. I brace myself and open the door to the chill winter morning. As I step around the back corner of the house my chest fills with frustration. The wood pile has toppled forward bowing the once perfect stacks into a rounded arch. I sigh as I proceed to throw round logs to the side. I'll have to start the stacks fresh and line them more closely to the house to keep the wind at bay. The mittens on my hands are ridden with holes that allow the wind to bite angrily at my fingers. My cold hands feel chapped, but I try to ignore the aching sensations. Once the pile begins to show some semblance of balance I strategically begin placing the bigger logs. Each time that a hunk of wood is thrown onto the stack its resounding thunk echoes off the neighboring houses. During the night there was a light dusting of snow and it crunches beneath my boots. The coal dust hasn't settled into the whiteness yet. Soon the Seam will begin to look grey as the coal dust settles over the blankets of white. I brace my back against a large gust of wind and begin choosing which wood I want to bring into the house. My arms sink under the weight as I trudge back to the front porch. Unceremoniously I release my burden onto the steps and return to the newly stacked pile for more. The temperature is dropping further each day. I look sadly at our meager wood pile and wonder if we'll make it through next week. As the days get colder we are using more and more wood. I sigh heavily as I trudge back to the front porch and drop my load. Another sigh escapes my lips as I sit on the top step and use my hatchet to splinter some of the logs into smaller pieces for kindling to restart the fire. Normally father wouldn't let the flames die out in the night. He would rise from his bed while I slept and keep the fire placated. Even with it lit the winter nights were brutal here in the Seam and father would pile multiple blankets on both our beds and we'd tuck our long-johns into our thick socks. Lately father has been ill and sleeps fitfully through the night. Therefore, he's too sore and tired to keep the flames alive. And now here I am sitting on the steps preparing to restart the fire and keep father comfortable. I worry my bottom lip between my teeth and split a few more pieces off a big log. The smaller kindling will help me to nurture the fire to life. A big log might smother it before the flames can lick it. Across the way I notice Gale Hawthorne closing his front door. His hands grasp the collar of his jacket to shake it out and put it in place. My eyes follow him as he crosses his lawn in long strides and disappears behind the house. Collecting wood most likely. He's an interesting man. We're in the same year, but he hasn't spoken to me much since we were really young. I remember summers playing together in the meadow. That was before his father died in a mine accident and he became the man of the household. Growing up fast really changes a person. I admire him though, for the way he protects his kin. Maybe also for the way he lives, hunting in the woods and selling his game for money at the Hob. He's brave. A lot of the girls at school think he's the most handsome bachelor in the Seam. I won't deny that he does have striking features, or that he's a head taller than most men. Heck, I won't even deny that his muscles appeal to me, but he's still little Gale, my childhood friend. All those girls fawning over his every move, it must be strange. It makes me feel slightly sorry for him. I feel worse knowing that the only girl who he has eyes for is currently "dating" her fellow victor, Peeta Mellark. I finish splitting my kindling wood just as Gale rounds the corner with his arms full of a large load of it. His eyes have found me now and he nods a hello. "Good morning," I call with a small wave of my mitten hand. He smiles briefly before tapping the front door with the toe of his boot. His younger brother Rory opens the door for Gale to enter. I lower my hand and gaze at the wood in front of me. Back to work, I think as I rise from the step. I fill my left arm with a chord of wood and open the door with my right. The portion of floor beside our fireplace is usually where I stack the wood that will be used for the day. Two armfuls get us through a day most