A/N: Chapter 1 edited 05/17/14. I have added more detail to Gale's thoughts. Thanks for reading and reviewing. We enter the club to a roar of thunderous music and voices, intermingling in the thick heat of the massive room. My eyes immediately scan the area. The concept of dancing parlors such as this is still mostly foreign to me. No such things existed in my district when I was growing up and I had never dreamed that something of the nature could exist. There were more pressing things to think of. On the right wall of the room is a long bar that is glowing a faint blue. The baristas are all dressed in lingerie. That in itself is still difficult for my head to get around, having only been used to seeing such scantily clad women during the Games' tribute parades. When he sees me eyeing the bar warily Jackson informs me that everyone who works here is a woman, except for the bodyguards. "The owners probably make more money on beautiful female dancers than they would on men. I mean we're all just hairy ugly beasts aren't we?" He laughs, referring to a comment the secretary at Headquarters made when he tried to ask her out last week. We follow the boys over to the blue bar and Jackson claps a hand on my shoulder and declares he's buying the first round. Another thing I'm trying to get used to is the concept of allowing others to buy things for me. I clench my teeth and nod a thank you. Our group hovers by the bar for a few moments, collecting drinks. I wrap my hand around the cold beer that the bartender places in front of me and look toward the stage. The dancer moving across the lit platform has purple hair, tan skin, and breasts that are larger than physically possible for her size. She has definitely had some Capitol enhancements. Her body gyrates roughly as she grinds around a tall silver pole, one of three on the large glittering stage. A woman's throaty voice rasps over the loudspeakers as the purple haired exotic dancer exits the stage, blowing kisses to the cheering mass of men and women in front of her. "Ladies and Gentlemen, the hour is upon us." Several of the people in the crowd hoot and holler. One man blows a loud hearty whistle. Apparently, they really appreciate the next act. Maybe even came just to see it. I wonder what about the next girl could get them so riled up. "And now it's time for the main event. The beauty of your dreams, the devilishly delightful, the delectably heavenly Sweet Sour! Sour by the minute but she's sweeter by the hour!" The immense swell of guitar and drum beats fills my ears, drowning the rowdy voices of the excited mass of people. I feel as though my brains are being rattled in my skull with each heavy beat. The curtains open in a roll of black fabric and reveal the thin slender back of a woman swaying hypnotically to the music. Her skin is a pale cream that disappears beneath her thin lacy undergarments. Her long golden curls fall to her waist and sway with her hips. She maneuvers the stage on impossibly high heels. I feel my mouth gape open as she takes a running jump onto the pole and swivels around it majestically. Her movements are slow and mesmerizing, other worldly. Her arms and shoulders must be impossibly strong to hold her up so effortlessly. The mechanics of it distract me as she moves. Jackson urges our group forward, drinks in hand. I shuffle absentmindedly toward the stage. The bright lights pulsate over the dancer's creamy skin while her body twists delicately around the tall silver pole. It's as if the pole isn't there and she's floating through empty airspace like an eagle swaying through the sky in a rhythmic pattern. I'd seen the way the large birds would grapple and almost dance with each other in the sky. Katniss had called it play fighting, as though they were training how to do air battle with prey. Her father had told her about it, that the birds were doing an extravagant fighting ballet. This woman reminds me of the fluid effortless rhythmic fight. The crowd is cheering as she dangles upside down pivoting, holding on with only her legs. I can't tell if my fascination stems from her scantily clad body or the hypnotic movements. The first time that I stepped foot in a dancing parlor I was colossally embarrassed, being entirely unprepared for it. A couple of guys from work had convinced me to come and the naked women were all gyrating around the stage in vulgar ways. I was interested, I'm only human, but something about it was tainted with a degree of Capitol. It brought bile into my mouth and a pain in my chest. I was embarrassed by the nudity, surprised at my own shyness. Those dancers were nothing like this though. Sweet Sour has gentle, loving, tantalizing movements. She holds onto the pole with one arm and dangles her body in the air, defying gravity. Weightless and completely unhuman, she moves in one moment like a gentle butterfly and in the next like an eagle honing in on her prey. "She's a goddess," Jackson whispers appreciatively as she shimmies her way up a pole that is on our side of the stage. I want to agree with him, but I can't speak. I have finally seen her face and something inside me has bubbled up. A memory, I have been trying to repress, of a face that haunts my dreams. I grip my heart and fight the delusion for a moment as she slows her swiveling. I feel an immense confusion as she smiles at the cheering group around me. Her face is exquisite, just like I remember it. Instantly my fascination turns into shocked fear and excitement. Before I register it I have pushed my way toward the stage and am gripping the edge of the wood platform roughly. The back of my mind remembers that there are force fields on dance floors like these. I saw a man get nearly burned by one the first time that the boys brought me to a place like this. Large sums of money are being thrown over my shoulder onto the glittering surface of the stage. I stare dumbfounded into the woman's face as she dips low once more, hinging toward me. The money zings through the force field with soft zaps that I can barely hear. "Madge!" I yell over the immense music. Sweet Sour turns her face to me in confusion, but I can see that she isn't sure who shouted at her. In one long glide, she slides her body from the pole. Her thin frame is glowing in the lights. She frantically searches the faces around me and the crowd is angered by her sudden halt. A few of them leer at her, demanding more, demanding their money's worth. I scream the name that I associate with her face and she finally finds my voice in the mass of bodies. She leans against the pole and clutches her head, visibly in pain of some sort. There is a strangled expression on her features as she analyzes me. I want to leap onto the stage, but the force field zaps my fingers when I reach forward. Sweet Sour shakes her head at me, tears welling in her eyes before she runs off stage. The crowd is devastated, angry shouts ring over the pounding music. My head is swimming in the heavy drone of the atmosphere. "Fuck, Hawthorne what the hell?" Jackson grabs me forcefully by the shoulder. I shake his grip off. I need to get to her. I need to see her in person, touch her, and make sure she is real. "You know her?" He asks me, when he sees the ghostly expression on my face. I swallow thickly as we disentangle ourselves from the angered mob of onlookers. I stare back at him, my mind in a foggy haze. Jackson ushers me toward the door. He mutters about back alley entrances or something to that effect. When we pour into the street he swivels on his foot and fixes me with a questioning look. "She was my – ", I let my words fade off into the air. I don't have a true description for her. Our life was complicated together, forbidden even. I pinch the bridge of my nose between my fingers and sigh deeply. This changes everything, if she really is the girl that I left behind. I left her behind; of course she hasn't tried to contact me. "Fuck. I mean, I promised I would protect her – this whole time…I thought she was dead!" My rage is vibrating through my body. I kick the red brick wall of the nightclub swiftly with my right foot and a sharp pain electrifies my leg. This frustrates me further. My mind is racing in a million directions, grasping for the truth. How the hell did she survive the bombs? Where has she been for the last five years? Why didn't she contact me? She must hate what I did to her, what I did to us. This rumbling feeling in my chest reminds me of Katniss and suddenly I want to hurl a fist into the wall to stop it. "Back alley," Jackson says as he peers around the corner of the building, "maybe we can bribe our way in?" There is a bodyguard posted by the back exit. He looks gigantic, fierce, and uncooperative. The music from inside is pulsating through the air, deep and accented by the lull of the crowd. I clutch my head between my hands and stare at Jackson desperately. He is assessing the bodyguard. I think to myself that this is a no go situation. I may be desperate, but am I that willing to get the shit kicked out of me? Probably not. I could wait for her to emerge, but maybe she will find a way to avoid me. Apparently, she's been doing it for a while now . "Fuck." All I can think is fuck, fuck, fuck . Jackson nods at me grimly and crosses his arms over his broad chest. We are both wearing our uniforms still. He stands a foot shorter than me, but he has a stockier build. He would have a better chance against the large man at the door. He watches my internal struggle for a few minutes. Now I want to punch that interested expression off his face, it will hurt less than the wall anyway. "Let's try it. You look like hell," He smirks at me and grabs my arm roughly to pull me toward the alley, "The worst that can happen is that it will make you feel like hell too." I scoff at him, reluctantly following. The bodyguard eyes us with an air of disinterest; he probably gets poor shmucks attempting to get into the back all the time. Jackson sidles his way up to the guard with a large smile. He pulls a huge wad of cash from his leather jacket. The man doesn't even appear to flinch at the sight of it. "We're here to see a particular friend of his, can we interest you in a little bit of a gift to make this less painful for him?" Jackson fans the bills before the large man. I swallow thickly and hope that he receives most of the beating that will likely come next. The man stands from his stool and inspects us more deeply. "No one sees the girls without an invite." He crosses his arms over his chest menacingly. I notice that his large biceps bulge considerably during this action. I suddenly feel feeble, like years of