Hello everybody! I felt like starting a new story... this chapter here had been lying around on my laptop for several months now (since last year maybe?) and I decided it was time to post it. I actually didn't want to work on more than one story at a time for a while, but *sigh* Whatever ;-) Disclaimer: Twilight and its characters belong to Stephenie Meyer! I just like to coax them into doing something stupid and when they are done causing trouble, I put them in a fancy box with a bow on top and send them back to their rightful owner. Warning: I put the warning for this story in the description and would advise you guys to take it seriously. I don't give them because I'm bored or because I wish to annoy you, I do it for you so you won't need to waste your time on stories you won't like. While I still don't know in which chapter the warning will be important, I still wanted to let you know beforehand so you can judge for yourself if you really want to read it. Okay, enough said. Have fun with the first chapter! It was one of these beautiful, overcast summer days the whole family loved and Rosalie was spending the afternoon in the garden with Esme, tending to the flowers and picking the most beautiful ones for several bouquets they wanted to make to adorn their home. The wonderful smell of blooming roses, marguerites and gillyflowers surrounded them and soon the same smell would scent their home and brighten up several rooms with the beauty of their delicate blossoms and rich colours. "No, not the pink ones," Rosalie said and shook her head lightly before pointing at the big rose bushes to their right. "The red ones have a fuller blossom. They would look perfect in the sitting room." Esme thought about this for a moment before she nodded her head in agreement, smiling broadly. "You are right. They would look fantastic on the little sideboard next to the shelf." After they had cut enough flowers, mother and daughter brought them to the wooden table on the wide terrace, ready to get started. It was wonderful for both women to be spending time together doing these delicate works and chatting away about this and that. Two and a half years - it had been little more than two and a half years since they had basically become a family even though it hadn't felt that way right from the beginning – especially for Rosalie. But now Rose had to admit that it was like they had lived together forever, and she was sure that she was as close to Esme as her mother as she could be. Ever since she had found her Emmett, it was like she could finally be herself again and truly accept her new existence and her new family. He was what she had needed in her life, the missing piece she had been longing for to find, and it had been love at first sight. She felt content and at peace with the world and herself now that he was a part of her life - and the most important part at that. " Rose! " That voice made a dazzling smile appear on the beautiful blonde's face, and she spun around just in time to be face to face with her big bear of a husband who caught her in his muscular arms and spun her around once before placing her back on her feet. He puckered his lips and smacked hers with his, causing her to giggle when he pulled away again. "Behave," she chided playfully and slapped her hand against his chest. "Behave?" he queried with raised eyebrows and a smirk started to form on his lips. "Well, last night you liked -" "Hem-hem." An impish smile, dimpling Emmett's face, was directed apologetically at his Mom as he turned his head to look at the brown-haired woman. "Sorry, Mom. Nothing happened, of course." Esme shook her head, but her expression showed amusement. "Opinions may differ as to what nothing means. I think Edward would agree with me." Emmett snorted and waved his hand dismissively. "Oh, the little imp doesn't mind." " First of all I'm OLDER than you, and second of all: I DO mind! Your bed frame is hitting against my wall! " could be heard being shouted from the window on the second floor right above them. Hearing that their nightly activities disturbed their brother did not have the effect that they would be embarrassed or even feel the need to apologise. No, Emmett guffawed and hugged his wife to himself, cupping her behind in a fashion that told Esme that they weren't planning on letting this night be any easier to endure for Edward than the last ones or the many nights before that. She gave her bulky son a look of disapproval and tutted. "It's a natural reaction," Emmett explained, giving his mother an innocent, yet mischievous look. "I cannot help it." Rose placed her arms around his waist and leaned her head against his broad chest while a smile tugged at the corners of her lips. Seeing them together was so wonderful for Esme and the last thing she wanted was to keep her two newlyweds from being happy and getting to know each other in all possible ways, but she did have to admit that it was not only Edward who found their excessive love-making rather shocking. The problem was that as long as Emmett was still so young and needed surveillance, she couldn't send the lovebirds on their honeymoon away from the rest of the family. It would just have to wait and they would just have to accept the situation for now and try to live through it. "How was your hunt, Emmett?" she asked, knowing that he was still completely euphoric about being able to hunt up animals, hold them down with his bare hands and, well, suck the life out of them. He just grinned at her in return - it was only broken by Rose putting a hand on the back of his neck and pulling his face down to hers. Her tongue flicked out and she licked his bottom lip before saying, "He had bear." "And what a huge thing it had been! His paws were as big as my head," he exclaimed and held his hand up in a way the bear must have done, "and he slapped at me like he wanted to disembowel me and then feed on it." Esme's face scrunched up at his detailed description and Rose took a step back so she wouldn't accidentally become a part of Em's little re-enactment. "Please, Emmy, you don't have to graphic," Esme pleaded while he was busy replaying the fight for them by clawing at the air. "You should have seen his face, Mom! He was completely startled but too proud to turn away and run from me. Thought because he was bigger than me he could win this little fight," he said, then snorted as the memory played out in his mind. "Stupid bear." There was the iron smell of blood mixed with the strong, musky smell of bear on him that wafted over to her when a light breeze started blowing in her direction. She noticed that the crook of her boy's arm and the right half of his collar seemed to be soaked with blood and covered in loose bear fur - his face and his hands, however, looked clean. For a moment she had been concerned as she knew that he had developed some kind of difficult relationship with bears. But she always considered herself lucky when he kept it at wrestling with the bear - before he fed, while he fed, and afterwards when the poor creature was dead. Lately he had started talking about keeping a part of the dead thing and taking it home as well, but thankfully up until now they had managed to hinder him from following through with his idea. They didn't have had that explicit problem before, but after his second slip-up - a very unfortunate incident which made a change of scenery necessary, of course - they had moved to Hoquiam, WA. The forest that surrounded them didn't just hold animals such as elk, deer, mountain lion and wildcat, but quite a few bears as well. The good thing was that bear made the boy extremely happy and the taste of the blood was satisfying enough so that he seemed to be a lot more in control of his bloodlust and the mood swings the newborn years brought. But the bad thing was that he was starting to become quite sulky when he couldn't find bear on one of his frequent hunts and had to make do with some different animal that was less tasty and less fun to play with. Clearing her throat, Esme gave her son a little smile. "Why don't you go get changed, Emmett? You surely cannot feel comfortable wearing a dirty shirt." That way he would finally stop fighting imaginary bears and she could be sure that he wouldn't stain anything. "Sure. Come Rose, I have to show you something," he said excitedly and pulled at his wife's hand, leading her to the open French windows and into the house. Esme smiled as she looked after them, glad that they were leading such a more or less normal and comfortable family life. Her three healthy and happy children were truly a blessing and she was thankful that she had been given another chance to live a life like this. She bound the last few flowers together and then looked down at the five bouquets she and Rosalie had made. They were indeed beautiful and she couldn't wait to see them in the pretty porcelain vases that were a present from her loving husband. Grabbing two of them and cradling them in her arms so the flowers wouldn't accidentally break on the way inside, she then turned around and entered the house. The strong smell of bear blood hit her, and she shook her head while letting out a sigh. Yes, the newest addition to the family, her boulder-sized cub Emmy, still had trouble feeding without spilling half of the nourishing liquid. He just had too much fun wrestling with the struggling animal and growling while drinking. He liked the funny gurgling noises and the little blood bubbles it created - yes, he was a little child in the body of a very, very big boy. Hopefully he wouldn't get the idea to use a straw next time - but then again, maybe that would leave his clothes in a cleaner state. In their beautiful dining room - no, not the forest - she placed the freshly bound bouquets onto the old oak table and turned around to open the cabinet. She found the two vases she was looking for immediately, retrieved them and placed them in the middle of the dining table. To get water for the flowers, she went to the kitchen where she picked up the watering pot from the floor next to the door and made her way over to the sink to fill it up. It took her a moment to realise that something was odd. The purple lavender soap they kept next to the sink had just been used. That wasn't odd, naturally, because that was the purpose of this little piece of soap, but it was hairy and had light red streaks all over it and the surface it was lying on was soiled as well. She looked down into the sink and saw that the plughole was covered in wet, brown hair. So that's why it smelled so weird in here... oh well, at least she had managed to teach Em to wash his face and hands