Hey guys! So this here is an Outtake of the story "Better times will come". It will make much more sense if you have read the story, or at least the last few chapters (33-35) of the story I just mentioned, but who am I to tell you what to do. Decide for yourself but don't complain to me when you have no clue what's going on ; -) I was just curious what was going on at home and Carlisle's thoughts on what had happened - maybe you are too. Disclaimer: Twilight and its characters belongs to Stephenie Meyer and no one else. "This is very... unfortunate," Carlisle muttered. He had one arm folded across his chest, holding the elbow of his other arm, as he rubbed his chin and gazed at the broken and bent remnants of his once beautiful, shiny black Mercedes. He had loved that car. "We didn't want to tell you before," Edward admitted hesitantly, all the while keeping his eyes on his father and his mind open to listen in on his thoughts. He just wanted to make sure he'd have a little headstart in case he needed to run and hide. With a sad sigh, Carlisle pointed one finger at something bulky lying in one corner of the garage. "Is that...?" "Yes, that's the engine. I don't think you can get it fixed again, and the car body is damaged beyond repair, Carlisle." "Hm," he muttered and rubbed his chin again. A minute passed and his father's silence was making the bronze-haired boy a little nervous. "Of course we can stand here and wait for Rose," he remarked just to end the silence, "but I'm sure she'll tell you to just get a new one." Oops, maybe he should have kept his mouth shut... Carlisle took his eyes from the pile of bent metal that once used to be his beloved car and looked at his son, who immediately averted his eyes as he knew full well what Carlisle was about to say to him. "Please try to refer from reading my thoughts, son." He sheepishly looked back up at his father. "I'm sorry, Dad, but I'm sure anyone would have guessed that you thought about asking Rose if she could fix it somehow." Carlisle's jaw clenched for a second. "I'd like to know where she is." The mention of his daughter made him remember why he had left work in a panic after trying to reach Emmett on the phone. He had made it home in record time to calm his wife and find out what had happened during his absence. Instead of giving him answers, Edward had led him to the garage – it had been an attempt to distract him obviously, and it had worked for a short moment. But now they were back on the topic. Edward glanced at him, then decided to observe the beautiful and extremely interesting cement floor. "Edward." No answer. "Edward," Carlisle said in a warning tone, "if you know something about the whereabouts of your siblings, then I want you to tell me right now." He knew a little bit... but he didn't think it would be the right time for Carlisle to hear what was going on. Unfortunately his father seemed to lose his patience as he stood in front of him and crossed his arms over his chest. "Do I need to ask your sister and draw her away from her suffering husband?" That was the last thing Edward wanted. They had finally found Jasper, and Alice was determined to not leave him out of her sight until he was her Jasper again. It was hard enough for her to see him in this condition and not being able to help him as she did not see when or if he would get better again... he couldn't let Carlisle give her the third degree, especially not now. "No." "Then tell me." His shoulders slumped as he let out a sigh and hung his head. "I don't know where they are." "Edward, I-" Carlisle began to say, but Edward's head snapped back up and he immediately cut him off. "They are driving around, that's all I could see in Alice's vision! But right now she's blocking everything that doesn't have to do with Jasper!" That was a plausible explanation, even though it was quite unsatisfactory for Carlisle. His children were still missing and nobody knew where they were or what they were doing. At least Jasper wasn't missing anymore. It was still a mystery to them if and how the girl had done this and how long it would last. His condition was still very disturbing and they had no idea how to help him – but at least he was home now and they could watch him. "And do you know when Jasper will be better?" Edward shook his head. "I have no idea. He didn't choose to be in this state, and therefore it seems like he cannot choose to get better. Alice cannot see." Carlisle narrowed his eyes in thought, then turned around and headed for the living room where he knew his wife and his daughter were trying to get Jasper to relax and remember where he was. He came to a halt next to the armchair Esme was currently occupying and placed a hand on her shoulder. She looked up at him and slowly shook her head, answering his unspoken question that way. Jasper still wasn't better. "Jasper, son," he said in order to gain Jasper's attention, but the blonde boy didn't seem to hear him as he continued to look around the room like he had never been here before. Alice constantly tried to grab his face and make him look at her, look in her eyes and listen to her voice, but he always got distracted by the fact that he forgot where he was and tried to regain his sense of direction. With a sigh Carlisle addressed his dark-haired daughter. The poor girl looked worried and frustrated with herself – Carlisle felt exactly the same way at the moment, just like Esme and Edward. They couldn't do anything about Jasper's condition, and they couldn't do anything about the girl as they didn't know where Rosalie and Emmett were taking her and what they were planning on doing with her. And they didn't know if Rose and Emmett were coming back and if they were all right. "Alice?" "I don't know, Dad. I don't know how long it will take," she replied and bit her lip, then squeezed her mate's hand. He reached out and put a hand on her knee, giving it a comforting rub. "You and Edward brought him home, sweetheart, and he doesn't seem to be in physical pain. Don't blame yourself, he will get better." She looked like she was about to cry. He rubbed her knee again, then gave his girl a look of apology. "I know it is difficult at the moment, but could you please try and see where your siblings are and if they are safe? We tried calling them, but they must have switched off their phones." "Or maybe they are in a dead zone," Edward tried as he walked toward the rest of the family. They looked up, and he shrugged his shoulders like he was just trying to be helpful. Esme shook her head. "Rosalie hung up on me." "Maybe the battery died," he guessed. "It rang when I tried again..." Carlisle cleared his throat and looked at his daughter. "Alice, where are they?" The girl closed her eyes for a moment and when she opened them again, she scrunched up her face, then let out a soft sigh. "They are driving." "Where to?" "I didn't see any road signs." With his elbows on his knees, he bent forward and squinted at his daughter. "You really don't know where they are going?" She lowered her gaze to the ground and squeezed her mate's hand even tighter while starting to chew on her bottom lip. "No," Edward answered for his sister. "Edward, please," Carlisle softly rebuked and glanced at his boy before looking back at his little pixie daughter sitting on the couch. She hesitated for a moment before she slowly shook her head, and he inwardly groaned. Rose and Emmett had taken the car, and he couldn't trace them that way. No scent, no footsteps in the snow, no nothing. Were they really going to do what Esme feared they would? Right from the beginning Rosalie had been against changing the girl, and Maddie wasn't adapting well. Have they decided to spare her having to live like this? Give her a choice? She barely knew life, giving her a choice like that was grossly negligent and cruel. Such a young life... But would they really go that far and follow through with their plan? He didn't know if they had it in them to kill a child who was in need of love and protection... but maybe this was their interpretation of protection. Protect her from a life that meant never growing up, never sleeping and never being able to forget. But why would Emmett agree? He embraced life with everything it had to offer, he was looking forward to every new day and wondered what it would hold for him. It was a lot more likely that he would try to help his little sister experience the joy of living instead of pinning her to the ground and ripping her head off. That image made bile rise up in Carlisle's throat. He closed his eyes and turned his head away so his family wouldn't see what was currently going through his mind and what it was doing to him. He was still the leader of this coven and he had to be strong for them. His thoughts went right back to his children. Emmy was gentle and fun-loving, not heartless and brutal. Newborns, especially the ones you created yourself or who were born into your coven were dependent on your help, protection and guidance – they were innocent and inexperienced beings. While Emmett would do anything to make his wife happy, Carlisle could not imagine that killing a child would be one of those things. And he knew that Rose initially felt the same about newborns as she had raised and guided her Em through his newborn years... so what was going on here? They were adapted to making the best out of situations no matter how trying or difficult... but choosing something final as death for someone who couldn't possibly know what she wanted? He barely managed to swallow back a gasp right before it could leave his lips. Have they decided to leave this family, this coven? Were they going separate ways now? But why did they switch their phones off and not even tell them what they were planning on doing? They weren't obligated to be members of this coven, they were free to do whatever they wanted. But he had turned the girl, and so they had no right to just take her from here and separate her from the ones who were responsible for her. And they had no right to decide whether the life he had just created was worth saving or needed to be destroyed. A phantom migraine was building in his head and he reached up and massaged the bridge of his nose in an attempt to rub the worry and stress away. All of a sudden he got aware of how quiet it had become in the room. He looked up and saw that his family was staring at him - well, except for Jasper who was still behaving like a tourist. "I'm sorry, I just need some fresh air," he mumbled, then pushed himself up from the armrest of the chair and walked in the direction of the front door. Edward gulped when he