A/N: Sooo this story was inspired by one of my one shots 'Alive'. I really liked the idea of Gale coming back as like a broken victor, and Madge trying to fix all the pieces. Hope you guys enjoy it, and if you do please follow, favourite and comment! Happy reading! It was easy for me to fall in love with Gale Hawthorne. I mean, he was Gale Hawthorne . Tall, and handsome, and those eyes . He brought me strawberries. And yes, maybe he treated me like I thought I was something special but it didn't matter because he treated me like something . And that was a whole lot better than being ignored. And then sometimes - very rarely - he snuck in a smile during our meetings. I remember the first time I ever saw him smile and goodness I was the one who'd made him do it. Katniss and Gale had been standing on my front porch, holding out the basket of strawberries to me, when I'd told Katniss it wouldn't hurt her to look a little happier to see me. And maybe Gale was laughing at me or maybe Gale was laughing at Katniss but I didn't care because he smiled and I swear for that moment the whole world stood still. The whole world stood still . Just like when they called Rory's name at the Reaping. Just like when Gale shot up, his shoulders tenser than I'd ever seen, and volunteered in his brother's place. Just like when I felt like all the air had been sucked out of my lungs and I couldn't breathe anymore. Because Gale - my Gale - had been standing on that podium with eyes the darkest shade of granite I'd ever seen. And he was probably going to die . And I'd cried and cried and cried. And I'd ignored all the people whispering around me. I'd ignored Katniss's look, from across the crowd, her eyes following my every movement. I'd ignored Effie Trinket's stupid stupid speech about honouring president Snow. And then Gale and the girl tribute - a younger girl, I think her name was Fawn - shook hands, and that was it. They were carted off stage, and I'd had less than an hour to run to the justice building and try to tell Gale how utterly and hopelessly in love I am with him, before he left District 12. I ran until the muscles in my legs burned, and I didn't even care when I stepped in puddles of mud, wetting my spotless white dress. I didn't care because this was the last time I might ever see Gale Hawthorne alive, and my heart was twisting with dread at the thought of it. And when I finally saw him- Gale my Gale - he didn't even look surprised to see me. He'd just stared at me, his eyes stormier than I'd ever seen them before. And I'd told him he had to win. He had to come home. Because so many people needed him . And I'd wanted to tell him that I was one of those people. That I'd loved him since the first time I saw him smile. But instead I'd slipped my mockingjay pin between his fingers and asked if he'd wear it for me in the arena. For me . Because he had to come home . And maybe that stupid pin would help bring him home. And he'd nodded and sighed and then, surprisingly, pulled me in for a hug, squeezing me so tightly I saw white dots. But I didn't say anything because goodness Gale Hawthorne was hugging me, and he was going off to the Hunger Games, and he might not ever come back again. And when he pulled away the words were on my lips - I love you - but a guard came in and ushered me out without even giving me a proper goodbye. And I'd started crying before the door even closed because what if he didn't make it out alive . But I shouldn't have worried, I guess. This was, after all, Gale Hawthorne I was talking about. He came home. But everybody kept saying he wasn't the same anymore. That he was different - mechanical, broken. He never left his house. Never locked his doors. Never brought me strawberries again. "I heard he's completely snapped," Delly Cartwright, a girl in my grade, was walking home in front of me one day after school, "Some people are saying he won't even talk to Katniss." I stiffened. They were talking about Gale of course. "He's still cute though." Another girl - the one slightly younger, giggled, "Maybe even cuter than Finnick." "No way ," Delly countered, "Nobody's cuter than Finnick." I tuned out their voices. I didn't want to hear them talk about my Gale as if they knew him. And okay, maybe he wasn't really my Gale but it didn't matter because I still loved him. Even if he wasn't quite the same anymore. I sighed heavily and wondered if he would kill me if I turned up at his house. I'd still not seen him since he came back from the Victory tour. Or even since he came back from the Games. I missed his eyes . "Madge?" I turned sharply at the sound of Katniss's voice. She was staring at me in that peculiar way she always did. "Oh, Katniss," I nodded at her, "Hello." "Hi." She fell into step beside me, and we wordlessly agreed to walking home together, "I was looking for you at lunch today." That was our thing . What Katniss and I did best. Lunch in the cafeteria. It didn't matter that we barely spoke a word to each other, or that we looked as different as night and day. Katniss and I had one thing in common. Anonymity. Neither of us had friends. And maybe I wanted them, but Katniss said she could never really be bothered. That is, except for Gale of course. "Sorry. I felt ill." The truth was, it was hard to sit with Katniss at lunch these days. Knowing that Gale loved her the way I loved him and that maybe she might love him too, but being too scared to ask her about it. "That's okay." She hesitated for a moment and then sighed, "Listen. I know he may not be your favourite person on the planet, but I'm going to see Gale on my way home today. He might like a change of company." My breathe caught in my chest and my throat and my stomach all at once. I tried not to appear too nervous, but Katniss cocked her head at my reaction. "You don't have to come…" "No. No. I'd like to come." I chewed on my bottom lip, "Honestly." She nodded, "Okay." I tried to calm myself down, suddenly feeling like I may faint at any minute. I was going to see him . I'd wanted to see him, of course. But I was still scared. Scared he might reject me, or worse ignore me. He'd never cared for me before the Games, why would it be any different now? "How is he?" The words left my mouth in a flurry, and I wondered if Katniss might think something was wrong with me. But if she did notice anything, she didn't comment on it, instead shrugging gently. "Honestly, I don't know." She crossed her arms in front of her, "Gale has always been... difficult to understand, but ever since he came back it's been so much worse. All he does is stare at me. He won't come hunting. He won't talk to me. I don't know what to do." I felt a prickling in the pit of my stomach. Maybe this wasn't such a good idea… "But he did ask for you." The words were quiet, almost a whisper, "So I thought maybe that was his way of asking me to ask you to come see him." She gave me a look, "Are you really okay with this?" The prickling changed to a fluttering and I tilted my head forwards quickly, "Yes. Of course. Anything to help." We had taken the turn towards Victor's Village, and my eyes widened at the sight of the sprawling mansions in front of us. My home was a lot bigger than most in District 12 but it was nothing in comparison to the one's before me. It almost made me sick. Just another example of the Capitol's grosse spending. "They're beautiful on the outside, but empty on the inside." Katniss growled, "Typical." "Sounds like them," I whispered, scared they'd somehow bugged the place. I wouldn't put it past Snow. Katniss turned off the main path and started making her way towards the mansion to the left of Haymitch Abernathy's. I followed her nervously, knowing this was undoubtedly his house . "You should know," She turned to me carefully, "He's been drinking a lot with Haymitch these days. I don't know how sober he will be." I nodded, speechless, as we climbed the marble steps leading towards the front door, and Katniss pushed it open slowly. "Gale?" Her voice bounced off the walls. She was greeted with silence, " Gale ?" I followed as she led through the front room, trying to ignore the ridiculous decadence of it all. A crystal chandelier, and winding marble steps leading to a no doubt stupid amount of rooms. A thick rug placed in the middle of the room, probably worth more than half of District 12 put together. Again I felt sick. "Catnip?" His voice was soft, gentle. Almost trembling. Katniss turned towards me and gestured towards one of the rooms to our right, "This way." I took a deep breath in and tried to calm my rapid heartbeat, telling myself it was only Gale . Except that did nothing to calm me down, and instead I felt like I might burst from nerves and maybe even a little bit of excitement. Katniss stepped inside first, and I meekly followed into what seemed to be one of Gale's living rooms. I blinked against the darkness inside - all the lights were off except one small lamp. Gale . My Gale . He was slumped against a leather armchair looking every bit as masculine and beautiful as I remembered. His broad shoulders were hunched forward slightly and his hair had grown out a little, falling in front of what I knew to be dark, brooding eyes. "Gale. Madge is here." Katniss grabbed my hand and pulled me forward, "Be nice." He pushed his hair out of his eyes and stared at me and goodness I felt like I was on fire. My skin prickled excitedly and I smiled timidly. "Hi Gale." I waved awkwardly, "How have you been?" He was silent for a moment, " Madge Undersee ." The words left his mouth in a breathy whisper, " My God ." "Hi Gale," I squeaked, "Are you okay?" He stared at me, his eyes burning holes straight through me, "I'm just peachy," His voice was dripping with sarcasm, but his eyes weren't mean, and I knew he wasn't angry at me. I stepped towards him and took a deep trembling breath in, "Your house is uh - very big ." He snorted and shook his head, tugging a hand through his thick hair, "It does it's job." He muttered. "I'm going to make tea." Katniss's voice cut through our conversation and I turned to look at her, "Would you like one, Madge?" Her eyes were warm, maybe even a little kind . "Yes, please. No sugar." She nodded and turned her attention on Gale, "Tea Gale?" "Can you add a shot of whiskey into it?" He smirked jokingly, but I noticed a hint of seriousness in his tone. "No." Katniss deadpanned, turning away from the two of us and slipping out in the