Hello :) Here we are again. Caleo. I'm going to be honest, this wasn't planned. It was more of a spur-of-the-moment thing. I honestly thought I was done with PJO, and Caleo, and all that jazz, but, well . . . A guest left a handful of review on my story Calypso , and honestly, I'd mostly forgotten it existed until then. And when I read them, I kept scrolling down the screen and reading all the nice messages people left for me, especially considering it's one of the worst stories I've ever written. And I dunno, but suddenly I wanted to write something for this category again. And for some reason "coffee shop AU" popped into my head, which is unusual considering I don't generally read them. I'm also hurrying to get this written before the internet cuts out. -_- Well, I hope you enjoy it. :) Cheers! ~Ice. Engine Grease and English Breakfast Schhhk. Whirrr . . . Steam rose from the hot liquid slowly rising in the cup, and the smell of coffee flooded the young woman's senses. She wrinkled her nose in distaste and turned away until it was full, before recollecting the cup and spraying some whipped cream on top. She set it on a little plate, complete with a napkin and spoon, before checking off the order on a slip of paper and moving out from behind the counter. If there was one thing Calypso Monachikós hated, it was coffee. Ironic that she was working in a café. But, sadly, she'd needed a job, so she had to tolerate it. This was the only place in Houston that even considered hiring her, since she'd never had any past experience in working before, and besides, she'd been here for a year. She was used to it. She was used to a lot of things. She was used to rude customers, burns, shattered mugs, soapy dishwater, low pay, slippery floors, awful bosses, and a lack of help when she needed it. She was used to run-down apartments, horrible landlords, night-owl neighbours, wild animals raiding her garbage bin, and lots of bills. She was used to a lack of university study, adjusting to the English language, having no one to talk to, receiving no contact from home, and trying to understand the ever-developing American culture. She was used to being lonely. When she thought about it however, she was her own best company. Few had ever understood her love for books and gardening. Most considered her odd when she preferred to sit by herself and sing rather than scroll through Facebook or post selfies on Instagram. Everyone thought she was mad when she decided to pick up and move to another country which spoke a completely different language, seemingly for no good reason at all. She never told those people that she did it to get away from them. Oh, what they would say if they saw where she was now . . . Her sisters would laugh. Her mother would turn up her nose, and her father wouldn't notice at all, considering what he was like. ' Ilíthio ánthropo,' she muttered, glowering a little at the thought. Stupid man, indeed . . . CRASH! Calypso shrieked as she collided head-on with something huge and solid, the impact sending her backwards. The person she had run into let out a roar of pain, and she looked up from her landing spot on the floor to see a forty-something year old man glaring down at her, drenched in scalding coffee. 'Idiot girl!' he bellowed, going red from the heat. 'Watch where you're going! I swear to God – I want something done about this, you hear me? ' 'I – I'm really sorry,' Calypso stammered, trying unsuccessfully to get to her feet. 'And yes, of course. Right this way, sir . . .' She stood up, and looked over at the person she was supposed to be bringing the beverage to; a curly haired teenager who looked about nineteen. She gave him a look of apology and he waved her off good naturedly, mouthing: It's fine . Giving a grateful look in return, Calypso escorted the man out the back of the café to see the manager. It didn't end well. A lot of shouting followed, and with a promise to deal with Calypso accordingly and pay the man for the trouble, her boss – Michael – sent him away. Then he turned to her with a grim look. He sighed. 'Calypso -' 'I know,' she said, cutting over him. 'I botched up. Again.' 'This is the second time this month. You know I can't afford to keep around clumsy employees.' Calypso's face fell. She knew where this was going. Usually she just got a scolding and was sent to clean toilets for a week, so this hit her like a bag of stones. A fifty kilogram bag of stones. 'Please,' she begged, looking at him desperately. 'Don't send me away. I do not know if I will be able to find another job! I -' Michael shook his head, a disappointed look on his face. However, she could see the tiniest of smiles pulling on the corners of his mouth, like she had amused him. 'One thing I always liked about you, Caly; you speak so damn formally . You should loosen up a bit. It'll help you in the long run. I promise.' ' Please ,' she repeated. He sighed again, and seemed to be thinking something over. Finally, he spoke. 'I'll give you a week. Take that time to try and find another job, but next Wednesday you have to go. Is that fair? No . Mutely, she nodded. 'Good.' He ran a hand tiredly over his face. 'Now, please go out and fix up that order you dropped. Your customer's still waiting.' 'Al-alright. Thank you.' She hurried back out into the main area and went to clean up the mess. However, when she got there she found there was nothing left. She paused in confusion, and her question wasn't answered until the boy she had seen earlier appeared out of nowhere, handing her a tray with the shattered china and sopping napkins full of coffee piled up in it. 'Here,' he said. Calypso blinked. A few seconds passed, and he nudged the tray a little more firmly into her hands. Finally, she snapped out of her shock and took it, stammering her thanks. No one had ever done something for her in a long time, especially a customer . . . 'Don't worry about it,' he said. 'I'm right to wait.' 'I –o – okay. I, um, thank you. I'll be as quick as I can.' 'All good, all good.' He cracked a grin, and Calypso hesitantly smiled back. She quickly moved back across the room and behind the counter, disposing of the mess and making another coffee. The entire time she was there, she was still trying to process the fact that he had helped her , and nearly dropped another cup. Eventually, she built up a little appreciation-speech in her head, intending to express her gratitude at his unnecessary kindness. When she got back to his table however, she did not find what she expected. There, poking out from beneath the napkin holder was a wad of cash and a serviette with a hastily scribbled note on it. Sorry, somethign came up and I had to go. Keep the tip and dont let asses like that guy put yuo down. Good luck Sunshine. Might see you agian sometmie. The spelling and grammar were both absolutely atrocious, but Calypso knew it was from the boy. Carefully, she picked up the bills and counted through them – fifty dollars. A tip of fifty dollars . Numbly, she folded the cash and slipped it into her bra to avoid losing it. Then she read through the note again. Something about it made the corners of her lips quirk up in a smile, and after a second's contemplation, she put it with the money. The next morning, Calypso was back in the café as the sun was rising. She wanted to work as many hours as possible and make her final pay check for this job a glorious one. Last night, she had combed through the newspaper and looked on the internet for any job openings. Unfortunately, she didn't find any. It looked like the next week was going to be a difficult one. The money had helped, however. It had bought her enough food to stock the fridge for the next four days, and she'd even afforded a bottle of caffeinated iced tea to drink on the way to work that morning. Things might have been looking difficult, but at least she had the luxury of portable drinks. Her first task for the day was to wipe down all the tables before the customers arrived. This was generally a quick job, but for some reason, when she got there Calypso found herself simply standing where the boy had sat yesterday. There was the faintest trace of an unusual scent in the air, and when she worked it out, she was momentarily confused. Engine grease? Shaking her head dubiously, she wiped down the table and forced herself to move along. There was a steady trickle of customers throughout the day, and Calypso was surprised to find that her stress levels were relatively normal. She was supposed to have an hour off work for lunch, but she kept pushing the thought of it away; saving it for later. Yet again, the door opened with the ring of a bell, and another customer entered the building. Calypso sighed and retied her caramel coloured hair into a ponytail, making a noise of frustration when wispy bits fell out and framed her face. With a tiny groan, she gave up and went to take their order. She didn't really look up until she reached their table, but when she did, she stopped. It was the boy. And judging by his impish grin, he was here for a reason. 'You! It's you!' 'Hello to you too, Sunshine,' he replied smoothly, leaning back in his chair and folding his arms. 'And what pleasure brings you here?' 'Work,' she replied dryly. 'I wanted to talk to you – about that tip -' He waved her off. 'It's fine. Really.' 'But . . .' She faltered, and her eyebrows knitted together in confusion. ' Why? ' 'You looked like you were having a rough day. Seemed that you needed it.' 'Well, I did; I mean, it bought me dinner, but – that's not the point. That tip was huge! If you weren't already gone, I couldn't possibly have taken all of it – you're insane!' 'You know, you seem very charming,' he quipped, raising a single eyebrow. 'Be happy about the damn tip, would you, woman?' She waved her hands around a little bit. 'I am! But I – It's not – I don't – ugh! ' 'Am I distracting you, señora? ' he asked cheekily. 'Well, it's got to be expected. I always have that effect on the ladies.' Calypso snorted rather unattractively. ' No . In fact, I find you very annoying . It's just -' 'Now, now, is that how you treat a customer?' ' You , yes. Everyone else , probably not.' 'Oh? And what's gonna set me apart? That I'm the Super-Sized McShizzle?' She blinked. Not once in all her time in America had she come across terminology like that . 'What?' He laughed and waved her off. 'Never mind. Hey, let me buy you a coffee.' She blinked yet again. ' What? ' He looked at her innocently. 'What, no one ever shouted you some caffeine before?' She took a moment to process that statement before speaking. '. . . No?' He slapped his hands down on the table. ' Well. Sit here, lady, and I'll do just