Their Fight for Normalcy Disclaimer: I own nothing. Harry Potter series is just awesome and also this is fanfiction, but I still own nothing. Damn. Also, I mean no copyright infringement intended. I also use full names for my characters every new chapter. I hope that doesn't bother anyone. Characters' Deaths, OC, OOC, Language, Gore, Some AU & Some Canon, Hopefully a Good Dumbledore, RW GW MW Bashing. Harry and Hermione are both born in 1980, cause the canon one seems to confuse me. And Hermione's middle name is Jean. And feel free to tell me some things that need to be worked on. I'm my own worst critic anyways. Also, if you all think I need a beta, I am so open to the idea. I do tend to confuse my POVs. ~Italics without quotation marks are thoughts and flashbacks AND spells ~Italics with quotation marks are more ' expressed' ~Italics with bold are the telepathic connection Enjoy! Chapter One It was later in the day of Harry Potter, Ronald Weasley, and Hermione Granger's adventure to save Harry's wrongly framed godfather, Sirius Black. They had traveled back in time a few hours with a time turner Hermione had been using all year, to save Sirius and Buckbeak - a Hippogriff - after they had failed the first time. Sirius was supposed to be a murderer, but he was framed by his old friend Peter Pettigrew, who had also betrayed Harry's parents, their own best friends, James and Lily Potter. Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew, Remus Lupin, and James Potter were best friends and Marauders – pranksters since they had first attended Hogwarts. Lily was added to the list since she married James - after trying to avoid him for years - and they had conceived their son, Harry. They later found out a prophecy was made about him and the parents went to extreme measures to hide with their child, but Peter betrayed their trust, resulting in James and Lily being killed by the dark Lord Voldemort on October 31, 1981, leaving Harry an orphan and framing Sirius, who was sent to Azkaban with no trial. However, when Voldemort tried to kill one year old Harry, his killing curse rebounded from the protection of his mother's love and Voldemort had to flee as his corporal form was destroyed. Years later – now – Harry had found out the truth about everything, and nearly went ballistic, but with Hermione's help, he had remained calm as they explored the truths he was told. Hermione was thinking all this over and realized she was in love with her best friend, Harry. They had been very close this year and she loved it. Sure, they were always close since they first met, but this year seemed like they were even closer...and he was more attentive and caring. She would never tell him though, fearing she'd ruin their friendship, which she cherished more than anything and would never leave him for anything. That's love, right ? She thought and her heart jumped a beat, seeming to agree. "Hi, 'Mione," Harry whispered, as he plopped down next to her. Startled, Hermione looked up to see her best friend's concerned emerald eyes, ones she could always get so lost in. "Harry. Why aren't you sleeping?" "I could ask you the same thing," Harry replied, smiling. "And I'm surprised you're not flipping out on me about the nickname," She smiled back. "Just thinking, plus I like the new nickname," Harry looked into the blazing fire wondering what could distract her so much that she didn't even mind the nickname. Hermione looked at her best friend out of the corner of her eye, noticing his jet black hair - messy as usual - his wide glasses that seemed to be always falling off and his chiseled chest. She flushed. His chest is amazing, probably like the rest of him. She cleared her throat before speaking again. "Are you going back to the Dursley's?" Harry's eyes darkened and he shrugged before answering. "Depends if they clear Sirius before school lets out," She nodded thoughtfully. He then looked at her and studied her features. She had a lithe, skinny figure that seemed to blossom in the right areas and her brown bushy hair was now perfectly wavy instead. Her brown eyes reminded him of cinnamon every time and they seemed to sparkle with every emotion...and at this moment, he was pretty sure he saw love. That's when Harry felt giddy and his heart soared. Sirius had thought they were dating, to which Harry denied. Sirius then told him that maybe they should be, which sparked Harry's curiosity and a feeling that he had felt deep down since he first met her. "That would be pretty awesome for you, wouldn't it?" She asked happily. He smiled. She always did care for me, more so then Ron, who was with us until he was bit by Professor Lupin. Still, his track record sucks compared to her. "Thanks for caring. At least someone does," Hermione cringed, hating that no one saw the Harry Potter that she does. "I'll always care, Harry. You're my best friend. I love you," He grinned. "Thanks 'Mione, I love you too," She didn't notice the double meaning until Harry moved closer, and then she clicked everything into place, too late though. Harry saying I love you, moving closer, always checking on her and always there for her. It's love, right? She turned to him to say something, but his face was inches from hers, green eyes locking on her brown eyes. "Harry…" "Hm?" He asked, moving even closer. Hermione forgot all thoughts as his soft lips connected with hers. She thought she had died and went to Heaven! That's how happy she was right now. She pressed her lips harder against his and he slipped his tongue into her mouth. She was shocked, but then she realized she liked it and pulled him closer. Harry then deepened the kiss even more as he moved one arm behind her to feel her curly hair and wrapped his other arm around her waist to pull her onto his lap, making him groan. She moaned as she lifted her arms to reach around his neck, both fighting for dominance as their tongues clashed and she pressed herself into his lap. After a few minutes, they both pulled back briefly to catch their breath, emerald eyes gazing into her cinnamon eyes. Hermione leaned away from him to lay on the couch, pulling him with her and he managed to keep his weight off her. She realized then that she didn't want that though. She wanted him closer. But we're still young… Harry seemed to be having the same conflict as he looked into her eyes. She stroked his cheek softly. "I know, Harry…" He was seriously thanking the stars for someone like her and leaned into her hand, before kissing it. He then nuzzled into her neck, kissing it, making her moan his name softly as he whispered hers. His lips are magic! She thought as she pressed her body against his and her hands stayed firmly on his back. Harry pulled back, making her frown in disappointment. He chuckled at this. "So, will you be my girlfriend?" His husky voice from the passion made her shiver. "Of course," She whispered as she raised her head to his and kissed him deeply, pouring all her love into it. "I love you," Harry was shocked to feel love from her - from anyone, really - and realized he couldn't live without her. "I love you more," He whispered. "Forever," Hermione felt her heart beat faster. "Forever," She agreed breathlessly. "Till the end," He smiled. He could spend the rest of his life with her, no problem. "Till the end," She kissed him. OoOoOoOoOoO Dobby, the freed house elf that was hired to the Hogwarts Castle, went to the Gryffindor common room to get it ready for the day when he saw Master Harry and his Missus Grangy asleep on the couch wrapped in each other's arms. Dobby smiled and was going to leave them alone until Dobby noticed a little note on the floor. It asked Dobby to please put them in their beds before everyone woke up, and Dobby did so, smiling. "They finally see," Dobby said and clapped his hands as he cleaned the Gryffindor common room. Upstairs, after a few hours, Hermione woke up blissfully. She stretched and smiled, remembering Harry's passion giddily and couldn't wait to see him. As she showered and dressed, she wondered how they'd tell everyone that they were dating. Going to Hogsmeade together will be obvious enough . In the boys' dormitory, Harry woke up, also blissfully. He smiled as he remembered last night and got up, excited to see Hermione again. He wanted them to go to Hogsmeade together, without Ron. Harry frowned. He still had to tell Ron that they were dating. He shrugged. Only person I care about is Hermione. He showered, got dressed and entered the common room in record time, excited for the day and that was when he noticed his beautiful girlfriend reading a plaque on the fireplace mantel. He admired her tanned legs in black shorts with green sandals and a green tee shirt that fitted perfectly. Harry smirked. She's saying that she's mine by wearing green. Oh, how I love that girl. And she looks beautiful with her damp curls...curls I want to feel again . Hermione eyed the plaque critically as she started to wonder if she had missed Harry. Harry came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her. He felt her jump slightly, and then heard her chuckle a little bit. "Morning, Harry," She greeted and turned in his arms to face him. "I thought I missed you for a second," He was grinning and his green eyes sparkled. He was wearing a white tee shirt with black shorts and black sandals. She liked how he looked very much. "Morning, beautiful," He greeted and kissed her softly. She sighed in his mouth before deepening it, holding him close. This is what I was waiting for. They were so lost in each other that they didn't hear the rest of the Gryffindor's come in and stop in shock. Soon enough, wolf whistles and cat calls interrupted them, but no sound was heard from Ginevra and Ronald Weasley. Harry gently pulled away from Hermione to look at the crowd that gathered as Hermione blushed and buried her head in his shoulder. "Whoo Harry!" Dean Thomas called. "Way to go, Hermy," Lavender Brown called. "Kiss that-," "-Girl!" Hermione took a deep calming breath and looked at everyone. "Don't you all have something to do?" She asked with her hand on Harry's waist. Everyone laughed, cat called and wolf whistled as they left. They didn't even notice the youngest Weasley's. "That was embarrassing," Hermione muttered. "Better get used to it," Harry said as pulled her closer. "Will you accompany me to Hogsmeade?" She smiled, forgetting all about the Gryffindors. "Was there any doubt?" He laughed and twirled her as they left, making her laugh. Ron felt hurt that they didn't tell him, but he was more furious and jealous than anything, since Harry got his girl. Ginny was just furious. She loved Harry and would get him back. OoOoOoOoOoO Harry and Hermione were sitting in the field beside the Black Lake comfortably. The trip wasn't until after lunch, but the cat calls and wolf whistles became too much so they had escaped outside to relax and wait for after lunch. Hermione was sitting between Harry's legs with his arms wrapped around her and his head resting on her shoulder. She leaned her head on his and closed her eyes, enjoying the day. She had written a note – only because she was excited or else it would have been a long letter – to her parents saying how