Disclaimer: Major, major, I REPEAT, MAJOR, spoilers for Mockingjay and possibly Catching Fire as well. I recommend not reading this if you haven't read those books yet and don't want all the important stuff to be ruined. Spoilers include character deaths, event spoilers, the works. I HAVE WARNED YOU. That said, eh. I don't really like how this fic turned out, but I can't find the time or energy to revise it. To my DC fans who may have followed me as an author, sorry ^_^;; I wanted to try out for the Starvation forum. This is my first time writing anything for THG and I admit that my information may have gone a tad askew. Apologies in advance for that. . . . . In a Flash of Chrysal and Azure . . They strap me down in a chair. By now, I know struggling is hopeless; the bindings are stronger than steel. Nevertheless, I try to break free. I resist, thrashing against the straps that bind me. Discolored bruises stain my arms and legs where the thick straps dig into my skin. But I have to break free, I have to get back. Katniss… I am in a bare, small room. There is a seemingly blank wall in front of me, but I know that it will flicker to life when they want to show me something. The chair, my prison, is the only piece of furniture in the room. Everything is a dull, dull gray. A man enters. I don't recognize him. He is holding a syringe of luminous green liquid. Tracker jacker venom. When his hand moves slightly, I see another syringe, but it's crystal blue. "Don't move, and this will hurt a lot less than it needs to." The man's voice is a monotone. His eyes are dark, glassy, unreadable. Has this happened before? I can't remember. What? Apparently I blanked out for awhile, because the syringe holding the blue liquid is empty. Which means… Oh no . I frantically wriggle around, trying to break free. I see a puncture hole on my arm. " Peeta ," a syrupy cold voice croons. It's not coming from the man, who has settled in a corner and seems to be a statue now. " Peeta… " Who could it be? I strive to break the bonds, digging deep grooves into my skin. " Calm down, Peeta, " the voice drones, and suddenly I'm still. " Why don't you stay a bit longer? We could have so much fun… " Of course I'll stay. Why wouldn't I? I stare at the bruises on my arms. How did those get there? Why would I want to leave? We're going to have fun. Break free! Go! Why? " Good, Peeta, " the voice intones, silky and snake-like. " Now… let's have a little chat, why won't we? " Sure. I love chats. It's my favorite thing to do. Especially with my new friend. Katniss! A voice inside me screams. You need to struggle! You love bread, you love baking, you love Katniss! "Katniss…" I mumble. The word seems vaguely familiar. Suddenly, the voice takes on a colder tone. " Ah yes, your friend Katniss. You don't like her. We— do not like her. No. " I'm confused. I don't like Katniss, do I? You love her. Katniss Everdeen. "I love her…" I mumble. The voice is almost harsh now. " No, you hate her. It's because of her that you're trapped. She killed everyone in your district. Your family. Your friends. Your home. She is horrible, a terrible person. You hate her with every fiber of your soul. " I guess I do. No, I know I do. How dare she! She killed my parents, my brothers! There were so many innocent people in District Twelve! I seethe with anger. Katniss Everdeen will pay. But there is a little voice inside of me that screams to stop listening. Something about a blue liquid. Somehow the voice sees the conflict on my face. " The green vial, " the voice orders, and the man complies. " Just stay still, Peeta. " Okay. I'll stay still. I like green. However, when the man injects the liquid in me, a burning fire takes hold. I scream, long and shrill. "It hurts, it hurts, it hurts !" Suddenly, everything is crystal clear. They're trying to hijack me— but I won't let them. The pain has snapped me awake, taken away the effect of whatever that vile blue liquid did to me. The man pulls out a clear liquid and injects me. The pain suddenly stops. Why is it that I'm in the middle of an ocean? Is that a fish swimming through that man's skull? Katniss? Is that you? But something's wrong. Her eyes are lifeless. Wordlessly, she collapses, and her figure scatters into blinding, glittering shards that pierce me. I'm hallucinating, I'm hallucinating, I'm hallucinating— It's the tracker jacker venom, I tell myself. But I'm starting to go woozy— " Peeta? How are you doing? " It's the voice again. I growl. "Just shut up. You can't break me. I love Katniss, you're my enemy, and I will never be taken by the likes of you." " Oh, but Peeta, " there is an eerie, dry laugh, " you already have been taken. " Then the screen in front of me flickers to life. " Everything you see in front of you is true. This is no hallucination. Maybe you'll understand after you finish. Bye bye, Peeta. Enjoy the show. " Suddenly, the clear liquid seems to kick in, terminating my hallucinations, taking my lucidity as well. And then a video starts. The resolution is stunning, the colors are bright and vivid. It's almost like real life. No, it is real life. I see us when we're little, and Katniss is killing the flowers. She's destroying them, without a thought as to their lives. No, she'd never do that. But there she is, crushing them. And this is true, after all. I've never liked her. I knew she was bad from the start. You love her, she's your life. She stole bread from my house one day. You gave it to her, to help her survive. My mother slapped me for it. She always slapped me, she hated me. Katniss breaks the laws, she hunts with some other Seam boy called Gale. Even though the video doesn't elaborate much on his character, I know instantly that I dislike him. Birds of a feather flock together. Stop it! The only reason you may dislike Gale is because he was so close to Katniss. Lies. We are reaped. I can see the ruthless gleam in her cold gray eyes, and how she manipulates people into her favor. She has no idea, the effect she has. Break through, Peeta! You love her, you love her, you love her— Katniss mercilessly kills a sweet little girl called Rue. So innocent, so sweet, how could she do that? She sets fire to our supplies, she snaps a boy's neck and destroys him. Katniss would never— s he shoots an arrow through the boy from One. She slashes my leg, and I cry out in pain and betrayal. I knew she was terrible from the start. No, no — The voice inside my head is annoying. I refuse to fooled by this female any longer; and I block it out. As I stare at the screen, eyes glued to the wall, my hand unconsciously reaches for my leg. The skin is soft, normal, but there's a stiffness to it that undeniably means that my leg is fake— solid proof. Katniss slashed my leg, nearly killed me, left me out to bleed to death. I can't believe I ever thought I loved her, I spit silently, watching as she deliberately kills a redhead with poisonous berries. She fakes loving me. For the time being, I believe it's true, but right now I can see the lies already brewing behind those spiteful gray eyes. She tells me later, on the ride back to Twelve, that it was all a lie. Without even a thought to my feelings, she flips her shining dark hair and walks away, leaving me crushed. It will never happen again. The rest of the video goes on to prove the monster Katniss Everdeen is. There are angry red marks on my palms from where my nails dug into my skin. I hate her. " Peeta, welcome back. " I've been here before? Who is this man? Where is the voice coming from? A man injects a strange blue liquid in me, then leaves. " I'm President Snow, " the voice croons, as if answering my questions. " You're a very special boy, Peeta. " My name is Peeta. Peeta— Peeta what? " There's nothing to worry about. " I'm instantly calm. " Last time, we learned the truth about one of your so called friends. She deceived everyone, Peeta. Everyone but us. " I remember now. I spit out the girl's name with venom. "Katniss." " Yes… her. " The voice is dripping malice now. " She destroyed everyone, Peeta. She killed your family. She played you for a fool. Everyone thinks she's amazing, that she is a savior. But we know the truth, don't we? " Yes. We know the horrible person Katniss is on the inside. There is a worm of doubt wriggling in my brain. Didn't I once like this girl? Didn't I … love her? " So many innocent people, Peeta. Her hands are forever stained with the crimson blood of those she killed. She's a hunter, you know. " Yes, I recall this. She used to hunt with her bow and arrow. "She's very good at hunting," I mumble. " And then she moved from killing animals to killing people. It's terrible that we have to do this… " the voice seems to sigh, " but we must kill her before she can do anymore harm. Can you do that Peeta? You are the one who deserves the honor for this revenge, after all. " I feel my blood begin to boil. I must kill this beast, this mutt. She's a warped, disfigured disgrace of a human being. " Your mother loved you, you know. Even though she never told you. You were deprived of your mother's warmth because she writhed in jealously of Katniss. Because your father once loved her mother. Even from a young age, Katniss Everdeen was demolishing your life. Look what she's done. And now you can never have it back. Avenge those you love, Peeta. " The voice is sugary, utterly mesmerizing. "I'll kill her with my bare hands," I snarl, fists clenching. " Good, good. Glad you understand, Peeta. " Has this happened before? How long have I been in here? I can't remember… but I don't mind. I know the two priorities in my life. One is to please the voice. The second is to kill Katniss Everdeen. I've heard rumors about the Capitol hijacking people. They make them forget who they are, make them become their lackeys. But I know I can't be hijacked, I know exactly who I am. I am Peeta. I know, with crystal clarity, about the love from my father and the happiness of baking. I know every detail of my past. And I know exactly how cruel and heartless Katniss is. One day, President Snow tells me that he's going to release me. " But you see, Peeta, " he chuckles, voice still as dismembered as before, " we are going to be very clever about it. " I am sitting in a comfortable chair. The indents and wears on the chair suggests that they once used it to bind some poor soul up. But not me, because they know I never would try and escape. After all, it would be absolutely ridiculous. Why would I want to leave?