(Okay, so, I know this is a really long prologue and prologues aren't usually lengthy, but the rest of the story takes place four years afterwards so I didn't want to make it a chapter if the actual story doesn't happen til later. If that makes sense. :P) Anyway, hi. Long time no see. I haven't published anything in a while. I know I said I was working on Flightless Bird but my motivation for that went out the window for some reason. I fully intend on getting back to it eventually but at the moment the new version is still in the early stages; I haven't exactly done much with it in six months. Somehow I ended up with the idea for Bumps almost a month ago, and here I am. I really love this story so far and I'm proud of myself for actually writing it and enjoying what I've written, and I hope you like it too! As the summary suggests, it's a rocky love story, so bear with me. Enjoy for now! PROLOGUE: August 22, 2010 Bella I still remember the day she was born like it was yesterday. And in a way, it was. At least for me. On my due date, August twenty-second, 2010, my water broke at three in the morning after a long day of mounting contractions and complaining (I still tease my father about making it up to him since he had to stay home with me all day and probably hated every second of it). I woke up to an unpleasant gush of fluid between my legs and a particularly violent contraction hit me a second later. I yelled for Charlie and he barreled into my bedroom straight away. "Call the hospital," I gasped, the small room spinning. "Let them know we're—we're coming. Ohhh…" I moaned. Ouch. Too panicked to reply, he ran downstairs two at a time and made a brief ruckus in the kitchen (I think he tripped over his own damn shadow, the poor guy). He spoke hurriedly into the phone for thirty seconds—I timed it along with the next contraction—then I heard him rush outside to start the car. I forced myself to sit up, cautious and slow, racking my brain for memories of my birthing classes and how to breathe properly. Perched at the edge of my bed, I waited for my heart to stop pounding, holding my belly instinctively. Despite my fear and the anxiety brewing inside, a couple little nudges against my palms somehow made me feel better. I was gonna take care of my girl and she was gonna take care of me. "Hey." Charlie walked back in, red-faced and panting. I took one look at his wide, nervous brown eyes and totally lost it; tears burned my vision and a sob ripped its way from my chest. I dropped my face into my hands, frightened to death. Naturally, Charlie grew even more concerned and came to sit beside me, putting an arm around my tense shoulders in an unexpected (yet welcome) fatherly gesture. "What hurts?" he demanded. "What's the matter, Bells?" His voice shook. "I'm so scared," I wept, leaning into him helplessly. Wet trails dripped down my cheeks and I tasted salt on my quivering lips. "I'm so fucking scared, Dad. I've had nine months to—to get ready for this but now it's finally happening and I just don't know what to—to do—God, what is wrong with me?!" I punched my knee angrily. "Why did I have to go get knocked up by some drunk loser—" "Shhh," Charlie soothed, tucking a loose lock of hair behind my ear. "That's not important right now, honey. Look at me." He tilted my chin up with his finger and tapped my nose like he used to when I was little, which only made me cry harder for another reason. We had a weird relationship back then, about as weird as a teenage girl and her single father could have. Not to mention getting pregnant only seemed to alienate me from him entirely even though he tried his best to be supportive and understanding. I'd lived with him in Forks since I was twelve after my mom and her fiancé died in the car accident that permanently altered my life. I only saw him during the summer up until that point, so you'd think five years of being together after that would eventually bring us closer. We did at first, I think, and we were getting somewhere in our coexistent relationship—but then a damned pink plus sign popped up and I reverted back to feeling alone and lost. So for Charlie to be near me and to treat me like I wasn't a fuck up like everyone else I knew, I was surprised. I shouldn't have been, though—I knew he loved me with everything he had and wasn't about to disown me. All he cared about, all he ever cared about, was the safety of his daughter and grandchild. Even if things were happening too soon and before I'd even graduated from high school, we were his first priority. That would never change. Not in a thousand years or a million. "It—it's okay to be scared," he continued quietly, slightly uncomfortable with having to give a Paternal Pep Talk. "I am, too. But—but we shouldn't let that stop us from being excited for what's coming. Sure, I always thought you would be a bit older and in a relationship before you started having kids, but what's done is done and we'll just have to accept that. I love you anyway." He cleared his throat and blinked rapidly; apparently this was emotional for him as well. "I love you anyway," he said again, squeezing my shoulder. "And—and, yeah. You'll be fine. You're both healthy, you can do this." I laughed through my tears, dabbing at my cheeks with my shirt sleeve. Just like that, Charlie went from sentimental and dad-like to giving one final awkward piece of encouragement. But I was grateful, more than I could ever say. That meant a lot. Charlie remembered to pick up my hospital bag, which had been sitting below my rocking chair for three weeks, and he led me gently down the stairs, patiently yet anxiously. My contractions felt like really strong menstrual cramps; I tried my best through the pain to count how many seconds or minutes they lasted during the drive to the hospital. I held onto my father's hand, probably crushing his fingers, but he didn't seem to mind much. He kept looking over at me, uneasiness etched onto his face. I felt a wave of nausea as we rolled into the parking lot. The building suddenly seemed bigger than I remembered. For a moment I imagined thunder and lightning cracking over the roof like we were about to enter a villain's dark creepy castle. I had to waddle carefully alongside Charlie as we walked, gripping his elbow and hoping I wasn't about to pass out from pain. The nurse manning the front desk glanced up when we came in, offering a kind smile when she recognized me. It's a smaller hospital so I guess she must have seen me around after my weekly doctor's visits at some point. Charlie told her my name and that I was obviously here to have a baby. Without a hint of judgment in her maternal gaze, she nodded and looked me up on her ancient computer. I paid attention to every little sound around me, like the clicking of her nails on the keyboard as she typed. Phones rang, doors slammed, wheels squeaked, doctors conversed. A loud baby cried. "Okey dokey, Miss Swan," the nurse said in a chipper voice, turning towards me and smiling again. She reminded me of my mother, innocent blue eyes and all. My throat tightened; the birth of my child wasn't supposed to happen without her—and yet, here I was, accompanied by Charlie and no one else. Grief replaced my embarrassment. I wanted my mother. The nurse told us where to find my room. Charlie guided me down a couple of long hallways until we reached the doors to the maternity ward. I pointedly avoided looking at the nursery when we passed, afraid of possibly seeing a baby in a glass incubator with tubes and wires connected to its fragile body. (I know now that sick babies would actually be in the NICU but I wasn't going to take the chance that the one time I arrived to give birth, they had switched things around.) Nausea hit me once more at the thought of something happening to my baby—Jesus, no. I told myself to think positive instead. My room was tiny, but cozy. Charlie turned on the light and set my hospital bag down on a chair in the corner under the television mounted on the wall. Troubled, I eyed the heart monitor and other mysterious labor-related machines next to the bed for a minute or so, my mind racing. There was a small table with a white padded blanket draped across it—my baby would be there soon, wriggling and wailing as the nurses weighed her and tended to her vitals. Holy crow. It's happening . My favorite nurse, Tabitha, walked in, breaking my trance. She was about my height, skinny and petite, with smooth skin the color of coffee and thick dark hair that fell in small ringlets to her shoulders. She waggled her fingers at me, grinned at Charlie, then stepped forward and offered me the pale pink gown she carried in her hands. She smiled apologetically. "You know the drill," she joked as I took it, pretending to be disgusted at the thought of putting it on. She laughed. "It's okay, babe. This is one of our new gowns, and it's never been worn by anyone else. I picked it out for you." She winked and my mouth fell open in surprise. She didn't have to do that. I got emotional, touched by her thoughtfulness. It almost seemed too good to be true, like things were about to take a turn for the worst and I'd wind up with an awful doctor who laughs at and shames seventeen-year-old pregnant girls. (Although I was the only seventeen-year-old pregnant girl at the time. I knew that for sure because Forks is a small town with just one high school so naturally I was a hot topic all year.) Maybe I exaggerated earlier when I said people treated me differently when I got pregnant. I did get lots of funny looks, could hear my classmates gossiping under their breath, and generally wasn't as well-liked as I used to be. But nobody I knew was ever like, "You're a dumb slut, we can't be friends anymore, you make us look bad." They saw me as a new person rather than clumsy, studious old Bella, but over time my small group of friends just wanted to look after me and defended me against others who weren't so kind. My closest friend, Angela Weber, often took me to my appointments and helped me keep track of my weekly changes in a mini calendar and notebook. I thought of her now, thankful for her kindness above anything else. She was definitely the first person other than Charlie who I wanted my daughter to meet. I changed into the silky hospital gown and gingerly climbed onto the bed, cuddling up beneath the thin sheet, freezing. I closed my eyes and breathed through another contraction while Tabitha strapped the baby monitors across my tummy. It picked up my girl's heartbeat immediately and I gasped softly when the hollow thumping met my ears. It was amazing. "Is she okay?" I asked Tabitha, who was getting an IV ready. I spotted the needle in her hand and felt like crying again. "Yup," Tabitha responded cheerfully. "Everything looks good. I'm gonna check your dilation in a minute, though, okay?" Great. As much as