AN: ok new story! The credit for this story goes to Lusse Eldalion Legolas gasped as he sat up in bed tears streaming down his face; he had been having nightmares almost every night since the spider attack. Each night he had woken up and curled up under his covers and cried until he passed out from emotional exhaustion except not tonight, Legolas was exhausted and scared and all he wanted was his ada or his brothers someone to protect him from these terrifying dreams. He had tried to handle the nightmares himself up till then but Legolas was at his limit and so he slid out of his bed as quietly as he could tears streaming down his pale face; Legolas tried to wipe all his tears away he was tired of crying in fact he was surprised he even had any tears left. He slipped out of his room and padded down the halls toward his father's study as he edged closer he heard hushed voiced Legolas pulled back remembering his father's lecture about listening in. The little elfling pouted he wanted his ada, Legolas settled down to wait in the cold corridors and before he knew it he had fallen swiftly to sleep curled up outside his father's study. Thranduil sighed as the meeting finally came to a close he rubbed his eyes in exhaustion he knew instinctively how late it was without even having to look at the position of the moon. His advisors filed out "my lord" one of his advisors called his king from the hall. Thranduil wanted to shout what is it now but he schooled his emotions and walked over to the doorway where he was met with a very shocking site. There curled up outside his door was Legolas; his little body was curled up in a tight ball to block the chill of the hall and there were tear streaks on his tiny face, the advisors quickly excused themselves from the hall leaving the king and his son alone. Thranduil kneeled down and gently picked up his son Legolas moaned snuggling into his father's warmth as he slept on. The king walked down the hall to his chambers. The guards opened the doors for their king slight smiles on their faces as they looked at their youngest prince he was so adorable. Thranduil placed his son gently onto his bed unwinding his robes from the little elfling's hands he tucked his Greenleaf safely under the covers and went to change once he was ready for bed he carefully blew out the candles and joined his son. Legolas instinctively curled into his father's side and they both slept soundly. Legolas yawned and stretched as he opened his little eyes he instantly recognized that he was in his father's chambers he turned and smiled at his father's sleeping form. Suddenly the little elfling got an idea he giggled softly as he stood up on the bed ready to jump on his father; he bent his little knees and jumped but before he could make contact two hands reached out and grabbed him mid jump Legolas let out a squeal as his ada brought him closer into a hug "just what were you trying to do" Thranduil laughed as his son stuck his tongue out at him he brought the little elfling's belly to his mouth and blew on it Legolas let out peals and peals of laughter "Daro ada…daro" Legolas called out between his laughter. Thranduil stopped smiling at his little Greenleaf the elfling smiled brightly at his ada as his laughter turned into giggles. "Quel Amrun ion nin" "Quel Amrun" Legolas replied back "Why were you outside my study last night penneth" Legolas's smile disappeared and the boy looked down. Thranduil lifted Legolas's chin and he searched the little face "I had a nightmare and I didn't want to be alone" "A nightmare" Thranduil questioned he pulled his son into his lap "tell me about it ion Nin" "The spiders came and got me they came through my window and no one came to save me" Legolas griped his father tightly "it's ok penneth there's no need to be scared" he turned Legolas around and looked at his son in the eyes "Legolas I or your brothers will always be there to protect you do you understand" Legolas nodded but there was uncertainty in his blue eyes "come let's get something to eat then I have something to show you" Thranduil got up and dressed he sat down on the bed to brush his hair. Then he reached out and scooped Legolas into his arms "come little one lets go get you all dressed" Thranduil smiled as he let the young elf pick out his own clothes which consisted of a light blue tunic and gray leggings. Thranduil smiled it was much better than the green and bright blue that Legolas so often favored. Once the little elfling was dressed Thranduil brushed and braided his son's hair in a single pleat to keep it out of his eyes. He then took his sons hand and they walked together down to breakfast. Arahael was the only other one there he had gotten back a week earlier and was already settling back into his duties his trip to lothlorien had been a huge success and he had even met a girl there not that he would tell any of them who she was. He looked up and greeted his father before turning to little Legolas he smiled at his little brother who forced a small smile his mind still occupied by his nightmare. Arahael frowned slightly but he let it slide if Legolas was with Thranduil then it was likely the king already knew what was troubling his little brother. Legolas sat down and quietly ate his grapes and oatmeal. Thalion and Verrethel joined them a few moments later Legolas finished his meal quickly and turned to his ada "What are you going to show me ada" Legolas said he stood on his chair to make him taller. All three of Thranduil's sons turned to look at their father curiously. "Legolas had a nightmare last night and so I'm going to show him how safe we all are here" he looked over at Legolas "were going to go see the warrior training" Legolas's eyes widened "Really" "Yes" Legolas's eyes shone with excitement "Legolas" Arahael asked "Yes" "How long have you been having these nightmares" on a normal occasion Legolas would have lied and said just last night but he was so excited he didn't even think about lying "Since I got released from the healing house" "But that was a month ago" Thalion gaped at his brother as Legolas realized what he had said the elfling looked down "Legolas why haven't you said anything" "I'm a big elf, I can handle it myself" "Legolas just because you're big doesn't mean you can't need help I do all the time" Arahael stated the others all nodded "You do" they all nodded and Thranduil scooped up Legolas into his arms "Besides" the king stated "to me you will always be a little elfling just like all three of your brothers" said brothers all groaned and Legolas giggled. "Can we go now ada" Legolas bounced in his father's arms Thranduil smiled and nodded. Thalion stood up "You can see your big brother in action today" "Don't you have court duties today?" "Yes but not until after the mid-day meal" "Lucky you I've got meetings all morning" Arahael said "I'm going down to the healing house have fun little Greenleaf" Legolas smiled brightly and his brothers smiled back. The three made their way out to the training fields Thalion ran ahead so he wouldn't be late as Legolas and Thranduil walked along Legolas pulling is father to get him to hurry while Thranduil just laughed at his excited little boy. There was a crowd of warriors around the two fighting elves they were all too busy cheering to notice the new arrivals Legolas hopped up trying to see something. Thranduil smiled and when his son hopped again he reached out and caught him pulling him up and onto his shoulders. Legolas whooped and smiled as he settled on his ada's shoulders he watched with awe his little fingers fisting into his ada's hair. Thranduil winced at the small tug of his hair but let it go after all with 4 sons this was most certainly not the first time his hair had been pulled. Legolas cheered as his brother fought another elf their swords swinging at incredible speeds and power his brother was so good he was almost on constant offense finally he got the other elf disarmed and off his feet Legolas watched as his brother reached out to help the other elf up. Thalion turned and smiled at his little brothers look of awe in truth Thalion wasn't a very arrogant elf he didn't care about status or anything like that but he had always loved hat Legolas looked up to him more than anyone, well anyone besides adar. Legolas was in complete and total awe he hoped one day he would be as amazing as his brother. They watched for a little while longer before Thranduil turned to walk off "ada where are we going" "Don't you want to see the archery range?" "Archery isn't as fun as sword fighting" "How would you know that you haven't watched archery before?" "Thalion told me" "Do you believe everything your brothers tell you?" "Not everything unless it's Arahael because he's smart" Thranduil laughed "How about this if you don't like the archery we'll come back ok" "Ok" Legolas nodded he began to braid a piece of his father's hair as he perched on his father's shoulders. "Legolas we're here" Legolas looked up from his braid and his eyes widened he watched with apt attention. This was so different form the sword fighting it was quiet except for the random notes from the archery master as he fixed their stances. He didn't entirely know why he was so astounded with it but he was he held his breath as an archer readied as if in anticipation and cheered quietly as it hit the target Thranduil smiled at his sons quiet cheering. Legolas squirmed on his father's lap "ada can I get down please I want to get a closer look" "As long as you promise to stay 2 feet behind them at all time" "I promise I promise" Thranduil set his little elfling down and watched as he ran forward stopping just within two feet but Thranduil let it slide. Legolas watched the elves studying their stances and how they drew their bow his little eyes took in everything. The field master smiled at the young boy and kneeled down next to him "Hello little prince" "Hello" Legolas bowed and the elf smiled "Would you like to get closer" Legolas nodded but then he pouted a bit "I can't ada said not to get closer than this" Legolas then smiled "I'll go ask him and be right back" Legolas sped away the field master smiled at the avid young prince and went to talk to their star archer "Ada" Legolas jumped up and down in front of his father "What penneth" Legolas quickly explained what had transpired "Can I ada please" "Yes go" he stated the little elf turned and ran back over. The archery master scooped up the little elfling and stood a little over to the side he introduced the elfling to the archer and Thranduil smiled as Legolas and the elf shook hands. Legolas was astounded as he watched the archer ready his boy and in quick succession he fired arrow after arrow into the target Legolas couldn't believe the speed and accuracy as all the arrows gathered in a clump just to the right but still in the center of the bull's-eye. Finally