Disclaimer/Full disclosure: I envisioned her as much older than she is in the book. 16, 17 or so. Almost on par with everyone else, despite everyone seeing her as the innocent girl they need to protect. It's an interesting dynamic to think about and if she was older, wouldn't it be natural they'd find each other? Also, I don't own HG or the characters, Suzanne Collins does. And since I have to be in love with someone Since I need to be in love with someone Maybe I could be in love with someone Like you... "Nobody Needs to Know" from The Last Five Years She looks nothing like her sister. The hard, determined look he found so often on her sister's face is nowhere on her's. Everything about her is soft: her voice, her features, her skin. Even next to her now, with her lips parted, the soft breath that escapes is barely enough to stir him. Her sister was a whirlwind. Her sister had the capability to blow apart his seams with a single look. The woman besides him now weaves him back together again. He rolls on to his side and grips her neck. She jolts awake, those soft features furrowing, for a brief second, into a look of concern. He pulls her close to him. He presses her lips to his and, with such force, they kiss. His hands slide up her skin, tracing all of her parts. Even under the blankets, in the safety of the heated room, she is cool to touch. She responds to him, angling herself so she can be closer. She takes her hands and enjoins them behind his back. She is nothing he wants and everything he needs. Three weeks. It had been three weeks before he ended at her doorstep and started watching the Games together. It was always the same. He would venture over and she would welcome him. They would sit on the couch, shoulder to shoulder. Her mother would stare at the projection with the same lifeless expression every time. With each hour that passed, her mother's shoulders would slump and her breath would catch until she finally didn't even watch at all. She just existed. And each time the girl on fire appeared on the screen, they would shudder. On the screen, she weaved in and out of the woods with a grace he'd come to miss. She hunted, she plotted and she survived. And every time from besides him, her sister would cry. When the boy with the bread's name escaped his girl on fire's lips, he gave up everything. She was determined. She wanted to find the boy with the bread and would risk her life to do so. From that moment, there were kisses and whispers and they would sleep next to each other. And from that moment, he reached down across the couch and picked up the softest hand. And she had gripped it. He hears the door slam downstairs and the rhythm of his brothers across the hardwood floor. "You need to go," he mutters between kisses. "Hurry, before they come up, or—." Or they'll see. She sits up and dangles her legs over the edge of his bed. She reaches around, clasps her bra and pulls on her underthings. He takes a shameless moment to stare at her. She obliges, holding the rest of her clothes to her side in one hand. How many times have they done this? Will he ever get tired of this sight: the long blonde hair cascading down, the tiny waist, and the graceful limbs? His eyes linger on her face. Her eyes are still blurry from waking up and her cheeks flushed from his unabashed examination of her body. But beyond that, he begins to notice the way her forehead creases just like her sister's. The last time he saw that feature had been right before a clean arrow shot, right in the squirrel's eye. They had been sitting— As if she suddenly becomes aware that he was no longer seeing her, the girl takes the dress she holds bunched in her hand and throws it on. From outside the door, someone calls his name. "Go," he hisses. She hesitates. "Now!" "When will I see you next?" Her voice is barely a whisper. "Soon." He said and she leans out the window, hidden by the thick forestation surrounding the little house. With her gone, he pulls on the remainder of his clothes and ventures to the kitchen. Downstairs, his mother idly dresses the rabbit he'd caught earlier from one of his traps. The smell of wild potatoes and gravy rise up from the pot to greet him. He takes a seat next to the stove and began to stir out the lumps. "What are you doing," she asks. He looks up, but she has not turned from her work. Her fingers still pull the fur from the small body in front of her. "Stirring," he says, "Thought you needed help." She sighs audibly and puts down the game. She turns around slowly, the blood dripping from her fingers. The look she wears is frightening, so he chooses to ignore it. He's not a child she could scold anymore. "That's not what I meant." He continues stirring, long strokes that spin the gravy inside out. She moves towards him and grabs his hand, causing the spoon to slip from his grasp. "When are you going to put an end to this?" "She knows what she's doing." He replies. Without movement, the gravy begins to bubble and burn. "She's hurting," she retorts. Her voice is like the cleaver she had discarded on the butcher block next to her. It cuts through him, causing him to recoil. Her voice becomes gentler before saying, "You're hurting." He is so tired of people treating him like this, so tired of the whispers he hears behind him in the hob and the gifts they pass on to him while he tries to barter. Because they know, just as he does, that the girl on fire does not belong to the boy with the bread, but is with him nonetheless. He drops the spoon completely and stands up from the stove. He does not need her sympathy. "She's just a little girl." "No, Mother," he says, thinking of the marks that still sear his back, "She is not just a little girl." "It's going to end tonight." The man next to him nudges him. The man expects him to react, but he remains passive. "What do I care?" He asks the man. "Thought you might care if she lived or died," the man says and passes him a coin for the pheasant they were exchanging. "It's a big night. Hope the odds are in her favor." And the man grins. It takes every effort not to punch him. To some people, those who don't care who lives and who dies as long as they got a good show, she was just another tribute. He yanks the pheasant back from the man's grasp and shoves the coin in its place. "Hey!" The man objects, but he is already too far away to hear him. He walks down the beaten path to the little cottage, even smaller than his. The plants lay neglected against the walk. They are barren and shriveled and the walkway crumbles under his shoes. An orange cat hisses at his ankles, but does nothing to prevent him from knocking on the door. It is a while before it opened, but when it does, she stands behind it. It is dark inside, and her white shift stands out against the black. It had days since he last saw her. After the conversation with his mother, he had kept his distance. People are whispering, his mother had warned; don't ruin what little she has left. But here they stand- him perfectly straight and her body framed in contrasting colors, tense in anticipation. She smiles slowly because he is here and she needs him. Still, there is a sense of insecurity between them. Today would be a defining moment and their lives hang in the balance. They have an unspoken agreement not to think about what lay ahead either way it ends. He hands her the pheasant. As she crosses the room to the refrigerator, he watches her. Her sister would stomp whereas she floats. Her sister would've taken the time to stop and pluck it clean right then and there. His sister would have done everything correctly. Instead, she moves back to him and motions him inside, leaving the pheasant to rot. He should've cleaned it for her. She walks to the couch. He follows and sits where the cushion still holds his imprint. Everything is familiar, from her mother's flat stare to the brush of her sleeve against him as she sits next to him. The hologram glows in front of them, as bright as the dress she wears. And the girl on fire plays her part on the screen. They watch as the girl they love tears at the mutts. The arrows she lets lose hit their targets so perfectly well. She desperately clings to her partner, the boy with the bread. She takes on the other tribute as he lunges at her. She kills. And then, the announcement comes that only one could survive. And though it is cold and calculating, back in the district, sitting on the worn couch, he lets out a breath of appreciation. This would solve his problem. This would ensure he was the only one for her. This would put an end to everyone else's sympathy. He would finally be with the one he desired most. But deep down, he knows she won't finish it. This is the girl who gave up her life to save that of her sister. She would, undoubtedly, do the same again. Then the berries. She outsmarts even the gamemakers, holds them out and offers them to her partner. And she succeeds. The second announcement rings out and it is over. She survived. He survived. They both would be coming home. He sinks back into the folds of the couch beneath him. On the hologram, a ship flies down to pick up the boy with the bread and the girl on fire. And besides him, her sister begins to cry. There's plenty of fanfare when the train arrives. The boy with the bread gets off first. He smiles and it looks genuine. The girl on fire appears next to them, and though she smiles as well, it does not envelop her. And though he has waited for this moment for a lifetime- that moment where she would see him and he would see her and they would be together again. When she embraces her sister and they collide together, the feeling is not as he imagined it. He feels as muddy as the boy with the bread in the river. The sisters bend their heads and their limbs intertwine. People swarm around him. They clutch each other and cheer. He sees the boy with the bread limp off toward his own family. But he remains planted. From underneath outstretched arms and tears, the girl on fire meets his eyes. All this time, all he wanted… it was right here in front of him. He starts to smile. And while he carefully reminds himself of the cameras that were watching the girl on fire's every move, he forgets about her sister, who, as she clings so desperately to whatever she has left, levels her gaze at him. "You kissed her," her voice rings out against the hollowness of the empty house. They were standing in the home he's visited so often before, though no one lives here anymore. The couch sits in the corner, the projector switched off. "You kissed her." Another accusation. She swings the mug around precariously in her hand, switching from one to the other.