Disclaimer: I have no reason to lie and say I own something that I obviously don't. So there. Rating: M for a reason, descriptive sex scene Summary: Their lives were not their own, they breathed only for the other. Only to ensure that each kiss was frozen in eternity, only to be a part of their souls that were forever bound. A/N: I dedicate this to Aragorn and Arwen and the beautiful love they share. It's so soulfully sweet that every touch, every kiss is a reflection of who they are as people, as lovers. I only ask that you, the reader, treasure every word, slowly and with as much care as I did in putting their love together in a realistic, believable style. Please enjoy and review. A Frozen Kiss of Time By: Ixion of Moonlight She was fading. He could see it as she gazed upon a world that she could not touch. The sun's rays were alight within her hair and fair upon her elven skin but she did not rejoice. Her heart did not hold her joys as dear as in the past. She suffered his grief and the burden pained him. His love was causing Arwen to worry. His duties as King at times overtook his dedication to his wife. She was not jealous of his obligation. She was his Queen, his everything. But he was becoming withdrawn, further wrapped in healing a world so torn apart. As they were tearing apart. So many nights passed without his touch she could hardly remember the trace of his lilting fingertips. For a moment, he simply breathed. Like every other man in Middle Earth. He cast aside his worries to just exist. He forgot that the lives of the race of Men rested in his palms. His callused, tired-looking palms. His thoughts became intangible, floating and twisting in complexity. His wife flashed in his mind's eye and his heart wept for her. It was a crushing feeling, knowing he had led to her demise, her suffering for the end of her time. Time that was poison to inhale, time that she should have wanted. She sacrificed her immortality to be with him and he was wasting her fragile lifeline. Darkness broke the ripples of his vision. Cool, soft fingers rested upon his eyelids, reminding him of the delicate frigidness of a pale spring flower, still wet from morning's dew. Arwen's scent drifted about his awareness, lilting and pressing at his skin. "Why so weary my love?," she whispered sweet syllables across his skin. Her breath kissed the soft flesh of his ear, the gentleness with which she did so struck his heart. A deep, aching wound had been torn in his soul. A wound that plagued him over Arwen's dwindling happiness. Looking into the forever blue of her eyes the sun did not touch them as it once did. Her eyes were shadowed by the pain of her eyelashes, the window to her soul did not part for him to reveal her most intimate secrets. She was truly hidden from him, mind, body and soul. She was his wife. She had nothing to hide from his comforting embrace and loving words. He imprinted the grace of her figure forever into his mind, the way she gazed at him with her hair a dark curtain to block his troubles, his worries. Aragorn brushed his fingers gently through the strands, the pads of his fingers caressing the warmth of her skin. She trembled like a weakened leaf ready to fall under the care of his touch, so long had it been since he had last done so. "Aragorn…," his name sighed so beautifully past the fullness of her lips. Never before had he loved the sound of his name more than when she said it. But to him it was far more than saying it, she almost seemed to kiss each syllable with her beauty, her lips etched her love into each letter, every sound. He stared up at her with desperation, his neck curved against the resistance of his chair. Her eyes darkened in concern as she leaned farther above him, lingering touches along his beard as if to press him for the answer to his troubles. He grasped her hand, squeezing her delicate fingers as if to give her comfort. His hand easily covered her own and warmed the deathly cold that seemed to steal into her skin. His love had failed to warm her, so lost did she feel. Aragorn's dark, brunet locks shielded his eyes, her loss pained him so much that tears nearly sprung to his vision, unbidden. His breath had caught in his throat as agony strangled his mind. How could this be? How could she still feel for someone as heartless as he was becoming? "Come with me," his voice, rich as silk, was as much a command as it was a plea. Arwen did not hesitate in showing her trust of him as she followed his tug at her fingertips. He led her carefully but swiftly, mindful of her feminine attire that partially constricted her movements. He hoisted her onto his horse and settled behind her. The dark stallion snorted in his impatience but Aragorn was thoughtful to check that he had moved the folds of her dress from anything that could catch and tear it. He clutched the reins comfortably in a firm grip, already feeling the ease of the Ranger masking the weary King within him. For a night he would merely be the lover of Arwen. She was his soul, she had shaped him into a man worthy of her hand in marriage. She was the night that caressed his form as he slept, the air that he breathed, she was forever, she was everything to him. She was his heart as mortal as it was, he was a reflection of the love she blessed him with. Eternally by her side, she had given him her soul and he was born into the grace of her eyes. Born into the love of her heart. Darkness overlapped them, concealed them from prying eyes. The veil of night had covered the world but the stars winked down at them, soothing in their approval. Arwen smiled as his arms tightened around her sides as if to protect her from the twilight closing in. She had nothing to fear for her knight in shining armor had enclosed her soul, saving her from the depths of loneliness. His muscles were taut and comforting around her as they absorbed the shock of the muscles rising and falling beneath them. Releasing and coiling into unforgiving steel, their horse galloped swiftly to a hidden place close to the city walls of Minas Tirith. A hidden forest seemed to bloom right before Arwen's astonished eyes as they drew closer. The trees were tall as aged as they were and seemed to hold a mystical element. Vegetation was vast but did not overtake the scenery. The tinkling, crystal sounds of a waterfall were not far off. It was a safe haven for the two lovers that Aragorn himself, had found. In their times of need or despair they could flee to the caress of its cool climate and the brush of its many delicate plants. It was his gift to her and he could see the bubbling appreciation in her quivering lips and sweetened gaze. He patted the sweaty flesh of the horse's neck as thanks for the swift and relatively smooth travel. Leaving the horse to its grazing of plant delicacies, he led Arwen to a large clearing that was brushed by the moon's flowing fingertips, an enchanting touch to its already breath-taking beauty. They almost feared to touch any of what Nature had provided for them to enjoy, so perfect as it was. Aragorn broke the waking dream of its elegant leaves as he grazed their tips with the roughness of his fingers. Arwen danced before him, embraced by the moon's glowing light. On tip-toe she twirled, fingers outstretched, reaching. Her body was flowing and alive with elven grace and the night reveled in her happiness. He felt his heart lift with the gravity of her smile. She had graced him with the knowledge of her sweet laughter as it passed through his eardrums. He wished to capture the sound but it was too fleeting in its exquisiteness to ever hope to last beyond the next second. Love for him shimmered in the deep pools of her eyes as the moon kissed the loveliness of her countenance. He stood and watched her, watching him. He could not bear to break the alluring image she painted among the stars. His feet were frozen with the weight of knowing how he troubled her. Those soft glances were not hard to catch, he did not want to ruin her lasting happiness with his voice. His love would be within his eyes to preserve this escaping moment. The mortal ripples of the timbre of his voice would shatter the grace of the Heaven she had found. He couldn't bear to tear away the magic of her light breathing, the halo of moonlight settling in her hair, the stars reflected in her midnight blue eyes. He could do nothing but watch her from afar. She beckoned him with an outstretched palm, elven fingers yearning for the warmth of his lean, male fingertips. He was drawn to her side, moving without hesitation. Arwen caressed the Evenstar that hung around his neck and felt touched that he was connected to it so strongly. He refused to take off the symbol of her devotion, so willingly given. She lingered on it's brilliance for a moment and was then met with the steely blue of Aragorn's eyes. She stared deep into his soul and almost felt like mourning at what was hidden within him. He was a torn man, weary to near death but she saved him with herself. She healed him with nurturing, loving hands, supported his confidence by banishing his doubt with words saccharine with tenderness. She was his eternal savior, his angel beyond the edge of time. He felt almost helpless at how to show her his gratitude but the sparkle in her eyes every time she gazed upon him told him that she knew. With every uneven breath at her quiet touch she was unhesitating in the knowledge of his love. His every heartbeat spoke to her of his sweet feeling. She had known of his affection from the time they first met. His eyes spoke more than lips could tell in a lifetime. And so he was silent. Arwen didn't mind for his silence was as loving as his words. She traced the sweetness of his lips, full and needing the touch of her own. Her fingers left slow trickles of warmth seeping into his skin. She pressed her lips to his in that moment, passion boiling over the surface. He pressed her closer, aching for the familiarity of her nearness. Their tongues met and lingered, relishing in the heat of the other. Aragorn traced the edges of her teeth, lovingly. He had missed the taste of her, sweet and almost a delicate kind of feeling. She came to rest upon the comfort of the grass beneath their feet and simply looked at him. His heart constricted at the sight of her, her lips were lightly bruised, her breath was uneven at the beauty of this moment. She was more than he ever felt he deserved. "Estel, I am yours." Arwen whispered of forever, she was eternally bound to him. As he was to her. He pressed the warmth of his body over hers, careful to keep most of his weight balanced within the taut muscles of his arms. She sighed beneath him, the heat he radiated seeped into her skin warming her of the night's slight chill. His burning lips were restless to claim every inch of her skin.