I do not own the Harry Potter franchise, all rights belong to J.K. Rowling, Warner Bros. Studios, and Random House Publishing. In this world there appears to be few things that are constant and instead many that are not. But perhaps that isn't as true as we once believed. Perhaps the things that are most constant in our lives are the things that we can't see, like love, hate, and sadness. Among these unseen constants there is one that holds a slightly higher relevance. It has gone by many names; mana, chakra, natural energy, and most commonly, magic. It's in all of us, whether we are aware of it or not. Magic is a force that few are born with the ability to access. It is passed down from parent to child, and sometimes manifests itself without warning in an individual. No one knows what dictates this ability, though many have tried to understand it. Only one thing is for certain, with magic inside you, you are linked to countless individuals, and you are never truly alone. Alone. That was the word that a certain boy had decided best described him. Of course if he ever told anyone that he was sure that they would stare at him with utter bemusement. He a had a perfectly wonderful, happy, and loving family didn't he? He couldn't possibly have any want or desire that they couldn't provide for. That, of course, is where they would be wrong. As a matter of fact he had never experienced those things from his so called family, and likely never would. The boy's name is Harry Potter. To most he was a quiet boy who much rather preferred to stay hidden than to interact with anybody. Whenever he was introduced it was always followed by the words, "He doesn't say much." Not that he would be allowed to even had he wanted to, the Dursleys made very sure that he was always aware that he was, "Not to say a bloody thing if he could help it." The Dursleys were Harry's only living family. His parents died in a car crash when he was barely a year old and he was 'mercifully' taken in by his aunt and uncle. His Aunt Petunia was a skeleton of a woman, she had a horse-like face with sharp darting eyes and a giraffe length neck, which, Harry supposed was well suited for all of the spying that she did on the neighbors. His Uncle Vernon was an entirely different story. Built in much the same fashion as a walrus and with a mustache to match his uncle was a rather… large man to say the least. He sold drills for a living and as a result was used to being in a position to bully people into doing anything, after all, how else was he to sell drills of all things? The final true member of the Dursley family was Harry's cousin Dudley. Dudley was a lot like his father, by which of course is to say he was a small, beady eyed, pig of boy who got what he wanted when he wanted it. He was spoiled to the point of royalty and had never once in his life had to compromise on anything, his parents made sure of that. As if that wasn't bad enough he seemed to have only one goal in life; to torment Harry. He had rather succeeded on that part by making sure that Harry had no friends to speak of, adding to the loneliness that was Harry's life. It may seem odd that such a family could possibly be anything but a normal, happy family. However, what happens in the privacy of one's own personal life is often largely different from the public facade. The Dursleys, though it was only Vernon and Petunia, hated anything that seemed even a little bit abnormal, odd, or strange. There seemed to be no reason for this hatred but unfortunately for young Harry, he was the epitome of all three. Odd things tended to happen when Harry was around including a strong gust of wind pushing him onto the roof of his school, his hair growing back overnight after being unwillingly shaved off, his teacher suddenly tripping over nothing after making fun of him. Yes there was a large list of odd things that happened around the young boy. Perhaps strangest of all however, was the thought it almost seemed like his guardians knew why the odd things happened and furthermore believed he could control the happenings. As if he were somehow responsible! Harry off course couldn't fathom why on earth they thought that. He was just a normal boy, sure he had lost his parents but surely that wasn't that unusual, and the odd happenings around him were fairly common he was sure, or at least he assumed so. It wasn't only him either, the Dursleys seemed to harbor particular hatred of his parents which made even less sense than their dislike of him. His mother was his aunt's sister after all. What was more important than family? Family. That was something that Harry had desperately yearned for from a young age. no matter how much time he spent with the Dursleys he knew they would never be his real family, though he clung on to the hope that maybe one day they would suddenly accept him as their own son, and everything would be wonderful. He held on to that hope until a week before his eleventh birthday… Albus Dumbledore sighed and leaned in his desk chair looking at the paperwork before him. As old and powerful as he may be there was one thing he was certain of; he would never defeat the paperwork that came from running a school. Of course there was less during the actual school year itself, and not too much during the summer, but somehow it always managed to pile up by the time August rolled around. That was partly due to his own tendency to procrastinate, which given the amount of jobs he had it was somewhat astonishing that he could find the time to procrastinate at all. Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore was known by many titles. He was the Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards, The Chief Warlock of the Ministry of Magic, The Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and an extraordinary lover of sweets. His main occupation these days was as a Headmaster more than anything else. Rather ironically what should've been the easiest of his tasks as Headmaster was currently bringing him the largest amount of stress. Every year the school owls were sent out to deliver the school supply list for the returning students and a welcome letter to the new students. At the end of the welcome letter was a line for the prospective student to sign to confirm their admission and upon doing so their signature would also appear on a master list of students next to their printed name. It was one name in particular that was giving Albus such a problem. He had sent hundreds, if not thousands of letters to the family and had yet to send a response. He had even told the owls to find them no matter their location, in the off chance that the family was off on vacation somewhere and hadn't been receiving the letters sent to his home address. After receiving no reply yet again Albus was more bemused than ever. He couldn't just let this student not enroll at Hogwarts, he was certain the parents of said students would haunt him for years if he did. There was really only one option at this point, he'd have to send someone. It wasn't a trivial matter either since he really needed his full staff with him to prepare for the coming school year, half of them had yet to even approve the curriculum for the upcoming year and they were hardly a month away from the first day of school! After a few minutes more of internal debate he had come to a decision, and a rather good decision he should think. He would send someone likable, trustworthy, kind, and more importantly, they already were fond of the prospective student. Yes, no one was more suited to the task then one Rubeus Hagrid. "Hurry up with those eggs boy!" Uncle Vernon called for what seemed like the twentieth time. "Yeah I'm starving over here." came Dudley's pitiful whine, as if he hadn't already had four of the darn things. Harry rolled his eyes and sighed, no other person could possibly consume the amount of food in a day that Dudley had in one meal. Already he had eaten four eggs, ten slices of bacon, three pieces of toast and four large pancakes, it was no wonder he was so bloody fat. Of course he kept these thoughts to himself, it wasn't worth him missing his own breakfast, (meager as it would be), just to get in a few scathing remarks. Bringing over the next plateful of eggs Harry sat down and began to take what little food remained from the onslaught of his uncle and cousin. So naturally that was when his uncle heard the post being delivered. "Dudley go and fetch the post." he stated. "Dad I don't want to, make Harry do it." "Boy go get the post." he said, not even bothering to look up from his plate. "Make Dudley do it" Harry grumbled. Uncle Vernon glared at Harry for a moment, "Now." he growled. Harry begrudgingly drug himself from his chair and walked out of the kitchen, muttering a string of curses the whole way. Why should he have to do it just because Dudley didn't want to? Dudley was nothing but a fat, greedy, spoiled brat who got anything he wanted! The injustice of it all made him want to rage about, but, as always he restrained himself. Stooping down he gathered the pile of letters by the door and began sifting through them on his way back to the kitchen. Coming upon a particularly thick letter he was surprised to see his own name on the letter. It read: Mr. H Potter The Cupboard Under the Stairs 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey There was no return address listed but the envelope had a wax seal embossed with an odd crest on it. It appeared to be four animals with a large letter H in the center. What was more curious however, was that whoever had sent the letter knew he was forced to sleep in the cupboard under the stairs. Returning to the kitchen Harry gave his uncle the other letters, his uncle not even bothering to look up from his newspaper. Still focused on the oddity in his own hands Harry decided the best course of action was to simply open it. Just as he was deciding this Dudley chose to open his mouth, which as usual meant nothing good for Harry. "Dad! Harry's got a letter!" he squealed grabbing the letter from Harry's hands. "Hey! Give that back it's mine!" Harry yelled trying to grab the letter back to no avail. Before he could make another grab for the letter Dudley had passed it to his father. "You?" Uncle Vernon laughed, "Who on earth would be writing to you?" He examined the back of the letter for a moment before turning it over. Then his face began to change color in the most spectacular of ways. It quickly went from a ruddy red color, to a strained purple, and finally to the palest white imaginable. "Petunia!" he yelled, his face returning to the strained purple, " Petunia come in here now!" "Vernon what on earth is the matter?" Petunia snapped, she was not a fan of yelling (The neighbors might hear them for goodness sake) Vernon didn't say anything but merely handed the letter to her, his