Together Written by: RedFireHead41 The air was calm and gentle, the sky was as clear as water, and the trees whispered faintly throughout their branches. Upon one of these trees, lay a man with curled black hair and a faintly grown beard. His eyes were closed, shielding the world from his sight. His ears listened to all of the sounds made by the forest. Tomorrow was going to be one of joy, and one of fate, for Aragorn knew what was coming. He could feel that whatever decision befalls tomorrow that he would be destined with it, along with many others in Middle-Earth. "Listening to the trees again brother?" Aragorn's head tilted sideways and his eyes opened to fall upon his foster brother, Elrohir who carried a light blanket and a small bundle of what appeared as food. The dark-haired elf smiled kindly up at the man and walked under the branch that was carrying him. "You seem to be at peace when you are out here, Estel," Elrohir conjured holding up the bundle of food that was wrapped by a thin piece of cloth, "Here is a midnight snack since you seem to get hungry during late nights." "You still treat me like I'm a child Elrohir," Aragorn stated taking the offered food and setting it on his lap. "Yes, in my eyes you appear to be an aged man. But, I've loved you for such long ages that I can tell when you wanted to be treated in a younger sort of way." "You're just caring for me aren't you?" Aragorn questioned. "Aye, I am," replied Elrohir with a proud smile. He lifted up the blanket in his other hand, "I see you are going to fall asleep under these branches, so I wanted to make sure you'd not catch a cold. Lucky for me, I should never know of such a thing." Aragorn accepted the other offering and smirked at the elf, "Lucky for me, for when I ever caught a cold, I could skip out on lessons and play in the gardens." Elrohir looked as if he were going to pout, "So, you did fake a cold those days?" Aragorn gazed up through a hidden opening between a bundle of leaves and made himself grin, "Not really. Ada would always check to see if I was faking or not, and every time I was concluded to be sick." "And yet you still ran away to the gardens," Elrohir finished shaking his head in amusement. They looked at each other for a short moment before Elrohir put his hand upon his chest and slowly waved it up towards his brother, "Good night my brother, sleep well." Aragorn nodded with the same gesture and watched as his brother walked gracefully back to Imladris. He let out a long breath, and rested the back of his head against the tree once more. Slowly, after wrapping the blanket securely around his body and nibbling on some bread, his body drifted into a peaceful slumber; the wind caressing his mind to sleep. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - "Elladen, do you know where Estel is?" asked a weary Elrond pacing frantically down the halls of Imladris. He had spotted his son sitting upon an open balcony looking over the waterfalls among the mountains. "No Ada, I have not. But I have a hunch that because of the beautiful sky last night, he slept under the stars." Elrond smiled for a spare second at the endless though of his foster child sleeping among the trees. Aragorn had always escaped to the protection of forest to poor out all of his emotions. Usually when he was sad, happy, or in trouble he would run to his favorite spot close to the borders of his lands. "I would go retrieve him if you wish," Elladen said standing up from his chair. Elrond nodded, "Yes, that would be very helpful. I am usually prepared for these upcoming councils, but the urgency of this one has troubled me so." Elladen placed a comforting hand upon his father's shoulder, "Do not worry Ada. You are wise and peaceful. I am sure this sudden council will be for the good of all of Middle-Earth." The older elf smiled, "Hannon le." Elladen smiled back and began his way out of the halls of Imladris and into the peaceful forest that held his brother. The sun was close to midday and the council would be held soon, so if he were to find Aragorn it shouldn'ttake up too much time. Estel...why must you be so lazy? He thought walking down the dirt path. He found Aragorn moments later, standing upon a sea of grass letting the wind graze over his features. The sunlight made him look at ease, but as Elladen approached he could see the weariness in his eyes. "Did you not sleep well brother?" he asked as he stood next to the ranger. The man shook his head, "Though the peace was comforting, I...dreamt of things. Things not so comforting." "You had a nightmare?" Elladen concluded for him. Aragorn nodded, "It was...unfocused. I couldn't see clearly through the horrid piece." "If it eases your mind, please tell me about it." Aragorn starred at his feet buried deep with the grass and shifted side-to-side, "Nay, it is alright. Tis' just a passing dream. Let us go, I'm sure you came here to fetch me, knowing Ada." The brown-haired elf gazed at his brother before nodding, "If you have this dream again, please speak to me. I would always help you." "Hannon le, Elladen. Now, let's go." Man and elf walked together back to the halls of Imladris in record time, both worried that they should not pass Elrond along the way. Aragorn stopped suddenly, and turned around as if he was sensing something. "What is it Estel?" asked his brother stopping with him. Aragorn narrowed his eyes towards the main gates they just past through and they widened as the one he thought came galloping through the passageway. He jumped into a run and barely made his way down the stairs before crushing into the arms of another being. "Legolas!" he cried embracing the body against him. The blonde elf dropped his horse's reins and embraced his friend back, "Estel...it has been far too long." Every elf in Middle-Earth knew that this man and elf were the closest friends to ever exist. To see them embrace each other, and give smart remarks was normal in their eyes. Aragorn pulled away and gazed over the beautiful complection the prince of Mirkwood had. Their eyes locked together before Aragorn hesitantly broke the comforting silence. "Why are you here, Legolas?" Legolas turned his eyes to the three riders behind him, "Please my friends, go to the guest chambers. I'm sure Elladen would show you." Quick with his senses, as always... Elladen thought as he raised his hand. The three companions of Legolas nodded and walked up to where lord Elrond's son stood. Their horses, including Legolas', was taking by servants and walked away towards the stables. Legolas turned his eyes back to the grey ones, full of energy and passion and felt his knees buck under him. "Legolas?" Aragorn questioned once more. Legolas smiled and motioned for him to go on a walk. Aragorn completely obliged as they began to walk into the forest. Elladen, despite his age, rolled his eyes and took the three elfs to their rooms. The forest was quiet as the two entered, and it felt much more relaxing than being surrounded by walls and houses. After what seemed like an eternity, Legolas took this time to finally answer Aragorn's questions. "I am here Estel, to report to lord Elrond of Gollum's escape." Aragorn stopped and fixed his gaze with the blue eyes, seeing the regret and anger lingering in them. "He escaped? How? " The blue eyes focused on the ground behind Aragorn as he explained, "One day, the creature wouldn't come down from his perch in the trees, and so suspecting nothing, we left him there. But, months later orcs came. They captured, or rather rescued, Gollum and took him to Mordor. From then on I do not know. My father told me to come here also, to represent Mirkwood and my fellow elfs for the council of Elrond." Aragorn narrowed his eyes and slowly turned around, "That is why Gandalf...it makes sense now!" "What do you mean?" Legolas asked. The man shook his head and replaced his frown with a well-shown smile, "Tis nothing, Legolas...I've been weary of things, but now that you're here I feel bright again. This news of Gollum's escape nerves me, but now isn't the time for that. You're here safe and still beautiful, and I shall use this time wisely." Legolas smiled after hearing the man's words. He touched the back of his fingers against Aragorn's smooth cheek, remembering all the sensitive curves under his neck and behind his round ears, giggling whenever he drew a small gasp from the ranger. Aragorn immediately leaned into his touch and clasped his hand over the elf's fingers. "I've missed you meleth(love)..." Aragorn whispered softly feeling the sun's warm rays peek through the trees and gliding over their bodies. "As have I, it pains me to be away from you Estel." "Then let us not be away any longer." Aragorn grabbed the back of the elf's head and pressed his lingering mouth against the others, diving his tongue into the hot opening. Legolas wrapped his tongue around Aragorn's and both played a game of tug-of-war before breaking apart. Seconds later, Legolas went in for another kiss and was met with moist eager lips. Aragorn let his lover play with him for a little bit before pulling back for much needed air. "You still have it Estel. Age seems to not affect you in any human way..." Legolas' eyes were full of play as Aragorn smirked. "You haven't lost your touch ether elf," Aragorn added. Legolas chuckled. In all the years they were apart, not one moment he could remember where he felt at peace without Aragorn. Whenever his lover was near, ether in dreams or in reality, he would always feel safe and would give anything to stay with him. But society were thinking different things for something like that. Regretfully, their time would have to be cut short. Legolas knew that. "Come, I'm sure lord Elrond wants both of us to get back. I sensed that you were out in the field where I was coming from, but then you left with Elladen." "Yes, Ada sent him to get me," Aragorn answered. Legolas raised an eyebrow and held out his arm, "Then shall we go back?" Aragorn laced his arm within his lover's, "Yes." Together both walked back through the gates of Imladris, and into the council chambers located outside among the trees. Other dwarfs including Gimli son of Gloin, as recognized by Aragorn, were just about to sit in their chairs. Legolas gently pushed Aragorn back into a darkened corner and kissed him passionately, whispering in after, "Let this council guide us together even more." Aragorn nodded and gave him one more quick kiss before heading for his seat. Legolas joined his fellow elfs and also sat in their occupied seats across from the humans and next to the dwarves. To their right sat Mithrandir and a being Legolas could not recognize. He was very short, shorter than a dwarf, thin and had curly brown hair with hairy feet. What is this creature? Elrond soon entered gracefully, all worry gone from his face, and stood in front of