Author's notes: So my fanfiction account was set up for just reading so that I could rant and review works on here. I have writer's block. And I have that thing where you read something and you have ideas of a story and you don't find it and if you do it's not written nicely. If anyone wants to be a beta tester then please contact me? I'm not being overly serious with this but I have too much pride to let it be bad. So yeah, there are a lot of Leo and Calypso's Auto Repair and Mechanical Monsters fanfiction. I'm sorry. I have to add mine in. I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THESE CHARACTERS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED Leo Valdez sat at his desk. Well, desk was an over-glorified name of the mess Leo managed to blend into. There were live wires, he was often on fire, and about a thousand little screws and bolts could be found if you thrust your hand in any direction. He was working on Percy's pen, Riptide. He'd stolen it from him yesterday, and it was Percy's birthday the next day- no, a couple of hours . The clock showed it was ten o'clock, and Leo really wanted to tinker this baby up. Calypso had been poking her head in and out for the past two hours, adding her opinion. Well, poking her head in and out meant walking from her side of the shared workspace, or walking in from her garden -no, their garden- with dirt on her face and her white t-shirt, or actually poking her head around the corner from their living room when she was watching Harry Potter before. Ever since she had come back from Ogygia she had loved movies, and she watched one every night. Leo usually watched them all with her. She laughed when a character was funny, got distraught when it was sad, and was borderline terrified when it was scary. Leo loved it when she slightly leant towards him because she was scared and didn't want to admit it. Sometimes she forgot that the movies were a work of fiction, and would sit in the kitchen with hot chocolate looking sad, until Leo came in to laugh at her for it. She would argue back, and so would he, and they both knew there was no real harm in their little disputes. This time he couldn't watch a movie with her, which threw both of them off balance. When Calypso came into the room and dragged her chair next to Leo, with a mug of hot chocolate and a frown, Leo knew what had happened. "That Umbridge woman was awful." She muttered. "Yeah. Good thing she wasn't real." Leo said back, his hands working fast on the pen. It was difficult, Leo knew he had to be careful with the pen. It didn't work exactly on machinery, and it was Percy's. Not to mention it was ancient, with a 'long line of tales and stories'. "You know," Calypso gently took Riptide out of Leo's hands, "You should paint some waves around it. He's the son of Poseidon, right?" Leo shook his head at first, then got an idea "Or, you! I'm no good at painting, or art. And I know you are! I mean, weaving? Have you seen the great stuff you've done? This is gonna be the best present to Percy!" Leo was over-excited again, and rambling, but he didn't care. He was onto an idea, so how could he back down? Calypso smiled at the hyper Leo, and rolled her eyes. "I don't have any paint, Leo." Leo stood up, taking out a spare part from behind his ear, tossed it back at the mess, and grabbed Calypso's hand, "Let's go get some then!" He said, pulling Calypso up to abandon her hot chocolate. "Leo! It's ten o'clock! Where are we going to get paint?" Calypso struggled to slow Leo down, grabbing both of his upper arms, which weren't as scrawny as she had always thought- but not that that mattered. It didn't. They weren't biceps, they were upper arms. Obviously. Leo made a sound of disgruntled annoyance, then closed his eyes to think. "I've got it! Camp Half-Blood!" He said, as if that should make sense. He raced down the hallway to Festus' garage. Leo had rebuilt Festus after the war with Gaea, and given him a room as well, it had a roller wall so Festus could fly out if and was fire proof. Leo would know, he tested it out. Smiling at herself, Calypso ran to catch up to Leo. Leo was sitting onboard Festus, the wall open, patting a spot behind him on the big metal dragon. "You serious? NOW? You want to run to your camp NOW?" Calypso asked on repeat as she took Leo's hand to climb up behind him. Leo turned around and gave her his Team Leo smile, "I don't see the problem" He laughed, and kickstarted Festus into the dark sky. Like the few other times Calypso had been for a ride with Leo on Festus, she got a little startled, and involuntarily put her hands on Leo to steady herself. Calypso couldn't see Leo, but if she did she would see a grin slowly spreading on his face. He liked the feel of her hands on his waist, even if she didn't want to put her arms around him. That was too weak for her. And Calyspo wasn't weak. Leo knew that that was why she didn't curl up to him in their movies, or directly come to him afterwards. But hey, he wasn't gonna just go, make some rash decision and mess up his already slim chances with a pretty girl. Especially not Calypso. The wind was in their hair as they rode, Festus occasionally talking to Leo, and Leo occasionally talking to Calypso. Her answers became shorter and shorter, her laughs smaller and smaller, until Leo felt the warmth of her head on the back of his shoulder. Colour rose to his cheeks, but he didn't dare turn around. Calypso could fall off. They reached Camp Half-Blood in an hour. It was dark and everyone was asleep. Leo landed in the forest, near where he had found Festus. Festus seemed to be remembering it too. Leo didn't slide off the dragon immediately, he was enjoying Calypso's presence on his shoulder too much. Gently, he decided to reach around and prod her side, brushing past her fingers on his waist. Involuntarily, a smile tug on the corners of his mouth, as he still continued to prod Calypso awake. She did, slowly, and seemed to regret being awake and went back to sleep, for a split second. She became aware of her position and jolted upright. "Sorry." She blushed, still frozen in her spot. She looked down at her fingers and removed them from Leo's waist, looking back up at him. "No problem" He said, sliding off Festus. To Leo, it was the opposite of a problem. To Calypso, she wondered whether it would've caused any problems. Hesitantly, she refused Leo's hand and slid off herself, patting Festus, and looked at Leo expectantly. "Where do we go?" "This way" Pointing in a seemingly random direction to Calypso, They started to walk together in the quiet forest. Their footsteps fell in time, if a slightly weird one. Calypso took 2 steps for every step Leo took, perfectly in sync. It was dark, and cold. Calypso wished she had brought something warmer, she was in a loose t shirt and pyjama bottoms. She involuntarily shivered, which Leo unfortunately noticed. Leo saw her. Leo couldn't get cold, one of the many benefits of being Leo Valdez. He wondered whether he should give his jacket to her. That was too cliche though, Leo thought. But Calypso didn't know about cliches. He was wearing the jacket Calypso had made for him in Ogygia, since he had been working. Leo wore it on all his working days, and a lot of his free ones. Making his decision, Leo took off his jacket, holding it out for Calypso to take it. "Here." He said. Leo didn't wrap the jacket around her shoulders, nor did he make a smooth comment to Calypso like maybe he should have. But he didn't, and knew it was a good move. She hesitated, but took the jacket anyway. "Thanks, Leo" She added his name in as an afterthought, and slipped the arms of his jackets on. It was warm, and smelled nice. The jacket smelled of Ogygia, of Festus, and of her. But that was just a coincidence. She had made the jacket herself, after all. "But what about you?" Leo smirked, "I'm touched that you care so much about me, Cally-" "I never said that!" "but since I'm so-" "And DON'T call me CALLY!" They were both yelling now, ending it in laughter. It rang out in the silent trees, which weren't as silent as they had thought. "Whose there?" A voice called out. Calypso and Leo stopped in their tracks. Calypso looked around, seeing what she could use to defend herself with. Nothing. Leo looked around, his ADHD kicking in. He brought out his palms, ready to burn some butts if he needed to. Then Leo remembered where he was. Camp Half-Blood, Idiot! He relaxed instantly, answering back: "Leo Valdez. Sorta saved the wor-" "Leo!" Percy stepped into the light, an unknown sword in his hands. "Percy?" Leo walked over to him, did the man-hug-thing and stepped back. Percy looked next to him, Calypso. Oh shit, they had history , Leo groaned to himself. "Calypso?" He blinked. Calypso blinked back. "Percy?" She looked to Leo, "You know each other." Calypso felt very uncertain. Leo had mentioned Percy on Ogygia, but seeing Percy again was a bit weird. "Yeah. We defeated Gaia together." Percy responded. He knew about Leo and Calypso, heck, he was ring-leading the circle of bets on the two. But seeing her was something else. He felt bad, but at the same time not at all. She was fine, and had Leo. "Well, what Percy really means to say is that he watched me defeat Gaia" Leo joked, lightening the tension brewing between the three of them. "So why are you here?"Percy asked, after punching Leo. Then he saw it. Calypso was wearing Leo's jacket. Percy smirked, this was going to swirl the betting up. "And why are you wearing Leo's jacket?" Calypso just stated "It's cold and Leo offered me it" while Leo blushed, fidgeting nervously. Calypso didn't get what was so important about the jacket she was wearing, but both Leo and Percy did. They shared a look when Calypso wasn't watching, and Leo spoke again to break the silence. So what, she was wearing his jacket, right? "We need some paints." Leo answered Percy's question from before. Percy raised his eyebrows at them both. "Now? At what, eleven?" "I tried to tell him." Calypso shrugged, throwing Leo an I-told-you-so look. "What for?" Percy asked. "Stuff." "You wouldn't understand." "Nothing really." They fired answers at him, and Percy was way too tired to be curious now. He'd ask Leo later. When he had something to barter with. "Okay, well, I don't really know where the paints are kept. I don't even know." "Well," Calypso said, "Who does?" "Annabeth." Percy sighed. "What's wrong with that?" Leo asked. It made sense that Annabeth would know everything about the camp, she knew everything. So what was wrong? "I'm not really... allowed in her cabin. Someone wasn't really happy when I was in her cabin last time... So now I'm not allowed. It's like Coach Hedge all over again" He joked with Leo, who laughed. He remembered when Annabeth and Percy had snuck out to sleep in the stables aboard the Argo ll, the ship Festus was now detached from. Leo was in a huge project to restore the Argo II