Queenly Demeter, bringer of seasons and giver of good gifts, What god of heaven or what mortal man has rapt away Persephone and pierced with sorrow your dear heart? - from Hymn 2 to Demeter Prologue 2nd May 1998, Hogwarts Sitting on the steps of Hogwarts, Ginny could see the whole scene that lay before her. Groups of people covered the grounds, like ants gathering at a picnic, scuttling to find the tastiest piece of food. Only instead of food, it was loved ones they were looking for. The sun had risen a few hours ago and was casting long cold shadows. Despite it being the beginning of May there was a damp chill in the air. The stench of smoke and ash from the building behind her had settled in her nose and throat. Exhaustion filled her bones, she still hadn't altogether recovered from the previous attack. The battle had lasted for hours, almost days. Her hand moved to her left side, checking the ribs she'd probably re-broken. She made a mental note to take a healing draught later. It seemed impossible that they'd won the War. A week ago everyone was certain they were going to lose completely, and they almost did. The Dark Lord had managed to kill Dumbledore early on, but Harry had survived. Rising from the dead like he always seemed to do; but mostly everyone else seemed to be okay. The whole thing came down to the two of them in the end, like it was always fated to be. The Dark Lord and The Boy Who Lived. Once Dumbledore was gone, everyone thought that that was it. The Death Eaters had won, a quick flash of green towards Harry and he'd gone down too. But he'd gotten back up again, ready to keep fighting, and there it had ended. Ginny felt him sit down next to her without needing to look up. The hairs on her arms standing to attention at his arrival. "You're going to go back to him, aren't you?" Draco's morose voice spoke to her as he slumped down beside her. His head gestured to the mop of black hair in the centre of the ants. "I have to, for my family…" She trailed off. "I don't really see another option here, Draco." "I know that, but that doesn't mean you have to sacrifice yourself." "It wouldn't be a sacrifice," she grew defiant, chewing on the inside of her mouth as she shifted away from him. "You know I love him too. I'm only doing what I want to do, nothing more." "So you're just going to go off and marry him. Reward him for winning the war, and completely disregard all the shit he put you through a month ago?" "Yep," she stood up, ready to leave the conversation. "How can you do that to us?" His voice was becoming tight the way it always did when he was over emotional. "I love you Gin." She ignored his last comment, "it has to end. You know that, more people are going to get hurt if we're not careful. You know what he's like." And with that she left him and started down the path to her future husband. Her future life lay before her. It was odd how far they'd come. Almost as miraculous as Harry rising from the dead. Chapter One 18th June 1996, Department of Mysteries There was noise everywhere. Crashes and bangs rang out around her. Ginny could here screams coming from one direction. People shouting to each other. It seemed more than just them and the Death Eaters now but they seemed so far away. Maybe the Order had finally arrived. If she could just make her way back to the room with all the doors then she could help; she was no use to anyone where she was now. Looking around she saw that she was in a long, endless corridor. No light apart from the one at the end of her wand. Brick walls that felt damp to touch. If she stopped to listen she could hear a slow steady dripping noise coming from above. The walls bowed slightly to an arch over head. More than slightly actually, they curved more than she'd first thought. The whole thing was more of a tunnel than a corridor. How had she gotten here? She was sure she'd followed Neville from the other room but there was no sign of him here. There must be a door somewhere, if it was a corridor there should be one at either end, but which end should she go for? She stretched her wand as far ahead in front of her as she could and squinted. Nothing but pitch black darkness. The screams were getting louder, closer maybe, but still seemed too far away. She should try to make a move but her ankle was killing her. She'd gone over on it earlier running away from one of them, maybe Rosier? She braced herself on one of the walls. Her heart beating so hard she could feel it in her head. She tried moving, using the wall to hold her up but her fingers kept slipping on the moss beneath them. She felt dizzy, head spinning. She could hear the blood pumping through her. The idea of staying there a moment longer was unbearable, she started running. A cold sweat dripping down her neck. The pain in her wrist sending jolting pains through her every time she jostled it. Her wrist? That wasn't right, it was her ankle that she'd injured. Squinting into the dark, she tried to work out where she was. Everything felt too familiar. She'd been here before, or maybe just down here too long. She stopped to look at her ankle. The green light from above gave her skin an eerie glow, but she could see that it was starting to bruise, deep purple blotches were forming over the surface and it was beginning to swell beneath her touch. Where was that green light coming from? She could have sworn it was pitch black a moment ago. She spun around. It seemed to be coming from a circular hole in the wall just further down from her. Ginny shivered in the cold, goosebumps prickling her skin. Dark smoke started seeping its way out of the hole; long tendrils snaking their way towards her. She flattened herself against the wall. The dampness buried itself into her clothes. They would forever smell musty after this. The smoke seemed to be taking form as it edged closer to her. A swirling mass that seemed so solid, like she could reach out her hand and grasp it. So she did. But instead of passing straight through, her hand collided with something. Not feeling like air at all but like silken robes beneath her fingertips. And all a sudden there he was, out of the darkness, less than an inch from her face, pressing her further into the wall so hard she couldn't breathe. All pale waxy skin and cold cold breath. His red eyes stared into hers and the events of the last few hours flicked through her mind like pictures: the spinning room with the doors, the Thestral ride over London, Draco Malfoy holding her prisoner in Umbridge's office... And then he was gone. The smoke cleared, and the door was right beside her... 1st September 1996, Train between London and Scotland The train was dragging along the tracks, outside the window the countryside was passing by, lulling Ginny into a steady rhythm. Summer seemed to have sped by. Usually it seemed like an endless bliss between apocalypses, but this year it had raced past. Like the season itself knew what was coming and, too scared to face it, decided to let its harsher sister autumn face the future. The blossoms on the trees had come and the leaves were turning to red and gold, the nights were coming in quicker. It was the first of September and school seemed an unimportant ordeal. Attacks were growing daily so no one was venturing outside. Heavy grey clouds hung over head with a constant half-hearted drizzle of rain. The summer had been unbearably dull. The only reprieve was when Harry arrived late one night, but the relief of having someone else to talk to was swiftly overtaken by the constant reminder that nothing had changed. Once Harry arrived all attention diverted to him, and Ginny was always pushed right down to the bottom of the pile. She fought the growing resentment in her stomach that tasted like bile on her tongue. She stood up, slipping out of the carriage and leaving Dean, Luna and Seamus behind talking about a recent Quidditch match. Luna said something about how Wrackspurts on the pitch meant the players weren't responsible for their terrible defeat. She knew Luna meant well but she could wind up Ginny's nerves sometimes. "Oi! Weasley!" Ginny spun around to face the voice that was hollering at her from down the train. A wave of dread came over her as she realised it was Zacharias Smith, she was really not in the mood to deal with him today. "Heard you were part of the lot that were at the Ministry. Wha' happened?" His voice was smug. "Piss off Smith, I'm not telling you anything. Besides, don't you read the papers?" "Like I'd trust them, I'd rather hear it straight from the horse's mouth, if you rather." She wanted to punch his cocky face. "Go on, tell us all the juicy details…" Ginny whipped out her wand and hexed him without giving herself a chance to think it through. "Well well, do we have here? Hothead Weasley hexing before thinking yet again?" Draco Malfoy's long drawl came from behind her. "Damn," she cursed herself for being so careless to as not spot Malfoy witnessing her and Smith. "10 points from Gryffindor and we're not even at school yet." "You know prefects don't have the right to take points Malfoy, and you're not in that bloody Inquisitorial Squad anymore." Draco looked at her, a sneer growing on his face. He opened his mouth to retaliate when he was interrupted by someone else. "What on earth!" The speaker seemed to be another new professor. He was old and pompous with his robes stretched too tight across his bulging belly. "Excuse me please, let me deal with this," he squeezed his way through the crowded carriage. "Who are you two and what is this commotion?" He indicated to Ginny and Malfoy. Smith seemed to have slipped away unnoticed. "Weasley here was performing dangerous spells on unsuspecting pupils." Malfoy gave her a grin that seemed to say if I can't take points he definitely can. "Well Miss Weasley, I think you had better come with me." He turned to Malfoy "I'll deal with this. Thank you Mister Malfoy, your assistance is no longer needed." He fanned his hand ushering Malfoy away. Draco had lost interest entirely once Weasley was taken away and so headed back down the train to his own compartment. Pushing the door open he saw Daphne Greengrass and Theodore Nott in a deep conversation. Not his usual gang, he thought to himself. Much more appropriate than the friends he'd had before though, considering the events of the summer. He interrupted them as he sat down."Where's Blaise?" "Not sure, that new professor came and asked him to join him in his compartment." Daphne was the one who answered. Theo, it turned out, didn't say much if you knew him or not. Even Daphne only got a few words out of him during conversations. He allowed them to continue their one sided conversation while he thought everything over in silence. 3rd October 1996, Hogwarts Grounds, Scotland September raced by and the first Quidditch match of the year was upon them. Gryffindor versus Slytherin. Harry had made Quidditch captain, and after a few horrendous tryouts had