"Today marks the second anniversary of the strongest earthquake on record. What made the quake even deadlier was the fact that that the epicenter was in the center of New York City. The 9.8 quake killed over 200 people, and 23 people were never found…" I tuned out the news broadcast after that. Had it already been two years since that day? Two years since I experienced a hell worse than Tartarus? Two years since they died? I rolled over to my other side and closed my eyes, trying to sleep without the nightmares. I can still see them, my step-dad Paul, my mother, and Annabeth. Bound and gagged, held hostage by the goddess Akhlys, being tortured right in front of me. She had poisoned me when I came into my mom's apartment, paralyzing me and making it almost impossible to use my powers. I was helpless as I watched as she poisoned, whipped and cut my family. Akhlys was getting her revenge, from when I almost killed her in Tartarus. I almost suffocated her with her own poison, and she was back and going to do the same to the ones I loved. I tried all I could to break free of my paralysis. I tried to push the poison through my system. Concentrating it to only one area so the rest of me was free to move. I even tried to push it out of a cut on my forehead, but no luck. All I could do was lay on the floor of my mom's living room while I watched her drag a blade across the cheek of my mom. She poured a poison down Paul's throat that caused him such excruciating pain that I can still hear his screams and pleas for mercy. What she did to Annabeth, however, will haunt me for the rest of my days. Annabeth was sitting in the middle of a pool of poisons, the same poisons that I almost killed the goddess with. I watched as Annabeth choked on the fumes, slowly dying a painful death. But she didn't get a quick and easy death. When she was on the brink, almost to the point of no return, the poison would pull away and Annabeth would be able to breathe. I wanted to destroy Akhlys with every fiber of my being, I prayed to all of the gods to help me in some way, but no one answered my prayers, not even my father. I begged them, I even bargained, my life for theirs. I pleaded them to save at least Annabeth, to take me instead. The first voice to be permanently was Paul. Eventually the poison he was forced to ingest became too much for him and with one final cry for mercy, he fell to the ground and was silent. My mom was the next one to fall victim to this cruel game of revenge. After Akhlys cut into her leg, she put poison into the cut. Within seconds, my mother looked at me one last time, smiled, and told me she loved me. Then she fell to the floor, and she was gone too. Annabeth was the strongest, or Akhlys wanted to save her for last. By this point my throat was so raw that I could barely speak. I begged Akhlys, pleaded with her to spare Annabeth. I told her I would say or do anything for Annabeth's life, but the goddess only looked at me with an evil smile. She told me, "No one crosses me, now you are going to learn why it was a mistake to make an enemy of me." She walked over to Annabeth, bent down and grabbed her face and forced Annabeth to look at me. "It's a shame that such a beauty has to die. Especially when she was going to have such good news for you." "What do you mean Akhlys? What good news?" The goddess looked at Annabeth, "Go on, tell him." Annabeth refused to say anything, only clenching her jaw tighter. Akhlys clicked her tongue, "So stubborn, well I guess I get to do the honors then." She stood up and walked over and kneeled down to get close to my face. "Do you remember how your girlfriend here had a doctor's appointment today?" "What about it?" "Well aren't you curious about why she went to the doctor? Well, she went to go have some tests run. Oh, and look, here they are!" She reached up to the table that I had hit my head on earlier and set down a stack of papers in front of my face. At the bottom I saw one word and my stomach plummeted. Pregnant . I looked up to Annabeth, and there were tears in her eyes. She started shaking her head, "I was going to tell you tonight, but Akhlys..." She choked on her words after that. I felt my anger rise even more, I felt a fire in my belly rage to an inferno. I tried with all of my power to help her somehow. But nothing was happening. Akhlys came around and sat next to Annabeth again. "Now Percy Jackson, I am going to take everything from you. Then I will kill you slowly. I am going to enjoy this immensely." In her hand, a vial appeared, it was filled with a dark liquid that looked like liquid death. She held it out and said, "This is the most deadly poison there is. Brewed in the depths of Tartarus. It has a mixture of most venoms from dangerous creatures and poisonous plants in the world. I brewed it especially for this occasion." She grabbed Annabeth's face and forced her mouth open, and slowly poured the poison down her throat. I could see the pain in her eyes, I started crying and screaming for her. My heart was tearing itself into a thousand pieces. I felt an anger that I had never felt before. My world was shaking, and falling apart. Akhlys started looking around, with a scared look on her face. "Stop that! How are you doing this?" I looked around, trying to figure out what she was talking about. Then I realized, it wasn't just my world that was shaking and falling apart, the entire room was. I felt a surge of strength and I felt the pull in my gut that I pushed the poison out of my body. It oozed from my head wound, it came out in my tears, it even seeped out of my pours. I stood up and walked toward her with the entire apartment shaking. I took a glance out the window and in the brief moment I saw the buildings in the city swaying like trees in a hurricane. The ground looked like the ocean in a big storm, waves that were taller than some buildings. Explosions were going off everywhere from broken gas lines, it looked like a scene from a bad sci-fi movie. I was causing this earthquake, an actual earthquake. I kept walking toward the goddess and grabbed her by the throat. For the second time, I looked into her eyes and saw sheer terror. I looked down to Annabeth and saw that she was suffering. "FIX HER!" I screamed into the goddess' face. She shook her head, "It is too late there is no cure for her poison. Enjoy your time while you can demigod" My grip loosened a small amount, and she took advantage of that. She twisted my wrist breaking my hold on her throat and quickly vanished into shadows. The room was still shaking, and when I fell to the floor to hold Annabeth, I started crying. Tears splashed all on Annabeth's face, I started yelling out for help. I knew that no one would be able to come help in time. I felt a soft hand on my face, looking down I looked into the stormy gray eyes that I had fallen in love with. They were filled with tears when she spoke. "Percy, don't feel sorry for me. I'm sorry that we couldn't have our happy ending, but the time I spent with you has been the best of my life. Don't lose yourself alright? I'll wait for you in Elysium. But if you get there quickly, I'm going to kick your butt every day until the end of time. I expect to see you when you are old and gray. Got it?" I shook my head violently, "I can't do that Annabeth, I can't go on without you. I cannot promise you anything." She pulled my head down so our lips could meet. I held the kiss as long as I could. As if the kiss could cure her. Eventually she pushed me away a bit and with a small smile, she looked into my eyes and said, "Percy Jackson, I love you. Don't lose yourself, okay?" I nodded a bit, "I promise Annabeth." "Swear it on the Styx." More tears rolled down my cheeks, "I swear on the River Styx, I won't lose myself." She gave me one last smile, then she let out her breath, and she was gone. When I came to my senses I wasn't in my mom's apartment anymore. I was underwater in my father's palace. I looked around my bed and I saw my half-brother Tyson. He looked like he had been crying for a while, his lone eye was blood shot. When he saw that I was awake he scooped me up in a huge hug and I thought my ribs would break. "Tyson, gentle! I can't breathe!" He released me and stepped back a step. "I am sorry brother. I thought you were dead." "What happened? Where is Annabeth?" I asked. I looked around hoping that I would find her. "Tyson, why don't you go prepare for our departure," a deep calm voice came from behind me. I turned around and saw Poseidon, my father, walking toward us. His usual tropical shirt and shorts replaced with a black suit. His usual happy looking face was sullen and eyes puffy. When Tyson left, my father walked up to me and put his hands on my shoulders. "Son, I want to give you the most sincere apology that I can give. Athena and I tried to come help you and Annabeth, but Akhlys had allies that surrounded the entire block completely impenetrable to any immortal, and by the time we got word to your friends the earthquake had started and it was impossible for anyone to even get close to Manhattan." "What of Annabeth? Mom? Paul?" I asked as I felt my stomach become an even deeper pit than before. My world fell from under me when his head sunk and he shook his head. "It was too late for us to reach you. It took all of the gods' power to break the magic barrier and I had to transport you down here before you caused Manhattan to be completely destroyed. You are the only survivor." I couldn't believe my ears, they were all dead. I couldn't speak He continued, "The funeral for your mother and Paul will be in an hour. The gods have seen to it that Annabeth receives a hero's funeral on Olympus. It will be later tonight. I have a suit for you if you wish to go. But if you need to stay down here and be alone, we all understand." "No, I need to go. I need to see them. Can we get Grover and the rest of my friends?" He nodded, "Anything else" I thought for a second, "I don't know how well I will handle this. If I start losing control, can you get me out of there?" He thought for a second, "Zeus may not like it, but I think he will agree that, given the circumstances, it is for the best if we transport you somewhere for everyone's safety." I was glad