04/16/2017 My time at Hogwarts: Year One July 1, 2004 My letter finally came. My letter finally came! I feel so overwhelmed I could just cry! I'd been afraid that I wouldn't be going to Hogwarts this year on account of my birthday landing on September 2nd, one day after the cutoff date. In my worry, I'd secretly used my sister's beautiful snowy owl Aragorn every week since I'd turned 10 to write to Hogwarts and beg Headmistress McGonagall to let me in. I'd told her that I was a straight A-student (even though I was homeschooled) and that I wouldn't cause any trouble. I even made a whole chart outlining how different I was from all the other troublemakers she'd had to deal with in the past like the revered marauders, the infamous Weasley twins, and the golden trio. I told her that my sister had told me all about them and that I had learned from their mistakes and would be a model student. I would never dare to step a toe out of line. My mother always said I was very obedient, and I would never play any mean pranks on anyone. I never received a reply from the Headmistress, but then again Aragorn always came back without his letter so I crossed my fingers and spent many worried evenings waiting for the day my letter was supposed to arrive. I almost didn't trust my eyes when I saw the long awaited owl swooping through the neighborhood clutching letters in its claws. I watched it from my bedroom window, spellbound, and it wasn't until I heard the dull thunk of the letters getting deposited through the mail flap that I was spurred into action. Heart pounding, I tore through the house and skid to a stop at the bottom of the stairs. There were two letters, and I snatched them both up. The ruby red crest sent a thrill through my chest and with a shaky hand I turned it over to look at the inscription: Ms. Brooklyn Ferrars Number 85 Melrose Ave. Top of the bunk bed The black ink glimmered like it had been penned mere moments before. "Well, what are you waiting for?" I heard my mom say from behind me. "Your sister won't be able to stand it if you don't open it soon." I looked at them beseechingly. "Am I dreaming?" My sister Ambrosia looked liable to explode. "Just open it already!" As I did my best to extract the letter without ruining the envelope, I couldn't help remembering the day my sister first got her letter. There'd been a fair bit of confusion at first when the strange woman in colorful robes appeared on our door and told us that my sister and I possessed magic. Us being pretty normal people, it was difficult to wrap our minds around the fact that there was such a thing. It couldn't be denied that during our childhood suspicious things would occur whenever we were excited or angry, but my parents had put it down to their imaginations. My mom had been the first to recover, and being the master investigator that she was, she'd gotten straight to the point. She demanded to know everything about the school and its faculty, what they taught, how the school worked, and how she could be sure that this wasn't some elaborate hoax. The poor professor of Muggle Studies looked flustered at first but seemed to rally as she consistently answered mom's questions with satisfaction. My father seemed pretty unfazed by it all, despite being taken aback initially. As my mom conducted her interrogation he was sitting in his usual chair with a cup of tea in hand and I could hear him muttering to himself, "I knew I wasn't crazy. All those times when I said that their broccoli had turned into ice cream and chips, and Jenna didn't believe me. Well, now we know the truth!" I could hardly understand what was going on at the time, but as soon as we were conducted to Diagon Alley and introduced to the world of magic, my whole life changed. I'd been watching my sister step onto the Hogwarts Express on September 1st for two years, unable to do anything but dream and sigh and bombard her with questions about school whenever she was back for a holiday. And now it was finally my turn to discover the magical world for myself. I felt a thrill as I unfolded the parchment and began to read: Dear Ms. Ferrars, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on the first of September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Headmistress I started shrieking as I finished reading the first page, and gleefully danced around the room chanting one endless, glorious refrain: "I'm going to Hogwarts! I'm going to Hogwarts!" My sister was quick to join in, and we continued quite rapturously in this way until my mom ushered us into the kitchen to prepare for lunch, and asked me to hand over both the letters and the book lists. We danced around for another quarter of an hour. August 31, 2004- Leaky Cauldron This has to be the best day ever! Beyond a few minor dampers to the morning, including being told that I wouldn't be getting my own uniforms or books, but would instead be receiving my sister's old ones that she no longer fit or needed, the day could not have gone better if I had dreamed it all up. I'd spent the last two years dreaming about the day when I would finally get to step into Diagon Alley to buy my own set of school supplies and, most importantly, my own wand. I'd spent many hours pining over my sister's, which was an extremely handsome Ash wand with a unicorn hair core. Its handle was etched with a Nordic design, and I was hugely envious of it. I could only hope mine was half so beautiful. As we made our through the Leaky Cauldron my sister and I could hardly keep still we were so excited. I was enjoying looking at all the strangely attired people, and listening to my sister as she pointed things out and imparted some new knowledge about the pub to me. Then we were stepping through the barrier to Diagon Alley, and I saw it as if for the first time. Magic fairly permeated the air of the crowded cobblestone street, its various shops and vendors bursting with color and life. There were so many new sights and sounds that tantalized my senses I hardly knew where to look first. I thought I would die of happiness. Despite the eternal shame of having to wear hand-me-down uniforms, I was getting my own robes since my sister's had a Gryffindor patch on it. My sister had told me everything about the four Hogwarts houses: Gryffindor was the brave house and Ravenclaw was smart. There was also Slytherin, a very cunning house that almost nobody liked, and Hufflepuff which was a very nice house to be in. She already had a friend in Hufflepuff named Andressa, and she'd told me with authority that I'd most certainly be in Hufflepuff as well. We were just passing by the Quality Quidditch Supplies shop when we ran into my sister's friends from school, Carissa and Katie, who were fellow Gryffindors. They'd been on their way check out the new brooms inside the shop, and since all three of them were on the house team they wanted to talk about the new season and how they were going to take down Ravenclaw, who'd won the house cup two years in running. My mom only agreed to let her join them after extracting promises to meet up at Florean Fortescue's Ice-cream Parlour in an hour. My dad, who'd been eyeing the shop as we stood there, made some excuse about keeping an eye on my sister and told my mom he'd stick with her for a while. Of course, this was just a flimsy excuse for him to talk to the shop keeper about the international season and how his favorite team, the Heidelberg Harriers, were doing. Ever since learning about Quidditch from my sister, he'd been almost wild about the sport. He ordered the Daily Prophet and Seeker Weekly, buying all sorts of books like "Quidditch Through the Ages" so he could better understand the game, and routinely sent her owls to ask about how her team was doing. My mom relented with a roll of her eyes and we continued on our way to Gringotts alone. I couldn't help feeling a little hurt that my sister didn't want to come with me to get my wand, but the thought was driven from my head as we entered the bank. I was a little afraid of the goblins. After all, they had unfathomable dark eyes, pointy teeth, sharp nails, and they always seemed to be smirking like they knew something bad about you and couldn't wait to tell someone else about it. I was glad when we were finally done exchanging our money and on our way to Flourish and Blotts. I gazed longingly at the Magical Menagerie as we passed, spying an adorable black kitten in the window that followed me with its glittering emerald eyes. But I knew better than to ask once more for a new pet. My mother wasn't a big animal person and yet had been enduring being the owner of two dogs, a cat, and an owl for many years. She wasn't about to buy another one, as she reminded me every time I brought up the idea. Which was often. Ollivander's was the last place on our list, and the tinkling of the doorbell alerted Mr. Ollivander to our presence right away. He was at the front desk as we stepped inside, and glanced up at us with his inscrutable pale eyes. "Mrs. Ferrars, how very nice to see you again. Another one for Hogwarts? You must be very proud." "Very. Our little Brooklyn has been looking forward to school since her sister started two years ago, haven't you Brookie?" I nodded mutely. "I remember her well, Ambrosia wasn't it? 12 ½ inches, Ash with a unicorn core and slightly stiff. A perfect match for such a stubborn and loyal girl." He walked around the desk and began measuring me with a tape measure. After a few moments of silence, he scratched his chin. "For you, I think… yes, yes perhaps that will do…" he slowly disappeared back into the dusty aisles, muttering to himself as he searched. I was so nervous I thought I was going to throw up, but he reappeared in only a few minutes and beckoned me forward. "Yes, I think this will do quite nicely." He pulled out a rather plain looking, golden brown wand and was gazing at me with something akin to satisfaction. "12 1/4, Pear wood, unicorn hair core, slightly yielding- just the thing for the likes of you." What he meant "for the likes of you" I had no idea, but I took the wand anyway with a shaking hand. I immediately felt warmth spread through my fingers and I looked up at Mr. Ollivander questioningly. He smiled like the cat that got the cream. "Yes, that will do very well indeed." As my mother paid Mr. Ollivander I took a look at my new wand which had apparently chosen me: It was as plain as plain could be, with two ridges to signify the end of the hilt and a few less than exciting engravings on the handle which gently wiggled and swirled in no discernible pattern whatsoever. I was a mass of contradictory feelings. I was thrilled