A/N: This was rather difficult for me to write because this ship isn't exactly my favorite (more of a NOTP), but it was the one I could bear from the all the other choices. So, naturally, I proceeded to write almost 3k. XD Written For: The Quidditch League Fanfiction Competition Round 1 Team: Holyhead Harpies Position: Chaser 3 {NOTP of Chaser 1: Sirius/Marlene} Prompts: [Phrase] Over the Moon, [Song] Dollhouse - Melanie Martinez, [Object] Broken Wine Glass Word Count: 2,978 Thank you to my wonderful beta's: Sam (MissingMommy), Shannon (JailyForever), and Bex (DobbyRocksSocks)! Disclaimer: Nope. Never Have, Never Will. Following my happiness (It's you) Present Day: McKinnon's Residence The air hangs dry and cold in the night. The black canvas above glitters with stars, emitting their soft light like fireflies. Muffled laughter travels from inside the house to his ears where he stands on the porch, still and waiting. Warmth radiates from the small, but cozy, home and it makes him realize how cool the night air really is. Shivers make their way down his spine the longer he's outside. The cold breeze has him tugging his jacket closer to his body as if the piece of leather can provide any comfort or semblance of heat to him. Lips part open only to close soon after, eyebrows furrow in confusion, hands open and close into fists, and still, Sirius seems unable to formulate a coherent sentence— any word at all–in the tense situation. A humorless laugh cuts through the air like a knife; all sharp and pitched. "Oh, Merlin, you can't be serious!" Marlene snaps, body trembling and eyes watering. She angrily stuffs her hands in the pocket of her hoodie, hunching her shoulders forward, and letting her hair cascade like a curtain in front of her. His fingers twitch by his side, wanting to reach forward and sweep the hair behind her ear. He wants to wrap his arms around her and whisper that everything will be okay as he rubs soothing circles on her back. He wants to do so much, but all he does is stand there, frozen like an audience before a horror film, waiting for the action to commence, and watch sweet, beautiful Marlene's face twist in anger. "I'm asking for one small thing, not a billion dollars! It's not a declaration of your eternal love. It's only one word. Would it kill you, Sirius? Would it really?" Her lips press together in a thin line almost making them seem nonexistent. Her voice and body tremble with rage. "I'm not asking for your hand in marriage or even a promise of forever. I'm just asking for us to be a thing . For us to be something real . I'm not going to be one of your flings or a ' friend with benefits'. I'm much classier than that, and I thought you knew as much as that." "You're not a friend with benefits," he speaks quickly. "You're my . . ." And like every other conversation they've had, Sirius lets the words trail off. He curses under his breath. Why can't he say it? It's on the tip of his tongue. Girlfriend. Lover. Partner. Those words never fail to leave a terrible taste in his mouth. She lets out a huge sigh, closing her eyes and leaning against the door. "Save it. I don't want to hear it." "We're -" The charming words that always flow so easily out of his mouth fail him. It's as if there's a ball stuck in his throat making him unable to speak. One look at her face and he knows it's impossible to say the same words he told several others. He can't gloss the topic. "It's not-" "What are you so afraid of?" Marlene whispers, her voice watery and small. Unease settles deep in his stomach. He never wanted to see Marlene McKinnon, the strongest girl he knows, vulnerable. It kills him that it's his fault causing her to act this way. "I like you. I really, really like you. I ... I can't believe I'm saying this." She laughs, tears spilling on her red hoodie and wooden boards, "I'm over the moon for you, Sirius. But I thought you liked me, too. I can't be in this weird limbo— this uncertainty— especially not in times like these." Sirius steps forward, eyes filled with desperation just like his voice. "I do, Marlene, I like you too." It doesn't escape his notice that she flinches. "I like you so much. Please, don't do this." The hesitation in her expression is clear as day, but she shakes her head and turns her back on him. His heart pounds in his ears and he can barely register how hoarse his voice sounds when he cries out Marlene . She gives him a dreamy smile right before she opens the door. The same dreamy smile which makes him weak in the knees and leaves him breathless. "Come to me when you're ready to say yes. Face your inner fears and demons, Sirius. This is goodbye for now." She twists the doorknob and with a voice so quiet that he has to strain his ears in order to hear it, she whispers, "I'll be waiting." Sirius wants to scream and punch something. He likes Marlene, maybe he even loves her, but he couldn't say anything to her. He couldn't bring himself to finally put a label on them. It isn't her. It's him as cliche as it sounds. It's all of his irrational childhood fears. His dysfunctional family which warped his concept of relationships. He stalks towards his motorcycle and heads towards the nearest bar he could find. It's in there that he drowns in his sorrows. Age 9: 12 Grimmauld Place He wasn't supposed to be downstairs that night. Kreacher had left him tucked in bed, but he had gotten thirsty sometime in the night. Making his way as quietly as he could he trekked downstairs. Sirius was confused and scared when he spotted light coming from the dining room. After all, he wasn't supposed to get out of bed past his bedtime and he'd get in big trouble if his mother or father saw him. Sirius tiptoed down the hall and peered into the room through the small crack in between the door and the doorframe. He frowned when he saw his mother sitting alone at the table with Kreacher standing dutifully by her side. She was dressed up in an elegant green, silky dress, holding a cigar in her right hand. The table was filled with fancy dishes and not a single one was touched. Walburga took a long drag of her cigar and let out a steady line of smoke circles. "Leave the wine, but take the rest of the food away. He's too late." Kreacher nodded, magicking the food away with a single snap of his fingers. "As you wish, Mistress Black." "As I wish," she echoed, mockery and bitterness laced her voice. "Of course, I don't wish this! How could I possible want my husband to miss our date? He said he'd be here, and I actually believed the filthy scumbag." Sirius remained frozen at the door, unsure of what was happening. "That oh so dear husband of mine is with that bitch again," she spat, lips curled in an angry scowl. "I don't care if they fuck or not on a daily basis, but this was our night. And, of course, he's four hours late! If his toy had asked him, the bastard would've been there early." Walburga placed her cigar to the side and started taking deep breaths to calm herself. She ranted more and more about his worthless father and how he needed to more discreet lest the other families find out. Words raced around in Sirius' mind too big for him to able to comprehend. He didn't know where his father was and why his mother was so angry; all he knew was that he didn't want to hear anymore. On shaky legs, he tried to move away from the crack of the door, but a small pop sounded followed by his mother's thundering voice. "How nice of you to finally show up!" She stood up, clutching the table with both arms. Her nails piercing their delicate fabric. "Did you forget what day it is? What we had planned for today?" His father sighed heavily. "Was today another dinner?" He shrugged, taking off his coat jacket. His collared shirt was wrinkled and it seemed like he had been bitten by lots of bugs since his neck was all purple. Sirius thought his neck must've been itching. "We'll reschedule it. Whilst I don't see the point of these dates, I'll continue to humor you, Walburga." Sirius cowered as his mother grabbed a wine glass from the table and flung it at his father. His father simply stepped to the side and let the glass smash against the wall. Sirius remained rooted to the spot for the remainder of their argument and only left when it seemed his father was coming his way. His legs couldn't have carried him faster to his room. He quickly slipped into his bed and under his covers, his eyes wide and mind blown. He didn't go to sleep that night. Present Time: Muggle bar 'The Crow' Intoxication creeps up on him quickly. His mind blurs childhood memories together, but a recurring one of his mother and father arguing persists. It's not even the same memory. It's different memories that surface and combine into a ginormous one. Memories of his mother throwing objects at his father. Memories of lying awake at night and hearing his father come home at odd hours of the night and early morning. Memories of his mother, father, Regulus, and himself posing for a family portrait of which Orion showed up late. Memories of his mother burning their family portrait after his father's mistress became pregnant. Memories of Walburga installing her very own self-portrait in its place which screamed almost every other night. Memories of Walburga having affairs of her own. Then the realization that most other pureblood families were the same except it was apparently a taboo topic. He groans, letting his head hit the table. He's perfectly content to wallow in his own misery. Of course, his mind refuses to let him which he's upset about. Honestly, isn't his mind supposed to cease functioning right about now? "What's eating you up, son?" the bartender asks, not unkindly. Sirius glances up and attempts to smile though it ends up as a grimace. "Ah, love troubles." "How do you know?" Sirius flushes as the man tips his head. "Is it obvious? Am I obvious?" The bartender shakes his head and laughs. "Look at me, boy. I've been bartending for years. I know love troubles when I see them." "Save your breath," Sirius mumbles. "It's a hopeless situation." I'm hopeless. The bartender grins. "Nothing's hopeless if you try. Just ask yourself whether you really care for them and the answer will come to you. Don't be afraid and take the jump." The man's ridiculous if he thinks that's going to break Sirius' fear. Of course right when Sirius is about to respond, the bartender goes to another customer. But then his words swirl around his mind. He's scared. Sirius is so, so scared of ruining what he has with Marlene that he doesn't even want to try . That is, if he hasn't already ruined it. It's just that . . . he's not sure if he's ready for something serious. He's not sure if he's ready to be in a relationship. Relationships don't work. He knows this for a fact. All of the couples around him have eventually broken up or ended up in an awful marriage. He doesn't want to be in a relationship with Marlene if they're not going to work out in the end. He doesn't want the heartbreak that follows