So. I was making this as a birthday present for ActressCeCe. And even though it's too late- happy birthday. I hope you enjoy this. I had always hated my birthday. This cold day the eleventh of March wasn't an exception- not even for the matter of fact that I was turning sixteen. As I- walking around in a kiosk on the bus station in some town called Forks- slipped a few chocolate bars and a small box of raisins down the inner pockets of my jacket and then hid behind a shelf pretending to stand and choose between the small bags of sweets while I watched the man standing by the cashier. He started walking towards the doors, I walked up right behind him and closer and closer until I was almost side by side while I carefully slipped down one of my chocolate bars I hadn't paid for in his back pocket. I didn't like doing this- faking it so someone else would get caught for what I had done- But as it looked right now it was one of the very few choices I had- the others being eating from the trash or just as well starve myself. Of course the scanners by the doors started beeping with me walking towards the doors right by the side of the man. I fake flinched and looked to the man and then to the cashier who came running. "I- I saw him put something in his pocket." I lied. The man looked confused and I did my very best to hide the fact that I was lying. As I said I didn't like lying, I didn't like putting the blame on anyone else but I didn't have no other choice. A few weeks ago I had taken all of my saved money, taken from picking up dimes that had been dropped on the street, and paid for a bus ticket to go to Seattle, then from early this morning I had gone from Seattle to a small town called Forks. I had read the papers in gas stations and read about people- mostly teenagers that had disappeared from Seattle and not been found. I had heard about murders, dead bodies that had been found killed in the cruelest ways. And even though they were only a small part of everybody in Seattle at night- I understood it would be the safest for me to leave town and head for some smaller, calmer place. I didn't have any money left, but to me the most important thing now was that my so called dad wouldn't be able to find me because I had gone further than to just some time there would be buses straight from Teton to. But even though that was important, now I had no idea what to do. And to get just a little hum on what to do I'd need something to eat, to be able to think at all. And if doing this meant that I would have to steal and lie. Then at least it would be better than getting caught by the police- because that would mean I would be sent back to my father. And there was no place worth than with Mr. Alexander Tanner- the man that people said to be my father. The cashier locked to the doors to the kiosk and another one called the police. When the police came I had to stand a bit in the background but as they called me to come closer and I kept on saying that I had seen the man put something in his pocket. No one believed me to have done anything, and when they asked for my name I used the name of a girl at my last school- Jessica Fae. "You're free to go now Miss Fae" One of the police said at last- I turned around and took my jacket without another word and left through the back door. I hadn't thought that anyone was still looking at me when I pulled up one of the chocolate bars out of my pocket. "HEY. YOU!" I heard behind me, and turned around enough to see one of the cashier's standing in the door. There wasn't any time to think or hesitate, I just let go of the bar and run for as fast as my short, bony legs carried me down the road and over the street- hearing the cashier shouting behind me I just concentrated on continuing to run- and not where I was running. And maybe that was why I didn't see the bits of ice I would have jumped over or run past if I had only seen them. It must have been cold tonight, and it was still early in the morning so the frozen water that laid in spots on the streets weren't melted yet. There wasn't any time to avoid them, as I running for what felt like running for my life slipped on one. Things seemed to move in slow motion as my feet flew up in the air while my upper body fell, and then my head hit the stone, icy ground. And everything went black. When I started drifting back to reality I felt a pair of something that felt like two pieces of hard ice on both sides of my head and neck, I felt something warm running down my forehead and my wrist was throbbing badly. When I opened my eyes I saw a pale, blonde man whose icy cold hands were holding my head still. My first intention was to get up on my feet and make a run for it. But barely had I woken up- yet I was still in a half- awake state- and thought about moving I heard the man who was holding my head in between his hands starting to talk. "Hey, sch, sch, sch. Don't move" I felt my breathing getting slower and more shallow without really being able to slow it down. "Sch sweetheart." He comforted- or more likely tried to comfort. "You need to keep still." His voice was strict, yet calm and kind- and I didn't know what else to do than to listen to what he told me. "Can you tell me your name dear?" "Br…" I began starting to say my own, real name but quickly interrupted myself and tried to remember what name I had used earlier. The cashier and the police were standing around and I didn't want to risk them start to count something out if I used different names. "Jessica Fae" I said at last. The man smiled slightly just as the sirens of an ambulance started echoing somewhere far away yet only barely close enough for me to hear. "My name is Carlisle… Dr. Carlisle Cullen." He presented himself not moving his hands from their spots at the sides of my head and neck. And to try to get a glimpse of what he was doing I looked to the side as long as I could without turning my head to try and catch a glimpse of his hands. "Hey it's okay. Don't move your head." He seemed to realize what I was trying to do. "I'm just stabilizing your neck- in case you hurt it in the fall you need to keep it still." I closed my eyes, I really had made a fool out of myself with everything. Now I would end up in hospital and by tomorrow I would be back with my dad- or rather the man people said and believed was my dad. But he couldn't never be my dad- a dad wouldn't do the things that my father had done to me. … " BREE YOU BRAT" I heard my father come into the room and he grabbed my shirt from behind, lifted me up and threw me down to the floor. Before I had the time to get up he had pulled his arm backwards and held the other one pressed towards my chest with a steady grip of my shirt to hold me down onto the floor. " Dad…" " Dad…. DAD…. Well if you want me to be that then say something, excuse what you've done, make my time worth yours. Say something that will make it better to the point so I won't have to give up on you…. I didn't notice my breathing getting faster until Dr. Cullen started trying to make me calm down again just as the ambulance pulled over by us and the paramedics came rushing and put me on a stretcher. "Let me go." I breathed but no one seemed to hear as they put something on the sides of my neck. "LET ME GO." I shouted and tried to move but they held me still. "LET ME GO, LET ME GO, LET ME I heard the paramedics and Dr. Cullen speak to me but I couldn't understand what they were saying. I had to get away from here and run, run for my life, from my feelings, from everything that hurt so much I didn't quite know how to deal with it "LET ME GO!" ..."LET ME GO" I shouted to my dad's friend Max who held my arms behind my back and held me still while dad and two of their other friends took their blows. "LET ME GO. SAY SOMETHING I CAN DO. JUST SAY WHAT I CAN DO AND I'LL DO IT IF YOU DON'T HURT ME."… I hadn't yet noticed it, but tears were spurting from my eyes a lot faster than either I or anyone else would have the time to wipe them away. When I was shouting my voice was hoarse and breaking and sobs- one after one and faster and faster were escaping my throat until I just couldn't bear shouting anymore- and that's when I finally noticed I was crying. "Please let me go." It was barely more than a whisper and I didn't really expect anyone to hear. "I'll give back what I took, I'll do anything just as long as you'll let me go." I still didn't realize that I was sobbing wildly even though my speaking was cut off by it. And I still hadn't thought anyone would hear, but Dr. Cullen did. "I'm sorry child." He said in a soft, comforting tone. "We need to take you to the hospital." I couldn't go to the hospital. I really couldn't! "NO" I shouted and tried sitting up and pushing the other backwards, held down by the stretcher, straps and the stupid thing around my neck. "NO LET ME GO" I really couldn't go to the hospital. As soon as they would have found out who I really was they would call up the man said to be my father, and then I would be back with him again. Back on square one and end up getting killed from running away in the first place. "Let me go." I couldn't keep on shouting when uncontrolled sobbing wrenched my whole body. "Let me go. Let me go." Dr. Cullen leaned over me again and yet I barely felt anything as he poked something into my arm and pushed it to cause the fluid to go into my system. "Let me go." It was something in between a mumble and a whisper the last time I tried to make my voice heard before I drifted off and let myself be embraced by a soft, safe darkness. When you're sleeping, or when you black out, go unconscious in any way. Then the second you open your eyes feels like the same second that you closed them. You're not aware of that what might have been anything from just a second to several years have passed by during that one split second until you wake up again and have got a hang of time again. I used to always wish that it would last longer, to have something