Disclaimer: J. K. Rowling owns Harry Potter, and therefore everything in this fanfiction that you recognize. CHAPTER ONE "Are you ready?" Draco nodded seriously at his mother, staring at the brick that he knew would open the door to a world. Lucius drew his wand, and tickled it. As the brick began to wiggle, Draco closed his eyes and counted to ten. When he opened his eyes again, it was right there in front of him. Diagon Alley. Draco Malfoy smiled as he breathed in the life of the place, lined with stores and crowded with students and parents doing their back to school shopping. He pushed his shoulders back and puffed up before marching forward, flanked by his parents. This year, he wasn't coming with a governess or his mother to get an ice cream and people watch. This year, he would be one of the people shopping. He grinned up at his mother, and she sneaked a smile back. Lucius offered his arm to Narcissa, and the family of three paraded down the alley. "Where do you want to go first, Draco?" Narcissa asked, smiling at her eleven-year-old son. "Quality Quidditch Supplies!" he said excitedly, looking up at her with wide eyes. "They have a new broom, Mum, it's supposed to be even faster than the other models! Puddlemere United is going to buy them for the whole team, and so is Ireland's team, and Scotland's team…" Narcissa laughed. "Well, if everyone is going to have one, so will you." "No one in his year will have one, Narcissa," Lucius broke into their conversation. "You're a first year, Draco. First years aren't allowed brooms, as you well know. Wait until next year, when you'll be able to bring it to school. I'm sure they'll have come out with the next latest, greatest model by then." Draco visibly wilted, not meeting his father's eyes. "Where's the list, Narcissa?" Mr. Malfoy asked briskly. "We should get this done as quickly as possible." Narcissa fumbled in her reticule, drawing out the crisp parchment. Draco's eyes followed his letter as his father took it. The man scanned it, then gave it back to Narcissa. "Well," he said. "Narcissa, why don't you go look at wands. I'll go get the boy's books, and Draco, you go get your robes. It's a simple enough task, I'm sure you'll be able to do it on your own." His tone left no room for argument. Draco's parents separated in front of Madame Malkin's, Narcissa moving back up the street, and Lucius stalking into Flourish and Blott's. Draco was left alone in front of the robe-maker's shop. As he perused the window display, Lucius aimed an admonition like glare at his son. Draco stiffened and turned to march into Malkin's shop. Before he could, the door flew open, and a family came out. All three had brown hair, the adults with glasses, the daughter with huge teeth that Draco couldn't miss. How could he, when her mouth was wide open, gabbling away. "I know we still have to get the school books, Mum, but do you think I could have whatever is left over? I wanted to get some extras, heaven knows it will be hard enough to start a new school, don't you think I should know something about the culture? Of course, we don't know how much anything costs yet, but I already have my wand, and that's the most important thing, don't you agree? But again, wands are nothing without books to learn spells from, which brings us back to the assigned books and extra reading…" Draco stared as they passed by. It didn't seem that the girl even needed to breathe; he didn't think she stopped for a single breath. Shaking his head, he walked into the shop she had just exited. What an incredible swot, he thought, she'll have no friends. Still, even though he tried to dismiss her and her family, the image of the three brown-haired people, walking up the street with their arms about each other stayed with him as he greeted Madame Malkin and began to fit his robes. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . She had always been the outsider, always been the nerd, the swot that no one wanted to be friends with. No one understood how fun school was, how she could even want to go back, miss it. Most people skipped whenever they could, but not Hermione. She was there every possible day. So when Minerva McGonagall appeared at her front door with a letter, Hermione was excited. Her parents were more skeptical. Are you sure , they asked the professor. Are you sure there's no mistake? But she knew it, knew in her heart of hearts that it was true. She, Hermione Granger, was a witch. She thought it explained everything, from her social awkwardness to her amazing grades. She convinced herself to study harder, and convinced her parents to buy her extra books from the wizarding bookstore. A wizard's bookstore . It was a dream come true for Hermione, who could never have enough books. Her parents got her the books, smiling at each other over her head at their daughter's excitement. The rest of summer was a blur. She memorized all the textbooks, eyes wide in wonder at every single thing that was mentioned. She read the histories, not understanding half the words, words that included pureblood , half-blood , blood traitor , blood-status , muggle-born . Her parents were muggles. She was a witch. It was as simple as that. She woke her parents up at 6 AM on September 1st. "Hogwarts today!" was the constant refrain as she said last minute good-byes to her cat, to the bird, to the next-door neighbor who tolerated her but wasn't exactly a friend. She would have friends, real friends, once she got to Hogwarts. She knew it. She could feel it in her bones. "Platform Nine…Hermione, the next one is Platform Ten. There is no 'nine-and-three-quarters'," Mr. Granger said, scratching the back of his head. "Don't you remember, Daddy?" she asked impatiently. "We have to run at the barrier. Magic, remember?" Mr. and Mrs. Granger exchanged a look over their daughter's head. "Look, honey," Mr. Granger said, crouching down to Hermione's level. "It's hard for Mummy and I to see that there's magic here. We've been here before, remember when we went to visit Grandma in Wiltshire? There's never been anything between Platform Nine and Platform Ten. I commute to work every day. I'd notice if they were doing construction or anything." "But it's magic ," Hermione pleaded. "Perfectly safe. You wouldn't have noticed, you're a muggle, remember?" She looked at her mum. "You'll come with me, right, Mum?" Mrs. Granger smiled wanly at her daughter. She kneeled beside her husband. "Hermione," she whispered, blinking back tears. "Hermione, you're special . You're magic, and we…we're not. I think it's best if Daddy and I stay on this side of the barrier. Let's say our good-byes here." Hermione's bottom lip trembled. This wasn't what was supposed to happen…her parents were supposed to say good-bye on the Platform, and wave at her as the train pulled out of the station. That was what happened in all of her school books…She looked back and forth between her father and mother's worried faces. She gulped, hoping it wasn't actually as loud as it sounded in her head. "Okay," she whispered waterily. "Bye Mum, bye Dad…" They hugged her. "Be good at school, kid…" "Show them your Granger smarts." "We love you. We'll watch you go from here." "Love you," Hermione said, drawing away and leaning on her trolley to push it forward. After a few steps, she wondered if maybe she had packed one too many books. Her trunk was more than a little bit heavy. One day I'll have magic to do this , she thought as she broke into a run, racing at the barrier. She kept her eyes open the whole time, watching the wall draw closer and closer, refusing to cringe back or swerve to avoid a collision. That's what a muggle would do , she told herself, boosting her nerve. And I'm not a muggle. I'm a witch. Hermione watched as the wall shimmered before her eyes, before turning into a smoke that she easily passed through. Coming out on the other side, she gaped at the different Platform. Platform Nine-and-Three-Quarters, a sign said. "I did it!" she squealed. "I'm here!" She jumped up and down a few moments, before quieting. Returning to her much too heavy trunk, she pulled it off the trolley and made her way to the train. Finding a compartment was easy…she was obviously one of the first ones there, and most of them were empty. Huffing, she attempted to lift her trunk up onto the rack. "Here, let me help you with that," a voice said, enunciating each word perfectly. "Oh, thank you!" Hermione gasped, pushing her hair out of her face. A pale pair of hands helped her lift her trunk up onto the rack. "Merlin, what do you have in that thing?" the boy who had helped her panted, pushing his hair out of his face. "Books," she answered breathlessly. "Lots of them. I don't think I should pack as many next time…" "Yeah, that might make it easier," the boy drawled. Straightening, he held out a hand. "Malfoy," he said, then paused, clearly waiting for a reaction. When she just looked at him, he continued on. "Draco Malfoy." "Well, Mr. Malfoy, I'm Hermione," she said, shaking his hand. He made a face. "I don't like being called that. 'Mr. Malfoy.' Makes me think my dad's right behind me, and that's who they're talking to." He paused. "Do you have a last name, Hermione?" "As a matter of fact," she said mischievously, "I do." He raised his eyebrows at her, clearly expecting her to tell him. She just flopped back onto one of the seats, and looked at him. He was fairly pretty, she thought. Beautiful hair. White blond, almost translucent, although the effect was taken away from a little bit by the slicked back hairstyle he wore, which made his pointy chin and nose even more pronounced. But he had nice eyes, and that made up for the pointiness. Hermione had a terrible weakness for eyes. "Are you quite done?" he asked, growing tired of her inspection. "Or would you like me to spin around so you can examine my backside as well?" he added flippantly. Hermione reddened, and his cheeks became pink as well as he realised what he had implied. "So," he cleared his throat. "Last name?" "I don't think I'm going to tell you," the girl said contemplatively. "You put so much store in surnames." "Really?" He joined her on the seat, aiming for a nonchalant pose. "And you think that why?" "Most people would say their given name first," she said, leaning back. "But you started with your surname. You seem like one of those people to always call people by their last names, too. So, to cure you of that, you only get to know my first name." She smirked at the boy. He looked at her, emotionless, for a moment, before cracking a smile. "You're a Slytherin for sure," he said decidedly. Hermione's brow furrowed. "No, I don't think so," she said. "You see, I'm a…" She was interrupted by stomping steps, coming straight toward her compartment. "What's that?" she asked in alarm. Draco smirked at her expression. "Oh, it's probably just Crabbe and Goyle." She raised her eyebrows. "Probably?" Draco shrugged. "Or a couple of elephants, but I think those two are a fair guess." "Malfoy!" Goyle said as he entered the compartment. "I'm here. Crabbe too." "Well, I can see that," Draco said wryly as the two large boys