It's a good thing these hallways are so wide, Tobias thought, walking in silence next to the two monarchs and the ever-present cat. It was starting to concern him, to find the cat following him so carefully, but then the bodyguards had allowed it, so it was probably safe. Still, there also had to be a reason the monarchs wanted him to have bodyguards. And I'm sure they can deal with one wizard, animagus or no, he reasoned. They'd be pretty sucky bodyguards otherwise. And they didn't look like sucky bodyguards. They looked like damned impressive bodyguards. The eight walked in a loose box around the large group made up of him and Mo and the two monarchs and the cat. Everyone seemed to respect his distance. The cat stood between him and Sheyanan, and Sheyanan between him and Mohira. There was a bodyguard to his right, but the large, silent unseelie stayed six feet away from him and Mo. Anybody else in the hallway shied around the enormous nonhumans in their midst, lining the sides of the corridor as they watched and whispered. As usual, Tobias tried to ignore it, focusing on the comforting feeling of Mo's hands in his hair. She'd managed to get a hold of the whole braid and held it in both slimy hands, quietly sucking. He let her. If being Heir means I have to treat her differently, then I won't do it, he promised himself silently. Was this what his life was going to turn into, now? Mobs of bodyguards, and students carefully avoiding him in the hallways? Everyone fearing him again, this time for his position, rather than his appearance? Lucius Malfoy formally requesting an audience with me so he can personally apologize for the behavior of his son because I was too stupid to acknowledge Draco's apology? It was kind of fun, thinking that way about Umbridge, but... Lucius Malfoy is the Elven Ambassador? Did that mean he wasn't really a Death Eater? None of the People are to have anything to do with this 'lord' or his followers, called Death Eaters. The sole exception to this rule, of course, are those bid by the courts to infiltrate and observe them . The court could've just not realized that Lucius was a Death Eater, but then it had never been a real secret, at least to the humans. Could one be Ambassador and spy at the same time? Such a person would be important. Really important. And now he's worried he's going to lose that position, because his son insulted a schoolmate? The thought of Draco causing that sort of trouble had a certain appeal. The idea of a person like Lucius Malfoy being forced to grovel to him for it didn't. He didn't like Lucius, but the man wore dignity like a cloak. They were to meet Dumbledore in a meeting room not far from his office. The walk was not far, and so it wasn't long before they stopped in front of a set of double doors labeled the 'Longbottom Conference Room'. Tobias had just enough time to think that the Longbottoms must have given money to the school, or something, when the two bodyguards in front opened the double doors wide and announced, "Their Majesties Sheyanan and Mohira-she and their Highnesses Tobias and Moriyana-she, of the Unseelie Court." Oh, hell. That sounded a lot more official than Blaise's version. Blaise had sounded serious, sure, but he'd also been being formal as a way of messing with Umbridge, rather than from any real reason. This sounded more like some sort of strange court audience. Welcome to the first day of the rest of your life, Tobias. Apparently their grand entrance was too much for the cat, who left as soon as the doors opened. The room held an oval table with enough room for roughly fifteen people to sit. Dumbledore was sitting towards one end, but stood as the group entered. Tobias followed the two monarchs to sit across the table from him as the bodyguards took their places against the walls. "Greetings, your Majesties and Highnesses," Dumbledore said formally. You'd never know that he knew me, Tobias thought, somewhat disturbed. "Greetings, Headmaster Dumbledore," Sheyanan responded in kind. They all sat at once, and Tobias found himself one seat away from the two monarchs, but still closer to them than to Dumbledore, with Mo on his lap still chewing on his braid. The arrangement left him suddenly confused. Was he going to be talking to Dumbledore as one of his students, or as one of the Unseelie? Where were his loyalties, at this point? Then again, I don't really know where Dumbledore's loyalties will be, he realized. Dumbledore at least had been a human political figure. How would he approach this, now that Tobias was with the Court? Formally, Tobias realized. We already got that. And he still avoided Tobias' eyes. "You wished to speak with us, Headmaster Dumbledore," Sheyanan started. "It is only fair that you start." Somehow that sounded a little unfriendly, Tobias realized. What problem did Sheyanan have with Dumbledore? Or was he imagining it? She was perfectly polite , he told himself. But then she would be, wouldn't she? A knock at the door prevented further talk, as the nearest bodyguard opened the door to admit a fiercely scowling Professor Snape. "Ah, Severus," the headmaster greeted. "Thank you for arriving so promptly." Promptly? Seems like the man's late, to me, Tobias reflected silently. What's he doing here, anyway? And why was he so pissed off? Snape took his seat on Dumbledore's other side as the headmaster started to speak. "I wished to speak to you because events have lead us to a rather difficult conundrum. You see, your Heir Tobias-she is also, by coincidence, our 'Boy-Who-Lived' – Harry Potter." Tobias startled, staring at Dumbledore dumbly. Did he just- I thought that was a secret! Not anymore, apparently. Oh thanks, Dumbledore, Tobias thought. Prevent me from telling even my best friends who I am, then just blurt it out to the last people in the world I wanted to know. Then again, he'd been hiding it in order to avoid being Heir, so it wasn't really a problem anymore... Still seems kind of hypocritical. But wait. Dumbledore knew he was the Heir? Maybe one of the monarchs told him? Though he could've just figured it out when the two monarchs showed up on his doorstep asking for him. To Tobias' surprise, the two monarchs didn't seem particularly shocked by the revelation. Sheyanan cocked her head slightly, and looked at Tobias, but Mohira didn't react at all. "I fail to see how this could be a problem," he said calmly. "The boy's fame can only help us to reconcile our two worlds. Though of course we would have to explain how 'Harry Potter' could be at Beauxbatons and Hogwarts at the same time." He knows I'm supposed to be at Beauxbatons? "Ah," Dumbledore said lightly, "allow me to explain. I am sure that you have heard of the so-called 'Lord' Voldemort?" "We have," Mohira answered neutrally. "Well you see, Harry plays a rather important role in our struggle against him," Dumbledore said. "Lord Voldemort knows this. The Ministry is also feeling threatened by him, and me, at the moment, and was also becoming a problem. As such, we chose to have 'Harry' go to Beauxbatons for awhile, and 'Tobias' stay here. He looked so different anyway that we barely had to change anything. I have one of my people at Beauxbatons, pretending to be him, while he stays here, being 'Tobias', and, now, of course, Tobias-she of the Unseelie Court until he can be Harry Potter again and fulfill the role that he was born to." Role I was born to? What role? "Why not just actually send him to Beauxbatons?" Sheyanan asked. "The boy wished to stay here. Besides that, when the time comes, Harry's task will be difficult, and dangerous. He needs to be ready, and he cannot be if he does not receive the proper schooling, here, at Hogwarts. I hope that this will not be a problem for you." "We have no intention of removing him from Hogwarts," Sheyanan told him. "Provided, of course, that we can arrange something such that he can receive the training and support he needs for us here." No intention of removing me? Really? But what sort of training could he get, and still survive in his classes and take care of Mo? How much time did they think he had? And what was this 'role'? "I'm sure we could work something out," Dumbledore said. "I'm sure we can," Mohira put in smoothly, "but I fail to see why it is so crucial to you that the boy remain at Hogwarts. Unless it is in fact that you are Headmaster here, and so wield a certain control over the boy. I imagine that it has been quite convenient, over the years, to be Harry Potter's only recourse." Woah, Tobias thought. That was...interesting. "Mohira-she," Sheyanan said, staring at Dumbledore as she admonished her husband lightly. "How could you think so of the Headmaster? After all, he has taken such good care of Tobias in the past." They are angry, Tobias realized. Strange. What did they think Dumbledore had done against him? And why do they care? I'm alive. Dumbledore drew himself up straight, looking affronted. "I assure you, your Majesty, that I have done everything possible to ensure Harry's safety." Mohira smiled, exposing canines half again longer than Tobias'. "Ah, yes. Clearly safety must always be our number one priority. The boy must live to fulfill this great destiny that you have for him. But we digress. What is the nature of this 'role' you have imagined for him in your war? Surely you cannot think that because he survived the Dark Lord once, it is his destiny to face him down later?" "Not for that reason, no," Dumbledore said, shaking his head, "but the boy's birth and role were prophesied when he was still very young. It has been foretold that one of his description must face the Dark Lord. He is the only one that can take him down." His last sentence seemed to be directed at Tobias, who abandoned his previous thoughts to stare wide-eyed at him for a moment before speaking. "You want me to face Voldemort for you," he stated bluntly. "Alone. You honestly think I'm the one that has to kill him." "I am sorry, my boy," the headmaster started, tone sad, "but-" "No," Tobias told him. The headmaster cut off. "What?" "No," Tobias repeated. "I won't do it." Dumbledore didn't seem to know what to say. "You would - you would refuse? When you alone can do this, you would allow him to go on killing people, to take over everything?" "No," Tobias said more politely, "But I refuse to believe that my facing him in single combat is the only way that this can possibly go down. They," Tobias said, indicating the two monarchs, "believe it my duty and destiny to be their Heir. I can't be both, and they have a much more convincing argument. Theirs is based in fact, in law. What is some 'prophecy' next to that? Besides that," he continued, placing a hand on Mo's curls as she tugged his hair, "I don't know if you noticed but I have a child to care for, now. I'm not going to go off and get myself killed over some stupid prophecy." "And neither will we allow our Heir to be your pawn in this, Dumbledore," Sheyanan said, tone surprisingly harsh. "You will have to find someone else." "'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches,'" Dumbledore recited. "Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... And the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will