I sat down today with the best intentions of making some progress on my long overdue To Where The Mockingjay Flies story and this… happened. It started out as a plot bunny keeping me from the serious stuff, so I agreed to write it down just so I could get it out of my head. So I could get back to the important work you know, like making Peeta suffer more than S. Collins ever dreamed of. But then this little amalgam grew and morphed, and became disturbingly satirical and comically unpredictable. At the same time I could not stop writing out of curiosity of what the hell would happen next. So I present you with the AU-est AU of CF you have ever read. Please enjoy yourselves and don't make the mistake of taking it seriously. If you're into stories that aren't lined with plot holes the size of District Eleven, feel free to check out my other works or simply hightail it out of here and stalk the many gifted authors roaming this fandom. (See the end of the work for more notes.) I come to with a splitting headache. High-level adrenaline takes me right back up into survival mode. The Quell. The tree. The big bang. My head shoots up and the only reason I don't topple over is because my hands are tied tightly behind my back. The jungle arena has turned into a metal contraption and I realize I'm riding a hovercraft. And I'm not alone. Across from me sit the District One tributes Cashmere and Gloss, Finnick to my right and Johanna Mason to my left. They're all restrained and sporting varying grades of injuries. I don't see Peeta and I'm not sure whether to be happy or alarmed about that. "What's going on?" My voice is raspy, echoing painfully in my skull. "Not now, Katniss." Finnick doesn't even look at me, staring straight ahead. Cashmere and Gloss observe me with reservation, but are otherwise silent. They're probably as much out of the loop as I am. And Johanna, the perpetrator of my migraine and turn-coat to our alliance, is currently breathing through some kind of oxygen mask, which seems to take up most of her energy. Blood pools from a torso wound that hasn't been there when she back-stabbed me. I try to wriggle free of my restraints. The plasticuffs dig welts into my skin. I'm tied to something behind me, which makes it impossible to stand up. "Where are we going?" I want to know. "What happened? Where's Peeta?" "Not. Now." Finnick hisses. Well, I can piece together my own story, no problem. Beetee was successful in jerry-rigging the lightning tree. I shot the forcefield. I thereby not only effectively put an end to the Quarter Quell but also blasted the damn arena to pieces. What happened next is a guess, because the shockwave knocked me out cold. I presume the survivors were picked up by Games Security and we're now being flown back to the Capitol to face the consequences of this grande-mal fuck up. Peeta, Beetee and Annie are absent, which leaves two options: they're either being ferried in by a second hovercraft or they didn't survive the blast. I want to launch into a third wave of questions, but Finnick throttles me with a menacing glare. Not now. I get it. I also get that he knows more than the rest of us, which makes me question our surprising alliance in the first place. How could I have been so naive and agree to splitting up from Peeta! I turn to Johanna, wondering if she's been a conspirator in Finnick's scheme, but I get the same input from her: the iron curtain. Hush-hush. The hovercraft rocks, landing, and I brace myself for what's to come. We must have reached the Capitol. Once the ramp descends it'll be Peacekeepers en masse. But the hovercraft's belly remains closed. Minutes of nerve-wracking silence later I hear footsteps and then a very ill-tempered guard enters the cargo room. The butt of his rifle goes straight for Finnick's face, who yelps in both pain and surprise. "You better talk while you still have a tongue, Odair!" the guard barks. Finnick spits blood and mucus, trying to blink the stars from his vision. "What the hell went on back there?!" He puts a hand around Finnick's throat, squeezing. "President Snow will have your head for-" "Hey!" I can't control the words leaving my mouth, but the moment they do I know it was a mistake. The man lets go of Finnick and hovers dangerously over me. "Yes, Ms Everdeen? Something worthwhile to add?" "Leave her alone!" interjects Finnick before I do something even more stupid, like getting myself killed. "She doesn't know anything." Which is true, although I doubt the guy believes it, or even cares. "I'm cleared to avox all of you if that'll get me answers," we're threatened. "So talk." Johanna says something from my left, but it's muffled by her mask. It's certainly no compliment to our interrogator, but effectively gets his attention, which I'm not sure was her intention. Her mask is slipped off. Her breath comes in labored wheezes and I still don't catch what she's whispering next. Neither does the guard. He grabs her by the hair, yanks back and leans his own head closer to hers. "Louder, please." Johanna takes a deep breath and rasps "I said go to hell!" which is bad enough in itself, but she follows it up by snagging the guy's feet from underneath him and slamming her head against his. Long story short he ends up on the ground, ridiculed and Johanna cackles triumphantly. I'm not sure what this victory will get her apart from a lot of pain, but she seems very satisfied with herself despite struggling to find a sustainable breathing pattern. The guard, lobster-red, gets to his feet, stares us all into the ground and storms out of the cargo bay. Once he's gone and not coming back to shoot us dead on the spot, Finnick leans forward tentatively, looking over me at Johanna. "You alright?" Johanna slumps back against the wall, enriched with the experience of putting the guy in his place but now bereft of her air mask. She closes her eyes and coughs. "Fuck, no." After that it's back to waiting. Cashmere and Gloss haven't said a word since I woke up and both Finnick and Johanna refuse to indulge me on the severity of our situation. I don't think we're in the Capitol yet after all. We've landed somewhere and are waiting for something. The other hovercraft? Snow deciding on what to do with us? The guards waiting for either Finnick or Johanna turning supportive? The uncertainty is killing me, especially since it involves not knowing what's going on with Peeta. I watch Gloss leaning over and whispering something in Cashmere's ear. She considers, then tilts her head sideways so it looks like her brother is giving her a kiss on the head. Only that he draws back with something clamped between his teeth and, I'll be damned, they smuggled a freaking jack-knife into the Games. In Cashmere's coiffure. That's what I call a district token! Finnick, having seen it too, tenses up beside me. Gloss drops the blade into his sister's hands, who now works on freeing herself. We all wait entranced until they're done and Cashmere has her first say since the start of our captivity. "Finnick. On a scale from One to Ten; how bad?" "Eleven." Apparently that's bad enough. The twins get up and disappear through the door the guard came from. "What the hell is going on?" I whisper. "Not now, Katniss." "Right now. Where's Peeta?" I sound like a broken record. "I don't know," Finnick snaps. "And he's not a priority, ok? We need to get out of here first." "What happened in the arena?" "Shut the fuck up or we'll all be dead," hisses Johanna. "Good lord." I bite down on my tongue. Cashmere returns, bloody hands and a dripping knife. The guard problem seems to have solved itself. "Where to?" Finnick arches his eyebrows. "Gloss can fly?" "No. But he can hold a gun to the pilot's head. So?" Finnick hesitates. "Just tell her already," pleads Johanna. "Thirteen." "What?" Cashmere and I echo in unison. "Thirteen, goddamnit. District Thirteen." "Bad time for a joke, Finnick." "I'm not. It's Thirteen or the Capitol, alright?" Cashmere runs bloody fingers through her hair, as shaken as I. District Thirteen? Hasn't that been eradicated during the Dark Days? And what do Finnick and Johanna have to do with it? "Shit," Cashmere summarizes to the point. She hands Finnick the knife. "Get yourselves fixed up. I'll go tell Gloss." Once free I massage the feeling back into my wrists. Finnick conjures a medkit. "Give me your arm," he demands. "I did that already," says Johanna, reattaching the mask to her face. I look down at the fleshy mess that used to be my forearm. "Your tracker," Johanna clarifies. "I cut it out." Only now do I realize that Finnick and Johanna have the same wounds, probably self-inflicted. "We were supposed to get picked up by Thirteen," Finnick explains while wrapping gauze around my now trackerless arm. "That somehow backfired." "Why didn't you tell me?" "We couldn't. Snow had you monitored. It was too risky." "You all knew?" "One, Two and Nine didn't. Can you hold this, please?" I tack down on the dressing so Finnick can knot up a bandage around the cut on his leg. "Listen, the less you know the better. In case we do end up with Snow. Once we reach Thirteen you can ask Haymitch." "Haymitch was in on this?" I can't believe he front out lied to me the whole time! "Did Peeta know?" "No. He would have told you. We couldn't take the risk. Do you have any other injuries?" Apart from a respectable bump on the back of my head and the concussion to go with it, no. "I'm fine," I say. Finnick nods and moves over to Johanna, who's practicing first aid on herself. He gingerly pulls at the fabric surrounding her wound. "Who got you?" "Brute. After I lured Two away from her." She looks at me like I'm responsible for the gaping hole in her side. "Got you pretty good," Finnick declares and forages the med kit. "Lung?" "I don't know. I'm out of breath. Perhaps. Shit." "You'll be fine. Katniss. Can you help?" I hold some stacked gauze over Johanna's wound while Finnick wraps a tight dressing around her chest. It starts to soak red pretty quickly, which I don't interpret as a good sign. "Finnick," the intercom rings. "Stay with her," Finnick instructs me and heads out through the only door. I'm left dumbfounded, massively overwhelmed by this new turn of events. Have we just hijacked a Capitol hovercraft to fly the coop to an un-destroyed district that had, for whatever reason, planned to barge in on the All-Stars Quarter Quell, and then hadn't? "Hey," Johanna says. "Cut the daydreaming, Twelve. Pass me that box, would you?" She crams through the med kit and comes up with a syringe and some ampules, draws up a little from each, then taps out the air. "You ever ride the white horse, Katniss?" "What?" Johanna rolls her eyes, as if dealing with a dense child. She holds up the syringe. "Can you find a vein? My hands are shaking. I feel like shit, ok? Please. Wrap this around my arm. Like that, yeah. Stick the needle in, there. Now the plunger. Good girl." She leans back, closes her eyes against the pain. "First try, first hit. What a natural." I'm… I don't even know what I am. Appalled? This went far too smooth for a once-in-a-lifetime intervention. Here's me, stating the obvious. "That wasn't your first time." Johanna snorts. "Good thing you don't get