TO WHERE THE MOCKINGJAY FLIES by Chaed Part I THREE FOR THE ROAD " It was a mistake," you said. But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you. Chapter 1 The day I'm forced into filming the propos at President Snow's request is the day I give up hope of ever seeing Katniss Everdeen again. It comes on the heels of three days of what I will only later come to understand as very light questioning. My time when I wasn't being pressed for information about a rebellion I knew nothing about, spent locked in a room back in the Training Center with nothing but a deck of playing cards as company, sick with worry over what had happened to Katniss. It's no use pretending we don't know what the other one is trying to do. I don't know what kind of deal you think you've made with Haymitch, but you should know he made me promises as well. And from those simple words, offered freely to the girl I was willing to trade my life for in two arenas, Snow manages to pervert justification for schemed treason, reminding me Katniss is also complicit and will be charged for her crimes upon capture. Unless a cease-fire can be reached. And so I do it. Let Portia and my prep team style my hair and dress me in clean clothes. Sit across from Caesar and denounce Katniss and the rebels. Change clothes and repeat the act three more times. The moment I walk offstage, Portia and my prep team are arrested. And I meet Caesar Flickerman's eyes just as the peacekeepers descend, the last contact I am to have with anyone but avoxes, guards and the blunt end of clubs for the next four months. It doesn't take long to lose track of the days. The lights are left on for what seems like a week at a time, then shut off to leave me in pitch blackness, sharp sirens that go off every half hour or so ensuring I never get much sleep. For a while I count the passage of days by the appearance of the avox with a meager serving of bread and container of water. But once they discover the tally marks, my cell is stripped during the next interrogation and I'm beaten to the point I lose consciousness and can't quite remember what number I was on anyway. After that, there doesn't seem to be much point in counting. My facial hair started growing back a week or two after they pulled us out of the arena, so I guess the chemicals must have worn off. Now it's my only way of guessing how much time has passed, reaching up to feel the length of my beard. After about the second month I stop hoping someone is coming to rescue us. That is if Portia and the others are even alive. Sometimes I'm jarred awake not by blaring alarms, but by nerve-wrecking animal sounds. Only they're not animal. And they come in all nuances, from desperate pleas to the guttural shrieks one succumbs to when pain surpasses all levels of orderly thinking. I've launched several attempts to establish contact with fellow detainess, none successful. Nobody ever replies. A theory worms itself into my mind that what I'm hearing might be only recordings of human misery. A tape locked on repeat for my hearing pleasure. The cells next door crammed to the top with jabberjays, suffocating on their own renditions of copied agony. When I'm not driving myself crazy I fight hard against exasperation. Before long I'll dream of the ten o'clock wave. If nobody has come so far, what are the chances I'll ever walk out of here on my own terms? After my third interview I was never asked for a bonus performance. It's hard to believe that, in my bedraggled state, I was convincing enough to rein in Panem from ripping itself apart. And yet the days keep passing with no rebels ever replacing the guards and avoxes performing their routines. I hear no word, good or bad, of Katniss. For all I know she never got out of that arena. I wouldn't put it past Snow to have shown me a montage of fictive video feed, a pipe dream of Capitol tech-wizardry. Goodness knows, they've got enough footage of her to trifle with. More often than not cold sweat lines my forehead at the implications of this. I might have sold my soul for a dead girl. And I know, as reckless as it sounds, I would do it again. Without batting an eye. I'd run the risk of plunging Panem into a replay of the Dark Days for even the faintest chance of buying Katniss acquittal. And who knows? Perhaps it's her screams that wake me every night. We might just be acquaintances in this prison. The star-crossed lovers, separated for eternity, while Panem wrestles for freedom in a bizarre battle-royale. The task of upholding even the faintest semblance of hope in a place that makes the Hunger Games seem like harmless pastime is a deteriorating effort. Where there was once macabre excitement at the turn of the key in the lock, I now simply go through the motions of taking responsibility for the charges against the hand that fed me. "Peeta Mellark," I begin with almost bored repetitiveness. "District Twelve. 12-A904-76." Then I list the names of mother, father and two older brothers. All this before the guards have even reached me. They've drilled me good. The ritual continues. I am handed the prosthetic. It's too much of a nuisance to have to carry me around like a cripple, so they grant me this luxury whenever I am to leave the cell. That way I can walk into Hell on my own account. We take the traditional route. Left, right, right. This part is always the same. The next junction determines whether I'm subject to more interrogation, or if it's one of the rare circumstances I have the honor of meeting the elusive President Snow. I can't say which one is worse. We go left. Routine. A sigh escapes me - frustration, not relief. How many more ways can I plead for innocence? The grip on my arm tightens. We come to an abrupt halt. "What's that?" I can't see or hear anything out of the ordinary. The guard to my left sniffs the air. That's when I notice too. Something between beer and hard boiled egg. I feel woozy, slightly sick to the stomach. My good leg buckles. "Shit!" yells the man to my right. "Gas!" Run, I think. But I hit the floor before the message reaches my legs. Fire. Back in the chariot, rolling down Victor's Boulevard. Left and right the masses cheer. Up ahead the Presidential Mansion, President Snow at its head. We don't wave this time. Eyes up front, serious expressions. Cinna's outfits engulf us in flames. I take Katniss' hand in mine, we raise our arms in unity. Triumph. Hail Snow, we doomed ones salute you! I wake up gasping and gagging. Deafening sirens blare something about evacuation. The floor beneath my hands quakes. Far away the sound of an explosion. My mind continues where it left off: Run! From my left I hear a moan. One of the guards is waking up. Control over my body returns in bursts, yet my fingers effortlessly grasp at his throat. By the time I can stand, I'm the Victor With The Bloodless Hands no more. I precariously confiscate a handgun, but hope not having to use it. While tributes are trained in an array of weapons, firearms are not part of that arsenal. The alarm system advises me to practice any marksmanship on the run. To underline the severity of the situation red lights begin flashing overhead. Another tremor shakes the building. If I want to get out of here, now is the time. I'm not sure it's her until she turns to face me, baton dank from a fresh kill. "Johanna?" I remember this scene like a deja-vu, me coming up in that jungle clearing, finding her hunched over Brutus' corpse. A cannon going off in the distance. Well, she still had hair back then. "Where's Katniss?" I ask now, as I did then. Only this time, I find myself raising the gun. I can't distinguish between friend or foe anymore. I've seen the tapes. Turncoat. They couldn't have faked that too. I should have known. Katniss did. And now she's God knows where. "Oh, please shoot me," says Johanna provocatively, as if five months of prison haven't been enough to value life. "Been begging these fuckers for weeks now. They never crank up the voltage quite high enough though." "You betrayed us. Tried to kill her." "Oh, yeah? Really. They've been messing with your head a lot, huh?" She raises an eyebrow. "We're in the same place in case you hadn't noticed, genius." She takes a step towards me. "You wanna sort out a personal vendetta, fine with me. But not now. Not here. And sorry, but this is gonna hurt." "Wha-" I manage to turn around just in time to witness the butt of a rifle french-kissing me in the face. That's how I meet fellow inmate, Annie Cresta. "I'm sorry about your nose," says strawberry-haired Annie in the sweetest voice ever. At gunpoint. I swallow some of the blood that runs down my throat. Johanna kicks my pistol away from me. "That little head-butt enough to bring you back to your senses? I'd rather postpone the reunion party if you don't mind. Priorities, you know. Escape's high up on that list." The walls around us shake. "What's happening?" I ask. Johanna shrugs. "Sounds like the 76th Hunger Games to me. Wouldn't that be a thing?" I warily stare at the outstretched hand she offers me. "You coming now, or what?" "Where to?" I ask. "Anywhere," says Annie and lowers the rifle. "Anywhere but here." I'm plenty sure Claudius Templesmith would have his share to say about a return of the Four-Seven-Twelve alliance and how the odds are stacked against it. But fuck Claudius Templesmith. "This way." Two guards are on our kill-list already. We're enemies of the worst kind. Terrified, exhausted and with nothing to lose. The Capitol wanted us to be bloodthirsty victors. I hope we live up to the expectation. Around us foundations crumble. In Twelve we learn that this is the moment you want to put as much distance between yourself and the mine as possible. Annie might say it's time to leave the sinking ship. I have no idea what the equivalent of that would be for Seven. "Here. Come on." Johanna swerves right into another cell. It's identical to my own, apart from the man-sized hole in the back wall. Fire and freedom wait on the other side. I look incredulously at my bald companion. "Don't tell me you dug that yourself." "Oh, I wish. Believe me I tried." She displays a set of nail-less fingertips. "Bomb went off. Had me dazed and deaf for a good while. When I came to everything had gone in the crapper." And yet she's here with us and not long gone. Something tells me this is about more than a simple team-up for survival. "It'll be a free-for-all up there," Annie warns as we listen to the booms and bangs outside. I take a demonstrative step forward. It's time we upgraded from pawns to players. "Let's join this game," I say. And so we step into the heart of war, and set a match to our souls. Freedom, it'll burn us to the bone. I have only been to the Capitol on three occasions: the 74th, the Victory Tour and the Quell. My feelings spanned from intimidation over awe to repugnance, to near cardiac arrest over my impending fate. But always has there been