Chapter 1. Moments like these. "Harry… you should have protected me, saved me. I know you could." Cedric said as he lay on the grass beside him, staring into Harry's eyes with his dead ones. "You let him return… The blood of thousands of people will be on your hands…" "I know… I'm sorry I couldn't save you!" Harry whispered back as he stood. He turned to face an oncoming Snape and Pettigrew. Wands trained on him, Harry tried to lift his Glaives, but he couldn't lift them, he was too weak. "Pathetic Potter," Snape sneered at him. "Weak like your parents were." Voldemort hissed at him. Harry's parents standing beside Voldemort now, not the ghostly figures that arose from the wand during the fight, but his parents… alive. "I never meant it when I said I was proud of you Harry." James said. "I'm glad I won't be around to watch you fail." Lily said. " AVADA KEDAVRA!" Voldemort screeched. James and Lily fell to the curse. "No…" Harry whispered. "Potter…" Ginny said from behind him, Glaive now turned on him as she made her way around to Voldemort's side, she kissed him, causing Harry to whimper in despair. "…I could never be with someone as weak as you… Avada Kedavra, " She said calmly as a flash of green light took Harry. Harry jumped awake, panting, tears in his eyes. He looked down to Ginny who was still asleep lying next to him, arm draped across his chest. Harry gently removed her arm from him and stood, making his way out to the kitchen of their home on Potter Island. "What was that?… I never have nightmares anymore…" He whispered to himself as he got a glass of water swigging it down. Light was just beginning to creep through the sky, deciding he wasn't getting anymore sleep he went and got dressed into some running clothes and went down to the beach to work off some of the frustration from his dream. Ginny awoke alone some hours later, she was relaxed and comfortable until she felt that Harry was far from that. To her he felt angry, downright furious, maddeningly so. She concentrated for a minute to try and pick up on what he was thinking, and she heard something that made, her blood run cold. 'Potter, I could never be with someone as weak as you… Avada Kedavra.' It repeated itself over and over. "What on earth is Harry dwelling on…" She whispered worriedly as she got dressed and made her way out of the home in search of Harry. After a short walk she came across Harry who was using both wands shooting flurries of spells into the ocean with destructive force. Sparks crackling around him with the exertion of his power, he looked like he had been training for a while and was now in the process of trying to magically exhaust himself. "Harry?" She said tentatively. He spun around, wands levelled at her as she looked at him wide eyed. His eyes had a darkness in and around them, just like after the second task. She was even more worried when Harry didn't immediately lower the wands. "Harry…" Ginny whispered again as she edged forwards. "…It's me love… What's wrong? What can I hear through our bond?" "Gin?" Harry said softly as realisation crept over his face. Then he fainted. Harry was laying underneath what felt like a black curtain of almost suffocating fog. But he could hear familiar voices above him if he concentrated hard enough. "What's wrong with him?" Asked a soft young sounding female voice, he felt a reaction to it deep within him. He loved the person attached to it. 'Ginny…' He thought to himself. Then he heard another voice. "I'm not sure young one," An older female voice said. "It could be an after effect of being separated from you in the tournament still." "Yes." Said a man now, "He may have never in fact dealt with the fact that he was quite damaged when he was separated from you." "He said he felt like he was turning evil." Ginny said again. Harry then heard her voice from the dream in his head again. 'Potter, I could never be with someone as weak as you… Avada Kedavra.' "I swear I keep hearing myself through our bond." Ginny said to the others in the room. "But it isn't something I have or would ever say." "He must be focusing on a nightmare…" the man mused aloud. Harry was tired, he let the blackness wash over him again. ' Harry, I love you.' Ginny's voice punctured through the blackness of his mind. 'Please wake up, I need you' She sobbed, he felt her holding him. His eyes fluttered open, the overwhelming need to be there for her, to comfort her, consuming his darkness as he woke to see it was late afternoon and the red hair of Ginny sprawled across his chest. "Gin…" Harry whispered, causing her to jump in shock. "Harry!" She practically squealed as she leapt onto him and kissed him thoroughly. "What happened to me?" Harry said after she surrendered his lips back to him, "one minute I was training on the beach, the next I was surrounded by an almost suffocating blackness… I heard you and the Flamels I think." "We don't know Harry," She said as she looked downward before looking back into his eyes. "What was I hearing before? It sounded like me talking in your head." "Oh… Ummm… I had a nightmare…" Harry said looking upset. "It wasn't pleasant." "It didn't sound it… You know I could never be with anyone else, don't you Harry? Even if I could, I'd never want to." Ginny said. "Yeah I know, because of the bond…" Harry said. Ginny reached up and touched his face softly. She forced herself to remain calm at that remark. "No Harry, not because of the bond." She shook her head. "Because I love you. I know you still don't feel like you deserve love from anyone, but you do... Fuck, I am going to kill that Vernon Dursley…" She growled, Harry just smirked at her, she was cute when she was angry. "You are a wonderful young man Harry, and I love you because of who you are." Harry shrugged non-committal. "HARRY JAMES POTTER!" Ginny said becoming angry that he had simply brushed off her words. "After all we have been through, do you simply think that I would or could walk away from you? Could you willingly walk away from me?" Harry shook his head, fresh tears in his eyes. Ginny had tears streaming down her face. "Then don't you dare think for one second that I could simply abandon you. I need you! Just like you need me!" "I love you Gin…" Harry said. "I can't live without you." "That much is obvious, I feel the same way…" Ginny thought for a moment before she spoke again. "Harry you know I was never loved as a child, not unlike you, but I was never tortured." Harry nodded, "Well at times I feel like I don't deserve you either, but I will NEVER give up on us. I love you too much." Harry smiled and pulled her into a tight hug, she kissed him softly, after a moment he kissed her back. They lay together in the bed until sleep claimed them. "Milord," Severus Snape said, kneeling before the re-growing feet of the Dark Lord Voldemort. "You appear to be healing well." "Indeed Severus, arise." Voldemort hissed. "Have you come across a remedy for the potion Wormtail spoiled?" "Yes my lord, however it will take just over 6 months to brew correctly." "Then do it correctly Severus, I shall focus on healing until then. What of our plans?" Voldemort said in a softer tone. "They will be carried out as per your wishes, and as instructed I will remain by your side." Snape said as he bowed deeper. "I must inform you that the old fool contacted me. Potter, it seems, is not assisting him in telling the masses of your return." "I must admit that I am not surprised Severus," Voldemort said in return. "The Potter boy is not stupid, he knows he will be painted as insane. It seems the public quickly surmised that he defeated me all those years ago. Now, tell me. What did Dumbledore want in return?" Voldemort said with an evil glint behind the red snake like eyes. Harry and Ginny shadow stepped to Flamel Island. It was the first day of June and it was a scorching hot day. Hermione and Neville were already waiting for the pair in the sitting room with Nicholas and Perenelle. It'd been almost week since Harry had blacked out, Ginny had been keeping a close eye on him and they had only trained lightly together. She was worried but she never showed it outwardly, for which Harry was grateful. "Now that we are all here," Nicholas spoke softly, but all could hear. "We can decide what we will work on first. I think we are all in agreement we do not need any more work on battle tactics?" The group nodded. "Very well, we shall simply work on combat, increasing our powers, and controlling them." The group smiled, Harry for one, was eager to cut his teeth with some serious combat training again, it had been a while since he had worked hard on his Martial Arts, Sword and Magical combat techniques. "After the Daily Prophet arrives, and we get the all clear floo from Minerva and Remus, we shall enter the Time-Room." Perenelle said, the group had set up a network of communication so that they could receive important updates. If anything required immediate attention, and they were in the Time-Room, then Milly from Potter Manor would let them know by entering the room and finding them immediately. After they had received the all clear from the other adults, and checked the Daily Prophet contained nothing Dark, nor foreboding, the group headed into the Time-Room and trained. Each training session inside the room was approximately a month long. This continued for several days before during a particularly intense sword fight between Harry and Neville, Milly appeared between them causing the pair to both fall backward. "Master Harry, Mistresses Family Home and Azkaban are both coming under attack sir!" she said distressed, before she disappeared again. "Harry, Ginny." Nicholas said, "I think you two should appear as Harbinger and Interfector and stop the assault on the Burrow. Neville, Hermione, you two come with me and we will attempt to defend Azkaban, Neville you take lead." Neville nodded with a smirk. The group walked outside, prepared themselves and Shadow Stepped away. Nicholas' group arrived in the middle of what had previously been a warzone, the tall dark prison looming over them, all had hoods raised and they were looking around the scorched clearing. It seemed like it was too late to do anything. They searched around and saw that many Auror guards had their throats slashed, they didn't even have wands drawn. There was not a Dementor to be seen, Harry and Ginny had destroyed much of their population during their third year at Hogwarts, the rest must have defected to Voldemort. As Neville looked around he quickly decided that there was a Death Eater or sympathiser who must have been working at the Prison for there to be as much death to the Aurors as there was here. "It had to be an inside job." Hermione said softly to the group, putting his thoughts into words. Neville nodded to her once then pushed a finger to his lips. Nicholas had given him tactical lead, as they were confident in his leadership and he was plenty battle honed for the task, he was going to make his first mission out a success. They all crept up to the entrance