A/N: Hey! So I had this project at school where I had to invent a new character for a book, soooo I decided to take it to the next level, and re-write the entire book like this! These Character's are based off of people at my school, but I changed the names. I'm very proud the names I came up with lol, Oh and if this story goes good I'll probably do Catching fire, and Mocking jay like this for the next two semester's CHAPTER ONE District 1) Mercedes's POV "Ladies First," our escort from the Capitol shouted into the microphone. I glance over at Hendrix, my secret boyfriend. He smiles assuringly. I smile back bringing forth every ounce of confidence I can muster. I know I should be excited, I am from District 1 after all, but the Games have always seemed wrong to me. Honestly, I don't want to be picked. I know that's odd for my district, but to me it's true. I do have 3 younger siblings to care for after all. Luckily, they're not qualified for the Games yet. I'm only 15. Hendrix wants to go in, but he promised me he would never go in, unless he was chosen to. I'm sure he would win, but I don't want him to risk his life and me have to watch it on live television. As Raura, the escort, reaches into the glass, reaping bowl I swear my heart stops. The voice rings through the square, "Mercedes Roberson." My mouth went dry, and the pain engulfed me in what felt like a wave. I thought I was going to pass out, but I somehow gathered enough strength to start moving towards the stage. Hendrix's POV: "Mercedes Roberson," the voice sent chills down my spine. My heart was beating fast, yet slow at the same time. I knew she would hate me for it, but I was going in. I had to protect her. I hadn't even realized she had called the name when I heard her say, "Any volunteers?" I glanced at Mercedes. She mouthed the word, "No." She had tears in her eyes. I just couldn't let her go in alone. "I do. I volunteer as tribute!" I exclaimed through the chaos. If looks could kill, I'd be dead 10 times over. I knew she'd never forgive me, but I had to do this. District 2) Dax's POV: I'm going in whether or not my name is called. I have been waiting for this moment, training for this moment, my whole life. If I don't go in, my whole life has been pointless, like a broken pencil. My whole life I have trained, not ever taking a moment to myself. There is this one girl I've had my eyes on. She's the best spear-thrower in the entire district. Only thing is, she is 14 and I am 17. POOP. "Ladies first," exclaims our escort, Lafanda. She reaches into the bowl. She grabs a slip of paper. The name reads, "Annabeth Rayne." I look over towards the helpless blonde. She isn't going to make it a second in the arena. I can't help but breathe a sigh of relief, but this is District 2 after all. "I volunteer as tribute!" a voice says behind me. I know this voice. POOP. She's going in with me. Miranda's POV: As I walk up to the stage I can't help but soak in all the attention with a brilliant smile across my face. I should've done this a long time ago. I can't help but notice all the cute guys staring at me. I am SO loving this. I know I shouldn't feel this way because my boyfriend James is watching me. I approach the stage and give him a subtle wink along with a kissy face. Surely, he feels reassured about this. "And now for the boys..." Lafanda sing-songs, "James Bryan." He's going in with me! OMG! Is this fate or what! "I volunteer!" A voice proclaims. I look down and stare into Dax's eyes. I had seen him before admiring my amazingly awesome spear-throwing skills. He is kinda cute. As he steps onto the stage I give him a wink the whole crowd can make out. As he sees this, he turns and looks behind him as he misses his step and face-plants the ground. The crowd is silent. "POOP!" he shouts. District 3) Addison's POV So I stood there, waiting for Laddison, our escort, to call out the name of the female tribute. It's kind of ironic, his name. For it is the couple name for me and my boyfriend, Lucas, or Luke for short. Our relationship is forbidden because he is from District 5. We met in the woods between our districts years ago. When I first saw him, he was dancing to some music I had never heard. I laughed, that's when he turned around. It was love at first sight, since then we have seen each other almost everyday, keeping the secret from everyone. That is except my best friend, Zander We were supposed to meet after the reaping. If the other didn't show, we knew what happened. While I was reminiscing I heard my name. I turned looking for where it came from only to notice everyone staring at me. My heart skipped a beat when I realized it was me. I was the female tribute from District 3. Zander's POV: I watched as my best friend, Addison walked onto the stage. I didn't know what to do, volunteer for the Male tribute? turns out I wouldn't have to, "Now for the boys" she continued reaching into the glass bowl, "Zander Rayne" She exclaimed, and that's when my heart stopped. I replayed it over and over again in my head, only getting the same result, It was me. I didn't know what to do. It took every once of strength I had(which wasn't that much)to finally get my feet to move. When I finally reached the stage I glance over at Addison who is crying, and I knew why, I look down. Thats when Laddison exclaims "Your tributes of the 74th annual hunger games" District 4) Trey's POV: We stand in the Square waiting for the Reaping to begin, as I try to suck up the pain from the recent finger pricking I had to endure. It is shocking how much that hurts. I know I must suck it up for the good of the people around me. For pretty much all of them are my family- the Hollister's. I'm pretty sure we have the biggest family in the entire nation of Panem. We are everywhere! Well darn, while I was explaining this to you the Reaping started. All I heard was Houser. Everyone was looking at one another. "Jerry Dean Hollister the Third," Tyrone, the escort repeated. A lump formed in my throat when I realized it was me. I quickly swallowed it. I started to cough as I approached the stage. "Yes! Yes!" my little sister exclaimed. "Shut up!" I yell back at her. She sticks her tongue out at me. To avoid a fight, my mom quickly shoves me forward towards the stage. I sure do feel the love. "Are you Jerry Dean the Third?" he asks. "I go by Trey," I tell the man. "No one cares Jerry." Isn't he a ray of sunshine I think to myself. He then moves on to the female tribute. "Vanessa Hollister," he says. I wave as my cousin approaches the stage. Her head sinks down. Vanessa's POV: Great, now I got to go into the Games with that idiot. No one in our family likes him at all. Judging my the way his mom pushed him towards the stage, I don't think she does either. I'm sure I can find better allies in the arena. I am hot stuff anyway. Don't mean to brag, but I have boys lining up to be with me, they all love me so much. I'm sure they will miss me when I'm gone, in fact I sing that when I reach the stage. If only I could say goodbye to all of them, but I'm sure the Peacekeepers wouldn't allow that many people through. I mean, I am one of the most beautiful people I know! Hopefully, my good looks will get sponsors to sponsor me for the Games. I just know I'll make it out, nobody would harm a face like this. I mean look at me, I'm stone cold gorgeous! First things first, I have to get rid of the ginger standing next to me... District 5) Lucas's POV: Let me tell ya about my life. So there's this girl from District 3. We go way back. About 3 years ago, I was dancing in the woods like I did every Saturday night when she saw me and laughed. Her name is Addison. The most beautiful name in all of Panem. Her eyes like puddles of water, so clear you could see into her soul. Yeah I know what your thinking I can get pretty deep, a LOT deeper than the puddle I tried to drown my cat in. Anyways, me and Brianna are pretty tight, tighter than a fat man in skinny jeans. As our female tribute is called I have a feeling so strong that it knocks the breath out of me, I think Brianna was called, she can't go in, she's never done anything wrong in her life to deserve something so cruel, if anyone deserves to go in it's me. Not that I have done anything bad but I would gladly die for her, I can't live without her, but I can't volunteer because what if I'm wrong, then she would have to be without me, and I could never do that to her. I guess fate will have to determine that for us. I guess fate is a little angry today because I just heard my name. It echoed through the Square. "Lucas Scherererererer," said Bobby Lee Ferguson, the District 5 escort. "It's Luke Scherer," I say as I reach the stage. "Does it look like I care, little boy?" He says as he flips his hair. "Not really," I say looking down, but the only thought I had was Brianna showing up today and me not being there. I felt sick. I looked over to see Mackenzie Hollister holding back tears as she waved goodbye to her VERY large family. She was a good friend of mine. I don't know how I'm going to face her in the Games. District 5) Mackenzie's POV: "Mackenzie Hollister" Bobby lee Ferguson said. At first, I only heard the "Hollister" part. I waited to see another one step forward but sadly, they were waiting on me. As I walk to the stage, I hear my little brother start to cry, Awwwww I think to myself, he's gonna miss me! I soon realize that he was just crying from the finger prick from before, wimpiness tends to run in the guys in this family. As I reach the stage, I see my cousin, Hunter Hollister give me a thumbs up, SO feeling the love today. You know how I said wimpiness runs in the guys in the family, maybe I was wrong, because I'm holding back tears myself. "Now for the boys," Bobby sing-songs, "Lucas Schererererer." Great, now I have to compete against one of my best friends. "It's Luke Scherer," he said with little emotion to his voice. "Does it look like I care, little boy?" He says as he flips his hair. "Not really," He says looking down. He looked sick. I probably did too. I don't know how I'm going to do this. District 6) Jade's POV: As I waited for our escort to start the reaping, I couldn't help a strange feeling in the pit of my stomach. I think I forgot to feed my goat! Dang that