Whispers in the Night Disclaimer: I'm just playing in JKR's sandbox and make no money from this. Please enjoy the story and feel free to leave comments and critiques, it's the only way to get better at this. I'm writing this story for my own enjoyment. Content Warning: This story will contain mentions of abuse and scenes containing but not limited to swearing, violence, smut and other Adult Content. Author's Note: 1. Read the author's notes , or skim for information from them, I don't care. I've answered many reviews in author's notes that answer questions I've heard a ton of times. So please, read the damn notes when I put them in. 2. I have made extensive progress since first posting this story and I've decided to add in a few summaries in specific chapters. I don't relish this, as I prefer you read the entire work so you completely understand everything. However, this change is made, primarily, because I know some people don't want to read everything or would rather get to certain events over others. Below you will find a list of chapters as related to years/arcs of the story. Treat these as books themselves or just as year markers for the entire story. Each "marker" chapter will have a brief summary of what came before, so you will miss some important details relying on them alone. Current Marker/Summary Containing Chapters: 22 and 51. Third Year: Chapters 1-21 Fourth Year: Chapters 22-50 Fifth Year: Chapters 51-? 3. I'll be the first to admit this isn't the greatest starting chapter. Everything that follows, however, is MUCH better than what I have here so please continue reading! 4. A few things you need to know about the story. This story is labeled drama/romance for a reason , and there's plenty of Family/Angst/Fluff involved along the way. This is a fair warning right here and now that this story is focused primarily on characters and their interactions rather than the overall plot for much of the first 21 chapters at the least, even up to 50. 5. I say this in the story but I'm going to make it clear: Everyone starts Standardized Magical Education/Academies/Schools at age 13 in this story. So when Harry is 15 in 3rd year, this is normal for this particular universe/story/setting and his peers are roughly the same age etc. This is based on the fact that I'm looking to write a more mature story and I want/need older/more mature characters in order to do that. In character, reasons for it vary, but one established rule is a certain maturity is necessary/desired to handle magic given that it can be an extremely volatile force. 6. I answer reviews via PM instead of adding reviews to my own story. So if you have questions, criticism, suggestions etc, please review and if they make me think/seem interesting I'll do my best to answer. Thank you for your time and please enjoy the story! Chapter One: Up to the Challenge At a lone table in the leaky cauldron, a pair of men sat in contemplative and comfortable silence after talking about their summers. The pair had met only recently, that afternoon in fact. One had recently escaped confinement with his relatives, the other had returned from a trip abroad for work. Both of them, however, were well aware the silence had gone on long enough. "Kinda funny isn't it?" The shorter of the two men began. The raised eyebrow of his companion was question enough. He didn't quite understand, not yet, but he soon would. "At age thirteen I'm out in the middle of nowhere, dodging letters from a mysterious benefactor because my relatives don't want me getting involved. There efforts only lasts until a half-giant breaks down the door, ties my uncle's shotgun into a noose, hands me a letter, gives my cousin a pig's tail and starts cooking, of all things, sausages," the black-haired teen mused aloud with a smile. "Looking back on that I realize that last bit was actually psychological torture. And they say Hagrid's a gentle soul." The tall, well-built redhead next to him laughed at the thought. Of all his family he was, perhaps, the most down to earth, the most calm and collected of the bunch. As his laughter abated he couldn't help but try to wipe the smile from his stubbly face with his hand given the somewhat serious history he was being told, only to fail miserably. "But it doesn't really stop there," the younger of the two men continued. "I'm told of a whole new world, a world that, to my ears, sounds like the most wonderful thing there could possibly be. There are dragons and goblins, house elves and owls, wizards and witches, potions, wands, broomsticks, and above all, magic . I learn what I am, what I was all along, a wizard, only to learn I'm some vaunted savior just because my parents died protecting me and some villain died from a rebounded curse. I hear my parents' names for the first time..." "Harry you don't have to-" "I do," Harry cut across suddenly. "Someone needs to know, Bill, and right now you're the only one I feel comfortable talking to." Bill could only offer a solemn nod in return and watched as the thin, dark-haired, jade-eyed teen told him a story. Ironic how the roles were reversed from his time telling stories to his siblings. They had only really known each-other for a few hours, but in those few hours they seemed to have connected. Bill had shown Harry some of the more exciting places in the alley, gave him a few tips on how to handle goblins and had discussed any topic Harry brought up with an open honesty that was rare to find. Harry, in turn, had opened up to the older man, glad to have someone to talk to, at least for a short while. Now they were in the Leaky Cauldron about ready to share stories very few had heard before. Regardless, Bill listened intently as Harry continued his story. "I get on a train and make my first friend my age. I meet my second and third within hours of that only to be confronted with a side of the world I never wanted to see." Harry paused to take a long drink of his butterbeer and sighed. He didn't know why he had started his story way back then, but it all had some bearing on the present, one way or another. "But I ignored it," the fifteen year old third year growled. "I ignored that part of this world because I wanted to believe this place was better, that this world was better in every way than the one I had come from. So I go to school, and my sorting happens." "You got put into Gryffindor," Bill added in quickly as he took a greater interest in where this whole conversation was headed. "Ron said something about you asking to be put there." "No, he thinks I asked for it but really that wasn't it at all," countered the younger wizard as he leaned back and his eyes darkened. "'Not Slytherin' I told the hat. It wanted to put me there, after everything I've been through, been forced to learn, it saw what was inside me and wanted to put me in a place it thought I would thrive." The teen shook his head at the thought of his own sorting, of how long it had taken and what he had done to convince the hat to alter its choice. "I had heard so much from others, made friends with people that wouldn't like it if I ended up there. I didn't want to go either simply because an arrogant blonde put me against the idea. I didn't want to spend my seven years of school surrounded by him or those like him. Honestly, I think I might have arranged for all of the bullies to fall off of the astronomy tower if I'd been forced to deal with them on a daily basis. So I told it not to put me in Slytherin... "I'm not sure if that wasn't a mistake now," Harry mused as he lowered his eyes to his butterbeer bottle and sighed. "I've lied, Bill. I've been lying to myself, and more importantly my friends, for a long time. I didn't want to lose friends so I held myself back in classes after a month or two..." He admitted with a blush. "I didn't want to lose Ron because I was doing better than him or lose Hermione to some naive competition for grades that it might have turned out to be." "You were trying to fit in at a school you were stuck in for nine months a year. You wanted to find a place in this world. There's nothing wrong with that, Harry." Bill set a hand on his brother's friend's shoulder consolingly. It was a gesture of trust, of comfort, one he noticed Harry flinched from slightly before he settled in with a slow, calm nod. "I know what that kind of pressure can be like but it's not something you can do forever. The truth will come out and it's better that you applied yourself than never try it at all. It's a white lie, but one that your friends can deal with." "But I still lie to them. Even after everything we've been through; smuggling dragons, and killing Quirrel, a rogue house elf and making polyjuice, giant spiders and three-headed dogs, a deranged fraud and saving Ginny from a basilisk, after experiencing that together I still haven't shown them that side of me... The real me." Harry shivered as he took a large gulp and finished his butterbeer even as he beckoned for another from Tom the Barkeep. "The side of me that befriended a shade of Tom Riddle. I really am a lot like him. It was only after months of writing in that diary that I actually learned Riddle was actually Voldemort… And I destroyed him because he threatened another friend," Harry admitted softly. Bill sat unwavering in his seat while his jaw and fist tightened. Harry appreciated that he didn't flinch or wince at the name. There was no fear in the curse breaker, just anger. "My friends have never seen the side of me that knows every spell that Hermione does, that knows the theory behind magic as much as anyone my age does because I study in secret and fake my average performance because magic is too incredible not to learn more about. The side of me that wonders how much I could get if I found a way to sell the remains of a dead basilisk. "My friends know me, Bill. They know me very well, but they never see what I don't want them to see and it terrifies me they might not like what they find out if I really put in the effort to just... be me this year. I've been playing the part of the Boy-Who-Lived for two years, not Harry Potter." "I see you," Bill said softly, his expression solemn and honest. "Right now I see nothing wrong with the young man in front of me. Fifteen years old and you have already killed a basilisk with a sword. You killed a man in self defense and remained sane enough to not hate yourself and spiral out of control. I see a young man that saved my sister. What's more you know what you've done and you live with it. I can respect that..." The older of the two paused as his glass of fire whiskey was refilled and nodded thanks to the bartender before he continued. "What I can't respect is someone not being themselves. You need to step out of your shell, Harry," Bill said earnestly as he caught the young man's eye. "You need