Hey all. It's me here with a story. This is a story about Half-Blood Academy with demigods. I know, SO original. But, eh, I guess I wanted to do something like this. BTW there are going to be clichés. I really wanna put more stuff here so I can type less, but nothing else is popping into my head to enjoy. Oh and also, a lot of this is influences by other fanfics, so if something is similar I probably picked it up from someone else. I don't own anything that has been made/belongs to others. Chapter 1 It was the beginning of September. This time of the year was hated by both students and teachers. However, some parents loved this time of year, for this was the beginning of the new school year. The new school year was tough for everyone, having to correct their messed up sleep schedules. Some people have it worse than others though, these kids are known as the "new kids". These were the kids that just transferred into the school for the new year. The older you get the worse it is. Our protagonist is a transfer student named Percy Jackson. Percy is going to be starting a new year of school. Percy is a bit different from your average student though, he is able to use special powers that no one can use. He can control water. His mother told him that this was because of his father passing down the ability to him. His mother also told him to keep his powers a secret from people who can't use them because it would only lead to unnecessary trouble. Now while Percy lives only with his mom, this doesn't mean that he doesn't know his dad, or doesn't talk to him. Sometimes, a rare skype call comes in and Percy and his mother can talk to his father. Back to the issue of the new school year, this was his first day of Half-Blood Academy. From what his father and mother told him, this school had other kids that had abilities like him. In fact, his dad and his family formed it. Back then they went by 12 Olympians, since then they went their separate ways. Line Break Percy Jackson opened his eyes and did what everyone does when they wake up, look at the time. It was 6 a.m. Now, Percy wasn't late to school too often, but there was one sign that he had come to learn. When he woke up early, something interesting would happen soon. Not only did he wake up early, but he was wide awake and couldn't go back to sleep. So he did the usual things that he does to get ready in the morning. He took a shower and brushed his teeth. Even though he didn't wake up early, his mother was always up at 5:30 a.m. sharp. She was Percy's usual alarm clock and woke him up. So, when she saw him come down at 6:45, she assumed the worst. "Percy honey! Are you alright, your skin looks up and you're burning," his mother, Sally said while fussing over him. She didn't realize that he took a shower just minutes before. "Mooom," Percy groaned," I'm fine. Just because I woke up early doesn't mean I'm sick. I'm warm and red because I just took a shower." For breakfast, he had what he usually had, his mother's blue pancakes. Since he was up so early, he had to wait a bit for them for finish. When they were finally ready, his mother brought them over with plates, forks, and knives. "So, are you ready for the new school year." Sally asked her son. Percy looked up at his mother and though about his answer. "No not really. It will probably be like every other school. I get kicked out for something stupid. Not only that but I am the "new kid"." Percy said to his mother before continuing to devour the pancakes. "Aww, honey. I'm sure everything will be fine. I know you'll make some great friends and for right in." Sally said while trying to comfort her son. Line Break It was now time for Percy to say goodbye to his mother and go to the new Half-Blood Academy. As usual, Sally was fussing over Percy. She always did this she he went away. "Do you have all your stuff. Did you bring deodorant. Did you bring extra underwear." his mother rapidly fired questions at him. "Mom, I have everything I need. You already made me pack and look over everything, twice. " Percy said. Then the bus that took the students to the academy beeped it's horn, warning Percy to hurry up or he would be forgotten. He picked up his bag, put on his shoes and ran out of the house while waving bye to his mother. When he got the the doors of the bus, they opened and they revealed a man that looked so bright, he almost glowed. "Name's Apollo, are you Percy Jackson?" Apollo asked while flashing a smile with teeth that were the whitest white. Percy nodded and went to the back of the bus. As he passes the aisles of the bus, he could feel the people looking at him while trying to take up more seat space to not let him able to sit down. As he passes more and more aisles, he was beginning to lose hope of someone letting him sit with them. When be reached the back of the bus, he noticed that there was no one there and sat down feeling sad. After the bus picked him up Apollo said that he had one stops left to make before traveling directly to the school. After A few minutes of driving, the bus reached their final stop. When the doors opened, two people came on the bus. A tall boy with curly hair and chin hair and a very pale boy with back hair. They walked down the aisles like he himself did earlier. When they noticed that there were no seats they walked to the back where Percy was. Percy saw them and gave them a smile. "Hi. My name's Percy Jackson." He said The one with the curly hair shuffled nervously, but the pale one smiles before introducing himself and his friend. "Hi Percy. My name's Nico and this is my friend Grover. I haven't seen you before, are you new to the school." Nico asked after he sat down. "Yeah. This is my first year here." Percy said. This cause the two to start a conversation about all the things he will need to know to survive in the school. He learned who the kids he should avoid were and who he should try to befriend. Line Break The school was not connected to the mainland, the only way to the island was a bridge or by boat. The island it was on was pretty big and had many different features. When the bus parked in front of the school the school, the kids filed out and went into the he was a new kid, Percy went to the main office to check in. He found a big-boned man drinking diet coke. His face was showing the look of the purest form of boredom on the face of the planet. Even though he looked bored, there was something about him the put Percy on edge. "Um… excuse me sir, I'm new here." Percy said while nervously looking at the man. The man sighed and typed something into the computer in front of him. He clicked on a few things before sighing. "Peter Johnson, you will be staying in room 225." the man said while handing him a sheet of paper with classes on it. "This is your schedule, go ask someone to show you around. Also don't use your powers on school ground," the man said before waving Percy off with his hand, before glaring at the coke mumbling something about alcohol. "Ok. First class is History in room 127." Percy looked around and saw rooms beginning with the number 5," Dammit! I have no idea where to go." Then, luckily, none other than Nico and Grover came from around the corner. They were talking to each other and didn't notice Percy. Percy ran up to them with his schedule in hand. "Hey you guys, do you know how to get to these classes." Percy asked. As it turned out, the three had the last three classes together, but they had all different morning classes. They told him the way to get to his history class before walking off to get to their classes and not be late. The school had 5 wings. One for each subject, and then there was one that had classrooms for Study Halls. Then there was the lunch room, library, and the gym. Outside was the fields and things like that. Percy made his way to the history wing before walking through the door, into the classroom right as the bell rang, indicating that the school day has begun. Percy went to an empty seat before starting the day. Line Break The morning classes were over and it was time for lunch. All the kids in Percy's grade poured into the lunch room and sat down with their friends. The only people who Percy considered friends were Nico and Grover. He looked around before spotting them sitting by themselves in the corner table. Percy bought his lunch before going over to sit with them. When they saw him walking over they smiled and waved at him. "Hi Percy. So, how was your first morning here?" Grover asked. He was beginning to warm up to Percy. Percy began to tell about his morning classes. Nothing interesting happened in them and there was no one he knew to talk to in them. "Hey, I forgot to ask you guys, what are your powers. I can control water." Percy said. "Wow that's cool. I can control shadows, and Grover can control nature with his reed pipes." Nico said. They got into a conversation about their powers and what they could do, also they talked about what some other people had as powers. When the time came to go to period 6 class. The small group of friends walked with each other to their study hall class. When they got inside, there was a teacher sitting in a desk, doing whatever he was doing, and there were three girls sitting talking to each other. The first one was a girl with short black hair and electric blue eyes. She had the punk look going on. Then there was the small girl with light skin and leaf green eyes. Finally was a pretty blonde who Percy though was smexy. "Hey Nico, who are those girls." Percy asked Nico. "Oh they some of the most popular girls in the school. The punk one is Thalia, the small one is Juniper, who I'm pretty sure Grover has a crush on," Grover denied this, but the red face and ears gave it away," and the blonde is Annabeth, and it looks like you got a crush on her." Nico said with a sly grin. Percy did the same thing as Grover did, and had the same reaction, red face and ears. But, he didn't let Nico have the last laugh. "Well I bet you like the Thalia girl." Percy said. He wasn't even sure it was true, but when Nico turned red, he knew it was. Meanwhile at the table the girls were sitting at, they were taking occasional glances at the boys. "Hey is that boy a new kid?" Thalia asked the group. "I've never seen him before, so I would say that he is." Annabeth said while looking at him. He had messy black hair, tanned skin, and sea green eyes. Little did she know that the other girls at the