Ramson Spring By Cúthalion For rabidsamfan Ithilien, June 1442 „Mama, this dress is much too long. I've already stumbled overthe hem – twice!" Rosie Cotton stood in the middle of a huge, elegant room with windows made of precious colored glass, and the expression on her face hovered between laughter and irritation. Elanor stood in front of her, arms crossed, eyes shooting thunderbolts. A moment ago Rosie had been thinking that her beautiful daughter looked so much like a Gondorean princess – well, a rather short gondorean princess, to be honest – but this was definitely the familiar, all too well-known - and very hobbit-like - Gamgee-stubbornness. "It is a marvelous gown" she chided in a mild tone. „And you can't wear your simple skirt, blouse and bodice at the court of the Prince." "Yes." Elanor snorted. "And I can't whistle with my fingers or climb a tree either. The only thing missing is the edict that I have to wear shoes!" Rosie shook her head. "You're behaving like Prim, really. And here I was thinking that Prim was the minx of this family!" She laid one arm around the tense, silk-covered shoulders and stroked a curl of golden hair behind Elanor's ear. "You should know by now that being Queen Arwen's maid of honor involves some duties… noble gowns included." A tiny smile on her daughter's face. "Don't you like it here, lass?" "I do, Mam, I do." Elanor murmured. "And no one could wish for a better and more noble host than we have. But…" The tension returned into the slender body. "I miss Prim and Goldilocks and Daisy… I even miss Pip!" Now Rosie laughed. "Then you want to go home indeed", she said. "Last year when he ripped your first written tale to shreds and used them to light the fireplace in the boys' bedroom, you swore you would kill him." Sam Gamgee stepped in. "Who wants to kill whom?" he asked, eyebrows nearly vanishing under his tousled mop of hair. "Don't fret, dear", Rosie gave her husband a reassuring gaze. "I think our daughter is a little homesick." Sam smiled. "Never mind, my sunstar", he said. "We will go home next month, and I must confess I dream of burying my hands up to both elbows in good fertile soil. I'm really looking forward to see how my rose bushes are faring," "I'd say you can find enough roses here", his wife retorted a little dryly, "Lady Éowyn has the biggest rose garden I've ever seen." "Of course she has", Sam replied with some heat, "and a dozen gardeners to fuss over it. Every fallen petal is whisked away before it can touch the ground and there are even two men to grit the paths!" He shook his head in mild despair. " When I visited the vegetable garden yesterday and asked them to show me where they keep the shovels and wheelbarrows, they looked at me as if I had asked for a bath in the dung pile!" Before Rosie could answer, there was a soft knock at the door. "Come in." A young man entered the room, tall and slender like a young tree, his long, flaxen hair tamed to a braid. The bright mane was a clear heritage from his mother, but the gray eyes and regular features were those of his father, Faramir. Elboron had just celebrated his twentieth birthday and would soon move to Minas Tirith to join the guard; during the next five years he would only return home for a few weeks around New Year and Cormarë . Rosie had a rather soft spot for the handsome, promising young man; he had a good sense of humor, showed her a natural friendliness and treated Elanor with delightful courtesy. The young prince bowed. "My parents will be rather occupied this afternoon; an ambassador from Harad has announced his visit", he said. "and a rather unexpected one, I might add. Mother asked me to be at your service." He smiled at Rosie. "If you want to see more of the country, I could guide you to Henneth-Annûn, if you wish." "Herbs", Sam suddenly said, to no one in particular. "I'd like to see some herbs." The heir of the steward raised one eyebrow and gave the famous Master Gamgee his most polite smile. "Herbs?" Sam waved his hand impatiently at Elboron. "Yes, herbs, of course. Parsley and thyme… or some fresh sage and rosemary… or at least chives!" Elboron twinkled. A mischievous grin slowly appeared in his face. "Would you like to see some lavender?" he asked. " I know a place where you can find the most aromatic fresh lavender… and melissa, too. And Lady's mantle, if you like, and even some young basil. And I was told that this seems to be a wonderful spring for ramson." "Ramson?" Sam's eyes shone with delight. "Who told you that?" "The Healer of Ithilien." Elboron replied. "Come with me… I'll show you." He turned to Elanor. "And you should perhaps change your beautiful gown to something more practical. It might well be that there are some trees to climb…" He grinned at her startled expression. "Excuse my impertinence… the door was ajar." vvvvv "Mama, why do you use meadowsweet for this powder?" Two heads bowed over a huge bowl, surrounded by the strong aromatic scents of licorice and holly… a woman's and a young girl's. The woman had long red hair and the girl glossy dark curls, but they shared the same green eyes. "Because of the taste", the woman said, gesturing to the mortar beside the bowl. It was filled with dried clusters of pale yellow blossoms. "It's very similar to vanilla, but you don't have to trade for it in Southern Harad. It grows everywhere in the woods around here." She took a few blossoms between her fingertips. "These are the last remnants from last year's harvest", she said with some regret. "Not very strong anymore; I will have until September to get fresh supplies." The girl laughed. "Oh… and then you'll make your prune marmalade with elvish wine and meadowsweet! Is it true that there was an argument last year about who should get the last six jars?" "It is true". The woman grinned. "The King Elessar visited the Prince Faramir and tasted the marmalade. Then the King came down to our house to tell me that he considered it to be the duty of a good subject to fulfill even the most whimsical culinary wish of her sovereign. He tried to claim the last six jars for himself, but I had to refuse. That marmalade is your father's favorite." She looked at her daughter. "How do you come to know about that story?" "Elboron", Now the girl grinned, too, and the likeness between mother and daughter became stunningly obvious. "He told me that the King marched back to the house of the Prince soon after, murmuring something like ' disobedient witch' and ' stubborn like an old mule' ." "Still spying behind the corners, is he, the young prince?" The woman shook her head. "He's old enough now to know better." "Why should he stop?" the girl retorted. "I bet I know more about the secrets of the court than Lord Faramir himself." "Lírulin…" The woman began what would probably have become a serious educational lecture had there been a chance to finish it. But steps and voices suddenly became audible, quite close to the shed where the two were working. Maethor, last surviving son of the legendary Garaf, lay close to the door, sleeping. The enormous black dog raised his head, jumped to his feet, and before mother or daughter could react, pushed the door open with his nose and shot out of the shed, greeting the yet unseen visitors with a deep snarl. "Good gracious – Maethor, stop! Stay!" The woman hurried around the table, abandoning herbs, powders and mortar; at the same time the dog – doing full credit to his name – started to bark. She ran outside, the young girl in her wake - and froze directly in front of the shed, eyes wide open in stunned surprise. Maethor stood in the middle of the clearing, ears pricked up, lips drawn back from his enormous fangs. A threatening growl came from deep in his chest. Directly in front of him stood a hobbit, his feet firmly planted on the ground. One hand was reaching out as if in a silent, determined warning, the other one clutched the hilt of a small sword. Sunbeams met the blade, so it blazed with bright, blinding light. Two other hobbits stood behind him – two women – but all she noticed in this fraction of a second was the male hobbit in front, that grim, sun-tanned face under the barley-blonde curls, those narrowed, brown eyes and the firm line of his mouth. She had never met him, but she recognized him at once. "Maethor - heel!" Her voice bit like a striking whip, and in the very same moment a shout came from the edge of the woods. Elboron had appeared between the trees, leading a limping horse, and when he understood the situation, he let go of the reins and took a flying leap in the direction of the three hobbits. But the danger was already over. The big dog lay in the grass beside the woman, gazing up at her with hanging tongue and a look of deep embarrassment, meekly wagging his tail. The hobbit still stood unflinching in his spot, sword in hand. Elboron came close, his voice unsteady and breathless. "I'm very sorry, Noerwen…" he said, "but Rusca had a small stone in her right fore hoof, and I stayed behind to get it out. I simply forgot to warn our guests…I forgot that Maethor didn't know them yet." Noerwen bowed before the hobbit, holding his gaze. "Forgive me", she said, "but I'm sure you can put your sword back into its sheath. This is only our overeager dog, not a giant spider, and as soon as he knows that you are welcome, he will protect you as if you were a member of our family. And you are very welcome, Master Gamgee." vvvvv Slowly the tension ran out of his body, and then Sam's face relaxed in a small smile. He peered up to the clear face above him, taking in the big green eyes under the beautifully curved brows, the full mouth and the unbound, copper red hair, still untouched by the frost of age though the woman was not really young anymore. "Do we know each other?" he asked. "No, we don't", the woman replied. "But the song of Frodo with the Nine Fingers and the Ring of Doom is well known in these lands… and I had to protect our ignorant dog against the brave warrior who fought Shelob." Sam put the sword away and raised both hands. "Oh no…" He shook his head. "Not that song! I'm only the mayor of Hobbiton and a gardener since the day I learned how to tell cabbages from lamb's lettuce, and the only spiders I want to see for the rest of my life are those that build their webs in the hedge around Bag End." His gaze wandered over the huge beds full of lavender, rosemary and sage, of Lady's mantle, foxglove and chamomile. "This is a lovely place". he suddenly said. "You seem to have a good hand with herbs." Suddenly he blushed, obviously remembering his manners, and bowed deeply. The woman laughed. "Oh, I should have!" she said. "Excuse me, I completely forgot to introduce myself: I am Noerwen, Healer of Ithilien, and this", she took the hand of the young girl who had stepped to her side, "is my daughter Lírulin." Sam turned around. "And this is my wife Rose," he said, „and my daughter Elanor. She is a maid of honor at the court of