The Dwarvish Flute By Cúthalion June 1416 He was going to kiss her. He'd been looking all day and she'd been looking right back and he would get a kiss out of her if it was the last thing he ever did. Though, perhaps it might be a good idea to get her name first. Lasses tended to appreciate it if you took an interest in other things besides those incredible sea-glass eyes, that hair that shimmered like a copper shower over nape and shoulders, those lips plump as cherries and just as red and when she leaned just right, reached a bit with the dipper, he could see a lean, tanned calf beneath the sway of her skirts, tapering down to a fine-boned ankle and the fur on her feet He smiled, eyed her steadily as she made her way over, bucket in-hand. "Thirsty?" she asked him, as she'd done four times today. And as he had all four times, he nodded, broadened his smile and promised himself he would actually speak this time, rather than nod and grin like an idiot. Right up until the time he realized he was already nodding and grinning like an idiot. He leaned the pitchfork against his shoulder, took the dipper. The water was cold, straight from the well, he knew, and clear and sharp on his tongue. He drank until there was only a mouthful or two left then splashed the rest on his face. It was sweltering today and the air was thick and heavy. He'd pay for his time beneath the sun today with red skin and blistered hands tomorrow. But if he could just get that kiss "Like what you see, then?" she asked and he started, realized he'd been blatantly staring. He flushed, dropped his eyes then flicked them back up again, looked boldly into her eyes. "I do, in fact," he replied and mentally patted himself on the back for keeping his voice steady. "I thought perhaps I might steal a kiss but then you spied me and spoilt my nefarious scheme." Hmph . He hadn't meant to say that out loud. He braced himself for the possibility of a swift kick to his shins but she only grinned, dipped her head and peered at him through long, burnt-auburn lashes. "Awfully bold, aren't you, then?" "I am many things," he answered with his own grin and watched as her eyes sparkled bright with mirth and afternoon sun.She took the dipper from his hand, refilled it then handed it back to him again. Her grin turned sly and coy. "What sorts of things?" she wanted to know. "Well," he answered slowly then took a swig from the dipper, planted a foot to the curve of the tines of the pitchfork and leaned in further, murmured conspiratorially, "I don't go about telling all and sundry, you know, because I am quite humble" He paused, nodded with a not-terribly-sincere smirk. "But the fact is that I am independently wealthy, you know." "Aye, I can tell," she replied, her sincerity matching his tone-for-tone. "The way you swing that pitchfork just screams money," she told him. "I'll have to watch that," he whispered then peered about, ostensibly checking for eavesdroppers. "Wouldn't want word of my piles of riches getting about, else I'll have streams of lasses knocking down my door." He leaned yet closer, said, "You should maybe agree to that kiss now, before word gets 'round and then I won't be able to find you in the hordes." She shot him a stern gaze through the copper red curls falling into her brow. "And you should maybe learn to handle that fork properly, or you'll be able to peel your palms like an apple tomorrow." she said, "and folks back home will see at once that you've spent your time in a rather inappropriate way for a gentlehobbit." Merry felt himself again blush deeply – something that lately didn't happen to him very often, at least not twice within a few minutes. He suppressed a sudden sting of embarrassment and piercing anger; he had no intention of losing this game. It was only a kiss after all. He put on his finest smile the legendary Brandybuck-smile that had helped him more than once to weaken the knees and melt the heart of many a lass. It challenged the word to give him all the fun and adventures it had to offer, it was highly infectious and he could normally rely on its irresistible power. Luckily enough it didn't fail to work its spell on her. She smiled back. And then she suddenly leaned in and he felt her lips slightly touching his skin. He suppressed a shiver of anticipation and the fierce urge to make good use of the situation. "Do you really think all that matters is your charming grin, Meriadoc Brandybuck?" she whispered. His eyes widened in surprise. "The first time I ever saw you, you pulled at my braids and made my cry. And the last time we met in Brandy Hall, you stitched up the sleeves of my favorite blouse. Instead of kissing you I should box your ears." And with these words her teeth gripped and she bit into his earlobe. He opened his mouth to protest, but all he could manage was a shocked gasp. He saw her eyes, a deep, shining green, very close and filled with laughter, and then she turned away, lifted the dipper from the ground and with a swirl of skirts and long curls vanished in the crowd. He stood stock still; he completely ignored the fact that he probably looked like a complete idiot again. "I don't believe it", he murmured, unconsciously raising one hand to his throbbing ear. "Estella?" vvvvv The second biggest parlor in Bag End was cozy, warm and silent a tad too silent for Merry Brandybuck's taste. Since the encounter with the flame-haired beauty two days ago – who had turned out to be a snappish (but still very charming) cousin – he and Frodo had been constantly on the road to Waymoot, to Needlehole and this warm Midsummer Day even to Michel Delving (where Frodo had picked up two dozen bottles of wine directly from the cellar of Will Whitefoot). Now Merry sat beside the open window, feeling a soft breeze on his face and longing for a glass of the wine not that he had much of a chance of getting one. Frodo had carried the bottles downstairs, holding them as lovingly and carefully as finest china, and he had told him that the wine would have to "rest" a few days until it was fit to drink again after the day-long journey in the rattling pony carriage. "You have lowered the level in the beer cask enough anyway", the master of Bag End added with a humorous glance over the book he was reading. "Perhaps you should change to apple juice this evening." Merry didn't answer. He lolled in the deep, comfortably stuffed chair, gazing at Frodo, trying to fathom what lay behind that calm, impervious face. Suddenly he wished for Pippin's cheerful, mischievous presence his cousin always managed to lure Frodo out of his reserve by placing a well-aimed joke or even performing one of his clumsy accidents; they never failed to make Frodo laugh. He had known Primula's son since he was a toddler, barely able to walk. He knew these features nearly as well as he knew his own the high clear forehead, the deep eyes under dark, beautifully swung brows, the narrow nose and the full, sensitive mouth the chin with the small dimple that spoke of a strong, unerring will. Suddenly he remembered a day in his childhood; Frodo had already been adopted by Bilbo, but he had come to visit Brandy Hall. Merry had spent a long afternoon in the small parlor near Frodo's bedroom, and Frodo had told him stories, turning the pages of a fairy tale book from the library and filling the air with the aromatic scent of his pipe (a gift from Bilbo, and he was enormously proud of it). From one moment to the next Merry had fallen asleep, and when he woke up the scent of pipe weed still lingered in the parlor and the book lay open on the chair, the pages turned upward - but Frodo was nowhere to be found. And then eight-year-old Merry felt a sudden, overwhelming onrush of panic. Frodo was gone, he would never return some kind of wizardry had made him vanish into thin air, and Merry would never see him again. He sat on his stool, staring at the book, and tears welled up in his eyes and ran down his cheeks. His whole body shivered uncontrollably. Suddenly he felt a warm, firm hand on his shoulder. "What's wrong, Merry?" and it was Frodo's hand, and he turned around and buried his burning face against the chest of the elder hobbit. The afternoon ended with him sitting on Frodo's lap and with Frodo's gentle, laughing voice in his ear: "I may live with Uncle Bilbo now, but I'd never really leave you, you little ninny!"--- "Merry?" He startled and saw that Frodo had closed his book, looking at him with some curiosity. "Are you well, lad?" "Of course I am", Merry said hastily, "I was just thinking of" no, I can't tell him that story, it's simply ridiculous. But perhaps "of a lass I met a few days ago on the Cotton Farm, you know. She walked around with a bucket and gave me something to drink. She was very pretty and I well, I stared a little. It turned out that it was Estella." "Estella? Estella Bolger?" Frodo smiled. "Well, then I understand that you stared. Everybody with eyes in his head does. She has come from Budgeford to visit Dick for a week, and all the lads are in an uproar." His smile deepened to a grin when he saw Merry's blushing face. "Did you try your luck?" "I well, I oh, for pity's sake, I only wanted to kiss her!" Merry blushed even deeper, and now the pretty face with the glorious crown of red curls stood very clear in front of his inner eye. "She she told me she'd prefer to box my ears instead and she bit my earlobe." Frodo raised one eyebrow and snorted. "Clever lass." he gave back. "And don't tell me that you are surprised! You have played more pranks on her over the years than I'm able to count. Frogs behind the collar, stitched-up sleeves" "She mentioned that", Merry murmured. " salt in her breakfast milk, fresh stinging-nettles under her bed covers" "You have forgotten the grass snake in her chamber pot, Yule 1394." Merry remarked, his spirits rising. "That was you?" Frodo shook his head, shoulders trembling. " I remember that Dick was punished for that!" "He was indeed", Merry answered dryly. "Two days later he told me that he wished it had been his idea." Their eyes met, and one moment later their united laughter rang out through the open window. "Well, it's Midsummer", Frodo said when he had regained his breath, "and there's a dance on the party field. Would you like to look if Estella is there this evening? Most of the lasses from Bywater and Hobbiton certainly are." "Do you want to dance?" Merry was slightly surprised. Frodo was a quite sociable, well liked gentlehobbit, and in his younger years he had been a regular - and rather skilled - guest on the dance floors in Buckland. Merry smiled secretly. He still looks younger than any hobbit of his age , he thought, looking fondly at his cousin, and perhaps there is a maiden pretty enough to catch his eye. I'd love to see him lose his head" Frodo turned around, a strange sparkling in his eyes. "By the way, did you bring your dwarvish flute?" "It