Morning Singer By Cúthalion Ithilien, Spring 1428 "Noerwen, shall I light the oven now?" The Healer of Ithilien stood in front of the kitchen table, both hands in a huge bowl with dough. She turned around to the boy behind her. He was waiting on the threshold, blonde hair tousled, skin flushed and his arms full of apple wood logs. A fresh breeze carried the scent of the first mown grass into the kitchen where it mingled with the rich aroma of cinnamon, vanilla and raisins. "Have you stored the axe away safely?" "I've put it into the shed, on the hook behind the door," the boy said. "Shall I light the oven?" "Yes. The dough will take another while; but if you stay to rake the grass that your father's gardener scythed yesterday, the bread will be ready." The Healer smiled. "And I have some of your favourite jam left." The boy shrugged, laughing. "You should've told me earlier; now I must go back to the shed and find the rake!" "Goodness, I'm sorry!" The woman gave the fragrant dollop in the bowl a hearty thump with her fist and wiped her brow, leaving a long smear of flour. "You may go home any time you want, of course… but didn't Master Olorhel just return from his well deserved holiday in Lebennin?" Elboron, the future Prince of Ithilien, made a sour face. It was no secret that he honestly loathed his aged and unbearably scholarly Sindarin teacher. She watched the silent fight behind the clear features with amused interest. The cinnamon bread and the prune jam won, of course… exactly as she had foreseen. A few minutes later a merry fire was burning in the oven and she could hear the swishing sound of the rake outside on the meadow. Noerwen covered the bowl with a clean towel and stretched her back with a groan, spreading both hands on the heavily rounded curve of her belly. One more week, perhaps two … as far as she was able to estimate the advancement of her pregnancy. The midwife of Emyn Arnen was a friendly, elder woman with a reassuring air of experience and profound knowledge, but this would be her very first child, longingly desired for years and conceived beyond all hope or expectation. Three days ago Damrod had left with a small patrol, heading for the mound of the Morgul Vale. The Rangers of Ithilien didn't like those expeditions; there were few orcs left in the borderland between Gondor and Sauron's former realm, but those who had miraculously survived the fiery chaos of his downfall hid very well in the cracks and caves of the Emyn Muil, and they attacked the forces of the King now and again, with determination and furious hate. Hopefully he would be back in time to witness the birth of his son or daughter. Any other outcome was something she stubbornly refused to even consider. The flames in the hearth had burnt down, and Noerwen removed the towel, pressing the soft, sweet dough into two huge baking pans. Then she leaned in, opened the iron shutter and carefully swept the coal and cinder aside with a blackened brush. The baking pans were placed on a wooden peel and slowly vanished in the hot depths of the oven. Noerwen closed the shutter and with a deep sigh of relief returned to an upright position. Her longing gaze swept over to the rocking chair beside the window. Perhaps resting for a while would be a good idea… save that she wasn't entirely sure that she would get out again once she had settled comfortably in it. Still… the last night had been rather unpleasant; her soon-to-be-born offspring had chosen the hours before dawn to toss and turn inside her womb, and she had not slept a wink. Just a few minutes… When she came back to herself again, the kitchen was filled with the delicious, rich smell of fresh, warm bread. She sighed, inhaling deeply… and suddenly became aware a sound she knew rather well from working in her herbal shed. A knife, hacking down on a wooden board. She opened her eyes, turned her head… and was rewarded with the sight of Éowyn, Princess of Ithilien, standing in front of the table and carefully cutting one of the loaves of cinnamon bread into thick slices. "Your Highness!" She tried to get up from the chair – and sank back with an undignified Ooof. "Your Highness, I'm sorry…" "For Eru's sake, stay seated!" the Princess said, smiling amicably and reaching out for a ceramic pot. "Moving around too much can't be healthy in your condition. And I may be a doubtable cook, but I'm able to cope with slicing bread any time." The beautiful face under the crown of wheaten hair grew a little more serious. "My son has finished raking the grass outside, by the way. As soon as he's properly fed with bread and jam, I will take him back to the residence and tell his father that you have shooed him through the undergrowth for at least three hours, in search of some rare flower that you need for one of your healing recipes… which was the punishment my husband had in mind after Elboron's ill-mannered behaviour on the day of the King's visit." She generously slathered two slices of bread with jam from the ceramic pot. "I personally believe that chipping wood, heating an oven and raking grass is a skill every child should acquire as soon as possible, even a future Steward of Gondor. But even though Elboron's father would agree with me – as would our Lord King – the nobility at the court of Minas Tirith would most certainly be completely horrified." "They are used to leaving that kind of work to a multitude of servants," Noerwen said, slightly frowning. "And your son was very eager to assist." "Of course he was." The Princess wiped her hands with the towel. "The alternative would have been two Sindarin lessons with Master Olorhel. And though many of the genteel of Gondor are beyond any doubt loyal and friendly, some of the ladies at the court are nothing else but a perfumed, malicious brood of vipers." Her lovely face hardened, if only for a short moment. "They are still not willing to forgive the surviving son of the deceased Steward that he did not chose his wife among their daughters." Noerwen eyed her curiously. "Is that the reason why you avoid Minas Tirith like the plague?" "Not really. I come from a land of green meadows and wide skies, and I always find that marvellous desert of white marble a bit… stifling." Éowyn sighed. "Now I'll collect my son and give him something to eat. And you - " A stern gaze. " – you stay where you are. I can send one of the maids from our kitchen with a little dinner, if you like." "That would be lovely." Noerwen smiled. "But you should choose a sturdy woman… for she'll have to help me out of this chair, or I'll have to spend the night in it." "I will," Éowyn said, "and I'll order her to stay here, in case that your child should decide to be born a few days earlier." Noerwen opened her mouth, but her protest was cut off immediately by a second stern look. "Do you really think that you'll be able to leave your bed, get down the stairs and waddle the two miles up to the residence, once the labour pains have begun?" "Erh… no, probably not." Noerwen grinned, at the same time amused and horrified by the sheer idea. "Thank you, Your Highness." The third stern look. "Éowyn." "Éowyn," Noerwen echoed, her eyes meekly downcast. "Oh, and something else…" She straightened her back, her face suddenly serious. "Is there any news from the men who went to the Morgul Vale?" "No." Èowyn shook her head. "Not yet. But I am sure they will return soon." She came over to the chair and touched Noerwen's shoulder. "All of them." vvvvv Late that night, Noerwen opened her eyes and sat up straight in her bed; she had no idea how many hours had passed since she'd bid the maid good night, but the breeze coming in through a crack of the window frame was cool and damp. Spreading her fingers automatically over her womb, she was rewarded with the sleepy kick of a tiny foot directly beneath her ribs. She scanned the dimly lit room; the candle chose just that moment to go out with a hiss, and she found herself in absolute darkness. Was it the maid on her way to the privy that had woken her up? But now all was silent, and after a few minutes of waiting Noerwen slowly relaxed and settled back into the pillows. And then she heard a soft neigh from outside. Steps approached on the gravel path leading to the door, and a voice she loved and knew, speaking in hushed tones: "The stable is over there, my Lord. Would you kindly care for the horses? I think I'll be able to get him inside." Noerwen hardly noticed the soft creak of the front door; she swung both legs out of the bed, heartbeat hammering wildly in her throat. Excitement and breathless joy made her nimble-footed as she rushed out of the door, for the moment ignoring her pregnancy and taking two steps at once on her way to the ground floor. She had just arrived downstairs when there was a shrill scream from the kitchen. "Help! Help, Milady Noerwen, we're being ambushed!" "Rock and stone, shut up , you silly goose!" A deep voice, like an angry, booming drumroll. "Don't you know your landlord?" Noerwen hurried around the corner… and ran directly into Imhiriel, the maid from Emyn Arnen. She stood in the entrance, her square-built figure properly packed from neck to toe in a modest nightgown, and she was shaking like an autumn leaf. Noerwen gave her shoulder a reassuring pat and steered around her, greeted by the light of candles in a brass candelabra on the kitchen table…. and the sight of Damrod, coming towards her, a smile in his eyes and one arm reaching out. Only seconds later she held him close and mouth to mouth, both hands buried in his hair. He smelled of sweat and exhaustion, but she didn't care the least, lost in his touch and the unspeakable relief that he had come back. "I'm sorry, sir… I didn't recognize you!" the maid lamented behind her. "And I didn't expect to wake up and see a dwarf standing in front of my cot!" "A dwarf?" Noerwen broke the kiss, just as the booming voice she'd heard earlier came from somewhere to her right… and the owner of that voice was clearly annoyed. "Yes, a dwarf, Mistress." He sat on the cot the maid had been sleeping on. She saw long, frizzy hair of an earthy brown, spilling from under a round helmet that had been dented on one side, perhaps by the heavy blow of a club or mace. Dark eyes, shining like blackberries, met her gaze; a long beard, braided to an intricate pattern of plaits, was neatly tucked away behind a broad leather belt. He wore long breeches, and over the right shin the trouser leg was torn apart, revealing a huge, dark spot discolouring the skin all around a makeshift bandage, and a strange bulge beneath. "A wounded dwarf, if I may add. Your husband insisted on bringing me here – because he didn't think that Prince Faramir's Healer would be able to cope with an… unpleasantness like this. Would you agree with him?" "Well…" Noerwen hesitated. "Erion doesn't exactly like to use a scalpel, that much is true." She turned back to Damrod, and now she noticed why he had only embraced her with his left arm.