Lay Me Down, Let Me Dream Co-written by Katnissdoesnotfollowback & Titania522 Summary: Katniss and Peeta share a bond so strong, even death cannot defy it. When tragedy threatens to separate them forever, Peeta risks his soul to save Katniss from an eternity of despair. Inspired by the book, What Dreams May Come by Richard Matheson and the movie by the same name, starring Robin Williams, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Annabella Sciorra. Written for Prompts in Panem , Real or Not Real: Everlark Dreamscape Week . Trigger warnings: Major Character Deaths, Minor Character Deaths, Suicide, Afterlife, Heaven, Hell, Reincarnation (Literally Everybody Dies). Rated M for Mature Sexual Content. Day 1 of 7: Cheeks Peeta XXXXX It's true what they say. When a person dies, their life really does flash before their eyes. But it isn't a B-rated film you watch from the back of the audience in some dingy theater. No, you are a part of the film, and you don't just watch but you relive every thought, every feeling, every moment from your expiration from the world, in reverse, until your in your mother's womb again. I was stubborn about dying and so didn't recognize what I was experiencing, even though everyone had always talked about those near death experiences. I didn't want to acknowledge the fact, even as I literally re-experienced every sensation of every thought and action of my life all over again. I convinced myself that it was a dream. I clung to the earth like a ship-wreck survivor clings to his life raft, even as the angry sea crashes down to dislodge him. It wasn't life I wanted at all costs though. Not in and of itself, despite the bakery, my art, or our cat. It was her. I couldn't leave Katniss, even as the capricious hand of God himself came along to pluck me away. So, when the moment came for me to finally leave, I was forced to do it for the same reason I had done everything else in my life; because it was better for her. I had had no choice, and in leaving, also left her with no choice but to do what she finally did. XXXXX It was one of those perfect spring days when we first met. I was sorting the pastries in the display case of the bakery, earning my way through college as I had earned my way through life, by working in my parents' shop. I'd been tossing bags of flour and sugar for as long as I could remember. I was frosting cookies at five, baking by eight and could run the shop alone by the time I was in middle school. I was a good son, a great student and the best employee that a parent could get; at least, that's the idea I'd always had about myself. My mind was full of the topic of my next Sophomore art paper - an explication of Chagall's Bella & Ida - when the bell tinkled, the creaking of the heavy wood door clicking closed soon after. I looked up to find a young woman carefully studying the treats, a slender finger tapping her full lips in contemplation as she considered the selection. As she made up her mind, I glanced behind her to study what passed as downtown traffic in town, but I couldn't keep my attention focused, my eyes magnetically drawn back to the dark rope of glossy hair that hung over her shoulder, the smooth, olive-skinned profile. When she looked up at me, ready to order, I found myself falling into the bottomless grey of her eyes, plunging downwards as if I'd slipped on the edge of a small, glassy pond and was suddenly looking out into the world I'd abandoned from beneath its crystalline surface. I knew at that moment, without real knowledge, but instinctively, that I stood on the edge of something monumental. Suddenly, I felt a great certainty about everything under the sun and all the confusion of my life was resolved in her small form. When she smiled, my heart lurched, as if in recognition of something I'd lost from the beginning of being and had only just found again. I opened and closed my mouth but that moment of recognition had robbed me of speech and instead I floundered like a captured fish on the shores of her lake. She gave me a shy smile, a certain understanding in her eyes as she tapped the glass case. "I've been looking all over for cheese buns," she said slowly, as if testing her knowledge. "I had the feeling I might find what I was looking for here," her tapping became a small caress as she ran her finger over the case before coming to a stop at the metal boundary of the counter. "They're here," I answered vaguely, still underwater, swimming upwards under her spell. She nodded slowly, waiting patiently as I placed a half-dozen in a bag, because I somehow knew that was how many she needed. Like everything that came afterwards between us, I just knew. As she paid for her purchase, I finally broke the surface, awareness of the world dawning on me again. She would go from whatever mists had brought her and I could not leave to chance that we would meet again. "Uh, we have blueberry scones...fresh...I just made them and, I mean...they're good," I moved quickly behind the counter, a shaky hand yanking a sheet of wax paper as I slid open the door of the display case. "Or cinnamon rolls?" I pulled one of the sticky buns onto the sheet and handed it to her. "You have to try one, on the house." Her eyes widened, as she stood somewhat dumbfounded before me. "I...you're giving me this?" she asked with a sudden wariness that made me panic. "A...sample." I stuttered nervously, hoping desperately that I hadn't done anything wrong. I was suddenly intimidated by her restrained energy, which vibrated around her like a quivering bow. Those eyes! She continued to study me as if she was trying to decide whether to trust me or not, when she brought the roll to her lips. Her eyes fluttered closed as she visibly savored the treat, a small moan escaping her lips that rolled over my body and settled in the middle of my stomach. I knew without her telling me that she liked it. "This is amazing!" she exclaimed when she'd finished it off. "There's more where that came from," I answered, which finally drew a smile from her. "What's your name?" She discarded the wax paper and looked up at me with eyes alive with mirth. "Katniss." "Katniss," I repeated as if in a daze before snapping to. "I'm Peeta, of Mellark fame," I jerked my thumb in the direction of the bakery sign announcing Mellark's Family Bakery , since 1952 . Katniss held the bag, now spotting in places from the buttery buns within, and raised an inquisitive eyebrow. "Good to know. Now I'll know where to find you." With a wry expression, she pulled the door, causing the bell to tinkle happily again and just as she'd entered, she left, allowing a burst of spring air to enter the shop behind her, overpowering the pungent smell of spices and yeast. I leaned against the counter, letting out my breath and shook my head at myself . Expecting the giddiness to fade, I returned to my work but found myself repeatedly getting lost in the memory of those grey eyes every time I let my concentration wander. XXXXX As soon as my brother, Rohan, showed up for the afternoon shift, I pulled off my apron, dusting myself so that the air around me seemed suspended with billowy puffs of flour that floated gently to the ground. When I was clean enough, I bound upstairs to the apartment I shared with my family over the bakery and collected my school things, heading towards the University Library. I was looking forward to getting that paper out of the way and, as a reward, work on my Modern Art project. As I walked, I couldn't stop thinking about the girl, Katniss, who I'd met in the bakery that morning. I didn't know her any better than I knew the traffic attendant that guarded the walkway from wayward traffic. And yet, she was profoundly familiar. I remember wracking my brain, wondering who she was, who she reminded me of but I continuously came up empty. My rational mind told me she was a stranger but another instinct, the one that took over me when I held my paint brush in hand, the wet fibers hovering over the canvass, causing me to plunge downwards in search of lines and forms; this same instinct told me that she was not a stranger. I shrugged at the paradox, wishing only that I'd thought to get her number so that I would stop obsessing over it and get my head into my work. As I sat down at the computer station, I pulled out my papers and books, logging onto my account so I could pull up the draft of my paper. I was lucky that the library had giant windows that stretched from floor to ceiling so I could still enjoy the now waning sun. It was a modern building, so the surfaces were smooth and shiny. The designers of the library had consciously added the dark wood and plush chairs that were so typically associated with libraries but it was too new to give a sense of sacredness to the information found inside. It took me back to the summer I visited New York City with my family and we wandered into the New York Public Library. No library could ever compare to the feeling of standing before the eternal knowledge that that library could give. I paused to savor the feeling, wondering at the way the mind could make connections between so many disparate things and create meaning out of them. I realized at that moment that the feeling of timeless awe that I'd felt beneath Milton's ceiling was the same feeling I had experienced when I stood before Katniss. I smiled at myself as I pulled out my notes and books and forced my wandering mind to focus on my art paper. XXXXX After an hour of almost uninterrupted focus, I was suddenly brought out of my zone by a loud sound of books tumbling onto the table of the cubicle adjacent to me. Even with the earbuds in place, I felt the vibration of the heavy tomes against the wood of the table where I worked. I rubbed my eyes tiredly - I was almost done and would soon print and edit my paper when the person at the table next to me caught my attention. I could tell it was a girl by the perfect part of her hair visible to me as the young woman bent over her things, no doubt sorting them. When she straightened, I stared in open shock. It was her, the girl from the bakery, and if I had been dumbfounded by her before, I was floored by her now. Her face was etched in a scowl of irritation at the books toppled in disarray at her desk but it did not detract one iota from her perfect symmetry. I had the sudden, unbidden thought of what the skin of her smooth cheek would feel like cupped in my hand and impulsively flexed and unflexed my fingers in response to her phantom flesh. It was a long moment before I realized that she was staring back at me. "Hi," I croaked out, certain that I was the color of red beets at having been caught ogling Katniss. "Hi," she answered, all movement frozen as if she were a deer caught by a hunter. Time held itself in check as we studied each other, students moving around us as