Title: Where Do Broken Hearts Go Author: titania522 Song Inspiration: Where Do Broken Hearts Go by Whiney Houston Dedicated to gozips28 - Happy Birthday, Boo! It was the last straw. After our latest argument, instead of talking it out calmly and rationally, like two adults in a serious relationship would do, Katniss had stormed out of the house. After three days she still hadn't bothered to call to let me know where she was. The only reason I knew she was at Johanna's was because Johanna herself had called me to ask if she could pick up some of Katniss' things. Johanna said she was tired of lending Katniss her clothes. However, the truth was Johanna was really just trying to keep me from worrying. Because I wasn't the only one who was tired of the back and forth. Our friends had also grown weary of sitting on the side of the road, watching our relationship explode like a bad car wreck over and over again. No, she'd frozen me out for the last time. She could finally be free to come and go as she pleased. I packed my things and left. XXXXX I'm not going to pretend that I didn't think about her every moment of my conscious and unconscious day. I'm not going to pretend that it didn't hurt that a week went by after I'd left our apartment and I still hadn't heard from her. But I knew that it was for the best. I needed to end the cycle of our break-ups and make-ups and even though I was miserable as hell, it was the right thing to do. In those dark days, I remembered repeating to myself so many times that leaving had been the right decision that I almost believed it. I mean, I'd been with Katniss for two years already. We were living together. Who would have thought asking her to marry me would provoke a titanic argument over "societal expectations" and "enforced commitment" that would lead her just up and bolt like that? I knew she had issues from her childhood. Hell, she wasn't the only one! It was clear that she didn't love me enough to be married to me and as much as it killed me, I figured it was better for her to realize that before we committed to each other for life. Then she showed up at the bakery. One look was all it took for my well-constructed rationalizations to fall apart. I hid it well though. I knew she was there the minute the door chimed but I waited until she was actually at the counter and said my name before I acknowledged her. "Peeta…" she said, her voice brittle with emotion. When I turned around, I could see the sleeplessness in the dark circles under her eyes, the gauntness of her cheeks. She looked like I felt and it was all I could do to keep myself from taking her in my arms and comforting her. "Thanks for letting me know where you were going." I said bitterly instead. However, I regretted the words the moment they came out of my mouth. That was not the way I wanted this conversation to go. "Peeta, please can we go somewhere and talk?" she said in a small voice. I shook my head, shielding myself against her with anger while inside the pain in my chest threatened to choke me. "Forget it Katniss. Let's leave things the way they are. It's just not working out between us." I diverted my eyes because staring at her too long would have broken my resolve. "Peeta, look at me. I need to talk to you. What you're saying is serious." The bell chimed again and an older couple entered the shop. I couldn't have this conversation here. Luckily, Rye stepped out into the serving area at that moment, casting a questioning glance at me before serving the customers. Stepping out from behind the counter, I took Katniss by the elbow and lead her to the dark storage room just adjacent to the register. Maneuvering behind the supplies that had been meticulously stacked by my father, I turned towards her, trying not to become entrapped by the beauty of her olive skin and dark hair. The only light penetrating that dark space was from a badly tinted window that faced the alley behind the bakery. Even with the grim illumination, her grey eyes glowed with unshed tears. I was weakening and soon I would be at her feet again. I had to end our conversation as quickly as possible. "There's nothing to say, Katniss. Sometimes things don't work out. It's better if we just take a break from each other." Katniss lifted her head, taking in a deep but tremulous breath as she spoke. "I don't want a break from you. I came to apologize. Don't do this." I exploded at this. "Do what? You walked out on me! You didn't even bother to tell me where you were going! Johanna had to call me and tell me you were with her…" "I only ever stay with Johanna or Prim. It was no secret where I was going." she said, moving closer to me. I stepped away because I couldn't trust myself to be strong if she touched me. "That's not the point! You act like we're not supposed to argue! Every time we fight, I shouldn't have to guess where you are going to sleep afterwards!" I rubbed my face, pacing to calm my nerves. There was no way I could be emotionally detached from her. "Couples who love each other talk their problems out. They don't run away from each other! Why are you even here if you just up and leave every time things get bad? Is this some game to you?" Katniss made a visible effort to remain calm. "This is not a game. I'm just not good at talking. But this is real to me. What we have is real to me." she pleaded. He ran his hands through his hair. "Then why? Why does this happen every time our relationship is ready to move forward?" I stopped in front of her, finding no relief in pacing. "I can take anything, Katniss. Anything that you need me to do, I'll do it. Anyone you need me to be, I can be that. But when you shut me out or worse, when you just leave and stay away for days...I don't have what it takes to handle that. I'm sorry. I don't want to live like that anymore." I fished the key-ring out of my pocket and began working a key from the it. Katniss' eyes grew wide as understanding dawned on her. She began shaking her head. "No, Peeta, I don't want it. No…" "I took all my stuff out of the apartment already. I left rent for the next two months - that should give you time to find a roommate or maybe find another place…" My voice cracked at the end and I was praying that something big, like a truck, would fall on my head at that moment and put me out of my misery. She backed away from me, leaving the key dangling in my hand. "Don't. Don't say it." I set the key down on one of the boxes before closing my eyes. "It's over." I turned on my heel and strode out of the storeroom. I didn't so much as look up as I darted straight for the exit of the bakery. I didn't even bother taking off my apron. The cold droplets of rain pierced me as soon as the door opened and for once I was grateful for the dismal weather because at least the frigid November storm would cool the hot tears on my face. XXXXX The next couple of months passed in a fog. I moved back in with Finnick, my best friend from college. He was really into Annie so living with him wasn't like living in a frat house the way it used to be. There were a lot of quiet nights where she came over and we'd hang out together. But most of the time I disappeared into my room and stayed out of their way. It seemed to me that everyone had somebody - Thresh, Gale, Johanna, Delly - shit, even fucking Cato had a steady. So when I missed Katniss, which was like every second of every day, I could look to my friends for absolutely no relief whatsoever. I was the Lone Ranger in the group. I could force that smile on my face when I saw them but I couldn't stop myself from being miserable. But the worst part was just getting through the day. Getting up. Getting dressed. Going to work. Coming home. Eating. Sleeping. Breathing. I considered a shrink. Maybe some sleeping pills to help me get through the night. A hook-up or a one-night stand. Anything at all. Instead I just took the pain. I didn't mind crying. I did it often enough when I was alone in my bed and listening to the rain on the roof or the crickets or the mute sounds of distant traffic. I drowned in the pain of having had what I wanted in my hand and not being able to keep it. I had tried - and failed - at loving her. XXXXX I wasn't prepared to see her again. I was starting to sleep all the way through the night so I wasn't as tired as usual when I got home from the bakery. She was sitting on the steps of our apartment building when I got out of work. At first, I didn't think it was her. All I saw was a girl in a trenchcoat and knee-high black boots in front of my house. My heart, having been put away in a lockbox inside of me, dusted itself off and began to pound through the cobwebs in my chest. The blood that rushed to my head made me suddenly dizzy and I had to stop a few feet away to get control of my breathing. She looked up just as I froze and I thought I heard several million synapses melt down to the point where I could no longer form a coherent thought. Katniss was gorgeous. Her straight, dark-brown hair was loose the way I liked it, her face clear except for the dark shadows under her bright eyes. Her mouth was full and plump, as if begging for a kiss. She had a dress or a skirt under her trenchcoat - something she never wore. It was Katniss and she was different somehow but not different enough to keep every fucking cell in my body from wanting her. I took a deep breath and tried for normal. "Hi." she said. "Uh, hi." I managed to croak out. We stared at each other, waiting to see who would make the first move. In the past, I was always the one to cave, always the one to give in. It was all I could do to not get down on my hands and knees and beg her to come back to me. There was no hope for me. I might never be with her again but I knew I would long for this woman all the days of my life, no matter where I went or what I did. Even though I was not allowed to love her anymore, every fiber in my being would ache for her. "Peeta." she said my name softly. "I, ah, you want to come inside?" I asked. She smiled at me. "Yeah. Thank you." She followed me as I fumbled with every single door lock, my hands shaking uncontrollably. Either she didn't notice or was too polite to say it but I managed to get us inside. I hung our coats and while she walked into the living room, I