This was based on an anon prompt on tumblr who asked "Can you do a drabble where after the news of the Quarter Quell, Katniss goes to Peetas house and they have wild sex?" Well, I changed it up a bit so the tone is different from what is in the ask and it's more of a one-shot. I hope you enjoy it! Thank you, Peetabreadgirl, for your fabulous – and quick – betaing. A Quarter Quell " On the seventy-fifth anniversary, as a reminder to the rebels that even the strongest among them cannot overcome the power of the Capitol, the male and female tributes will be reaped from their existing pool of victors." XXXXX Peeta leaves Haymitch and me sipping my mother's broth, nursing our respective hangovers and our wounded egos. He's poured all of Haymitch's liquor down the drain and given us a thorough tongue-lashing for getting drunk last night. He's right, of course. I'm pathetic. He responds to the announcement of the Quarter Quell by begging for my life and putting in motion a plan to get us physically ready for the Arena. I respond by getting piss drunk. In all fairness, I begged for his life also, made Haymitch promise to help me save Peeta, but in the intervening time between the reading of the envelope and my conversation with Haymitch, I hid in a basement and gave myself over to crippling self-pity. Shame is too strong of a word to use for the way that I now feel. You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve that boy. Of that, I have no doubt. XXXXX I trudge back to my house, thinking of my mother and sister. The Quarter Quell announcement has me close to toppling over like a house of cards. My stomach knots in fear and the nightmares, despite the alcohol, were fierce this night and will likely continue to be for a long while. I glance over at Peeta's house. On this overcast day, the light is on in the kitchen. I imagine him moving about it, perhaps kneading dough or taking something he's baked out of the oven. He keeps all of us well-stocked with bread and other baked goods. I cringe internally as I recall the look of disdain he gave me and Haymitch, how he scolded us, how very self-righteous he decided to be. It angers me, yet there is another feeling underneath I can't quite pinpoint. Instead of turning towards my own home, and purely without conscious decision, my feet move in the direction of his house and I am on his doorstep, rapping on the door. I can hear his uneven tread as he approaches and wonder suddenly what the hell I'm doing there. "Katniss!" Peeta exclaims, lifting an eyebrow as he steps aside to let me in. "Why the surprise?" I say with false bravado as I enter his home and make for his kitchen. "I just thought you might go back to bed or something," Peeta says and it's in his tone - the disappointment and irritation. Anger floods my veins and I want to say something biting and sarcastic but I blush instead and turn to survey his kitchen. He's been at it again - baking. Compulsive baking. Every available surface is covered with baked goods - muffins, cakes, breads, cookies, pastries...I glance at his face and I see the signs in the dark circles around his eyes that he hasn't slept. He was probably up all night, baking as he plotted. He's full of tension as I feel the shame wash over me again. "What are you going to do with all of this?" I swallow hard, observing the way the piles of cakes and cookies lean over precariously. I walk to the nearest tray and snatch up a frosted cookie, unable put it anywhere near my mouth as my stomach curls in nausea. I set it back down and wait for his response. Peeta rubs the back of his neck, looking at everything as if he was just realizing that he'd made enough bread and goodies to feed all of District 12. "I'm going to give it all away to whoever I see," he answers, his eyes suddenly locking on mine, as if searching for an answer to a question he hasn't asked yet. I feel like an insect pinned inside a glass case, unable to pull away. He can do that - freeze me in place with a look and I'm simultaneously disconcerted and compelled to do as those eyes tell me to do. The buzzer on the oven goes off, making us both jump and breaking the spell. Neither of us responds well to loud noises and my heart pounds wildly beneath my ribcage. Meanwhile, Peeta takes out the muffins he's baking, setting them over the sink to cool, since all the racks have been taken up. I think of his parents - how I never see them in Victor's Village. How he goes to have dinner with them a few times per week. Is it a formality or does he enjoy it? And how cavernous this house must feel when no one is here. A glance at the living room shows he's added very little of himself to the decor of the house. Life is here, in this warm kitchen and that strange feeling from earlier bubbles up again. I start to identify it as longing, though I'm unclear as to what, in particular, I'm longing for. I only know that it has something to do with Peeta. "I can help you," I offer. "You know, get the stuff down to the center. Find folks to take it." Peeta cocks his head, studying me. "Are you up to it?" he crosses his arms and I can tell from his posture that his mind is still on this morning. "Why wouldn't I be?" I say defensively. "Well, I figured you might be a little, you know, too queasy to get much done today." He says this almost sweetly but I can hear the sarcasm in his voice. It sets my heart pounding. "You can stop making a big deal about me getting drunk. I've never gotten drunk in my life and I think I'm a little entitled, given the circumstances. " I spit angrily. "I'm not going on and on about it!" Peeta snaps back. "It's Haymitch's job to get falling-down drunk, not ours!" Blood rushes to my ears now and I become angrier by the moment. "Well, you are going on and on about it, in that 'I'm so perfect' way!" "I'm not saying I'm perfect!" explodes Peeta. "I'm saying, instead of wallowing in pity, we need a plan. One of us is coming out of that arena and it isn't going to happen if all we do is get drunk. I guarantee, the Careers are not getting drunk at this moment!" "I don't care what the stupid Careers are doing at this moment!" Peeta steps towards me, eyeing me carefully. I've become flushed with anger, and I can feel the aggression radiating off of me. "I do! We aren't going into that arena unprepared this time. We are going to train and workout and there is no room for pity-parties!" I'm so angry, I'm close to tears and I don't want to cry, not over this. "Well, congratulations, you get the award for most well-adjusted Victor! Sometimes, life gives you things that you aren't equipped to handle!" I'm shouting now and I don't care if all of District 12 hears me. Sliding down my cheek, I can feel the hot, humiliating liquid. I whirl around to hide my shame, which, if I am honest with myself, is what is fueling my anger: Shame because Peeta was not the first person I thought of when I heard the news. Shame because I'm afraid. I'm the only female Victor from District 12... Because I don't know if I can take care of Peeta if this time, and the prospect of failure makes me want to fall on my knees and cover myself in ash. The hysteria takes over again and I think of the sheet of plastic, the broken window of the basement I hid in yesterday. I long for darkness, cold and silence to drown out the realization that I will be returning to the Games, where the Gamemakers are determined to destroy me this time. I begin to move towards my goal, baked goods be damned. "Katniss!" Peeta calls out, catching my arm. I yank back to escape his grasp but he is strong, his large, calloused fingers clamping around my forearm, the tips easily touching. "Hey, stop, will you?" he pleads, pulling me back to face him. "I'm sorry, okay! I'm sorry!" That feeling overtakes me again, the one that has been struggling to escape from beneath the fear, embarrassment and self-preservation. It's longing - for him, for his arms, for that sense of safety that only he can give me. It rears up like a hungry dragon and I stop thinking as I fling my arms around his neck, searching for that place of refuge. "I don't want to go back in!" I whisper fiercely, choking in fear. As my body melts into his warmth, the powerlessness rises up to drown me. "I don't know if I can protect us! They'll be out for me!" I squeeze my arms and I am sure I'm cutting off his breathing but I've become a ball of need and I cling to him for dear life. "Katniss!" he croaks and I loosen my hold on him. "That's why we have to train," he pulls back to look at me, his blue eyes boring into mine as his hand cradles my cheek. "We can't go in there without a plan this time. They have to have a Victor, right? Well, it's going to be one of us." He says this so firmly that I almost want to believe him. Already, his close proximity soothes me and brings me down from the precipice of madness. My mind, emerging from the imagined horrors of this Quarter Quell, reminds me of my purpose, Keep Peeta alive . "It's going to be one of us," he repeats and I nod, wiping away the tears that are now drying on my face. He makes to pull away but I won't let him. "I'm tired, Peeta. Lay down with me?" I ask in a small voice. His face becomes sad but he nods. "Okay. I'll lay down with you." He takes my hand and leads me upstairs to his bedroom. The floorplan of all of the Victor's Houses are the same so when we enter the room where he sleeps, I am not surprised at all that it is the one with the wide balcony overlooking the road leading through Victor's Village, the one I insisted go to my mother. The bed is large and covered in thick pillows that Peeta clearly returns to order when he wakes, nothing like the pile of bed sheets that I abandon each morning when I leave bed to go hunting. We engage in our old routine - I remove my shoes and pants and set them on the chair next to the bed while he leaves his shoes at the entrance of the room, flush against the wall - and it feels like coming home. On that horrible train, he was my refuge, my comfort and my body remembers, relaxing automatically in response to his closeness. As I slide under the sheets, I feel his bare leg against mine, the cool metal and plastic of his prosthetic and I gasp in relief, releasing the stress of not being able to retreat to him whenever I wanted, the way I used to on the Victory Tour. Peeta watches me as he lays on his side, his head resting on the pillow. I try to ignore his eyes -