The Strange and Wondrous Gift of the White Stag Warning: Major Character Deaths This is my winter song. December never felt so wrong, Cause you're not where you belong Inside my arms I still believe in summer days, The seasons always change And life will find a way. I'll be your harvester of light And send it out tonight So we can start again... from Winter Song by Sara Bareilles He'd seen many winters in his long life but this was the coldest one Peeta had ever experienced. The snow drifts were high on both sides of the paved road where the snow plows had tried to clear a path through after yesterday's snowstorm. His measure of the season was always the degree to which he felt the aching of his missing limb, the cold assaulting the absent leg in a way it never could his other, intact leg. This strange sensitivity in his phantom limb had long ceased to amaze him as it had in his youth, where in the twilight of waking, he would swear that piece had not been stolen from him. Katniss came in from checking her traps and snares just as he pulled out the warm loaf from the oven. Despite the tragedies that she had seen in her youth, life had been kind to her. After surviving two Games, a Revolution and the death of her beloved sister, life had taken a turn towards tranquility, the quotidian mundanity of her days a welcome respite from the horrors that had almost exceeded the limits of her will to live. "You won't believe what I saw in the woods today." she said in a husky voice, raspy from cold and age as she set down the few rabbits she'd caught in her snares. Even now that she was afflicted with the discomforts of old age, she could still sit for hours at a time, waiting for prey, taking in the view of her childhood woods, listening to the whisper of the winter wind, the delicate rustling of leaves against the bare trees. At this time of her life, climbing trees was becoming a rare treat she engaged in with aching slowness, yet she never lost the ability to be alone, in complete isolation from anyone or anything but the woods to keep her company. "What did you see?" asked Peeta as he limped slowly to the cooling rack and set the loaf on it. "A white stag." She replied almost reverently. She paused for a moment to push away the wisps of grey hair that licked at her face. When Katniss considered cutting her hair to a more practical length several years ago, Peeta had become fiercely adamant, which he did about very few things, that she not cut it short. As if to reinforce the absolute necessity of her hair to his existence, he limped to where she sat on the cozy loveseat near the fireplace and rebraided it for her, as he always did every day for more than 60 years of their lives together. "Those are very rare." He said as he worked carefully on her thick braid, wrapping the end with a deep green elastic hair-tie. "More than rare. When I was barely old enough to hold a bow, my father told me an old legend of the White Stag." She put her feet up on the hearth to warm them after the chill of the woods. Peeta brought two cups of the thick hot chocolate he'd had waiting for her return and sat next to her, resting after the effort of baking for this evening's meal to celebrate the Winter Solstice. "It was believed that the White Stag was a magical creature who had been alive since men began to hunt. He is a kind of patron to those who live from the woods and hunters supposedly only saw the White Stag once in their lives, if ever. He was impossible to catch so if you did see him, you were absolutely forbidden to hunt him, because he would cast a spell of bad luck that would never go away." She adjusted herself, careful not to spill her chocolate as she continued. "So if you were lucky enough to see him, my father taught me that you must thank him for allowing himself to be seen. For those hunters who showed the proper respect, legend said they were granted one true wish that was guaranteed to come true. But the wish had to be a wish from the heart, from the very deepest desires. Frivolous wishes were ignored." She paused thoughtfully before sipping the thick, rich liquid with relish. "So, no wishing for unlimited chocolate or anything like that." Peeta teased. She smiled as she put the confection to her lips again. He knew of all the things she loved, a mug of his homemade hot chocolate was perhaps her greatest indulgence. Her amused smile faded as Peeta set the mug on the hearth, the familiar nausea-inducing vertigo visibly overtaking him. He straightened up slowly in his seat, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath as he did so. Katniss' face went pale as she grabbed his arm to help stabilize him. "Is it hurting?" she said, the tremor in her voice made more pronounced by the anxiety that gripped her chest. Peeta smiled, placing his hand, still so large and strong even after so many years, over her small one, causing her to relax her grip. "No, it never hurts." he told what they both knew was a lie. " I just feel dizzy, that's all." He relaxed his posture and leaned carefully onto the back of the loveseat. Katniss and Peeta were over 80 years old, yet when she thought back to that black period of her past, when she had been forced to fight for her life and the lives of those she loved, the steady rage she felt towards the former Capitol for all that they had taken from them burned within her just as it had the day she heard of the destruction of District 12. She had little cause to think about it in the latter years of her life, filled as her days were with the beautiful chaos of her children, their spouses, and the crowning jewels of her life, her four grandchildren. But when Peeta began to suddenly lose his balance six months ago and the bouts of nausea became frequent and debilitating, her rage flared up like a conflagration. Peeta was sick. All the tracker jacker venom and the treatments used to break his mind had left the seed of illness in his body. As soon as he was no longer strong enough to fight off the cancer, it sprouted, like a malevolent memory of the evil he had endured in his youth. It started, fittingly, in his brain in the form of a tumor; inoperable and spreading like a web of vile weeds until it had penetrated his bone marrow. Peeta had refused the treatments and the endless radiation. He didn't want to be at the mercy of chemicals ravaging his body once again. Sure, they could prolong his life, but only enough to suffer a bit longer. It had been a painful decision they'd made together, not informing any of the children of the situation. Now the signs of his body's decline were showing more and more each day. His eyes never ceased to be the same cerulean blue that no amount of peril or dark makeup could make dangerous. His blond hair had thinned a bit and turned white but the dark circles around his eyes recalled the days years ago when he was still plagued by those terrible flashbacks. His limp was more pronounced and he had lost weight. It was in moments like these that Katniss confronted the very real truth that this time next year, her beloved husband, the man who had taught her to hope and love again, would no longer be with her. Her hands began to shake but she would not burden him with her grief. The pain of her husband's illness was a floodgate best opened in the lonely solitude of her woods. Instead, she got up as quickly as her creaky bones would allow and walked to the small drawer that held his medicines. "No, Katniss, please." he begged tiredly. "They just make me foggy. I want to be alert." Katniss stared at the bottle for a moment then set it back down gently in the drawer. Sometimes she cursed her hunter's instinct. Just as she could sense the presence of a living creature when she hunted, so could she also sense weakness and injury. And in Peeta she perceived the slow withering of his energies. His illness was a sore in her heart, the deep wound spreading throughout his body and it was all she could do to not scream in rage and desperation. She had not had a depressive episode in more than twenty years but she'd been fighting against the black abyss every day of these last six months. It won't be long now, is what her heart told her with every pounding beat. She was so focused on containing the outward evidence of her impending loss that she did not feel him near her until he wrapped his arms around her. "It's going to be okay. You'll see. All journeys must come to an end." She turned in his arms and held onto him as fiercely as her frail arms would allow. XXXXX The Festival of the Winter Solstice was a revival of an old tradition from the Dark Days. In the ancient period of North America, before the catastrophe that had threatened all life on this fragile continent, the festival had been known as Christmas, based on the very real belief of the birth of a Messiah, or Savior who would save humanity from their sins. This belief then morphed into the festival that was to be celebrated that evening. The Winter Solstice was the longest night of the year and after the fall of the Capitol, the festival was brought back into widespread use by the oldest citizens, the memory keepers of the Districts. It was not dissimilar to the Harvest Festival in that there was a gathering of friends and relatives to dine and share music or stories together. Then, at midnight, each member shared a gift with one other member of the group, usually by prearrangement. Rose, Katniss' oldest daughter, had decided when she was nine years old, that the family should hold a kind of lottery during the Harvest Festival meal in which everyone's name went into a hat and each family member chose a slip of paper. They would then be responsible for providing a gift to the person on the paper during the Festival of the Winter Solstice. This tradition had continued and became entrenched because Rose was a natural born leader, the matriarch-apparent in the family. Finnick, Katniss' and Peeta's middle son, was notorious for trying to slip his name into the hat twice, much to the chagrin of the twins, Pearl and Bow, who even as adults were the targets of their older brother's mischief. This year, Peeta insisted that they host the dinner, despite his illness. Katniss managed to compromise with him and make it a pot-luck instead of cooking the entire meal themselves. Rose, being Rose, was the first to arrive with her husband, Pyrus, and their two children. Rose was her father's daughter in everything - even tempered, well-spoken and gregarious. She was also a gifted writer who worked for the local newspaper though the twins were the true visual artists. Her boys, Alder and Peeta (or as he was fondly referred to as Little Peeta) were young men already and had inherited their mother's incredibly deep blue eyes and her tendency to talk. None of Katniss offspring had ever suffered from hunger, disease