Strip-tease and Gumdrops When the elevator stopped off on our floor, Katniss literally stomped away from me so quickly I barely made it to her bedroom door before it slammed shut in my face. I was dumbfounded. Honestly, how could I be held responsible for a grown woman deciding to strip down to nothing in front of us? And I looked. Does she even get what being presented with a perfect pair of real, live breasts means to a 17 year old? As I turned on my heel and went back to my room, I became more unsettled. She spent six months ignoring me, going off into the woods with Gale every Sunday, doing who knows what and she's begrudging me for something over which I had no control? I froze at the entrance of my room, rooted to the ground by a sudden, intense flare up of anger. Who did she think she was, anyway, acting like that? I had half of a mind to go to her room and tell her a thing or two. My thoughts took me to a happier place and I thought back on Johanna's breasts. They were large but not enormous, like perfectly formed, dewy raindrops. They looked heavy but firm, her nipples pink. The tips were rigid probably because of the climate controlled air in the elevator. There was no question – she was hot. She didn't have a wasted ounce on her muscular body, her curves filled out in all the right places. But Johanna was not my type. She was too angry, too unstable. Really, who was I fooling? I had only one type and her name was Katniss Everdeen. As usual the only way I would caress her curves was maybe in my dreams. Just thinking about Katniss brought all of my frustrations back to me. Her behavior was completely unpredictable and infuriating. I was in the middle of a very satisfying mental rant when I heard a bold knock on my door. Expecting it to be Haymitch, I was completely taken aback to see two heavily made-up, grey-slitted eyes glaring back at me. Katniss looked like a cat ready to spring. "Katniss!" I exclaimed in surprise. I barely uttered the last syllable of her name when she physically shoved me inside the room, almost knocking me over. "What the hell was that for?" I said as she shut the door behind her. "I don't find jokes at my expense to be very funny." She hissed. "What are you talking about?" Her eyes flashed in the dim light of the room. The combined effect of her stormy gray eyes, the tight bodice of her dark parade dress and the smoky makeup suddenly conspired to make me feel physically uncomfortable. "First there's Finnick creeping all over me with his sugar cubes and his 'secrets'" she hooded her eyes and pursed her lips, imitating his accent as she said the words. I had to repress the urge to chuckle, knowing it would probably earn me a slap, "then old Chaff just, blech …" she makes a gagging sound, her eyes virtually crossing in on themselves in disgust, "and Johanna stripping down to her nothings , practically throwing herself at you…and you weren't minding it one bit!" "Whoa, Katniss, she wasn't throwing herself at me!" I tried to pacify her, though she really was a vision, her fists balled up, and her foot practically stamping the floor in anger. "Giving you a three minute strip tease and an eyeful of her…" here she cupped her own breasts, which made a synapse misfire somewhere in my brain and I could sense the beginnings of a meltdown…"giant mammaries! That's not throwing herself at you?" I shook my head to get the vision of Katniss grabbing herself out of my head. "First of all, her mammaries aren't giant…" her eyes became murderous at this point. Clearly, correcting factual misconceptions about the dimensions of Johanna's breasts was not what she'd come here for. "Well they are huge when you have a set the size of gumdrops!" she screamed. As soon as the words left her mouth, she clamped a hand over her lips, an embarrassed flush spread over her face and neck, warring with the heat of her previous anger. I hesitated a moment, the air pregnant with a thick, awkward silence. I didn't think Katniss even worried about those kinds of things. "Katniss, your breasts are not the size of gumdrops. They're perfect. You're perfect." I said, a heat overtaking me as she instinctively looked down at herself then looked up at me sheepishly. I wanted to reach out and caress her reassuringly. I had never struggled so hard to control my hands as I did at that moment. Her face was flaming red and, as she is so good at doing, she made a break for the door like a startled gazelle but even if the rest of her behavior could be completely unfathomable; there were some things about which she was refreshingly predictable. She was a regular prude when it came to some things and when she was that uncomfortable, she could do no better than to run. Anticipating her reaction, I pushed on the door as soon as her hand made for the knob. Her flush deepened, mortification causing her chest to heave, those breasts she so took for granted stretching towards me as if they knew I would do anything to get lost in them. "Tell me what your real problem is and I'll let you go." I said, my skin so close to her temple that the warmth of my own breath redoubled back towards me. Katniss' face lost its edgy anger, becoming confused and so heart-breakingly vulnerable, I had to resist the urge to take her into my arms. I stood fast and waited instead. "I…I was just mad. That's all." She said petulantly. "I don't like people laughing at me." She repeated her argument mechanically, her anger seeming forced, sputtering out like a tired match. Anger came easily to Katniss - it was her catch-all emotion for all the other subtler, more delicate emotions she did not allow herself to feel. "No one was making fun of you, least of all me. If I didn't know any better, I would think you were jealous." Katniss eyes widened before narrowing on me again. "Jealous? Why would I be jealous? She's not…You don't like her in that way…do you?" she voice sank to a whisper. Now it was my turn to be confused. "I thought you might be jealous of her breasts." An idea began to dawn on me, making my heart race. "But since we're on the subject, she is pretty hot." Her silver eyes returned to their glittering slits of shrapnel, hurling their hatred towards me. "Well, you're free to like whoever you want. That's your business." She hissed. "You're right." I said, observing her every movement, trying to get to the source of her unhappiness, hardly daring to believe what my eyes were telling me. "We're just friends, right? I mean, in public, we have to act the part but in private, we are both pretty free." I said, savoring each syllable and the effect it was having on her. There was a small part of me that derived a perverse satisfaction from seeing her so discomfited by the idea that someone else might find me desirable. "It seems to me that Johanna would be the type who knows how to be discreet." I sent this last parting salvo before releasing my hold on the door. Katniss' face took on a look of deep concentration, that intimidating intensity that brought out her signature scowl, her eyes searching everywhere but my face. "No." she said in a fierce whisper, which made me crease my brow in confusion. "No?" She looked at me and it was not with the rage she came with or the confusion she was just struggling with. There was something else, something so determined in her eyes, it made me instinctively wary, as if I had suddenly become one of the animals she hunted in the woods. "No, you aren't doing what you just said." She said this, taking a step closer to me. "You're not sneaking around with Johanna Mason or anyone else for that matter." I wanted to say something indignant, to tell her that just as she was free to go hopping around in the forest with Gale and ignore me for six long, punishing months, so I was free to avail myself of any mammaries that were cast my way. Except that it would be the biggest, most transparent lie because I knew that in the condition that I was, I would rather not know a woman than to know one that was not Katniss and it made me feel down right pathetic. She saved me the embarrassment of verbalizing this because while I was lost in my thoughts, her lips were on mine with a tentative ferocity, as if she were warring with herself, one side of her plowing forward mindlessly while some part of her held her back. My shock lasted barely a moment before my hands were on her head, my lips returning the pressure with the heat of my own. I was content to kiss her in this way but the wet insistence of her tongue pushed for more. I let my lips open slightly and soon she was kissing me with an aggressive ardor that made every nerve in my body catch fire. She snaked her arms around my neck, threading her fingers through my hair. It was bold, presumptuous, and even arrogant but also so incredibly hot, my skin went numb to every other sensation except her. The rational part of me still tried to assert itself. This was Katniss, my dream, sure but also the most unpredictable human being I'd ever met. I'd been down this road, had my expectations brought up only to see them crushed under the well-worn heel of her hunting boot. I should be thinking about self-preservation. And there was the small fact that I loved her and I was positive she did not have the same certainty towards me. I was inviting heartbreak and suffering all over again. And yet, my hands had their own volition. They glided to her hips and rested, not sure how else she should be held but her body answered in response as she pressed the full length of herself against me. There was too much longing and frustration and lost hope trapped inside of me to stop. I felt her assault, heard the whimpers emerge from the back of her throat. I was undone. I let my hands roam over her body, my fingers memorizing every curve of her slender frame, each swell and valley until I was gripping her to me. She released my battered lips and turned her head to the side as if in invitation and I kissed her neck, taking in the smell of her under all of the makeup and creams, nipping at a tender spot behind her ear which elicited a soft moan from her. Her head fell back, granting me greater access to the delicate skin of her collarbone, the exposed shoulders and chest fairly begging to be covered in wet, warm kisses. Katniss did not spare me her impatience, even here and gripped my hair, directing me downward until my lips caressed the top swell of her breasts. I feared I was going too far and looked into her eyes, pleading for permission to explore, knowing that I should just shut the hell up and not break the mood but I could never take advantage of her like that. She cocked her head to the side, her eyes lidded with longing and another feeling I did not dare to understand. Holding my gaze, she stepped back and shyly unclasped the bodice of her gown. There