The Holly Queen Many thanks to eala-musings for the brilliant betaing. Also, thanks to Love in Panem for hosting the 12 Days of Christmas writing challenge. " Why love what you will lose? There is nothing else to love." ― Louise Glück, Triumph of Achilles Peeta Mellark never considered himself a very lucky man. He was the youngest son of the village baker, beloved by his father but, for reasons of jealousy and bitterness, largely unwanted by his mother. Despite her cruelty, which would have embittered a less noble soul, he accepted this state of affairs and conducted himself with the full measure of human kindness and decency. He was fair to look upon, but it was his mother's design to marry the older brothers off before him, as was customary with her people. So any young lady that might have shown an interest in the young Mellark boy could hope only to wait indefinitely for the eldest brothers to find their accommodation first. To escape the drudgery of his labors, Peeta took to wandering the woods near his village. He was too tender of heart to hunt but he took every opportunity to observe nature in her varied splendor. He had the great gift of art and could duplicate whatever he saw with fidelity. It also cured his loneliness, for though there was not one soul from the village to be found in those solitary woods, he always felt like he was not alone. So he set himself each time he ventured into the forest upon a large rock outcropping, or a felled tree stump, and drew the forest in all its seasons. He did not favor spring over winter, nor hope for the heat of summer when the leaves were brown. The forest was his mistress and he loved her in all her moods, honoring her with his pencil and paper, drawing her likeness in the mutable ways that she changed before the world. His love for those woods was unconditional. On the day of Samhain, on a day like this, when winter had arrived early and the snow adorned the land in a gown of white, he was the lone wanderer in his woods. He searched for holly boughs to decorate the hearth for the winter, for it was said to bring luck if one kept holly near the hearth. He felt a presence, like a shadow floating just outside of his vision, a shadow that quickly hid from him when he turned his attention towards it. It was an old feeling that no longer frightened him, for he was not superstitious by nature and simply accepted what was. During his wanderings, he came upon a thicket of white holly, so rare and pristine, he was sure that it was meant for him. As he searched for the boughs to cut, he heard a rustling deep in the thicket. To his surprise, he discovered a small doe caught in the branches. Her fur was uncharacteristically dark for a winter creature, with eyes as grey as the sky before snowfall. She stared at him without fear or struggle, and it struck Peeta that she was an uncommonly sweet creature. Though her meat would be highly prized, his compassion did not allow him to harm her, so he carefully untangled the nettle, releasing the captured leg. When she was free, she cast a glance towards him before bounding away into the forest. When he turned from the escaping doe, his eyes fell upon the loveliest holly bough he had ever seen. It's large, spiny, white leaves were robust and shiny, as if they had been shaped from glass. The berries were round and turgid, red as rubies. Clipping the bough carefully, he wrapped it and placed it in his sack with the other branches he'd collected. Peeta returned to his home with the holly, his mind full with the image of the lovely, wild creature he'd freed, wondering if he could draw it from memory. His kindly father placed the holly boughs throughout their home, but Peeta took the special bough and placed it in his room, above his bed, where he could admire it each night before he went to sleep. That evening, when he readied himself for bed, he caressed the round, turgid berries, thinking of the soft fur of the sweet doe, hoping she had found her way in the forest without further incident. It was bitterly cold at night and snow blew through the land with uncommon force. Surely she must be safe. With that thought, he fell into a sound sleep. But that night, he dreamed a most vivid dream. There was someone in his room with him. It was the doe he had rescued - no, not the doe, but a young woman. Slight of build, her complexion bore the dark tones of olive branches and wood bark. She wore a shift that appeared to be made of light and mist. Her impossibly dark hair was braided, long and luxurious over her left shoulder. But he recognized most of all the grey of her eyes, in whose depths he discovered pools filled with the magic of the forest. She did not speak, but sat beside him and sang melodies in a tongue he did not understand. She kept him company, singing and watching him until light from the rising sun streamed through the dustmotes hanging in the air. She faded away as he woke, and in his wonder, he searched his room for any sign of the creature who'd kept his side but the only thing that drew his eye was the branch that hung above his head. And so it continued. Each night he slept and each night she came to his bedside to hold her vigil and sing songs of peace into his soul. These strange dreams did not leave him drained, for they were only dreams, after all, even though they were the most vivid he'd ever experienced. Yet though they taxed him very little, they left a bit of their magic behind with him as each day wore on towards the darkest part of the year. They became his refuge from the days of work and harsh words from his mother, his father's kind but indifferent nature. Peeta could only watch her, bask in her voice, so afraid she would take her magic and leave him if he dared to even speak to her. But the desire to know her became too great. He could not bear to lose her but he wanted, more than anything else, to know who she was. After a fortnight, when he closed his eyes and his doe appeared, he did not allow the night to pass but sat up in his bed and spoke to her. "Who are you?" he asked. To his relief, the lovely doe-girl did not disappear but nodded serenely instead. "I am Katniss." Peeta swung his legs over the side of the bed, the chill in the room sending a shiver up his spine, though she appeared completely immune to it. He rose and stoked the flames that had died low, relieved that she had not disappeared. "How do you come to be here, with me?" Katniss's eyes shifted to the holly bough above him. "You saved me. Now I protect you." He had suspected that she was tied to the doe. Her words were his confirmation. "Are you tied to me by choice or by magic?" At this, she gave him a small smile. "Fairies do very little that is not of their own desire." Her words brought unexpected warmth to his heart. She had kept him company in his dreams for more than a fortnight of her own free will. And she would not soon depart. She came every night after and sang to him. He prepared cookies and cakes as offerings to her, which she ravished with glee. "Fairies love gifts above all things," she said. Peeta smiled, relishing this new power to please her. "Let me give you another gift, to lay at your feet, as I am at yours." Katniss watched with expectation as he searched for the charcoal and paper that he used to sketch and set to work on committing her exquisite form to paper. He was possessed by a spirit that shook his hand, made his stomach leap and spread a pool of heat from the deepest part of his belly, up through his chest and nestled in his heart. He fed on his creation and became drunk on the study of her beauty until he felt incandescent. He handed the likeness to her, which she received with wide eyes of wonder. "Have I pleased you?" he asked. She nodded her head quickly, unable to take her eyes from the drawing. "Yes! Oh, you have pleased me very much!" So each night, he plied her with offerings and drew her in her various poses. He discovered she loved the small puffs of bread stuffed with cheese and was sure to at least save a pair just for her, among the other treats he brought her. The strangeness of food consumed in dreams meant little to Peeta, just as her appearance and disappearance gave him no pause. Her presence pleased him and in the practice of quotidian things, they found the path to speak openly to each other. He unburdened his heart of his troubles - the indifference of his mother, the heavy work of the bakery, his estrangement from his older brothers. She accepted without argument all that he said. Though she was small and appeared as ethereal as starlight, he felt safe with her and understood. For her part, she was more reserved and did not share as easily as he did. But one night, after much cajoling and many sweet treats, which she appeared to favor above all other things, she finally spoke of her family. "My people belong to the forest. Father - he is no more. But I have a mother and sister." She sat primly in a wooden chair in his room before the fireplace, taking tea at his small writing table. "The legends say there are many like you," he said. Katniss smiled above her cup of tea. "We live in the holly trees and our magic is tied to them." Peeta glanced at the bough that he'd hung over his bed. "That is why you stay?" Katniss nodded solemnly. "That is why I stay but that is not why I chose you." "You chose me?" She lowered her cup and he was sure, in the dim candlelight of the room, that her darkened skin flushed a delicate pink. "I have watched you many a day. This is how I know of your kind. They are cruel and greedy. But you are gentle. You come to the forest, you admire its beauty but you take nothing for yourself. You could have hunted and killed me but I knew you wouldn't. It is not your way." Peeta leaned forward, clutching her hand suddenly. "Am I really dreaming?" She smiled. "Isn't life but a dream?" With that, she leaned in towards him, touching her lips to his in a soft kiss. It was solid, warm and incontrovertibly real. Yet, he felt that it was every bit the stuff that dreams were made of. XXXXX Several nights later, Katniss appeared, pulling a rope of ivy from her gown. With utmost care, she took the holly from the place where it was appended to the wall and wrapped the ivy branch around it. "What is that for?" Peeta asked. "Winter belongs to Holly," she said, tucking the end of the ivy under the branch. "When summer comes, Oak will rule the land. This is the dance of the seasons since the beginning of all things." When she'd completed her labors, she turned towards him. "I am the Holly Queen. And you are now my King." With that, she let