Many thanks to akai-echo and thegirlfromoverthepond for prereading. Originally posted to tumblr September 2, 2016. This is my lake. I'm exaggerating a little but not much. My family's small house has been on this lake since my Grandfather, Emmett Everdeen, bought the land for a song and built our house along its shores. Because it's a small and obscure mountain lake on the outskirts of an even smaller and obscure town, you'd think people would eventually forget that it's there. And most have - there are only a handful of visitors from town who park at the public boat launch and go out for an afternoon of bass fishing, or the occasional troop of teenagers who come to fool around along the lake's edge, leaving wet footprints and empty beer bottles that are fastidiously cleaned up by me the very next day. I can't help but feel a proprietary possession towards the small lake, even though I technically don't own anything more than the plot of land my family's house rests on. After all, it's only ever been the Everdeen's cottage on Lake Vivian and town folk have always treated it as ours. So you can imagine my surprise when one day in late winter, I woke to the sound of construction. There is only a small, two-lane highway, off of which an intrepid driver would have to brave a winding, country road to reach the lake. Car engines are rare. The silence of the woods surrounding the forest is mostly inviolate. Except that morning and every other morning for the next three months, as cranes, bulldozers, and cement trucks made their raucous way toward a place about 500 meters down from my house. Foundation, walls, dock, deck, roof, even a driveway which partially paved the road that led up to the lake - the cabin materialized like a wood and glass merman from the depths of the water. Vegetation was cleared to make space for the shiny, new home, such a contrast to the unassuming, worn exterior of the house where I was raised. They now faced each other across the lake that I once claimed entirely as my own. The new building taunted me, just as the construction had angered me, an offensive wart on the environment. And when the moving truck arrived, my dislike became intransigent. I resented my new neighbors for the simple act of existing, though I hadn't exchanged a word with them. I could never resign myself to the claiming and defacing of my lake. So I made the decision to ignore them completely. XXXXX I lived with my mother and my sister. My mother was a sickly women who came down with a disease of the soul after the sudden death of my father. She was not one to swim in the lake, though its presence went a long way towards calming her, or so she said when asked why she sat for hours, staring into its depths. I'm positive it is because it reminds her of her husband, who she lost after too few years together. My sister, on the other hand, had little time for the lake. She was 22, still in college, frenetically busy in that way college students could be and generally got along with people, which meant her social life active to the point of distraction. On my side, people were not something I was not particularly good at. In fact, except for the fact that we both went to the same college, my sister and I were opposites in every way. So the lake held a less sentimental place in her heart than it did in mine. She was not disturbed at all by our neighbors, but rather intrigued and went about town, asking about them. "Not a 'them,'" she said one day, literally bouncing with excitement. "A 'him.'" "You mean, there's only one person living in that house?" I asked. Perhaps if there had been children to enjoy the lake, I might have been more inclined to forgive their presence but a single person - it made it all seem so wasteful, somehow. "Not all year round," Prim quickly added, settling on the old sofa in the screened-in porch, studying the object of our conversation. If I set aside my feelings for a moment, I'd have to acknowledge house was stunning - a glassed-in room facing the water, the majority of the house hidden behind it. It was connected to a wooden deck that led to a dock that spilled directly into the lake. "It's a vacation house. He told Mr. Undersee's secretary that he was planning on spending the summer there. He's some fancy artist who likes to go away from his studio to work when it gets hot in the city." I groaned. "So he'll be bringing all his swanky people out here to party on my lake. Or worse, he might own a speedboat or something obnoxious like that," I complained. I already disliked the man intensely, imagining every kind of decadence and noise pollution. Prim perked up, throwing her arms around my shoulders. "Aww, don't be a cranky butt, Katniss! He might turn out to be a really nice man who just wants a quiet place to work. You might even, heaven forbid, get along with him." She leaned into my ear playfully. "Delly told me he's hot." "Sure," I scowled. "She did! And he's your age…" she let the words fade suggestively. "Did you two get a retinal scan and his blood type too while you were at it?" I groused. How could she be so casual about this invasion? "No, but I bet I could, if you wanted it badly enough," she laughed and jabbed her finger into my midsection until she'd provoked a laugh from me. She was the only person who could get away with that and, secretly, I loved it. I didn't tolerate being touched by people in general but my sister could get away with it. "I think we should spy on him!" Prim said. "I think we should not!" I said. "As long as he doesn't disturb the peace, I'm going to ignore him completely. I'm neither intrigued nor interested in him at all!" And maybe summer would end quickly so he could go back where he came from and leave me to enjoy my lake in peace. XXXXX For the next weeks, I successfully ignored the lone occupant of the house across the lake, taking my long hikes through a path that skirted his house completely. When I sat by the lake in the evening after work, I put my feet up and read, forgetting for large stretches that there was an eyesore sitting on my shore. It was just as it had always been and I was content. But then, something would invade my bubble of calm to remind me of his existence. A car engine coming up the road, followed by the slamming of a door. Perhaps music - nothing obnoxious, if I cared to be honest. Gentle, piano concertos or jaunty pop music during the day, winding its way towards me like the morning mist creeping up from the surface of the water. Most of the time, I was able to forget his presence, sitting in such a way that I could still see the lake but eliminate the view of his house as if it wasn't there. Summer brought warmth to the lake waters, though it was still chilly in it's depths. When I was young, it was all my father could do to keep me from diving head long into those waters the minute the frost evaporated from the ground. I constantly snuck off for a swim before the water got warm enough for it to be safe. I was still the same way, though I was not foolish enough to jump into freezing water anymore. I tested the water, much more prudent than when I was a girl. But as soon as it was warm enough, I couldn't resist its siren's call. So when Saturday morning rolled around, as soon as the sun had burnt off the early morning chill, I dived in, swimming in its clear waters the way I'd always done, with an internal glee that wanted to spill out like a shout into the air. A spring fed this lake, its water always in motion, so that it was clearer than the average mountain lake. I was responsible and swam laps, regulating my free style so that I felt like a dolphin slicing the sea. Then I alternated with the breaststroke. Trudgeon. Backstroke. On and on until it fell apart and I simply raced beneath the surface of the water, swimming purposeless and free until I was tired. I spent an undefined amount of time floating on my back, closing my eyes against the bright sun. My cheeks would be red when I was done but I didn't care. My skin was dark and tanned well. In the worst case, I'd just look like I had a fever. It was when I let my legs drop to the bottom that I saw him, leaning thoughtfully over the wooden banister of his deck. I could not see every detail of him - I was too far out and my eyelashes dripped with water. But I did observe that his hair was a blond color that was slightly darker than gold, the sun glinting off of it like the reflection of burnished metal. He was of medium height, possessing a strong, sturdy build. I could not be sure how long he stood there but I stared back at him, perhaps several beats too long. His wave broke my stupor and more out of habit than any desire to be friendly, I waved back before I dipping quickly under the water, swimming toward my escape. My head broke the surface again as I neared the shore, where I waded out to get my towel and wrap it quickly around me. When I turned around again, he was gone. XXXXX "You should come out tonight. Everyone's going to be there," Johanna said as we left the building. Besides being one of my closest friends, we also worked together, her office just three doors down from mine. She was a good compromise between my character and Prim's - she could be stand-offish and more hostile than me but she also liked to party, even harder than my sister, and tolerated people better than I did. But she also grew up in the woods and was a willing hiking partner when she could get up early enough to make it. "Tonight?" I asked. "Of course! Didn't Prim tell you? It's Madge's birthday and we are going to meet up at Haymitch's to celebrate." Prim might have mentioned it but when it came to socializing, I usually tuned her out. However, Madge was my friend too and I couldn't just not show up. "Yeah, sure. Tonight. 8 o'clock. I think I remember something about it now," I answered vaguely. Johanna chuckled, her pixie-like face buried in a boyish bob that would have made her look tart but for the fierce dark eyes and equally intimidating disposition. "You are so brainless sometimes. Don't make me have to drag you out of the woods." "No, no, I'll be there," I answer, saying goodbye as I crossed the street to reach my car. However, with this change of plans came also the complication of buying a gift for Madge and that was no small feat. I ransacked my brain, thinking of what I'd already bought her in the past, so as not to repeat a gift. A solution came to me as I caught sight of the small art boutique run by Effie Trinket, a woman of independent means and eccentric tastes. Madge was a bric-a-brac kind of girl and would probably not see another addition to her crystal or ceramic collection as too much.