Day 3: An Everlark Drabble Little Christmas Bun Written for que-sera-sera88 for the F-Yeah Everlark's Secret Santa 2014 Fic Exchange and Yuletide in Panem. Set in the Good Again/Sealed With Salt Water universe. "Help me with this, will you?" Johanna snapped as she attempted to string the lights around the large Christmas tree, leaning precariously on the ladder. "I told you…" Haymitch responded impatiently as he sat in the armchair, watching Johanna struggle without making a move to assist. "If you had hooked the lights on the tree and walked the rope around, you'd already be finished stringing the lights." "It's not going to hang right if I do it that way!" she huffed. "You just want an excuse to sit on your ass while I work. " Their bickering continued back and forth until Johanna's wife, Zarah, appeared under the tree and captured the end that was frustrating Jo so much. With a slow, languid drawl typical of the citizens of District 11, she admonished Jo. "Now, you stop your huffin' at Haymitch," she shook her head at him in mock disapproval and then turned to Jo. "You should have called the minute you were struggling. I've told you that time and again…" The beautiful, curly-haired, dark-skinned woman fussed at Jo in the way that people who'd been together for a long time had of fussing at each other. Katniss watched her friends' banter and realized it was not unlike the unconscious scripts she and Peeta enacted when they were together, born of a deep knowledge between people who'd spent many years loving each other. And just like between Katniss and Peeta, there were harsh moments mixed into Johanna and Zarah's relationship that only time and persistence had softened enough to bring them to this point of complicity. "You wouldn't be acting like that if Rowena was here," huffed Johanna angrily at Haymitch, clearly not ready to let her irritation go. "Rowena is not the boss of me," he said irritably, but unconvincingly. "Yeah, sure! That doctor's got you in your place, isn't that right, you old grouch?" Zarah teased, to which Haymitch scowled, though he couldn't repress the smirk that soon followed. Zarah was tough, like Johanna, but far less damaged than her wife, who had endured not only the Games and the special hell of being a Victor, but also torture at the hands of the Capitol during the Revolution. Zarah had had her work cut out for her when she decided to unite her life to Johanna's. It gave Katniss a great deal of satisfaction to see Haymitch squirm - much as he wanted to deny it, Dr. Aguilar had been responsible for the fact that he was still alive and sober today. He could act as smug as he liked, but Rowena was the boss of him, and he didn't seem too much worse for that fact. It also made for great ribbing when he was alone without her. "Where is Rowena, by the way?" Katniss asked. "Emergency call to the Community House. She'll be down in a bit." he grumbled, still eyeing both Johanna and Zarah with irritation. Meanwhile, Effie and her husband, Oakley, the former Mayor of District 12, now one of the four District Consuls that represented District 12 before the House of Representatives in the Capitol, worked diligently on setting the table. This, of course, was not without disagreement, as Effie's idea of arranging the items was significantly more formal than perhaps the occasion called for. "Effie, there is no need to set out the extra silverware," Oakley said patiently. "I don't think this is a formal dinner." "Yes, but decorum dictates that all the silverware be placed appropriately," Effie said breathlessly. "Otherwise…" "Otherwise, what, love?" he said in a perfectly reasonable voice. "Will lightning strike us down? Katniss, have you told Effie that you will toss us out if we do not place the soup bowls precisely above the dinner fork?" Oakley teased her, his blue eyes twinkling down on Effie with humor. In all the years they'd been together, Katniss had never seen Oakley lose his patience with Effie, even when, every now and then, her perfectionist Capitol-elite alter-ego made its appearance. "I don't know, Effie," Katniss teased. "I might have to ask you to go directly out into the snow if you don't place the butter knives just so." Effie gave a chagrined smile, collecting the small bowels and butter spreaders and replacing them in the credenza. "I've done it again, haven't I?" she asked sheepishly. But Oakley, who looked at Effie as if she breathed stardust, collected the remaining utensils and set them in their place before capturing her small hand and raising it to his lips. "You want everything to be just right. There's nothing wrong with that." Katniss slipped away, sensing that her presence was no longer required and returned to the kitchen to stand before the giant baking oven, hugging herself to still her nerves. She surveyed the dishes in various stages of preparation as everyone waited for Peeta to come home from the bakery with Thom and Delly. Katniss was more anxious than usual that this dinner be as perfect as possible. Just as Katniss was reaching out to test the dough for the dinner buns, the back door opened, and in came Tristan, Annie and Finnick's now 16 year old boy, carrying bags of goods from the market. "Can I put these here, Aunt Katniss?" he asked politely, to which she could not help but smile at him. "Of course. Leave the bags here, and I'll sort everything out." He set the packages on the counter, his shaggy auburn hair, now damp with melted snow, was the exact shade as that of his late father, Finnick. He turned quickly to hold the door open for his mother, gallantly relieving her of her own packages. Annie was the same even after all these years - a fragile, pale-skinned beauty with a dusting of light brown freckles across her tiny nose and luxurious dark hair. She'd never remarried after Finnick's death and even though she'd done a phenomenal job raising a sensitive, caring boy, she had never completely lost those moments of distraction in which she forgot exactly who or where she was. "The snow's coming down pretty hard," she said breathlessly, dusting herself off on the mat before entering the house completely as Katniss hurried to help her remove her coat. "I made hot chocolate. It's in the pot on the small burner," Katniss said as she hung their coats to dry on the coat hooks. Every few years, they got a fierce winter, full of snowstorms and bitter cold, and this year was proving to be one of those winters. "That sounds lovely. Thank you, Katniss. Tristan, would you like a cup of chocolate?" she turned to her very tall son, who was all Finnick except for the light skin and a certain softening of his father's rugged features. "Sure! I'll get it!" he said excitedly, bounding across the kitchen to fetch the mugs from the cabinet. "Why don't you take a mug upstairs to Wesley. He's been waiting for you to come home," suggested Katniss. Wesley Greenfield was Oakley's son with his first wife, who had died tragically in the firebombing of District 12. He'd often babysat Tristan when he visited from District 4. Despite the age difference, Wesley had never lost his fondness for Finnick Odair's young son. Katniss watched the boy as he poured the chocolate and walked as quickly as he could to meet his friend. She reflected on the first time she saw Tristan's picture, almost 15 years ago when she'd first conceived of the book of Memories to honor all the lost souls of the Hunger Games and the Revolution. He'd been a tiny bundle in his mother's arms and the only thing Katniss could feel was dread for the child because she did not have faith in the world he would soon be a part of. And yet here he was - fully grown, without major traumas, raised in the safety and security of a sane world. As if in response to her thoughts, her stomach gave a quick flutter of excitement, which she tried to quell by rubbing the palm of her hand across it. "Annie, he's so beautiful," Katniss said with real feeling when Tristan had left the kitchen. "Oh, I"ve been very lucky," Annie responded. "I have your mother to thank for that." Despite her initial terror on behalf of the little boy, Katniss found herself happy for Annie, for the little piece of Finnick she was able to hold onto, though she was as damaged as everyone from the Games and the War. Luckily for her, Mrs. Everdeen had moved to District 4 after the Revolution and helped Annie with Tristan. Katniss no longer resented the fact that her mother had opted to live with Annie instead of coming to District 12 after the war to care for her broken daughter, even though at the time, Katniss had felt as though her mother had died as well. Those had been dark days for her because of the powerful rejection she had felt at having been abandoned yet again by her mother. "Katniss," Mrs. Everdeen called, interrupting Katniss' very thoughts of her, drawing her attention. She gazed upon the blonde, blue-eyed woman, who Prim had resembled so much, in careful study. She could no longer find it in her heart to be angry with her mother, not after so many years of therapy for both of them. The fact of it was she could no longer find anger in her heart, period. There was sadness in abundance - there would never not be. Katniss still had spells where getting out of bed was very difficult, though those bouts of depression were becoming fewer and farther between as time settled between the space of where she was now and the horrible events that had scarred everyone around her. Still, when Katniss searched her heart, she found very little of the fire of anger and vengeance that had fueled her for so long. "You look distracted," observed Mrs. Everdeen. She gave Annie a brief hug of greeting before casting a conspiratorial look in Katniss' direction. "You shouldn't worry. Peeta's going to be over the moon" she said as she checked the pots warming on the stove and the rising dough near the oven. Katniss nodded. "I know. It's just...Well, was it like this with dad also? Always feeling so scared?" Mrs. Everdeen paused in her work to glance over at Annie but saw she had lapsed into one of her dreamy states and was not aware of their conversation. "Those were different times, and we didn't go through what you and Peeta went through. But there's always fear that something bad will happen. It's as old as life." Mrs. Everdeen approached Katniss, whose face had gone pale. "But we managed, at least until your father died. And bad things do happen. Didn't you get reaped? And Prim..." Mrs. Everdeen's voice failed her as Katniss' eyes went wide, reminded again that her mother had not been dealt an easy hand either. Straightening herself against the blow of remembering her youngest daughter, Mrs. Everdeen continued, "But things keep moving and look, here you are! Peeta doesn't know what's waiting for him. I just want to see his face when you tell him. He's been so good for you," she said, her eyes bright with expectation. Katniss couldn't agree more. Fifteen years with Peeta had cured her of so much. They had had such bleak days in the beginning - days where they couldn't even look at each other because the pain was so acute. However, through his example, Peeta had taught her that things could get better, that there was more good than evil in the world. His care of her taught her that others could