Katniss and Peeta have been broken up for two years and she's gone out of her way not to see him again. A chance encounter one week before his wedding has drastic consequences for everyone. Trigger Warning: Infidelity; Inspired by catchy, campy and somewhat repetitive pop dance song (hey, it's not Shakespeare, okay?). The One Who Takes You Home So one last time I need to be the one who takes you home One more time I promise, after that I'll let you go Baby, I don't care if you got her in your heart All I really care is you wake up in my arms One last time I need to be, the one, who takes you home -from One Last Time by Ariana Grande Present "You've been locked up in this house all week! You need to get up or we're going to be late!" nagged Prim as she burst into Katniss' bedroom, opening the curtains to lighten the room and disperse the shroud of darkness. "Leave me alone," Katniss whined into her pillow, trying to escape the sunlight. She heard Prim huff in exasperation. "No, I'm not leaving you alone. You are going to get dressed like a normal human being and you are going to let me do your hair and makeup so you don't look like a raccoon at the wedding." "I'm not going," Katniss muttered, yelping loudly when Prim pulled the comforters off of her. Her sister crouched down and glared at her. "Yes, you are! You RSVP'd and everything! What's the matter with you?" Prim said, sitting down on the mattress next to her sister's stubbornly reclined form. "You didn't seem to be thinking about Peeta during the entire two years since you two broke up and now, when he's right about to get married, you act like this? I thought you were happy for him?" Katniss felt the vomit rise in her throat at Prim's words. She had thought she was happy for him, too. When she'd heard the news that Peeta and Delly were engaged to be married, she'd tried to be overjoyed for them. He and Delly were one of those golden couples who would have a fabulous, romantic wedding, buy a golden house, have lots of golden kids, and live a life everyone would be jealous of. It was only fair that she be positive about the situation, seeing as she could never have made Peeta as happy as she knew Delly would. "Overjoyed," Katniss mumbled, rubbing her eyes as she sat up in the bed. Prim narrowed her eyes, studying Katniss carefully. "You know, it's normal for you to feel a little strange about him getting married. You were best friends, and then boyfriend and girlfriend for a long time." "Yeah," Katniss said, clearing her throat, which was raspy from sleep. "Just a little strange, right?" She hoped that would be enough for Prim to give her a break and began turning back over, but Prim stood up, suddenly impatient. "You know what? I'm not even sorry for you. You had him eating out of your hand for years and then, when he broke up with you, you didn't even try to get him back…" "I didn't want him back," Katniss countered, swinging her legs over the edge of the bed, fumbling for her slippers. Prim snorted. "Yes, you did! You didn't speak to anyone for a month when it ended and you're actually going to try to sit there and tell me that you weren't even a little upset about it? Come on, Katniss. I'm not that dumb, and you aren't that good at keeping secrets." Katniss blinked as her sister actually stamped her foot on the floor like a child. "But no, god forbid you'd actually admit to being heartbroken over the fact that you had broken up with your first and only boyfriend. No, you never talk about your feelings. Hell, sometimes I think you don't even have any feelings!" Katniss winced again, her sister's proclamation like a knife to her heart. How she wished that were true. "Why do you care so much?" she said tiredly, pulling a robe over her pajama shorts and t-shirt. "There's been so much more of me to enjoy now since I gave up dating." As quickly as Prim's anger had come, it dissipated, her expression melting into one of sadness and pity. "You're my sister, that's why I care," she said gently. "And I don't want to stare at that miserable mug of a face for the whole day!" Prim added, following Katniss to the tiny bathroom of their three-bedroom apartment. "If I stay home, you won't have to," Katniss answered as she shut the door on Prim. "There are seven million people invited to this wedding, and I'm not going alone!" At Katniss' silence, she became shrill with anger again. "You are coming with me and that's it!" she said with a final slam of her fist against the bathroom door before Katniss heard her stomp down the hallway. "Brat," she muttered under her breath. But her sister did have a point. Katniss had had months to turn down the wedding invitation. Any excuse would have been sufficient, and no one would have questioned her. But she had been so sure of her feelings, so absolutely positive that she would be able to sit through the ceremony and wish her former friend and lover the best of luck in a new life that did not include her, that she'd accepted the invitation. It was the least she could do, since she was convinced that she would never have been able to give him the kind of life he deserved. For one, Delly was beautiful. She was a slender but curvy blonde who took impeccable care of herself. She was also from a rich, intact family, not like Katniss, who only had one semi-functional parent since the death of her father and had stopped living paycheck to paycheck only when she'd finally graduated college and landed a decent job at the Department of Forestry. No, Delly had had an idyllic upbringing, by parents who had managed to love her unconditionally without spoiling her. In fact, Delly's perfection would have been completely unbearable if it weren't for the fact that she was also just a really good person. In all the years she'd known her, Katniss couldn't recall one time she'd seen Delly wear a scowl, a look that was all but synonymous with Katniss. Delly always saw the bright side of things and in consequence, she drew people and affection to her like birds to a flower. Katniss was her opposite in every possible way - taciturn, diffident at times, while somehow managing to be intimidating at others. How Peeta could have ever thought that he'd been in love with her was a complete mystery. All of this played into her commitment to be as happy as possible about the union of two of her oldest friends, a coupling that, from the outside, was a match made in heaven. It didn't matter that Peeta had been her first everything - first friend, first dance, first kiss, first lover. It didn't matter that, for a brief, insane period, she had almost imagined herself in Delly's place, dressed in white and binding her life to Peeta's. It didn't matter that all her secret dreams had been with him. She didn't deserve him. She had never deserved him. And it was only right that he found someone who did. There had only been one small complication though. Prim didn't know about Saturday. How could she? She wasn't there and Katniss hadn't said a word to her about it, even going so far as pretending, in her own mind, that it hadn't happened. When he'd left her house the next day, she'd jumped in the shower, determined to wash the smell, the taste, and the memory of Peeta off of her skin. But facing her day-to-day life, outside of the obligations of going to work and driving Prim back and forth to classes, had become close to impossible after that fateful night. She'd come right home each day afterwards and locked herself in her room, hoping that she'd find relief in the blissful oblivion of sleep. But that night haunted her, even in her sleep, ensuring that, even to the bitter end, Peeta Mellark would leave his unforgettable mark on her: 1 week earlier She should have grown out of Abernathy's Place by now. It had been a three years since she graduated from college. Surely, there were haunts in Panem that were more appropriate to a young woman in her late twenties, places less divey than the pub run by the alcoholic, Haymitch Abernathy, who was well-known to every student who'd ever studied at Panem University in the last twenty-five years. But Katniss came here anyway, not only because it was close to home but mostly because it reminded her of a time in her life in which she had almost been...happy. She dropped her bag on the countertop, checking that it was clean, before leaning heavily against it. Haymitch rose from his perpetual perch on a rickety stool at the end of the bar, loping slowly towards her with an icy mug in hand. " The usual?" he drawled. " Yeah. Thanks," she said moodily. Haymitch clapped the mug under the beer tap, deftly filling it and leaving off the excess foam. "One Miller Draft." Katniss took a long draught of the cool beer, the carbonation prickling on her tongue. She usually didn't nurse her cold drinks very long - she hated the taste of beer at room temperature. " You're never a ball of laughs but tonight, you're in a fouler mood than usual," Haymitch quipped, pouring vodka into a shot glass and tossing it back. She scowled as if in confirmation, causing him to laugh at the irony. "Hey, you're not the only foul goose tonight. One of your friends has been here for about an hour, staring at a coaster." " Haymitch, I'm really not in the mood for company," she groused, wishing she had a coaster of her own to get intimate with. " Well, I don't know. Your boy is here. Or...your...used to be boy...ex...bah! You know what I mean. The one who used to be your boy," Haymitch drawled out, his eyes bright with some kind of knowledge that Katniss didn't understand. He flicked his head in the direction of one of the booths. Katniss' breath got stuck in her lungs when Peeta looked up at exactly the same time she glanced over at him. Her instant reaction, to slink out of the place unseen and run all the way home, was thwarted by his having seen her. A wave of shock washed over his face too, followed by a flush of color to his cheeks, a look that never failed to disarm her. " Dammit, he's seen me already," she muttered under her breath, but loud enough for Haymitch to hear her. He laughed, and Katniss glared at him. " Now don't go looking like you want to stab me, sweetheart," he said almost gleefully. "You might as well just head over and say hello. I'll bring your refill to his table." Now it was her turn for her face to flush, then become pale at the thought of talking to Peeta after avoiding him for so long. However, it would have been unbelievably rude, she knew, especially when he'd just waved politely, to simply turn around and walk out the door. " Okay, just one beer. Oh, and spot him one on my tab too. Might as well celebrate the impending nuptials," she spat, sounding bitter even to her own ears. " Oh, the sincerity," Haymitch chuckled wryly as he pulled a tray out. "I'll have those drinks over to you in a minute." Katniss stood up, smoothing down her clothes self-consciously