Good Again Outtake – The Star to My Wandering Ship (Peeta's POV) Written for the AO3 Holiday Fic Exchange Summary: The prompt is Sonnet 116 by William Shakespeare. 'Let me not to the marriage of true minds / admit impediments…" Peeta's worst fears are realized when he hurts Katniss during a flashback. Can he come to terms with his traumas, his guilt and what it means to be a danger to the person he loves the most? Post-Mockingjay. Image courtesy of artgyrl on deviantart dot com SONNET 116 Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments. Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove: O no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark, Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken. Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle's compass come: Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom. If this be error and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no man ever loved. W. Shakespeare Good Again Outtake – The Star to My Wandering Ship (Peeta's POV) I watched as she surreptitiously glanced at her bruise in the hallway mirror. The swelling had gone down and taken on a bluish-grey tint that reminded me of the color of playing marbles with which a child might play. The bruise would fade eventually but not the bitter memory of how it came to be. My mind pulled me to another place, an ascetic dungeon filled with the weird cries of suffering that even now I could not always shut out from my ears. I'm intimately acquainted with bruises; bear a strange relationship with blood and breaking skin. Pain and I were intimates, greeting each other in the most obscure places, like unwilling friends who are forced into false politeness. But I did not want to renew its acquaintance here, on Katniss' skin. It is unbearable wherever it chooses to reveal itself but certainly, not on the alternately smooth and puckered surfaces of her body. Worse - that I had been the one to invite the pain to stay, been responsible for hurting her roiled my deepest self-loathing. It was all I could do to not run as far away as I could get from the evidence of my brutality. Katniss insisted that I couldn't be held responsible for hurting her. She absolved me, as she always did. "You didn't hurt me! It was the flashback! I was stupid – I should have left you alone…" I tried to leave her for her own good – was already packed and ready to move into the flat above the bakery - but there was no way I could get past the immense hurdle of her heartbreak to leave our house. She'd literally fallen to pieces and I had to add this to the list of ways that I'd hurt her. And anyway, I'm a selfish beast in the end. I'm not equipped to be without her. Not anymore. When I brought her in from the cold the morning after the flashback, the day after I'd hurt her, neither of us were in any condition to speak. We were almost frostbitten from having sat under-dressed on the freezing ground and numb from too much agony. Katniss curled herself up in a ball on the sofa, shivering from cold and fear and I hated myself even more. She'd just come out of a depressive episode and now I'd gone and pushed her back down again, forcing her into a state of such desperation she'd had no choice but to seek out Haymitch's help in the middle of the night. I pulled a blanket from the closet and wrapped her in it then stoked the flames of the fireplace, carrying a brick of lead guilt in my stomach which weighed down my every movement. I mechanically warmed hot milk and honey in the kitchen and brought two mugs back, placing one of them next to her on the table. She stared blankly into the flames of the hearth, her haggard eyes glassy and lost. I warred with myself – how could I comfort her when I was the reason for her condition? And yet, how could I resist her? I lowered my head down to hers and pressed my forehead into her temple, now warm and soothing from the heat of the fireplace. With an agile abruptness, she twined both arms around my neck and pulled me down towards her, her face buried in the crook of my neck. I wasn't worthy of touching her. But my arms had a will of their own and they were soon around her, betraying me. "I'm so sorry for hurting you." I moaned into her hair. "Don't do that again." She hissed fiercely into my ear. Misunderstanding her, perhaps deliberately, I responded dejectedly, "I can't promise I won't hurt you." This made me miserable, because I'd already proven, without any doubts, that she was not safe with me. "That's not what I meant. Don't apologize for what you can't control. Don't ever pack your things and try to leave like that again." A tremor overtook her small frame and I squeezed her tighter to me. "Katniss…" I began my plea. "No, Peeta." Her voice still shook but she was gathering strength and I knew I was in for a battle. "It doesn't work like that. You don't just up and try to leave when things get bad. That's not what you do." She sat up from reclined position, her hands falling away from my neck. "This is not just things getting bad! I hurt you!" I exclaimed, getting up suddenly to pace. "Peeta, come back here." she said. "No, Katniss. How can I live with the fear? I'm so afraid I'll lose it and then, I'll come back to find you hurt or worse…" I trailed off, not able to even articulate the miserable alternative. "I can't ask you to live like that." "That's not your decision to make." Katniss said, her eyes now flashing in anger. "You have no idea how bad I can get. You haven't seen the worst and staying around me just puts you at risk." "So you are going to decide for me whether I want to put myself at 'risk?' Yo u ar e going to decide this for me ?" she repeated. "Are you channeling Haymitch now?" She was on her feet now. "I'm not trying to take away your free will or your agency…" her face darkened at this "…but you aren't thinking about your own well-being. I almost killed you in District 13, do you remember that?" "How could I forget, Peeta? I was there! But you are not going to make decisions for me about what I want to do, what risks I can take or what I am willing to put up with. We've done that enough. Right? Didn't you say that we shouldn't lie to each other or obscure things just to protect each other?" I sighed heavily at this. "It's not just you, Katniss. Maybe I don't want to live that way." I said wearily. Katniss looked at me with a pained expression. "So what are you trying to say? You want to leave for your own sake? Is it that hard to get through each day with me?" I put my hands up, trying to ward off her attack and explain myself, watching everything spiral out of control. "Say the things like they really are! If you don't want to be with me, then just go! Don't use my safety as an excuse." her pain had turned to fury. "On second thought, this is your house! I'll just go!" She stomped angrily towards the door. "Katniss, you're misunderstanding me completely." I couldn't believe the direction in which things were going. I reached out for her arm and caught it as she made for the door. "Just listen, will you?" She tried to pull away but I didn't release her. "You just said that we can't just up and leave when things get bad! I'm not going anywhere and neither are you." She stopped struggling and looked up, her eyes still on fire but softening. "We'll figure something out but the only thing I know is I can't...I can't be without you." Her eyes narrowed, considering me for a moment. "Please, let's not fight." I begged when suddenly her arms were around me as she gripped me to her. I hadn't lied, I couldn't be without her but I was hard-pressed to figure out a way to stay without being a constant danger to her. XXXXX That night, I lay next to her, waiting for her to fall asleep. I couldn't rest my mind, the fear that I would somehow slip unconsciously into a flashback and hurt her kept my drooping eyes from closing completely. When I couldn't take it anymore, I slipped quietly out of bed and dragged myself to the guest room. It was cold and unused, the bed without the minimal indentation, like a slab of stone without Katniss. As I adjusted myself under the rigid, cold sheets, I felt myself drifting into an exhausted sleep. Maybe this was the compromise I was looking for – I couldn't hurt her if I wasn't close to her. My body longed for sleep, as I had to wake soon to work in the bakery but no sooner had sleep overtaken me but it was penetrated by the sharp lash of her screams. I hurtled from the bed to our bedroom to see her arms flailing around her in desperation. "Peeta!" She howled, a wail that reminded me of those dark moments in the disintegrating arena at the end of the Quarter Quell, when we had searched helplessly for one another. "Hey, I'm here. It's okay." I caught her arms and sat next to her, holding her to me. She hiccupped through her tears as she tried to speak. "It was…burning…and you weren't here…" she sobbed into my chest. "It's okay. I'm here now." I murmured into her hair. "But you weren't. You were gone." She responded despondently. "You're right. I'm so sorry. I just couldn't sleep." I lied. Katniss trembled in my arms as I stroked her hair, smoothing out her knots and fears until she'd sunk back down to sleep. I looked down at her still bruised cheek, her hair still clammy from her nightmare and clinging to the swelling and I felt the vomit come up in my throat. I couldn't handle the sight of it and untangled myself from her to return to the frigidness of the lonely bed. XXXXX The following nights were more of the same. I waited until Katniss fell asleep, then slipped as quietly as my plodding leg would allow into the guest bedroom, fixated on the false hope that the doors and walls of that room would keep Katniss safe from me. I rose early in the morning to go to the bakery and returned to my normal routine in the evening. However, as the days passed, Katniss became more and more distant. She seemed to have five nightmares a night, which meant I went to comfort her that many times. It wasn't until a week had passed and Katniss stood slouched over the stew she was cooking that I realized how dark the circles under her eyes had become. We both began to take on the aspect of two people who were being sucked dry from the inside. I couldn't ignore the look of longing Katniss gave me as she settled herself into my arms that night, her hands running over my chest. She was never much for talking and especially with regards to matters of the heart. But she was trying to