Written for Prompts in Panem's The Language of Flowers Writing Challenge. This fic will contain seven chapters, one for each day of the challenge. A million thanks to SolaVioletta for beta-ing and Plumgal1899 for prereading this fic. You ladies have been indispensible! Day 1: Primrose (Childhood) For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love - Carl Sagan He was five years old when he first saw her. Only one of two things can be said about children that age - either the powerful feelings inspired by an instantaneous and soul-filling affinity cannot endure in the form that adults understand as love; or the grip of powerful emotion children feel when confronted with the possibility of another soul as pure and uncorrupted as their own remains unparalleled by any other affection that they might ever experience later in their lives. Peeta Mellark, third son of Aidan and Sybil Mellark, did not have the language or maturity to explore this mystery. All he knew was that when the tiny, pretty girl in green and red plaid stretched her hand into the air to volunteer to sing the Valley Song, he would henceforth never experience a day in which the vision of her did not make its way across his heart. When she stood proudly on her chair and turned to the crowd of children in their Kindergarten class, he became mesmerized by the clear, almond-shaped grey eyes that were the same radiant color as the special giant marble he had hidden in his collection box away from his brothers. Her raven-black hair was held back by a braid and her olive skin captured his attention for its rarity amongst the other children. But it was her voice that ruined him for all other voices. Already at five years old, she possessed the layered, sultry timbre of a songstress, the sound that poured out from her pink lips never once breaking or cracking, and the children, sensitive in a profoundly primitive way to the presence of true beauty, were held in rapt silence before the little girl's song. When she'd finished singing, her eyes casually fell on the baker's boy with the wavy blond curls and deep blue eyes. The pulse of energies that unite electrons to their atoms sparked between them, and tiny Katniss Everdeen, doted on by her mother and father and favored by fate to love a sister more than herself, sensed the unbreakable union between herself and the young boy's soul without articulation or true understanding. While the small audience roused themselves from the grip of awe that her song had induced, she clambered down from her wooden chair and wandered to the bench where the little blond boy sat. Without invitation, she perched herself beside him, making the seat her own. Katniss offered him her hand as her father had taught her. "I'm Katniss. We should be friends." she said. Peeta nodded at first, his small heart racing to escape his chest before mustering the nerve to take her proffered hand and respond nervously "Okay...I'm Peeta." From that moment forward, they were never voluntarily separated from each other again. XXXXX "What happened to your face?" asked Katniss the first time she saw Peeta's bruises after they'd been friends for six months. It would happen frequently thereafter but it wasn't until Katniss was older that she understood where his bruises came from and how to become enraged by them. "I...I, um, fell down." He stammered as he dropped his head in shame, unable to meet her gaze. "Oh, okay." she said, somewhat confused. After a pause, she asked excitedly "Wanna see what Dad built me?" "Sure." he said, a smile crossing his battered features. They got up from the steps of her small house. Her parents had moved to this neighborhood many years ago because it was the best they could afford. It was a stroke of luck for Katniss' father, a foreman at Snow's Construction, because not two years after they'd bought the little fixer-upper, the neighborhood became a magnet for wealthier investors after the light rail was built to connect the suburban neighborhoods to the business district in downtown Panem. Soon, houses were either being bought and remodeled or demolished to make way for expensive townhouses that sprung up around them like colorful mushrooms. This meant Katniss' parents found themselves sitting on a house worth four times more than the tiny mortgage they owed on it. While Mrs. Everdeen argued for selling the house and getting something nicer, Mr. Everdeen was adamant that they stay, especially when Katniss was born. "She'll go to the best school in the district and know quality people, like the doctor next door or the baker's family three houses down. We can sell it when she goes to college." When Prim came along thereafter, there was no further argument about where they would raise the girls. All of this was beyond Katniss and Peeta as they made their way to the backyard where Katniss' father was putting the finishing touches on the tree house. "Wow!" exclaimed Peeta, forgetting the bruise on his cheek altogether. The dark green tree house was suspended on a series of sturdy elm branches about six feet from the ground. It was further supported by four posts that descended to the ground surrounded by a bed of mulch, an innovation Mrs. Everdeen insisted upon in case any of the children fell. Katniss wasted no time scampering up the ladder to a small balcony in front of a door that read "Keep Out." "Hello, Peeta." greeted Mr. Everdeen cheerfully. "Hello, sir." he responded. Peeta was infallibly shy, even though he'd become a regular fixture in their home. Mr. Everdeen put his finger under Peeta's chin and lifted his head to look at him. "That's a nasty shiner you've got there." At this moment, Mrs. Everdeen came out of the house, giving both of them a look full of meaning. Peeta turned his head away slowly. "It's nothing. I just fell down." Katniss' father bored into him with a gentle but penetrating gaze. "You know, Peet, if you ever want to talk to somebody, I'm here, okay?" Peeta opened his mouth to answer, but was interrupted by Katniss shouting from the top of the ladder. "Can we go inside, daddy?" "Yes, pumpkin. All of the paint's dry." said Mr. Everdeen, releasing Peeta to join Katniss as he put an arm around Mrs. Everdeen's shoulder and watched them from below. When Katniss opened the door, she virtually squealed with delight, her braid bobbing about in her excitement. On the floor was a piece of industrial carpeting surrounded by oversized pillows covered in heavy, outdoor fabric. Above the pillows was a small, built-in corner bookshelf with a handful of used books, a teacup set and second-hand stuffed animals that her parents had managed to pick up at the local Salvation Army. But the most wonderful thing was the skylight in the ceiling - a large square that allowed the brilliant light of the afternoon sun to pour in. Peeta stared at it with a kind of reverence and had a fleeting image of stars pinned to the night sky bursting through the open square. Katniss bounced to the window and looked out at her parents. "It's full of toys and books in here! This is better than Christmas!" She turned to Peeta, whose wide eyes were now taking in the little house. "I bet you could camp out here if you wanted to!" he exclaimed, desperately wishing that his father would build him a tree house but he could already hear the stern voice of her mother turning down the idea because it would ruin her perfectly groomed backyard. "Now, you have to share it with your sister when she gets big enough, okay, Kat?" called out her mother from below. "Okay, Mamma!" she said as she tugged Peeta down onto the carpet with her, her small hand gripping his larger, slightly pudgier one. "Come on, Peeta. This can be your house, too. Every house has to have a mommy and a daddy." she laughed. "Let's play school! I'll be the teacher." "You're always the teacher!" pouted Peeta, making the bruise on his face flush darkly. "Don't be a baby! We can both be teachers and these" she pointed at the stuffed animals, "can be our students. Would you like that?" Katniss peered at him, waiting for his pout to disappear and smiling winningly when he brightened and nodded in approval. As the time passed, they filled their tree house with other toys and memories - all the comforts that would barricade against the travails of the world. XXXXX No sooner had Katniss forgotten about Peeta's bruised face but he appeared in their tree house on a subsequent Saturday with a fresh injury. This time, she studied the ugly purple circle on his arm as if he had sprouted a new breed of insect. "Peeta, why are you always bruised?" He shrugged. "I fall down a lot." he said, his eyes focusing on her finger circling carefully around the welt. She shook her head. "No you don't! Daddy says somebody hits you. He says it's not right for people to hit kids like that. Who's hitting you, Peeta?" Peeta looked up at her with the saddest eyes she'd ever seen. "I get hit because I'm bad. Mom says I'm bad so I have to be punished." He grabbed the giant grey marble that he'd brought from home and twirled it on the wooden floor. "You're not bad! Your mom is bad and she's a liar!" Katniss virtually shouted, her indignation inexplicable but powerful inside of her. "My mom's not bad! Moms aren't supposed to be bad. I should just be more careful," Peeta said in a small voice, still spinning the marble on the ground. "That's not true at all. You're my favorite person ever and I don't like bad people so you can't be bad at all." Katniss crossed her arms in self-satisfaction, as if her logic were completely incontestable. Peeta smiled shyly. "I brought my lucky marble." he said, holding it up for her scrutiny. Katniss became distracted by the lovely grey ball and just like that, they played their game of marbles but Katniss had not forgotten their conversation and promptly told her father the entire matter because really, no one that she liked as much as she liked Peeta could ever be that bad. XXXX The day her father died was the day her mother ceased to exist. Katniss watched her mother slowly disappear before her eyes. Not physically - she was still present but when President Snow came to their house to inform them personally of Mr. Everdeen's death in a work-related accident, Mrs. Everdeen became hysterical, wailing her grief without care for who witnessed it, then slowly, like a planetary mass caught at the edge of a singularity, collapsed within herself and said nothing more for over one year. The funeral had been arranged by Mr. Everdeen's friend, Haymitch Abernathy, the owner of Abernathy's Coffee and Tea Emporium, a building built by Mr. Everdeen himself. Katniss knew him from the trips she took with her father into town. He always stopped off at Abernathy's for a double shot of espresso and bought Katniss an apple juice. The two men chatted amiably while Katniss wandered the aisles, studying the elaborate containers containing fresh tea leaves on one end and exotic tins of coffee beans on the other. Haymitch, who always smelled a little funny and sometimes swayed on his feet, nevertheless greeted Katniss with a "Hello, sweetheart" and sent her on her way with a box of herbal tea. Once the visit to Abernathy's was complete, they walked the two blocks to Mellark's Family Bakery, where Mr. Mellark served Katniss her favorite - fresh, warm cheese buns straight from the oven. Sometimes Peeta's older brothers, Rye and Bannick were there, helping their