For the Love of the Game Peeta Mellark bet on Panem United - and Katniss Everdeen - four years ago and lost. This time around he's betting to win. Written for Write-Me-a-Story Hunger Games Challenge Runner up for Judge's Best Pick "Okay, man, no. You can't put your boots on my couch." Peeta pushed Gale's legs off the arm of his brand new leather sofa. "I'm trying to get comfortable here! When'd you get so fussy?" he groused, kicking off his boots and tossing them into the hallway. Peeta shook his head as he picked up his friend's shoes and put them neatly on the shoe rack. Gale had been a slob ever since they were in elementary school and he wasn't showing signs of changing anytime soon. "I'm just trying to keep the place looking decent before people come to watch the game," Peeta explain in exasperation as he straightened the lazy susan in the center of the coffee table for the twentieth time. "Yeah, before Katniss comes, you mean? You don't give a flying fuck about anyone else," he said as he grabbed the remote and searched through the channels on Peeta's giant flat-screened tv. "What channel is ESPN anyway?" "Same as at your house, dummy," answered Madge as she came in from the kitchen. "Channel 20." She set the dip on the dining room table, next to the sammies and fruit spears. There was also a place for the stuffed potato skins and cheese buns, which Peeta would remove from the oven as soon as everyone arrived. Madge was model beautiful - a tall, slender girl with ringlets of blond hair framing powder-blue eyes in a heart-shaped face. She was in complete physical contrast to Gale, who, in addition to being several inches taller than her, was of an olive complexion, dark hair and eyes that were a clear, penetrating grey color. Sometimes Peeta wondered how she tolerated Gale's primitive ways. But he knew why. He was a handsome guy who, under his rough demeanor, was really madly in love with her. "This is a nice spread, Peet. You outdid yourself this time," she said. "For Katniss," chuckled Gale around a mouthful of Doritos, the crumbs landing on his pants and the rug. "Why are you at him anyway? I think it's sweet he's trying to impress her. Wouldn't hurt you to try a little harder either, stud." Madge straightened Peeta's Panem United team jersey as she went to the refrigerator and grabbed two Coronas, handing one each to Peeta and Gale. "Here, drink this and chill out." "Ah, that's a good wench!" exclaimed Gale as he tried swatting her backside but Madge, who was used to the her boyfriend's touchy ways, slipped easily out of his grasp and stood next to Peeta. "She'll be impressed, you'll see," she said reassuringly. Peeta gave her a half-smile and blushed up to his hairline. This was an old conversation between the three of them - Peeta Mellark's epic crush on Katniss Everdeen, his long-time friend and the one girl whose attention he couldn't catch. Women paid attention to his classic good looks - blond hair and dreamy, deep blue eyes that were rare in their intensity. The only girl he couldn't seem to captivate was the girl he most desired. He'd practically grown up with her but though they'd always hung out with the same group of friends, he'd never gotten the nerve to ask her out on a real date. The truth was, Katniss intimidated him. She was real - a girl with substance who had zero tolerance for bullshit. She'd had a rough life - having to take care of her younger sister when her father died and her mother lost it - and this made her strong and self-reliant in a way other girls he knew were not. They had all been friends forever but only Gale and Madge knew the way he really felt about Katniss. Every time they found themselves in the same social situation with Katniss and Peeta, they both hoped that the time would finally come for the two of them to figure it out. And Peeta almost had his chance - four years ago. But a last minute goal put an end to all that. Gale softened his tone. "I'm just kidding with him. He's nervous as hell." At that moment, the doorbell rang, but before Peeta could get the door, Gale called out, "Come in!" Peeta threw daggers at him with his eyes while Gale chuckled. Peeta wanted to actually open the door for her. One look at his friend told him Gale knew he was messing with Peeta's head. He momentarily toyed with the idea of dropping tabasco sauce in Gale's beer. Luckily, it was Thresh and Rue, carrying bags of beer and chips. "Yeah, there's room in the refrigerator," said Peeta to Thresh's unspoken question. Rue kissed his cheek before kicking off her shoes and dropping down next to Gale to throw her arms around him. "How's my favorite giant?" she laughed before taking the beer Thresh brought for her. Gale clearly adored Rue and didn't mind her mussing up his hair at all. Peeta made to close the door but stopped when he realized that Finnick, Annie and Katniss were just coming up the stairs. He waved at Finnick, trying not to stare too long at Katniss as she spoke easily with Annie. Peeta tried his best to be casual as he greeted everyone but he felt the heat rush to his ears as Katniss, who was normally rather serious, gave him one of her rare, high wattage smiles. If she seemed amazing to him before, she became radiant now - her hair was swept to the side in a long, tidy, dark brown braid, and she wore very little makeup - she didn't need it. She had eyes as striking as Gale's and the same hair but her olive tone was more luminous than his. "I like your shirt," he managed to croak out without stuttering. She looked down at the navy blue Panem United team jersey. "I'm wearing number 10," she said, turning around to show him the name of the team captain, Boggs. "Just like you." She pointed at his shirt. Peeta's face lit up. "I guess we know who we're betting on." At that moment, Finnick walked over and clapped Peeta on the back. "Prepare to lose your cash, mate. This game's in the bag and Panem United is going down. F.C. Capitol is going to send them packing." "Bug off, Finnick," said Katniss. "Peeta and I are going to clean all of you out." She threaded her arm through Peeta's, which made every nerve ending on his skin explode from the contact. Her skin really was as soft as he imagined and it drove him to distraction. "Now, the last time you both said that, you know how the game ended. Penalty goal by France in overtime sent Panem home with a 2-1 loss," Annie said with that precise way she had of dropping a perfect stat in the middle of a conversation. She was a petite redhead with such a sweet look, no one would ever guess what a rabid soccer fan she really was. She was on the inside what Finnick, her fiance, was on the outside - a devilishly witty, clever girl with a lust for laughter and a good time. "That was four years ago. Panem United is a more organized, hardened team with their new coach, Seneca Crane. They also won the Cup of the Americas this year and they have possibly the best goalie in the league. They have a real chance of winning this one," Katniss said. "Don't forget Cato Anderson and Mitchell Bay, who have been brilliant in this tournament," Peeta added. The four of them continued their banter but all the while Katniss didn't let go of Peeta's arm and even pulled him along as she made her way with Annie and Finnick to the snack table. Peeta had been so caught up by the totality of Katniss Everdeen that he forgot about the buns and potato skins warming in the oven. When he saw them on the table, he mouthed "thank you" to Madge, who just winked at him over Katniss' shoulder. Meanwhile, Katniss' beautiful grey eyes grew wide at the sight of the baked treats. "I love cheese buns! Are these from your parent's bakery?" She looked up at Peeta in delight as she popped one in her mouth. "No. I made them. I remembered you liked them," he said before he could catch himself. With no way to recover his very revealing gaffe, he simply reached over and placed three more on a plate. "Here." He smiled winningly, in the hopes of appearing unfazed. Katniss looked at him with such intensity that he completely lost his train of thought and forgot where he was. At that moment, the official song of the World Cup blared through the home theater speakers, breaking the spell. Peeta's living room was large and he'd dropped a lot of money on his new sectional so everyone sprawled out to watch the national hymns being sung. Peeta hung back, hoping to nonchalantly score a spot next to Katniss but she relieved him of his hesitation by sitting down and patting the spot next to her. "Come on. We have a bet to defend," she quipped, turning to chat with Rue to her left. "I'm going to enjoy taking your money tonight, team Panem," said Finnick, practically rubbing his hands together. His green eyes twinkled with humor as he egged Katniss on. "Don't listen to him, Katniss. He'll be digging quarters out of his sofa to pay us up," Peeta retorted, flicking Finnick off as he said so, which just made Finnick laugh harder. Katniss turned her attention to the kick-off, her hand landing seemingly as an afterthought on Peeta's denim-covered knee, the heat of her hand seeping through the tough fabric. With a feeling of intense excitement, he lay his large hand over hers, which she did not withdraw during the entire game, except to fetch a snack or swear angrily at the tv. XXXXX The whistle blew on the end of the 90 minutes. Tied. 1-1. There would be four minutes of overtime. "Don't let this be a repeat of 2010! I won't be able to deal with it," Katniss said dejectedly. Peeta handed her another beer which she took with a small, grateful smile. "All that smack talk and we're back down to the last minute again." He looked at her meaningfully, wondering if she remembered that night or if he had only dreamed the moment. Katniss glanced at him, then looked back at the screen before answering, "I hope they don't let the moment pass them by this time." She continued to watch the game with fierce concentration but Peeta's heart jumped in his chest. As Brutus sets up the pass, Peeta took her hand and squeezed it. Anderson crossed an impossible kick to Bey, who leapt up in the air, the ball connecting with his head. Everyone in the living room jumped up as the ball skimmed the tips of F.C. Capitol's goalie and flew with decisive vengeance into the corner of the net, giving Panem United the winning goal of the game. It was pandemonium in the stadium and in Peeta's apartment as everyone screamed in amazement. The air was full of the sound of vuvuzelas, whistles and the latin guest commentator drowning all of his Anglo colleagues with a deafening " GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL!" Peeta and Katniss were the loudest, screaming and punching the air as they turned to each other. Then, without realizing how or why, they were in each other's arms, their lips crashing into each others in a kiss that seemed to unravel all the years of pent up longing and frustration into long ribbons of relief. Peeta kissed