My love, I'm under the spell of your legs I'm held in the sway of your thighs This is heaven, my heaven Renegade love. You take me You leave me, you squeeze me, Then you cast me aside You fly to another sky and return like the hummingbirds You have me like a dog at your feet Again, my foolish lips fall onto your honeyed skin Your mouth returns to me, to provoke me I fall again, from your breasts to your feet Shared lips, divided lips My love I can't bear to share your lips any longer I share the deception and share my days and the pain But I can't share your lips any longer -from Shared Lips (Labios Compartidos) by Mana'. Translated by yours truly. It was an old brick warehouse that housed Peeta Mellark's studio - one of at least a dozen on this block alone. This neighborhood had been a busy part of the shipping wharf but, during the economic slump, many businesses closed up shop and left for other parts of Panem and the world, where it was cheaper to move their goods. Real estate developers saw an opportunity during the market upswing and turned the abandoned warehouse neighborhoods into a kind of SoHo, full of artists, writers and those who simply enjoyed the vibrant environment of coffee shops and independently owned bookstores and galleries. On any given day, a discussion of Matisse or David Foster Wallace could be interspersed with a cogent intellectual analysis of the new X-Files trailer. This wasn't exactly Katniss's scene. She worked and lived on the Seam side of town, with its brick and metal factory buildings, grimy streets and mom and pop delis. Katniss worked at her uncle Haymitch's bar and lived in one of the apartments upstairs from it while she figured out what she was going to do about life. She wasn't much for fancy talk or any kind of talk at all, for that matter. She felt most of what people went on about was either painfully obvious or not much worth saying anyway, so why waste the energy? She was a doer, a get-things-done kind of gal and had no time to mentally jerk off to things that did not directly contribute to her survival. On that balmy evening, she took the short walk from the train station to Peeta's warehouse. Stepping up to the familiar entrance, she unlocked the metal door of the building, a human-sized cut-out in the middle of a giant, double warehouse door that one time allowed entry to semi-trucks delivering goods to be unloaded. She made her way up the stairs she knew, tugging down her tiny cut-off jean skirt to keep folks on the lower landings from looking up and seeing her naked ass poking out of the bottom. When she reached the door of his studio, she knocked, her stomach tied up in knots, even though she'd been here at least fifty times already. But that was the kicker with Peeta. Every time felt like the first time with him and was precisely why she couldn't stay away from him. "Come in," a voice called out. She pushed the heavy metal door open, the hinges creaking slightly and was immediately met with a brick wall hung with crisp, black and white photographs of the world's skylines. They were made by his photographer friend, Finnick Odair, who she'd never met but only heard about through anecdotes Peeta shared and from a picture of him on the living room credenza. It was ironic, how very much he'd shared with her about his life and yet how little of it she had actually seen. Something in her breast clenched painfully at the thought, but Katniss swallowed the feeling. That was what his wife was for, after all, and it suited Katniss just fine. She turned the corner of the brick wall divider, dropping her bag on the table that held a glass bowl for his keys and other effects. Her boots made a familiar click-clack against the stone floor as she crossed the open studio space, peppered with easels and canvases. When she looked up to the high ceilings, she observed the giant pipes and air ducts that once pumped fumes and heat out into the environment and only now served as a faux architectural accessory to a trendy loft. She could already see the bed poking out from behind another brick divider and felt her skin pebble in expectation. She caught a jean clad leg with a bare foot hanging off the bed and as she neared, she discovered that was all he was wearing. He was shirtless, his broad chest and shoulders practically glowing as the lamplight glinted off of his light skin and blond hair. His nipples were hard from the chill in the large, open space - he kept his studio cold to protect the paintings - and his abdominal muscles lay in tense wait, like a coiled snake ready to pounce. Her eyes traveled lower still and she observed that the top button of his jeans was unbuttoned. Somehow, that detail alone made her so wet, she subtly shifted from one foot to the other, her inner thighs rubbing together in search of relief. He looked up from his newspaper, his reading glasses perched almost primly on his nose, a striking contrast to the rest of his luscious half-naked body. His blue eyes roamed over her body as if he owned it, which, the fucker knew he did, no matter how much she tried to be indifferent. She wanted to ask him how his newspaper was, what was going on in the world. She wondered what it was like to be out with him in public, what would his hand feel like on her skin with the sun warming them both. What was that like? But she didn't ask those things and neither did he. What was the point? Instead, she took her jacket off, flinging it onto a chair in the corner, watching it crumple carelessly to the ground. He slowly removed his glasses, setting them on the side table next to the bed and watched her with eyes smouldering from lust. It had been more than two weeks since she'd left and the effect of their separation was evident from the strained lines on his face. They stared each other down as she circled the bed, the cool room suddenly drenched in a heated tension that became as unbearable as a boiling sauna. As always, it was Peeta who finally broke the silence. "You came," he said. Katniss shrugged, the mindless heat that was thrumming through her body hidden beneath a thin veneer of nonchalance. She was determined that he not know the desperation of these last weeks without him. She would not give him that power. "I wasn't going to, actually," she answered. "Why did you change your mind?" he asked, his blue eyes hooded. He made no effort to hide his want of her. He never did. He was as open as she was closed. Katniss did not answer. It was another one of those obvious things that didn't need to be said between two people like them. She kicked off her boots instead and flipped her t-shirt over her head, allowing the shirt to land where it would. She wore no bra and the brisk air of the studio hit her nipples like a slap, causing them to pebble into hard nubs. She smirked when she saw the change of expression in Peeta's face, the deepening of his already deep-blue eyes, the flicking of his pink tongue as he licked his lips. She dropped onto the mattress on her knees and crawled across the surface, heedless of her naked ass exposed to the air as her impossibly small skirt rode up her thighs. She reclined on a pillow and turned her eyes up at him, watching as he took in the sight of her. It was an eternity as her skin burned for his touch, and she slowly lost her battle with indifference over the way he made her feel. She had always striven to hide the fact that the mere thought of him made her feel like she was carrying the weight of all her desire between her legs. When he touched her, it was static electricity without the shock. He'd made her come like no one had before. But she was a remarkably bad liar and he knew it. He knew what his touch did to her. But she was stubborn anyway and wanted him to make the next move. After all, she had done her part. She was here and despite her bravado, she knew he could smell her arousal. Peeta ran a finger down her naked back, dragging his short nail against her skin, causing goosebumps to spring up along her back. The sudden rush of blood throughout her body made her dizzy but she concentrated on his delicious touch as his fingers reached the waistline of her skirt. She unconsciously lifted her hips, reaching for the pressure of his fingerprints that he denied her with his feather-like touch. Her wordless plea was rewarded by his lips, sweeping across her shoulder and down her spine, leaving kisses that began tenderly, before he widened his lips and left hot, wet kisses as his mouth made its way down to her tailbone. Katniss whimpered with the sensation they provoked, a sensation she had sought many times as she hid in her bedroom across town on those nights without him and masturbated like a teenager. When he reached the skirt line, he stopped, placing his hand along her thighs. Katniss widened her legs, inviting him to run his fingers up her legs, an invitation he accepted. She felt his fingers sweep her wet, swollen lips instead of underwear, a muttered, "Oh, god," escaping his lips. Katniss's breath quickened. "Touch me," she blurted out, internally cursing herself for her weakness. It was as if she had plugged him into an electrical outlet and flipped a switch. He was suddenly behind her and between her legs, tugging her skirt up around her waist. He pulled her roughly until she was on her knees, her ass up in the air. There was a pause, and she knew he was staring at her, nothing but between her sex and the air that was quickly being heated by her want. She wanted to scream at him to get on with it, put his face, his hands, anything there and give her relief. But she was stronger than that. He had made her beg before, many times. She was determined not to give him that satisfaction this time. He dragged his finger along her slit with painstaking deliberateness. He blew softly on her lips before pinching one between his forefinger and thumb. She yelped involuntarily, biting her tongue to keep quiet. "I know what you're doing," he said, taking a long lick of her. "You think you need to be so strong. You want to convince yourself that you don't need me." He placed the tips of two fingers at her entrance, rubbing in circles, teasing with the promise of invasion but even as she leaned back, seeking that pressure that would finish her, he would not give her what he knew she wanted. If she hadn't wanted him so fucking badly, she'd have gotten up and walked out of the studio. "I don't," she hissed. "Liar," he said, briefly dipping his fingers inside and pulling out again, prolonging her anguish. She felt his tongue swirl around the tender entrance of her ass and shuddered. "It just makes you feel better about yourself if you think I do," she muttered, leaning back, seeking desperately for relief from his tongue, which had replaced his fingers. He swirled and teased her, flicking her clit but refusing to apply the pressure that she sought. "Liar," he repeated with