Katniss Everdeen – Demon Hunter Chapter 1 – The Clear-Eyed Goddess A/N: Disclosure: While I do use actual locations, I've altered the physical topography of The Institute. There are no rocky outcroppings at the foot of the buildings. I also modeled The Institute on the actual campus of Stevens Institute of Technology, which is really a gorgeous campus in the middle of Hoboken. However you can't blame Katniss and Gale from fondly remembering the colorful history of the town. Inspired by a mish-mash of the following: Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Incarnations of Immortality (Piers Anthony), Mortal Instruments; Gem of Souls was suggested to me by Miss_Maia. She is also the source of chapter 2. I don't own anything related to The Hunger Games Trilogy. When the pulsing alarm went off, Katniss had to suppress the urge to smash it against the concrete wall of her warehouse apartment. She lay a few moments longer, enjoying the delicious tendrils of sleep as they slowly receded, leaving her to wake in the damp chill of an unseasonably cold October evening. She'd arrived home and promptly pulled her torn tank-top and ripped leather pants off of her battle-worn body, dragging herself into a hot shower to scrub the gore and grime from her hair and skin. It had been a rough night – a long while since she'd had to fight three demons off at the same time. The poor devils didn't realize the odds were against them – even on nights when there were no underworld creatures to tame and destroy, Katniss maintained her vigilance. She was a lethal instrument of destruction – the very best of her kind. She stretched her body, moving into the Savasana pose that she'd been utilizing for centuries before yoga had become a suburban fad. She did not age and changed very slowly but she was not fully immortal either and therefore took great pains to take care that her body did not forget how to survive the dark creatures that plagued the mortal world. She was a warrior and fighting was as much a state of mind as of body. Her routine helped to keep her focus on the reason for which she existed – to keep the human world safe from the torments of the underworld. After all, she had not willingly chosen this existence – it had been a long-ago act of loving sacrifice and she was determined to carry out her responsibilities to the best of her ability. As happened every day and night of her long, twilight existence, Katniss thought back to the reason for her condition, the factors that had created the necessity of her taking on the mantle of Demon Hunter, a state of incredible power and yet also of relentless abnegation. Like the lilting songs they sang together as children in the wild meadows of her ancestral home, her younger sister's face floated before her, causing her heart to seize with mournful longing. They'd lived in innocent simplicity, a situation brought on by the unfavorable marriage of her high-born mother to her highlander father. Lady Samara was of the noble house of MacGregor of the Scottish highlands but ran off with Campbell of the Everdeen clan the moment she heard him singing at the annual Beltane festival. As the name of the festival implied, it was a celebration of fire and appropriately, the all-consuming fires of Samara and Campbell's love had been kindled there. This act of passionate elopement resulted in the loss of Samara's titles and wealth but, when Mother spoke of it, she swore to her daughters that what she had gained in return was a life rich in love and the bounty of two magnificent daughters – her fierce grey-eyed Katniss, in body and spirit the image of her proud father and sweet Primrose, gentle as the song of the mourning doves they woke to in the early mist-drenched hours of dawn. Even at a young age, Katniss had demonstrated her ferocity as a hunter with her horse-hair bow and finely sculpted arrows, defying the expectations for highland girls in an age very different from the one in which girls were raised today. Katniss thought of these things as she donned her gloves and unlatched the heavy punching bag, tapping it slowly to warm her muscles but as the memories came over her, her blows became fiercer and angrier. Her destiny had ensnared her in chains of unbreakable inevitability the moment her clan had been attacked by the warmongering McLeods of the north. Even with the alliance of the Hawthornes and Undersees, their clans had not been able to resist the ravenous thirst for conquests of the northern warriors. It was then that Katniss experienced the grip of evil that forced her down the lonely path she walked today – the murder of her mother and father, the hellish captivity together with her sister as she and her clans-women were dragged through the dark woods of the Scottish forest. There was no question what fate awaited them; mere chattel to be used for the pleasure of brutes. It was then that her salvation arrived to both liberate and bind her for eternity. She never learned the name of the apparition that had come to deliver them from their captivity. She only remembered the eyes, a burnished gold the color of honey interspersed with bronze, lit up by a light internal to the creature. An exquisite being of such luminous virtuosity that she could barely look it in the face and even in the condition of being caught between strange supernatural beings and the prospect of a humiliating death, every atom in her body quivered before its beauty. To think that her sister had become something like that quieted her blood somewhat. He was there by virtue of their blood and a prophecy written on the ancient stones of the druid sacrificial stones: Two sisters, born of the eternal house of the forest - One the soft lady of morning; One the clear-eyed goddess of night One to herald the light of the souls of men One to battle the dark creatures of the damned - Will destroy the reign of Winter. The gentle, radiant angel, for she had no other description for what it was, explained the awful compromise. They would both live but not in the form they were used to. And they were free to choose their fate – there was nothing in the prophecy that indicated which sister would hold the light, and which would be bound to the night. But to Katniss, there was no other choice to be made. The soft blond braids and powdered innocence of Prim's blue eyes were not made to do battle with the darkness. And so Katniss had taken the dark prophecy onto herself. She watched in wonder as Primrose ascended into the ranks of what she later learned were the Guardians. Their salvation meant they would be separated forever by their duties, as the sun must forever be hidden from the moon. Katniss had screamed her grief into the night but it was rage that would fuel her for centuries thereafter; her newfound fire consumed the host of wicked invaders that night as they tried to escape her newborn powers. It was not a good night to have the name McLeod as she chased down every last warrior until the tree trunks of the forest were stained with their blood. It was then that she'd tasted the bitter draught of vengeance and found it was a flavor that would never leave her mouth again. Even with her power, her greatest obstacle was fear. Katniss had seen creatures so terrifying, beings so bent on hatred and destruction that even now, she sometimes wished she could turn away from the stench of evil and hide under the rustling folds of her mother's skirts. She almost died of terror the first time her bow, which had mysteriously appeared beside her that fateful night, whispered where she should go, what her duty was, and how to find the others like her. Instead of meeting her ilk right away, she had stumbled upon a half-breed so sadistic, Katniss had barely been able to fight it off, all the while wailing in desperation. Because she was alone in the universe, and no one heard her cries. Katniss' reverie was interrupted by the snapping of metal and the simultaneous sound of smashed glass. Her blows had flown so powerfully, she'd sent the punching bag through the window of her flat. Wiping the stream of sweat that had broken out over her brow, she shook her head to rid it of the memory of that awful night. She'd taken on this persona and all of the denials it represented – bereft of deep friendship, companionship or love – but she accepted, even embraced it with stoic fatalism. Somewhere, in a place of light and goodness, was her sister. Safe and eternal. She could endure this for an eternity, if she had to. This was her only comfort. XXXXX When she had fully dressed, she slipped out onto the fire-escape and slid down the unused ladder to the damp ground. At first, all she could see of him was the burning tip of his smoldering cigarette but as she got closer, Gale's familiar features came into focus. His thick hair was dark brown tonight, which made him look so much younger than other nights, when he painted his hair every color under the sun. Katniss and Gale resembled each other so much, they looked like brother and sister – the same clear-grey eyes, ebony colored hair and olive skin. In fact, they were distant cousins – the Everdeens and Hawthornes shared a common ancestry and at one time formed two sides of the triumvirate of clans of middle Scotland. The third was the Undersee clan and, like Gale, the only survivor of that clan was Madge Undersee. She was wrong about the cigarette – it was an electronic cigarette, an elaborate ebony-colored shaft with two solid gold bands around the middle. Simple. Elegant. Probably cost him a fortune. He caught her staring at the cigarette and smiled. "Hey, at least it's not a Shisha Stick. I have class, you know." Katniss rolled her eyes at him, picturing in her mind a diamond and Swarovski crystal-studded device that was ultra-tacky in addition to being ultra-expensive. "It's still smoking, Gale." "Yeah, but these do a lot less harm. Come to think of it, the other ones didn't do any harm either, at least to me. But with these, you can get different flavors. I'm smoking mint green tea tonight." He said as he took another puff. She took a whiff of the vapors and was reluctant to admit that the herbal and minty smell actually pleased her. "Like I said. It's still smoking." Gale slung his arm around her shoulder. "Big difference. Trust me." Katniss shrugged as they walked down the wide avenue. "We're heading to Hoboken tonight," she muttered. "Yeah, that's what my bow's telling me too. Sucks." Gale groused. Katniss simply nodded. Hoboken was now part of the Gold Coast. Enterprising developers had bought out the entire waterfront facing the City from Hoboken all the way up to West New York. The inner areas were still interesting and diverse, filled with pockets of Polish, Italian, Indian, Puerto Rican and Portuguese immigrants but the coast itself was populated with exclusive high-rises and gated residences, while a bustling mini-Wall Street stole trading firms from across the river and lured them with cheap rent and low taxes to downtown Jersey City. The multitude of clubs and restaurants were filled with young urbanites or college students looking to get drunk or get laid (mostly both). The old area had lost its charm of 30 years ago, when Hoboken could still boast of being the blue-collar hometown of Frank Sinatra. Somehow, the move from cozy neighborhood bars and old