Art hid with art, so well perform'd the cheat, It caught the carver with his own deceit: He knows 'tis madness, yet he must adore, And still the more he knows it, loves the more: The flesh, or what so seems, he touches oft, Which feels so smooth, that he believes it soft. [...] Pygmalion off'ring, first approach'd the shrine, And then with pray'rs implor'd the Pow'rs divine: Almighty Gods, if all we mortals want, If all we can require, be yours to grant; Make this fair statue mine, he wou'd have said, But chang'd his words for shame; and only pray'd, Give me the likeness of my iv'ry maid. - from The Story of Pygmalion and the Statue from Ovid's Metamorphosis XXXXX The temple of Aphrodite overflowed with admirers of the statues exhibited by the great Cyprian masters. Peeta Mellark felt especially crowded by those who wished to offer their praise for his latest addition to the temple - an exquisite rendition of his patron goddess surrounded by the birds and small creatures of the woods he knew she cherished most. Though clearly sculpted of the same materials as his fellow sculptors, the statue was carved with such attention to every attribute of the Goddess Aphrodite's immortal face, the observer did not have to imagine the quivering of movement or the flutter of her exhaled breath. His was an uncanny gift for rendition that made even the best works fade before his skill. He spoke to each enthusiast in turn in that gentle manner he possessed, with precise kindness and good breeding. Though he was the son of a baker, Peeta had risen to fame on the strength of his natural talent. The kingdom of Cyprus was filled with the splendor of his statues, frescoes, and paintings. He was particularly devoted to Aphrodite and honored her repeatedly with the fruit of his extraordinary labors. It had brought him wealth, satisfaction, and fame - all things he received with grace and humility of spirit. However, though Peeta was a success, he was not always pleased with the inordinate attention his talents brought him. So in the middle of that throng of well-heeled socialites amongst whom he had circulated for the better part of the afternoon, it was with great relief that he felt the presence of his dearest friend and confidante, Finnick Odair, at his side. Finnick, the son of noble Senator Gaius Odair and a devotee of Poseidon himself, was gifted with the aspect of one who not only lived upon the sea but personified it also. His eyes were the very green of the sea plants that grew along the rocky ocean floor of the Aegean. He was bronze and well-formed, of such idealized male beauty that Peeta had often availed himself of his friend's figure as a model for his own male statues. Always of a jovial nature, Finnick overflowed with boundless enthusiasm but today, he could barely contain his euphoria, a condition that revived Peeta's lagging energies and made him smile through his exhaustion. "Your depiction of the female form is nothing short of genius. This is, of course, an irony from one who has sworn off the entire sex," said Finnick by way of greeting. "This is no ordinary woman, but the great Goddess herself." Peeta made his way out into the afternoon's warm sunlight, escaping the dim light and oppressive jostle of people moving among the exhibits. "I need not be yoked to a woman to appreciate and reproduce the splendor of her beauty. I have never objected to the gifts Nature so generously endows womankind," he responded, moving to the gardens adjacent to the temple to find a bench and rest his tired legs. "But you object to everything else?" responded Finnick, engaging Peeta in an old argument. He pitied his friend and feared that, in his obstinate refusal of the company of women, Peeta would rob himself of one of the greatest riches life had to offer. "I do not object to anything. I offer my celibacy as a gift to Aphrodite, in gratitude for the joy of executing my art for her glory," he responded. "Nonsense," scoffed Finnick with a mischievous smile. "Your celibacy is not required, least of all in the house of the Goddess of Love herself, who expects as tribute for her approval the exercise of those amorous arts that bring her the greatest exaltation. No, you choose to offer a gift contrary to all the tenants of the house under which you worship." Peeta stared off into the lane created by the parallel lines of laurel trees, ending in a cliff that overlooked the sea. On the slope below the gardens grew olive trees in their rugged, luscious abundance, the heavy meat of their unripened fruit weighing down the boughs of the grey-green branches. "Does it not satisfy you that there are those in the world for whom physical love may not be their destiny? That perhaps they do not possess the faculty to tolerate the intimacy of a woman, in particular, when women in general are in their very characters cold, cruel and vain?" "It is not so, Peeta! I have known many women, in various degrees of intercourse and they are not in the way you describe!" Finnick exclaimed in frustration. "You will take offense, my friend, but you have allowed your unfortunate family circumstances to taint you towards all womankind and you will be the poorer in life because of it!" Peeta's thoughts flew right away to his mother, darkening his mood with melancholy and anger. "I have known women also and have found the opposite of what you say," said Peeta with studied calm that belied his raging emotions. "I cannot trifle with a sex that thinks only to their vanity and cares nothing for anyone beyond themselves." "You find what you seek, my friend. If you search the world for the color blue, it is blue that you will find every time. For perfection is not the purview of human beings, either male or female. It is in that uneven exercise of virtue and vice in which we find the joys and disappointments of intimacy. But to rule out all female company apriori will only lead to bitter loneliness." Finnick's face hardened momentarily against his friend. "Dare you say that my Annie possesses the same defects of characters as those women you reject." "Finnick!" Peeta exclaimed, fearing to offend his friend, "You know very well the esteem with which I hold Annie, your mother, and many other women. But these are exceptions and I have not been as fortunate as you in finding an exceptional woman who would have a moment to spare for me." Finnick made a sound of exasperation at Peeta's words, muttering to himself in clear frustration. Peeta tired of this argument with Finnick and chose silence as his best response. If only Finnick knew that, indeed, he was already afflicted with that disease of bitter loneliness, that his only company were the statues of his studio and the patience and care of his various friends. It was this loneliness that, in growing resentment, made him ever more determined to avoid further romantic entanglements with women. After several minutes, Finnick's emotions appeared to have cooled. He changed discourse and approached the subject which had caused him to seek out his friend in the first place. "Peeta," he said, almost warily, though his entire frame quivered with a barely repressed energy. "I seek your blessing." Peeta refocused his attentions on Finnick. "What new undertaking would you have me approve?" he said with humor, for his friend was always filled with a multitude of schemes. Finnick took in an uneven breath. "I am to be married, friend. I have asked Annie to be wed to me within the fortnight, during the full moon." He smiled proudly at his confession and awaited his friend's response. "By the gods! Well done!" laughed Peeta with wholehearted pleasure and no small amount of guilt for possibly offending his friend. "You are surely marrying the most worthy girl in all of existence. Of that I have no doubt!" He clasped his friend to him and held him with sincere joy. Finnick was a good man and a solid friend and Peeta desired only his persistent happiness in all things, even those that Peeta felt Fate had denied to him. "We will celebrate at our residence near the sea and remain for the month of Gamelion (January)," Finnick said excitedly. "Come with us and take your repose in my family's home. My father is more fond of you than he is of his own son!" Finnick laughed, both knowing that Finnick's father was, in truth, blindly devoted to his handsome son. Peeta considered the offer, knowing well the land of his friend's family on the northeastern bay beyond the forests of Paphos and certain that it would be a happy place wherein to rest after his various commissions. As he considered his friend's proposition, a figure approached them in the waning sun of the afternoon. Peeta saw her outline and golden hair and recognized her radiant form. Cashmere was known throughout Nicosia for her unrivaled blond beauty, so great, some dared to compare her to the goddess Aphrodite herself. To appease the appetite of that jealous Goddess, Cashmere wisely devoted significant energy in gifts and offerings to that deity to avoid incurring her wrath. "Peeta, I have studied your statue. Your arts are unrivaled by any in Cyprus. You would be the toast of Athens if they ever saw your works," she practically sang as she gave Peeta and Finnick a kiss on each cheek in greeting. "Good evening, lovely Cashmere," bowed Peeta politely. Her face was an act of natural symmetry - her cheekbones equal in proportion, the perfect sweep of her chin, the high, almond slant of her blue eyes. Peeta enjoyed looking at her for she was a paradigm of feminine beauty. She had been somewhat infatuated with him for years and for a brief period, he had succumbed to her charms. However, few knew of Cashmere's deep indifference to anyone other than herself, and after suffering from her disregard for his happiness, Peeta had made himself immune to her allures for the utter shallowness of her character. No one spent more time in baths and spas than she and as for the development of her intellect beyond that which pertained to the arts of vanity, there was little to recommend her. "My father is hosting a celebration for the artists contributing to the Winter Festival. Please, both of you must join us and bring happiness to our house. Perhaps I can finally entice you into a dance or two?" she smiled seductively at Peeta. Finnick chuckled as Peeta prepared his upteenth rebuff. "It would be our singular honor, but I have just compromised my leisure on the eastern Aegean coast with this brute in celebration of his upcoming nuptials. Otherwise, it would have been my pleasure to attend your celebration." "Is it true, then, Finnick? Will you take Annie as your wife?" she smiled excitedly. "Yes. We will marry in Paphos and holiday on the coast. You must know our home is always open to your family. We are known for our particular hospitality in that part of the land." Cashmere gave a strained laughed, for she was not accustomed to disappointment. "Yes, your family is renowned for the open reception of guests both foreign and familiar." She turned to Peeta. "I am so very sorry that you will not be in attendance. I had reserved a special place at my table for you." She kissed Peeta again as she departed, a lingering kiss intended to warm his cheek and perhaps provide a last inducement towards her invitation. But very quickly, Cashmere recognized her enticements were futile, for Peeta's face remained one of stone, and she turned to go. "May the gods bless