Know That Your Place Is With Me (Part 1) Katniss and Peeta live in a Panem that classifies its citizens by Castes, forever dividing people from each other. But the heart knows no boundaries. The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere, they're in each other all along. from The Essential Rumi translated by Coleman Barks The only thing that entered Peeta's awareness as he lay prone on the homemade mattress was the blistering heat of the hearth. Normally, it would have been a welcome respite from the snow and frost that covered the land, were it not for the throbbing pain of his flogged back. Katniss had covered him with a snow coat but the icy coolness that had momentarily relieved the all-encompassing, boiling pain had melted too soon, leaving him in a fog of suffering again. At first, he'd felt courageous as they tied him to the pole in the square. Katniss' screams punctuated the space between blows until, by the 10th lash, Peeta's own voice had become hoarse from his cries and he'd become dizzy from the pain. By the 15th, he was delirious and no longer heard anything except the blood rushing to his head. In all, he had taken twenty lashes. Katniss could barely handle his dead weight when he was untied and left to collapse unceremoniously to the ground. The crowd in District 12 was silent as she tried to drag him from the pole but Peeta was too heavy. Commander Thread did not give Peeta's moaning, semiconscious form a second glance, and he had even less attention to spare the Untouchable, who sobbed hysterically next to him. He simply pronounced his sentence succinctly, without compassion and through the confusion inflicted by his flogging, Peeta heard his and Katniss' life as they knew it come to an end: " For the crime of Blood Contamination from the illicit union of this Merchant with an Untouchable, we hereby condemn them both to the severest penalty under the law. Henceforth, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark will be banished from Panem. Let no man, from this day forward, acknowledge their existence. Let no man lend them assistance. Let their names be erased from our ledgers for all of eternity." Peeta watched Katniss' face became hard with grief and anger. She appeared to search the crowd, perhaps for her mother whose wail had pierced the air or her sister's anguished face. One by one, everyone in the crowd turned their backs to them in a final, symbolic gesture, severing their bonds from the community. Peeta's own mother was the first to turn away, a look of fierce disgust on her face. His brothers followed suit while his father lingered until he was one of the few who still refused until the last moment to turn their backs on them. Gale Hawthorne, Katniss' hunting partner and best friend, clenched his hands with a face full of fury to rival Katniss' own and made to come towards them, but Katniss put her hands up and whispered " No!" , a sound that carried across the silent open square like a gunshot. He would be killed on the spot if he helped them. Instead she muttered "Protect them," to which he gave a final nod before turning away as well. Katniss turned her stricken face towards Peeta's and ran her hands through his damp hair. In that moment, he understood regret. He didn't regret loving her - he'd do it all over again, a thousand times through a thousand lives, for all of eternity. No, he regretted that because of him, she would be separated forever from everyone she fought to protect. Peeta was sure that had he known things would end up this way, he would not have insisted on being with her and would have simply continued to love her from afar. XXXXX 1 year earlier Peeta hadn't always known who Katniss was. He hadn't even known her name. The first time he saw her, they were both eleven years old. She was a slight, starving girl rummaging through the trash bins outside the bakery. The day was an angry as well as stormy one, for his mother had done the accounts and found they would just barely have something left over for themselves after paying the heavy taxes the Capitol imposed on its Merchant class. Theirs was a stratified society - the Primes lived in the Capitol and were considered the pure bloods of Panem, worthy of ruling the remaining twelve Districts. The Capitol maintained their opulent standard of living through tithes that were paid each year - whether in money or in the materials each District produced. In the case of District 12, this was coal. The Logos were the Public Servants - teachers, administrators and Peacekeepers. Their privileges were many but their tithes were steep - they turned their children over to institutes to be trained in the profession of their families. The children of Peacekeepers were removed from their families at the age of 7 to train in District 2's military academies and become the upholders of the Capitol's laws. Peeta's family belonged to the Merchant class. They were the bakers, butchers, cobblers, seamstresses and so on. They maintained the commercial activities of the districts and provided the manufactured goods that were then sold either to the Capitol or to the citizens of their home districts. Their tithe was a flat tax that they paid each month, based on their income. In the case of the Mellarks, if they did not meet their monthly sales quota, between the tithes and expenditures required to run the bakery, they could be left with very little for their own maintenance. Below the Merchants were the Laborers, the class that worked the mines, fields and factories. Their lot was harsh and impoverished but they still had some status in the community. Their offering was their labor and the production quota for each month in their respective areas. Coal miners produced coal in exchange for enough to feed their families, keeping them just barely out of starvation. But the worst off were the Untouchables. They were the invisible members of society: the orphans and widows, infirmed and handicapped, aged Avoxes who were no longer useful to their owners. In short, they were the people no one wanted to see. They survived through self-sustenance: small gardens and domesticated animals. They engaged in lowly services. Or they begged. The children of the Untouchables even had their own small schools but they learned very little. The Untouchables lived in the most impoverished part of the laborer quarter called the Seam. This section of the district bordered the fences leading to the Wild Lands beyond, where no man ventured for fear of the creatures that were rumored to live there. In fact, there were elaborate superstitions and horror stories about the fate of those who dared violate the boundaries of the community. On the border between civilization and the untamed, those unwanted people were easy to ignore. Was it no wonder then that, until the stormy, thunder-filled day, Peeta had never noticed the grey-eyed girl who collapsed beneath the apple tree? But that day he had. It was as if all the fight had gone out of her, especially after his mother had run her off from their garbage bins, shouting obscenities about Seam filth and defiled Untouchables. He watched the girl scurry away, crossing the yard in front of the bakery, before she crumpled to the ground. Her exhaustion was so absolute, Peeta felt the heaviness weigh down his very soul. At that moment, he heard the bell from the oven timer go off but instead of leaping to attention to pull the berry and nut loaves from the burning maw of heat, he let them go. After several minutes his mother barrelled down towards him, her rage flaring above the smell of the burning bread. She pulled the loaves out of the oven and, with her heated hand, slapped Peeta across the face. "You beast!" she shouted, her flat, blue eyes darkening in anger. "Feed it to the pigs, you stupid creature. Why not? No decent person will buy burnt bread!" Peeta took his blow silently - he knew how to take a beating - and gathered up the burnt loaves in his arms. Making his way to the pig pen, he stopped at the fence, tearing off pieces of the bread as his mother watched him like a gargoyle. When the front bakery bell rang and his mother disappeared to help a customer, he surreptitiously searched for the girl again. The rain was falling mercilessly now, and though he was covered by the awning above the pen, she was exposed to the elements, the wind and water howling over her small body. She looked up at him and the hollow emptiness of her eyes that gripped him, penetrating to the depths of his soul, moving past his compassion and empathy and rooting itself in the very center of his existence. They were two mournful crystals that affixed themselves to the pendant of his heart and, instead of tossing the bread to the snorting brutes, Peeta launched them with almost perfect precision towards that suddenly lovely girl. Her eyes widened in shock, then softened, before she stuffed the loaves in her oversized shirt as he moved towards the bakery without a backward glance. XXXXX He saw her again the very next day, standing at the edge of the field beyond the bakery in the late afternoon. School had let out some hours ago and Peeta had already begun his shift. He was taken aback at seeing her twice in so many days, when he had never been aware of her existence before. He stopped, for the coincidence of her apparition was too strong to ignore. Her incredibly clear, grey eyes appeared to traverse his features, lingering over the swollen cheek where his mother's blow had landed. She furrowed her brow before moving her eyes past him to stare at some indiscriminate point behind Peeta. The intensity of her gaze was so powerful, he felt compelled to follow her line of sight. Turning about, all that he could see was the ground, with its patches of vegetation growing up between the rocks and a lonely dandelion, which stood turgid and proud in the midst of that wasteland of blooming grasses. Peeta was confused and turned back to the girl, as if her eyes could solve the mystery but when he searched the spot where she stood before, he found it empty. Like the wind, Katniss had disappeared. XXXXX After several months, Peeta began to see Katniss more frequently in town. She came around, accompanied by an older Seam boy who was so similar in appearance to Katniss that Peeta thought they might be related. They had the same olive skin, straight black hair and grey eyes. They were careful to avoid Peacekeepers as they went to the poorer homes in the Merchant quarter to trade squirrels and other wild game. In a society where even speaking to an Untouchable was considered contaminating, the idea of buying food caught from those people would have been considered an abomination. However, this detail of Katniss and her friend's caste did not deter Peeta's father and others from trading with them for the fresh meat they offered. Hunger was the great equalizer. When she came to the door of the bakery, Peeta sometimes let her in and that's how he first learned that her full name was Katniss Everdeen, which he sometimes said to himself, enjoying the feel of those syllables on his tongue. As the years passed and they both became older, her face changed, at first dramatically and then more subtly as she grew into her femininity. She was always brisk and business-like during her trades, as if she