Lost and Found His face was bruised again. Katniss watched as Peeta responded to his name being called and went up to the teacher's desk, head down, perhaps to hide the flower-shaped wound that had blossomed below his eye. But Mrs. Trinket, their second grade teacher, had already noticed it too and touched Peeta's chin as she lifted his head to better examine his cheek. She tutted before getting up to buzz the office on the intercom. As soon as Mr. Heavensbee appeared, they both stepped outside the classroom to talk, leaving Peeta out of his seat, in front of the entire class, unsure of what to do with himself. This made him even more self-conscious so that, by the time Mrs. Trinket had returned, he was the color of the strawberry lollipop Katniss had eaten the day before. Mrs. Trinket gently pushed Peeta towards the door, where Mr. Heavensbee stood patiently, awaiting his charge. The seat next to Katniss remained empty for the rest of the day. XXXXX Katniss raced through the snow, dodging Christmas carolers singing outside of the Main Street shops. She didn't pause, even though they were singing her favorite song, We Three Kings , but continued to barrel her way towards Mellark's Family Bakery. As she made to push the door open, she crashed into the solid resistance of the sturdy, white painted wood, heavy deadbolt locks barring it shut and the uninviting sight of the blinds shuttered against the outside world. The uncommon sight of the bakery closed in the middle of the workday, so close to Christmas, was such that Katniss set herself in motion again, possessed of a single-minded determination to get home and tell her mother what had taken place at school. She was young - only eight years old - but she had a sharp intelligence that told her there was a connection between her missing friend and the shut-up bakery. Katniss burst into her house, bringing with her ice-cold winter air and droplets of water from the slush still attached to her boots. The rule at home was to remove shoes upon entering, but she was too excited to remember her routine. "Katniss Everdeen! I just mopped that floor!" exclaimed her mother in exasperation. "Momma!" she said, ignoring her mother's chagrin at her clean, shiny, wood floor covered in winter's dirt. With a sigh, Mrs. Everdeen pulled Katniss' coat and boots off and promptly went to fetch a towel as the little girl launched into a full account of the events leading to Peeta's removal from class. "Poor child," said Mrs. Everdeen, shaking her head in pity for the boy when Katniss had concluded her report. She led her oldest daughter to the kitchen and passed her the pestle and mortar. "Grind these peppermint leaves, honey." "Delly says his momma's mean, but Peeta gets mad if you say anything," she said as she set her small arms to work on the handful of herbs her mother had given her. "Of course. She's his mother, no matter what. You wouldn't like someone talking about your mother that way." "But she is mean!" groused Katniss in indignation. It was hard to turn her opinion once she'd made up her mind. "He missed the whole day of school because of her." Mrs. Everdeen paused in her work. "You mean when Mr. Heavensbee took him to the office, he didn't bring him back?" "No, he didn't. Isn't that what I just said?" responded Katniss with impatience as she pounded away at the leaves, perhaps more than was necessary. Mrs. Everdeen's face took on a look of distant concentration. The only words she muttered were, "Poor Dale." Unwrapping her apron, she made her way to the stove, where a pot of stew was simmering. "We're going to pay him a visit." "Peeta?" Katniss asked excitedly, dropping the pestle onto the counter, the plump leaves nothing but a smear on the smooth, wooden head. "Yes. Peeta - and Dale," Mrs. Everdeen said, the fine lines, normally invisible along the curve of her smooth skin now deepening around her mouth as she set her jaw in determination. "Your father won't be back for awhile yet so we have time to go and come back before dinner…" she continued, more to herself than Katniss, as she served a generous portion of soup into an extra large serving dish made for transporting. "We can pick Prim up from her play date with Daisy on the way back." Katniss' mother was still pensive as they trudged down the slick sidewalk while Katniss happily kicked up slush at the prospect of seeing Peeta again. It was a short walk to their house, though the Mellark's home was much bigger and more elaborate than the Everdeen's cottage, with soaring ceilings and a spiral staircase. And yet, when Katniss and Peeta played together, it was always at the Everdeen's home, with it's worn but polished wooden floors and old-fashioned dumbwaiter that Mr. Everdeen made sure to keep in good repair for the kids. Katniss and Peeta spent hours propelling their toys up and down, whether they were escaping invading armies or embarking on magical arctic expeditions. When they were feeling particularly reckless, Peeta hoisted Katniss from the basement to the second floor, which usually earned them a scolding whenever they were discovered by Mrs. Everdeen. When they arrived before the heavy wooden doors of the Mellark home, Katniss helpfully pressed the doorbell, practically hopping in place with impatience. When the door opened, it was a haggard Mr. Mellark who greeted them. "Elise!" he exclaimed, his dull eyes brightening, the blue just a shade lighter than his youngest son's striking color. His gaze lingered on Mrs. Everdeen before he turned his attention to the little girl straining to keep her place. "Hello, Katniss. Peeta will be so happy to see you. Come in," he said kindly. "Thank you, Dale. I brought some stew. I know how much you like it," said Mrs. Everdeen graciously. Katniss and her mother removed their coats and boots before following Mr. Mellark into the kitchen. Peeta met them at the doorway, his bruise less swollen but a deeper magenta color than it had been that morning in school. He smiled at the sight of his playmate. "Me and dad made chocolate chip cookies," he said by way of greeting. Katniss' eyes lit up at the sight of her friend and the prospect of a treat. She threw her arms around Peeta before following him into the kitchen, taking in the gleaming counters and fancy appliances with greedy eyes, for she rarely came to this part of the house. Mr. Mellark meanwhile set out plates on the kitchen island. "I also made peppermint hot chocolate. We made too much - lucky for you." He poked Katniss' nose before filling their mugs with the thick, sweet-smelling liquid. As Mr. Mellark placed the warm cookies on the plates, Katniss turned towards Peeta. "Where did you go today? You missed the spelling test. made everyone practice the words, just like a spelling bee," she said, as if in accusation. Peeta's face fell at Katniss' question, his eyes flicking furtively towards his father in wordless appeal. Mrs. Everdeen, ever sensitive to the shift in mood, placed a hand on Katniss' arm. "Why don't you wait for Peeta to finish his cookies before interrogating him, dear," she said kindly but firmly. "It's okay, Elise," said Mr. Mellark. "Peeta's mother is...going away for a while." The way he said Peeta's mother held a note of steel that did not escape Katniss' notice, though for what reason, she did not understand. Katniss looked at Peeta again with open curiosity. "Where is she going? Is she sick?" Peeta, who had, up until now, sat nibbling inconsequently on the edge of his cookie, sank further into his chair, a blush of shame spreading over his cheeks "Well...um…" Mr. Everdeen fumbled his words. "She's been ill for a while, and she's going for treatment," Mr. Mellark said, sending a look of appeal in Mrs. Everdeen's direction. "Y-esss…" she said, "I remember something about that. So she's finally going to see someone about...that...thing?" Mr. Mellark visibly relaxed in relief. "Yes, she'll be gone for at least a month, maybe longer, depending on how the treatment goes." "That's good to hear!" Mrs. Everdeen looked at Mr. Mellark meaningfully. Peeta continued to eat his cookie half-heartedly until he set it down and pushed the chair out from behind him. "Do you want to see my Christmas gift? Dad let me open one early today," he asked Katniss. "Really?" Katniss turned towards her mother. "Can I open one gift early, too? The big one with the purple bow?" "We'll talk to your father about that when he gets home. Why don't you go into the living room and play with Peeta's new toy?" Katniss deflated at her mother's words. "That always means no," she muttered grumpily as she followed Peeta out of the room. Lowering himself onto the plush white carpet, Peeta pulled out a colorful toybox, inside of which was a large, remote controlled truck which he handed to Katniss. It was heavy and metallic, painted bright yellow, with a giant shovel that could be maneuvered with the remote. Katniss looked at it with wide eyes. "That's neat! Can you lift that race car with it?" she said with excitement. "Yeah. Watch." He took a red matchbox car and set it inside. "You just use this lever." He showed Katniss how to use the remote, and they spent the next several minutes driving the truck around the living room and lifting toys of different sizes. As Katniss neared the doorway, she heard snatches of the conversation taking place in the kitchen, words that made her stop and listen. "You can't blame yourself. You didn't realize the extent of it," said Mrs. Everdeen to Peeta's distraught father. "But I should have! It's been going on for years. I saw the signs, Elise. I just didn't want to believe that she could be so cruel to him." He shook his head. "I don't know what to do…" "Now that you know, you have to think of your children. Was she like that with Rye and Bannock?" "I spoke to them today. She was always stern but with Peeta...it was different. She didn't want another boy. She made that clear when he was born…" "Hey!" came Peeta's voice from behind Katniss, making her leap in surprise, her stomach twisted in knots. "Want to watch tv?" Katniss stepped away from the door so as not to be seen by her mother or Mr. Mellark. She looked at Peeta's face as if seeing it for the first time, - the enormous wound that swallowed his cheek - and was seized with sudden pity. Without saying a word, she nodded and sat down next to him, staring at him surreptitiously while he turned on one of his cartoon channels. He stared fixedly at the screen as if seeing and yet not seeing what was in front of him. "Mom's in jail," he whispered at length. Katniss brought her hand up to hide the expression of horror that crossed her face. All she could imagine was police cars and sirens and burly officers taking the tall, thin woman away to a stone building with bars. "Why?" Peeta turned to look at her with eyes gone wide. "It's my fault. I was bad, and she hit me. Now she's in jail." Katniss shook her head in confusion, recalling what her mother had said to Mr. Everdeen, finding it hard to put into words what she had understood, so she instead she said, "Delly always said your mom was mean." Peeta put his head down as she spoke. "When mom gets mad at me, she doesn't hit me, and Delly's mom doesn't hit her." "Still..." he said uncertainly. It was then that Katniss saw that he was crying, though he tried