The moon hung low in the horizon, a shining pearl that gleamed bright against the velvet backdrop. Stars dotted the indigo sky, their light sparkling like diamonds on the placid surface of the dark spring hiding in the shadows below. Peeta stood at the crest, looking over the valley, searching. His kilt fluttered softly in the warm evening breeze, the hem flipping just enough to give Katniss a teasing glimpse of the strong thighs she knew were hidden beneath. The Clan Mellark plaid casually thrown over his shoulder was still held in place by the simple clasp she had fashioned for him using horn from the stag she had taken down with her bow shortly after arriving...here, wherever, whenever it was. Crystalline blue eyes shone bright in the moonlight as they landed upon where she stood in the meadow below. Recognition blazed in their depths as he started towards her with wide, purposeful strides. The lace cuffs of his linen shirt were pushed up to his elbows, affording Katniss a view of Peeta's gloriously toned forearms, forged by years of sword play, making her pulse quicken as he neared. 'Mine,' the fiercely possessive look on his face made her breath hitch in her throat. She knew what it meant, and the resulting rush of desire low in her belly left her light-headed and aching for his touch. Trembling, she waited for him to finally reach her, anticipating the moment when he would take her in his arms, and make her forget her own name. Soon, and yet not soon enough, Peeta stood before her, his mouth quirked into the half-smile that melted her inhibitions like butter. His eyes bored into hers, promising delights soon to come. Like a moth to a flame, Katniss felt herself being drawn to the sparkling blue depths, unable to resist the allure of his powerful body. With slow tenderness, Peeta reached out, and brought her hand to his lips for a feather-light kiss to her palm. The seemingly innocent gesture sent bolts of liquid fire racing through her veins, making her skin tingle with awareness, causing her nipples to tighten into sensitive buds. Still holding her hand, Peeta leaned close enough that she felt the caress of his warm breath over her neck. " Mo dubh ," he whispered before playfully nipping the soft lobe of her ear. Katniss moaned and swayed towards him as he finally released her, carding his hands through her hair, loosening the dark strands from her braid. He painted her jaw with kisses as soft as dandelion fluff, carefully avoiding her lips and driving her into a frenzy of need. Her own hands worked their way over Peeta's back, pulling their bodies together as her short nails dug into the soft skin of his spine, eliciting hearty growls of pleasure from his throat. She could feel the hardened length of him pressed up against her belly, long and thick, and pushed back against him, crushing her breasts to his chest in a desperate attempt to feel more. With a speed that took her breath away, Peeta scooped Katniss up into his arms, and carried her deeper into the meadow, where the honeysuckle grew haphazardly among daisies and clover. Setting her back down on shaky legs, he skillfully pulled the plaid off his shoulder to spread it upon the dewy ground. "Come, me black-haired lass," he urged as he sat upon the baby-fine wool, waiting for her with an outstretched hand. Katniss was incapable of resisting, practically falling into his embrace as his strong hands pulled her down and underneath his powerful body. The movements caused her hide leggings to rub against the increasing wetness between her legs, and her hips arched upwards in response, desperate to connect to the hardness she'd felt before, now poorly concealed by his kilt. "Oh, Peeta!" she cried out, her actions earning a throaty groan in response as he pushed back against her waiting heat. Katniss was on the brink of exploding when he hooked his foot around her calf, and with skill learned over years of sparring with his brothers, flipped them so that she now straddled his hips. With a tug on the end of her unraveling braid, he pulled her close to capture her mouth in a searing kiss. Katniss' own hands buried themselves in Peeta's soft golden curls, scraping along his scalp as she ground her lower body against his, searching for relief. "Ach, lass," he panted as Katniss trailed her lips along his chiseled jaw, "I must have ye, or I'll surely perish from the wanting." His words, spoken with such hunger, served as kindling to the fire that already burned deep inside her belly. Katniss straightened, and with her heart pounding in her throat, pulled her suede tunic over her head, revealing her breasts to Peeta's heated gaze. " Brèagha …" Peeta sighed reverently as he cupped the soft mounds in his large palms. Calloused thumbs wound about the dusky peaks in slow, torturous circles, making them pucker and push towards his waiting mouth. Inarticulate sounds poured from her throat as Peeta's warm tongue replaced his hands, lavishing attention on first one, then the other breast. She held his head close, never wanting the blissful feelings to stop. Katniss, unaware, mimicked the motion of his tongue with her hips, spiking the heat between them to a fever pitch. Peeta kept her steady as she gave herself over to her primal instincts, grinding her pelvis into his as she climbed to the heights. Suddenly, with an arch of his hips, Peeta helped her reach the precipice, and she came with a scream that echoed throughout the valley. Boneless, Katniss sagged against Peeta as she returned to Earth, her breath coming in little pants. He chuckled as he leaned back, letting her sprawl across his chest while stroking her bare back. "I believe it's your turn," she finally managed after some moments. "Nay, lass," he answered, "Watching ye fall apart in me arms is more than enough to keep me satisfied for ages." With a stubborn tilt to her chin, Katniss stood on wobbly legs, and keeping her grey eyes locked with his blue ones, removed her deer-skin leggings to stand nude before him. "I need you, Peeta." Now it was Peeta's turn to stare. Slowly his azure eyes raked her bare form, from her slim ankles to the turn of her knee, and up to the shadowed valley between her thighs. He lingered on the little 'o' of her belly button, the perfect tear-drop shape of her breasts, and finally back to her shining silver gaze. She flushed under his scrutiny, the pink bloom spreading across her lovely olive skin, staining it dark rose in the dappled moonlight. "Dear God in Heaven." He pulled off his boots and stockings then stood, his shaking hand hovering over the clasp holding his kilt together. "Are ye sure?" he asked in a tight voice. "Yes." Katniss replied with no hesitation. Barely before the single word left her lips, the clasp came free, allowing the tartan to fall from Peeta's hips in a whisper. Katniss swallowed thickly, overwhelmed at the sight of his beauty as he pulled the linen shirt over his shoulders and tossed it aside. It seemed like only a matter of seconds before she was in his arms, his mouth plundering hers as his hands mapped the silken landscape of her body. Her blood hummed with joy at the feel of his velvety ridge, hot and insistent, trapped between their bodies and the secret place between her legs throbbed with longing. "Peeta, now," she pleaded, frantic with need, and blinded by desire. Wordlessly he pulled her back down onto the plaid, positioning her above him. Katniss held her breath as she sank down onto his hardness, reveling in the feel of him stretching her walls, and filling her completely. It was a homecoming, unlike anything she'd experienced before; certainly not with Gale, and she almost wept at how right it felt to be with Peeta in this way. They fit together perfectly, like two halves of the same heart, finally beating as one. "Katniss." Her name was a prayer on his lips; the soft burr of his accent drew out the end like a caress. As much as she would have loved to stay this way forever, with Peeta held so deep inside her body they were almost one as an ancient rhythm thrummed in her veins, she was compelled to move. Languidly she began to rock back and forth, stimulating them both with each cyclic movement of her hips. Peeta planted his feet, tilting her forward just enough so that the he grazed her womb with each thrust, causing a deep pleasure to radiate in waves to the very tips of her fingers and toes. In almost no time at all, Katniss felt the tell-tale tingle start deep within her being, and it spread as the coil wound tighter and tighter. She slowed her pace, trying to draw out the inevitable, but with a shift of Peeta's hips the coil snapped, sending her over the edge once more, into sweet oblivion. Katniss quickly recovered from her second release as Peeta quickened his pace, thrusting madly as she clenched her walls around him. Gaelic tumbled like a waterfall of nonsense from his lips, but Katniss could tell they were words of reverence, of affection. Sensing he was holding back, she leaned down, taking him deeper inside her still throbbing body, and whispered, "Let go, mo chride ." With her encouragement, the dam broke loose, and Peeta's hips bucked once, twice before he finally shouted his own release to the heavens. Later, sated and drowsy, he wrapped his plaid around their rapidly cooling bodies and locked his arms around Katniss. As sleep dragged her deeper into its embrace, she heard Peeta whisper, " Tha gaol agam ort ." XXXXX The incessant buzz of her alarm clock woke Katniss with a start. Groaning, she slapped at the plastic annoyance until she successfully hit the snooze button. In the empty silence, she rubbed her eyes, trying to cling to the last remnants of the dream—or was it a memory? After so many years, it was getting harder to distinguish actual events from the foolish wishes of her heart. Katniss glanced guiltily over to the empty side of the bed once occupied by her husband. The dreams had started not long after Gale's death, and she didn't know what to make of them. The fact that this last one had felt so real finally made her see that it was time to stop trying to forget the past, and the man she left behind. With a sigh, she pushed the twisted covers off of her body, which still pulsed with after-effects of the orgasms brought on by her dream, and headed for the shower. There was no doubt in her mind that today was going to be a long day. Perhaps the longest since she returned from her incredible journey all those years ago. XXXXX Katniss' dream made her that much more nervous throughout the day. She felt jittery when her assistant, Annie, walked into her office to remind her of one patient or the other. She dropped her stethoscope and pen, misplaced her chart and generally had to take a physical pause just to shake the memory of Peeta's hands on her body and the ghost of his lips on her skin. " Mo dubh ." He was with her, now more than ever and this intersection between her life now and the life that couldn't be was making her close to nonfunctional. Katniss paused in her tasks to steep peppermint in her tea. As she waited for the leaves to leech their essence into the water, she dabbed a few drops of lavender oil on her pulse points, taking a long drag of the floral aroma, hoping that it would help still the