Disclaimer: I don't own anything about PJO, HOO or TOA. My first fan fiction. Takes place two weeks after BOO (mid August) PERCY PEACE . It was a state of mind that Percy never thought he'd be able to associate his life with in all his years of being a demigod. Ever since his troubling days at Yancy, Percy's life seemed to have crept into a downward spiral that only seemed to get deeper. With all the demigod fuss continually robbing him of his opportunity to live a normal life, peace was definitely not something Percy thought much about. It seemed like a never ending train ride, riddled with death, gods and quests, until it abruptly came to a stop with the second Gigantomachy coming to an end. Percy finally had the chance to live what most demigods could only dream of: a normal life. No more monsters or apocalyptic missions. Or flying chicken ladies. Not even 30 ft tall giant snake-men. Just Annabeth, him and a nerve-racking mountain of textbooks. What was supposed to be a Pre-Calculus & Physics study extravaganza had turned into one of Percy's notorious snoozefests. His ADHD and dyslexia made it hard enough to study, coupled with his recently discovered laziness (or at least to him it was recently discovered), it was nearly impossible to concentrate. Annabeth being there didn't help much either. Percy either found himself staring intensively at her or his face buried in a Physics book, half asleep. This time he must've been staring because Annabeth didn't seem to notice him till she finally looked up from her Lessons of Pre-Calculus book (something she rarely did). "Percy?" Annabeth asked with a hint of worry in her voice. "Percy? You're doing it again." Annabeth's voice jolted Percy back into reality. He wanted to reply with, "Doing what?" but it came out as something along the lines of "Uhmm ugh." He could see Annabeth's lips purse together and her eyebrows plunge into that of a frown. Her eyes widened and glared on Percy. It was a face he'd seen Annabeth make a number of times before. Anger. Percy had his mental survival guide of dating Annabeth (not an easy task) nearly down by heart and he automatically knew he had crossed one of her big 'no-nos'. His mind frantically went to panic mode searching for a solution but Annabeth gave him no chance of it. "Seaweed Brain, I didn't drag you to the library at 9 o clock in the morning for you to be making googly eyes at me!" He couldn't help himself. Percy always would find himself getting lost in her adoring figure. Her curly, blonde hair, draped over her shoulder as if she was a princess. Her stormy, intelligent eyes that seemed to inspect any sight they laid upon. Her button nose or her gleaming complexion. And just like that, he was staring again. Annabeth didn't take his inattention too well. She closed the textbook in her hands with a thundering SMACK and threw it at Percy. Being captivated in her look, Percy was momentarily shocked when Annabeth hurled the book. He didn't have much time to register what was going on, and didn't notice the book till it had smacked square in the face. "Earth to Percy. Hello? Is anybody there?" Annabeth asked, waving her hands back in forth, vying for Percy's attention. "I read you loud and clear, Captain Chase." Percy mumbled. Annabeth slumped her shoulders and heaved out a sigh, "You do realize that you're supposed to be studying, right?" Percy tried to speak but Annabeth quickly continued, "I mean, the only reason we're here is so we can get you caught up on your junior year work and you don't seem to give a damn..." Once again, Percy tried to interrupt but Annabeth was on a roll, "And quite frankly if you have any aspiration of going to college in New Rome with me the very least you could do is learn the basic laws of Physics. It's not like I have to be here anyways," She bragged, while examining her watch. "I've got a well paying job as an architect on Mount Olympus.." Percy couldn't let this go on anymore. There were times were Annabeth got so full of herself, she'd lose her touch of reality and rattle off every little thing roaming in her mind. He'd once claimed it to be a trait of Athena's children during a target practice session with Annabeth at CHB, which ended up with an arrow in his podex . What Percy did next surprised himself even more than it did Annabeth. He leapt across the table they we sitting at, scattering the flash cards Annabeth had made and causing the towers of books placed around to disperse all over the place. He landed on the table with a loud thud , shaking the foundations and prompting Annabeth's mouth to be closed shut. Apparently, it was causing quite the commotion because Percy could hear the mumbling sounds of people around him getting louder and louder. He payed no attention to it and continued to swim through the table, knocking down items left and right, until he found himself face to face with his girlfriend. Before Annabeth could even react, Percy threw his arms around her and leaned into a kiss. Percy had kissed Annabeth plenty of times before, but each time it seemed like a whole new adventure. Percy's lips were firm against hers, but the kiss was gentle and soft. His body began to warm up with a pleasuring feeling of relief as he pulled her in towards him, deepening the kiss. Involuntarily, Percy's hands made their way to the back of Annabeth's head, his fingers tangling in her luscious, golden hair. He could feel a smile creeping on Annabeth's face, revealing her satisfaction. Their lips were locked in a perfect sync, eyes closed, only focusing on each other. The euphoric flame building up in Percy seemed to be scorching hot. He felt like it could go on forever until they were interrupted by a booming AHEM . Percy reluctantly broke apart to find the origin of the sound. As he looked around, he could feel his face turn a sweltering red. Seemingly, while he was sucking face with Annabeth, the whole library had encircled them. He could see people from the crowd snickering and laughing, definitely at him. Then he brought his focus towards Annabeth, who's face had became a dangerous shade of pink. She pushed Percy's hands away, turned and rose to face a lady in her opposite direction. "What do we we have going on here?", The lady inquired, putting her hands on Annabeth's shoulders. She then looked down at Percy and her face turned of that of disgust. "What are you doing on my table?" Percy had been so momentarily lost, he'd forgotten he was lying smack in the middle of the table. "Sorry Ma'm", he squeaked before scrambling off. More snickering. More laughing. After taking a quick look at the lady, Percy could easily identify her as Mrs. Gonzales, the librarian. He recognized her sunken eyes and grimacing expression; definitely someone who had yelled at him in the past before. Mrs. Gonzales shifted her attention from Percy and back to Annabeth. Apparently, Annabeth was a regular at the New York Public Library (No surprise), because Mrs. Gonzales recognized her on the spot. "Annabeth Chase!" The librarian exclaimed. "You of all people, sucking face in the library?" Annabeth's face was now a ghoulish pale. The girl of so many words had been reduced to a dumbfounded state. Percy felt bad for dragging her into all of this. Annabeth wasn't the one to go out and get herself in trouble, especially at the expense of others. Mrs. Gonzales glared back at me, still bearing her grimace. "I'd expect something like this from the boy, but from a smart girl like you? What do you have to say for yourself?" Instead of blasting out a 1000 word apology and begging for forgiveness like Percy expected, Annabeth merely snapped her fingers. Although it wasn't like a normal snap. It gave off an ear piercing sound that seemed to ripple through the whole library. A gust of wind also ensured. "Mrs. Gonzales, there is no problem here." Annabeth said, with striking confidence. "You were just wandering around. And so were the people around us. Nothing was going on here." Percy expected Mrs. Gonzales to go all psycho on Annabeth till he realized what she was doing. She was manipulating the Mist. It brought Percy back to the time Thalia had done it to get them past Ms. Gottschalk (he still couldn't believe the name) and Dr. Thorn at Westover Hall. Then he remembered how he had tried to do it against Rachael at the Hoover Dam and failed miserably. It being Annabeth, Percy didn't have too worry much. He knew she knew what she was doing. Mrs. Gonzales gave Annabeth an uneasy look, as if she was debating in her mind if she was right or not. He could see similar faces on the people around them, suddenly contemplating whether to leave the place or to keep laughing at Annabeth's foolishness. Then, in perfect synchronization, everyone closed their eyes. "Annabeth? What's going-" "Shhhhh!" Annabeth interrupted. "You'll break the trance." The people began to blink ferociously; their faces seeming to fall under the spell of the Mist. Mrs. Gonzales was the first to recover. "Yes, of course," she said. "I was just wandering around. And so were they..." Her voice trailed off to an utter silence. Then all at once, the crowd began to disperse to different parts of the library, leaving just Percy and Annabeth. A smile couldn't help but tip toe onto Percy's face. "Dude, that was awesome," He spoke, gradually moving towards his girlfriend, going in for a hug. "When'd you learn how to control the Mist?" Annabeth shoved him away. "What was that for?" She said, giving him a distasteful look. A part of Percy was shocked at her actions. He had never seen Annabeth push him away from her. He considered himself to be completely irresistible to Annabeth. There is something wrong he thought Something seriously wrong. "Annabeth? What's wrong?" Percy asked, taking a seat on the opposite side of the table. "It's just these-" Her voice came to an unexpected stop. She put her hands to her head as if she was seriously irritated. Percy could see the color drain from her face, giving her that ghoulish look. Now he was seriously worried. "Annabeth! Annabeth? Please, what's wrong?" Percy said, his voice lingering with utter concern. He sped over to her and took her in his arms. As soon as he touched her, he could see the color return back to her face. In a matter of seconds she looked like nothing had happened. "Annabeth," Percy asked, for what seemed to be the millionth time. "What's wrong?" "Nothing...nothing at all." Percy wasn't convinced a single bit. He knew that Annabeth sometimes hid things, but ever since they started going out she was an open book. She never kept anything away from him. Whatever it was that she is hiding must be really bad Percy thought. Annabeth gave him a smile, which Percy knew was a signal for change the conversion . "What was that for?" She asked. "What?" "The kiss, Seaweed Brain." "Oh," Percy's mind went blank. He hadn't really known why he'd leapt over the table and kissed her; he just had a sudden impulse to do so. "I was just thinking about you..." Percy stammered Annabeth slumped her shoulders, showing her displeasure. She took a seat adjacent to Percy and sighed, her head resting on her hands. "Uh-huh" "...and me," Percy continued, drifting away in his thoughts. "A new life together. A peaceful life. No more demigod drama. New Rome. Our anniversary in 4 days..." At the last set of words Percy