Hey readers, I know it's been awhile since I written anything because I have been dealing with some very personal life issues and health issues. I apologize for my absence. It wasn't until I saw Fantastic Beasts that my muse came back to me. It reawakened what I thought was lost. The magic of that world filled me up again and I was alive. Some may say that I put too much stock into it but it is truly the one place where I feel at home. Yes, there were some scenes that were difficult for me but it was a reminder of how much stronger I have become and how I rose above it. I saw myself a lot in Newt Scamander, I have the same drive to make the world better and how I want to open people's minds when it comes to what I'm passionate about. Aimee Phillips, Paulene Petrutis, and Tressa Teetsel were the true inspirations of the story and brought life to it. They are my muses. Thank you for being amazing helps. This story is from my heart and I hope that it is something people will take some good into their hearts and take with them. I truly hope that Serena's story inspires. It opens doors and hearts. Thank you for everything. Please feel free to give feedback or feels about the story. Love, DJ Vivian Disclaimer: I don't own the characters or rights to Harry Potter. According to the Muggle newscasters, they were entering the hottest summer yet. That did not fazed the fourteen year old girl, who was nose deep in her most favorite book: Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them. It was very different from the copies sold at the Wizarding Book Shoppe, Flourish and Blotts. What she had was extremely rare, from what her mother, Petra Temple said. It was what Newt Scamander's journal of magical creature that he encountered on his world travels. To Serena, it most definitely showed the binding was cracked from age, the pages needed care due to being so tattered but the writing was still perfectly clear. Each notation held such description of what he saw. So much that it felt like she was experiencing his discoveries with him. What made it even more special, there was a family rumor that the famed Magizoologist was a direct descendant. Making the item a family heirloom. The truth behind Newt belonging to their family was debatable. Nonetheless, it was a fascinating bit of history in any case. If it were truth, then it explained Serena's immense love and interest for subject. That was one thing that separated the dark haired girl from the rest of her family. Both parents worked as gifted tailors. Most of their masterpieces ended up being sold in Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions. Not to mention, it saved the family a trip to Diagon Alley for school robes each year. They took pride in what they did and the journey that brought them to where they were in life. During Lord Voldemort's first rise to power, the couple had been among among the few Slytherins who did not join his followers. True living prove that not all Slytherins were dark hearted, power hungry bigots. Honestly, they never approved of the Pureblood mindset that anyone of lesser genetic gene pool were the scum of the Wizarding World. Impressing that very important fact on their three children. In fact, their oldest son, Jacob had been Sorted into Gryffindor and currently employed at the Ministry of Magic in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. His latest letter home mentioned that he had been promoted to Junior Wizengamot a couple days ago due to his case load had grown incredibly fast since tragic events that occurred at the Tri-Wizard Tournament. Missing people, mysterious deaths, and the Ministry trying to cover up sinister truths. That was according to her father, he mistrusted the Minister ever since the disturbing Death Eater march at the Quidditch World Cup. His words were confirmed by the propaganda that was written by the Daily Prophet. How Harry had made up Voldemort returning in the Graveyard. He needed to keep his fame going. The Ministry wanted to maintain a positive reputation, even if it meant discrediting a teenaged boy. Her parents said after Cedric's death that history was starting to repeat itself in the most darkening way, there was an obvious eeriness in the air of impending dangers. It was only a matter of time. From the little that Serena knew about her schoolmate, he seemed to hate the fame quite a bit. That was just on an observant level, she didn't know him personally. Friends were something she didn't have any of due many students thinking that she was difficult to be around, annoying. Except one, who was a fellow housemate named, Luna Lovegood. She was the only other person who understood Serena's immense love for different mythological animals. The blonde Ravenclaw was also seen as eccentric by other schoolmates. Other than that, Serena didn't know how to make friends. Most were into Quidditch or the Dark Arts, things that she knew very little about. Or felt it was worth her time to dive deep into. Books and Magical Creatures were all she needed. Serena spent her time, in the library or in her dormitory doing personal research. It didn't stop her parents from insisting that she at least make an effort to make friends. Serena was currently laying on her bed completely emerged in her reading of her mentor's words, she had started her own journal on the creatures she learned about in her Care of Magical Creatures class at Hogwarts and what she had seen on her own. Hagrid had expansive knowledge due to handling creatures in the Forbidden Forest and in the castle. However, there were things that couldn't be taught by a professor. Newt knew this as did Serena. The young woman tucked a strand of dark brown hair behind her right ear as she made notations in her journal while reading the section on Thestrals. It intrigued the girl on how their tail hairs provided wands with so much magic. Also how some had a mental link with wizards throughout the ages especially with those who were Seers or Legillimens. Most thought of the horses as omens of death by their dragon like appearance, plus they were visible to those who had seen death. They were honestly in the minds of Serena and Newt Scamander, quite the opposite. Then again, most creatures that he wrote about were vastly misunderstood. The reason why he wanted to write the book, to hopefully educate the Wizarding Community about what dwelled with them. That was what Serena hoped to take a bit further and find anything that still remained to be unknown. "Rena!" Her seven year old brother, Eric shouted from the foot of the staircase. "Jake and Lex will be here soon!" He called up in excitement. The entire morning had been buzzing in regards to their eldest brother and new wife for a celebratory dinner in honor of Jake's new position act the Ministry. The young woman sighed in disgruntled annoyance. So much for studying... she thought unamused to herself as she placed her quill in the crease of her journal. Both books went back into their safe, hidden home in the back of Serena's desk. "Eric, there isn't any need to shout through the house like that," their mother lightly scolded him from the room that she was in. "You can knock on her door to tell her but I'm sure that she remembers." The woman said, before returning to last minute details. Serena was reminded for the past week by both Eric and their mother. After checking her appearance in the floor length mirror next to her desk, Serena opened her door to the seven year old looking up at her expectantly. "Jake and Lex are coming soon," Eric repeated less enthusiastically, but almost in a mocking tone. He turned on his heels, retreating back down the stairs. Serena followed behind him, when she heard the flapping sounds of her owl entering from the back window. A package was held tightly in the brown blackish owl's talons. With perfected timing, it hit the wooden floor with a thud in front of her feet. Aequo Animo, which translated to peaceful soul in English clicked his beak in expectation of a reward for his finished deed. Serena stroked his head. "Oh hello there, were we on a secret mission?" She smiled at the bird, Mo hooted in reply and nipped lightly at her finger when she stroked under his chin. He had been a gift from her parents upon her first year at Hogwarts. They instantly connected, she did with most creatures. After kissing Mo's head, she walked to the lounge where they kept a magical self refilling pouch of owl treats. Mo happily ate the treats while Serena examined the brown paper packaged parcel. Maybe it was something that her mother or father had gotten for the school year. Possibly some more fabrics for work. The young woman went to pick it up and deliver it to her parents. That was when something faintly written on the upper left corner caught her eye. Even more strangely, it was her name scrawled in slightly sloppy handwriting. She searched for the sender's name but nothing else was there. A part of her wondered if this was not some kind of dangerous attack from Death Eaters? It was a silly thought but still one couldn't afford to be too careful. Her curiosity soon got the best of her. She slowly removed the paper wrapped, holding her breath. She wished that her wand was close by just in case. Once unwrapped, she stared in complete puzzlement at what was revealed. A very old looking brown suitcase laid upon the floor. A leather handle protruded from the front side of it, two locks on either corner. Just an ordinary suitcase, to be sure Serena opened it up. Nothing was inside but an envelope with yet again her name in the same handwriting. Maybe it would say why the suitcase was sent to her and by whom. To her dismay, all the letter said was, 'Handle with great care,' was all the mysterious letter said, no explanation of what it was or who had sent it. What was there to take great care of? Must have been a stupid prank from Jake. That was the most logical answer, nothing else made sense. Feeling completely silly and annoyed, she grabbed it to take upstairs. Serena would confront him about it later at dinner. She lazily tossed the antique item on her bed, there was still time to finish what she had been doing before being interrupted. Pulling both her journal and Newt's out of their hidden spot, a faint click of something unlatching came from her bed. Quickly the young woman turned around to see one of the locks had come undone on the suitcase. Her heart finally calmed down as she realized how silly her reaction was. Obviously, the locks was broken, her father could easily fix it. But then again, it wasn't anything worth keeping anyway. For now, she tied a strap from one of her old robes around it to secure the broken item. She was barely comfortable but Eric's overjoyed small voice floated to her room from the foyer. "Jake! Lex!" This was soon followed by their parents' fond greetings towards the couple. She anticipated her mother beckoning her anytime for dinner and to say hello to their guests. As if on cue. "Serena, come down, your brother is here," Petra called up to her daughter and most likely ushering the others into the kitchen for appetizers and tea. The young woman placed her books back in their hidden space and prepared herself for the impact of how beautiful