Hello and Happy Holidays everyone! This idea popped in my head a while back and I was finally able to finish it just in time for the holidays. It was a way for me to get out of my writers block for my other story G,G,L. For those who haven't read it, please check it out. I have never read a story, or seen a movie that celebrates Christmas this way, so I just wanted to see how it would go putting this out there. This is a combination of how my family celebrates Christmas, and how I wish to someday celebrate Christmas, once I have a family of my own. This story is all fluff, with a little bit of plot. Mild language, and some suggestive content. Disclaimer: All mistakes are mine, I apologize ahead of time. I don't own Rick Riordan's characters, I simply twisted them into my own story. MEET THE JACKSONS Percy Sun rays where shine across the sky as I slowly wake up to another beautiful day. A smile makes its way across my face as I remember the night before and how I made love to the love of my life. I look over at her and smile at how her curly locks are scattered across the pillow, face down, hand under her cheek, her right leg hitched around my hips. Gods, she's beautiful . My hand reaches for her leg, pulling it tighter, and her body with it, as I reach over and whisper kisses along her cheek and neck. A soft moan emanates from her lips. My eyes meet hers, awake and sleepy, grey silver pools stare back at me, smiling. My thumb strokes her face and she smiles at me, morning breath and all. "Good morning," she whispers sweetly. "Morning, beautiful," I smile back. Her arms wrap around me as she snuggles into me. "I don't want to get up," she whines childishly. I chuckle, the irony not lost on me. "Come on, I thought you were supposed to be the responsible one." "It's boring being responsible all the time. Why can't you be it for a change?" she pouts at me, lifting herself in order to look at me. "You do have a point there, Mrs. Jackson," I agree, teasingly. "Of course I do, Mr. Jackson." She smiles, having won her argument. She leans down to give me a long sweet kiss on the lips. Just as soon as I start getting into it she gets up, ending it. "I always do. Now, go wake the twins." "Tease," I admonish. She shrugs and grabs a pair of shorts and one of my t-shirts, then makes her way to the kitchen. Once I'm dressed with pants and a shirt, I make my way to the boys' room. I open the door to their rooms and sigh at the mess awaiting me. Toys scattered all over the floor; Legos, race cars, dinosaurs, building blocks, even shoes… and is that chocolate milk stains on the carpet? They have bunk beds because they wanted more room to play. Boys. The beds are in the left-side corner, a large window facing the door, and on the right side was their closet, toy trunk, and book shelf. Annabeth insisted. I turned off their baseball nightlight and headed for the window, opening the blinds and letting the morning sun shine through. "Come on boys, time to get up, we have a long day ahead of us." I exclaim cheerfully. Simultaneous groans come out from under the covers of both beds, their heads hiding. I grin, as an idea hits me. I reach over Aiden's bed and start tickling, he squirms instantly. I pick him up as he squeals and throw him gently onto Adam's bed as they giggle uncontrollably with my tickle assault. "Daddy! Stop! Stop!" they scream, delighted. "Magic word," I sing-song. "Please, please!" "Ok, I'll stop." I grin, releasing them, letting them catch their breath. Their dark hair scattered across their heads. They are spitting images of me. Hair, nose, face, everything. Except their eyes, they have their mother's eyes. Two pairs of sparkly grey orbs look up at me, giggling, hands wavering. My beautiful boys just turned four this October. Adrien and Adam. Annabeth and I were shocked when we found out we were having twins, but once we got over that, we were overjoyed. I did not let Annabeth out of my sight for more than a minute, and I was on stand-by whenever she so much as winced. Of course she wasn't amused but I told her to get over it because I wasn't going to stop, not even if I wanted to. "Daddy, are we going to get the Chwistmas twee today?" Adam asked, Adrien agreeing. "Yes we are, but first we have to go Christmas shopping. Don't you guys want to buy something for your mommy?" I asked, standing up. They followed excitedly. "Can we buy her a reindeer?" Adrien asked. "Or an elf?" Adam added. I chuckled, taking out their clothes for the day. "Sorry, fellas. We can't afford to feed a reindeer. And I'm pretty sure we don't need any elves running around if we have you two." They snickered and started taking off their PJs as I helped them get into their clothes. I can't say I don't like doing this every day. Annabeth "Mom, have you seen my red scarf? I can't find it." Perla walks into the kitchen, searching for her scarf. Percy gave it to her for her seventh birthday this year. She doesn't go anywhere without it. "Have you checked the living room, honey?" I ask without batting an eye as I finish up breakfast, French toast with strawberries, honey and whip cream along with some delicious hot chocolate. "Ooh, that smells good. Can I have a strawberry?" Alexander walks in, picking at the strawberries. I slap his hand away, "No. not until breakfast," he pouts. At thirteen years old, he has mastered his powers against me. "That will not work, mister, now go wash your hands so you can help me set the table." He sighs but does what he's told. "Can we help too mommy?" I hear the twins running down the stairs, tumbling over each other. I sigh and smile gently. Boys . Once the table is set, we all fix our plates and sit down to eat. Once everyone has taken a bite, conversation ensues. "Mommy, Daddy says we can't have a reindeer," Adam comments. I give Percy a questioning look, and he just shrugs at me. "I think Daddy is right. Are you two going to be responsible for it?" they both stare at me, not knowing what I just asked. "What's wesponsibe?" Adrien asks. "The fact that you guys don't know what it means, means you can't have one," Alexander states. "Alexander, don't be mean to your brothers," Percy admonishes. "I wasn't being mean, it was just a comment." "That's true. If I can't have a Pegasus, they can't have a reindeer," Perla agrees. Percy and I smile at each other. "Alright," Percy announces standing up and picking his plate up. "Who's ready for some Christmas shopping?" All at once, the kids get up, running towards the sink to wash off their plates, beating Percy. They are well trained, if I do say so myself. I refused to wash dishes and let my children be slobs, as well as my husband. We decide to go to Fashion Valley mall. The kids want to buy presents for their cousins, Grover, Thalia, Nico, and Bianca. "Are your parents joining us this year?" I ask Percy, as we stroll behind the kids, hand in hand. "Yeah. Dad didn't want to leave the aquarium unattended before the holidays, but since the animals were doing well, they decided to close. The workers still have to go and check up on the animals though, but they won't have to work full shifts." Percy's dad owned Poseidon Aquarium in Montauk. We take the kids there every summer and they love the beach and playing with the animals, and of course their grandparents. 'Oh, that's great. When will they get here?" "The 18th. If that's ok?" He looks at me, questioning, when he knows it is completely fine. "Of course. We have to set up the guest room for them, and the kids need to agree on a present to give to them." He nods, agreeing. We stroll for a few more hours, and when the kids find some store they want to go into, we follow them. When the kids wanted to look at toys to give to their cousins, we had to separate. I went with Perla and Percy took the boys. In the end Perla and I ended up going to clothing stores, both of us wanting new outfits for the holidays. "Mommy, what about this one?" Perla asks showing me a hot pink fluffy dress. Uh… no . "Honey, its Christmas. Don't you want a prettier dress that makes you feel like a queen instead of a princess?" Her face scrunches up in confusion, her dark curls getting in her face. Percy says she looks just like me except for the dark hair with green eyes. She's beautiful. "But mommy, I can't be queen, Daddy will get mad." "Why would he get mad?" "Because he always says that you are his queen and I'm his princess," She declares, her head nodding. "Oh, of course, how could I forget? But you know, you would be queen someday, might as well start practicing now." I smile down at her, and her face brightens, already running around to find the perfect Christmas dress. Percy The boys were giving me whiplash. We ended up in Target and the twins are on a rampage finding every possible toy in every aisle and putting it into the cart. I try to tell them that we are not buying all of these, but it doesn't seem to faze them. "Dad, can I go look at the clothes?" Alexander asks me after he seems to lose interest on the twins search for perfect toys. "Um, what for, Alex?" "Um, I uh…" he coughs, blushing. This should be good. "I want to wear something nice." "Really?" I muse, questioning. "Since when do you want to look nice? Your mother use to always pester you on dressing up for the holidays." "Don't make me say it dad," he begs, his eyes pleading. "Man to man, you can tell me. I'm listening, Alex." He looks at me, debating, then seems to brace himself for what he's going to say next. "I like Reyna," he whispers. " Like her like her?" I egg on. I suspected it, but it's good to have some evidence. Reyna is Leo and Calypso's daughter. She is fourteen and I'm sure Alex is self-conscious of liking an older woman . But then again, they're only five months apart. Ah, young love . "Yes," he confirms, lowering his head in embarrassment. "Alex, there is nothing wrong with liking Reyna. She is a beautiful girl and you guys are best friends, how could you not like her?" "So it's not weird? Since I've known her my whole life?" "Kid, do you know how old we were when me and your mom met?" he shakes his head. "We were six. Our parents met and became good friends. Your mother and I became the best of friends, we were inseparable. She was my first kiss, first girlfriend, first everything." "Wow, I never knew that," he comments, a toothy grin escapes him. "Should I tell her?" "I think you should do whatever you feel is right. Go with your heart." He smiles determined, and nods as I pat his shoulder. We all reunite around lunchtime, the kids vote for sushi so we walk towards the food court with our food in hand. Perla tells me that she bought a burgundy dress, with a