A New Beginning Harry Potter stood watching people walking around Kings Cross station and wondered what to do next. He had been dumped at Kings Cross by his Uncle who had fled in the car as quickly as possible. The instructions that the giant Hagrid had given had seemed vague to say the least, and he certainly could not see a Platform 9 ¾, and to ask about a platform that didn't exist seemed stupid. Another thing that puzzled him was the fact that he was in the middle of one of the most busiest railway stations in the country and yet nobody seemed to notice the fact he had a snowy white Owl in a cage. "Going my way?" a girl's voice interrupted his thoughts. "Um... No" Harry replied. He was fairly sure that he shouldn't talk to most people about going to Hogwarts. "It's okay" replied the red haired girl, "I'm going to Hogwarts too. You just looked a little lost, so I presume that you are a Muggleborn" "Well my Mum was" Harry replied, relieved that the girl might know how to get onto this mystery platform. "My dad was a wizard" he added. " Was ?" "They died when I was a year old, or so I was told. I've not been told the entire truth really" "Oh?" "Well I grew up not knowing I was a wizard and being told all the time my parents were drunks and died in a car crash" "Oh" the girl repeated. "Where is your family?" she asked as she glanced around. "I live with Muggles" Harry replied. "Not that fond of magic... Or me" "They left you on your own without any kind of instructions or help?" the girl sounded completely shocked at such a thing. "I've been in worse situations" he shrugged. "What's your name?" asked the girl. "I'm Susan Bones" "Oh, hello, Susan... I'm Harry Potter" " The Harry Potter?" the girl gasped. "Please not another fan..." Harry groaned. He was beginning to wonder how many people would act like this Susan in all his years to come. He hated being famous for something that happened on the night of his parents death. "I guess you have got that a lot recently. I bet it was a surprise when one of the teachers told you all about your history and fame" "Actually" Harry frowned, "It was a big giant called Hagrid" " Him ?" Susan exclaimed. "Was that wrong?" frowned Harry again. "Well..." Susan seemed puzzled and confused by something, "It is just that it is supposed to be a teacher that comes and tells everybody about magic – if they didn't know about it of course" she added. "Wait a minute... If you didn't know you was magical, then how did you get the money to pay for all this stuff?" "Hagrid took me to that bank and gave them my key" "Why would he have your key?" "I think he said something about Dumbledore. Mind you, he seemed very interested in moving something from another vault" Harry replied. "You know, my Aunt should know about this. Having the key to a vault when you are not entitled to have it is a very serious offence. Your family could bring charges against Dumbledore and Hagrid" "I don't think that Hagrid really knew. I do not want to be rude or anything, but he seems a little..." "Simple?" "Yeah" "I suppose he is really" Harry admitted. "Anyway, why would your Aunt want to know about me and what happened?" "Oh, she's an Auror" and at Harry's blank look the girl sighed. "Aurors are the people who go round upholding the law and stuff" "So like policemen and policewomen" "Yeah, but just with magic to help them" "Well how can we see her? We've got to get the train to Hogwarts" "Oh, we'll Portkey there... I'll explain in the way there" and Susan glanced around for a moment before pulling Harry and his things towards a tall black man in a purple suit. "Hi, Kingsley" "Hello, Susan... Something wrong?" he asked in a deep and soothing voice. "I think so" Susan replied. "This is Harry. He's just told me some very funny things about how he learned magic and was placed with Muggles after his parents died" "That happens" said the tall man. He noticed Harry staring at him with some puzzlement and wonder. "Can I help you?" "I think that is why Susan dragged me here" Harry replied. "But if you mean right now, I'm really sorry. It is just that I have never seen a black person before in real life. There arn't any where I come from" "I see..." the tall man shrugged. "And Hagrid had Harry's vault key" "Really?" the man's eyebrows rose in surprise. "That is a very serious offence, young man. What is your surname?" "Potter" and the man that Susan had called Kingsley looked to Harry's forehead, saw the scar and blinked in surprise. "Yes, Susan... I think you have done the right thing. I had better take you to see my boss, Susan's Aunt. As it is now past 11am, I will arrange for both of you to Portkey over to Hogwarts later on. Although" he added with a sigh as another girl came rushing towards them, "It might be transport for three. Hello, Hannah" "Hannah!" "Susan!" "Hannah!" "Susan!" "Hannah!" "Susan!" "Are they always like that?" asked Harry. "Yes. There are times, Mr Potter, that I wish I could curse them. Young girls are the bane of my life" and he glanced down at Harry. "I'd better take you to see my boss" and after a few moments, Harry, the man, Susan and Hannah had all vanished from the station. # # # # # If Harry had thought that Kings Cross was a mass of people, then the Ministry was even more busy. People rushed backwards and forwards and queues formed every which way and round – so much so that Harry began to get dizzy just for looking. The four of them bypassed one of the queues before getting into a lift and heading to the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. A few minutes later, and passing through some sort of scanner, Kingsley opened a door and allowed the three children to enter the office beyond. "Susan?" a woman wearing robes and a monocle looked up from an awful amount of paperwork. "Hi, Auntie" "What has happened?" she asked the girl, but the question was directed towards the Auror. "Susan found this boy and discovered that some crimes had been committed. Hannah turned up, they all missed the train so I brought them here for you to decide what to do" "Could you not have sorted it out yourself, Kingsley?" "Well I could have done so, certainly, but when I found out the name of the boy, I figured I would pass this on to higher authority" "And what is your name?" the woman, Susan's Aunt, sighed and removed her monocle. "Harry. Harry Potter" "Oh my..." "You see my point" "What are these supposed crimes?" she asked – waving the three children to a chair each. "As far as I can make out, Madam Bones" Kingsley's tone became all business like, "Illegal possession of a vault key, physical and mental abuse, disrespect towards an Ancient and Most Noble House and kidnapping" "I thought this was just going to be about the key" Harry said. "And how do you know I was abused?" "I've been trained to look out for signs of it, and I am sorry to say that I saw it in you whilst we talked and on the way here" "You had better start from the beginning" Madam Bones said. "Kidnapping?" "Mr Potter told me that Rubeus Hagrid took him from the ruins of his home, disregarded the wishes of Sirius Black and transported him to a house of Muggles who were noted Magic-Haters" "And what did Hagrid have to say about that?" "He just said that it was all on 'Dumbledore's orders' and he did was he was ordered to do" Harry said with a cringe. He spent the next hour and a half going over every bit of detail that he knew as well as that which Hagrid had told him himself. "We'll have to make a point of speaking to Hagrid – he seems to be deeply involved in this one way or the other" Madam Bones said. "I presume that, from your tone, Hagrid also had his key?" "That is my understanding" Kingsley said. "This sounds complicated and a lengthy process to look into" Madam Bones made a decision. "Auror Shaklebolt, can you please take these three reprobates to the cafe before escorting them to Hogwarts?"she gave them a smile. "My pleasure" the man grinned before letting them leave the office ahead of them. Once the door was closed, Madam Bones sighed and wondered what Dumbledore was playing at now. Over the last few years, she had become convinced that Albus Dumbledore was not the saviour and leader of the light in the way that the public portrayed him. Certain things he had done in the last ten years had made her wonder if he was quite alright in the mental department. With another sigh, she pressed a button on her desk and a short little woman walked in with red hair that went just under her shoulders. "You rang?" "We've got some work to do, Lucy. I want you to make an application for the search of Muggle premises..." # Harry spent the first part of the afternoon in the company of Susan and Hannah which was, to him, a chance to be the boy that his age said he should be. He'd seemed afraid to eat any large amount of food, half afraid the Dursleys would appear and beat him for taking more then a few scraps, but her enjoyed the soup he was given and came back several times for more. Both girls, coming from well loved families couldn't exactly understand why anybody would want to hurt a child and half starve them, but Kingsley was mentally compiling exactly what he would like to do to Harry's Aunt, Uncle and Cousin. After they had had their fill, Kingsley, or Auror Shacklebolt as he was when on duty, took the three on a short tour of the Ministry which Harry found fascinating before arranging for travel to Hogwarts. It was not that long until the students arrived and the trio took up their places with the other First Years to await sorting. "Welcome to Hogwarts. My name is Minerva McGonagall, and I am the Transfiguration teacher and Deputy Headteacher here at Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments, you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you can take your seats you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Now, while you are here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you house points. Any rule breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup" "I wonder where the troll is" muttered a boy. "We keep one near the girl's bathroom on the lower floor, young man" McGonagall said dryly. "If you wish, I can arrange for you to pay it a visit" "No, Ma'am" "Very well... You will all follow me and await your name being called out" and she led them through another set of doors and into a hall. Long tables filled the middle with older students catching looks and sizing up the newest admissions to the hallowed halls of Hogwarts. There was a little bit of a long winded speech by a man whom Harry could only assume was Albus Dumbledore before Professor McGonagall placed an old hat on a three legged stool. "What is that?" whispered Harry. "I