Disclaimer: PJO= not mine Loser. The hated name Annabeth Chase had been called thousands of times in her junior year alone. It wasn't that she hated it per say, but she wished the unoriginal bastards that called her Loser would come up with something better. Something more interesting. She had even slipped a sheet of new insulting names to be called in one of her bullies' locker. It was a shame that all those names had to go to waste, probably disappearing in the sea of papers that overflowed the locker. One of those uninspired jerks was Percy Jackson. He was different, sort of. He still laughed whenever one of his buddies messed with her, but lately she'd seen him hanging in the back of the crowd, drawing the least attention, and staring at her. Simply staring. He was cheerleader/athlete-type popular in the school, but there was nothing significant about him, in her opinion. He was just there , a simple boy that everyone fawned over for what? His looks? The fact that, in one summer, he managed to transition from that scrawny freshman to the athletic sophomore? Okay, his looks were one thing, but there was noting besides that. Percy and his army of harebrained idiots were as shallow as a kiddie pool. Well, she couldn't know that for sure. She'd never actually talked to him. They had been in the same classes since middle school, but not once did she bother talking to him. And then, sophomore year, when he was finally started to make friends, he chose the crowd that targeted the ones who they felt were insignificant. And, unfortunately, that included Annabeth. Well, yeah, he had said some things about her, but never to her face, unlike Octavian and his lackeys. But of all the things she'd heard him say, not once did he ever call her a loser. And she sort of respected that. And, one day, that changed too. Annabeth didn't know why she even cared when he said it. She had been called loser so many times it was almost like a second name to her. She didn't mind, really. The hurtfulness of the name she had been dubbed had worn off long ago. But, one day, after a annoyingly long class, the teacher told her to clear the board. Sighing, she shuffled to the front of the class, ignoring the crowd of students exiting. A few pulled her hair, shoving her into the board, but she gritted her teeth and grabbed the eraser. When she noticed the bright yellow words behind dull white writing, she dropped the eraser and stared, her blood boiling. How had Mrs. Dodds missed that? Were they so fixated on getting a reaction out of her that they resorted to public humiliation? "YOU'RE A LOSER" Her face flushed red when she heard the laughing behind her. Drew Tanaka, another nobody who was popular simply because she was a slut and was dating the right person at the moment, held her phone up, cackling at Annabeth's expression. Octavian and Percy were there too, along with several other students, one of which was the editor of the school's gossip column, The Dirt . "Smile for us, Loser Queen," Percy yelled. His eyes were unnervingly dark, as if he regretted what he was doing, yet his mouth told another story. Octavian clapped Percy on the back, and Annabeth knew exactly why he was doing this. The were laughing, and Annabeth had to count backwards from 50 to calm her nerves. And then, she smiled, catching them all off guard. After the editor took a picture, Annabeth started clapping, and they all abruptly stopped. "This was all I asked for. An ounce of originality! My wish was finally granted. Thank you for your consideration of making a Loser feel special." Her voice dripped with sarcasm. She wiped the board vigorously, and slammed the eraser down, caking herself with chalk dust, not even bothering with the places she missed. As she walked back down the row of chairs back to her bag, Percy handed it to her silently, their eyes meeting. His eyes screamed 'I'm sorry' but she ignored it, walking out of the classroom with forced calm. Her body tensed, but she relaxed quickly, not wanting him to know how much his presence bothered her. She opened her locker, thankful to have a wall between them. "Can I help you, Percy?" He hesitated. "Well, you haven't talked to me in years, why start now?" Annabeth asked, narrowing her eyes at the inside of her locker. "I..."he hesitated. "I wanted to say I'm sorry." "Why, I'm not sure what you're talking about, Percy." "This morning?" he asked desperately. Annabeth paused, her hand hovering above the textbook she was going to grab. She bit her lip. "I'm not mad, if that's what you're so anxious about, Percy." His eyebrows knitted. "But I embarrassed you and-" He stopped and stared at her with confusion when she rolled her eyes. "If you and your posse think you're actually hurting me with the names, I can happily assure you you're wrong. So now you can sleep at night without worrying your pretty little head and leave me the hell alone." His eyes went wide and then a ghost of a smile appeared on his face, irritating her. "I've hardly talked to you for a full five minutes and you're already the most badass person I've ever met." "I think its a little late for compliments. Besides, aren't I the Loser Queen?" Annabeth muttered, and he hung his head, scratching his neck. "I didn't mean any of that. Octavian-" "You're just trying to fit in; I get it. But next time you plan to be the new Messiah in your group, leave me out of it." She shut her locker, starting to walk away. "But...I have a question for you, Percy. If you're going out of your way to talk to a loser, what the hell does that make you?" And she walked down the hall, feeling like a major badass. "Why won't you leave me alone? Can't you get the hint; I don't fucking care you think I'm a loser or not." She didn't have to look up from her book to see he was smiling. It was lunch, and as usual, she went to her empty table near the kitchen doors. And then he had come by, simply because he 'wanted to say hi' which she didn't believe. Especially considering the rest of his table were staring at them from across the cafeteria. So she could only assume his visit wasn't on good terms. He glanced behind him, and bit his lip. "Look, just bear with me-" "Sure." She set the book down, waiting. When he hesitated, she raised an eyebrow. And then, next thing she knew, she had salad dressing in her hair, spinach on her shoulders, and mini tomatoes in her lap. Face flushed, she slammed her hands on the table and stood up to face him. Although he had a full seven inches over her, she glared up at him, her eyes blazing "Why are you even trying to talk to me?!You're such a fucking loser!" He yelled loud enough to turn almost every head in the cafeteria. For a few seconds, there was nothing but silence. Percy's "friends" were still watching, some of the grinning in approval, and Octavian watched closely with his arms crossed. He wasn't convinced. She met Percy's eyes, and she almost laughed at how pathetic he looked. "Fine. I'll play along too." she muttered. "I see you've set aside this specific time to humiliate yourself in public. That's a great observation, really; now why don't you skip along and tell that to someone who actually gives a fuck, dipshit?" Flicking a piece of spinach out of her hair, she grabbed her bag and turned sharply at her heel, ignoring some students laughing or saying rude stuff about her. "You gonna take that Perce?" Someone yelled. She stopped, and held up her middle finger for everyone see. "This is your fault, Jackson." He stayed quiet, glancing up at the clock. Detention. Some prick told a teacher about what happened at lunch and landed both of them two days after school in detention. The room was semi-empty, only the two of them and a few regulars. Percy seemed to be a regular too; he even chatted with the Latino boy named Leo in the back of the room before Mrs. Dodds had him moved next to Annabeth. "Why do you even hang out with those-" "Losers?" He asked, an eyebrow raised and an annoying smug sideways smile. She huffed in frustration "Why won't you leave me alone? I mean, one day you barely know I exist and the next you're stuck to me like glue?" Mrs Dodds looked up from her book to give the two of them a murderous look. Percy shifted to the side and spoke out of the side of his mouth. "My mom raised me like a gentleman. I can't make fun of someone I hardly know." Annabeth scoffed. "Oh, so it's okay to make fun of someone you already know ? Doesn't that just make it worse?" "You're a loser." He said bluntly, inspecting his nails. She spoke without even really thinking. "If I'm a loser, I'd hate to know what the hell you are." Percy smiled, his bright sea green eyes shining. "See? I know you don't mean it 'cause you know me." "Really? You've been calling me a loser all day and I'm just supposed to say 'Oh, he's just kidding because he's my best bud'? I don't care who you are; call me names and you're automatically on my hit list." Annabeth found that she had been more of a target than usual in the past few days. Most of the time, it was Percy leading the assaults, speaking like it was some inside joke between him and Annabeth. She didn't know if it was some kind of hazing for him, but she didn't want to be in the middle of it. It needed to stop. Eventually, she found that she was actually kind of looking forward to their encounters. After the attack Percy would hang in the back of the crowd, apologizing. So, for his sake, she played along, as if being called a loser for the zillionth and first time finally had a huge impact on her. And soon, the 'Loser game' as she'd named it, had become all that she thought about lately. She'd even gone so far as to think up comebacks for being called a loser. She wanted to know who really was the loser in this situation. Annabeth liked to think that this was more of a precautionary self defense than actually participating for Percy's sake. If they really were friends, she'd tell him how stupid it was trying to get Octavian's approval. She had no idea why people found him 'cool'. He was a beanpole, so skinny and skin so pale he looked sickly. His eyes were somewhat hollow and gaunt, a disturbing glassy blue that made her suspect he was on drugs. And, his strawlike blonde hair had been falling out, so he shaved most of it down in a stupid design that made half of the guys in their grade show up the next day with the same hairstyle. She knew his secrets; he had a fucking eating disorder and drank vodka in a water bottle during class. But she wasn't like him; if he didn't want to say anything and continue being the fraud he is, she had to respect that. And one day- she had no idea what kind of suicidal spirit came over her- she followed Octavian and Drew to the parking lot. Before she lost her nerve, she shoved him. "Hey!" He turned. "What the hell is your problem, nerd?" He asked. Annabeth actually smiled. Finally something different! It