Chapter 1 The sun was beating down on me in the most heated London sun I've ever felt. The reason I chose to stay in London, England was because I knew the sun didn't come out much, although today proved different. The weather was basically mocking me. I looked around at the small outside cafe that I was seated in. People all around me looked happy, most of them had smiles plastered on all of their faces. This morning when I woke up I knew it was going to be a terrible day. Firstly because I hated the sun, I was more of a somber person who liked rainy days. According to my psychologist it was because I saw myself as a dark person, I already knew that hence why I stopped seeing my shrink; she was telling me things I already knew. Secondly was because I was in England. Don't get me wrong I loved England; I just hated the fact that every single minute I spent here reminded me of the reason as to why I was here. My family betrayed me in every sense of the word and I just had to get out of that place. Who the fuck did they think they were by the way? I am Isabella Marie Swan heir to Charles Stefano Swan's entire empire. I took a few deep breaths to keep my mind on track the last thing I wanted was to make a scene. I took a sip of my dark coffee and tried getting my head around what had happened the last two days in California. My father was Charles Albert Swan, oldest son of my late grandfather Stefano Albert Swan. They are the two biggest and most influential Spanish mobsters that have roamed this earth. When Stefano was killed at the age of 75 he had left his empire for my father because he was the oldest out of his siblings and because he was the one with the most brains. Ever since than my father had evoked fear in almost every man that didn't see things the way he did. He basically owned California, the name Swan evoked fear on anyone that had access to a television or a newspaper. My father wasn't a bad person per se. If you were able to look past the thousands of men that have died at his hands and at the command of his word you will see the loving family guy and big softie that he actually is. About four years ago at one of our annual family dinners that consisted off about 30 mixed Spanish and Greek relatives my father made an announced that after his reign was over I would be the one to take over the family business. This of course left everyone and me at a loss for words. The first thing I bet everyone thought was the fact that I am a woman. It would be the first time in recorded history that a woman would lead an entire empire. I was stunned, but I quickly wrapped my head around it. In all honesty I always knew that I would be the one to take over. If you met my two older siblings you would understand why. Emmett was the oldest of the three of us, but he acted like the youngest. If he wasn't busy with organized crime you'd always find him with his longtime high school girlfriend, Rosalie, or you'll find him busy playing games on his Xbox. He was like a child stuck in a grown up's body, minus the killing. Rosalie was Emmett's lifeline, I think; they were made for each other and anyone could see that. She was a bitch, but probably the only real friend I have, apart from the people I were acquainted with in our social circle. Jasper was more mature than Emmett but was as naïve as they got. Every second month he brought home a new girl that he swore was his soul mate. I guess you could call him a hopeless romantic. Even though I was the youngest and to top it off a girl I had to be the brains for whenever our father send us out on missions. In our small group Emmett was our muscle his strong big built frame could almost beat down anyone that stood in his path, Jasper was our hacker and also our negotiator, he had this thing with words that could make any enemy want to sit down and listen to him and I was what they called our "G.i. Joe", but my true specialty lies with the machinery. I had the gift to disable any weapon in less than ten seconds and my shooting aim was better than that of a professional hitman's. I was a damned good fighter, but most of the time refrained from the actual battle field, just for the fact I hated when things go too messy. The three of us together were truly a force to be reckoned with. We always had each other's back doesn't matter what the situation was. In all honesty I thought that we would always be together. The situation that I was in now though proved otherwise. Two days ago during a rather uncomfortable dinner my father told me that I were to get in a physical relationship with Felix Volturi. At first I thought it was a joke, but quickly realized that he was dead serious. He explained to me that if I had a child with Felix our families would always be connected in some way. It was sick and twisted and it made me extremely nauseous. I argued with him against it and waited for Emmett and Jasper to back me up, but almost strained a vocal cord when I noticed that they were also in it. All they kept saying was that 'it could be good for business". The Volturies were an Italian mafia family that was almost as powerful as ours. They were right behind us and throughout the years they have tried to take us down, but never succeeded. Aro was the head of the Volturies and had two sons Felix and Demitri. Ever since I can remember Felix had always had a crush on me, besides a one night stand a few years back I couldn't give a rats ass about him. They were our closest rivals and I wouldn't hesitate to pull the trigger on all of them if I had to. In short Thursday's dinner was heated. It ended with me telling my father that I'll be leaving and don't know if I'll ever be coming back. He told me he'll disown me if I stepped one foot outside the front door. I didn't look back as I rushed to my Mercedes and sped off to my apartment to gather my belongings. I sighed as I set my coffee down. I'd be lying if I said being here was better than being at the mansion. I had no idea what to do with myself. On a normal day I would've been busy with the family's business, but now that my daily duties were taken away from me I had no idea what to do. When my father said he was going to disown me he meant every word. He completely cut me off of the family's banking details. Yesterday I got a text from the bank that stated I no longer held any part in the Swan's financial department. I thought the whole thing was absurd and that my father lost his fucking mind. If it wasn't for the fact that I had businesses all over the world I would have been dead broke. I don't know how long my father was going to disown me, but I made a vow that I wasn't going back home until they begged me to return. I couldn't stay for long in London though I had my own businesses to tend to back home. When I left the diner I called my driver and had him take me to the hotel that I've been staying at for the past two days. The hotel was called 'The Whales deluxe' it was a pretty shitty name, but it was one of the best hotels in the city. As I entered the lobby I heard a familiar voice calling behind me, I ignored it, hoping it was my imagination, and walked in the direction of the elevators. "Bella, why are you ignoring me?" My mother said as she came to stand in front of me. "Oh mother, I was deep in thought I didn't realize you called me" I lied as we gave each other air kisses "What are you doing here?" I asked. She took off her expensive glasses and eyed me wearily. She still looked the same as the last time I saw her, which was four months ago when she decided to visit us at the mansion. Her red hair looked too red for my liking, anyone would think that she dyed it but unfortunately that was her natural hair color. I was just thankful that I got my father's dark brown hair. "Didn't I tell you I've been in the city for nearly three weeks, I have an exhibition next week, you should come. Your brother told me what happened between you and your father. He also said you bought a one way ticket to London. Your father probably had one of his goons follow you around that's why he could tell me in which hotel you booked yourself in." "Probably you know how he is" I told her. "Oh Bella I missed you so much. You know this is actually a good thing for you. I've been telling you for years that you and your brothers should move out of that mansion, but no you never listen to me because what do I know? I've always told you your father was going to drive all of you into the ground before you're twenty five." I opened my mouth to stop her rambling, but she quickly cut me off "And dear Lord are you still dressing like a forty year old housewife. Gosh it's like I'm not even your mother. Just last year when I saw your father I told him ever since you were small you suffered from old lady syndrome. You're twenty-two, when are you ever going to loosen up? " this was the main reason why I wanted to avoid her in the first place. Whenever we saw each other she would always throw back handed compliments or plainly insult my choice of style. My father couldn't stand her, yet he still had three children with her. I was dressed in an orange sheath dress with a black Christian Louboutin ankle strap heels. I may have a dark passenger always wondering around in me, but I loved dressing up in preppy clothes. If she were any other person I would've made some kind of threat by now. Renee was the only one who had a problem with the way I dressed and that's just because she's an artist who wore 'artsy' clothes. "Mother you know I have a condition" I told her through gritted teeth. "I knew you were going to say that and you need to stop blaming that thing you have going on for everything. Don't let it control your life. In fact there's a book I want you to read it's called 'How to take back your life for dummies'. It will help you so much dear." I was completely dumbstruck by her. She always implied that my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder , otherwise known as OCD, was something I chose to live with. I was diagnosed when I was sixteen and at first it was extremely difficult and I always tried to push back the urges whenever I wanted to clean something for the umpteenth time, but over the years