Blood of a Brother: Assassination Author: Mirfaen Rating: T Disclaimer: Recognizable characters (all except Eruhir) and places belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. I am not making any money of them. Author's Note: This was done as an entry for 'Teitho,' a fanfiction contests website. (http/teitho. Check it out – awesome site!) This story won third place for the May-June contest, titled "One Title: Your Story." The challenge was to take a title they gave us, in this case "Blood of a Brother," and interpret it however you will through means of a story, adding a subtitle of your own ("Assassination"). I had a lot of fun with this one, as I did it in a style completely new to me. I hope you enjoy it and I encourage you to go to that website and see all the other entries! Reviews are welcome! I have been asked to record a strange and near fatal occurrence that took place two days ago, as it seems that I am the only one with an objective view of the event. My father, the Lord Elrond, stressed the need of having this particular recounting in writing as soon as possible and in as much detail as possible so that the reality of the incident does not become muddled. For the incident was seen through four sets of eyes, and only three am I able to gain information from. And so I sit with Eruhîr, a trusted friend who has just arrived from Rivendell, and he has agreed to write what I dictate to him. The entire episode took place in King Thranduil's realm in Mirkwood, in one clearing of the forest. I was visiting Mirkwood with Aragorn, the man who my father took in and has raised from a very young age. We were not there on business; our business was with a village outside of Mirkwood entirely but Elrond granted us permission to take an extra week for our journey and rest in the Woodland King's halls. Much of our reason for wanting to detour to Mirkwood was to visit with Legolas, the King's son and heir to the throne. So it was to our happiness that we found him on leave between a series of trade route negotiations and eager to relax in the company of friends. The clearing of which I spoke earlier is a part of Thranduil's training grounds, which are small fields separated by lengths of forest. The three of us had gone there that day to spar, a practice which was quickly becoming a tradition between us, as well as my brother, Elrohir. (Elrohir was at this time still in Rivendell, having been away at the time of Aragorn and I's departure to Mirkwood.) It was Legolas who proposed we go a number of fields farther than those already in use, so that we would have some space between us and the training camp that was taking place closer to the palace. And so we passed through at least three fields before we stopped and prepared to begin our sport. Aragorn and Legolas were the first two to match off and they began the spar without ceremony, as was also quickly becoming our custom. I stood at the edge of the clearing to give them the proper room they would need, as I have witnessed them dueling many times in the past and know that they are not ones to stay still. I shall not give every detail of the first half of the spar, as it was in all ways normal both to my eyes and to those of the contenders. I shall begin detailing, instead, at a point just before the happenings became bizzare. I was growing impressed with Aragorn's stamina, though I admit I am well aware of his hearty endurace and yet I am still impressed when I see it being displayed. His blows remained as strong as they had been when the duel began, which was now some time ago. And although Legolas was dancing circles around him, Aragorn was still keeping the Elf on his toes. This is what was in my thoughts at one point when Aragorn brought his sword down from on high in a sweeping blow. Legolas, who had come too close to leap back out of the way, bent his torso backward and twisted in a remarkable display of balance, narrowly missing the blade's sharp edge as it grazed the front of his shirt. There was an expression of slight surprise on Legolas' face as he came upright again. "Aragorn," he had said, taking a moment to look down and finger the front of his tunic. "You took a fastener." Legolas had worn a sage green tunic made of silk that day and it was now open from his neck to halfway down his chest. Aragorn had just smiled in response and said, "Then pick up your pace, or you'll be fighting shirtless." I spoke up then, not able to resist a jest, "Tighten up your defenses, Legolas, or all the maidens of Mirkwood will come running and overwhelm us all." That garnered the reaction I was hoping for, as Legolas looked away, smiling rather bashfully. One of his hands had unconsciously rose and held the shirt closed at his neck and I laughed. Aragorn chose that moment to charge in again and Legolas had to let go of his shirt to bring his two white knives before him in a block. It was around this time that I noticed a shifting in the shadows diagonally across the field from me. I took my eyes from Aragorn and Legolas for a moment to look deep into the trees there, for I knew that from time to time one of Mirkwood's famous spiders would become too greedy and dare to enter into Thranduil's compound. But I noted almost immediately that it was not any sort of wicked creature but a maiden, simple in appearances, with a hood drawn over her head as though she wished to be unobtrusive, simply a passing spectator. I smiled inwardly then, remembering my own words not moments ago. I turned my gaze back to the match to see that Aragorn had one of Legolas' hands held high above his head and turned a shoulder in, hitting Legolas in the chest forcefully enough to send him back several steps. That was one of the few advantages that the man had over his Elven companion: body weight and brute strength. Legolas accepted the blow, unfazed, and had his knives up and ready even before he'd stopped moving. It was at this point, as Aragorn was watching Legolas in an attempt to anticipate his next move, that he glanced behind Legolas and became aware that they'd drawn an observer. Then Aragorn stepped in again, not waiting for Legolas to make the first move, and their blades clashed. Aragorn twisted his wrist, freeing his sword of the knives, and thrust it in toward Legolas' neck. The Prince danced away from the blade and I began to smile for I realized what he was planning even before he began to spin to one side. Aragorn had grown used to Legolas' steady rhythm of step in, do battle, dance back, and then pause before stepping in again. I watched Legolas break his cycle now, coming in close to Aragorn without stopping to pause. Aragorn was caught unprepared and stumbled backwards, clumsily knocking the Prince's whirling blades away from him. I called out to him from the sidelines, "Never allow your adversary to lure you into a pattern. Expect the unexpected." It was a phrase I knew he'd heard more times than he could count and he predictably gave me a snort in response. But now he had recovered from being initially unprepared and he was keeping up with Legolas' rapid knife work. He saw then a perfect positioning of the Prince's knives and he used his sword to catch them next to each other, turning his own blade sideways and subsequently twisting Legolas' arms together. The Prince, to avoid cutting his arm open on Aragorn's sword, was forced to jump forward and drop to one knee in a movement that can only be described as awkward. It is at this point at which the events take an unusual turn, when their blades were locked and their eyes met. For Aragorn, as he later told me, saw in Legolas' eyes a fierce resentment, as though the man should have known better than to cause him any awkward movements. Legolas, however, had not felt resentment nor shown resentment but he and I were both puzzled by the confusion on Aragorn's features. Legolas was the first to pull out of the lock and he took one of his blades in a reverse grip and thrust it toward Aragorn's side, a thrust which to Aragorn had come dangerously close to actually injuring him. The man jumped away from the attack and brought his sword up in a defensive position, for he did not like the dark look that he saw flickering in the Prince's eyes. (A look that I myself did not witness even though I was watching their every move and a look that Legolas insists he never gave). "Easy, Legolas," Aragorn had said then with an almost nervous laugh, "I didn't mean to embarrass you." "You didn't embarrass me," Legolas replied in confusion. To Aragorn, however, his voice was uncharacteristically sarcastic. "That was a legitimate move." Aragorn's head cocked to one side. "Legolas, I've used that before on you. It didn't bother you then." Here, Aragorn reports that Legolas turned to look at the surrounding trees, where the girl still watched intently, when in reality it was Aragorn who first turned to look and Legolas followed his gaze. Aragorn then turned back to Legolas, in clear confusion and lowered his sword slightly. "Do you know her?" "No," Legolas returned slowly. Then Aragorn laughed slightly again and said, "Since when have you wanted to impress the maidens?" Aragorn then saw Legolas' expression grow dark again, though in truth he had only a look of bafflement. I watched Legolas move forward to continue their match, as Legolas said he'd seen Aragorn make a gesture with his sword that indicated he wanted to proceed. Aragorn looked very wary of Legolas as the Prince approached and according to Aragorn, Legolas had seemed to sense his uneasiness and had responded with a haughty smirk. Legolas came on in attack and the duel continued, in all appearances no different from when they first started. But Aragorn has told me that Legolas, in his eyes, had become frighteningly overzealous in his blows. The man saw the blades coming within inches of his skin and moving so quickly that they had become almost of a blur. He said he felt, amidst the flashing activity, the sharp edge of one of the knives graze over the front of his throat. To Aragorn, Legolas' face had gone completely blank, save for a deadly gleam in his eyes. To Legolas and I, however, Aragorn's behavior was becoming ever more perplexing, for he seemed to be overcompensating almost every move. He would jerk back several feet when all that was needed was to lean slightly to one side. Legolas was now watching the Ranger's moves closely for signs of overexertion, dehydration, or perhaps something else that might have been the cause of such odd behavior. Aragorn, on the other hand, saw the Elf's close scrutiny as Legolas predicting his blocks and working to find a flaw in his defenses. "Legolas, what has gotten into you?" Aragorn said, his body clearly beginning to tire. He was sweaty now from head to toe and seemed to be overheated. Legolas decided right then to stop the duel and sit Aragorn down to cool off and sort through his clearly overworked mind. But before he could voice his own thoughts, Aragorn had stepped too far back again. His foot