Blood of a Brother: Condemnation Author: Mirfaen Rating: T Disclaimer: Recognizable characters (all except Eruhir and Isorfinduil) and places belong to J.R.R.Tolkien. I am not making any money off of them. Author's Note : This is a direct sequel to Blood of a Brother: Assassination and I strongly suggest reading that one first. As Assassination was written as a one-time deal for a contest, I did not at that time expect to write a continuation any time in the near future. But one thought lead to another and here we are. I wrote Condemnation in roughly the same style as Assassination, though this time from Elrohir's point of view. I hope you all enjoy it! Please leave me a review with your thoughts! I have asked myself time and time again. What has he done to deserve such torment? It is what I asked myself as I looked into his fearful eyes in that dark room that had become our prison. What had he done in his life that called for such focused attacks on his body and mind? When had he ever purposefully wronged one of his realm? Or of any realm? Why would someone so passionately want him dead? Why would an entire household want him dead? None of that household could possibly have had personal contact with him. He has his flaws, yes, but his heart is undeniably true and in all speech and action his motives are clearly noble. One look into his eyes is like a glimpse into the ocean. An ocean of clear turquoise water with the power to destroy at the wind's bidding. I found myself looking into these eyes on the night that I experienced firsthand the power of those who wanted him dead. There was fear in those eyes, a fear that must certainly have been reflected in my own. For I was more afraid than I cared to be. I was beginning to see what he already knew. The people after the Prince's blood were in no way ameteurs in their field of work. Any royal family is bound to receive threats of assassination and even the occassional attempt but only rarely does an enemy arise that is so skilled in killing that all the King's soldiers are considered a questionable defense. And yet here we were trapped in his own bedroom with no means of escape. At least two elven soldiers stood just outside his door and yet were of no use to us. It was doubtful that they even knew of our danger. We were at the mercy of these mysterious and deadly assassins. If they chose to attack us in numbers we would surely perish. But I get ahead of myself. Let me start at the beginning. It had been roughly two months since the assassination attempt on Prince Legolas in Mirkwood's training fields. To this very day I cannot express how grateful I am to the Valar for Elladan's presence with Aragorn and Legolas on that day. Had my brother not been there to intervene the Prince would surely have been killed and subsequently Aragorn would have been sentenced to die a murderer's death within the hour. Every day since has been tense with suspicion and unease. Legolas has not been seen without a blade belted at his waist or at his back, whether it be day or night, in waking or in dream. Guards stand watch at both his doorway and the King's at all times and never let either one out of their sight. Legolas is not in favor of having constant bodyguards, however, and I can see the anger in his eyes at being forced to be on such a high guard in his own home. But it is necessary and fortunately he sees its importance. The deep slash across his chest from Aragorn's sword has healed and leaves but a faint scar that even now begins to fade. His broken knuckle is nearly healed but remains in a light brace to strengthen the bones as they rejoin. His psyche, however, remains damaged. No matter how badly it makes him feel, he cannot enter a room where Aragorn resides without hesitating ever so briefly at the doorway. He cannot talk to Aragorn without looking him in the eye with a hint of suspicion. It is devastating to all of us, including the Prince. Aragorn seems barely able to live with himself. He has always thought himself to be weak and this incident has only proved the point in his mind. The rest of us know this to be untrue and we tell him day after day that it was not his weakness that allowed the sorceress to temporarily take him over. She simply chose him because he and Legolas were sparring when she arrived. Had Elladan been paired against Legolas, she would have chosen him instead. To this Aragorn always says that we'll never know whether her mind games would have been effective on Elladan. Perhaps it had worked so easily on him because he was human. When he responds that way it grieves me for I have no pleasing answer for him. Perhaps he is right. Perhaps her sorcery would only effect the mind of a human. That is something we shall never know, as Aragorn said. He must come to the realization that if that is true it does not make him weak, it makes him human. And to be human is not to be weak, for every race has its areas of strength and weakness. If he can make this distinction perhaps he will be able to come to terms with himself but I cannot do it for him. It was this very subject that I was discussing with Legolas late one night in his quarters. The others had all retired for the night and it was just Legolas and I sitting in maroon cushioned armchairs with his door closed. He was grieving for Aragorn's inner pain and grieving that he attributed to it every time he saw the man. I went through with him what I felt Aragorn had to realize before he could crawl out of his depression. I tried to comfort him in that his instinctual reaction to the man's presence was no fault of his own and would eventually fade. But as I said my farewells to him for the night and prepared to leave, I saw that he was not comforted. His thoughts were still in turmoil. I knew that he could not sleep when he was like that and so when I got back to my room I simply changed into my night robes and headed back out again. Perhaps if we talked for another hour or so he would be at peace, at least until morning. Reaching his room again, the guards had the good grace not to inquire as to my presence, though they did give a questioning eye to my night clothes. Legolas opened the door to my knock and I saw that he had changed as well, letting his hair out of its braids to fall free and wearing only silk pants and a loose silver robe that was left open. I could see the handle of a short sword tied securely to his hip. He let me in without a word and we silently sat back down in the same chairs. It was a dark night and he had lit many candles all over the room giving it an eerie yet tranquil feel. His window was open, its airy curtains rippling in the cool nght breeze. I watched the Prince as he stared out into the dark of night. "You would think I would at least be able to mask my uncertainty and suspicion when he is around," he said finally, not turning to look at me. "Why can I not do that?" "It is instinct, Legolas," I replied quietly. "Your instincts are often what save you from grave dangers. Do not try to supress them. When he came after you you didn't know that he was being controlled by the sorceress. To you, it was truly Aragorn who was trying to kill you. It is not easy to recover from something like that." "But look at what it's doing to him," he said, finally turning away from the window to look me in the eye. Then he sighed and stood, moving toward the open window. "It is strangely cold for this early in the season," he commented. At that moment there was a faint click in the room behind us and we both turned to see nothing but his empty room and furniture. Out of the corner of my eye I caught him glancing my way as though to reassure himself that I had heard the noise as well. I rose from my chair without a word. I honestly did not think much of it – it could have been anything from a shift of the guards' armor outside to the settling of the wooden furniture in his room. But Legolas walked over to the door with quick, anxious steps and stared hard at the handle for a moment before laying his hand on it. He jiggled it then spun around. "Elrohir," he said and I could tell he was forcing his voice to remain calm. "The door is locked." "What?" I said, unconvinced. Going over to the door, I tried the handle myself, hoping against hope that he was somehow mistaken. But it was securely locked. The Prince and I shared a look, his expression wide-eyed. I shook my head as a way to tell him not to get alarmed just yet then turned and began to bang my fist against the heavy wooden door. But my knocks were met with only silence from the other side. I even called out to the guards but still received no response. Only when minutes had gone by and the only noise to be heard was my own fist against the wood did I admit with reluctance that something was very wrong. I let my hand fall to my side and turned slowly to face Legolas once more. "I don't suppose anyone would play a joke on you," I said without much hope of a positive answer. He shook his head wordlessly. His hand was tight on the handle of the blade at his hip. "Is your door weak enough for us to knock it down?" Again he shook his head. "My room is designed to prevent intrusion." "Does that mean there's no way to get out through your window?" I asked. I had begun to walk over to it but stopped dead in my tracks at what I saw. Or rather, what I did not see. I distantly heard Legolas responding to me and opening a drawer on the other side of the room but I was focused on the window. For just within its frame was a swirling cloud so black that I could not see through it. It seemed as though it was barely contained in the window frame, for it was squeezed into every corner and bulged slightly inward. Its blackness was so complete that it was more of an empty void than a tangible cloud. And then the Prince was at my elbow, staring at the swirling void in horror. He looked back at me, his eyes darting from my waist to my shoulders. Upon finding me unarmed, he walked swiftly over to an ornate cabinet that stood against the far wall and took from it a sword. The candlelight played games over the shiny metal of the blade, dancing about in orange twists. Carrying it back to me, he held it out but then abruptly pulled it back when I reached out for it. He looked at me hard with narrowed eyes and I knew exactly what had crossed his mind. If these assassins had the same mind manipulation powers of the sorceress, which