The Angel of Vengeance Author: Mirfaen Rating: T for violence Disclaimer: All characters and places belong to J.R.R.Tolkien. I am not making any money off of them. Summary: Elladan is injured and knocked unconscious during an ambush. Alone now against eleven enemies, Elrohir adopts his twin's spirit in order to survive the battle. He stood tall under the night sky, two long curved blades held out to each side, gleaming silver in the moonlight. Black blood dripped down the length of the blades to splatter on the hard rock beneath. His chest heaved in and out like one who had been strenuously laboring but there was no trace of weariness in his stance or his expression. Black hair hung in long straggles down his back and clung to his damp face, contrasting sharply with the paleness of his skin. Eleven Orcs faced him from a stone's throw away, confidant in their greater numbers and the fact that their prey stood with his back facing the sheer wall of a cliff. They baited the Elf, taunting him and jeering at him. Six Orcs already lay dead, their bodies sliced open and strewn about the uneven rock surface, but the remaining Orcs paid the bodies no mind and continued to ridicule their cornered victim. But they could not see his eyes. Sleek black brows were lowered over gray eyes that glinted lethally in the moonlight. In their depths there was no reason to be found. Only vengeance. They were the eyes of a guardian Angel whose subject had just been mistreated. And so it was. For behind him was the prone figure of another Elf, one identical to him in all appearances, who was sprawled near the base of the cliff. Blood streamed from a gash to his left leg and also from his right temple as he lay lifeless in the moonlight, his head tossed to one side and his ebony hair splayed across the ground. The standing Elf did not need to look back at his counterpart to know and feel his presence. His muscles quivered from fatigue but he would not allow anything less than perfection, so he reflected for a brief moment, delving into memories that he knew he needed if he was going to survive. The noise of the jeering Orcs faded from his consciousness. Always in the past, he had been the one to logically analyze a situation before acting upon it. He had always been the one to lay a cautious hand on his twin's arm to keep him from rushing into conflict impulsively. He was the even-tempered one, the cool-headed one. He never allowed his emotions to overpower his reason. But now there was no one for him to stop, no one for him to think logically for. For Elladan was not standing next to him, yelling curses at the foul race that barred their way, but laying lifeless on the unforgiving rock. Elrohir felt his twin's spark draining away behind him and his own soul was crying out in sorrow. A part of him was dying along with his counterpart. But that is where it stopped. Elrohir knew his role in their relationship. He was the voice of calm logic, Elladan was the voice of passionate action. But it was not so anymore. In the absence of Elladan's zeal, Elrohir had adopted it and fed on his own rage at the same time, melding his spirit with his brother's in a way that he had never before experienced. He now possessed the combined power of Elladan's raging inner fire and his own boiling fury at Elladan's condition. Elrohir forced himself to replay the image of the barbed pike driving into his twin's leg, and the pained cry that immediately erupted from Elladan's lips. He focused in on Elladan's face, watching him grimace and felt a new wave of passionate loathing course through him. But he did not stop there. He watched as a sneering Orc came up behind Elladan and swung his club. Elladan turned, the fire not lost from his eyes, but was too late and the hardened wood slammed into the side of his head, knocking him instantly unconscious, and he fell to the ground. Fathomless hatred burned through Elrohir with overwhelming intensity. His muscles still quivered and trembled but fatigue was no longer the cause. He almost felt as though his desire for vengeance could not be contained in his body and would soon burst forth from him like a swift heat wave in the summer. And then he was back in the present. The harsh sounds of Orc voices traveled through the night air toward him and his already lethal eyes darkened as they beheld the eleven remaining beasts. Only mere seconds had passed but already two Orcs were on the move, rushing him together with wicked-looking scimitars. Elrohir smiled slightly. Raising his two swords like an Angel unfurling great silver wings, he crossed them above his head and waited. When the snarling Orcs were yards away, he leaped toward them with lightning speed, his sharp eyes picking apart every movement of the Orcs' bodies, every muscle twitch, almost before it even happened. His hips tilted slightly and one of the Orc blades passed harmlessly by. Then his arms were descending simultaneously, his silver blades cutting through the air with a zing. He slowed his rush to a walk, the swords again held by his sides, and did not look back. Behind him, two headless bodies tipped over and hit the ground. Nine to go. He continued walking forward as the remaining Orcs screamed in raucous anger. One over-eager Orc came forward to challenge him. The Elf spun the blade in his right hand, beckoning the Orc to come closer. The Orc glared at him, speaking words in the Black language that Elrohir could not understand. But he hardly noticed the pain that the guttural words caused in his ears. He spun the blade again, then again, faster and faster until it was a whirling disk at his side. The Orc eyed it warily but his hatred overcame his fear and he charged, aiming for Elrohir's other side. And Elrohir found himself laughing. He moved the spinning blade before him, purposely avoiding the Orc's neck, and it whacked into the beast's arm, instantly removing it from the rest of his body. The dead arm dropped to the ground as the Orc howled in pain. Elrohir took his left blade and, with a savage gleam in his eye, drove it deep into the Orc's leg. Pulling it roughly free, he stabbed next into the creature's belly, and finally into his neck. Gurgling sounds rose from the creature's throat and it staggered briefly before falling to die on the rocky ground. The eight Orcs still standing had quieted some, though their eyes burned with anger. Words were passed between them, again in the Black Speech, and Elrohir simply watched them as they discussed how to best attack him. Feeling Orc blood trickle onto his hands, he tipped his swords toward the ground so that the black liquid ran down the length of the blades to pool on the ground. His spirit and soul pulsed as one with the power that came from his furor and he could feel Elladan's presence within him, feeding him strength. It was as though, even in his unconscious and grievously wounded state, the older twin was freely giving his spirit to the younger one and encouraging him to use it as his own. Three Orcs were advancing and spreading apart so as to come at him from three separate angles. Elrohir stared at each of them in turn, not so much as moving except to turn his head. The two to either side fanned out so that they formed a straight line with Elrohir in the middle as the third Orc remained directly in front of him. He let them advance together. Perhaps on another day he would have been working out his own battle strategy and might have attacked one of the Orcs alone before they had a chance to reach him as a unit. But tonight was different. Tonight he was thinking Elladan's thoughts just as surely as he was thinking his own and so he waited for them, smelling the toxic scent of bloodshed on the air. Elrohir fixed his eyes on the center Orc and it sneered back at him as the three beasts broke into a run. They were upon him in seconds, each sending a weapon swinging toward a different section of his body. Elrohir saw it all as though it were in slow motion - a mace rocketing for his face from the center Orc, a spiked club careening for his calves from the Orc to his right, and a razor sharp spear head aiming for his ribs from the Orc on his left. And then he was moving. His knees bent briefly before he sprung up. He bent backwards in the air as his feet left the ground. The club swung in just below him where his calves used to be and the mace passed in front of his face before whizzing out of view again. His torso turned once in midair and the spear jabbed the empty air next to the skin of his abdomen. His hands touched the ground and his legs and feet followed him through the twisting flip. With a powerful push from his arms and a snap of his body he was upright again, facing away from the Orcs. Sensing more movement from behind, he dropped into a crouch and spun with one leg extended. The spiked club again passed harmlessly above him as his extended foot connected with the ankles of the spear-Orc with such force that the beast's legs flipped out from under him and he landed flat on his back. Elrohir lurched toward that particular Orc, jamming his sword into it's chest before it had a chance to rise. Pulling the blade back out and turning around as he did so, he found the mace to be less than a foot from his face and closing fast. His head snapped to one side to avoid the blow and then he brought his right sword around. The blade landed at the Orc's wrist, cleaving a line that separated the hand and its weapon from the rest of the beast. Hoarse shrieks erupted from the Orc and Elrohir felt his own body flinch slightly at the loudness of the noise so close to his ears. The handless Orc staggered out of his view as the Orc with the spiked club came at him again, screaming harshly. Elrohir rose to his feet and cocked his head to one side as he watched the beast, causing it to hesitate ever so slightly in its rush. There was a whir of motion from Elrohir and the Orc looked down to find the handle of the Elf's sword protruding from its chest. It fell to the ground, dead. The Elf's eyes moved next to the handless Orc, who was running doggedly back to the rest of its comrades, trailing black blood behind him. Elrohir started for the beast, taking his time as his mind calculated how much time he had before the Orc reached the relative safety of its group. Passing by the Orc he had just killed, with his sword still sticking up from its chest, he grasped the handle of the weapon and yanked it free, his eyes never leaving the back of the retreating Orc. This Orc had also taken part in harming his brother, his twin, himself. His eyes narrowed dangerously. Taking both swords in one hand, his other hand moved to his belt where he removed two small, barbed daggers. He reared back his arm, again taking his time, then let the daggers fly. The daggers sailed through the air, a foot apart from each other. They hit the Orc simultaneously,