A/N: Welcome to the newest story from myself and Better a Freak Than a Fake! We hope you like it. Chapter 1 Katniss stood outside her home feeling worried and somehow bitter all at the same time. The victory tour had ended months ago, though since then they had gotten a new head peacekeeper, Gale had been nearly whipped to death, and the fence that kept her from the woods actually worked now. To top it all tonight Snow was to announce this year's Quarter Quell. She let out a sigh, "This can get no worse." She said lowly. "This year to show the Districts that not even their best families are safe from the mistakes of their past. The tributes will be reaped from the families of victors and City Officials only." "This year, to show the Districts that no one is safe from their past mistakes; the tributes shall be reaped from the families of any previous tribute and city leaders, no age restrictions!" Katniss' head instantly shot over to Prim and her mother both of whose faces were now a ghostly pale. "As a final note, this year any volunteering is forbidden. No exceptions." "No, you can't do that!" She shouted at the screen. She knew however that he can do whatever he wants and Prim just broke out crying. She rushed over and hugged Prim. "It's going to be okay." She said. "It's with the families of any other tributes. That means you still just your name out of plenty." Katniss said but was surprised when Prim pushed away from her. "Yes, because that worked out so well last time." She said and ran up to her room before Katniss could stop her. Katniss sighed she hated it, but Prim made a good point, and on top of that she had made an enemy out of the President and she knew that as a victor, if Prim's reaped, she'd have to mentor her. "This is something that Snow would do." She thought. Theoretically, these were written seventy-five years ago but even if so he's likely to rig the reaping to make sure of it. There was no escaping the awful truth. Prim was likely going into the arena. She got up and ran out the door. She did not know where she was running she just ran. Just as canon she found herself in the cellar of one of the empty houses in the Victor Village with blood pouring out of her hand. She cried into her sleeve after all this she had failed Prim. "I should have just killed him." She wailed. "I should have just sucked up what the district was going to think of me and just killed him right there." "You could kill him now." A voice in her head seemed to say 'That wouldn't stop Prim from being Reaped.' "If there is no couple then no rebellion and no grudge." 'That would just confirm that there was no couple in the first place though.' He voice did not respond so Katniss just kept crying. How long she lay there she was not sure. She got up just now wondering where she was, how she got there, and why her hand was bleeding. She looked around a bit dizzy. She found a staircase and headed up it finding for sure where she is and the broken window answered the other two questions. 'Okay calm down,' She thoughtand headed out the front door wiping her eyes. She saw Peeta's house near and it somehow made her mad. Stupid Peeta if he had just had the decency to die when Cato had cut him none of this would be happening. Not thinking all that clearly at the moment, she stormed over to his house. She knocked rapidly on the door and waited. Peeta answered not very long afterwards. "You!" She growled angrily. Peeta was extremely confused so Katniss continued on, "Now Prim's going to be going into the arena and it's all your fault!" "How is this my fault!?" "If you had the decency to die when Cato cut you none of this would be happening!" "Well sorry I did not die then!" "You should be." Katniss growled stepping towards him. "Katniss, calm down." He tried. "I can't! Now all of that was for nothing!" "Katniss listen there is no guarantee she is going in." "Really, because I've already made such an enemy out of President Snow and it's certainly no secret that Prim means the world to me!" She hissed grabbing a knife. "I should have just killed you when I had the chance but I can fix that now." "Katniss, put the knife down." He said barely dodging a slash. She didn't say any though and took advantage of his fake leg to knock him over onto his back. "Katniss! Please think about what you're doing!" "I am." She growled pressing the knife against his throat. She pressed down on the knife hard not being able to get through the spine so not completely decapitated but undoubtedly dead. "Katniss!" Haymitch's voice gasped from the doorway. Her head shot over to him then back at Peeta's body and she shot to her feet it seeming to finally actually click what she had just done. "Ha...Haymitch...I..." She stammered dropping the knife and crawling away from Peeta. She started hyperventilating still starting at the body as she crawled away from it. "Wh-what haveIdone." "You freaked out." "Ikilledhim." She wailed and buried her face in her blood-stained hands. "Why? Why did I do that!?" She asked shaking. "You weren't thinking clearly, Sweetheart." Haymitch said carefully going up to her. "I killed Peeta." She said. "I know. I can see that." He said not sure what to say to her. "Haymitch I...I'm a monster." She said. "No, Sweetheart. You're not a monster." "Haymitch." She said crying. "I'm not mad." He said trying his best to comfort her. "I killed him. I don't know why!?" "You just snapped. You were angry and ended up misdirecting it." She just kept crying. He had no idea what to do and let her keep crying. She fell asleep crying into him so he picked her up figuring he should probably take her out of the crime scene. Her mom and Prim would have a heart attack seeing her like this and it would be difficult to explain so he took her to his own house and laid her down on his couch. She predictably soon started stirring from nightmares. He waited for her to wake. It wasn't much longer until she did shoot up screaming. "Hello to you too." He said. "Nightmares," She huffed. "Yeah, I know." "It was real though, wasn't it?" "Depends, what did you see?" "Did I kill Peeta?" She asked drawing her knees up to her chest. He sighed and nodded. "I'm a terrible person!" She wailed crying again. "No you're not." He said. "He said he loves me so I killed him! How can you possibly excuse that?" "You had a break down you would not be the first victor to do that and kill someone or the last." "Really?" She asked looking at him. "Really." He said seriously. "It's the Games. They destroy everyone who goes into them physically, emotionally, and mentally. Even the Careers despite what they like to think." He went off. "Every victor has broken down at some point. Most more." He finished. "And before you ask yes they kill as well." "So, in a way you never really leave the arena?" "No, it haunts you forever." "Is that why you never sleep at night and always with a knife." "Yes it is." He said. "I really wish I could tell you it gets any easier, Sweetheart but if anything it gets worse." "So what do I do?" As an answer he just flat out handed her a bottle of liquor. "Everyone has their ways." Katniss stared at the bottle considering if she should but sat it down drawing her knees in even closer, "Maybe after these games but I have to be there for Prim." "Think she is going in?" "Why not? I've already made such an enemy out of Snow and it's certainly no secret that she means the world to me." "You make a point, but we will get her through if it comes to that." "Then she'd be like this and frankly now I'm not sure which I'd hate more." "You do not believe that." "I don't know. Okay? I certainly don't want her to be dead but I don't want her to 'live' like this either." "I know." He said. "What do I do then?" "We make sure she lives first and foremost." "Of course," Katniss sighed. "Then we worry later." "I guess that's all we can do." "Exactly." Haymitch said. "I really hope I'm wrong though." She said laying her head on her knees. "So do I." "She doesn't deserve that. Not that anyone does." "Exactly." "Except Snow. That would be kind of funny." "Hilarious." He said. "It would obviously never happen though." "I wish. Then he'd truly see what he's doing." "Yeah but would it change?" "Tough call really." "Exactly," "Let's be serious though." "Okay, so now we train or wait." "Train?" She asked confused. "Yes, train the others," "Like Careers? Isn't that illegal?" "What other options do we have?" "Not really many but it's a big risk." "Yeah, well, they need to train this time. I am done burying kids!" Haymitch said. "Alright, I agree." Katniss said getting out of the fetal position. "Who though?" "All of them, especially Prim." "Where? Obviously the woods are still out of the question and we can't have Thread finding out." "In the attic and basement of our homes." "Alright, let's do it." "You sure?" "Yeah, it's about time that someone evened the playing field." He smiled "Then we are agreed." In spite of everything she got up ready to get started on that but realized that she's still covered in Peeta's blood and said in a shaky voice. "I should probably get cleaned up first." "Yeah and the peacekeepers will want to know what happened "Right," She sighed realizing the problem. "Just stay calm, they expect breakdowns." Katniss took a deep breath and put on her almost mastered emotional mask. "Ready." She said. "You still need to wash that blood off." He said. "Right that means going home..." "Or you can wash off what you can here." "That works too." "I made sure to bring you here not wanting to scare them." "Good point, okay." She nodded. "Bathroom's in the same place." She nodded heading down the hall. She turned on the shower and wondered what to do about her clothes. She took off her coat hoping the blood didn't seep through to her shirt. It didn't. "Okay easy then." She said taking off her snow pants and left in normal pants. She took off the rest shortly so she can wash off herself. It was quick and easy. She sighed and dried off putting back on the clean clothes. "Ready." She called. "Good, then now we can go." She nodded following his lead She folded her arms against the cold as they headed outside. "Remember stay calm." "Right," She nodded with her mask on. He picked up the phone and called the peacekeeper. "Head Peacekeeper Thread," Thread answered. "We need assistance." "A crew will be right over." "Thank you." Haymich said. They were over pretty much right away. "What is the emergency?" Thread asked walking in at the head of the pack. "Peeta's dead." Katniss said her voice impossibly calm. "Back at his own house." "What!? What happened?" He asked. "I killed him." "You did!?" He asked turning to her. "Yes I did. Just snapped after the announcement. Haymitch says it's very common for victors." "It is so common that we have protocol for it that is in every district." "Which is?" She asked still keeping