Disclaimer and Author's note: I don't own J.R.R. Tolkien's Lord of the Rings. Anyway, this is going to be a very, very long story, so kick back and relax. I also created a video preview for this story. Those of you who wish to watch it, just head on over to youtube and type in " ONCE UPON A RING - BY AARON LEDGERS ." It's epic. I recommend watching it, lol. Plus, it might give you a hint on what to expect from this, or maybe not. You never know. THE FELLOWSHIP: ONCE UPON A RING Dedicated to Katherine and Nathaniel Sanders PART ONE: MODERN EARTH "Friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life. And thanks to a benevolent arrangement of things, the greater part of life is sunshine." —Thomas Jefferson— A gentle autumn breeze was sliding down the deserted streets of New York City. The sun was beginning to rise, and the sky had been illuminated with the colors of a beautiful new dawn. However, despite the early hour, no cars were driving along the concrete roads and almost nobody was walking along the sidewalks. In fact, only one visible person was standing under the morning glow that glimmered on the horizon. The girl in question was only four feet and six inches tall, her hair was whiter than snow, and her skin was extremely pale. At the moment, her eyes were closed tightly: nothing aside from the silver lashes framing those gems could be seen as she stood there on top of the railing. Her arms were spread like an eagle, and her thigh-length hair was drifting in the wind: aside from her tresses and skirt, she was still as a statue. She remained that way for an unmeasurable amount of time... barely even seeming to be breathing. But then... the sun finally slid over the horizon, and she slowly opened her eyes. Two large, empty, iridescent irises refracted the light like twin mirrors, twinkling with subtle hues of amethyst, crystal blue, and baby pink. In front of her was a gorgeous view... the buildings below her gleamed and sparkled, and not far beyond was the ocean, which glittered like diamonds. However, instead of looking at this sunrise with a smile, her pale face was emotionless. In that moment, silence reigned free, punctuated only by a heartbeat. Her own heartbeat. Above her was the sky, with the glorious colors of a magnificent dawn. In front of her was a view that even a queen could love. But below her lay nearly fifty stories worth of empty air. One more step... just one more step and this would be the last sunrise she'd ever lay eyes on. She slowly tilted her head back and stared at the beautiful sky with a frightening amount of emptiness in her eyes, feeling no admiration for the magnificence she was beholding. The vast plane above her brought nothing but loneliness. She was hollow. It only made her realize how small her existence really was. Even a morning like this could no longer bring her joy, and that's why the moment had come: she could escape... she could be free of everything with just one more step. Just one step... it wasn't so hard, right? She could be free of the pain... the fear... the loneliness... everything she hated so badly. Everything she wanted but could never truly have. She closed her eyes again and took a deep breath, planning on lifting her right foot... but her leg wouldn't budge: it was shaking so violently that she couldn't even budge it from the railing. A gentle wind blew through her silvery hair when she finally lowered her arms and looked down at the distant road: the breeze helped to cool her stinging cheeks and eyes, but it was doing nothing to quell the burning sensation in her heart. She couldn't even kill herself. She couldn't escape. There was no way out. "Just one step," she finally whispered, shivering all over as she stared at the spinning ground below with blank eyes. "That's all I need. One step... just one." However, before she could continue thinking about it, the sound of a door opening behind her filled the air and she froze like a statue once again. "Wha?! What the hell?" someone snorted, sounding more than a little startled. "No way... your hair is... it's white! It's totally white!" The girl blinked and slowly turned her head to look at the idiot who'd spoken: she blinked again in confusion when she beheld a clean-cut man who looked to be in his late twenties. He was staring at her with raised eyebrows, and he was rubbing the stubble on his chin: his short black hair and steel grey eyes made him seem very plain. "Obviously," she stated in a startlingly emotionless voice, giving him a vacant stare; she seemed to be looking through him rather than at him. "Albinism does that to people." The man twitched after he glanced down, because it was only then that he realized where, exactly, she was standing: his face immediately drained of color. "Kid, what the hell are you doing?" he calmly demanded, slowly taking a step forward and lifting his hands. "Seriously, come down from there! It's dangerous!" "Yes, it is," Kate stated almost wistfully, giving the guy an empty smile and turning away to face the sunrise. "So much that it would definitely be fatal. Funny, isn't it?" "What are you saying?! H-hey, come on! Come down from there, right now!" the man roughly demanded; regardless, he looked severely shaken up. "I don't know what's going on with you, but suicide definitely isn't the answer. If you want to talk, come down and I'll take you out to eat or something, okay? Just, come down!" Katherine's eyes were hidden by her hair by that point. Then, she dropped her arms, letting them hang limply. "Shut up," she finally muttered, slowly twisting her legs and sliding off of the skyscraper's thin railing; the business man stared at her with startled grey eyes and watched as she picked up her school bag, because not long after she started walking for the door he'd just come through. Without bothering to wait for a response, she swept past him, purposely ignoring the way his enormous eyes locked onto her hair. "Wait," he commanded sharply. "What's your name, kid? And how old are you?" She halted for a moment. "You're not entitled to know anything about me," she coldly informed him, slowly turning her head and glaring over her shoulder. "Nor do I owe you an explanation about my age. Just forget you ever saw me here." "Not until you tell me your name," he calmly retorted, slowly walking over and setting a gentle hand on her shoulder. "Please, just answer the question..." Her amethyst eyes narrowed a little and she averted her gaze... wondering what to do. But then, she had a vision of the man in front of her. The world around her dissolved and she was suddenly standing in the middle of a street. Her eyes widened when she saw him sitting in a blue minivan at a stoplight. He was looking at something on his phone, so when the light turned and he pulled out into the busy street, he didn't see the bus going faster than the city speed limit allowed. Kate flinched and squeezed her eyes shut to block out the sight of the two vehicles colliding, and she hesitantly turned away before opening her eyes. She blinked when she caught sight of two street signs. Fifth Avenue and Broadway. She squeezed her eyes shut again, this time even more tightly... But when she opened them, she was once again standing on the rooftop she had never really left in the first place. The man in front of her had backed off a step and was now looking at her with a wary expression. "I'll tell you something more important than my name," she said in a low voice, not meeting his gaze. "Stay the hell away from the crossing of Broadway and Fifth Avenue." "What?" he scoffed, doing an extreme double take. "What do you mean?" "Just do as I say!" she snapped. "And don't touch your phone while you're driving." "Are you giving me advice or looking down on me?" "Neither," she muttered, shaking her head. "Not even minivans can withstand an accident like that. Anyway, I'm leaving now." When he merely gawked at her, she scowled and swept off towards the rooftop door and headed inside the building. After taking a moment to calm her racing heart, she pressed the button to call the elevator and clasped her school bag with both hands, tapping her foot in irritation. Once she stepped in and turned around, however, she noticed that the man was staring at her with a weird expression. To her immense surprise, just as the elevators started closing, he abruptly lunged forward. She jumped when he stuck his arm through the gap. "What's your name?" he demanded, giving her a very odd expression indeed. "Before you go, that's all I want to know: first and last." "Could you let me leave, please? I'm gonna be late." "Not until you tell me your first and last name." "You're really going to harass me?" "Until you tell me your name," the man slyly retorted, narrowing his eyes, "or better yet, how you know what kind of vehicle I drive." She glared at him for a long moment, amethyst eyes sharpening in an intimidating manner. "Katie," she said in a monotone, averting her eyes. "My name is Katie Sanders. Now, please let me go before I call the police." For a long moment... the man did nothing; then, without a word, he withdrew his arm and the elevator doors started sliding shut again. She glanced up at him one last time just before they fully closed. He looked half intrigued, half disbelieving, but there was also a gleam of curiosity in his steel grey eyes. Then he was gone and she was alone with her uneasiness. The ride down to the ground floor was mostly silent... punctuated only by the tacky music that came along with riding in a New York elevator. Not long after that, she left the fancy hotel and began the three-mile walk to the one place she hated more than her current living residence. School. By the time she arrived, Katie Sanders had wiped all traces of emotion off her face. Bracing herself behind a wall of isolation, she hefted her backpack and headed through the rusted gates of her 'government sponsored' high school. It was reputed as a private academy, but all of the locals knew it was actually a place for juvenile delinquents and orphans: the success rate for Ivy Ridge was so low that even the worst of the homeless would cringe. Katie had arrived a little earlier than usual, so she figured she'd have enough time to rest in the library before her first class started. Mostly because she couldn't deal with the bullying so early on... at least, not on this particular day. When she walked into the library, however, her irritation dissolved. This spacious room was almost always empty since the majority of the students in her school liked to slack off and do nothing with their lives. That's why it had become her sanctuary... and one of the only two people who Katie actually cared about was sitting in it all the time, feeling just as lonely as she was. The librarian never had any visitors, so she was always grinning whenever Katherine showed up. Being smiled at had been nothing more than a fantasy until she'd started attending Ivy Ridge, so for all it's faults, this little bit of joy kind of made up for everything. "Hello, Miss McKinley," Katie greeted softly, catching the attention of the