The war had barely been over for ten minutes before Hermione Granger had looked around the rubble that now was the remainder of the once majestic castle of Hogwarts and decided she was going to go back and finish her final year of schooling. There was a mass tidy up effort and by some sort of miracle, by the first of September Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was returned to its former glory and once again ready to open its doors to its students; including the now eighth years—a year group made up entirely of students returning to complete their education without the war standing in the way. Hermione found herself sat in the last carriage on the Hogwarts express all on her own, curled up by the window with an old, tattered copy of one of her favourite Muggle novels. She had been sat in the carriage since around 8am, regardless of the fact that the train wouldn't leave platform 9¾ until precisely 11am—she was determined to secure her friends and herself the best seats for the long journey to the castle. She was just trying to do everything in her power to ensure they all had the most wonderful last year experience that they were all deprived of the previous year. However, she had also gotten there so early because she just needed a bit of time alone for the time being to wrap her head around a few things before the year started. The summer has been far from peaceful; full of reunions, funerals, captures of the remaining death eaters and repairs. As much as she'd almost been grateful for all the distractions, there was no way of avoiding how she'd felt, the pain they'd all gone through, the exhaustion of always having to be strong and the strangeness of constantly feeling lonely even though she was permanently surrounded by the people who loved her. More often than not, Hermione simply found herself feeling very overwhelmed and confused, which, for a girl who exercised control in almost all aspects of her life, was very intimidating. Additionally, to make the situation even worse, things between the Golden Trio had been very different since the end of the war and nobody really knew how to explain it. Nothing had really changed between Hermione and Harry—their relationship was stronger than ever. There was no way they could have ever come out of the previous year any different due to the months alone in the middle of nowhere in a tent. Harry was her rock and her best friend, but it was obvious that the closeness between them was still an issue for Ron. No matter how many times he was told he was being ridiculous, he would not listen to either of them and end up angry with them for sometimes days at a time; he was as stubborn as a mule, and that wasn't about to change at any time soon. In fact, when she thought about it, the main cause of most of the differences that were occurring recently was because of the romantic relationship between Ronald and herself which was still very much in its early stages. They had officially been an item since their sudden and passionate kiss during the Battle of Hogwarts, much to Hermione's happiness after being in love with him secretly for years. But now, things just didn't seem right and their relationship was nowhere near the bliss she had imagined it to be. Truthfully, both she and Harry thought since becoming a war hero, Ronald's head had inflated so much that it was due to explode at any second. Ron had always loved being the centre of attention due to being one of many Weasley children, but he seemed to have taken this to a whole new level. He was constantly doing interviews for the papers, posing for photographs in the street, signing autographs for fans and stopping to talk to any reporter who attempted to approach them. Once, he even went so far as to invite someone over from the Daily Prophet to the Burrow so they could write an article that was to be titled 'A Day in the Life of the Golden Trio' , without asking anybody beforehand if they wanted to participate. Thankfully the article was never published as Molly had been so furious at her youngest son that he'd embarrassingly enough been sent to his room and the reporter was thrown out before he'd even had chance to take his hat and coat off. Sadly though, his atrocious behaviour had given Hermione the suspicion that he was only in a relationship with her because of all the attention it brought along with it. It was no secret that he loved bragging that he was the one to have won her heart in the end and not Harry Potter—the Chosen One. Not that anybody within their circle seemed to care, mind, they simply reminded him that Harry Potter only seemed interested in Ginny – his baby sister – and that always succeeded in knocking him down a peg or two for a minute or so. She was sad to admit it, but she just didn't feel like the spark was there anymore between the two of them, regardless to how everybody was always going on about how they were perfect together and that they'd be getting married within a few short years. He did not make her feel good about herself or treat her in any way that suggested he truly loved her. It was as if now that he'd won his prize , he'd simply given up trying to woo her anymore – not that he'd done an awful lot of that to begin with anyways – just expecting that this was the way things were going to stay from now on. All in all, Ron had caused a bit of a rift between things for the trio and it was only because that he'd been their friend for years now that they put up with every mistake he made. When it got around 10am, the station began to fill with all of the students attending Hogwarts that year and their parents all saying their goodbyes on the platform. Trunks were loaded onto the train and children hugged their parents, promising to write soon. Friends were reunited after the summer and everybody seemed to be truly excited for the new school year. Hermione had just begun to wonder where abouts Harry and Ron were and why they hadn't joined her yet when it happened. Draco Malfoy burst unexpectedly into Hermione's compartment, slamming the door closed behind him without checking if there was anybody else in there with him. He slid down onto the floor in relief and put his head in his hands, his blond hair flopping down to cover the rest of his face. Hermione sat there at first in complete silence, partly due to the shock of the sudden appearance of the boy – now man – who had caused her so much grief throughout her school years and had to her knowledge been one of Voldemort's' Death Eaters, due to the fact he'd gotten off scot-free at his trial mostly because of the testimony herself and Harry did on his behalf. She did not want to break the silence through fear of startling him and triggering the abuse and potential dangers that he possessed, but also because he looked as though he'd grown tired and weary since the last time she'd seen him. He looked as if he'd been to hell and back over and over again and was only just able to relax for the first time; slumped with his back against the compartment door. After a few more moments though Hermione was done waiting for him to notice her on his own, and made a show of loudly closing the book on her lap, making just enough noise to startle the Slytherin only a few small metres away from her. He shot up in half an instant, his wand in Hermione's face so fast she only just had chance to grab her own for protection. She didn't, however, point it at him to copy his stance, she merely held it tightly to herself on her lap. There was no way Malfoy would be stupid enough to attack her on a train full of people, especially since it hadn't even left the station yet. She hadn't meant to startle him as much as that, only inform him of her presence, but clearly, she had overlooked the fact that he was a victim of war – just like she was – and had reflexes of paranoia to show for it. There was no noise within the carriage as they both looked at each other, which quickly turned into an even worse awkward silence and Hermione sighed to herself, realising that she was right and she absolutely would not need to use her wand. If he was going to attack her, he would have done it by now. "Put the wand away," she said assertively and moved slightly to put her book in her bag before turning to look at the blonde again. He still had his wand pointed at her. "I'm not kidding, Malfoy. Besides, even if you don't send a hex flying my way you could still manage to take one of my eyes out." "Why don't you think I'd hex you, Granger?" he challenged her in a way that was probably supposed to seem vicious. "Because I don't think you have it in you anymore," she replied after a seconds thought, examining him carefully to make sure she hadn't misjudged him and he was preparing himself to send a particularly nasty jinx at her. However, he then slowly began to drop his arm and then stowed his wand into his pocket. He looked back at her with an expression on his face that she was unable to place, but for once in the whole time she'd known him, he wasn't looking at her with any trace of disgust, not even a slight sneer. "Maybe you're right…or maybe I just don't feel like wasting my energies on you, you d—" "SHUT THE FUCK UP AND GET THE HELL AWAY FROM MY GIRLFRIED, MALFOY!" Harry and Ron came barrelling into the compartment, Ron in front, his wand out, ready to hex the pale man out of his mind. But it appeared that Hermione didn't need a bodyguard and she was more than capable of handling the Slytherin prince. "Shit Granger, I think you've broken my nose!" he screamed, being result to one of Hermione's right hooks for the second time. And her technique had massively improved since the incident in third year. "What were you about to call me? A dirty Mudblood, Malfoy? Is that it? Well, luckily for you, I don't need reminding about that little thing anymore, especially not since your Aunt Bella left me a permanent reminder!" She rolled up her sleeve and thrust the scarred part of her arm in his face, so filled with anger in that moment that she'd failed to realise the lack of malice in his voice as he'd been cut off from finishing his sentence, so they'd not actually heard that word leave his lips before she'd punched him aggressively. Draco flinched as she held out her arm demanding for him to see the word engraved onto it forever from a distance, but he surprised them all by gently reaching forwards and lightly running his fingers over the word etched into her skin, almost as if he was transfixed. "I suggest you leave now, Malfoy," Harry said suddenly, grabbing hold of Hermione's other arm that was dangling by her side and using it to pull her away from the Slytherin and causing her scarred arm to drop out of his loose grip. "I wasn't going to call you… that word actually, Granger. What I