Disclaimer: i do not own harry potter that goes to J.K Rowling herself i got my inspiration and first chapter from a story on Archiveofourown called Nest Of Love who is Mae Rose on fanfiction even though i did give credit to her she asked me to put this little disclaimer in here so here you go so no hate this story will be completely different from that DISCLAIMER: The first chapter of my story, except for the ending bit, belong to MaeRose ( on fanfiction) RoseMae (on AO3). It was taken from her Story Nest Of Love. She has given me permission to use this as the introduction to my story because it inspired me. Please see reviews on Chapter 2 if you have any doubts, i do not make money from this and my grammar does suck i am looking for a Co-Writer so comment if you want to help out Warnings: YAOI MEANING MALE X MALE DON'T LIKE TURN AWAY NOW THERE IS A LOT OF CHARACTERS THAT WILL BE OOC IN THIS Uncensored version on Wattpad Triggers: Hermaphrodite Harry, past Rape, Incest, abuse,Might be a Harem ALPHA/BETA/OMEGA Universe Summary: during Harry'd fifth year he defeated Voldemort and saved Sirius. now because Dumbledore knew Harry was a Omega he kept him with his family well now that he is Sixteen his inheritance comes to light Dumbledore comes and takes him to the weasleys to make a bonding contract for him so he doesn't become the ministry's breeding whore when the ministry catches wind of this will they act or will they leave him alone lets find ow Pairing are Bill/Charlie/harry/ Fred/ George and don't know who else yet might do others Prologue Harry regained consciousness not long after drifting to sleep, awaking to a flash of light and a thump of thunder. Rain was beating against his window, as a storm raged outside. Harry began to roll over onto his side, pausing briefly to let out a shuddered breath as the pressure brought shocking pain throughout his body. Finally Harry managed to shift to a sitting position, and shakily stand as well. He groaned at his body's protest from the pain of the beatings, the hunger in his stomach, and the pressure of his bladder. He moved over toward the window to glance out. Lightning flashed across the sky once more, Harry was able to glance about Privet Drive from his window during the flash. Spying no one. All lights were off in the neighboring houses, the street lamps were visible, however quite dim. Spasms of pain raked across his body from the beating his uncle had given him not but two hours before. He was bruised, starving, and tired. However he was unable to sleep restfully. No letters had come so far this summer. No contact from his friends, or contact from Sirius. Not a peep during the first two weeks of summer break. Things were bad for Harry right off the bat. His uncle was in a rage because he had lost a big client the day he had to get Harry from the station. The beatings started as soon as they got back to Number 4 Privet Drive. Harry had been locked in his room since arrival. His uncle would come in sporadically to beat him, he was let out of the room twice a day or so by his aunt to use the loo, but sometimes even this was forgotten. Food he got maybe once a day if he was lucky, and even then it was leftovers scraped into a dish shoved under the cat flap on his door Leftovers that were mainly vegetables which led Harry to believe it was whatever Dudley didn't eat from his meals during the day. Harry let out a shaky breath and cracked the window. Harry closed his eyes and sighed as he proceeded to undo his pants and empty his bladder out the window. He smiled slightly to himself as he thought about how his aunt would react to knowing that he pissed on her rosebushes under his bedroom window a few times a night. If he was ever found out he would be in for one hell of a beating. But at night was the safest time for Harry to be awake. Harry glanced over at the floor by the door. No supper "dish" had been given to him today. This would be the third day without food. Harry sighed and moved over to a corner of his room. He wiggled loose a floorboard, and reached his hands inside the hole, pulling out what appeared to be a small brown sack This brown sack however had an expansion charm on it. And inside was Harry's emergency stash of food. It was small and most of the food was candy or junk food that Harry was able to stock up on his last trip to Hogsmeade before summer vacation started. Harry pulled out a pumpkin pastry and opened it up. The wrapping on it had a preservative charm on it for which Harry was extremely thankful! Even when in Hogwarts Harry was unable to eat much because of being raised on little to no food. So the pumpkin pastry that was about the size of a deck of cards would fill him up. Harry nibbled on his meal, and packed the bag back under the floor. He sat in the darkness of his room and rested his stomach, full for now. Harry watched out the window, as the lightning flashed across the sky, and the booms of thunder echoed in their wake. Harry felt calmed by the storm, and relaxed. He felt his body started trembling, and lay down once more in his bed. The last thing he heard was the sound of the thunder crackling through the air, as Harry drifted back into the void of sleep. ~_~_~_~_~_~ Time Slip to the next Morning~_~_~_~_~ Harry startled to the sound of the locks on his door being removed. He sat up stiffly, and watched the door. After the beating he took the evening before, Harry couldn't believe that his uncle would return so soon again. Also, it was a weekday, and a little later in the afternoon, so his uncle was normally at work. The handle turned and the door opens to reveal his aunt, looking at him in disgust. "Boy, go and clean yourself up, you're stinking my home up. And return to your room in no more than 15 minutes, you hear! Or I'll tell Vernon!" his aunt hissed at him his. Harry replied and grabbed his bathroom stuff before stumbling from the room. It was rare she let him "clean up" as she put it. So he knew to be quick. He turned the shower on, stripped quickly and got in. Rubbing his body down with soap, while relaxing from the hot water. Managing to be quick about it all. Once he was clean he grabbed the ragged old towel that he was given for drying. In the bathroom mirror he was able to look at the damage done to his back. Some of the lashes from one of his whippings he could tell were infected. Not a good thing because he didn't have anything to clean them with anymore. His loving relatives didn't keep anything in this bathroom, to make sure he didn't steal it. Knowing that his time was nearly up, Harry quickly dressed himself in his clothing. He turned on the sink faucet and got a nice filling drink of water before filling up the water bottle. Cleaning his stuff up quickly he made his way back to his bedroom. "Ding!" The timer that his aunt set to make sure he didn't break her rules went off just as he managed to close the door. He had cut it close, but by now he was very good at estimating his time limit. The locks he heard start slamming back into place, and then from the cat flap a plate was shoved through. On it was surprisingly a piece of toast, and a cut up apple and a plastic cup of water. Fruit was never given to him normally. It was strange, but Harry still happily picked the food and water up and went to eat it on his bed. He ate it slowly enjoying it well he could. Once finished he set the plate down by the cat flap and pushed it out just a little, his aunt would notice it at some point. Then he was left to his boredom, which turned into nap time very quickly. ~_~_~_~_~_~TIME SLIP Just before Midnight!~_~_~_~_~~_ Harry stared out the window, into the darkness. He had heard nothing from his family; they had all left earlier that day. They packed the car up, so Harry could only assume that they were going for a night or so. With it being the weekend he was not surprised. More often than not they would go to Marge's home in the country. This however meant that Harry would be locked up again, all weekend until they got back. Guess that's why he was so lucky to have gotten the apple earlier. Shivers raked down Harry's body; he was sweaty and feverish, from the infections on his lashes. He had washed them as best as he could today, but that was the first time he had been able to wash in a week and half. He knew that they were bad, and was worried. He didn't know the date, having lost track of time in his prison of a bedroom. He knew it was late July. He would be able to more easily tell the date when he got his Hogwarts letter in the mail, Dumbledore always made sure that Harry had someone get him early for his school stuff. ~Chime~ "Two." He was always glad for that clock, listening to it late at night because only then could he tell the time. Listening for the quiet chimes from it. During the day it was drowned out by the telly, or by the family making noise. ~Chime~ "Five." But at night it was a happy sound to Harry. ~Chime~ "Nine." Its chimes told Harry that time was passing, that soon he would be out of here. ~Chime~ "Ten." Soon he would be out of here, and back at Hogwarts. ~Chime~ "Eleven." Soon he would be reunited with his newfound godfather. ~Chime~ "Twelve." Soon everything would be different. Chapter One The clock struck twelve, and Harry relaxed against the cold glass of his window. He was happy that the time passed, and in his boredom waited for it, but at times like this he wanted it to last forever. To be safe, his so-called family gone, safe from the dangers of the outside world. It's all he really wanted, to be safe, loved, cared for. His eyes drifted closed, and he felt like he was drifting. Hopefully to sleep, because the side effects of his beating and the infection had taken a lot of out of him. He didn't want to sleep, but it would be a safe sleep. He shifted against the glass, moving to a cooler spot again. The room was getting warmer; he was at the point where he might need to open the window. Just to cool the room down more. Harry moved to stand, and then a ripple of pain shot through his whole body. Harry doubled over onto the floor; he curled into himself, tears ran down his face. He was hot, so hot, and the pain. Tears flowed freely down his face, and an inhuman cry ripped from his lips. His body contracted violently, and he cried out even more. Magic seemed to flow around the room in waves, most of it wrapping over him. All Harry could do was lie there, and cry. Tears running down his face, little whines and whimpers falling from his lips as his voice went