Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter only some of the character I am using none of hers are mine and J.K Rowling owns every one of her characters and all rights to Harry Potter. Giving a shout out to my Beta/Co-Writer BloodPhoenix213 on fanfiction and BVB213553 on wattpad His character is Seraph Orion Black and Tyrsea Jackson This is a Weasley twin's x OC story all pairing will be the same Harry x OC Ginny x Dean Ron will be Lavender while Hermione will be with Victor. Neville will be with Luna Draco will be with Daphne and all that good things ~~~WARNING~~~ Hermaphrodite, Yaoi, attempt rape, mentions of Rape, Alpha/Beta/Omega universe, may have Yuri may not haven't decided, may have suicidal thoughts may not if you don't like then turn away now. Summary:This is a story about a clan who hold power so great it could literally end the world. A clan that now only has one member left. This story is about Phoenix Rosezeria Last of the Rosezerian clan. This is a story about a Triad relationship with twin's. This is a story of a hermaphrodite who survived a killing curse. The boy who lived ain't alone anymore. This story starts with Phoenix's first year of Hogwarts. ~~Basic Info~~ Name: Phoenix Vixen Rose-zeria Alias(es)Vixen Rose Zeri Shadow Foxie and Fox Clan: Rose-zeria Race: Half Wizarding Kitsune Half Witch Age: 11 by the end 21 maybe older Blood type: O+ Sexuality: Pansexual Status: Omega Rank: Breeder ~~Physical Description~~ Voice: Feminine Gender: Hermaphrodite mainly male beside the chest which because he is a breeder will be like a female Hair: Red Eyes: Silver changed to green than blue then gold any everything in-between Height: 5'5 Skin Tone/Complexion: pale Notable Traits/ Distinguishing Marks: Tribal tattoos covering his whole given to him on his first kill by his clan. a Rose Bouquet Insignia with twelve Black Rose's and a Stem with thorns at wrap around his wrist signaling he was a breeder ~~Other Traits~~ Personality: Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde He has a temper and is stubborn but he is easy to get along with once you know how he works. He doesn't give up easy but when he does he will admit he is wrong. He has Bipolar disorder at least that's what the muggles call it and borderline Multiple personality disorder. Can Be Mistaken to be a Alpha. But when with his Soulmates yes mates as in more than one he will becomes more Submissive when without he will be dominant. Personal Motto: Rise from the ashes like a Phoenix. Abilities: Hand to Hand combat Immunity to all poisons Assassination skills Enhanced strength and senses Weapons mastery Seer Empathy Aura sight Beast Tongue Telepathy Mind reading Metamorphmagus ( which is someone with the ability to change their appearance at will rather than a spell) Animagus: Wolf, Fox, Phoenix, Dolphin Magic And Power: Elemental He has control over all elements and sub elements meaning. Earth, Air, Fire, Water, Light, Darkness Sub elements he has control over are as followed: Nature, natural flows, gases, lava, Lighting, Ice, crystals, shadows and voids. When natural flows are mentioned it means life and death since they are natural flows he has the ability to bring someone back if it wasn't their time. As well as within a twenty-four hour limit. He also has the ability to end a person's life but has never done so. These abilities have not been mastered so he couldn't save his clan. ~~Background Info~~ Character History: Phoenix was born a half breed Half Wizarding kitsune Half Witch. His mother was a kind lady his father died when he was born. When he turn eleven his clan was massacred. Death eaters had Raided his clan many women were raped and killed he fought but he couldn't save them. His mother was raped right before his eyes while he was being held down. They killed her then threw the killing curse at him. Let's just say Harry Potter isn't the only one who survived the curse. The death eaters were scared and ran when he survived. He was found by the ministry Auror's after they received a distress call from his clan they didn't get there in time but they did save the clan's heir which was him he was now given to his cousin Sirius Black who just so happened to be innocent. He was a seer after all he had them get Sirius a fair trial. He gotten his Hogwarts letter that summer. Sirius was trying to get him to talk but he wouldn't after all the legal actions and the daily prophet making him out to be like Harry Potter it was all too much he shut down. When he gotten his Hogwarts letter he was scared but Accepted it as it was. he couldn't be homeschooled anymore his clan was dead. He was the only one left so he had to learn from the public school. Harry Potter was a year younger than him so he wouldn't be seeing him anytime soon but Sirius was getting custody of him soon. The legal progress was hard and long but worth it in the end. And this is where his story begins his first year at Hogwarts. ~Prologue~ ~Phoenix's point of view~ After my clan's massacre I became closed off. I did all the legal stuff out of the way. Even gotten my cousin a fair trial, since it was proven he was placed in jail without a trail. Oh you might be wondering how I'm related to the black well funny story. The black are a branch within the Rose-zerian line. They have the same powers as well as rituals only difference was blacks were dark were as, Rose-zerian's were Neutral. Sometime during the Rosezerian line a person branched off and took the name black how no one knows how or why, but all black are cousins to the Rosezerian line. My birthday is January 21, 1979. I'm exactly one year older than the boy who lived or my cousin twice removed Harry Potter. Not many know Harry Potter was a black as well through his grandmother on his father's side. But those who do know have kept it to themselves because who would want a very powerful enemy like that. Now unlike Harry I wasn't a baby when my clan was killed and I survived the killing curse which even I know how I survived like the ministry. The Rose-zerian hold more power than the ministry does so they are immunes to most of the laws. The Rose-zerian's also hold a lot of power in the muggle world as well. Now how I survived the killing curse well that because of two curses on my clan. One we male Breeder can't be taken by anyone but our Soulmates. Unlike the females, male breeders are held at more valuable and more priceless so they are used as breeding slave. Because of this the Rose-zerian's had cast a curse which doubles as a blessing on their male breeders. So when the death eaters tried to rape me they ended up being severally burned some even died. Reason two is because my clan has a curse on it since the beginning of time by our very first clan leader Lilith Rose-zeria. She made it where if you are the last clan member you become immortal till your children are grown and have kids of their own. So me being the last they were going to kill the killing curse didn't work. I'm immortal til I have children who have children of their own. It's so our clan never dies for if our clan dies so does the world. Lilith was the very first being to come into existences so she was the heart of it all which made the clan the heart of it all. Our clan can not die without consequence and the one that does happen is major and can kill everything she worked to create. So now here I am as the heart with too much power to hold and have to be mated before I turn seventeen otherwise I am killed by the very power I am meant to protect. So here I am on the train to Hogwarts in the very car with the twin Weasley's they are hot and my mate's. I have to win them over and explain everything to them. I hope I can have them on my side before the time comes. Chapter one Phoenix was there sitting his markings had glowed when he was touched by the twins. They asked him what it meant and now he was trying to come up with an explanation that didn't scare them away. "Well you see my markings are a way to tell who my Soulmate is. For me I have two Soulmates with how strong I am. I need it so that's what the glow meant." He said bluntly because he didn't want to sugar coat it for them. The twins stared at him and there was a poignant pause before they both at the same time "that's so cool. So we're your Soulmates." Phoenix was able to tell them apart the moment they introduced themselves for each other. "Yes which will be awhile but I would need to mate before I and seventeen so since marriage consent is sixteen that's when we would need to bond." He explained. How he got to meet his Soulmates at eleven is very very rare occasion. He will have to explain it to the headmaster so their parents will be informed. He knew the twins were Alpha's well one was and that was Fred the other was a Beta. Dumbledore wasn't his favorite person but he knew trying to control him was a wrong move so didn't try. The only reason Dumbledore wasn't his favorite is because he didn't help Sirius get a trail. But he made up by helping Sirius gain custody of Harry. After checking on Harry and finding the abuse Dumbledore was doing right and getting him out of there by the time he was on his way home for Christmas Harry will be with Sirius. Phoenix looked out the window "So how do you take your parents finding out. because we need to tell Dumbledore and them before we go about classes." He said the looked at Fred and George gave him wasn't a pleasant one but the response begged a different, "They will be excited to have the first Weasley's in three generations to find their Soulmate." They said but he knew it meant they wouldn't get a higher status than they had. He just hoped they were after his money or titles. "That's good then" He replied. "You do know my Status is a Omega Breeder right because I know Yours" Phoenix said they nodded "We know" they said in unison. Phoenix nodded "Unlike the Omega's that fall under ministry rule I don't I have more control in the relationship than you both. Were in the ministry you would have sire rights. In the Rose-zerian clan you do not have those rights. "The breeders has all right to their children and if they get pregnant they have all say. It also means that unlike the ministry the omega/breeder is equal to the Alpha." He explained, the twins nodded Fred spoke first. "So it mean we don't get rights to abort the child if you become pregnant nor do we have the right to take the child away." George spoke this time "It also mean your our equal in social standards" they wanted to confirm what he said which they did when Phoenix nodded. "Yes that what it means Rose-zerian's out rule the ministry so that's why you would fall under the Rose-zerian law. Being Soulmates with a Rose-zerian has it perks just like being claim under a Rose-zerian's protect has it perks. If I were to claim someone under