ANOTHER JASPER & BELLA ONE-SHOT! WOO-HOO! THIS ONE IS INSPIRED BY Rascal Flatts' "What Hurts the Most" I DON'T OWN TWILIGHT SAGA. Important pointers before the actual story starts: 1 the vampires are of the 'traditional' variety, fangs and all the mythical version rather than the shitty Twilight Saga's 'sparkling douche bags'. But here's the kicker, the gifts part remains just like in Twilight. ENJOY! It's Bella's eighteenth birthday and she should be excited, right? But she isn't, she never had a reason to do so, after all her parents separated on her birthday. And since living with her mother, they never celebrated it, not having enough resources to go with the extravaganzas and stuff. So, when the little pixie, Alice adamantly threw her a party, she was reluctant to go through with it. But Alice gets what she wants . Bella thought bitterly as she entered the foyer of Cullen's house, looking at the decoration, it was all crystals and pinks. Ugh! Too much pink! Her thoughts took a disgruntled, disgusted connotation. Jasper shot her an understanding yet confused look, the question was clear: 'I know the monstrosity that Alice can cook up, but isn't your birthday to be celebrated rather than mourned?' They were all waiting in the huge white living room; when she walked through the door, they greeted her with a loud chorus of "Happy birthday, Bella!" while she blushed and looked down. Alice had covered every flat surface with pink candles and dozens of crystal bowls filled with hundreds of roses. There was a table with a white cloth draped over it next to Edward's grand piano, holding a pink birthday cake, more roses, a stack of glass plates, and a small pile of silver-wrapped presents. It was a hundred times worse than she'd imagined. Edward, sensing her distress, wrapped an encouraging arm around her waist and kissed the top of her head. Edward's parents, Carlisle and Esme – impossibly youthful and lovely as ever – were the closest to the door. Esme hugged her carefully, her soft, caramel-colored hair brushing against Bella's cheek as she kissed her forehead, and then Carlisle put his arm around her shoulders. "Sorry about this, Bella," he stage-whispered. "We couldn't rein Alice in." Rosalie and Emmett stood behind them. Rosalie didn't smile, but at least she didn't glare. Emmett's face was stretched into a huge grin. It had been months since she'd seen them; she'd forgotten how gloriously beautiful Rosalie was - it almost hurt to look at her. And had Emmett always been so... big? "You haven't changed at all," Emmett said with mock disappointment. "I expected a perceptible difference, but here you are, red-faced just like always." "Thanks a lot, Emmett," she said, blushing deeper. He laughed, "I have to step out for a second" - he paused to wink conspicuously at Alice - "Don't do anything funny while I'm gone." "I'll try." Alice let go of Jasper's hand and skipped forward, all her teeth sparkling in the bright light. Jasper smiled, too, but kept his distance. He leaned, long and blond, against the post at the foot of the stairs. During the days we'd had to spend cooped up together in Phoenix, she thought he'd gotten over his aversion to her. But he'd gone back to exactly how he'd acted before – avoiding me as much as possible – the moment he was free from that temporary obligation to protect her. She knew it wasn't personal, just a precaution, but she couldn't stop being deeply hurt and sensitive about it. Jasper had more trouble sticking to the Cullens' diet than the rest of them; the scent of human blood was much harder for him to resist than the others - he hadn't been trying as long. "Time to open presents," Alice declared. She put her cool hand under Bella's elbow and towed her to the table with the cake and the shiny packages. "Alice, I know I told you I didn't want anything - " "But I didn't listen," she interrupted, smug. "Open it." She took the camera from her hands and replaced it with a big, square silver box. The box was so light that it felt empty. The tag on top said that it was from Emmett, Rosalie, and Jasper. Self-consciously, she tore the paper off and then stared at the box it concealed. It was something electrical, with lots of numbers in the name. She opened the box, hoping for further illumination. But the box was empty. "Um... thanks." Rosalie actually cracked a smile. Jasper laughed. "It's a stereo for your truck," he explained. "Emmett's installing it right now so that you can't return it." Alice was always one step ahead of me, she thought bitterly. "Thanks, Jasper, Rosalie," she told them, grinning as she remembered Edward's complaints about her radio this afternoon - all a setup, apparently. "Thanks, Emmett!" she called more loudly. His booming laugh war heard from her truck, and she couldn't help laughing, too. "Open mine and Edward's next," Alice said, so excited her voice was a high-pitched trill. She held a small, flat square in her hand. Bella turned to give Edward a basilisk glare. "You promised." Before he could answer, Emmett bounded through the door. "Just in time!" he crowed. He pushed in behind Jasper, who had also drifted closer than usual to get a good look. "I didn't spend a dime," Edward assured her. He brushed a strand of hair from her face, leaving her skin tingling from his touch. Bella inhaled deeply and turned to Alice. "Give it to me," she sighed. Emmett chuckled with delight. She took the little package, rolling her eyes while sticking her finger under the edge of the paper and jerking it under the tape. "Shoot," she muttered when the paper sliced her finger; she pulled it out to examine the damage. A single drop of blood oozed from the tiny cut. It all happened very quickly then. "No!" Edward roared as Emmett restrained him. He dodged Emmett and pushed her. Bella felt airborne for a few seconds until a warm, comforting and safe feeling embraced her and she was enveloped in the arms of the empath. She gulped in big breaths of cool night air as she was gently sat over soft grass. She looked at her savior who was crouched in front of her, inspecting her cut, his bright blue eyes boring into hers as he brought her hand to his mouth and lightly sucked off the few droplets of blood that had trickled out of her shallow cut. She watched in fascination as his eyes turned black and he stared at her with his glittering orbs. She was deeply immersed in his eyes as they seemed to swallow her whole. Pillow soft lips pressed into hers and she gave into their dominance, letting go of the self-consciousness and for once, embracing the unknown. Three days and two night after, she was still submersed in that kiss, that singular most exciting kiss she had ever experienced. She parked her truck on the curb as she saw Edward standing near her spot. His car wasn't there. "Come for a walk with me," he suggested in an unemotional voice, taking her hand. She didn't answer. She couldn't think of a way to protest, but she instantly knew that she wanted to. She didn't like this. This is bad, this is very bad, the voice in her head repeated again and again. But he didn't wait for an answer. He pulled her along toward the east side of the yard, where the forest encroached. She followed unwillingly, trying to think through the panic. It was what she wanted, she reminded herself. The chance to talk it all through. So why was the panic choking her? They'd gone only a few steps into the trees when he stopped. They were barely on the trail - she could still see the house. Some walk. Edward leaned against a tree and stared at her, his expression unreadable. "Okay, let's talk," she said. It sounded braver than it felt. He took a deep breath. "Bella, we're leaving." She took a deep breath, too. This was an acceptable option. She thought she was prepared. But she still had to ask. "Why now? Another year - " "Bella, it's time. How much longer could we stay in Forks, after all? Carlisle can barely pass for thirty, and he's claiming thirty-three now. We'd have to start over soon regardless." His answer confused her. She thought the point of leaving was to let his family live in peace. Why did they have to leave if the family was going? She stared at him, trying to understand what he meant. He stared back coldly. With a roll of nausea, she realized she'd misunderstood. "When you say we - ," she whispered. "I mean my family and myself." Each word separate and distinct. She shook her head back and forth mechanically, trying to clear it. He waited without any sign of impatience. It took a few minutes before she could speak. "Okay," she said. "I'll come with you." "You can't, Bella. Where we're going... It's not the right place for you." "Where you are is the right place for me." "I'm no good for you, Bella." "Don't be ridiculous." she wanted to sound angry, but it just sounded like she was begging. "You're the very best part of my life." "My world is not for you," he said grimly. "What happened at my birthday - that was nothing, Edward! Nothing!" "You're right," he agreed. "It was exactly what was to be expected." "You promised! In Phoenix, you promised that you would stay - " "As long as that was best for you," he interrupted to correct me. "No! This is about my soul, isn't it?" she shouted, furious, the words exploding out of her – somehow it still sounded like a plea. "Carlisle told me about that, and I don't care, Edward. I don't care! You can have my soul. I don't want it without you – it's yours already!" He took a deep breath and stared, unseeingly, at the ground for a long moment. His mouth twisted the tiniest bit. When he finally looked up, his eyes were different, harder - like the liquid gold had frozen solid. "Bella, I don't want you to come with me." He spoke the words slowly and precisely, his cold eyes on my face, watching as she absorbed what he was really saying. There was a pause as she repeated the words in her head a few times, sifting through them for their real intent. "You... Don't... Want me?" she tried out the words, confused by the way they sounded, placed in that order. "No." She stared, uncomprehending, into his eyes. He stared back without apology. His eyes were like topaz – hard and clear and very deep. She felt like she could see into them for miles and miles, yet nowhere in their bottomless depths could she see a contradiction to the word he'd spoken. "Well, that changes things." she was surprised by how calm and reasonable her voice sounded. It must be because she was so numb. She couldn't realize what he was telling her. It still didn't make any sense. He looked away into the trees as he spoke again. "Of course, I'll always love you... In a way. But what happened the other night made me realize that it's time for a change. Because I'm... Tired of pretending to be something I'm not, Bella. I am not human." He looked back, and the icy planes of his perfect face were not human. "I've let this go on much too long, and I'm sorry for that." "Don't." Her voice was just a whisper now; awareness was beginning to seep through her, trickling like acid through her veins. "Don't do this." He just stared at her, and she could see from his