AN: So, a new story just after the other. This too was an idea I needed to get out. I will try to update them both, one then the other. But honestly, there's too few Harry/Ginny with a werewolf Harry. Well, I am doing my part to fix that. Warnings: language, graphic depiction of violence, graphic sexual situations. Enjoy, read and review! Harry Potter had enough. It was one thing when the Dursleys insulted him, humiliated him or treated him as if he was worth less than dirt. But he would not have them insult his parents. He knew now from what he had been told from various people of the wizarding world that his parents were good people. Well loved, well respected. Everyone spoke highly of the late James and Lily Potter. So when Aunt Marge came to visit and she and Vernon Dursley, unfortunately his uncle, spoke ill of his parents he- quite literally lost it and blew her up like a balloon. After he did the deed, he went to retrieve Hedwig's cage and his trunk before making his way outside. He was done with this place. He didn't care if he was going to be expelled or if he got yet another chance. Privet Drive was officially dead to him. He kept walking down the street, not really thinking about where he could go. If he was completely honest with himself, he really had no idea what to do now. The consequences of his underage magic- accidental or not- where still unknown to him, he had yet to get a letter telling him off or telling him about his expulsion from Hogwarts. Despite his earlier bravado and anger he was shuddering at that thought. Looking up at the night sky he had to admit that being expelled from Hogwarts would be something that he couldn't handle. Even with all the life threatening dangers he had to suffer in his first two years, it was still his favorite place in the world. He may be famous in the wizarding world but once the students in Hogwarts got over the fact that he was the Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived, wizard extraordinaire... well, after the first few weeks he could feel how people would treat him like they were treating the rest of the student body. He was glad about it since he hated the spotlight so much. His 'little' adventures with his best friends, Ron and Hermione, kept reminding the students of Hogwarts of his special status but those things thankfully blew over fast once the summer holidays hit. Except for last term, his second year. He felt saddened for Ginny, the youngest Weasley sibling. She was so excited about finally being able to join her brothers at Hogwarts only to feel neglected by them so much, that she literally poured out her soul into Tom Riddle's cursed diary, which was smuggled into her school books by Lucius Malfoy. She ended up being possessed by Riddle, who made her open the Chamber of Secrets and free the Basilisk that was kept there. Fortunately no one was killed but the experience still left the usually lively- at least according to her brother's she was lively when she wasn't busy being shy around him- redhead heavily traumatized. So, Harry felt he would do right by her to include her when he wrote to his friends. He offered her to write him about the events if she needed to- an offer, which she readily and happily took. The positive side effect of the exchanges with Ginny was that he actually got to know her. Not the shy redhead who had this hero-crush on him, who stuck her elbow in the butter-dish, who sent him that rather embarrassing poem on Valentine's Day. He got to know the Ginny Weasley who was a little prankster like her twin brothers Fred and George, who was just as passionate about Quidditch as her brothers and him, but no one ever bothered to ask her to play with them. So, she would just sneak out at night to fly on her brothers brooms. He got to know the Ginny who was sarcastic and witty, cared about her academics and still had horrible nightmares. He liked that Ginny. Startled out of his thoughts by a noise, he looked towards the alley it came from. "Who's there?" A low growl came from the alley, making Harry walk backwards and lose his footing, tripping over his trunk. He scrambled back to his feet, taking out his wand as he spotted a set of yellow, savage looking eyes. Stepping out of the shadow into the street and now illuminated by a street lamp was a hulking figure that made Harry pale in an instant. The hand holding his wand was shaking violently, he glanced back at the night sky and saw the full moon. If he was correct in his assumption then that beast in front of him was a werewolf. What else could it be? Bipedalled with thick, dark grey fur, hands with wicked looking claws, a shorter snout than actual wolves but still there. The pointed canine ears. And then those teeth; long and sharp. Predatory. Before Harry could really react the beast was upon him, charging with a speed he simply couldn't match. A clawed hand collided with his side, ripping into his flesh and hurling him to the ground. His vision blurred, both from the tears and nausea the pain brought and the fact that his glasses were now lying a few feet away from him in the middle of the street. He turned on his back, his wand still clutched tightly in his hand. Trying to point it at the beast proved pointless as one heavy hand pushed his right arm down. He looked up, staring right at a snarling snout. So, this is it. Not Voldemort is the one killing me, but a Werewolf. Great. I'd rather a killing curse hit me than this, though. He howled in pain when the teeth sank into his shoulders. Then he blacked out. Alastor Moody had seen a lot in his life, but the reason he was called here was something new. Werewolf attacks were few and far between anyways but for one to happen in a muggle town was troubling. It just seemed too random to be random. "Sir, do we know anything about the victim?" His trainee, Nymphadora Tonks asked. "Nothing." He answered gruffly. "Keep your wand out, cadet. Constant -" "- vigilance . I know." She smirked at him, her wand at the ready. They kept walking for another minute when they spotted the site of the attack. "There." Tonks pointed at the shattered glasses on the ground and a trunk that obviously popped open during the attack. "Did you see an owl somewhere, cadet?" Moody asked. The trainee scanned the area and any high grounds she could see, but there was no sign of any the nocturnal birds. "No, sir. Why?" "Owl cage." Moody pointed at the destroyed cage. They kept scanning, Moody's magic eye already locking on various thing, giving the experienced auror an idea of the situation. Still, he gave his cadet a few moments so she could assess things by herself. "Boss, a wand!" Tonks rushed towards it, close at an alley, and pocketed it in the inside of her robe before gasping as her gaze fell upon something at a dark alley. "Boss, here!" "Lumos." Moodys wand illuminated the dark alley and they both frowned at the sight. A young boy was lying on the ground, his clothes bloodied. He had several bite marks they could make out. Shoulder, hip, biceps. They didn't know how long he had been lying there already but it was obvious he lost a lot of blood already. He was white as a sheet, his breathing irregular and shallow. "I'll send a patronus to 's," Tonks announced, ready to cast. "Wait!" Moody suddenly interrupted her. "Sir?" She asked, confused as to why he would stall her when it was obvious that the young boy was in dire need of help. Moody limped towards the boy, kneeling with a grunt. After brushing the sweaty hair away from the boy's forehead he started cursing wildly. "Call for Dumbledore. Now !" He barked at his trainee. Not questioning her boss, she sent the patronus before turning back to Moody. He was already applying the mixture of powdered silver and dittany on bite marks, cutting the clothes open with a knife to check for more. "Cadet, collect Potter's belongings and bring them here." Tonks was on her way to the trunk before stopping dead in her tracks, turning back to her boss, eyes wide as saucers. " Potter ?!" "Go!" Bleary eyes opened before snapping back shut again. The bright light sent a searing pain into his head. He groaned, his throat parched and body sore. He heard the sounds of movement, and felt something poke his lips. "Mr. Potter, you need to drink." He opened his mouth a bit and realized that the thing poking his lips was a drinking straw. He took a few sips before letting the straw drop, his head back down on the pillow. He tried to open his eyes again, this time the light seemed to be dimmed. Someone must have closed the curtains around the bed he was lying in. He was grateful. "Do you want your glasses, Harry?" A new voice- kind, soft and familiar- said. "Yes, please." He managed to croak out. He felt someone slip the glasses back on his face. They felt different. "I took the liberty of getting you a new pair. Your old pair was unfortunately irreparably destroyed during your attack." Harry looked at the source of the voice. "Professor?" Harry furrowed his brows. "Where am I? What happened?" A sad expression, visible albeit fleeting, appeared on the headmaster's face. "A couple nights ago, after you left your relative's house...you were attacked, Harry. Viciously." Harry tried to remember and slowly the memories came back. That beast. The bites. Harry slowly reached with his left arm to his right shoulder, pulling down the gown he was wearing with trembling hands. There were scars of the bites. "It was a werewolf. Wasn't it, Professor?" "Though it saddens me immensely, you are right. And it was the most vicious. Fenrir Greyback." "Am I...? I mean..." Harry couldn't ask it. It sounded too ridiculous, even in his head. Dumbledore nodded. "You are infected with lycantropy. I am sorry, Harry. You are a werewolf." All he could do was nod numbly. After a few moments of staring numbly at the ceiling he turned back towards his headmaster. "Am I expelled? After blowing up my Aunt, I mean." Chuckling, the headmaster smiled at him. "I have seen to it that the ministry closed both eyes on that matter. You are still welcome at Hogwarts." "But what about my, you know...my situation?" "Don't worry, Harry. One of your father's best friends was a werewolf and was quite a well liked student. To be fair, no one aside from your father's closest circle knew of his condition but we found solutions." Looking at Harry with a kind but serious expression, Dumbledore spoke earnestly. "We have solutions for situations like this, Harry. Don't worry." Looking at the clock, Dumbledore got up. "Now, in a few moments the friend of your father's I mentioned will be here to talk to you about your situation. And Harry," Dumbledore fixated Harry with a piercing look. "do not, under any circumstances, mention your lycantropy to anyone aside from your closest friends. We didn't take you to 's for a reason. Werewolves are not treated kindly in our society. We cannot begin to guess how they would react if they found out that you are infected." Gulping, Harry nodded. "I understand, sir. Umm, aside from Ron and Hermione, can I include Ginny in this?" Amusement was clear in the