AN: Hi guys. This story was in my head for a while and I needed to get it out. I had hoped to find some neat stories with Harry and Ginny both being dark but couldn't find anything, so I formed this idea in my head until it became more and more structured. I hope you guys will enjoy the start. I promise that the farther it gets, the more exciting it becomes. I usually struggle with the beginnings of any story, so I hope this isn't too slow or sth already for you guys. Also, since I am not at home, I wrote this all on mobile. If there are any spelling mistakes, etc. please say so, so I can correct them once I am back at home. Thanks. Now, I need to get several warnings out here. This story will contain: mentions of child molestation/abuse, graphic depictions of violence, graphic depictions of sexual situations, mentions and graphic depictions of animal abuse. This story is not for the faint of heart. This is for mature adults, or those who think they are. This is about children who have suffered horrid things and protected themselves in a shroud of darkness and emptiness until they found the means to lash out. These children are no sociopaths, but they are dark at heart, they lost their empathy when no one showed it to them. They have a twisted black/white sense of justice, they are ruthless. And the older they get, the more they learn...well, you may find out if you decide to see where this will go. Have fun reading! Note: This chapter has been edited. Disclaimer: This wonderful universe is owned by the wonderful J.K. Rowling, not by me. Harry Potter was sitting in the last compartment of the Hogwarts Express. For the first time in his life he felt a kind of freedom that was completely and utterly strange to him. It all began with the first letter he ever received in his life, which his uncle and aunt- Vernon and Petunia Dursley- immediately snatched away. He hated them anyways; which was no surprise, considering the years of abuse he had to endure from them. He would be beaten for getting better marks than his cousin- their son- Dudley, he would be beaten if he didn't finish all his chores in time, he would be beaten when he got bad marks. At some point in his short life he felt himself grow colder and more detached emotionally from the people around him and from people in general. He did seek help from teachers, hoping they would get him out of that house, but that too resulted in a beating. So when those letters came and they wouldn't have him read them he got really mad. After years of having to cook for the Dursleys he knew all their allergies and what they could eat and shouldn't or couldn't eat, he knew of Dudley's peanut allergy. It was a huge drama and temper tentrum Dudley succumbed into when he found out that he couldn't eat peanut butter anymore. Harry decided to help out, so when no one was looking, he put on a healthy helping of peanut butter in Dudley's grilled cheese sandwich before he served them. While the Dursleys started to eat he busied himself with cleaning any evidence that could fault him for Dudley's soon coming predicament. Just a few moments later the Dursleys were in a utter state of panic. Vernon was already turning purple in his rage and marched towards Harry. "Boy! What the hell did you do to my son?!" His meaty fist was already shaking threateningly in front of Harry's face. "I didn't do anything! And shouldn't you be looking after Dudley? I think he's dying." Vernon turned back towards his son after that and gathered the choking Dudley and panicking Petunia towards the car as they headed to the nearest hospital. They were too worried about their son to think about Harry. For the first time they left him alone at Privet Drive. After that everything went quickly. He finally got to read his acceptance letter for Hogwarts, he got beat again, a giant of a man called Hagrid arrived at Privet Drive and explained the wizarding world to him and how his parents died by the hands of an evil wizard called Voldemort, though Hagrid clearly preferred "You-Know-Who", and not in a car accident. Harry threw the Dursleys a withering glare after that revalation. He also learnt how he got his scar and that he was the first and only person ever to survive the killing curse, which also resulted in the defeat of Voldemort. He was sort of a celebrity in the magic community. After that Hagrid accompanied Harry to Diagon Alley were they bought him his snowy owl, which he later named Hedwig, and his wand. At the end of the day, when they finished shopping for Harry's school supplies, he told Hagrid that he could get back to the Dursleys by himself, so the half-giant left him alone and Harry went back to the Leaky Couldron and booked a room for the rest of the summer. The rest of it was spent buying books to help himself understand the wizarding world and some school subjects better and a whole new wardrobe. He would never wear Dudley's hand-me-downs ever again. He was jerked out of his reminiscing when the compartment door opened. He looked towards the door to see a redheaded girl land face first in front of him, making him raise a brow at her before looking up again. A boy witht the girl's hair color, stood at the door, grinning at the tripped girl. "Watch where you are going, Ginny." He drawled. The girl, fuming, got up slowly and turned around, staring at the boy. In one swift motion she pulled his trousers and underwear down, making him reflexively cover himself with both hands, before she pushed him out of the compartment, making him fall down and show his bits for all to see. "Remember this the next time you think you can have a go at me." She said without any sympathy for the boy's embarassment. Turning her back at him, she closed the door and sat down. She looked up and for the first time realized that there was another person here. Black, unruly hair, brilliant green eyes and an old pair of round spectacles that didn't really fit with the nice clothes he was wearing. Then, she saw the lightning bold scar on his forehead. Her heart beat slightly faster but she willed it to calm down. "You are Harry Potter, arent you?" Harry gave a slight nod. "Yeah. That boy," he jerked a thumb towards the compartment door. "Is he your brother? You have the same hair." The girl scrunched her face up in disgust. "He''s my twin. I wish he wasn't. I really don't like him. Or any of my brothers." "Why?" "Because they do stuff like that all the time. And when I get back at them they run to my mom and I get all the blame." Harry knew that she didn't tell him everything but shrugged. Maybe she would eventually. If not then not. It was her business, not his. He held out a hand. "Nice to meet you." Ginny looked at it, then took it. "Nice to meet you too. My name's Ginny Weasley." They sat in companiable silence. Neither of them was much of a talker but they were okay with it. It wasn't uncomfortable and they both were deep in their own thoughts, until the compartment door opened once again. A blonde boy stepped in, accompanied by two other boys who looked way too large for their age. "Is it true?" He said. "They are saying all down the train that Harry Potter is in this compartment. It is you, isn't it?" "What of it?" Harry asked, irritated. "My name's Malfoy. Draco Malfoy." The blonde glanced at Ginny, the redhead returning it with a scowl. "You will soon learn that some wizarding families are better than others, Potter." Malfoy continued haughtily. "Just looking at your...company...I can tell she is a Weasley. Hand-me-downs, ginger, freckles. More children than her family can afford. I can help you at making better friends, Potter." Harry looked at Malfoy with cold eyes. "I know your type. Spoiled, can't do anything without daddy. Even here you walk around with two brainless gorillas. Get out." Malfoy blushed furiously, scowling in anger. "This isn't over, Potter." He turned around and slammed the door shut. Harry returned his gaze towards the window and stared at the rapidly moving landscape. He then looked at the girl. "Your family is really poor?" He asked. Ginny blushed at the blunt question. That topic always made her uncomfortable. She hated that she didn't have anything of her own. Even her wand was second-hand. Everyone knew that a wand should be someone's own. She couldn't have even that. "Yeah...why?" "Just asking. I don't really care one way or the other. But I don't like spoiled gits like that Malfoy bloke." "I heared that the Potters were a really wealthy family once." Ginny pointed out. Harry shrugged. "Maybe. I grew up with my uncle and aunt. They hate magic. They made sure that I know how much they hate it. Up until two months ago I didn't even know there was real magic. Or Voldemort." Ginny flinched at the name but he ignored that. "I was wearing their fat son's clothes and could have fit 4 times into them. These are completely new clothes." He pointed at what he was wearing now. "All I know is that my parents set up a vault at Gringotts with a lot of money for my time at Hogwarts. That's it." He shrugged. "I didn't know your family was so bad to you." "I will get back at them. One day, when I am old enough, they will pay." He said it in a cold and calm voice, but his eyes betrayed the fury he felt inside. "Can I help?" Ginny asked, grinning eagerly. Harry smirked at the wicked gleam in her eyes. "Sure." They both looked up when the food trolley reached their compartment. "Anything off the trolley, dears?" Harry glanced at Ginny, who stared at him. He then looked at the trolley witch. "Two of every sweets you have, please." He paid for it and dropped his arms full of sweets on the seats. Ginny, smirking at him, got up from her seat and sat down right next to Harry. Without a word she picked up one pack of the chocolate frogs and handed it to Harry. "Careful. They move and stuff." The sky had already started to darken when a bushy haired witch with prominent front teeth entered their compartment. "Excuse me, have you seen a toad around here? A boy named Neville lost it." "No, we haven't seen anything." Harry answered. "Well, thanks anyways." The girl was about to leave when he felt her gaze on his forehead. He sighed internally and knew what was about to come. "You must be Harry Potter!" The girl exclaimed excitedly. "I've read about you in Modern Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century when I did some background reading. My family isn't magic at all so of course it was ever such a surprise when I got my letter but I was ever so pleased of course." "That's...nice." Harry answered, not sure what else to say. He scowled when he heard Ginny snigger next to him. "My name's Hermione Granger by the way." The bushy haired girl announced. "And you are...?" She asked, looking at Ginny. "Ginny Weasley." Ginny answered with a forced smile. "Well, it's been a pleasure to meet you, but better get back to my compartment. You might want to change