AN: Getting sick of seeing me already? My third update/upload already today. But it's the last for now. You guys know what I love about universes like the HP universe? It has such a huge room for ideas and such to fill. Like the magic part. You can expand any magic almost infinitely. This is what I do here. And in case that there are some spelling mistakes, missing words, etc. I am really tired right now but want to get this up. Necessary edits will be done tomorrow. I hope you enjoy this. Warnings include: graphic depictions of violence, graphic depictions of sexual situations, extreme language, mentions of abuse Disclaimer: I wish I owned the HP universe but alas, I do not. Harry Potter wandered through hills of lush green, trees only being sparse. The air seemed so clean and wilderness so untouched, he couldn't help that tiny smile that stole itself onto his face. He hadn't smiled in what seemed like forever. After everything that had happened to him in the short thirteen years that he had lived there was no world that held any meaning to him anymore. Years of nothing but abuse and neglect was all he experienced in the muggle world. He had nothing in that world but relatives that hated his guts because he was a wizard. And hoping beyond hope that the magical world would be his safe haven proved to be nothing but wrong. A psychopath hunting him even from beyond death after killing his parents and failing to kill him when he was just a baby and no one would tell him why. A school with a giant basilisk in a secret chamber that no one found in hundreds of years, a school being guarded by soul-sucking fiends and after every school year with its near-death experiences he had to go back to his relatives and suffer their abuse. Add to that the fact the he was a celebrity in the magical world for no other reason than his parents sacrificing themselves to protect him, which resulted in the activation of some ancient magic that protected him... or something like that. He shook his head as he carefully slid down a slope. Not knowing where he was or what he would do felt kind of freeing for Harry. He had no responsibilities and the freedom to live for the first time in his life. Something he lacked for thirteen years. Freedom. And life. And so close to getting at least a bit of that freedom he so craved and the wizarding world took that away too. Again, no trial. Even being a celebrity was not enough in the magical world. He didn't know what those people wanted from him. At times he wanted to yell in frustration, to shout and curse. Love me or hate me, but stop doing both! And stop whispering! Say what you have to say and say it to my face! He found a tree and sat down under its shade. Pulling his backpack forward he opened it and sighed. His food, prepared by a wheeping house elf named Dobby, was dwindling quickly. He hoped he would find some sort of civilization soon. Digging for a sandwich and a photograph of him and a family of redheads he pulled both out. He looked at the photograph and felt himself chocking up. His index finger touched a particular person. The shy smile, the flaming red hair caressed by the wind, the freckles sprinkled across her small nose, the eyes such a bright brown. He knew he loved her, even in his young age he just knew it. Every giggle, every smile seemed to lighten up a fire in his deepest core. But he also knew that he couldn't have her. She was the only anchor he had to the wizarding world but he knew she deserved better. He came with too many problems and this beautiful, gorgeous, impossibly strong girl shouldn't be burdened with any of those. She deserved something that the universe seemed so adamant on denying him. Ginny Weasley deserved a life. His backpack was prepared, his two most priced possessions double and triple checked. All he needed to do was to say goodbye. The wizarding world didn't seem to be too bothered about his wellbeing and after Sirius- his godfather, locked away for twelve years without trial- seemed so close to freedom, to become his legal guardian, they took that away too. They didn't just kill, Sirius. No, they had Dementors suck out his soul. Killing him wasn't cruel enough. He took a calming breath and began to write his farewell to the one person that he wanted to leave the least. Leaving her was something that broke his heart but he knew deep down that it was for the best. He had to do it. Not for himself, but for her. Dear Ginny, I don't know where to begin, so I will just write down what I think I need to say. I thought I finally could get away from the Dursleys but that ended up being taken from me too. It seems that anyone with any relation to me has to suffer. They either die or rot in prison without trial. Who knows what else people close to me suffered without me knowing. There always seem to be people who meddle in my life, who try to hurt me in one way or another. I don't know if it's intentional or accidental but I can't take it anymore. So this is farewell. I will be long gone by the time this reaches you. Neither the muggle nor the wizarding world means anything to me anymore. I just want peace, freedom and a life. I don't want to be celebrated because my parents died to protect me. I don't want to be beaten up because I am a 'freak' and get better marks than my cousin. I am sorry, Ginny. I know that you liked me a lot and that this will hurt you, but it is something that I need to do. I also want you to know that I do love you. You are the most talented, the strongest and most beautiful witch I know and if things were different I would want to spend every day of my life with you. But they aren't. I know I shouldn't decide things for you, but in this case it is necessary. I just come with too many problems. If something happened to me, and sooner or later that will be the case, it would just hurt you. If something happened to you because of me, I would never be able to live with myself. I am sorry for doing this now, but at least once I wanted to say this. I love you, Ginevra Weasley. You deserve a normal, peaceful life. I hope you will find it. Maybe one day we will see each other again. If not, then I will see you in another life. Yours forever, HJP He rolled up the parchment, shouldered his backpack and donned his invisibility cloak over himself before he activated the Maraudeurs Map. He sneaked up into the owlery and looked for Hedwig. Taking off his cloak upon finding her, he held up the parchment. "Hey, girl. Listen, this is very important." When satisfied that he had her attention, he continued to explain. "I need you to hide this letter for two days. Find a dry spot, some place that doesn't ruin the ink. After two days, you will give this letter to Ginny Weasley and only Ginny Weasley. If anyone else tries to take this letter from you then you are allowed to bite and scratch. When she gets this letter you are free to leave. Don't wait up for an answer. I will run away, Hedwig. You can follow me if you want or you can be free, that's up to you. If you want to be with me, I will go this way." Harry pointed her the direction. "I will see you soon, I hope." He scratched the top of her head affectionately before handing her the letter. He trusted her that she would carry out her job to perfection. Now it was time to leave and find his own path. Ginny Weasley was beside herself with worry. The whole school was abuzz with the news of the Harry Potter's disappearance. He vanished right under the nose of the person who was supposed to never miss anything. Glaring at Dumbledore, she wondered if Harry was okay. She wondered if he was hungry or hurt, if he was sick. She just wanted to hear from him in some way. She let out a shaky sigh, as she pushed her food around on her plate. After the Chamber of Secrets fiasco Harry and she had finally gotten close. He noticed that there was more to her than just being Ron's little sister. And he was the one who always offered her a shoulder to lean on when her nightmares got to her again. Not once did he complain. She also got to know him as Harry James Potter instead of as Harry James Potter- the Boy-Who-Lived . It was those little tidbits she found out about him that built the foundation of the new feelings she developed, changing from her hero- crush to true love. She wouldn't know if Harry returned her feelings but she did dare to hope that there was a chance for something between them. And now this. Harry gone, disappeared without a trace. "Ginny, you really need to eat something." Hermione said softly, worry etched on her face. Ginny nodded, without actually eating. It was then when the owls came and an almost perfect collective gasp echoed through the hall at the sight of the infamous snowy owl that everyone knew belonged to one Harry Potter. Everyone's gaze followed the owls path and Ginny's eyes widened when the owl landed in front of her, a rolled up, dry but dirty piece of parchment between her beaks. Ron reached out for it but Hedwig flew up and scratched Ron's hand with her talons. "Are you mental?! Bloody owl.." Ron muttered angrily, nursing his bleeding hand. "Ginny, you should take it. Obviously it's only meant for you." Hermione urged her. With shaking hands, Ginny took the parchment and as soon as it was in her possession, Hedwig flew away. Unrolling the parchment, Ginny started to read. First her eyes started to mist over, then her chin started to shake, followed by a ' no...' before she let out a sob and rushed out of the hall, leaving the letter behind. Hermione reached for the letter and read it herself. "Oh no, Harry..." She sighed, a few tears escaping her. "Why did you have to do this?" "What is it?" Ron asked her. Hermione handed him the letter without a word and Ron's scowl deepened with every sentence. "Bloody idiot couldn't save his stupid declaration...how is Ginny supposed to live through this?" He ran a hand through his hair, frustrared. "You realize he left us out completely?" He asked his bushy haired friend. "He probably had his reasons." She shrugged but couldn't stop the feelings of hurt and betrayal. "I suppose." Ron replied, not feeling convinced. "Come on, we need to show this to Professor Dumbledore. And then we need to find your sister. She must be devastated." "Yeah..." A week had already passed since he left behind everything. His food supply had run out and there was still no sign of civilization. He warily sat down on a rock, tired. With magic out of question because of the trace he had to rely on his limited muggle survival skills, which didn't really help in his situation. He had lost his sense of direction and had no idea in which way he could find the closest settlement or village. He let out a desperate