AN: Another new story, heck yeah. It was just that I saw the occasional fem!Harry story out there and ignored them, then I saw fem!Harry/Riddle and was like whaaat but I was so bored and needed something to read and well, long story short: I liked it and it gave me too many ideas and too much inspiration to ignore. And here we are. Warnings include: graphic sexual situations, graphic depictions of violence, explicit language, graphic sexual sitations between an adult and a minor, mentions of rape and child molestation Read at own risk. Disclaimer: I ain't own nuthin'. She landed heavily with a thud, her breathing hard. Shakily getting up she looked around. It definitely was a graveyard, albeit an old one. It looked decrepit, as if it hadn't been looked after in a long time. Her gaze fell on a particular towering headstone with an Angel of Death statue next to it. It read Tom Riddle Sr. Her heart sped up in excitement. A groan next to her caught her attention and she looked down at Cedric Diggory, who slowly scrambled to his feet. "Potter...do you know where we are? Is this part of the tournament?" He asked her. She sneered at the fool. How he had managed to get a hold of the cup at the same time as her still baffled her. "I have an inkling. If you want to even have a chance to survive this you should go and hide." She added. He looked at her in confusion but made a run for it and hid behind a headstone in the far corner of the graveyard. It was then that she noticed a hooded figure walking towards her. Before she could even say anything she was stunned. When she came back to, she was bound to Tom Riddle Sr's headstone. In front of her she saw a huge cauldron. She tried to look inside of it and could just make something out, but the fiery sparks shooting out of it made it impossible to really see. She then noticed Peter Pettigrew, not able to stop herself from sneering at the man in disgust. He then began a ritual. "Bone of the father, unknowingly given. You will renew your son!" "Are you reviving the Dark Lord?" She asked Pettigrew in an excited whisper. He ignored her as he pointed the wand at the grave, making it shake before a bone appeared out of it. He dropped it into the cauldron, turning the potion into a poisonous blue. She arched a brow when she saw Peter shake and turn pale. "Flesh of the servant," he began, picking up a knife and holding his hand over the cauldron, "willingly sacrificed." He cut off his hand with a pitiful scream, the hand dropping into the cauldron with a sickening sound. "You will revive your master." The potion turned into a burning red as he finished between whimpers. He then turned to her. "Blood of the enemy, forcibly taken." Her eyes widened suddenly. "Wait!" She exclaimed but before she could continue to explain he cut her arm and with the knife and collected her blood. "No, you idiot!" She tried to kick him in anger but he just shot a look at her and emptied the vial with her blood into the cauldron. The potion turned into a blinding white before it turned into a thick steam. Inside of the steam she could make out the rising silhouette of a naked man. She could see him touching his body and his face before a deep voice spoke. "Peter, robe me." The whimpering mass of Peter Pettigrew got up, handing a set of robes to the man. He stepped out of the cauldron and she could finally see him. She let out a small gasp. It was not what she expected, though she wasn't sure what exactly she was expecting. In front of her stood Tom Riddle and he seemed to be in his early twenties. "My wand, Peter." "M-m-my Lord..." He whimpered as he handed the wand to his master, before cowering again, holding the bleeding stump of his arm. Riddle took it and stroked it almost reverendly. It was obvious how much he had missed the feeling of it in his hands- his real hands. He was lost in thought, something that hadn't been the case in a very long time, at least not this calmly. He remembered when his mind would jump from this calm to a jumbled mess and back in seconds. He remembered the mad paranoia he suffered from since he created his fourth horcrux. It was only thanks to his exceptional occlumency skills that he didn't completely lose his mind, even after he completed his seven horcruxes. But this...this was unexpected, this complete control of his mind. Then he turned and looked at her, the girl that destroyed his body when she was but a mere toddler. He still did not understand how it could have happened but it mattered no more. He had a new body, he had defeated death, he had the girl bound and at his mercy. But, instead of looking scared for her life, like one should expect, she looked at him in...yes, he would have to say awe, admiration even. It confused him, he couldn't deny that. "My Lord . . ." Tom turned back to Wormtail who was crawling towards him, "my Lord . . . you promised . . . you did promise ..." Wormtail's robes were shining with blood now; he had wrapped the stump of his arm in them. "Hold out your arm." He said without a hint of compassion for his servants pain. "Oh Master . . . thank you, Master ..." Wormtail extended the bleeding stump, but Tom shook his head. "The other arm, Peter." "Master, please . . .please ..." Riddle quickly lost his patience with Pettigrew. He bent down and pulled out Pettigrew's left arm; he forced the sleeve of his robes up past his elbow, baring the Dark Mark that was tattooed there. Tom examined it and stroked it almost lovingly. "It is back." he said softly. "They will all have noticed it... and now, we shall see ... now we shall know ..." He pressed a finger onto the mark, Pettigrew howling in pain. He gave a victorious laugh. "How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it?" he whispered, his dark eyes fixed upon the stars. "And how many will be foolish enough to stay away?" He then turned back towards the girl. "Lillian Potter." He whispered, smirking at her. "You stand upon the bones of my late father. A filthy muggle. Very much like your mother." He gave a low chuckle. "But they both had their uses in the end. Your mother died to protect you and my father, after I killed him, proved himself useful in his death." Lillian didn't know what to say. She had wanted this. She read up all she could about Lord Voldemort and Tom Riddle, she snuck out so many times late at night into the restricted section of the library, learning dark and dangerous spells and she tried out so many of them on any animals she could find. She even had a favourite spell by now. 'It would be easier if I was a bloody Gryffindor...' She thought to herself. Sometimes being a Slytherin did have its drawbacks...like not having the courage to speak up to the wizard you admire the most- the Dark Lord himself. "Crucio!" Suddenly she was hit by a blinding pain. Her entire body convulsed, the ropes cutting into her soft skin as she strained against them. Then the pain stopped and she whimpered in relief. "You will talk when spoken to." Riddle barked at her. "I-I'm sorry, my Lord..." She answered, finally finding the words. Riddle gave a loud laugh. "Found your manners, didn't you?" He looked around the graveyard. "Ah, here they come..." Several pops sounded around them as cloaked and masked figures apparated into the graveyard. Her muscles still twitching, she tried to find a more comfortable position against the tombstone. She looked up and saw several Death Eaters standing at attention before their Dark Lord. She scoffed when she saw glimpses of long pale blonde hair under one of the hoods. He was a pathetic excuse of a servant for the Dark Lord and his talentless squib of a son was nothing but a whiny, spoiled brat. No matter their bloodline, the Malfoys were a family she abhorred. Suddenly, one of the Death Eaters crawled forward on his knees and kissed the hem Tom's robes, animating the others to do the same. She heard them murmer "Master" and "my Lord". She scoffed again, audibly this time. "You show some respect you filth!" One of the Death Eaters shouted at her as they formed a small circle around her, Riddle and the still sobbing heap of Peter Pettigrew. "Silence!" Riddle barked. "Thirteen years. Thirteen long years since we last met like this, my Death Eaters. Yet here you are, answering my call as though it was only yesterday. We are still united under the Dark Mark then, aren't we?" He looked around. "I think not! All I see is once loyal followers who denied me, who plead innocence, who plead bewitchment. Where were you when you could have come to my aid? Did you think I was gone? Dead even? You, who knew the steps I took to defeat death itself?" "Master, forgive me!" One of the Death Eaters flung himself forward, crawling on his knees towards Riddle. "Forgive us all!" Riddle looked at him in disgust and raised his wand. "Crucio!" The Death Eater screamed in pain as Riddle looked around at his followers. "I do not forgive! I do not forget! But you want it? Then earn it! All of you have a debt of thirteen years to pay!" He lifted the curse, the Death Eater panting and whimpering in pain. "Get up, Avery." He said, before looking at Pettigrew. "Peter here has paid off some of his debt, haven't you Peter? Despite your cowardice, despite your returning to me out of fear of your friends instead of your loyalty to me...you helped me return to my body. Never shall it be said that Lord Voldemort does not reward his followers." He made some waving motion with his wand and conjured a silver hand which attached itself to Peter's stump. Peter Pettigrew looked at it, his eyes wide and teary. "My Lord! Thank you!" He grabbed the hem of Riddle's robes, kissing it repeatedly. "This is so much more than I deserve!" "I know." Riddle sneered before kicking at Peter, so he would release his robes. He then stepped towards Malfoy, his long blonde hair not fully hidden under his hood. "Lucius, my slippery friend." He spoke to him in his deep, smooth voice. "I heard about your exploits at the Quidditch World Cup. While they sound amusing enough, wouldn't your energy have been better invested in finding and aiding your master?" He asked, his tone calm but the danger it was laced with sent shivers down Lillian's spine. "My Lord, I was constantly on the alert," came Lucius Malfoy's voice swiftly from beneath the hood. "Had there been any sign from you, any whisper of your whereabouts, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have prevented me -" Lillian couldn't stop the loud snort that escaped her and tried to suppress her laughter but couldn't stop that either. She felt the eyes of everyone present on her and while she couldn't see his face she could imagine the thunderous look on Malfoy's face. Riddle looked at her with a bemused expression. "I am curious about what it is you find so amusing, Lillian Potter." He didn't ask for her to elaborate. He ordered her and she knew it. "I am sorry, my Lord."