A/N: This is my second piece of fan fiction - a Twilight themed story, of course! For those of you who like more snark, sass, and citrus, this is the fic you'll wanna keep up with! No set in stone update schedule, but I aim for something every 2-3 weeks depending on how hellish RL gets for me. Thanks to my amazing beta/wonderful friend Chloe Masen. I'll be thanking you until I go to the fan fic graveyard. ;) Reviews are like taking a little back side thrusting from DuRob - so please, by all means, feel free to leave some! - N. Characters belong to SM. Everything else belongs to me. Chapter 1 – Wanna Make a Bet? Bella's POV "Bella, over here! Smile for us!" Several flashes went off and my vision became speckled with hundreds of dots of various sizes and colors. I nudged Rose in the back, trying to get her to move down the red carpet. She kept stopping, jutting her hip out and posing for the photographers, her crimson lips pulled back in a seductive smile. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes, not wanting to show up in one of the trash rags tomorrow next to some ridiculous headline about being a bitch. Alice was already inside, and I chastised myself for not walking behind her instead. Being best friends with two Manhattan socialites was practically a full-time job. Rosalie Smith and Alice Erickson grew up together on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Both of them came from "old money" as they called it. Rosalie's great great grandfather developed what was eventually reworked, updated, and transformed into the most common projector used in movie theaters today. Alice's grandfather was one of the founding CEOs of New York Stock and Bond, a bank that started out small and grew to become one of the largest, most well respected in all of Manhattan. Both of them had attended the Brearley School before going on to Harvard, where they met me. We all had English Lit together our first semester. Alice sat next to me and was gracious enough to share her notes and bum me a cigarette after class. She introduced me to Rose and they offered to show me around Boston. Four hours and too many high-calorie desserts from Finale later, we'd bonded and were already making spring break plans. Now here we were, eleven years down the road, living out the last year of our twenties. Alice and I owned our own public relations firm in Midtown. We had a multitude of clients, ranging from small local businesses t one or two names that lingered on the top of Hollywood A-Lists. Rose surprised us all, dropping her pre-med track and majoring in business and marketing. In the end it was the right decision, because coupled with her artistic talent, she'd become a well known and highly sought after fashion designer. Her spring 2012 collection had just debuted, and stylists were already calling to book looks for the winter award shows. Tonight's charity gala at the Guggenheim was just one of a laundry list of events that Rose and Alice went to each year. Sometimes I got the popular-by-association invite in the mail, and on rare occasions (especially if Josh Duhamel was on the guest list) I'd cough up the money and attend the dinner, drink the free champagne, and ogle all the high society types that were there. Tonight was one of those rare occasions. After a few more photo ops Rose and I finally made our way inside. I grabbed two flutes of champagne from the first waiter I saw and promptly downed them both. Rose looked at me with a hint of mischief sparkling in her warm brown eyes. "It's gonna be one of those nights, huh?" She winked before grabbing two flutes for her and pouring them back. I giggled and waved Alice over. "Could you take any longer on the carpet? Christ Rose, I thought Bella was going to have a panic attack!" Alice scowled at her before turning to me. "Do you need a Xanax honey?" I cringed remembering what had come to be known as "the Great Red Carpet Disaster of 2009" in our circle of friends. "I'm perfectly fine, ladies! Let's eat so we can get our drink on!" I led the way to one of dozens of lavishly decorated round tables. We seated ourselves and flagged down a waiter for another round of champagne. People kept coming over to schmooze with Rose and a few of them asked Alice and I about PR representation. Rose was kind enough to let me borrow a dress from one of her collections for the event, and I felt like a queen in the silky gray fabric. Even though this had never really been my scene, I always enjoyed getting to be "somebody" for one night. That's all I ever wanted was just one night, after which I could go home, slip into my Harvard sweats, throw up my hair, put my glasses on, and be just plain old Bella, the small-town girl from Forks, Washington who really didn't know (or give) two shits about being hip. "Look, there's Emmett!" Rose tugged on my arm and pointed across the room. Emmett Hale was a Broadway actor turned producer/director. Rose had been pining after him ever since she saw him in last year's big Broadway spectacle, Breaking Dawn . The performance earned him a Tony Award and his stylist dressed him in pieces from Rose's men's collection for the big night. He was definitely an attractive guy with a tall, muscular build, short, wavy blonde hair, and eyes the color of the ocean. Alice and I were convinced he was gay, but Rose was bound and determined to prove us wrong. I giggled as she checked her reflection in her compact before strutting across the room and planting a big, crimson colored kiss on his cheek. "She's got balls I tell ya." I held my empty glass in the air, signaling the waiter for a refill, while Alice giggled in agreement. "What Rose wants, Rose gets, even if he is homosexual." Alice clinked her glass against mine and winked at me. I sipped my champagne and surveyed the crowd. Dinner was over, which meant cocktail hour would commence, and people were already starting to mingle in the various rooms throughout the museum. I grabbed Alice's hand and pulled her towards the door. "C'mon Al, there's too many single men to check out and too little time to do it!" "You're a terrible influence, Swan." Alice giggled as we made our way to the patio. That was the best thing about living in Manhattan – you never knew what the night would bring. Edward's POV "Glenlivet on the rocks." I tossed a ten on the bar, knowing full well the drink was free, but the bartender's ass alone was reason enough to tip big. She slid the drink towards me and I smiled suggestively before tossing my business card on the bar as well. My eyes surveyed the crowd of people before me. The Guggenheim was one of my favorite spaces in the city. To see it turned in to some highbrow charity dog and pony show broke my heart a little. Then again, I was here myself wasn't I? "You are one slick mother fucker, you know that?" Jasper Whitlock slapped me on the back appreciatively. "Most of New York knows that my friend. Where have you been all these years?" I laughed and Jasper bumped his fist against mine. We grew up next door to one another in Brooklyn. We went to the same schools, spent summers in Europe on vacation, and roomed together during our freshman year at New York University. Now here we were, 31, still single, and living the dream (whatever the fuck that was) in the Big Apple. "See any potentials here? Aside from your drink-pouring admirer." Jasper took a swig of his beer and leaned against the bar next to me. My eyes scanned the room once more. Too short. Too curvy. Too loud. Too made up. Too … Holy shit. She was standing just outside the door to the patio, holding a cigarette in one hand and a glass of champagne in the other. The fabric of her dress clung to her curves, showing off her small waist and her petite, firm ass. She had the most amazing rack I'd ever seen and her legs … well, let's just say the hardness in my pants showed my approval. Her brown hair fell in waves past her chin and onto her shoulders. I knew right then and there that I needed to have her. And I would have her – later tonight. "I believe I've found my next conquest…" My voice trailed off as I weaved my way across the room. She was engrossed in a conversation with her friend when I cleared my throat. "Can we help you?" She smelled like a combination of oranges and cigarettes. Her eyes were bloodshot and glazed over, and some of her words slurred together. All the easier it will be to take you to bed, sexy, I thought to myself. "Do you know anything about iPhones? Mine seems to be broken." I hit her with the puppy dog eyes and a sheepish grin, holding the phone out to her. Her friend rolled her eyes and tapped her foot impatiently. I recognized her from somewhere but my scotch-induced stupor prevented me from remembering any details. "What's wrong with it? Not that I'd know anything about it, I haven't progressed past the flip phone era, but I could try to fix it." She took a gulp of champagne, probably to stop her nervous ramblings. "Your number isn't in it," I said matter-of-factly. I was prepared for an eye roll, followed by a nervous smile, followed by the girl giving me her number and having several cocktails with me before going back to my place. This girl was different. She choked on laughter and the champagne sprayed out her nose and all over the front of my Armani suit. Her brown eyes grew wide and her hand flew over her mouth in embarrassment. "I'm so sorry! I can't believe I did that! But really, can you blame me? Who uses pick up lines these days?" I chuckled despite myself. Under normal circumstances I'd be furious with this bitch. This suit had cost me almost two grand. Her eyes and her smile somehow managed to extinguish my anger. "Don't worry beautiful, with tits like those, you don't need to apologize for anything." This girl was a spitfire and I probably should have known better than to speak to her that way. Her expression quickly changed from one of mild-embarrassment to one of all out rage. She handed her champagne to her friend, took two steps towards me, drew her arm back, and WHACK! – slapped me (harder than I'd ever been slapped, might I add) across the face. Then, adding insult to injury, she set my phone on the table next to me, and poured the remainder of her champagne all over it. "That should fix your problem. Now you can't run your disgusting mouth to any of the poor women in your phone book ever again." She spun around and grabbed her friend's wrist. "C'mon Alice. This asshole doesn't deserve our company." They disappeared into the crowd before I even had a chance to process what had happened. "Ouch, man! What the hell was that?" Jasper asked, clapping his hand on my shoulder. I shrugged it off and made a beeline for the men's room. I looked at my reflection in the mirror, adjusting my tie and dabbing at the champagne stains with a wet paper towel. If this was any other woman, I'd be furious. My brunette didn't have that effect on me. Her standoffish behavior