A/N: Happy Holidays! This story was originally a part of the Countdown to 2014 - Fact or Fiction. If you'd like to check out the other stories, or the collab, visit the countdown page: www . fanfiction s / 9731139 / 1 / Countdown-to-2014-Fact-or-Fiction (remember to remove the spaces or it won't work). Christmastime is by far my favorite time of the year. The lights, the hot cider, the music, the cookies, and the general ambience put me on cloud nine from the end of November until about the middle of January. I've never written a Christmas themed piece before, so I was plenty happy to whip this one up! Thanks again to breath-of-twilight for taking the time to organize the countdowns and do the posting! Thank you for taking time to stop by and read this little story. I love to hear your thoughts, so please share them if you'd like! As with my other piece, you can hazard a guess at fact or fiction while reading, and I'll give an answer at the end! - N. Characters belong to SM. Everything that happens to them belongs to me. The Wish " Jingle bell, jingle bell, jingle bell rock…" Rosalie King resisted the urge to roll her eyes and plastered a big, fake smile on her face. As a girl she'd grown to love this song. Now, while it played for what seemed like the fiftieth time that day, she decided she never wanted to hear it again. "Do you think they'll ever get a new rotation of Christmas music around here?" Bella Cullen grumbled from the seat next to her. Rose simply sighed and shrugged her shoulders. "Who knows?" Fifteen customers and two more rounds of rocking jingle bells later, the bank closed down and the tellers busied themselves with their end of shift tasks. "We're heading over to MainStreet for drinks after this," Bella said, making small talk as she counted out her cash drawer. "You should come with!" "Tonight's not a good night," Rose answered automatically. "C'mon, Rosie! Emmett's going too," Bella wiggled her eyebrows mischievously. "I'm sorry Bells, but I really can't. I need to get new tires on the van before any more snow falls, and that's going to cost me everything I have saved up." She'd never divulge personal information like that to her other co-workers. She and Bella had become good friends during the two years they'd worked together at First Bank, however, and she knew she could trust her not to say anything – or pass judgment. "Nonsense, silly girl. Drinks are on me! Edward got his Christmas bonus, and I am more than happy to spread the holiday cheer to those I care about." Rose bit her lip and thought about Bella's offer. On one hand, it would be great to get out. When she wasn't working, Rose took on the role of a single mother to three beautiful children. Needless to say, nights out with friends were few and far between, especially around the holidays. On the other hand, she hated looking like a charity case. She knew Bella had good intentions, but since her divorce earlier that year, Rose had prided herself on being independent – especially when it came to finances. "Can I take a rain check?" Bella's face morphed into a pout, but Rose could see understanding in her eyes. "I suppose. Are you coming to the company holiday party next week?" Rose nodded. "I can't miss that. Peter would have too many questions." Peter was their branch manager. He was a nosy bastard who had no compassion for his employees. As a result, Rose had tried to keep knowledge of her divorce to a minimum. "Fuck Peter," Bella said, locking her cash drawer and standing. "He goes to these things hoping that someone will get drunk and provide him with water cooler gossip. He's scum." Rose smiled and locked her own drawer up. "Tell me how you really feel about the situation." "You don't want to know." The two women made their way to the employee lounge, where they clocked out and bundled up in their winter attire. The closer it got to Christmas, the colder the air seemed, and as Rose wrapped the thick wool scarf around her neck she was reminded for the umpteenth time why she disliked winter. "Have a cocktail for me tonight," she told Bella, giving her a hug and a light kiss on the cheek. "You're sure you need to take a rain check?" The tiny brunette fixed her big, brown eyes on Rose. "I'm sure. But thank you for the invitation! I promise I'll take you up on it next time!" A horn honked behind them, and the two women turned to see Edward's Tahoe pulling up. He rolled the driver's window down and stuck his head out. "Rosalie King, you get more beautiful with each day that passes." "If beautiful means overworked and tired as a dog, then you're spot on." "Aren't you coming out with us?" Edward asked as Bella climbed carefully into the passenger seat. Rose shook her head and smiled sadly. "Duty calls at home." "She'll be at the holiday party," Bella piped up, leaning over her husband and waving out the window. "She better be." Edward winked and put the truck in gear, honking the horn once more before pulling away from the curb. Rose crossed the street to where her van waited, starting the vehicle and brushing off the thin layer of snow that coated the windows before beginning the three-block commute home. Prior to getting married, small town suburban life had terrified her. Now Rose loved it. Or maybe it was simply the suburb she lived in that she loved. Hopkins was one of the inner-ring suburbs to the west of Minneapolis. It was on the small side, both in size and population, with a total of about 17,000 residents. Her ex had grown up nearby, and when the time came for him and Rose to pick a place to settle down and raise a family, it was his first choice. Now, ten years and one bitter divorce later, she and the kids remained in the home they had once shared in the small downtown area of the city. Royce, on the other hand, was back in Chicago, living his life in the Midwest metropolis that had originally brought them together. As she pulled into her driveway and cut the engine, Rose felt the usual bitterness that accompanied thoughts of her ex husband. She had met Royce King while studying at the University of Illinois at Chicago. She was studying art history, he was studying finance, and they had bonded over their shared love of the Blackhawks and craft beer one night at a mutual friend's party. They got married just before graduation, and moved to Minnesota shortly after so Royce could work at the accounting firm his father was a partner at. She got pregnant with their oldest, a sweet blonde beauty named Joey, a year after they moved. Money was never an issue for the king family, so Royce convinced Rose to stop looking for a gallery job and stay at home with the baby. Two years later their son Chris was born, and four years after that she got pregnant with their youngest, David. By that time their marriage had started to suffer. Royce was more interested in advancing his career than being a father to his children, a fact that they had spent many a night arguing over. He became bitter about her staying at home, despite the fact that he was the one who originally insisted on it, so Rose had picked up part-time hours at the bank in hopes of mending the fences that were quickly crumbling. Her newfound job upset Royce even more, and he accused her of not being there for him or the kids. When she found out she was pregnant with David, Rose had hoped the announcement would act as a point for them to start over and work on becoming a family again. Unfortunately it hadn't worked that way, and when she sat down with Royce to share the news, he surprised her with divorce papers. David had just turned four months a week earlier, which meant the divorce had been finalized for six. Royce let her keep the house and have full custody of the children. Unfortunately, that meant she inherited all of the associated costs as well. Her former in-laws had offered to pay off the home, but Rose turned them down. She refused to become one of those women who allowed others to take care of her. Instead, she took a full-time position at the bank, moved her mother up from Chicago to look after the kids, and started doing some freelance graphic design work in her spare time. She earned just enough to make ends meet, but not quite enough to splurge on nights out at the bar with friends. A tap on the van window startled her, and she turned to find her mother standing next to the vehicle. She cracked the door open and shivered at the cold air. "Are you okay? You've been sitting out here for a half an hour." The older woman's brow was creased with worry. "I'm fine, ma. I was just thinking about some things." Rose cut the engine and climbed out of the van. Rebecca Hale slid her arm around her daughter's shoulders and gave them a squeeze. "It gets easier. I promise." Tears prickled the back of Rose's eyelids, but she gave her mom a small smile. "For me, the kids, or you?" "All of the above. I'm not the one who matters here, however. It's you and the three precious faces inside that do." "Of course you matter, ma. I know this hasn't been easy on you either." "I love you and those kids more than anything in this world, Rosalie. I'll always be here to help, regardless of how easy – or not – it is." The tears finally spilled over, and Rose turned to wrap her mom up in a hug. "Mommy!" Joey's voice carried across the yard. "Chris put a pea up David's nose and he can't get it out!" "I'm coming, sweetheart," Rose said, wiping at her eyes. Her kids kept her strong, even in her greatest moments of weakness. Rose took a deep breath and put what she called her "mommy mask" on. She could shed all the tears she wanted later in the privacy of her bedroom. She would not, however, shed any in front of her children. -TW- "What am I going to do about Christmas?" It was early Saturday morning and the kids were still in bed, which meant Rose could discuss her holiday woes freely with her mom. "Has Royce sent you anything?" Rose shook her head. "Nope. Six months and I have yet to receive a single child support payment. He doesn't even call regularly to talk to the kids." "That's ridiculous." Rebecca set a cup of coffee in front of her daughter and took a seat across from her at the kitchen table. "It's not like the man needs to worry about money. Have you heard anything from his parents?" Not since I told them their money is no good here , Rose thought. She hadn't told her mom about the Kings' offer to pay off the house. She knew Rebecca would chastise her for refusing their help. The only person who understood her reasoning was Bella, and even she had taken a while to come around. "Not in months. I'm sure they'll have gifts sent over." "I bought some things for them myself, and I know Alice and Jasper just put some things in the mail too. They'll have gifts, Rose." "From their grandparents and aunt, yes, but not from their mother." She curled her fingers around the coffee mug, letting the heat seep