A/N: This is my first time delving into horror or suspense, so please be gentle. This piece was originally a part of the Countdown to 2014 - Fact or Fiction. If you'd like to read the other stories, as well as the collab, head on over to www . fanfiction s / 9731139 / 1 / Countdown-to-2014-Fact-or-Fiction (make sure to remove the spaces or it won't work). Halloween is one of my favorite holidays. I've always loved having the opportunity to be someone I'm not for an evening, especially when it meant I could wear a wickedly fun costume. You can hazard a guess as to whether this is factual or fictional while you read, and I'll reveal the answer at the end. Thanks so much to Breath-of-twilight for organizing this event! Thanks to WitchyVampireGirl for giving this a once over and reassuring me it doesn't suck. Lots of love to you both. One last thing – this is my official character death warning . One or more of your favorites might not make it out alive. If this is a hard limit, I wouldn't go any further. There is also some gore in here, so you've been warned about that as well. I'd love to hear your thoughts! Enjoy! - N As always, these characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. The fucked up shit that may or may not happen to them is entirely my doing. The Outsiders November 1, 2013 Charlie Swan took a swig of his coffee and glanced at his surroundings. The small Forks Diner was packed with people, which was nothing unusual. A steady stream of chatter filled the air, and the town's police chief couldn't help but smile as he enjoyed his breakfast. There was something to be said about small town life, and the Sunday morning scene before him was a perfect example. "More coffee, Chief?" Charlie nodded. "Thanks, Leah." The waitress grinned and filled his mug to the brim. He was about to dig in to his eggs when the television above the counter caught his eye. He set his fork down and pushed his plate away. "Leah, can you turn the volume up on that set?" "Sure, Chief." She grabbed a remote and did as he requested, causing the voices around him to die down. "Jessica Stanley is live on the scene of what Seattle police are calling the most gruesome crime in the city's history." The picture changed to that of an attractive brunette in a KING5 fleece jacket. Crime scene tape and police cars acted as a barrier between her and the large white house that loomed in the background. "Thanks Mike. Officers are on the scene investigating what appears to be a mass murder in the Georgetown neighborhood." The news anchor moved aside and gestured to the home behind her. "Police received a call from a neighbor at two this morning, complaining of loud music and screaming coming from the home. What they found inside can only be described as something one would see in a horror film." Georgetown? Didn't Bella say she was at a party in Georgetown? Charlie swallowed back the lump that had formed in his throat and reached for his phone. He knew his daughter's number by heart, but he just couldn't seem to get the digits entered correctly. By the time he finally got the call connected, his pulse was racing. " Hey, this is Bella. Sorry I missed your call, but if you leave your name and number I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Thanks!" "Fuck," the chief muttered. The feel of a hand on his shoulder startled him. "Everything alright, Charlie?" Billy Black looked back and forth between the chief and the television. For fucks sakes, Swan, get your shit together. Bella probably told you she was going to a party on the other side of town last night. Hell, you don't even know if there was a party in that house last night. He took a deep breath and shook his head in an effort to compose himself. "Everything's fine, Billy. Just catching up on the news." "Crazy shit, isn't it?" Billy took a seat on the stool next to Charlie and shook his head. "There are all sorts of nasty people in this world. I'm just glad none of them have found their way to Forks." "So am I, Billy," Charlie muttered. "So am I." The chief turned his attention back to the television, where the newscaster was once again discussing the crime scene. "The remains of what appear to be eight bodies have been recovered from the home. Police Chief King is expected to hold a press conference within the hour, where he will make an official statement about the situation. We'll go back to Mike Newton in the newsroom." The screen changed once more and Charlie frowned. There was no reason for him to be worried. Bella was probably at home, recovering from a hangover and lounging with her boyfriend. She'd forgotten to charge her phone on more than one occasion, and the fact that she probably did it again wasn't a cause for worry. There was no way his daughter was lying lifeless beneath one of the tarps on the front of that Georgetown lawn. She simply couldn't be. One Day Earlier… "Vampire?" "No way! Too cliché nowadays." "Sexy nurse?" "Nah, there will probably be five girls there with that costume already." "Cat?" "That's what you went as last year, Rose. You can't be the same thing two Halloweens in a row." Bella Swan crossed her arms over her chest and frowned. They'd been to three different Halloween stores that morning, and the selection of good costumes seemed to dwindle more at each one. "Maybe we should have figured this out sooner." "May I remind you, we just got invited to this clam bake two days ago. In fact, if I recall correctly we were all planning on boycotting Halloween this year." Rosalie Cullen pulled a bag containing a skimpy Playboy bunny costume off of the rack and held it up. "How about this one? It even comes with a fluffy little tail." "How did we get invited anyway?" Bella asked, pretending not to notice the ridiculous scrap of fabric. "I guess this Jasper guy is in Emmett's o-chem class. He and his wife moved here shortly before the start of the semester, and they don't have many friends in town. Em felt like he had to say yes when the guy asked him to come to the party." "Have you met him? I mean, does he seem legit?" Bella grabbed a bag containing a Wonder Woman costume and tucked it under her arm. "Define 'legit'." "I don't know; not a crazy psychopath?" Rosalie laughed. "No, I haven't met him, but I'm sure Emmett only RSVPs to parties hosted by non-psychopathic individuals." Bella couldn't help but smile. An outsider would probably think their conversation was crazy. People who knew them well, however, had come to expect this type of banter over the years. Bella and Rosalie had grown up next door to one another in the small logging town of Forks, Washington. They hated each other's guts until seventh grade, when Mr. Molina paired them up for a semester-long history project. Hours spent together revealed that Bella wasn't as straight laced as Rosalie presumed, and that Rosalie's arrogance was simply a mask she used to hide her glaring insecurities. The two became inseparable after that. When the Masen brothers moved to town the spring of their sophomore year, Rosalie made it her mission to hook Bella up with Edward, the younger of the two. She succeeded, and at the same time ended up falling for Edward's older brother Emmett. At the end of Emmett's senior year, the four friends made a pact to attend the University of Washington in Seattle. Three years later they were doing just that, and renting a house together off campus. "I've got it – Cat woman !" Rose exclaimed, pulling the costume off a rack and inspecting it. "Shall we try these on?" "Yes, we shall." Bella led the way across the store to the makeshift fitting rooms. "What is Edward going as?" "He won't tell me," Bella answered, checking her reflection in the mirror. The costume fit perfectly and showed off the few curves she had. "Well at least you aren't going as a themed pair this year. No offense Bells, but that shit stopped being cute years ago." "Gee, thanks for waiting until now to clue me in on that." "You're so welcome," Rose drawled, sarcasm hanging on her words. She shoved the Catwoman ensemble back into its package and flung open the curtain between their two rooms. "Wow. You should go as topless Wonder Woman." "Get out of here," Bella mumbled, crossing her arms over her bare chest and kicking her friend in the butt. Rose simply laughed and made a beeline for the register. Half an hour later they were back at the house. Rose grabbed a bottle of vodka from the freezer and poured two shots. Bella looked at the alcohol warily. "You do realize this party doesn't start for another four hours." "It's one shot, Bells, not the whole bottle. You'll have plenty of time to get your head righted before we leave." Rose pushed the shot across the counter and grinned wickedly. Bella shook her head and rolled her eyes, but picked the glass up. "Cheers!" the girls exclaimed, clinking their shots together and tipping them back. Here's to a night we'll never remember, Rose thought with a smile. With friends that we'll never forget. -=-TO-=- Edward Masen liked to keep things simple. Fortunately dressing like a vampire was just that. It took him a total of ten minutes to get ready for that night's Halloween celebration. "Bella! Are you – Jesus fucking Christ." His breath caught in his throat when his girlfriend appeared at the top of the stairs. The red and gold corset top fit like a second skin, hugging her frame perfectly and drawing attention to her already-ample breasts. Her long legs were covered in thigh-high red stockings, held up by garter straps that disappeared beneath a blue mini-skirt. Matching red stiletto heels added a good five inches onto her short frame, making her legs look like they went on and on forever. Her dark hair, adorned with a gold tiara, hung in loose waves around her head, and a light but noticeable amount of makeup coated her face. Edward swallowed hard and reached down to adjust his erection. "Like what you see?" Bella asked, descending the stairs and sliding her arms around his waist. She could feel his arousal, and it made her giggle. Edward bent his head down and gently pressed his lips against her earlobe. "I'd like it a lot better if it was in a pile on the floor." His warm breath cascaded across her neck, leaving a trail of goose bumps in its wake. "It has to go somewhere later," Bella teased, standing on her toes and giving him a chaste peck on the lips. "Now we better go or we're going to be late." "You're such a fucking tease," Edward muttered, giving her a light swat on the ass and grabbing his keys and the directions Emmett had jotted down. The drive to Georgetown took twenty minutes, and Bella found herself in awe when Edward pulled the car to a stop in front of Jasper's house. It was three stories high, white in color, and covered with at least a dozen single paned windows, all framed by black shutters. A porch wrapped around the front of the house, and Halloween decorations were dispersed throughout the yard. Black lights illuminated the windows on the first story, and Bella could see shadows looming behind a few of them. A chill ran up her spine, and for a brief moment she contemplated staying in the