I know this is a few days late, but I didn't want to leave this sitting in Doc Manager a whole year before I published it, plus the Christmas season isn't technically over yet anyway, so Merry Christmas, everyone, and Happy Holidays if you don't celebrate Christmas! I hope you all had a wonderful day filled with food and family and friends and laughter (whoops, broke the alliteration ;)), and I hope this little story will brighten your winter even further. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters of Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Of Course Percy's Sixth Christmas "Mommy!" Percy rushes off the bus and into Sally's arms, and she frowns at the tears in her son's eyes. "What's wrong, sweetheart? Did something happen at school?" Percy hiccups. "Tanner Michaels told me Santa wasn't real. And when I said he was wrong, he said . . ." Sally feels her eyebrows furrow together, and the heat of protective anger begins to build in her chest, that rare emotion that Sally only ever feels when the welfare of her son is involved. "What did he say, Percy?" Percy gulps down a fresh set of tears. "He said, 'What do you know, you dummy? You can't even read. You're . . .'" He sniffles. "'You're retarded.'" Sally gasps. "He said that?" Percy nods, and that bubble of anger expands, filling her lungs. "Look at me, Percy—look at me. Don't you ever believe anyone who calls you that. They're all wrong, okay? Tanner Michaels, and anyone else who uses that word. You are not dumb, and you are certainly not . . . that other awful word that nobody should use. You are a strong, intelligent young man, and you know how to read—I know you do, Percy. You're just learning a little slower than anyone else. Don't you dare worry about that. Everybody learns at their own pace." She smiles at him gently. "You know, I didn't learn how to read until I was seven. " Five-year-old Percy gapes at her. " Seven ?" Sally nods. "And now I read giant books all the time, right? So you have nothing to worry about. You'll be reading at top speed in no time." Finally, she releases her son from their hug and straightens up from her crouch. "Oh, and about what Tanner said about Santa Claus?" Percy stares up at her trustingly. "Yeah?" "That was a big fat lie," she reassures him. "Santa's as real as you or me. How else could he have known that you didn't just want any action figure last Christmas, you wanted a deluxe adjustable Spiderman action figure that shot string webbing?" Percy grins, his fragile childhood faith restored. "Right. Tanner Michaels is the dummy." "Percy! Tanner Michaels shouldn't be using that word, and neither should you." "But he said it first—" "That doesn't make it okay. You shouldn't insult people, even if they're mean to you first. Being mean right back won't make up for it." "Oh. Sorry, Mommy." Percy's large green eyes are hopelessly sincere. "It's okay, Percy," Sally smiles, leaning down to ruffle his hair. "Just don't do it again. Now let's go inside and bake some Christmas cookies, okay?" "Yay!" he announces, and Sally can see the exact instant when the word "retarded" stops looming over his head. His eyes clear, and he smiles at her. "Can we add blue sprinkles? I bet Santa really likes blue sprinkles." "We could add blue sprinkles," Sally laughs. "Or I could use magic food coloring and make the entire cookie turn blue." Percy's mouth hangs open. "You can do that?" he asks in awe. Sally nods. "So . . . can we make all the cookies blue? And then add blue frosting? And blue sprinkles?" "Of course we can, Percy." Sally doesn't mention that the food coloring will make his tongue and lips and hands turn as blue as the cookies. She doesn't add that the dye could stain his white uniform shirt. When it comes to Christmas, there isn't much Sally won't do to keep that innocent glow in Percy's eyes. Percy's Eighth Christmas "What are you doing?" Gabe growls when Sally leaves Percy's room at ten o'clock and immediately begins rummaging in their linen closet. "Shh, Gabe, you'll wake Percy," she scolds, bolder than usual. "I just got him to stop trying to climb onto the fire escape. He wanted to get to the roof and wait for Santa." A smile graces her lips at the thought. But it quickly fades when Gabe scoffs. "That kid still believes in Santa? What an idiot. Sally, you have to set him straight." She slams the door harder than is strictly necessary—so much for not waking Percy—and whirls on Gabe, who is lounged out on their ratty old recliner with his gut sticking out of his too-small t-shirt. Sally resists the urge to gag. "Set him straight?" she hisses instead. "What, I should take away the sparkle in his eyes when he wakes up on Christmas morning to a full stocking and presents under the tree? I should stop him from beaming when he sees the crumbs of blue cookie on the plate he set up so carefully?" Gabe snorts. "The kid's stupid enough as it is. Don't make him look dumber by keeping up this ridiculous fantasy. Besides, he's too old for this nonsense." Sally bristles. "He's seven , Gabe. He's still in elementary school. He's not too old for Santa Claus." Anger flashes through Gabe's eyes, but for once, Sally doesn't back down. She won't ruin Christmas for Percy just because Gabe is a jerk. "Look, Gabe, I've never asked you for help buying Percy's presents or setting up the tree or decorating the apartment or anything having to do with Christmas, and I'm not about to start now," she snaps. "You can stay sprawled out on that chair, or you can help yourself to some of Percy's blue cookies, or you can go to bed, or you can do whatever the heck else you want tonight, and I'll guarantee that there will be three extra-large bags of Cool Ranch Doritos, plus a dish of my seven-layer dip, wrapped and waiting for you under the tree tomorrow." She starts shaking. "But if you make one more comment about how Percy shouldn't believe in Santa tonight—or, gods forbid, that you tell him Santa isn't real—you can bet your job at the Electronics Mega-Mart that you won't be getting that food. I'll . . . I'll run down the street and give it all to that crazy homeless guy on the corner." Gabe raises his eyebrows and considers her threat. "Whatever, Sally. Use your own salary money to buy me a six-pack of decent beer as an added Christmas present, and I won't breathe a word to that delinquent child of yours." On any other night, Sally would have refused to fuel his alcohol addiction. But tonight, when Percy's innocence is at stake . . . "Fine," she spits out, wondering which of her own presents she'll have to return to make up for this splurge. "Fine. But if you say anything to Percy—" "My lips are sealed," Gabe smirks, settling farther into his recliner and belching contentedly. "Run along, Sally dear. Go get me that beer. But ," he adds, and suddenly his voice is softer and more deadly, and Sally resists the urge to flinch, "don't you ever use that tone of voice when you're talking to me again. I'm in charge of this apartment, not you." He crosses his arms. "You'll regret talking back to me, Sally Jackson." Two nights later, Gabe gets his revenge. Sally uses up half of her bottle of concealer during the next week to hide the bruises. Going to work and walking in heels with a busted-up knee is no picnic either. But in the end, Gabe is so wrong. Sally doesn't regret what she said to him, not at all. Not when it kept Percy believing in Santa Claus for another year. Percy's Ninth Christmas "Mom, I swear that guy walking past us only had one eye," Percy insists, grabbing her arm. "Come on, Mom, look at him. He only has one eye." Sally tenses and prays that the Cyclops doesn't hear what Percy's saying. "Don't be rude, Percy," she manages through clenched teeth. "Just because he's missing an eye doesn't give you the right to point and stare. He's probably very sensitive about it." "No, he's not missing an eye, Mom," Percy corrects her. "He just only has one. It's right in the middle of his face. Come on, Mom, look—" "Percy, don't be silly," Sally says, reaching out and turning his head away from the monster in question. "People don't have eyes in the middle of their faces." Percy frowns. "But I'm sure —" "You must be mistaken," she interrupts, practically yanking Percy down the street and away from the Cyclops. "Maybe his eyes are just close-set, and you didn't notice the second one." Percy hesitates. "Maybe . . ." "Definitely," Sally says. "Now come on, you're the one who said you wanted to get new Christmas ornaments this year. Help me pick them out." It's destroying Sally to keep lying to her son like this. But what choice does she have? Her only other option is to tell Percy the truth and send him off to Camp Half-Blood—and she knows full well that while that camp can build Percy into a hero, it will also almost certainly get him killed. So she keeps squashing his beliefs in any sort of mythological creature, especially the Greek ones. And she resolves that as long as she's lying to him, she may as well keep one of his beliefs alive. "By the way, Percy, it's December 5th. You really need to get around to writing your letter to Santa, or he might not get it in time." Percy's Tenth Christmas The next year, Gabe blows all their grocery money on poker games and cheap beer, and Sally finds herself dishing out her Christmas present money just to keep food on the table. But when she explains that money's a little tight right now, so there won't be as many gifts as usual, Percy isn't fazed. "That's okay, Mom," he says, smiling at her reassuringly. "Don't worry about buying me anything, then. I'll still have my presents from Santa." Sally freezes. "Right," she finds herself saying, offering up a smile of her own. "Of course you'll still have those presents." Even now, she can't bring herself to snap Percy's thin tether to innocence. Instead, that night, she goes into the living room and takes down a conch shell that Poseidon gave her in Montauk over ten years ago. "I know I said I didn't want any help from you in raising Percy, that we agreed it was too dangerous and would increase his scent," she mutters into the shell, feeling like a fool. "But you also said that if I ever did need something, all I had to do was use this conch shell. So . . . here I am, using it." She laughs awkwardly, not sure how to talk to a man that vanished from her life a decade ago. "There's nothing I need—not really—but I had to call about Percy. You see, he still believes in Santa, and with all the Styx that he's going to face in a couple years, I figured that it's the least I can do to keep that innocence alive as long as possible. But the only problem is, I don't exactly have enough money to buy him gifts this year. So I was hoping . . ." Her voice cracks. "Oh, never mind. You're probably busy with—with your godly duties anyway." Without another word, she returns the shell to the bookshelf. For the next few weeks, no shopping bags magically appear on Sally's doorstep. No one conveniently drops a fifty-dollar