This is part of a fic exchange with the lovely fabulouslaughter, who will hopefully be posting her half of the exchange sometime soon. (I forced her to write Leyna and I am not ashamed hehe.) Anyway, she gave me a fic title and a pairing, and I came up with this! Fabulouslaughter, I hope you like this, and I hope anyone else reading this fic does too! Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own HoO or any of its characters — not even the minor ones like these two losers. Fire Hazards Hylla's face was smashed against the surface of her desk when the clack of heels made her jerk upright and hurriedly pat her hair down. "What are you doing here?" she asked somewhat rudely, not even looking at the new arrival. "I don't have an appointment scheduled for another hour." "I know," the new arrival said, the slightest hint of cheekiness attached to her voice. "Then for gods' sakes, why are you—?" "I'm sorry, I should have explained. I know because I was just given your schedule. I'm your new assistant." Hylla blinked, and when she opened her eyes there was a manicured hand thrust under her nose, waiting for a shake. For five seconds, she didn't move. Then she pushed that manicured hand aside and finally looked at the girl invading her personal space. Hylla had seen this particular Amazon around the warehouse before, and she'd always noticed how pretty she was in a slightly wild, I-could-slit-your-throat-open-and-not-lose-any-sleep-over-it kind of way. But that didn't keep Hylla from leaning back in her chair and crossing her arms. "Kinzie. Who assigned you to be my new assistant?" Kinzie shrugged. "There was a search committee apparently? Nobody told me I was even a candidate, but all of a sudden people were handing me schedules and piles of business attire and telling me to get ready for my new job, so I guess—" It was probably unfair of Hylla to take out her misery on this girl, but that didn't stop her from doing it anyway. "I don't need a replacement assistant," she snapped, digging her fingernails into her palms to keep herself from breaking something. "Anastasia was irreplaceable, and now that she's gone I am perfectly capable of doing this job by myself. So please go back to whatever you were doing before, and tell whoever was on that 'search committee' that I didn't authorize any such thing and they had no right to go behind my back like this." Kinzie frowned. "No offense, Queen Hylla, but it's been six months and you're not fooling anyone when you say that you can handle everything on your own." "I can —" "Do I have to remind you that you still have a red mark all down the side of your face from sleeping on your desk? And that you have single-handedly doubled the amount of coffee grounds that we have to buy each month?" "How—how do you know that?" "I'm in charge of cataloguing all the shipping orders that come in and out of this warehouse," Kinzie informed her. "I mean, lots of our people work under me—after all, the Amazons are all about shipping, right? But I'm in charge." Hylla narrowed her eyes . "If you do so much around here, then why haven't I ever had a meeting with you? Surely I should have had to discuss all sorts of organizational things with you." Kinzie's lips twisted upwards. "Maybe I'm just that good at my job. Maybe that's why the search committee wanted me to be your assistant." Kinzie glanced around Hylla's office, and then she started thumping her fingers against her clipboard in a deliberate pattern. Ba-da-dum, ba-da-dum. "Obviously you could use the help." Hylla frowned at the paper stacks on her desk, at the larger stack of folders awaiting sorting in front of her wall-length filing cabinet, at her emergency oh-crap-I-have-a-meeting-this-afternoon-and-I'm-still-wearing-my-leather-jumpsuit pencil skirt draped over her floor lamp. "It's an organized chaos," she claimed. Without really thinking about it, she started mimicking Kinzie's tapping pattern on her desk. Ba-da-dum, ba-da-dum. "I don't need anyone coming in here and messing up my system." "You don't have a system. Come on, Queen Hylla. Let me help you—" "No!" Hylla snapped. "I will not have another assistant, and that's an order. Now get out of here and go back to your shipping catalogues, Kinzie." Kinzie's fingers stopped tapping and clenched around her clipboard. Her knuckles whitened. "Fine," she said slowly. "But just so you know, I'm pretty sure that pencil skirt on the lamp is a fire hazard." Before Hylla could respond, Kinzie stalked out of the room. For a few weeks, Hylla stubbornly continued her system of organized chaos. While managing the entire enterprise, as well as her Amazons themselves, she also tracked down the head of the assistant search committee and politely told them that if they ever tried to do something like that without her permission again, she'd slap an iron collar on all of them and treat them like men for a month. Then she went back to her office, slammed the door shut, and filled out half a million forms. At least, she tried to fill out half a million forms . . . but her plans were ruined by one stupid signature on one stupid shipping request. Anastasia Trokostovich. Written in that stupid looping handwriting that had taken Hylla three weeks to learn how to read. Oh, gods , Hylla wasn't prepared to see that writing again. With a strangled yell, she balled up the shipping request form and threw it across the room. Five seconds later, Hylla realized that she'd actually do anything to see Anastasia's handwriting again. She slid out of her chair, knocking off a few portfolios in the process, and walked over to the paper with wobbly knees. It had landed underneath her floor lamp. Hylla sat down, lifted the form with shaking fingers, and smoothed it out slowly, staring at every loop and swirl as if memorizing her signature would bring Anastasia back. For a while, that name seemed to be the only thing in the world that mattered. It wasn't until Hylla stood up again, still clutching the form, that she realized that her office looked . . . different , somehow. It took her a minute to pinpoint all the differences, but she eventually found them all. For one thing, the stack of folders in front of her filing cabinet had shrunk by at least two feet. Also, the mess of papers on her desk was now a mess of papers with three distinct sections: completed, mundane, and urgent, if Hylla had to guess. Without even thinking about it, she had been pulling papers from the urgent section all week because they were the closest to her—and placing papers in the completed section because it was conveniently located right next to her right elbow. But Hylla knew that she hadn't had time to organize all her work because gods, she barely had time to eat these days. And if she hadn't done it . . . Slowly, Hylla turned around to inspect her floor lamp. Sure enough, her fire hazard of a pencil skirt was no longer dangling from it. Hylla would have bet $10,000 in furniture orders that it was now neatly pressed and hanging in her closet. With a frown, Hylla deposited Anastasia's form on her couch and left her office. It took her a solid thirty minutes to find Kinzie—thirty minutes that she didn't have, but Hylla wasn't about to let this go unnoticed. When she did track the Amazon down, Hylla found her pressing one of their male workers against some supply crates and kissing his face very enthusiastically. She crinkled her nose, considered turning around and walking away, and quickly decided that she hadn't spent all this time finding Kinzie just to be deterred by some passably cute guy in a jumpsuit and iron collar. "Kinzie? Uh, if you don't mind, um, putting a hold on your recreational activities, I'd like to talk to you." If Kinzie was surprised or embarrassed, Hylla couldn't tell. She just bit down on the guy's lip, winked at him, and lazily peeled herself away. "We'll continue this later," she promised, and then she sauntered off. I'm the one in charge , Hylla thought. I should be leading her. But she followed Kinzie anyway. "So," Kinzie drawled, "what did you want to talk to me about? I was kind of busy, you know." Hylla raised her eyebrows. "Obviously not busy enough. When did you start coming into my office and moving my stuff around?" Kinzie started up that same finger tapping again. Ba-da-dum, ba-da-dum. "The day after you kicked me out," she admitted. "I have your schedule now, remember? So I saw that you had a three-hour meeting scheduled and figured I'd clean up while you were busy. And since then, I've just kind of popped in whenever I knew you weren't in your office. Did it really take four weeks for you to realize that your room was cleaner?" Hylla opened her mouth to retort and ended up squinting at Kinzie instead. "It's been four weeks already?" "Oh my gods ." Kinzie crossed her arms. "See what I'm saying about how overworked you are? Let me be your assistant, Queen Hylla. Honestly, you won't even know I'm there." Hylla looked away. "I can't let you do that, Kinzie. Thank you for the help you've already given, but you've done more than enough already. You can go back to, uh, what you were doing before." "But Queen Hylla—" "Just . . . choose a different supply crate next time," Hylla added before she could stop herself. "You two were making out on top of a ton of volatile Greek firecrackers. I'm pretty sure that's a fire hazard." Slowly, Kinzie's mouth twisted into a smile. "All right, Queen Hylla. I'll keep that in mind." Despite Hylla's best efforts, she kept seeing evidence of Kinzie's presence in her office. One day, all her completed forms were stamped and enveloped, ready to be sent out to their proper locations. Another day, she found a post-it note reminding her to call some manufacturer about some deal that Hylla had completely forgotten about. (Fortunately, Kinzie's spiky handwriting was very different from Anastasia's scrawl, so it didn't make Hylla cry too hard.) If she had an important meeting at a gods-awful hour of the morning, she always found a cup of coffee and her favorite doughnut flavor waiting on her desk when she came in to grab her portfolio. And yet she never once caught sight of her semi-assistant - until one day when Kinzie came skidding into Hylla's office and squeaked. "You're not supposed to be back here for another hour!" she protested. "What are you doing?" "My meeting let out early," Hylla shrugged. "What's wrong?" "I always come in when you're not here so I won't get in your way," Kinzie frowned. "You know that. And I usually come as soon as you leave so I can work for as long as possible, but today I got pulled aside for a minor shipping crisis and spent forty-five minutes arguing with the HR department at Microsoft, gods , and then a crate fell on Rita's arm so of course I had to pull her free and take her to the infirmary, and then— " "Wait. Why were you the one to pull Rita free? We have a team of Amazons to deal with factory accidents." "Yeah, well, she got hurt because I was talking about some ordering logistics with her while she was lifting some heavy crap, so obviously I couldn't just leave ." Hylla saw Kinzie tapping her hand against her thigh— ba-da-dum, ba-da-dum— and frowned. The movement was faster than normal and much more erratic. She usually did it so methodically. . . . "Kinzie, how long have you been awake?" "Uh, a