*coughs* I know I should be writing TSOF or WaM right now, especially considering that BoO's release is just around the corner(!)... but I have no regrets. Oneshots are sort of all I'm capable of right now because, among other reasons, school=no free time. :P Besides, I've been wanting to write a Frazel story since SoN but have had exactly zero ideas. So when the fabulous fabulouslaughter asked/coerced/forced me into doing a sort of story trade with her, and then gave me an awesome Frazel prompt, I couldn't resist. ;) Basically, she wrote this story summary for me, and I wrote a story summary for her, and we each wrote a oneshot that fit the summary. This was written pretty quickly, but I hope you all enjoy the result anyway! (Just pretend that everyone survived the end of BoO, okay? Okay. ^-^) Disclaimer: I don't own Heroes of Olympus. Plans "This is . . ." "Nice?" Frank grinned. "I was going to say 'weird', but nice works too." Hazel laughed and leaned her head on his shoulder as they looked down Half-Blood Hill at the Greek camp spread below them. "I know what you mean," she admitted. "It's almost the same . . . but at the same time, it's totally different." Frank didn't have to ask to know she was talking about the layout of Camp Half-Blood compared to Camp Jupiter's. "I know what you mean," he began, "but it's not just that. Everything is weird. The two camps are allies now. Friends, even. And we didn't even know this place existed three months ago. We fought an entire war, and we made amazing friends, and we almost died a thousand times, and now . . . it's so quiet . We don't have to worry about fighting for our lives at any minute. I don't even have that many duties as praetor, since we're staying here and enjoying an extended vacation. It's just . . . it's weird." He made a face. "I don't know how else to describe it." "No, I know exactly what you mean," Hazel promised. "I've been feeling that way too, actually. So then I started thinking . . ." She paused, sneaking her hand across to his. His fingers curled around hers readily. Sometimes, between the craziness of the war and the close friendship they'd had before, well, they became more than friends, Frank almost forgot that they were dating. He slipped into getting nervous whenever Hazel was around, worried that he'd say something that gave away how much he liked her . . . and then she'd do something like this—hug him for no reason, reach for his hand, kiss his cheek—and he remembered in a flash that she already knew how much he liked her. And by some miracle, she liked him back just as much. Slowly, Frank realized that Hazel had trailed off. "So?" he prompted, shattering the comfortable silence. "You were thinking?" She jumped. "Oh, sorry. I was just thinking . . . you know, with everything going on . . . well, we never really, um, made this very official?" Frank tensed. "This isn't official?" he asked, getting nervous all over again. "This isn't couple-y enough? What did I do wrong?" Instantly, Hazel shifted and kissed his cheek. "Gods, nothing's wrong," she assured him. "That's not what I meant. We're definitely together and everything. It's just . . . well, we've never actually been on a date?" At that, Frank's mouth dropped open. "Oh my gods ," he said, "you're right!" He flushed. "I never even thought about that. That's probably pretty weird too, huh? As far as normal relationships go?" Hazel laughed. "Who knows? It's not like a normal relationship was ever in the Fates' plans for us anyway. I can summon jewels and control the Mist. You can change shape. I died seventy years ago. I'm okay with not being normal, Frank." He straightened up, and Hazel followed his lead. "Still," he said indignantly. "I can't believe we've never gone on a date, Hazel." "We did spend most of our time on a boat—" "No excuses! I have to fix this immediately!" He grabbed her other hand and turned to face her. "Today's . . . what, Thursday, right?" She nodded. "Then, Hazel Levesque, would you like to go on a date with me this Saturday?" "Did you really have to ask?" Hazel answered with a smile on her lips and a spark in her eyes. "But the weekend starts tomorrow, doesn't it? Why wait 'til Saturday?" There was a beat of silence. Then, "Capture the Flag is on Friday," Frank reminded her, "and I promised Percy we'd help cream Annabeth's team." Hazel smirked. "You're right. I'd almost forgotten we already had plans for Friday night." "More than plans," he grinned. " Obligations ." Frank continued to smile as they talked strategy for their imminent victory, but secretly, he was thanking Percy for giving him a good excuse. In all honesty, he was just stalling. After all, they'd spent the last three months fighting Gaea. And no matter how much Aphrodite/Venus and Ares/Mars kidded themselves, love and war did not mix well. He hadn't exactly had time to become an expert in romance. How the heck was Frank supposed to plan their first date ? After a quick prayerful sacrifice of the best bacon strips on his plate, Frank slid into place next to Percy at Cabin Three's dining table. (Now that camp was filled to maximum capacity with Romans, Chiron had pretty much given up at the "separate by godly parent" rule at mealtimes.) "Frank!" Percy grinned cheerfully, already digging into blue waffles. "Just the guy I wanted to see! I heard that you and Hazel have already thought of some great ideas to help us steal the flag tonigh—" "I need your help," Frank cut in, shoveling a bite of scrambled eggs into his mouth as he spoke. Percy's smile dimmed slightly. "With what? Need to work through a hole in one of your plans—" "Not everything is about Capture the Flag, Percy," Frank muttered around his eggs. "This is serious. " "Capture the Flag is serious too," Percy said automatically, but when he stopped eating to swig some milk and take a look at Frank's face, he stopped joking. "Wow, that bad, huh?" Frank guessed his panic was smeared all over his face. "What's wrong, man?" Frank gulped down his food and sighed. "It's Hazel." "What? You guys are fighting? But I had you two pegged as—" "We're not fighting, Percy," Frank interrupted. "Hazel's as perfect as ever." "Oh." Percy frowned. "What's your problem, then?" "The problem is that I can't be as perfect as she deserves," Frank complained. "Percy, we're supposed to go on a date Saturday night!" Percy raised his eyebrows. "Okay. First of all, I am the last person you should be asking for dating advice. I honestly can't believe Annabeth's stuck with me this long. Secondly, I don't know why you're freaking out. It's awesome that you guys are going to get a chance to spend time togeth—" "It's a date, Percy!" Frank continued, talking over the son of Poseidon. "Capture the Flag strategies I can make, but how the heck am I supposed to plan a good first date ? Especially after we've been through so much together! She's got to be expecting something thoughtful and impressive. Something original. Something fun. Something amazing —" "Morning, Frank!" Hazel stopped by their table to peck him on the cheek. "How are you doing?" "Erm . . ." Frank glared at Percy, who was leaning over his blue waffles and snickering. "Fine, I guess?" "Oh, good. Because I was thinking about, you know, what we discussed yesterday, and I just wanted to make sure you knew . . . I don't want you to go to any trouble planning that thing for Saturday, all right? It's not supposed to be a big deal. We can just stay at camp and walk on the beach if you want." She smiled. "Spending time with you will be great, no matter what we do." Then she headed off to a brazier to sacrifice some of her breakfast. As soon as she was gone, Percy burst out laughing. "It sounds like you have nothing to worry about, Frank," he said between gasps of air. "And really, are you that surprised? You know Hazel's cool, and she knows you're both new to all of this. She's not going to expect some crazy grand romantic gesture from you." Frank snorted. "First of all, never say 'grand romantic gesture' again. Secondly . . . thanks. Actually, that was vaguely helpful. I'll just stick to something simple." "Hey, what brings you here, Frank?" Jason asked. "Surrendering already?" "Hardly," Frank snorted. "Our team is going to destroy yours tonight." "You forget, Praetor Zhang," Jason grinned. "We have a strategic genius on our side." "And what does that make me?" Frank shot back. " My plan is what saved your butt during that last battle in Athens, remember?" "Whatever," Jason shrugged, and Frank knew he'd run out of arguments. "But if that's not the reason, then why are you here?" "Oh, just getting a second opinion. Hazel and I are going on a date on Saturday, and—" Jason's mouth dropped open. "Isn't that your first date?" "Yeah," Frank said, somewhat apprehensively. "But Hazel told me not to worry about being creative, and Percy agreed with her, so—" "Frank, you cannot listen to advice from Percy." "He's been dating Annabeth for over a year—" "And he's lucky that Annabeth's kept him around this long," Jason finished, lifting an eyebrow. "Actually, that was exactly what he said too," Frank admitted. "Right after he told me that he was the last person I should come to for dating advice." "And you're still listening to him?" Jason said, aghast. "Look, man, I'm not exactly an expert on girls either, but I'm nowhere near as clueless as Percy. Let me prove it to you. What advice did he give you?" "Well, he told me to listen to what Hazel told me and keep it simple—" "See? That's ridiculous! You can't settle for something simple!" Frank frowned, wishing that Jason would let him complete a sentence. "But she said—" "Yeah, girls all say they're fine with something simple," Jason sighed, "but that's just so they don't seem needy. All girls secretly want you to come up with a grand romantic gesture, Frank." "Oh, gods, don't you go saying 'grand romantic gesture' too," Frank groaned. "And you can't honestly expect me to believe that Piper cares about that sort of thing. I'm pretty sure Leo told me you tried to get her roses for Valentine's Day, and Piper laughed and said they were sweet, but Valentine's Day was a pretty outdated holiday and she hadn't been planning on doing anything special for it." "Okay, maybe," Jason admitted. "But think about it. For the first time, you guys can relax and date without worrying that you could easily end up in the Underworld tomorrow. Don't you think you should celebrate that somehow? Do something fun and exciting to appreciate the fact that you're relatively safe?" Frank slumped. "Yeah, you're right," he grumbled. "Thanks for sticking me right back at square one. Do you at least have any ideas for things I could do?" "Hey, don't look at me, dude," Jason said, raising his hands. "You're the one planning this thing. You're the one who has to come up with an original way to make Hazel feel special. It won't mean anything if I give you the idea." He shrugged. "Besides, I have no clue what you should do. Just don't be cliché." Frank threw his hands in the air. "Well, thanks for nothing . I look forward to beating you at Capture the Flag tonight." Now that Percy and Jason had been proven useless, Frank decided to ask for