So I wasn't planning on posting this until I finished TSOF and WAM because gosh dang it I feel so bad about not completing those projects yet... But (okay I know I'm very inconsistent about what I ship, I can't help it) the more I've been looking at posts about Calypso and Leo, and the more I've been thinking about their relationship, the more I started to realize that they have a lot more problems than the fact that Calypso is (was?) immortal and trapped on an island—and the more I lamented the fact that Riordan could have had Leo and Reyna form a much more meaningful, much more plausible relationship if he'd chosen to go that route. And that got me to wondering if there was any way I could stay true to canon and still make Leyna plausible . . . and then this thing happened. IMPORTANT NOTICE: There are BoO spoilers in this! Be warned! (Except pretend that Percabeth went to college in NYC, not New Rome, because I wrote parts of this before BoO came out and I'm not in the mood to change it now, sorry. [And maybe they tried college in New Rome for a year and Percy missed his city too much, especially since he'd missed out on it for so long while sleeping and experiencing amnesia and flying around Europe, and Annabeth got tired of hearing about how great Roman architecture was all the time because hey, Greek building wasn't bad either, so they transferred to NYU their sophomore year.] :)) Anyway, this may be stupid and pointless... but I hope you enjoy it anyway! :) Disclaimer: I don't own Heroes of Olympus. Part One Leo was twenty-one when he first realized that this whole Calypso-was-his-girlfriend thing wasn't going to work out forever. First of all, she was still immortal. Sure, she made herself look like she was aging along with him—perk of being a goddess, Leo supposed—but they both knew it was an illusion. At heart, she was still a fifteen-year-old immortal. And what about when he was sixty? Would she still be aging with him then? Would she choose to look old and wrinkled? Leo doubted it. No one would choose that. Also, they still fought—like, all the time, over the stupidest things. Whoever started it was usually quick to kiss and make up afterwards . . . but the fights still happened. They happened to the point that Leo was sick of it. He knew that wasn't how great relationships should work—he saw Percy and Annabeth. He saw Piper and Jason. He saw Hazel and Frank. They fought sometimes, sure—all couples did—but they spent way more time being in love than arguing. With Calypso, Leo was pretty sure it was the other way around. Worst of all, Calypso just didn't have any experience with long-lasting relationships. Of course, neither did Leo, but he didn't have any relationship experience, so it was different. Calypso was so used to people leaving that she expected Leo to do the same at any moment. That wasn't entirely her fault—after all, he had died once, so Leo couldn't exactly blame her for shaking him awake in the middle of the night because she thought his physician's cure had somehow worn off. And it made sense that she feared for his life every time he told her that a monster had attacked him earlier that day. His previous death reminded Calypso of his mortality all the time, which only made the fact that she was still immortal that much harder to bear. That alone was understandable. Leo couldn't fault her for worrying that he could die at any time. But the real problem was, death wasn't the only way Calypso thought Leo might leave her. She also believed he might walk out on her at any moment, no matter how many times Leo reminded her that she had been his first priority after coming back to life. It had been a mistake to tell her about all the foster homes he'd disappeared from—because now, instead of understanding that he'd rather not talk about that part of his life (like a decent girlfriend would), Calypso constantly brought up those times as evidence that he was going to run away from her someday too. It was one of the things they fought about most. Still, Leo stuck it out—because he had moved heaven and earth to get back to her (destroyed them, actually, in Gaea's case) and because she was a goddess, and he figured it'd be pretty hard to top that—until the day Calypso came up to him while he was at work and said they really needed to talk. Tearfully, she told him that she just couldn't handle knowing that she would outlive him by a thousand lifetimes. Despite all her fears about him leaving, she ended up being the one who broke it off. For a few weeks, Leo alternated between working at his mechanical engineering internship until he was the last one in the building, ignoring all other communication with the outside world, living off microwave pizzas because it took less effort than cooking, and camping out in his garage as he modified his car for the fourteenth time and made other awesomely unnecessary projects. But then one day, Nyssa called him for the fifth time in half an hour, and Leo realized that she might actually have something mildly interesting to say. Reluctantly, he picked up the phone. "Gods, Nys, what could be so important that you would—" There was a pause. "HE DID WHAT?! " Leo stormed into the Big House's infirmary, bypassing the kids who were getting splints or holding ice packs to their heads and marching over to the last bed in the wing. "What the actual hell , Harley?!" "Language!" Katie scolded him as she went to the back to grab some bandages from a supply cabinet. "There are kids in here, Valdez!" She didn't live at camp anymore—in fact, she was going to graduate college next year—but Katie still helped out in the infirmary during the busy summers. And whenever she was around, she was as protective of the youngest campers as ever. Leo grinned at her apologetically. "Sorry, Katie. I've been spending too much time in college, I guess. It won't happen again." He waited until she walked away and then crossed his arms and hissed, "But really, kid. What the actual hell ?" Harley looked indignant. "First of all, I'm not a kid, Leo." He snorted. "You're twelve, Harley. Last time I checked, that still qualifies you as a kid. Now stop avoiding the question." Harley kept his mouth shut for about fifteen seconds and then sighed. "Remember that epic, building-sized, self-firing, collapsible crossbow that was supposed to shoot flaming bolts?" Leo frowned. "The one that Nyssa decided was impossible and gave up on before she left camp, like, four years ago? That crossbow?" Carefully, Harley tilted his head down to look at his sheets. "Um, yeah. Well, I was looking at the blueprints she made, and I thought I might be able to get it to work if I made a couple adjustments, so I pulled it out of our Hopeless Projects storage locker and was playing around with it in Bunker Nine, and . . . well . . . it kind of exploded." "It did WHAT ?" Harley winced. "Yeah . . . that's how I ended up here." Leo stared at Harley. The kid was covered with casts and bandages—freaking wrapped from his shoulders to his feet. "Gods, Harley," he said eventually. "I know you've always thought Jake was the coolest engineer ever—before you met me, of course," he added with a grin, "but that doesn't mean you have to copy everything he does. You look exactly like he did the first time I met him—after Festus almost torched him to death." Leo sobered. "What were you thinking , Harley? You're only twelve! You shouldn't be messing around with stuff that dangerous!" Harley glared at him. "When Percy was twelve, he killed a Minotaur with his bare hands!" "Yeah, and he also fell off the St. Louis Arch!" Leo reminded him. "Dammit, Harley, you could have died !" "No, I couldn't have!" "Of course you could have! The thing exploded ! You're not fireproof like I am—" "I was then ," Harley protested. That pulled Leo up short. "What are you talking about?" "I was wearing one of those fireproof suits you had Calypso make for us," Harley explained. Leo resisted cringing at the mention of his ex-girlfriend's name. "They worked perfectly—I'm not even a little burned. I broke a couple—okay, maybe more than a couple—bones because the explosion threw me against the wall, which is why I'm in here, but my skin's fine." Now that Leo thought about it, that would explain why Harley's face wasn't covered. "Oh," he said. "Well, I guess one good thing came out of that relationship, then." "What are you talking about—?" Slowly, Harley furrowed his eyebrows. "Wait. Leo, why are you here?" "To visit you , idiot," Leo snorted. "Nyssa told me you got hurt, and I drove here as fast as I could. Why else?" Harley hesitated. "Well, I . . . I guess I kind of figured you drove up here to visit Calypso, and then found out I was in here when you arrived." "Nah, this trip was all about you, ki—Wait. Calypso's here? Calypso's here ?" Harley laughed, then winced and stopped abruptly. "She didn't tell you? She showed up here a couple weeks ago and has been hanging out with some campers—Hecate kids, mostly." His eyes gleamed. "Now that you know, I guess you're going to run out and find her and forget all about me, huh?" Leo gaped at him. "I, uh . . ." He sighed and dropped into a chair next to Harley's bed. "Actually, Harley, I think I'm going to stick around here and keep you company. Calypso's not important." Harley stared. "' Calypso's not important ?'" he said incredulously. "Says the guy who flew to her after coming back to life and didn't even take a moment to flip a drachma into a rainbow to let us know he was okay first? Says the guy who wouldn't stop talking about his girlfriend for an entire year after getting her here? Who are you, and what have you done with my brother?" "Shut up, Harley," Leo mumbled. "You said you thought you could get the crossbow to work? You said it just needed a couple of adjustments? Well, where did you go wrong? Maybe we can get that thing built after all. After all, that would make a freaking cool weapon." Leo mustered up a blinding grin. "Did those blueprints burn up in the explosion, or do you still have them?" Thank the gods, Harley knew a good subject change when he heard one. He didn't bring Calypso up again, and Leo managed to avoid his ex-girlfriend for seven full days. When he wasn't discussing plans and measurements with a recovering Harley, Leo was banging away in the forge or in Bunker Nine—after all the work and broken bones Harley endured to get this crossbow made, Leo figured the least he could do was build it for him. By the time Harley was released from the infirmary, a Celestial bronze, building-sized, self-firing, collapsible crossbow that shot flaming bolts was waiting for him in their cabin. Leo even remembered to stick a bright red bow on top. Harley whistled appreciatively. "And it works?" "Who do you think you're talking to?" Leo laughed. "Of course it works! I tested it this morning, and it's awesome . Do you think Chiron will let you guys use it in Capture the Flag? Because you would cream the other team." "I hope so," Harley grinned mischievously, "but I don't know if he'll go for it, seeing as you're the one