I love Reyna. I think she's a great character that's underappreciated in the series, which is why I started writing this story in the first place. It started out as a future chapter for my other story, A World of Oneshots , but after I hit 10,000 words, my friend, fabulouslaughter, convinced me that I should post it separately... :P And that's about all you need to know in advance, since I'm assuming you've read the summary... Oh, and just so you guys know, I have absolutely nothing against men. But Circe does, so there might be a couple anti-men scenes in here. That doesn't mean it reflects my personal opinion. :P Reviews are appreciated! :) Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot. The Island A sandy beach. I wake up, holding onto a hand that feels twice as large as mine. "Lala? Lala, where are we?" I couldn't pronounce her name properly until I was seven. Hylla wakes up, groggy, sand sticking to her eyelashes. That is very clear - the sand on her eyelashes. It is the clearest thing about this memory. As soon as she realizes what we are laying on, her tired eyes widen. "Reyna, how did this happen? We were going to bed... I was worrying about your first day of kindergarten next week, wondering if..." She looks at me then, and her mouth clamps shut. It isn't until years later that I realize what she had wondered - if the monsters would follow me to school the way they had followed her; if our foster parents would continue to tolerate us if a hellhound attacked us at home, breaking their front door and most of the living room furniture in the process. I don't yet know about the gods that rule all the parts of this world. I haven't met my first monster like Hylla has. I don't understand how hard she has worked to keep us safe. I am still naive, with the innocence that I will lose by the time a mortal would have reached fifth grade. "Lala, did you bring us here?" I'm nearly pleading with her to answer with a yes, praying that this is some elaborate last-minute vacation. But the mystified look on Hylla's face convinces me otherwise. Perhaps I am not so naive after all. A woman walks up to us then. She is dressed all in white - loose cotton pants, a necklace of pearls, and a flowing silken shirt - all of it flapping in the wind curling off the ocean. Her makeup is light, but perfect. I remember her eyelashes too - they are long and dark, even though her hair is blond, which I find strange at the time. I don't yet know what mascara is either - but that will change soon enough. I don't notice all this immediately, however. I barely have time to register that there is a woman standing beside us with clothes that flutter like a flag before Hylla jumps to her feet, hiding me behind her. "What are you?" she asks, her voice quavering. That is another clear thing about this memory - she asks what the woman is, not who. "My dear, I am like you," the woman answers. Not "I'm a person, what else would I be?" Not even "I am human". She just says that she is "like us". With one glance, this woman can tell what I do not understand, for now - Hylla and I are not human. At least not all the way. "I don't believe you," Hylla says flatly. "This beach, this island... It's too nice to be reality. It's a trick. And you..." She hesitates and glances at me. Even now, in this strange place, she is tying to preserve my innocence. "You are not like us." "Are you sure, Hylla?" My sister flinches as the woman says her name. "Yes, my dear, I know who you are. Didn't you pray for a place where you and your sister could be safe?" The woman spreads her arms out wide. "I swear on the River Styx that you two will be safe here." She looks peaceful with her white, billowing sleeves - carefree and content. I find myself hoping that Hylla can find some of that happiness here. She is always so worried at home. Hylla looks shocked. "S... Safe?" she stutters. "You swear?" "On the Styx, my dear, the most binding oath that one can make," the woman says, nodding. "But you will learn that soon enough." Hylla stares at her bare feet, squishing sand between her toes. She squints out at the pristine blue water that seems to stretch all the way to the sky. She examines the palm trees that line the beach, as well as the white buildings that rise up behind them and seem to glitter in the sun. Finally she looks down at me. "What do you say, kiddo?" She asks softly. "Would you like to stay for a while?" I nod eagerly, without pausing to think. There's a beach here, and palm trees! Why wouldn't I like to stay for a while? Hylla laughs, a sparkle returning to her eyes that I haven't seen in a long time - not since my vague two-year-old memories of a man with dark hair and a wide grin, holding up my older sister and spinning her around as she giggles. "Then it's settled, Reyna," she smiles. "Let's stay." Reyna choked on the memory - or maybe she was coughing because of the nectar that the medic was trying to force into her. "Save it," she gasped out. "Others... Injured too..." But the medic wouldn't take no for an answer. "They might be injured, but you've lost so much blood, your shirt turned black and hard with it. Bobby had to tear off your praetor's cloak and wrap it around you to try and staunch the flow. I don't care what excuse you give, Reyna. You need this most." She didn't even know who this person was, which was strange. As praetor, she made it her business to know every member of the legion. Then she remembered. The Greeks were here too. They had needed every capable demigod to be on the battlefield of ancient Olympus if they wanted to defeat Gaea's armies. They were just lucky that Leo and Nico had worked together to design a hi-tech version of Nico's shadow-traveling, so that large numbers of campers could be brought to Greece in an instant. "Who...?" Reyma couldn't seem to get the rest of the sentence out, but the medic seemed to understand. "I'm Will Solace," he said, giving her a reassuring smile. "Son of Apollo. Now save your breath. You have a lot of healing to do." Reyna didn't bother arguing. It hurt too much. Instead, she closed her eyes and fell into another memory. I'm nearly six now, although it's hard to keep track of the days when each one is as sunny and perfect as the one before. I rarely see Circe, the woman who runs the spa on the island. All I know about her is that she has long, dark hair - like Hylla's and mine, only hers has some gold threads braided in it that sparkle in the light - and unlike the rest of the attendants at the spa, who all wear white, Circe dresses completely in black. Hylla has talked to her a couple times, though, and she tells me that Circe is just as nice as she is beautiful. That only seems right to me, since the rest of the island is the same way. One day, Hylla comes into our hotel room (which is what the nice spa assistants call it, even though it doesn't seem much like a hotel when we've lived here for three months), grinning. Hylla's grinning more and more these days. Each of her smiles is like a treasure to me, even more precious than Circe's necklace. "Guess what, Reyna?" "What?" I ask, eyes shining. Whenever Hylla says that, it means she has a surprise. And all of Hylla's surprises are really, really awesome. Hylla looks just as excited. "Circe told me today that she thinks it's about time that you learned to read." "Yay!" That would be a good enough surprise for me - I'm the youngest at the spa by far, and not knowing how to read makes me feel just a little left out. But it's clear from Hylla's expression that she's not even done yet. "Wait..." I say. "Who's going to teach me to read? Mallory? Anne? Penelope?" I don't suggest Hylla because I know she doesn't have time. As the newest attendant at the spa, she is apprenticing under Delilah, which keeps her super busy. Besides, she's only nine, and teachers are supposed to be grown-ups . But I don't mind. Mallory, Ann, and Penelope are all nice ladies who don't mind if I follow them around all day. I'd love it if any of them taught me how to read. Hylla runs over and hugs me, laughing. "Oh, it's a thousand times better than that!" she says. " Circe's going to teach you!" It's my second week of lessons with Circe. I can write the alphabet already (with backwards b's and d's, but I don't mind that at all), and I know the basic sounds of each letter. Now Circe is teaching me simple words. Every time I get one right, she claps and looks delighted. I try my hardest with each word, just because her happy smile is so pretty. Circe holds up a picture of a gray animal with pointed ears and slitted green eyes. As I watch, the animal comes to life, licking her paw and purring. I see the word written under the animal and giggle. "It's a cat!" I tell her proudly. There's a beautiful cat just like this one that lives by the pool. Circe puts the card aside and smiles. "Yes, dear, it is." She picks up another. This animal is green and has webbed toes. When it speaks, it makes a croaking sound that I recognize instantly. My old home had a pond in the backyard, and every night the noises leaked through my window and lulled me to sleep. "That's a frog," I announce. "You're so smart, Reyna!" Circe praises. The third card has a white animal with black polka-dots and black floppy ears. I've seen him in an old Disney movie that I used to watch with Hylla and my foster parents. He woofs, and I laugh. "He's a dog!" "Right! Good job." The next card confuses me. It has a person wearing a suit. While I stare at it, he morphs into a primitive figure wearing leopard skin, wielding a large stick, and flaunting a thick, wild beard. I can see him scowling underneath all the facial hair. He looks terrifying. "It's... a... man ?" I ask hesitantly. "Yes, dear." Circe starts to put the card with the rest. "But I thought we were doing animals!" I blurt out suddenly. Circe shakes her head and smiles at me sadly. "I forget how young you are, Reyna. Men are animals. They are cruel, pigheaded, foolish creatures. Nothing good will come of your interacting with a man. Remember that. Men are only good for one thing." I frown. "What's that?" Circe's mouth curls up at the edges then, but it's a different smile from the others I've seen. This one is almost... scary . "I want to show you something, Reyna. Come with me." She stands up and offers her hand to me. I grab it and follow her out of the sunny room, down a few bright corridors, and into another sunny room. But this one is a little different. At the end, I see a big cage full of small, fluffy animals. "What are those ?" I ask, my mouth hanging open. Circe leads me over