Author : StarLight Massacre Title : The Beguile and Devotion of a Black Heir Rating : R Warning : Slash, explicit language, mentions of blood, torture and violence in future chapters, Mpreg. Pairing : Rabastan Lestrange/Harry Potter Disclaimer : I do not own anything from Harry Potter; all rights go to J. K. Rowling. I make no money for this piece of fictional writing and never will. Summary: A chance meeting for Harry sets him on a path he was never meant to travel. With his eyes opened and the struggle to control the anger inside of him at all of the lies and hidden agendas, a sudden adoption and unlikely allies work to split him from Dumbledore forever. With two Lordships and new responsibilities, how will the Wizarding world react to Lord Harry James Potter-Black, especially when he declares that he won't fight in their war? The Beguile and Devotion of a Black Heir Chapter One - Enlightenment Harry rolled over the side of his small, narrow bed until he was sitting up, his eyes darting around the room frantically as he gasped raggedly for breath, his heart beating a mile a minute as he tried to calm himself down. He swallowed back the acidic bile that was climbing its way up his constricting throat, his Uncle would be absolutely furious if he actually vomited on any floor of his house. Not to mention that it would likely be him cleaning it all up after he'd been shouted at and sprayed with saliva for an hour. Not a thought he relished. He was drenched in a cold sweat that made him shiver uncontrollably even as he furiously kicked the thin, tangled blanket that he had covered himself with last night from his body, ripping it from where it was pinned underneath himself, despite the fact that it made him shiver harder. He swallowed hard past a fear clogged throat and breathed slowly, in through his nose and out through his mouth, his mind racing around the nightmare that he'd been forced to suffer through. Dragging a hand over his face to get rid of the chilling sweat, Harry's hand found its way up to his damp hair, the messy tufts sticking up even more than normal through the amount of sweat he'd produced that had slicked it in all angles while he'd tossed and turned, caught in the nightmare that he'd been unable to wake from. The reoccurring, horrific dream had been about Sirius, his beloved Godfather, who had died just days before the end of the last school year, only a few short weeks ago, and the memories of it, the emotions he felt, were still so raw and painful. He swallowed and stood up from where he was sat on the side of the bed, he had to get out of this house, he had to get out, being trapped and locked up in this house with his disgusting, hateful relatives was driving him insane, but he'd been told inexplicitly that he was not allowed to leave the safety of Privet Drive by Dumbledore at the end of the last year. He had also seen for himself the guard that he had continuously around the clock, more than likely Order of the Phoenix people, who were always watching the house, always watching him and likely reporting every single move and sound that he made back to Dumbledore. Harry wondered how heavy his night guard was when they logically thought that he was in his bed, fast asleep. He kicked open his trunk and dug out some clean clothes, dressing himself quickly before grabbing his wand and his money pouch, making sure that he had his Gringotts vault key in his pocket twice, just in case. He needed to get out of here, out of this horrid, clinical, hateful house, just for a few hours, a bit of retail therapy around Diagon Alley, having a bit of exposure to the magical world that he'd all but been cut off from, and he'd feel less trapped, less enclosed, he was sure. He slipped his peeling trainers onto his feet, both socks had holes in them, and he cracked open his bedroom door. His Uncle had stopped locking him in when Harry had 'casually' mentioned that he had a guard watching him at all hours, day and night. Harry first went into Dudley's bedroom. His cousin's snoring was so loud that Harry didn't even bother being quiet as he crossed the large bedroom to his cousin's dresser. He eased open the top drawer and snatched a few of the notes lying scrumpled up inside. He didn't take too many, if he had taken them all then Dudley would have known, but if he only took a few then Dudley wouldn't even notice them missing, which was sad as Harry would have given anything for a few pennies as a child, even if he couldn't have spent them, he could have still played with them and known that he had something of monetary value, even if it was just a penny. Harry walked back out of Dudley's room and slipped down the stairs, he knew logically that his guard wouldn't be sat on the doorstep or behind his Aunt's begonia bushes; they were more likely going to be in the corner of the front garden, where the two garden walls met, where they weren't likely to be found or accidentally trodden on and they'd be under one of Moody's invisibility cloaks so they wouldn't be seen by anyone who cared to look into his relatives front garden. Harry easily outsmarted them, he went out of the back door and fence hopped over the Dursley's fence, over the neighbour's fence, going around Wisteria Walk, thus avoiding Mrs Arabella Figg, not that he expected her to be up at five in the morning, but it was better to be cautious, just in case and he set off in the direction of Surrey town. The only thing that could ruin his break for freedom now would be if it was Moody himself who was on guard tonight, thus he'd probably have his magical eye trained on him, but he'd gotten this far already, so he hoped that it wasn't Moody on guard duty tonight. He really needed this moment of freedom. Harry slipped down Magnolia Road and past the park and revelled in the early morning air. He was feeling better already and the lingering effects of his reoccurring nightmares that had been plaguing him for the last month were eased away with the fresh air. He couldn't believe that he was out in the open and as he walked further and further away from Privet Drive, he found his breath coming easier and more steady from the attack of emotions that had woken him up early that morning. Pain, fear and horror had grown and grown inside of him as he tossed and turned in his dreams until he had woken like a shot, only to be confronted with the lingering emotions and the pain of his reality. He still couldn't believe that Sirius was gone, his last official family member and he had nothing to remember him by, just a few memories and his beloved Firebolt which he took excessively good care of. He treated it at least once a week and waxed it until he was sure he would slide right off of it if he were to actually fly it, but the polished ebony handle gleamed in the light, he made sure to buff the goblin made iron work on the frame until his elbows ached and it always looked utterly pristine with not a birch tail twig out of place. Every time he so much as looked at it he would smile and he could see Sirius and he would remember that Sirius had bought this for him, he had touched it and he had wanted him to have it. It helped him feel closer to the memory of the man that he could no longer see, touch or talk to. It was nearing quarter past six in the morning when he made it to Surrey town from his leisurely walk and he went into the nearest open café and got himself a coffee. Sirius had always drank coffee, from morning until night, Harry hardly ever saw him drinking anything else when he actually had a choice in the matter, and when Harry had asked why he drank so much of it his Godfather had let out that bark like laugh that always made Harry smile and told him that it was to keep himself awake and functioning. His ordered coffee was hot and bitter, despite how much sugar he'd put into it, but he forced it down and went to the train station, he was going to stay in London for as long as he possibly could and he was going to need the coffee to keep himself awake while he shopped. He hadn't been getting a lot of sleep lately, so he was going to need a lot of coffee. An hour later found Harry in central London. The train ride had taken him just forty minutes and he remembered exactly how to get from the train station to Diagon Alley from his trip with Hagrid when he was eleven. He was tapping bricks before eight in the morning and he couldn't believe how good he felt just being out in the open air and really, it just felt better because he'd been told that he wasn't allowed to leave the Dursleys house. He was done with being told what to do, how dare anyone think that they knew what was best for him! He knew himself and he knew what was best for himself better than anyone else and he would not allow others to push him around just because they believed that they had the right to. He came into Diagon Alley as it was still quiet and sleepy, shops were only just open and there were yawning witches and wizards here or there, but the bustle of the last months of the summer was not here, not at this hour of the morning, not yet. Harry went to a small, out of the way eatery, Harry wanted to call it a café, but it was just too small, it had just three, two seater tables and one small stretch of counter and a tired old man yawning behind it on a firm, solid and padded chair. "Good morning." Harry said cautiously. "What's so damned good about it?" The old man grumbled, but he smiled at him regardless. "I suppose I deserved that." He allowed wryly. "Ignore me; I'm a grumpy old man with too many pains and not enough potions to cover them all. What can I do you for?" "I was looking for a place to have a drink and maybe something to eat while I wait for Gringotts to open for business." Harry answered. "Come in then, what do you prefer to drink?" "I believe I need some toast and I think I need coffee to stay awake this early. I tried some earlier and it wasn't all that nice." "First time? Coffee's an acquired taste, much like Firewhiskey. The more you drink it, the more you fool your brain into liking it." Harry laughed as he pulled a chair up to the counter and sat opposite the man, who merely waved his wand and clinking and tinkering sounded from the room through a door behind him. "Don't think I don't know who you are, everyone knows Harry Potter, even if you age and grow, that scar will always be there. What business can you have at Gringotts, unless you mean to claim your Lordship early? Most little Lords do you know." "What Lordship?" Harry asked curiously as he took a cautionary sip of the deep mug that had landed in front