Author : StarLight Massacre Title : The Rise of the Drackens Rating : R Warning : Slash, violence, moresome, language, blood, Mpreg, creature fic. Pairing : Originally Draco/Harry/Blaise is now Draco/Harry/Blaise/OMC/OMC Disclaimer : I do not own anything from Harry Potter; all rights go to J. K. Rowling. I make no money for this piece of fictional writing and never will. This chapter was adopted from Beautiful Kaos on Fanfiction. Net and was originally called Dragon Kind . The Dracken concept is hers , not mine; I've just fiddled about with it. This first chapter is made up of bits and pieces of the first chapter she wrote before putting her story up for adoption, I have tweaked it and added a lot to it, but the underlying plot for this one chapter is hers. 14 th April 2012 A/N : Welcome back those who read and reviewed the first time around. As you know this story was deleted on the 11th of April 2012 and I am now putting it back up for those of you on this site that want to read it again. The Rise of the Drackens Chapter One – Welcome to Dracken Life Harry James Potter woke up slowly, languidly, in the early hours of the morning on his sixteenth birthday, not knowing what had woken him up, but he found out soon as he realised some very surprising, unexpected and, quite frankly, shocking changes. The first thing his groggy mind, that was still clinging to the last remnants of sleep, made him aware of was his changed eyesight. Everything was so perfectly clear, even in the near darkness of the early morning. He had never seen with such startling clarity before, even with his glasses on and now the dim box bedroom of number four Privet Drive was like a whole new experience to the young wizard. The tiny dust motes floating in the air, the individual strokes of paint on the bedroom walls, the specks of dirt on the carpet, he could see it all. Colours, he noticed, were more vibrant and there was so much more to everything, every colour, every shape, every pattern. He never knew there were so many shades of white before. His eyesight was better than any human could hope to achieve. After staring for twenty minutes at the pattern the wood grain made in his battered, second hand, dresser Harry figured he had better see what other changes he might have gained whilst he had been sleeping. Hopefully they were as wonderful as his new found eyesight. After listening for a few silent minutes to check to make sure that the Dursleys were still asleep, he tip-toed down the hall to the bathroom. Upon entering the cool, tiled room he could only stare in shock at the reflection staring back at him in the mirror. The boy in the mirror was about five foot five, a little taller than he'd been when he'd gone to sleep. His face was not as round any more, but thinner. He had high cheekbones, a thin nose that was placed neatly over full lips. His eyes were a deep emerald green framed by long, sooty lashes. His hair was pure silk, cascading down to the middle of his back like an inky black waterfall, which was also very new, there was no way the Dursleys wouldn't notice that his hair had grown several inches overnight. His body was still slender, but he was a little more shapely than he'd been. His waist was pulled in under his rib cage and his hips were bigger and more rounded than they had been before. He had strong, long legs, and a pert bum. His skin was perfectly smooth and unblemished. Not a freckle or scar marred the ivory flesh and that was new too. Every scar he'd had when he'd gone to sleep the night before was gone…all of them bar one, the lightning bolt on his forehead, and there'd been quite a few of them too. But now, with them all gone, with all of the other changes, he was beautiful and that wasn't a word that he would have every picked to refer to himself before. After stripping off his clothes to get a better look at himself, Harry peered once more into the mirror. He could hardly believe the reflection in the mirror was actually him . He twirled around before a glint of something caught his eye. He looked closer; trying to see what it was that had caught his attention. He gasped loudly partly in shock, partly in horror as he caught sight of what had caught the overhead light. Scales! He had hundreds of tiny scales on his skin! They were small, white scales, so perfectly blended in with his pale skin that he could barely tell that they were there at all. After looking closer he saw that the scales were all over his body. They started at the top of his neck and went down his shoulders and back. They continued on down his bum and his legs. They glittered on his chest and stomach as well, reflecting the harsh bathroom light. The scales did not cover every inch of him, but were in some sort of intricate, random design. Looking at his face he saw that there were scales there as well, but they were so much smaller than the others that they were easily missed or over looked unless you knew that they were there. They were on his forehead, circling the lightning bolt scar but not actually going near it, and they speckled over his cheekbones, flowing over the bridge of his nose like a masquerade mask. Looking closer Harry also spotted the scales on his chin, neck and they were even on his ears! He couldn't believe it; this had to be some sort of weird, realistic dream. ' What the hell am I?' He wondered in slight panic. ' Maybe I'm some sort of snake or lizard, perhaps a dragon? Do I actually have wings or anything?' No sooner he had finished that particular thought when he felt an agonising, searing pain in his back. He fell to his knees and gasped as quietly as he could, so that he didn't wake his relatives, as he felt a strange weight upon his shoulders after a ripping sensation and a warm liquid gushed down his bare back. Glancing fearfully up into the mirror he saw there were indeed wings sprouting from his back, they were attached to him by thin, but solid protruding bones that started at the base of his neck joined up with his shoulder blades and merged with the middle of his rib cage to support the huge wings on his back. He was bleeding heavily and the wings were covered thickly in blood and a mucous like membrane. The patches of the leathery white wings that were clean of blood were covered in the same white scales as the rest of his body, only they were larger, more easily seen and had ridges that could be felt where the scales on his face and his body were completely smooth to the touch. Harry stared in awe at the beautiful appendages he had just gained. They were almost as tall as he was. He flexed them carefully, experimentally, wanting to get used to the feel of them. He stretched them out as wide as they would go, being mindful of the bathroom appliances and the light fixture above him. He made a rough estimate that his wing span was probably about eleven or twelve feet. ' I wonder if I can fly with these. It would be so much better than flying on a broom. I wonder if I can get them to go away as easily as they come.' The wings immediately receded into his back with just a thought and a slight twitch to his back muscles. Thankfully without as much pain as calling them out had caused him. ' I'd better get back to my room before the Dursleys get up. I really don't want to deal with them right now. I just want to get my things ready.' Harry thought to himself as he redressed and padded back to his bedroom. 'Thank Merlin I don't have to spend another night in this house. I don't know why I was sent back here in the first place. Voldemort is gone now and the Death Eaters are all in Azkaban. Well, most of them anyway and I would be just as safe in the Leaky Cauldron.' Back in his room, dressed once more in his too large clothing, Harry decided to do some self-research. He wanted to know what sort of creature he had become. So getting out all of his books on magical creatures he flipped through them all until finally in the last and the thickest of the books, one that Hagrid had given him the year previous as a birthday present, he found a short excerpt that could possibly explain his creature inheritance to him. Drackens (Or Dragon Kind.) Drackens are a rare breed of magical creature. They are believed to be nearly extinct with the number of the creatures' population dropping significantly as more Drackens choose to breed with humans to avoid detection, causing the bloodline to dilute and eventually die out. The drop in Dracken populace can also be accounted to wizards, who hunt Drackens for their blood, organs and scales which are useful for certain potions, rituals and spells. Drackens have been classed as dark creatures since the eighteen-forties by the British, American, Asian and European Ministries of Magic and have consequently been deemed as a dangerous threat to civilised society. There are rumoured to be less than a hundred living Drackens worldwide, though it is unclear if this number is accurate as Drackens have become adept at hiding their defining characteristics making it easier for them to blend in with human beings. ' Interesting. I wonder if there are any Drackens at Hogwarts. Surely I'm not the only one. But then again if there are so few worldwide...' Harry shook off those morbid thoughts and turned back to the book. There are two kinds of Drackens. The dominant Dracken and the submissive Dracken. Or the Alpha Dracken and Beta Dracken. Dominant Drackens, or the Alpha Dracken as some cultures have come to know them as, are ninety-eight percent of the time males. There have been only two reported and proven cases of a dominant female Dracken. Dominants are always much larger and more vicious than their submissive counterparts. This is to protect their submissive and any offspring they might have. Dominant Drackens are very possessive of what they deem is theirs and are very territorial, most likely due to the dragon blood in their veins. A dominant Dracken will be at his most vicious and dangerous when his submissive is in heat, is pregnant or is nesting. Any threat to his submissive or his young will be removed as quickly as he is able to do so. Dominant Drackens appear to be outwardly cold and cruel. It is only with his submissive and his young that he will show any tenderness. But even then the dark side of the Dracken will show through as a dominant Dracken will still be rough, unknowing of his own strength. A dominant Dracken will punish his submissive if he feels the submissive has done wrong, though he will never cause his submissive any permanent harm as a Dracken, like their dragon counterparts, is a very vain and prideful creature and having a beautiful, flawless submissive will be a source of great pride for a dominant. The dominant counterpart is the submissive Dracken, or Beta Dracken, who are typically female, though there have been several reported submissive male Drackens; none have been verified as their dominant partners have always hidden them away before verification