Hello all and welcome to 'Like A Lightning Bolt', my first attempt at a multi-chapter story. Firstly, here is the expanded summary. Summary: A discussion with Madame Pomfrey at the end of 2nd year changes Harry's outlook on his future. No longer willing to spend his time lazing about, Harry gets serious about schoolwork. How will this and a few other changes revealed to the students at the start of the next school year affect the final outcome? Non-determined pairing. Smart Harry. Focused Harry. Ron Bashing. Ginny Bashing. Molly Bashing. Good But Misguided Dumbledore. OCs and OOCs throughout the story, with a natural influx of OCs during 4th year. So there you have it, and in case you are wondering, yes, yes I am terrible at summaries. Now, my intention for this story is twofold, it is to help keen my skills as a fanfiction author, as well as try and curb my muse into focusing upon one task at a time, rather than many at once. My hope is to wind up with an average chapter length of approximately 5000 words, this might not always be possible, as, naturally, some events do take up massive amounts of time, therefore a chapter that finishes below this threshold is typically because what comes next could take up a massive chunk, if not all of, a new chapter. Also of note will be that within this story Arithmancy will be the more common fanfiction form wherein it is the analysing and breakdown of spells into formula, as opposed to numerology, which it is in canon. This will play a major part, and while I will not do as some do and go into depth on it, well, I won't for this story at least, it will have a basic overview, ie, if I do a classroom, scene, they won't be doing a theory lesson, more of a lesson where they practice what they have already been taught previously on a new spell. So, without further ado here is the first chapter for the story, enjoy. " Speech" 'Thoughts' " Spells " Book Names Disclaimer: Does a powerful female character, with immense amounts of potential from a writer's point of view, get killed by a fat, non-combatant house wife cause love? If so, I clearly don't own Harry Potter. Chapter One Harry James Potter, a boy twelve years of age, laid in a bed within the Hospital Wing, which was, quite unfortunately, filled with many more students than it normally would be. Mr Potter however, was the only one of these students capable of movement at the time, as the other students within the Wing were petrified, rendered this way by the Basilisk that Harry had slain mere hours ago. Much to Harry's annoyance, after he had brought the destroyed diary of Tom Marvolo Riddle, the object that had been possessing one Ginny Weasley for the majority of the school year, to the Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, Harry had been forcibly taken to the Hospital Wing by the very, very irate Matron of the wing, Poppy Pomfrey. The Medi-Witch insisted on keeping Harry overnight for observation, after all, he was one of the very few people to have ever survived the venom of the Basilisk. Which brings us to this point, where Harry is laying, waiting for Madame Pomfrey to finish checking on the petrified students, before she came over to begin diagnostics on him. "Alright," said the Medi-Witch as she began strolling over to Harry's bed, "Please remove your shirt Mr Potter, it's filthy, and I'm worried what that might do to the diagnostic spells results." "Ok ma'am." Harry replied, slipping his, indeed quite filthy, shirt off, allowing the Matron to begin her tests. "Honestly Harry, you've been in here more times than any student has the right to be, just call me Poppy, Merlin knows we don't need to be so formal after all this time." Ground out the slightly disgruntled witch, quite clearly not amused by the fact that Harry insisted on calling her ma'am, as well as the sheer number of times he had been under her care. "I can already tell you there is nothing I can do for that scar on your arm, the Phoenix tears and Basilisk venom inside it will render the potions we used to remove the last set of scars you had inert." Poppy chose to ignore the small flinch Harry had at those words, knowing full well he was uncomfortable with the topic of where exactly he had acquired the scars she mentioned. As Poppy continued waving her wand and recording the results on a nearby parchment, Harry reflected on the events that had given him those scars. The scars had been a lattice upon his back, evidence of his Uncle's not so rational reactions to Harry's bouts of accidental magic. He relaxed though, he was well aware that his uncle refused to touch him after Harry found out he was a wizard, worried that with him actively practicing his 'freakishness' it might somehow contaminate him if he did so. "Honestly, you do realize you are lucky to be alive right Mr Potter?" Inquired the Matron, as she gazed over the results she had recorded, "The Basilisk venom and Phoenix tears seem to now both be a part of your bloodstream, most likely neither is able to overpower the other, so the two substances are simply remaining in your bloodstream." "Is that, is that a bad thing?" Asked Harry, his slightly scared tone of voice not adequately demonstrating just how frightened the idea made him. "From these scans, not at all, the two are simply there, not doing any harm, Lady Luck must truly love you Mr Potter, grown wizards are barely capable of killing a Basilisk with their magic. I think only the Headmaster, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick would be capable of doing it on their own, and that is if the beast was already blinded, for you to have done it with a sword is miraculous." Poppy looked at him, quite clearly showing the small flicker of disbelief dancing behind her professional demeanour, "Professor Snape would also be capable, however, he would need help to do so, speaking of which, I am going to have to speak with him, your new circumstances, put together with your history of visits to my Infirmary, are going to require some altered potions on hand for healing you." Harry grimaced at the mention of Severus Snape, the man and Harry not exactly getting along. "They would have been capable of killing it with magic?" Inquired Harry, his brief research into the King of Serpents revealing it to have magically resistant scales on par with a dragon's scaly hide, to be capable of killing it with magic astounded the young wizard. "Of course, Albus and Minerva are both Masters in the field of Transfiguration, both being experts in using it in the battlefield, the few times I have seen them ever engage in duelling I was awed by the work they could create, shaping everything in sight to their advantage and their opponents disadvantage (1) . Filius, well, he WAS a European duelling champion for quite some years, as well as having a mastery of Charms, silent casting, and spell chaining combined with his speed of movement, he would be able to run circles around the beast, striking its weak points with sheer number of spells." Explained Poppy, having taken a seat during her explanation. She would admit the look of amazement as Harry attempted to picture the different scenes, no doubt imagining the spellwork being used against the same beast he himself only just fought. "How would Sn- Professor Snape," Poppy's glare causing him to correct himself, "be capable of taking it down? I don't imagine many potions can be used to take on a Basilisk." Harry appeared genuinely curious at this, after all, while he knew, thanks to Hermione, that Snape was the youngest to ever gain the title of Potions Master, the only time he had seen Snape use anything he could even consider a combat spell was when he fought Lockhart in that sham of a Duelling Club, not taking much effort at all. "Young Severus is not just a Potions Master Harry, he has a Masters in Defence Against the Dark Arts as well. Not only that, but Severus has made several spells of his own, quite a few in fact. He was a brilliant student, and his skills in spell creation, something typically taught only in NEWT Arithmancy, where well known even in his fourth year of schooling. As long as he had others to help back him up, I have no doubt that he would be capable of taking a Basilisk down." Poppy explained, happy to shed a different light on the 'Dungeon Bat', "In fact, the only student who showed more skills in spell creation was Severus' closest friend." Added Poppy, waiting for Harry to take the bait and ask who it was. "Professor Snape had a FRIEND? He uhhh, doesn't really seem the type." Harry added, trying to hide his curiosity at this insight into his least favourite professor, Lockhart and Quirrel never really taught anything after all, keeping them from being contenders for the spot. "Oh yes, Snape had a good friend, if I remember correctly he was friends with her from before Hogwarts." A small grin was making its way onto her face at the sheer disbelief held on poor Harry's face. "Who was it? I mean, I can't even imagine him as a first year, yet alone a first year with a friend already." "Your mother Harry. Your mother and Severus were the best of friends for the first five years of school, they unfortunately had quite the falling out in their sixth year though. That friendship though caused poor Severus a lot of strife." Poppy's tone grew quite sombre near the end. "My, my MUM, was friends with SNAPE?!" Harry was dumbfounded by this information, till the last part of what Poppy said caught up to him, "How was being friends with my mum something that caused him strife?" "Your father and Severus' housemates in Slytherin. Both took exceptions to the friendship, both had different ways of showing it. While Severus's housemates merely ignored him and shunned him for the first few years, your father, smitten with your mother from the day he saw her, was an unrepentant prankster, he and his friends making the Weasley twins look tame. As a result of your father's attraction to your mother, the primary target for a lot of your father's pranks wound up being young Severus, quite a few times he even ended up in here as a result." Poppy ensured that she had Harry's eye contact all throughout her little speech. "I don't tell you this to make you think your father was a bad man Harry, he was juvenile at first, but he did mature, had he not, your mother would have never stopped hating him," Harry's eyebrows shot to the top of his head with that information, "Yes, naturally, as I'm sure you know, as the friend of a bully's main target, she didn't like your father one bit until he had matured and, while he never stopped the pranking, he did tone it down a fair bit." Harry's mind had immediately thought of how his hatred for Draco Malfoy had increased every time he picked on one of Harry's friends, making Harry realize how his mother must have felt towards his father. 'So that's why he doesn't like me.' Thought Harry, recalling Snape comparing him and his father many times. "So, my mum made spells too?" Asked Harry, the need for information in his voice so overpowering that Poppy sobered right out of her sombre mood, realizing this is perhaps the most he has ever learnt about his parent's childhoods. "Yes, she was quite talented, just as much as young