AN- I'm completely aware that things may be entirely off in this story compared to in the Hunger Games stories themselves. I guess graduate school has drained my brain of all important details pertaining to books worth reading, and at the moment I don't have access to the series. That being said, I enjoyed the Mockingjay movie and missed writing, and decided to give this a shot. Please let me know what you think! The first time I tried to see her, it was because I had decided to really start my life, and I wanted her to be in it. I know she probably assumed that I moved on and forgot about her—or that I stayed away because I cared about her, because I understood how badly my decisions and the consequences of those actions hurt her, and I knew she needed space. The first assumption was entirely off-base, and the second one was valid, but time and again I'd demonstrated that what Katniss actually needed and what I thought Katniss needed were different. All of us needed time, though, to move forward, and I figured that was what our relationship needed as well. I knew I'd hurt her badly, that she wouldn't respond to the loss of Prim well at all. I kept my distance for a couple of years, threw my energy into the efforts to rebuild and grow together into a new nation, and tried everything I could to keep my thoughts off of her. I created a home, remained involved with the new government, and existed. I did everything I could to live, but while I was surviving during the day, I found she haunted me every night. The softness of her lips on mine, that last time, visited my dreams as frequently as her hurt, accusing eyes haunted my nightmares. I never considered her nightmares. I knew that she had them, that she had been having them regularly since her first time in the arena, but I never thought about what they would consist of now, with her family gone and no one to hold her. That's why, when I showed up late that night at District 12, exhausted from the long trip but desperate to see Katniss before laying down to at least get a few hours sleep, I went running at her scream. I thought something had to be wrong, with the shrillness of it's pitch, the hoarseness of the sound. I didn't think about her needs, but he did. Of course he did. Peeta was two steps in front of me, as he always had seemed to be with her, sprinting out of his house and fumbling with a key to let himself into hers. His eyes caught mine, and his legs locked for a minute, but that was all the reaction he allowed himself before he returned to running up the stairs to her to comfort her. My reaction lasted longer, several seconds of me standing outside her home, feeling a combination of shock because I hadn't realized he'd returned home as well, guilt at his clear devotion to the girl we both loved, and anger because once again he had gotten to her first. When I'd realized she was asleep, heard him telling her it was just a dream, I stayed outside her room, unable to build the courage to see her now that I knew the danger was in her dreams. His eyes surveyed me when he left her room a half hour later, and I tried to ignore the relief I felt when I realized he wasn't planning to spend the night comforting her. I told myself I hadn't gotten there too late, that there was still hope. Everything in his eyes, his face, told me differently. "Heard you've been keeping busy," He said quietly, squaring his shoulders and planting his feet as he spoke. I tried to determine how intentional his blocking the doorway to Katniss was, if he had to even think about it or if it now just happened naturally after so long of protecting her. I tried not to think about the fact that he'd been keeping tabs on me, that his keeping tabs on me might mean he continued to see me as a threat. "There was a lot to get done," I responded, and swallowed at the unfriendly look on his face. His features had hardened and aged, giving him a more dangerous and threatening face than he'd ever had during the games or rebellion, when it would have been useful. "And it was the easiest way to deal with things." His eyes softened slightly in their hostility at that, his posture becoming less defensive. "Yeah, I can understand that." Again, the silence in the house stretched between us, all the more tangible when we both heard movement in the room behind his back. In silent agreement, we walked out the house and he turned to lock the door behind us. I followed him to his house, maintaining the silence until we'd both been seated at the table and he'd put a wedge of cheese and some bread on the table between us. I gratefully picked up the food, and reluctantly met his eyes again. "Does that happen often?" I asked him, inclining my head toward where I knew Katniss was tossing and turning in her sleep just a few homes away. I ignored the purple shadows under his eyes that clearly indicated yes. "Every night. I don't think she's gone a night since I got back without one." Guilt, remorse I hadn't felt so strongly since I'd last seen the remains of the hospital, kept me from saying anything for a moment. I swallowed the lump that had built in my throat and continued. "What about during the day?" He thought about the question carefully, looking off absently at something behind me as he helped himself to some cheese and a smaller piece of bread. I waited as patiently as I could, shifting in the chair, as he slowly chewed and swallowed, the refocused his eyes on my face. "She's not good, but she's… better. There're okay days, days she can focus on what's happening now and help other people in the hub and spend time in the forest without fear, and I think those have been happening more often. But when the bad days come, they're bad." His voice chokes off at the end, and I don't press for more. I don't feel like I have the right to. "We're getting by, though, which is more than either she or I expected to be able to do at one point." When he'd looked defensive and afraid before, standing in front of her room, I had been hoping he was defensive for her. I had thought he still considered me competition, still felt that he had to fight to earn her attention. But the way Katniss was so effortlessly included in his "we," the way he clearly slept even less than her every night just to be there when she woke up—the way he surveyed me now across the table, his eyes evaluating me and what I hoped to achieve here—made it pretty clear why he saw me as a threat. I wasn't a threat to them, or to him—I was a threat to her. To her stability and happiness, to her ability to move on. I had wanted to really start my life, and to make her an important part of it. But I understood, looking into Peeta's eyes, that just seeing me might be enough to keep Katniss from living, from having the experiences that I had been hoping to share with her. I thanked him for the food, stepped outside and spent a moment staring at the dark and empty house I knew she slept in. Then I bought the earliest ticket available to get me out of 12, and out of her life. The second time I tried to see her, it was because I wanted to be able to get her out of my life. Despite not having seen her for almost two decades, Katniss felt like a constant shadow over me. I couldn't move on to see other women without comparing their attitudes, beliefs, and appearance to hers. I saw her braid everywhere, on the women I dated and let go, and on the smallest children on their way to school for the first time with their parents. I couldn't make even simple decisions, basic choices in my daily activities, without wondering what she would think about them. In the end, I felt entitled to see her and at least try to gain some closure. Even if I couldn't have a relationship with her, could not even maintain a friendship with her, I could at least check in on her, and see that she was doing okay. I had convinced myself that I might not even need to talk to her- that just watching her and recognizing that she had recovered from everything I had put her through would be enough. I timed that second trip to District 12 a little better than I had the first one. I arrived mid-afternoon, and spent a little bit of time walking through the city to see the rebuilding before I made my way to Victor's Village. I saw a few people, a small number of older members of the community who had originally lived in 12, and an even larger number of faces I recognized from my time in 13. Some of them I nodded at or waved to—a larger number I passed with my eyes on the ground, too ashamed as I remembered my behavior and actions from that darker time in my past, to look up and see them judging me. Eventually, I realized that few of them were even paying attention to me at all. The town was bustling, full of more trade, playing children and gossiping young women than had ever been seen in the district prior to the rebellion. The buildings looked a little less new than I had briefly seen on my last visit to 12, but seemed brighter, cleaner, than I'd ever imagined possible in an area known for dirt and coal. It was late summer, and the sounds of the forest just outside the district boundaries surrounded me full-force, unhindered by the humming of any electric fence. I meandered slowly through the buildings, gradually making my way toward the person I had made the trip for, the person I had tried to spend the last many years of my life trying to avoid thinking about. I was about to reach the arch for the old Victors Village when a small, dark-haired missile hit me hard enough to almost knock me over. As it was, the force of the hit did manage to knock her over, sending her sprawling onto the gravel path with enough force to skin her knee and bring her to tears. "Are you okay?" I asked her, leaning over to put me more on her level and to try to calm her down. I looked around for her parents, but the only person near enough and paying attention to us was a boy even younger than the little girl who was standing a few feet away, watching with a combination of satisfaction and curiosity. "I'll be fine," The little girl answered, and for a second her words and deep brown hair reminded me of the woman I'd been headed to see, before a set of deep blue eyes flashed up to look at me. Before I could recover, those eyes had narrowed to glare at the boy I'd noticed before. "But you won't be, Rye, once mom finds out you've been pretending to hunt poor Butterscotch again. I wouldn't have been running or hurt if you'd just left him alone. I'm tired of chasing after him to protect him, and Butterscotch is getting tired of