Thank you so much to my beta, Iris, for cleaning this up, you're a doll! Thanks to MrsSpaceCowboy for prereading and Ceci for my beautiful banner! And Nic, I'm not sure I have words enough to thank you with. You're the best hand-holding, prereading pimp there ever was! Thank you so much! Gigantic thank you to everyone reading this! Any mistakes are mine! I'd wanted to get out of this town the entirety of my adolescence. Now, at the age of 25, I'm back in the one place I've tried to forget, tried to escape. I grew up in the mountains of North Carolina in a picturesque small town named Waynesville, where the snowbirds spend their summers and the locals can't wait for wintertime. It's a place that still values manual labor and refuses to come into the 21st century. The people are as country as the music they prefer to listen to, and there's no patience for outsiders. It's a great place to raise children, has a low crime rate, and is the type of place where everybody knows everyone else, which is also why it's hell; everyone else is always in your business. My sister, Alice, is excited for my homecoming. We've had our ups and downs in the past, not seeing eye to eye on many issues, but family's always there for you when you need it. Southern values dictate that type of solidarity. We choose to agree to disagree and move along to more kosher subjects. We couldn't be more different; I'm the night, and she's definitely the day, always bright and shining regardless of the darkness that surrounds her. She married her husband, Jasper, when she was sixteen and now has five children with a sixth on the way. I pull onto the gravel-covered drive of my new-to-me home just after dark. It's a small, rustic wood cabin with a covered back deck that sits next to a stream. Behind the stream is a cow pasture with a few cows. There's a field beside the house growing corn with creepy, mannequin scarecrows keeping watch. It's all very country and so different from the city I just left. Walking into the cabin, I see the remnants of my life in cardboard boxes sitting in their designated locations. Alice met the movers here today, and my bed is all put together and ready for me to fall into, which is exactly what I do. I'm exhausted from the drive, but my mind is plagued with thoughts of Garrett and the break up. Tossing and turning all night, I wake as the sun comes shining through my curtainless window. I told Alice I would meet her at the wood yard once I'd showered and eaten. Jasper owns a landscape and lawn care business, and also sells firewood from a lot on Dellwood Road, one of the main thoroughfares in Waynesville. The yard is the hub of the business; all the transactions take place there, and Alice runs it. Well, she'll run it until she can train me how to schedule jobs, take orders for wood, pay bills, and designate what workers go where on which days. Then, it's all me. Alice has a few more months before she's due and could probably continue to work without a problem, but the guise of a job is an easy excuse for her to give me money and for me to accept. As I pull into the yard, the workers are leaving for their assignments for the day. Trucks fitted with various tools and large equipment pass me in a convoy. The last driver in the line catches my eye. He has a thick, reddish-brown beard and a trucker hat pulled down low on his head. The hat isn't low enough to hide the piercing gaze being shot my way. It's one I haven't seen since I left Waynesville, and it looks just as angry now as it did then. Shit . I didn't think I'd have to deal with him this soon. I wasn't aware he works for Jasper, something Alice should have told me before talking me into this whole job thing. I park my car and head into the office to find out what the fuck she's thinking, omitting that little tidbit of information. I know she doesn't know exactly what went down between us, but a little heads up would've been nice. "Hey! You made it! How was the drive? Are you tired?" I'm still reeling from my past smacking me in the face when she greets me with a hug and some word vomit at the door. "Yeah, it was a long drive. Thanks for meeting the movers and putting my bed together for me. I would've slept on the floor if you hadn't. I was dead on my feet." "I know you would've, which is why I went ahead and did it. I didn't want to give you any excuses to not show up this morning." She smirks at me. Her hair catches my eye; it's shorter than I remember but still the same dark brown, almost-black mine would be without the chemicals. I don't think she's ever bleached or colored it in the 31 years she's been alive. That seems so strange to me, because everyone I know changes their hair color regularly. It's just another difference between where I've been and where I am. She sits in front of her desk and pulls herself up to where her bump touches the edge, and for a moment, I'm taken back. A flash of things that could've been comes to mind, and it's all I can do to swallow the lump in my throat and keep the tears at bay. It's way too early in the day for the liquor and pity party that usually follow this line of thinking. "Speaking of excuses not to show up, why didn't you tell me Edward works for Jasper?" My voice tries to betray my indignant tone as it cracks. I quickly school my features into a look of annoyance before she has a chance to question it. "I didn't think it mattered. You two haven't dated in years, and you were almost married to Garrett. Why would you care?" To anyone who doesn't know the history, it's a very appropriate question. If things were as they seemed on the outside, I probably wouldn't care. It'd just be a very mundane thing, us having dated once upon a time. That's not what it is, though. Our past is an event, a marker in time that changed me forever. "It doesn't matter. I just wasn't expecting to see Edward Cullen first thing this morning." I'm such a liar. I just don't want to get into it with Alice right now. I knew I was going to cross paths with him eventually; I just didn't plan on it being today or every day from now on. Before she can ask any other questions I don't want to answer, I divert her attention by asking about what she does on a daily basis. The rest of the morning is spent learning what a "cord" and a "half cord" of wood are, as well as the mowing rates for weekly, bi-weekly, and monthly cuts. I also learn about the workers, which ones actually work, and which need a swift kick in the ass to get moving. There's a lot more that goes into this job than I originally thought, which is a good thing; idle hands being the devil's workshop and all. Around noon, Alice says she's going to the bank and will grab us some lunch while she's out. There isn't much in the way of traffic coming through the yard, so I decide to stack some wood that's been chopped. I take two logs and lay them parallel to one another, then add two more pieces on top of the first two in the opposite direction. I keep on this way until I've built a tower that's my height, and then I then start a new stack. I don't have gloves on, so my hands are dirty and the skin on my arms is scratched up. There's a weird satisfaction in creating something with your bare hands − a sense of accomplishment. Before coming back here, I'd been so stagnate in my job. I worked as a corporate accountant in a cube farm, transferring data from one column of a spreadsheet to another. I would go days without interaction from another human. Everything was so corporatized and monitored, I thought I would choke on the rules and regulations. After I called off the engagement to Garrett, there was no reason to stay in Atlanta. I hated my job and was ready for something different. I knew I didn't want to find another accounting job here, not that I could; there are hardly any fast food chains in Waynesville, let alone corporations in need of accountants. Alice returns, breaking my train of thought. She climbs out of her Armada, arms laden with brown paper bags. I think she's brought enough food to feed an army. I quickly make my way over to help her carry it into the office. "I went to Ammons. You use to love it there, right?" I haven't had Ammons in years, and I'm really glad she remembered. "I got you a hot dog with ketchup only and a BBQ sandwich with ketchup only, because I couldn't remember which one you liked more." I'm surprised she remembered I liked the place and even more so that she remembered my two favorite menu items and the way I liked them. It kind of makes me feel like an asshole. I couldn't in a million years tell you if she even liked Ammons and certainly not what she'd order. "You're amazing, and this is perfect. Thank you!" I watch as a small smile plays on her lips while she digs through the bags for her food. We eat in a comfortable silence, enjoying each other's company. Once we're finished, I continue making stacks of wood while Alice sits in a lawn chair watching. She tells me about the different kinds of wood they sell and what each type is good for. The workers start filtering in slowly around four. As they come in and begin putting away tools, they notice me with Alice and throw sideways glances our way. I can see them talking amongst themselves while continually looking at me, then at Alice, and back at me again. I'm mentally rolling my eyes; small towns and their gossip. Apparently, it's not just women who like to gab. Alice calls out to the guys, and tells them to come and meet her sister. They cease their conversations almost immediately and lope their way over to us. The first of the guys is a scrawny-looking kid with a STIHL hat propped sideways on his head. He has messy brown hair sticking out in all directions from underneath it. As he approaches, I notice his jaw has a bulge in it, almost like he has a jawbreaker stuck low in his cheek. He turns his head to the left and spits out some tobacco juice. I mentally cringe and hope the look of distaste isn't showing on my face. "Seth, this is my sister, Bella. Bella, this is one of the newest of Jasper's crew, Seth." He raises his hand and gives a little wave in my direction. Alice goes on to tell him that she's training me to take over for her at the yard. The rest of the guys walk over as she's finishing instructing Seth to treat me as he would her. "So this is the infamous Bella," I hear snorted out from a rather large man. I turn to look at him and try to figure out exactly what he's getting at. His sky-blue eyes are dancing with laughter, but I don't think he's laughing at me;