I'm back already with another story! I am happy about it, I really do love writing. To everyone who stayed with me on the dramatic ride of Old Town New Me, I promise to you that this Emmett and Bella story won't have any cheaters, I know a lot of you were freaking out about that one. Anyway I hope you enjoy this, I am! Oh also a really freaking awesome album that I can't stop listening to is called The Love Club by Lorde. I love the whole thing but I really love the songs Bravado and Royals, they just happen to be the first two songs. Ok, alright I am done talking! Enjoy! Xoxo BPOV "Bells, you ready to go?!" I heard Charlie yell. I took one last look at the room I had lived in for as long as I can remember. "Yeah Dad!" I yelled back taking one last look and grabbing the last of my stuff. When I got down stairs Rose and Alice were basically bouncing with energy, mostly Alice, Rose was trying to calm her. "Bella, can you believe all three of us, we graduated and going to U-DUB together?" Alice all but squealed. I could only shake my head and smile at the short stack. "Yes, I know Ally we talked about it all night. Remember?" I asked, putting my jacket on and taking my coffee from Charlie. "Alrighty girls, lets hit the road." Charlie said grabbing the last of our suitcases and heading out the door. We helped put stuff up. The three of us were going to drive down in Rosalie's Jeep, with Charlie following in a new truck he bought me for my 17th birthday, and Kate would drive Alice's BMW. Alice's parents basically stepped out of her life when she turned 16 and concerned themselves with the social life so that's when Alice officially moved in. I took a final look at our Forks home and said a goodbye till we come home from break. I think I could speak for us all when I say we were going to miss Charlie and Rosalie's mom Kate. Alice basically lived with us even though she lived next door. We have been best friends since the age of 3, that's the age Renee left, Charlie was a mess, and Alice's mom took care of me. I never really talk to Renee but she puts money in a bank account for me every month, that's as far as her motherly duties go. Rose's mom came into our lives when I was 13. Charlie met Kate at the grocery store when he bumped into her grocery cart, the typical chick flick scene. I watched as they said their apologies, went through the introductions, and looked in each other's eyes. You could see an instant connection. It was broken when a tall, slim, blond beauty queen came up the aisle putting something in the cart. Her skin looked smooth and her blues eyes were bright and her blond hair was long and flowed down her back. She looked to be my age but her body seemed to develop way faster than mines or Ally's. I could only stare and wish I looked like her. From that moment on our parents dated and hung out with each other a lot. This basically forced Rose and I to become friends. It was a good thing we became extremely close, including Alice, because a couple of years later Charlie and Kate announced they were getting married. We were all ready happy for them, they both deserved happiness after they went through divorces. We were all sophomores in high school when they trusted us enough to stay home alone and take their honeymoon. Charlie assumed Alice's mom would check up on us. That was the biggest mistake ever, she left town thinking Charlie was till home and wouldn't mind checking on Alice. Rose was pretty popular among the Forks High population, so she decided to throw a party and everyone was invited. "Rose that's not a good idea." I said once we got home and prepared for the party. "Bella, Bella, sweet Bella, girl you gotta live some and get wild. Tonight could be the night you get Mike. You've basically eye fuck him every time you see him. "Yeah Bella, come on have some fun." Alice said bringing in some drinks she took from her family liquor stash. "I guess you're right but I'm a virgin I can't just give it up to Mike." I said shyly. "Isabella Marie Swan, you may be a virgin but you damn sure not innocent. You've been around me long enough to have a corrupted mind." Rosalie said with a wink and her pageant worthy smile. Rosalie was bolder then Alice and I combined. She lost her virginity to a junior name Tyler, when we were freshman. She got drunk at a party she was invited to and the douche took advantage of her. The next morning when she realized what had happened, that next week at school she told him off in front of the whole cafeteria at lunch. Everyone loved Rose so they stuck up for her and Ty become the most hater guy at Forks High. I guess that moment added to Rose's popularity because now seniors paid attention but she paid them no mind no wanting to get played again. He current boyfriend Eric was a sweet heart though and she finally let him get some a few weeks ago and they go at it when they can. Girls who wish they were her would call her slut but she wasn't. She has had three boyfriends if Jay from K5 counts. The party was awesome when everybody got there. I tried to stay away from the alcohol but I ended up getting shit faced. The next morning I couldn't remember too much but I felt the ache between my legs. I freaked out when I realized what happened. Rose had warned me about this but I went ahead and did it. I was told I had sex with Mike. Let's just say I beat myself up for it but Rose and Alice helped me through it. The week after the party Mike asked me out and I was extremely happy. We had sex a few times but we broke up at the end of junior year because he found interest in the school slut Jessica Stanley and her friend Lauren Mallory. I was heartbroken because I thought I loved him but my girls wouldn't let me sulk. Both Rose and I were single and Alice was still in the same relationship from freshman year with some jack ass named Ben who thought he was better than everyone but he made Alice happy so we had to put up with him and his superior attitude. She gave him everything he wanted. When he was ready to have sex, they had it. Whenever he wanted to party he dragged her along. She was happy but both Rose and I could see right through him. Their little bubble was popped senior year after having a fuck session Ben broke up with Alice and said he was going back to the girl before her, Angela. Rose and I were furious, us being the ones to speak our mind; Rose a little more than me, we called him out on his bullshit. Rose got a couple of football players to mess with him. From then on he and Angela avoided us like the plague. Over the years being with Rosalie and my experience with some stupid boys, I have become more guarded and I speak my mind if you like it or not. A light tapping on my window brought me back from my trip down memory lane. When I realized we had arrived I quickly got out the car. It felt good to stretch after being in the car for a while. The campus was busy with everyone moving into their dorms. I was glad Charlie was able to talk Alice's parents into buying us an apartment that wasn't far from campus, it seemed to be crowded. "Alright girls go get all your school stuff. Kate and I will be putting your stuff in the apartment and we'll see you when you all get done." Charlie said getting back in the car and driving off. "God he is hot." I heard Rosalie whisper as a tall, lean guy walked by. He had full lips and his copper colored hair was all over the place. "We just got here, keep your shit together." I said walking toward some girl with a U-DUB shirt on. "Hey, excuse me can you show me where to get my schedule and books?" I asked. She smiled. "Hey, I am Jane. If you just keep straight down the side walk and to your left. That's where you can get what you need." "Whoa Jane Volturie?" I heard yelled from behind me. "Rosalie?" Jane asked her eyes big and wide. For the first time I heard Rosalie squeal. She ran over to Jane and wrapped her long arms around her. There was a bunch of I can't believe this and oh my goshes. Alice and I were standing there awkwardly not knowing to stay or walk away. "Bella, Alice come here!" Rose yelled even though we were just a few feet away. "This is Jane! Before I moved to Forks, I lived in New York. Jane and I were best friends even though she is older. We tried to talk as often as possible but that kind of didn't work. This is so exciting, like OMG!" Rose said still out of her usual character. "It's nice to meet you guys. Rose here is my number." Jane said scribbling her number down on a piece of paper. "We can all get together and I can introduce you guys to some friends." "That would be nice. I am going to go get my stuff and head to the apartment. It was really nice meeting you." I said smiling and walking off. Alice called after me and I slowed down a bit so she could catch up. "Well that was awkward." Alice mumbled. "Yes and very weird to see Rosalie act like you do on a day to day bases." I replied Alice gasped "I am not like that every day!" Her face really serious except her lips that twitched while she tried to hold back a smile. I went ahead and laughed and she did too. Then a huge guy bumped into me "Hey asshole watch where you're going!" I yelled. He turned. He might have been a bunch of muscle but his face wasn't intimidating. He was very cute, no, handsome very handsome, or really beautiful but in a manly way. He had deep brown eyes and curly brown hair. His smile was to die for. "I'm sorry but maybe next time you should watch where you're going." He replied with a smirk. "Whatever, freaking assshole." I said walking away quickly towards the registration building. "Hey slow down, he was cute why did you get feisty with him?" Alice asked "Because I can have a bitch fit if I want to and that was a bitch fit worthy moment." I replied shrugging like it was no big deal. "Bella, you will be alone for like forever I swear if you don't let your defenses down." Alice said "I've dealt with too many idiots to let my 'defenses down'." I said air quoting Alice. We made it to the building and got the stuff we needed. Rose was coming in as we were leaving. "You little bitches could have waited on me." Rose said loud not caring who heard. "No we couldn't. You would have been talking all day. I am ready to unpack and relax some." I said about to go out the door. "Well can you wait