CHAPTER 1 Resolution and Lovers in the Kitchen Hermione stood watching as the laughter from her family carried itself to the high windows of their manor. The letter was clutched in her shaky hands as the words echoed through her mind. She wondered for a moment what her husband would say once he read it. No doubt he'd say something like "We don't have to go if you don't want to love," leaving her with the most impossible decision to make. Scowling she shoved the letter into her pants pocket and left the room. Walking down the spiral staircase of the expansive manor, she turned and headed to the backyard knowing she wouldn't be able to put off telling her family for much longer. The letter had arrived almost a week ago but she had lacked the courage to even open it let alone show it to anyone. Finally when a second letter arrived that morning bearing the same seal, her curiosity overrode her lack of courage. Truly wishing she hadn't opened the damned letter, she opened the heavy oak doors that lead to the impressive back gardens. Standing on the porch, bracing herself from the cold, she saw her children and husband air borne as they engaged in an entertaining game of Quidditch. Her breath quickened as she saw her daughter dive for the quaffle and for a moment she had to close her eyes. Hearing soft chuckling behind her she opened her eyes, turning to see her husband hovering on his broom, his face just inches from hers. Looking into his cool grey eyes, Hermione forgot for a moment why it was that she had come outside. He leaned forward and pecked her on the lips lightly before saying, "Honestly love, I thought you were used to seeing Rhaella on a broom." Throwing a small glare his way Hermione replied, "Doesn't mean I have to like it." Still laughing, Draco Malfoy descended from his broom and took his wife in his arms, "Have a little faith love. She's better than me… and Scorpius." "Hey!" a voice objected above them, "I heard that!" "Ha! See dad does think I'm better than you," cried a sweeter feminine voice. "He's just saying that," Scorpius said as he descended and jumped off his broom. "No he's not," Rhaella argued as she too joined her family on the ground, "You aren't just saying that are you dad?" she asked after a moment's hesitation. "No, of course not sweetheart," Draco answered softly throwing a look to his son. Hermione smiled, enjoying the sound of her family's banter. In that moment the torrid letter was forgotten. She placed her hands on Draco's firm chest as her children bickered back and forth. Looking up, she saw Draco looking at them thoroughly amused. He seemed to sense the weight of her gaze on him as he turned and looked down at her, his eyes slowing becoming laced with worry. He pressed a kiss to her temple and Hermione knew that now was the moment to tell him. "A letter came," she said softly enough for only Draco to hear, "From London." At her words, his arms tightened around her, "What did it say?" At this she couldn't help but chuckle a little, it seemed all so foolish now. A simple letter causing her such grief, but she had learnt a long time ago, words had the power to destroy a person more so than actions did. "It's an invitation," she answered slowly. "An invitation to what?" "To the twentieth reunion…at Hogwarts," Hermione said looking carefully at her husband. His fine features contorted to shock and then slight hesitation as the realisation dawned on him. It took them a moment to realise their children had stopped fighting and were looking at them with intrigue. The mention of Hogwarts had caught the attention of the Malfoy children. "So…are you going?" Scorpius asked hesitantly breaking the silence. "Well that all depends …" Draco started looking at his wife, "If you want to go love." Hermione avoided the urge to roll her eyes at her husbands expected reply. She really did know him too well. "I…I don't know," she told them honestly. It had been nineteen years since she left home. Nineteen years away from her family and the friends that turned their back on her. It seemed like a lifetime ago yet like it all just happened yesterday. With Draco's arms still securely around her, Hermione looked at her children wondering if returning would be the best thing. Like his father, Scorpius Malfoy looked every bit the Malfoy. Tall, quite certainly taller than his mother with a lean built that came from hours of Quidditch practice. He was the very image of his father at sixteen with the only exception of his remarkable blonde hair falling loosely on his collar rather than the traditional slick backed Malfoy way. His silver eyes held mischief that their friends often claimed came from his mother. He now regarded his mother with a cool stare as she lost herself in her thoughts. Beside him, Rhaella stood pulling her blonde curls loose from her hair tie. Her long locks fell all the way down her back, and with the same distinct Malfoy colouring, she really was breathtaking. She had her mother's soft sweetheart shape face and tinkling laughter. Being a year younger than Scorpius, she barely reached his chin. "Mum?" Rhaella probed lightly wondering what her mother was thinking, as she leaned on her broomstick. "What would they say?" Hermione whispered looking down at her feet. "They will hate us all." She said softly. "That's not fair to any of you." "We don't care what they say mum," Scorpius said. Rhaella nodded fiercely looking between her brother and parents. "Scorpius is right Hermione," Draco said gently, "You shouldn't care what they say." "Mum?" Rhaella asked again as a dangerous thought dawned on her, "You…you're not ashamed of us are you?" As she spoke she avoided her mother's gaze, feeling her curls fall into her face and blocking her face from her parents. Moving faster than Draco realised, Hermione was at her daughter's side pushing the blonde curls away from her delicate face to look into her poignant grey eyes, "I could never be ashamed of you. How could you think that sweetheart?" Looking slightly tearful Rhaella looked at her mother as she answered, "Its…it's just that I know the Malfoy name isn't regarded with much love there …and I …I well I –" "Oh! Sweetheart," Hermione said hugging her daughter close, "Please don't ever think that we never returned to London was because I was ashamed of my choice to marry your father. You're my greatest achievement. All three of you, and I wouldn't change any of it for the world." "But why didn't you ever return?" Rhaella asked. "Well your father and I did speak about it a few times, but in the end we decided it would be better if we stayed away from prying eyes. Its like you said, not everyone back home regards the Malfoy name with much love. Look at how annoyed your grandfather gets every time he has to leave the manor!" Hermione said with a small smile. "That's only because grandma Cissa takes forever to get ready," Scorpius said with a small laugh. "Yes…well that too I suppose," Hermione conceded. Turning to her look at her daughter, she tucked a few soft curls behind her ears, "You have nothing to be ashamed of, and you Rhaella Lyra Malfoy," Hermione said tickling her daughters sides eliciting small giggles from the blonde, "are intelligent and beautiful and most definitely a better Quidditch player than your brother." "Mum!" Scorpius whined, "That's not fair! Before Hermione could respond, a shriek erupted from the house followed by the heavy doors being pushed open and a flash of blonde hurling itself at Draco. "Daadddyy!" the sweet girlish voice cried launching herself into Draco's arms, "Zeus is trying to eat me!" Chuckling Draco ran a soothing hand over his daughter's curls as she hid her head in the crook of his neck. "Thea, I don't think Zeus wants to eat you sweetheart," Draco said soothingly. He looked to the porch where the said Siberian husky sat watching them with keen eyes, tail wagging innocently. "Yes he does!" she cried. "He even licked my face!" "I bet he thought you tasted nice" Scorpius teased unable to resist the urge to tease his littlest sister. Hearing the big gasp emitting from her, the rest of the Malfoy's around her couldn't help but laugh before Hermione took pity on her daughter. "Don't' listen to him bug," she said trying to throw a disapproving look at her son but failing miserably at it, "He's just upset cause Rhaella bet him in Quidditch…again." "She didn't win!" Scorpius pouted. "I so did!" Rhaella said gleefully. "Maybe Zeus should eat you," he said playfully bumping her shoulder. Rhaella stuck her tongue out at him choosing not to say anything. "Don't let Zeus eat me…or Ly," little Althea said drawing the attention back to her. Scorpius couldn't help but chuckle at his sister. The three year old was often described, by their uncle as a little nymph. Her hair was just like her siblings, blonde and delicately curled like her sister's. Like her siblings she had the silver eyes of the Malfoy's but hers were lightly tinted with hues of soft blue. One could spend all day admiring the little blonde's beauty and mischievous nature. What Scorpius had found most intriguing was the mystifying relationship Althea had formed with their dog, Zeus. The Siberian was massive in form with grey and white fur and equalling captivating blue eyes. On most days Althea and Zeus were inseparable, but they seemed to enjoy the love – annoy relationship they had going on. Yet Zeus seemed to take to the youngest Malfoy the most and Draco and Hermione didn't have the heart to separate them. Looking to the porch, where the massive dog sat, Scorpius swore he thought the dog was laughing at them. Shaking his head, he reached over and took his sister from his father's arms. "Come on little Thea," he said holding her high in the air. Her giggles filled the garden as Hermione and Rhaella joined Draco where he stood, "Let's see if he really wants to eat you… I bet he's really hungry," the teen joked causing Althea to wriggle in her brother's grasp. "Daddy," she called helplessly, "Make him stop! Scorpy stooooop!" Althea cried as he started tickling her before the husky took of the porch and made its way towards them at an alarming pace. "Scorp! He's coming! Run!" Scorpius barely had time to put Althea down before he was tackled by Zeus. The heavy dog flattened Scorpius and then sat with half his body over the young blonde's chest, looking up at the rest of the family with a very pleased look in his eyes. Althea's laughter rang loud in the gardens and soon her parents and sister joined in as they saw Scorpius struggling to move the massive dog off him. "Thea!" he called, "help me," Scorpius called to his sister. She shook her head and hid behind her father's leg. "What if he eats me?" he asked feigning hurt. Her big silver eyes reappeared from behind their father's leg, she looked contemplative for a moment but then she merely shrugged and disappeared from sight again; though her melodious laughter could be heard. "And I thought you were my favourite sister," he huffed, "Lyra I guess that means I love you more than Thea." Hearing this Althea gasped in shock. "You can't do that!" she said coming out from behind her father's legs. She marched over to where Scorpius lay on the ground with the still ungodly sized dog on him. "Off course I can!" Scorpius argued back, "What do you say Ly?" Rhaella smirked down at