Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. All characters (with the exception of all Original Characters) are the sole property of our Queen JK Rowling. Calm before the storm Monday morning – The Great Hall "Oh god Lily if you could swoon anymore I'm sure you'd fall of your seat." Rose said looking at her cousin in amusement. Lily sighed dramatically and drew her eyes away from across the hall to look at Rose. "It's not my fault he's so bloody gorgeous." She mumbled. Rose could only roll her eyes at her cousin's antics. "Oh, don't act like you don't agree!" Lily said with a sneaky smile. "Besides it's not like there's much to look at here." She continued motioning to the Gryffindor table. Looking up and down the table she frowned. All the boys in her house were either taken or too intimidated that she was Albus Potter's sister. Yep nothing to see here, she thought, and so her eyes went back to a particular sleepy looking blonde. "She's right you know," came a soft voice beside her. Lucy flittered down on the bench, "Even you can't deny his gorgeous… they all are." Lucy giggled when Rose shot her a scowl. Rose groaned and followed Lily's eyes to the Slytherin table to see Demetrius Malfoy sipping leisurely on his coffee as he listened to Charlie Zabini rattle of beside him. He looked up for the briefest of seconds catching their gaze and gave them a sweet smile. Lily blushed and smiled back nervously. He looked to Rose and she saw the briefest of that famous smirk on his face before a tall figure clapped him on the shoulder before sitting down beside him. Rose inwardly groaned as she watched the second familiar blonde sit beside Demitri. They spoke brief words before she found grey eyes looking back at her with interest. His gaze was confident, unlike Rose who suddenly felt a bit flustered having both Malfoy boys looking at her. She couldn't deny Lucy was right, both Malfoys were gorgeous and it didn't hurt that both had an exceptionally charming personality. It was only when she saw the tiny hint of a smirk on Scorpius' face that she scowled and looked away. Lucy looked at her triumphantly, knowing she was right. "Don't'," Rose warned her stopping whatever ill – conceived thought crossed her mind, "Just don't." Lily wasn't about to let up that easily though, "Oh come on Rosie! Admit it." Sighing in defeat and seeing no other way for her cousins to change the topic, "Fine! They're bloody gorgeous! Happy now?" she grumbled. Who's gorgeous?" Dominique Weasley asked joining the girls at the Gryffindor table. "The Malfoys" Lily said with a small smirk. "Oh, so you've finally admitted to that have you Rosie?" Dominique asked with an equally discomforting smile. "Stop calling me Rosie and I only said it because they wouldn't shut up about it. Now can we stop talking about this already?" She said ignoring Dominique's comment. "Fine, let's talk about the Hunt this year," Lucy said with great eagerness. "No Luce!" Lily quickly objected. "Rose is Head Girl now. She can't know all our secrets." Lily teased. Lucy looked aghast at the idea of Rose turning against them, "You wouldn't… would you?" she asked sceptically. "Well technically the Head Girl and Boy have been given permission to stop this ridiculous Hunt you lot are so insistent on." Rose explained. Lucy looked rather upset, "But if I don't know anything then I can't stop it now, can I?" Rose added with a small smile. They all laughed before Rose gathered her things and left the Great Hall. She rounded the corner rather quickly and collided with a solid figure, before her ass hit the floor. "Ow!" she cried from where she sprawled out on the floor. "Crap! Rose, sorry I didn't see you!" Albus said reaching down and helping her off the floor. "Are you okay?" "Yeah I'm fine." She said dusting her skirt and then looking at her cousin. Albus Potter looked more like his father than James did with the untidy black hair and green eyes. Albus seemed to be scanning the corridor looking for someone. "Who are you looking for?" "Louis!" he said anxiously, "You haven't seen him, have you?" he asked as an after thought. Rose shook her head. "Dammit! We need to discuss this year's Hunt and I personally think that –" Rose clamped a hand over his mouth to stop him from talking. "I can't know this Albus. Plausible deniability and all that crap." She reminded him. He looked at her with wide eyes for a moment and then just nodded. Rose took her hand away, "You know having both you and Scor as Head's is rather inconvenient." She laughed, "I'm so sorry to hear that," She joked. "Try the Great Hall. You know Louis is always late to breakfast." She called over her shoulder as she walked away. Rose headed to the Head's dormitory to retrieve her things. Thinking back to The Hunt that seemed to get all her cousins hyped up. It was ridiculous really but she couldn't deny the fun in it. The Hunt was something that Teddy Lupin had started during his time at Hogwarts. Each year a group of students from each house would get together and comprise a list of items. This was then given to the mysterious Gamemaker's who would approve it. Then they would have the list distributed out to all houses, discreetly of course. They would have a week to collect all the treasures and bring them to some location within the castle. It was no easy feat and it seemed over the years, the Hunt had become a very serious matter for most of the students. The teachers didn't approve naturally. Not when the previous lists hand included things like a toilet seat from Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, the chandelier from the Great Hall, the Sorting Hat and twelve Cornish pixies. As the years went by the list had gotten more extreme and eventually the Head's were urged to stop it in any manner. But a Hunt had never been stopped and it seemed even more unlikely this year. With Scorpius as Head Boy and Rose as Head Girl and considering that virtually all her cousins were so eager for it, she didn't have the heart to stop it. Scorpius Malfoy seemed more disappointed that he couldn't join in this year. Once Rose had deposited her unnecessary books in her room, she headed back down for double potions. She opened her book to a rather fascinating potion on aura's when suddenly she collided – again – with something solid. Expecting for the second time that morning to land on her ass, she was very surprised when the fall did not come. Instead strong arms quickly caught her and she was pulled against a firm chest. Looking up she saw grey eyes, and suddenly Rose was feeling a little breathless and it had nothing to do with almost falling. "Are you okay Red?" he asked softly. Had Rose been of coherent thought she would have scowled at the use of his nickname for her. But she wasn't, all she could manage was a nod. Damnit to hell! She thought. What was with this boy and his touch? This was not the first time his touch had left her feeling slightly scrambled. She had thought that by now it wouldn't have affected her so much, but she was wrong. As always when it came to Scorpius Malfoy she never knew what to expect. It had started in third year when Albus had begged that she try and get along with Scorpius. It wasn't too long after that that Rose found Scorpius wasn't such bad company. In fact, he was rather funny and she couldn't figure out why it had taken her so long to realise that. After all he was best friends with Albus Potter. Their dynamic had changed slightly this year. She had felt it and so had Scorpius. First it had been a mere brush of the hands when they worked together in potions, then the patrols started and Rose found herself craving those few hours with him. As the term eased on, they became more comfortable around each other – reaching far beyond the boundaries of 'friends'. His touches became more frequent and every time Rose was left wanting a little more. It frightened her and she did the only thing she could think of. She distanced herself from Scorpius Malfoy and his alluring charm. It had been going well… up until she ran into him. Literally. Now she was in the one place she had tried to avoid. In his arms, stuck flat against his chest as his arms were sliding down to hold her even tighter than before. Rose tried to move out but Scorpius was having none of that as he just readjusted her and held her firmly again. "Have you been avoiding me Red?" Scorpius asked curiously. Rose scowled, "Don't be ridiculous Blondie," she said avoiding his gaze. "Why would I avoid you?" "You tell me," he said softly and then brought his hand up to move a piece of her fiery hair away from her face. "Like I said you're being ridiculous," she muttered unconvincingly. "And if I don't believe you?" he whispered softly moving so his nose gently brushed hers. "I would say that sounds like a you problem," she said sounding a little more like herself. Rose felt his chest rumble as Scorpius laughed and instinctively her hand gripped the front of his robes. He didn't say anything else but simply smiled. Not a smirk but a true and proper smile. The ones she had only ever seen on him when he spoke about his family or when it was just the two of them. He closed what little space was between them and placed a gentle kiss on her cheek. "See you in potions Red," he said in her ear before letting her go. Rose watched as he climbed the stairs and disappeared into his room. Damnit ! Rose thought trying to calm her frantic heart. This was the very thing she had tried to avoid. But there was something so mysteriously alluring about Scorpius Malfoy that Rose couldn't help but be drawn in. Taking deep breaths, she set her feet in motion and made her way to potions. Rose was going to need all her wits if she was going to survive double potions with Scorpius. }{}{}{}{}{}{ Scorpius Malfoy cursed himself as he shut the door behind him. He had been doing so well. Trying to get Rose Weasley out of his head had proved a truly difficult challenge, and he had done so well. Well almost anyway. Demitri had set it all in motion again this morning. There was no doubt in his mind that Demitri knew exactly what he was doing when he mentioned Rose at breakfast. His little brother was a sneaky devil no doubt about that. Scorpius wasn't sure how it happened, or when but all at once it was like Rose Weasley was all he could think about. Soon he had craved every prefect meeting, every patrol and every damned potion's lesson. Spending time with her was becoming second nature to him and then it stopped. Two weeks ago, they had almost kissed before she panicked and flew from the room and had been promptly avoiding him ever since. Until this morning; when he had caught her looking over at the Slytherin table. And if Merlin wasn't cruel enough, Scorpius had found himself in a more torturous position. Rose Weasley in his arms was all he had thought about in the past two weeks. And rather unexpectedly that was exactly where she had landed. But Scorpius knew that he would have to tread carefully. She was talking to him again, that that was some progress. He