This was my submission for the CheatersContest sponsored by Cheatward's Spot. I was completely blown away by the awards it won: First Place Judge's Vote Tied for Third Place Public Vote Newbie Author Award Judge's Pick: junebugjazzy Judge's Pick: AmoreBella88 Beta's Pick: Tiffany L Cullen Thanks to all the folks who worked to make the contest possible. Huge thank you's to everyone who voted. I'm glad you enjoyed my particular brand of crazy. Penname: Amethyst Gold Title of Story: Evil Deceit Rating: M Pairing: Bella and J. Genre: Drama/Angst Word Count: 14,167 Story Summary: Bella's looking to hurt the one who hurt her. It's too bad that deceit can be so very deceptive. CheatersContest entry. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended . The plush leather chair creaks softly as Bella shifts her position once again. "So, yeah, my husband cheated on me," she says, staring at the carpet while bringing her thumb to her mouth and chewing on the already-ravaged nail. Her leg bounces nervously. After a few moments, she stands and starts pacing in front of the window, crossing back and forth over the thin sliver of light making its way between the drapes. "I guess you know that though. That is why we're here, right?" She huffs out a laugh. "Yes. It seems that is why we're here. Did you want to talk about it some more?" the man asks. He has a confident yet calm and peaceful presence. Lounging comfortably on the small sofa facing Bella's chair, he lifts his right ankle to rest on his left knee. As he watches Bella pace, he casually brushes his hair back from his forehead. It is blond and wavy, falling just over his collar. "What I mean is, it's probably a good thing for you to talk about it. Process it some more. I'm an excellent listener," he adds, humor in his voice. "I'm sure you are. I mean, I know that you are because I rambled on and on over the phone with you. I'm just glad we could meet so quickly." Bella stops pacing and stares out the tiny strip of window that is visible while twirling some of her hair around her fingers. "It's better that I deal with this head-on instead of being normal wallflower-Bella," she says. "Mmm," he hums. "What's your name again?" she asks, suddenly turning to face him, looking directly into his blue eyes. He cocks his head to the side as he regards her. "Are you having difficulty remembering other things, Bella, or just names?" he asks in reply. "No! My memory is fine thank you," she snaps. Turning back to the window, she closes her eyes and takes a deep breath before speaking again. "I apologize. I've been … short tempered lately. I know that you told me to call you Jay." "Yes, that's right." She walks back to the chair and sits down. "What I meant was, is that Jay, J-A-Y, or J, like the letter?" He smirks at her and takes a moment before replying. "I could try to sound like a shrink and say 'whatever you'd like,' but the answer is J, like the letter." She nods in acknowledgment but says nothing further, staring instead at the painting on the wall depicting a generic beach scene. "So, why don't you start by telling me what exactly happened," he prompts. "It's just so hard to say the words…" she trails off. "You've already said the worst part, I think. Acknowledging that he cheated. The rest is just details." "Right. Sure, you're right." Bella picks up her purse from the floor beside her. She fishes out several tissues before putting it back on the floor and settling into the chair. "My husband, his name is Edward, he's a surgeon. He works at UW Medical Center here in Seattle. My good friend, Angela, is a surgical nurse there, too, and they often work together. Anyway, Angela told me a couple of months ago that she thought something might be going on between Edward and some woman at the hospital. It was such an outrageous idea that I didn't give it any thought. At least not at first," she wipes some tears from her face and sniffs. "I thought he was happy. I know that I was. He was - still is – everything to me. Everything I ever dreamed of or wanted in a husband. I thought he was as happy as I was, but clearly I was mistaken." "So, what convinced you that he might actually be cheating?" J asks. "Well, he's on an on-call rotation for the emergency department, but this one night he wasn't on the call schedule. It was a Friday and we both had had a pretty hectic week. We planned to go out to dinner, have a date night, you know? But he phoned shortly before he should have been arriving at home to say that he had to stay late at the hospital. Supposedly the surgeon on call had to leave suddenly on some family crisis so Edward was covering for him. There was a car accident victim who needed emergency surgery. Anyway, he mentioned that he was glad Angela would be helping in the OR. He always said she was one of the best surgical nurses at the hospital." Bella pauses and stares out the window for a moment. "Imagine my surprise when I got a call from Angela about half an hour later. She was at home and all chatty. She asked if I was ready for date night and if I was wearing some of the sexy underwear that I purchased the last time she and I went shopping. It was this totally normal conversation, except that I thought she was supposed to be at work with Edward. So I told her about Edward's call and asked her why she wasn't at the hospital. I figured there was a last minute change, maybe another nurse wanted to pick up some extra hours or something. But Angela insisted that she had seen Edward just before she left the hospital – it would have been right around when he called me – and they weren't prepping for any emergency surgery. Not only was she not assisting, she wasn't aware of him preparing for any surgery at all. "Man, she really let me have it then, telling me that I had to get my head out of my ass, that Edward wasn't some saint who couldn't be led into temptation. She offered to go back to the hospital right then and track him down, just to catch him in his lie, you know? But I needed time to process it all. I just couldn't seem to wrap my head around the idea that he would be cheating on me." She turns to look directly at J. "The next day she and I went out for coffee and she offered to do a little unofficial undercover work at the hospital. She felt confident that if she watched Edward closely enough she could discover exactly what he was up to. Or, more specifically, who he was up to since she was convinced he was screwing around. I told her sure, it would be better to know the truth than to always wonder, right?" "I can see your point," J replies. "What did she find out?" "It was just the next week when she called to tell me that she caught Edward acting very familiar with this one chick who worked in an office at the hospital – I guess she did quality assurance or compliance or something. Anyway, Angela's boyfriend, Ben, is kind of a tech geek and she talked me into letting him try to bug Edward's office to capture both audio and video. Turns out it was ridiculously easy for her to get him into Edward's office, so much for security, huh? "It wasn't long after that, just a few days that, uh…" Bella closes her eyes and takes a deep breath before continuing. "Well, Angela's plan worked and we caught Edward having sex in his office with this other woman." "Bella, I'm so sorry," J says, his tone rich in sympathy. "That must have been incredibly hard for you to see." Bella huffs out a laugh. "Yeah, I was a real mess for a couple of days. I tried to hold it together when Edward was home until I figured out what I wanted to do. Angela was my rock through it all. Every time we talked, I kept saying 'I don't know what I'm going to do.' I think she got sick of hearing it. That's when she said I should make him feel the way he made me feel. That I should have a little revenge sex. What a crazy idea, right? "I mean, that's not how I usually deal with problems, you know? But the more she talked to me about it, the angrier I got at Edward. How dare he do this to me? It's a monumental task deciding how I want to deal with him; do we try to work through this betrayal, or do I walk away from the man I thought I would be with forever? Beyond all that, I have to re-evaluate everything in my life. It's just, when the one thing that you knew that you knew that you knew, turns out to be false, well, I can tell you, you don't know who or what to count on anymore." She pauses and takes a drink of water from the glass on the table beside her. "I'm devastated. I'm heartbroken. I question everything now. The only thing that I know unequivocally is that I am epically pissed off," she finishes with conviction. "Those are all very legitimate feelings," J says. Then he smiles. "Most importantly, I can work with anger." "Anyway, that's when I thought it would be a good idea to talk it over with someone. So when Angela mentioned you, well, I really liked that she knew you and could vouch for you. No offense," she glances at him apologetically. "None taken, Bella. I'm glad that, ah, Angela gave me a good recommendation," he says, shooting her a smile. Bella glances around the room nervously; her leg starts bouncing again. "So, where do we go from here?" she asks. J looks at her, his shrewd eyes narrowed in contemplation. After a moment, he rises slowly from the sofa. At just over six feet tall, he is athletically trim. Dressed neatly in charcoal slacks and a blue button down, his clothes don't hide the fact that toned muscles ripple along his torso when he moves, and the curve of his bicep is clearly visible when he lifts his hand to scratch his chin or run it through his hair. With graceful steps, he moves deliberately across the room toward Bella. His eyes never leave hers, and by the time he stops in front of her, her head is tipped back in order to gaze up at his face. The atmosphere in the room shifts and Bella nervously licks her lips. Without saying a word, he kneels down in front of her. Placing his hands on her jean-clad knees, he gently pushes them apart and inches forward until his stomach is flush against the chair, her legs on either side of his ribcage. His eyes travel her upper body, moving from her lips to her neck and down to her chest, rising up again until he finally returns her steady gaze with his own. His tongue sweeps across his lips while his thumbs start rubbing gentle circles on the inside of her knees. With painstaking slowness, he starts to move his hands toward her hips, stopping about mid-way up her thighs. His thumbs, however, continue their light caress. "Bella, Bella, Bella," he says in a slightly sing-song voice. "I can't tell you