A/N Hey guys, so I was rummaging through pinterest (Yay!) and I came across this one post that talked about best friends now turned enemies, and kind of went "sure why not?" so here I am, when I should be packing, I of course decided to procrastinate by writing this. But given that I finished this and published it, I'm not technically not being unproductive, just not being productive in what I should be doing. But Oh well, what are we going to do. Okay, now keep in mind; it's meant to be silly and it was put together without much thought. Soooo...enjoy! One-Shot Have you ever had to make a hard decision? I'm not talking about choosing a dress for prom, or if you should forgive Mark for cheating on you even though he promised not to do it again (that cheating bastard needs to be kicked to the curb). I'm talking about making a hard choice; a choice that splits you in two, changing your life forever. If you haven't, you should consider yourself lucky. If you have- well I can only hope you made the right choice. I know I did, but that doesn't mean I had to like it. My story goes back to when times where simpler, people were free to live their own lives and be happy, our government was a group of leaders called The Olympians. Sure they weren't the best government, nor did they make the best decisions at times, but we lived happily under their rule; with the occasional battle here and there, and the inevitable disappointment of a senseless law or action on their part (also my mom was kind of part of the group of leaders, so I couldn't really complain much in front of her). Life was good, not great- but if it was their wouldn't be a need for a better generation. Then the war broke out, a group of power hungry radicals overthrew The Olympians, they called themselves The Titans. They promised peace, happiness, fairness; but they gave us war, grief, and oppression. I watched as innocents were murdered, our country was destroying itself and there was nothing we could do about it. Then I made the decision that would tear my already torn life to pieces, I joined the rebellion. It all happened when my father was trying to sneak us out of the country, my mother had made arrangements to get us to safety, dad and I were to meet her at a secure location. That night my mother never showed, she went MIA, whether she was captured, killed, or had fled on her own was unknown. Instead we were greeted by a group of The Titans' attack dogs (military guys who ransacked our homes and then killed those who they believed were traitors to their bosses), my father tried to protect me and died in doing so. I was left alone, scared, and surrounded by ten guys who thought torturing people was fun. I stood my ground, shaking on the inside but refusing to let them enjoy my fear. That's when He showed up. "Annabeth!" He shouted pushing through the group of guards, and running to me. "Luke!" I shouted, both relief and fear enveloping my body. Luke Castellan had my best friend since I could lift my own head, his father and my mother were both in the council, and we ended up with the same nanny. We were literally raised together, he was my brother and best friend. Seeing him there, I knew he would do anything to protect me, including giving up his own life. "Are you hurt? Did they do anything to you?" He asked grabbing my shoulders and inspecting me. "No, Luke, my dad-" he looked to the limp figure on the ground behind me. "Oh my gods Annabeth, I'm so sorry." I closed my watery eyes as he pulled me in for a tight embrace. He let go of me and looked into my eyes, "We have to go." Grabbing my arm he began to pull me in the direction of the guards. "Wait Luke, they're not just going to let us leave." I held tight to his arm, feeling secure. "Sir, your transportation is waiting at the end of the road." One of the guards informed someone close to where we were standing. "Thank you, I'll meet you at the base. From there we can initiate our ops." The man who I had admired all my life replied. "Wait, what? W-w-what are you talking about?" My grip on him loosened and he grabbed my slipping hand, holding it between both of his. His eyes pleaded for me to drop it, but he knew me better than anyone, he knew the pieces were already coming together. "You're with them." I whispered, horrified as my eyes darted between him and the armed men a couple feet away. "Annabeth, there is a war going on. Things are changing, in order to survive we must change along with it. If you join The Titans, you can have a happy life." His cold hands gripped my limp one tighter. That's when my world shattered, if I couldn't trust him who could I trust? "They killed my father." I tried my best to hold the tears at bay, but nothing I could have done would have stopped the storm stirring inside of me. "I know, had I gotten here earlier I would have stopped them, I'm sorry. But it's for the best, he wouldn't have lasted through the fight." With one hand still holding on to mine, his free one caressed my cheek. "Please Annabeth, don't do this." He pleaded, he knew exactly where my head was at. They had killed my family, my friends, and he was asking me to take their side? "You and I seem to have very different definitions of happy." I managed to get out through gritted teeth. "So are you with me or against me?" He snapped losing his patience. "I am not with or against you Luke, I just-" I tried to explain but he cut me off. "If you are not with me, you are against me; and therefore against The Titans! So tell me Annabeth who's side are you on?" He shouted frustrated. My eyes snapped shut when he raised his voice, I took a shaky breath knowing very well what my decision was. Tears spilled down my cheeks as I nodded. "Alright." I whispered. My eyes opened to see him offering his hand to me, hesitantly I took it. He led me away from the group of guards and towards the vehicle that would take us to my new prison. When the car parked on the edge of the road came into view, I stopped in my tracks, bringing Luke to a stop along with me. "Luke are you sure about this?" I stepped in front of him, looking him dead in his marvelous blue eyes. "I am, we can be happy together Annabeth. Everything will work out." He reassured me. I nodded, gently placing my hands on either side of his face, I gave him a small smile. "Okay." I whispered, pulling down his face and gently placing a kiss on his cheek. Next I swung my head back and rammed it into his' as hard as I could, I felt light headed; the impact also affecting me. But I knew I had no time to wasted, I brought my knee up into his stomach and when he doubled over, I ran for my life. "Annabeth Chase!" He shouted after me. That night, as I hid in the woods, I met the people who called themselves The Demi-Gods, people who wanted to bring an end to the reign of terror. At the age of seventeen I joined, starting out as a look out (we would take turns watching surveillance cameras to ensure guards didn't get to close to our headquarters) but now seven years later I had risen to head of our tact team, we rescued innocent individuals and foiled the attack ops of the opposing side. I was a respected leader in our community, and we wouldn't stop until we had restored order to our world. Unfortunately, Luke had done the same on his side of the battle. He had always been very clever, and The Titans saw that- making him the head director of ops. I haven't seen him face to face in seven years, but given how our teams were literally pieces on opposite ends of a chess board, we have had a few exchanges here and there. Given our history, things tended to get a bit...interesting (to say the least). My fingers slid smoothly through the fur on the cat purring in my lap, I hummed amused while petting the sleeping animal. The door to my office opened, my eyes looked up to meet with sea green ones. Percy Jackson, my second in command, and very close friend. "Hey, so what's-" his eyes landed on the black furball in my lap, "Since when do you have a cat?" He asked confused, distracted from what he was going to originally ask. "Since yesterday." I smiled at him smugly. He quirked an eyebrow at me, knowing something good had to be behind my smile. "What'd you do?" He asked, his eyes greedy for details. Just then my computer rang, I had an incoming call. "Sorry seaweed brain, but you're just going to have to live with the uncertainty. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a call to take." I answered laughing at his pout, he shook his head and left the room, waving lazily as he closed the door. I clicked the accept button, quickly I spun my chair around to face the wall. I heard the distinctive click of the call connecting through, and noise coming from the screen. "Annabeth." A familiar voice growled. I slowly spun around, meanwhile petting the cat, the smug smile still firmly planted on my face. "Why hello, Luke. To what do I owe this pleasure?" "You took my cat!?" He cried indignant and aggravated. "Well more like he followed me home." I shrugged nonchalantly. "Bullshit! You haven't stepped foot in Florida!" He glared. "Well it's not my fault you live in the most humid place in this country!" I snapped. He chuckled, "Some sun will do you good. Why don't come over, we could settle this once and for all." He leaned back in his chair, smug. "I don't know, I've always thought I've always thought Washington was a good place for a fight to go down." I answered, smiling as the smile slid off his face. He hated the snow, I knew that and purposely changed our location to a remote town in the middle of gloomy Washington. Just like he moved to Florida because he knew I could never personally go to Florida, I'd die of dehydration the second I stepped off the plane. "Perhaps another time." He frowned, knowing very well what I was thinking. "Now give me back my cat." He growled. I brought the cat up to my face and nuzzled it's nose with my own, "I don't know, she seems to really like me. I think I'll keep her, she'll be my one reminder of you." "You wouldn't need a reminder if you were at my side." He gave me a wicked smile. "Nah the black kitty who's as black as your soul will do just fine." I shook my head, pressing my lips into a tight line. "I want my cat back." He stated giving up and returning to what he initially had called for. "And I want my analyst back." I responded without missing a beat. His eyes closed to a slit, knowing that he had played into my trap. "So we both have something the other wants, how bout we make a deal?" I asked him smug. "I don't think so." He