Bender magics Detailed summary: For centuries, witches and wizards have been able to manipulate the four elements instinctively. Before Hogwarts was founded it was accepted fact that in which season you were born determined which element you had a natural affinity for. Summer for fire. Wind for autumn. Water and ice for winter. Earth for spring. This accepted fact was thrown out of the window when every founder of Hogwarts proved that it was not only possible to learn a second element but that when you were born did not in fact determine which element you had a natural affinity for. The four founders also proved without a doubt that it was not only possible to learn more than one element but that it was also possible to combine elements to gain exotic effects. From the time the founders were born until several centuries later, magical society experienced a golden age of research and advancement. Unfortunately, this golden age came to an abrupt stop when it was agreed to separate themselves from their non-magical cousins permanently. Before the statute of secrecy became a law, magical society was superior in every meaning of the word. Three generations later, the last wizard that remembered the time before the statute of secrecy died and with him the last voice that tried to argue to at least keep up to date with the advancements their non-magical cousins were making. Barely a century later, the idea that magicals were superior to non magicals had become 'fact' and this was the beginning of pureblood bigotry. Very slowly, what was once fact slowly began to reverse. Where it was once that magical society was ahead on all grounds, now it was in fact their non-magical cousins that were ahead. Even though magical society had left their 'golden age' they still had several incredible discoveries. It was discovered that a witch and wizards were not in fact limited to a single animal they could turn into. They could in fact turn into several animals as long as they had studied it sufficiently. Where it was once thought that changing one's appearance was limited to either potions or traits limited to a single family, it was now proven that every witch and wizard could do it. The exact same could be said about things like wandless magic or to combine magic and technology that their non-magical counterparts were coming up with. By the early 1600's, magical families were growing in number and were gaining political power all over the world. Where they were once threatened by a lack of numbers, now they were able to equalize numbers with power and quality! It would no longer be so easy for their non-magical counterparts to intimidate magical society into compliance! Unfortunately it didn't last. It was the year of 1775 when it was finally noticed by magical enclaves that dozens if not hundreds of powerful witches and wizards had been disappearing without a trace. While that was cause for concern what made it even more serious was the fact that each and every witch and wizard that had vanished had been powerful magically and had mastered an exotic element. This fact caused magical enclaves all around the world to look up and take notice. At this point relations were still strong and in a matter of weeks, an international investigation force was gathered and ordered to find the culprit. This investigation force found to their horror dozens of the missing witches and wizards. Each having been tortured to death and each leaving a single message: you do not deny lord Voldemort. Once it was realized that a wizard was gathering an army, magical enclaves around the world started to mobilize to try and defend themselves from this threat. The investigation force was disbanded as each enclave wanted their best as close to home as possible. Doing so was the beginning of the end of good relations that magical enclaves had enjoyed for centuries. The dark wizard known as Voldemort made himself known publicly as well as politically. Voldemort wanted to crush their non-magical cousins and put magical families at the top with the non-magical people firmly at the bottom. Voldemort interfered with several non-magical conflict breaking one of those unwritten laws that magical society had accepted by then. Do not interfere in conflicts of the non magicals. Voldemort made sure that the rebellion in the America's were utterly crushed. It caused Britain to gain supremacy in the new world and become one of the super powers of its time. That was not the only conflict that Lord Voldemort interfered in. It was the bloodiest and most violent times of both magical society as well as non-magical society. Some countries ceased to be as they were annexed by their neighbours in an attempt to defend themselves against Lord Voldemort. For three hundred years, lord Voldemort waged a war that killed hundreds of thousands of non-magicals and thousands of magicals. Lord Voldemort controlled several ministries around the world and it was predicted he would conquer the rest in a matter of months until he targeted a single child that was prophesised to have the power to defeat him when they were both adults. Naturally, a dark lord cannot tolerate a threat to his power so he tried to kill the child personally. Then something happened where the death curse was reflected on him with ten times the power. Lord Voldemort was vaporized and with that, his power was broken. Shortly after this, someone leaked this information making the child who had lost his family the first and only survivor of the death curse and making him famous at the same time. After the Dark Lord Voldemort was defeated, it caused his armies to scatter. Dozens of internal factions made a grab for power, only to be utterly crushed by the loyalists of Voldemort himself. These factions were under attack by the other side as well and by the end of it, voldemort's armies were in full retreat. Where voldemort's armies were once united under one leadership, now there were dozens of factions staking their claim of territory all over the world. The remaining loyalists simply went underground and would wait for either Voldemort to return to power or for a new dark wizard to come to power and reunite the scattered factions by force. ATTENTION: This story is Extremely AU A number of points to keep in mind: I've touched on this AU history briefly but it should be obvious that everything will be different. Magical history is different. Non-magical history is different. What magicals can do is different. The technology that is common is different. EVERYTHING is different. STORY WARNINGS BELOW This story will have child abuse, incontinence , racism , bigotry and slavery . 1. This story is purely FICTIONAL . Any events as told within the story that seem familiar with the real world are purely coincidental. 2. FORCING YOUR CHILD INTO DIAPERS IS CHILD ABUSE AND IS ILLEGAL. 3. SLAVERY IS ILLEGAL . 4. BIGOTRY IS ILLEGAL. 5. RACISM IS ILLEGAL. 6. TOUCHING ANY UNDERAGE CHILD WITH SEXUAL INTENT IS ILLEGAL AND DESERVES THE DEATH PENALTY WITH NO EXCEPTIONS! 7. The journal entries are written from Harry's point of view. Everything he observes he will write down but will not necessarily be correct. Last but not least, the author would like to have your attention for the following points: The author does not own any of the fandoms that are used in this story. The author is only using it for his own personal amusement. This story is and will always remain 100% free to read. The following fandoms are used or are hinted at to exist, characters or other properties of the fandoms below may or may not be used. The author reserves the right to add to this list or remove from this list as needed. a. Harry Potter. (main story) I do not own anything of it. I make no money of it. b. The last avatar. (bender elements) I do not own anything of it. I make no money of it. c. Ranma ½. (Characters + ki) I do not own anything of it. I make no money of it. d. Assassins creed Black Flag. (plantation locations.) I do not own anything of it. I make no money of it. e. More fandoms may be added as is needed. This story is rated as adult+ . Remember what this means before reading it. And after 1420 words, we can finally begin the story! Enjoy! Prologue… 1981 Halloween When the dark wizard known as Voldemort forced his way through the wards protecting the Potter home, he fully intended to take down the child prophesised to have the power to defeat him. He would kill the husband, spare the wife to gift her as a slave for one of his favoured and then kill the child as well. Voldemort generally tried to spare children or gave them to his soldiers to raise. But if they had to die, he would get it over with as quickly as possible. Children don't have a say in on what side they are born after all. As soon as Voldemort broke through the wards by force, he overwhelmed James Potter with his golems made of magma. It made Voldemort a terrifying enemy to have since James was an air bender by nature which put him at a serious disadvantage. After a short but impressive battle, Voldemort gave James a salute and left the corpse where it was. He would allow his enemy to be buried by his allies in relatively one piece. He then turned around and cast a spell that would summon one of his more favoured servants. Voldemort did not have to wait very long for the servant to respond. Voldemort watched in amusement as the spy saw his most hated enemy dead on the floor and Voldemort could tell exactly when the spy realized what this meant. "Keep quiet and follow me. Cast whatever spell on yourself you think is required. If you are detected then you will wish you were dead by the time I am through with you." Voldemort was vaguely impressed at the clever use of spells the spy used. If Voldemort hadn't been included in the spells themselves, he would have had trouble sensing his little spy but as it was, the spies magic was submissive to his own. Voldemort moved on to the nursery with the spy in tow, fully intent to knock the mother out and then get rid of the child once and for all. Lilly kept begging Voldemort to kill her and to spare her son in return. Voldemort eventually got tired of her whining and knocked the woman out cold. He cast the necessary spells on her so she would be bound to listen to his spy as her new master. That was the place of a woman after all. Beneath a husband to do as she was told. It had been that way for centuries and would remain that way if he had anything to say about it. Voldemort frowned when he realized that his spells had failed and that Lily couldn't be bound to another man because she was a few weeks pregnant with child already. Voldemort just shrugged. The unborn infant could be used to blackmail the woman to obey. She was very beautiful after all. In fact… A cruel smile appeared on voldemort's face. Several spells later and he was assured of an undercover spy nobody would expect. Voldemort turned around and gave his spy the order to take Lily with him and deposit her into a safe house. "Make sure to tell the bitch of her new place in life. With her legs open for whoever orders her to do so." The spy kept his face completely neutral at this statement. "Of course… You are considered to be her primary master. You did beg