Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight and all its characters. No copyright infringement is intended. Author's note: I have been cheating on my favourite vampire with a much darker and slightly more conventional vampire of British origin. Unfortunately, he has gone and died, leaving me heartbroken. The nerve of some vampires! This story is written in my native tongue, and I'll make no bones about the fact that it has been inspired and influenced by my recent dalliance, so not all vampiric traits will be strictly in keeping with Twilight. In my copy, the italicised sections are written in dark red, which sadly can't be used here, but you might like to imagine it. There is a lot of angst and a fair bit of darkness in this one... "Where am I?" he asked, turning in a circle. "You're here," she said. Everything was white for as far as he could see in every direction, but just two feet from where he stood was a large bathtub - an old fashioned, cast iron, roll top tub with ball and claw feet. She reached out and began to unbutton his shirt. "What are you doing?" "You need a bath," she said, looking him in the eye. He didn't fight her as she eased the shirt off his shoulders. He raised his arms when she lifted the hem of his vest so she could pull it up and off over his head. The smell of blood flooded his nostrils when the fabric brushed past his face. He closed his eyes when her fingers moved to unfasten his blood soaked trousers. She knelt on the floor in front of him and untied the laces on his shoes, holding each shoe steady for him to raise each foot so she could take them off. She pulled his trousers and underpants down as one and waited for him to step out of them. His socked feet made red, sticky footprints on the pristine white floor. She peeled his socks off one by one and then stood up and took his hand, leading him over to the bathtub. "Climb in," she said. The warm water was tainted the moment his first foot entered it, and his hands left bright red prints on the rim of the bath as he lowered himself into the water. She pushed his shoulders down gently until he was completely submerged from head to toe. He closed his eyes, thinking that when he came back up for air, he would never want to open them again. She bathed him with her hands alone, running them through his long, matted hair and rubbing them over his face and neck, across his chest, down his arms and then lower under the water until she reached his toes. Her hands touched almost every inch of his bloody skin, but he wasn't aroused. He was too weary. "What is this place?" he muttered. "I shouldn't be here. I don't belong here. I should be in hell." "Hell isn't a place you can inhabit," she said, tapping a finger to his temple. "Hell inhabits you." He shuddered. "Then where am I?" "You're here… because your brother loved you. He loved you enough to stop you, enough to let you go and save you from yourself. He loved you so much, he could see your soul." He snorted, inadvertently taking water in through his nose. He could taste the blood. "Stand up," she said. The water ran down his body, the hairs on his chest, arms and legs dark and straight against his skin. He opened one eye. She was regarding him with a singular expression he could not determine. She held out a hand and he took it, stepping out of the bath and letting her lead whilst he dripped a trail of red water behind him. A door appeared where previously there has been nothing but white. She opened it, and he followed her into another expanse, not dissimilar to the first, except the water in the bath was clean and pure. "Get in," she said. "It will take more than water to wash away my sins," he said. "You think that's what we're doing?" "Isn't it?" Her mouth quirked up at one corner. She nodded towards the bath and raised her eyebrows, but his eyes were drawn to her left hand. It was clenched in a fist. He frowned at it until she relaxed her fingers, opening them so he could see the pale wood and bristles of a small nail brush. He did as he was told and once again closed his eyes while she scrubbed at the nails on his hands and feet. "You'll never get it all out," he said. "I've tried." "I know what I'm doing," she said, working the brush up his legs towards his groin. He winced in anticipation of the brush on his more delicate skin and bit into his bottom lip when she scrubbed the area between his legs, then his stomach, his chest and the front of his neck. "Lean forward," she said. The brush on the back of his neck and shoulder blades was soothing, more so as she worked it in circles down his spine to the small of his back. He felt his whole body relax and his mind began to drift. "On all fours," she said. In an instant, he had opened his eyes and turned his head. "You are joking, aren't you?" Her face showed no sign of humour; neither was it stern. He placed his hands on the rim of the tub, pushed himself up and climbed out. Her eyes roamed over his body, but still he wasn't aroused. And yet the woman kneeling in front of him was more than enticing. She looked up at him with her dark brown eyes wide open and her full lips slightly parted. Her chestnut hair was wavy and long, reaching almost to her waist, which was hidden by the simple, ankle length, white shift dress covering her body. She looked innocent, angelic and everything his baser nature would normally desire, but his body did not react as it would have done when he was… "Am I dead?" he asked. "You tell me," she said. "I thought… I should have…" He turned around and stared at the door that hadn't been there a moment ago. Before he could think how she'd got there, she was in front of him, pulling him through the doorway towards another bathtub full of clean water. "In you get," she said. "Another one?" "Yes." He looked down at his feet and watched the pool of red forming around them. Where was it all coming from? "In you get," she said again. The water was fractionally warmer than before, and he wondered if it would get hotter the closer he got to… wherever she was taking him. This was his third bath in how many to come? His musings were interrupted by a deluge of hot water pouring over his head. It had him coughing and spluttering and gasping for breath. Then her hands were in his hair and on his scalp, and rivulets of soapy, bloody water were running down his face, neck and chest. He retched. Blood had never troubled him before, not in that way, but then he'd always been able to let it run down the drain and wash away from him, out of sight, forgotten - mostly. The bath water got darker when she used a second jug of water to rinse the soap from his hair. "This might take some time," she said, tugging at his arm to indicate he should once more stand and get out. Time after time, bath after bath. She could try all she wanted, but she would never be able to wash it all away. ... He lay on the bed in her arms, her fingers exploring the contours of his face, neck and chest. All around him was white as far as he could see. Everything was white and pure, but him. He drifted, half asleep, half dreaming until the first face appeared behind his eyelids: his brother, wooden stake in hand, saying he loved him enough to free him from his misery. ... "Take this." "What is it? Oh, no, Edward! Don't—" "I need you to stop me." "Not like this." "I'm a slave to it, Emmett. I can't stop." "For years you were fine. You'll be fine again." "Not this time, and it isn't just blood. It's sex and violence and torture and death. I've lost control of the monster. Look at me. I'm covered in it, and no amount of trying will wash Bella's blood out from under my skin." "Is that what you've been doing? Trying to wash her blood away? Edward, it wasn't your fault. She pushed and pushed, and despite your fears, despite your warnings… She knew what she was asking of you. She knew the risks." "To her. She knew the risks to her." "She didn't think what it might do to you. If she'd loved you as she should—" "She loved me more than I deserved. She took me back. She gave me a second chance." "And then you were both fools." "I can't go on, Emmett. It's either you or…" "No. Not them. I'll do it, but I need time to prepare." "How many more people do I have to kill? Please. Do it now. I'm beg—" "I'm doing this because I love you." ... All around him was bright white. The glare was too much. He longed for the dark, for the darkness inside him to explode outwards and relieve his eyes. He choked on air, gasping for breath whilst she rubbed his back. He looked down at the sheet rumpled in his lap, covering his shame. Tiny spots of red liquid appeared on the sheet, one after the other, until he could see nothing but red. "Who are you?" he whispered through his tears. "It doesn't matter," she said, throwing off the sheet and exposing him. She clambered off the bed and grabbed his legs, pulling them towards her until his feet dropped to the floor. She took a hold of his hands. "Come on," she said. They walked and walked for minutes, hours, days, him leaving a trail of red spots in his wake, until they stopped still in the middle of nowhere. He looked up at nothing and then down between their feet at the smooth, white floor. Water started to fall, light and warm at first, like a summer rain shower. Then it became heavier and increasingly cold. His hair clung to his forehead, almost blocking his view of the woman, whose shape was now clearly visible under her long, wet dress. The thin, white fabric clung to her body, giving away her secret, showing her to be completely naked beneath it. He wiped a hand across his face and took in the vision that had once been an erotic fantasy sufficient to make him lose all control, but his body didn't react. His body was ice cold, frozen and impotent. She took his hand and placed it on her breast, but his fingers were too numb to move on their own. They had lost all sensation. He stared down at his feet, humiliated. They were surrounded by a pool of blood red water, for there was nowhere for it to go. She sighed and squeezed his hand. "Come with me." ... Through yet another door, there was small, white table and two white chairs with painted metal legs. There was food on the tabletop: a loaf of bread on a wooden chopping board, a block of cheese set at an angle beside it with a serrated knife sticking up out of the top, and some fresh butter in a white, ceramic dish. "Sit," she said. "Eat." "I'm naked." "Yes, you are." "And dripping wet." "Is that a problem?" He looked her up and