Chapter One The beautiful sound of the same song sung by a little bird started the day in District Twelve. From some of the houses you could already hear the noise of people awaking and beginning to rush things in, before going out to work. By 6 a.m. from almost every house you could hear men showering while their wives were preparing them breakfast. Someone from the outside would admire such synchronization, not only between husband and wife, but also all those men of the District; someone from the Village of the Victors, like Haymitch Abernathy, would call it robotic, mindless, thoughtless. But someone like Haymitch Abernathy would be lonely, full of nightmares of people belonging to the past, not to the beautiful and hopeful future. Differently than the barbaric, drunk victor, people were building their future, the life they could have as the time would pass by and actually, after almost three years from the end of the war they were having some success. They all had already made progress in rebuilding houses and, most important of all, the only hospital in District Twelve. Apparently, Haymitch didn't care about them all; he only thought of his own life which basically, in the moment, was alcohol, to drown the ghosts of the past in the night, and geese, to occupy himself with something during the day. And, in Katniss' opinion, those geese were diabolic, rude and noisy, but it looked like the old drunkard cared about them. He didn't mind being the rude, dirty, old rebel of the village. He was not like Peeta or Katniss that, after they got along, they married and lightly, slowly hided the scars of the past, truly believing that the future would bring the best; he didn't believe in a future nor he wanted a woman to run around his house to tell him what to do and what not to do. He wanted his peaceful, drunk life which would and should not be disturbed. Or at least he thought so. Unfortunately, for his sake, someone else didn't. The rhythmic knocking on his door woke him up from his new nightmare. He sat on the edge of the bed, but he realized soon it wasn't the best idea, as his hangover made him fall on the sheets again. But the knocking didn't stop and he understood that the only way to make it stop, was to stand up and see who it was. "I'm coming..." he muttered, trying to get on his feet, feeling the headache go through his mind and he was sure that, no matter who it was, he would punch the person standing in front of the door, still knocking as it was some kind of a machine, not a real, living person. When he was already down, that his loud steps could be already heard outside of the door, the knocking became stronger, as if to rush him up. Haymitch was not used to it; Peeta and Katniss had the keys of his house if they needed him and for what he could remember, he hasn't had any other visitors since the war was over. He shook his head, regretting it the exact moment he did it, and he stood in front of the door. He took a sharp and loud breath, before he finally opened the door. "Finally!" exclaimed a familiar voice, but looking at the person standing in front of him, he could not recognize her. It was a beautiful, breathtaking woman with blonde hair and blue, icy eyes. She stared at him raising an eyebrow, as she couldn't understand why would he look at her in such a shocked way. He noticed there was something familiar in her, something in the way she put her hands on her hips, the way she curled her lips and she raised her eyebrows . She looked way too familiar, but he couldn't relocate such woman in his memory. "Are you going to look at me as you wanted to eat me or you're going to let me in?" she asked, her voice so high, at least six times higher than any woman from District Twelve and Haymitch thought she might be from the Capitol; yet he couldn't remember any Capitol friend, outside of Plutarch, Fulvia and... Effie Trinket! "Sure, you never were the kind of a man that would let any person come in – ", she started babbling and he realized now he knew that woman. "Trinket?!" he shouted, shocked. He has known that woman for years, he has worked as a mentor with her on his side as an escort for almost ten years, yet he didn't recognize her. Now, looking at her better and with some kind of other eyes, he realized that she really looked, somehow, like the escort he knew. She was different, sure, but she still had the same nose and the same eyes and Haymitch insulted himself in his mind for thinking of her as beautiful. He could not think of her as beautiful and if he had known from the very first moment he saw her it was really Effie Trinket, he would not have thought that. "Oh, don't look at me as if you've seen a ghost!" rated him Effie, lightly smirking, when she noticed he was embarrassed. She could swear that he was and she noted in her mind to keep that moment in her memory. "Now, will you let me come in, or I am supposed to stay here, in the cold, because you haven't enough manners to invite me in?" He shook his head, his right hand on the door, his fingers tapping on the wood, but no word did come out of his lips: no inviting, no telling her not to come in, either. She raised her eyebrows waiting for an answer and for the second time in that ten-fifteen minutes, he noticed how much she still looked like the old Effie, even if she didn't wear those weird wigs, that amount of make-up as she did before. "So?" she asked, irritated. She was willing for an answer, but he looked like he didn't want to give her one, only to freak her out; someone from the outside would also admit that if that was his intention, he was doing a very good job. "Let me tell you one thing, sweetheart. I didn't tell you to knock on my door and wait for me to let you come in in the first place, so what makes you so sure I will ever let you come in?" he grinned, feeling her gaze on him, but he averted it, knowing well that he hasn't crossed the line yet and she wasn't even that angry. So he continued, "I don't know if you have noticed, but it's been already... How many years has it been since the end of the war?" "Almost three, Haymitch", she gritted, her voice at least four times less high than usual. "That's right! Three years... So, as you said, it's been almost three years since the end of the war- " he looked at her for a while, controlling if she was listening to him and if she was angry and when he noticed she was, he continued, "So it's also been at least three years since the last time we've talked and if I am not wrong, you weren't really willing to talk to me; after all, I saved you from prison, but you thought I was the reason you were the- ". It was rapid, the slap he got on his face and he could still feel on his cheek hurt, even after the palm of her little hand was already again on her hips. " Enough! Before you ask the right question, I tell you: I'm here because Plutarch sent me, but as I can see, it would have been better if he sent me to another house. I'm not useful here, not if I'll have to deal with you for at least one month!" she yelled, her hands closing in fists, still laid on her hips, her eyebrows wrinkling dangerously. She looked very dangerous in the moment and Haymitch knew he has overstepped the line. He has freaked her out in about twenty minutes and he wasn't quite sure what to do. He had not really meant to insult her; he just wanted to point her out that after all that time of not talking, after years of working aside arguing all the time, she was not welcome in his house and he would not let her come in. At least not before he would know what would bring her there in the first place. "Now, may I come in? I'm not happy as much as you are for having to stay here for at least one month, so do not think I want to be here. Just let me in, let me tell you what Plutarch told me to tell you, let me do my job here and then I'll just leave and you'll be back in your normal, drunk life. I stay here for a month without disturbing you and then I go back to the Capitol, and you'll pretend I've never been here. Do we have a deal?" she asked, biting her lower lip, angry but less than a minute earlier. "Alright, deal." Haymitch grinned, making a step on the right, letting her come in. "Just one thing: I don't have coffee here, nor I have nothing to eat, so you'll probably have to- ". She stopped him, walking past him and showing him the bags to carry, "I know the way you live here. I've been here once each year to deal with you for at least two weeks, there's no need to tell me stuff like that." "I see, sweetheart, you hadn't changed a bit from the last time we've... truly spoken", he noticed and it didn't pass unnoticed by him the way she looked at him, the way she curled her lips and bit her inner cheek. He looked at her, waiting for an answer, but she averted his gaze, trying to concentrate on the document she was holding. "The last time we've truly spoken was the day when you decided to go to District Thirteen leaving me to my own path. Yeah, well, I was really, really, the same way I am now." she said calmly, but very dangerously. "Well, aren't you, princess?" demanded Haymitch, playfully. She crossed her arms, up to say something as sarcastic as his comment, but he stopped her, raising a hand. "I'm just kidding around, sweetheart. You look different, but from the way you act you are the same. The only thing that has changed is your look. You look better without all that make-up and those stupid-" he gestured with his hand around his head, "-wigs. But I guess you still have those funny schedules and you're still wearing those killer heels with which you could stab someone..." "You're wrong. I have changed a lot and still, even if I haven't, it's not your place to say that. You're no psychiatrist." She noted, turning around to show him her bags, "Take them to the guest room, please, and... Do you still have your kind of office?". He nodded, muttering to himself about her being always the same and taking her bags. "Great then! After you're done, we can talk about what Plutarch told me. We don't want to waste time, now do we?" she moved forward the stairs and then she turned to him as if she remembered something, "Oh, and I noticed your geese. I see there is something you care about... Your days weren't enough busy that you needed them, huh?". The moment her words were spoken and she turned to the stairs again, going up, Haymitch realized that she really was not the same. Effie Trinket has changed and it was quite a surprise to