How to be happy Note: I had what I thought was a mildly original idea about where Dementors come from, so I wrote a fic about it. Three months into their third year, Defence Against the Dark Arts was still everyone's favourite subject. "But Professor," said Hermione. "I don't understand. Where do Dementors come from? We learned in Muggle Studies that they're personifications of a Muggle concept, depression. Did they come from Muggles? Did Muggles catch depression from us? How does that even work?" "No-one really knows what Dementors are, or where they came from," said Professor Lupin. He'd given up on steering the classroom discussion back to Redcaps - a Hogsmeade visit was coming up, and the Dementors still creeped most everyone out. Naturally there were questions. "Some think they're evolved from Boggarts," continued Lupin. "They say a clever Boggart figured out that if it scared its victims, they would run away, but if hit them with sadness and despair – they wouldn't see the point. Easier to feast on their minds." "Is that why no-one knows what's under their hoods?" said Hermione eagerly. "Because they're evolved from shape-shifters? Maybe they don't have a shape at all. They're just… clothes." "Clothes and a mouth, Miss Granger," said Lupin, while the class collectively made a face. "That's all everyone knows. You asked whether they are what the Muggles know as depression. Maybe. It doesn't mean the Dementors came first. Remember, historically, humankind has had a lot to be depressed about. With evolution, sooner or later something is going to eat anything. Even happiness. With similar results." "I'd love to delve deeper into the subject," breathed Hermione. Lupin smiled. "How about you write an essay?" he said. "For extra credit?" "Thank you, Professor," said Hermione. Next to Harry, Ron couldn't keep himself from snickering. Harry would have joined in – after all, count on Hermione to deliver an interaction so typically her , even if she looked like she hadn't slept in a week – but Harry's last disastrous Patronus lesson was still fresh on his mind. He wished himself miles away. St. Mungo's had a hidden wing. It wasn't on the floor plan, it didn't have a name, and there were no healers. What it had, according to Hermione, was wardens, the most haggard, silent wardens you could hire for minimum wage. Nobody knew how many rooms there were. Once or twice a year, a new door popped up, discreet as you like. It really was extremely hidden, thought Harry. At thirteen, almost fourteen, he had a pretty good idea of how serious wizards could be about hiding what they didn't want others to see. This wing especially. Serious. Ha. Naturally, Hermione knew all about it, read about it in some ancient tome she brought to pass the long hours at Harry's sickbed (she'd given up on trying to discuss the end-of-year exams with Harry). She'd tutted and tsk'ed, but in the end, she could not resist imparting her knowledge on Harry. Ron, similarly bored, but not as easily acquiesced by books, had tested an endless stream of ideas on how to find the hidden wing. He'd asked the paintings in the entrance hall for help (they'd refused it. Some hospital!). He'd followed the cleaners (and found a variety of broom cupboards). He'd tried behind the reverse polarity circulator in the Magical Accidents wing (and found nothing but a solid bit of wall). In the end, Harry had decided to stealthily follow Professor Lupin after the former's brief and distracted sickbed visit, figuring if anyone had a motive to find that wing, it was Lupin. Of course, it meant that Ron and Hermione had already gone back to Hogwarts for the night, but then, he'd been meaning to go alone. Admittedly, Harry was still not on top of his game. All remnants of stealth evaporated not five minutes into the operation when Lupin entered the lift (seriously? The hidden wing was accessible by lift?), turned, and looked directly at him. "You're not supposed to see him," his teacher said mildly. There was a world of explanations fighting for priority in Harry's mind, and Harry stumbled over all of them at once. It was his fault. He should have done better. He should have tried harder, thought up a better memory, a happier memory. Naturally, what slipped out was a cheap shot. "Are you?" "I never thought to ask," said Lupin. He looked left and right along the hallway. At this time, it was nearly deserted. "You better come in before someone notices," Lupin added. He looked tired, worse than he had all year, but then, it had only been five days since the full moon. But there was a new quality about Lupin, a certain to-hell-with-it attitude, not the unholy but ultimately light-hearted drive behind the Weasley twins and, he assumed, the Marauders before them. This was something graver, forged in tragedy. He'd been a wonderful teacher, but that, Harry realised now, was a role Lupin could slip in and out of with ease. He was something else now, but what? The doors closed behind Harry, and up, up, up they went in silence. A disembodied voice announced the name of each story, except for the last one, above even the Hospital Shop. The lift opened after a long moment's hesitation. In front of them was a long corridor with many doors. Some of the doors were ancient and wooden, with cracked metal fittings and old-fashioned keyholes; some were modern and sleek, with no doorknob anywhere. Some were in-between, neither old or new. Middle-aged. "Professor," said Harry. The lift doors made a motion to close again and they hadn't even stepped out. Lupin held them open with one hand. "Having second thoughts?" said Lupin. "Good. I'd be worried if you didn't." "I want to go," said Harry quietly. "This is my fault, after all. If I had conjured a better Patronus –" "No, Harry" said Lupin. "It's my fault. If I hadn't turned at that precise moment –" "It's not your fault you're a werewolf!" said Harry. "It's not your fault you're an unhappy teen," said Lupin. "Still, we both failed at playing the cards we were dealt with, didn't we? We were playing an unfair game, and this -" he gestured to the corridor, "this is losing. Let's go and face it." There was nothing Harry could say to this. He felt, to his core, that Lupin was right, but it was still alien to him. Was self-blame part of growing up? Hermione had theorised that it was the result of whatever the Dementors had done to his brain before his feeble Patronus had chased them away. Sort of chased them away. Well, nudged them away, more like. Pretty much tapped their shoulders and pointed them towards an easier target, one without a wand and even fewer happy memories. Harry'd fallen unconscious in the mental storm of the Dementors' joy. He followed Lupin along the corridor. The wardens were nowhere to be seen, but then, he figured the patients didn't ask for much. They needed feeding, they needed bathroom assistance, the occasional wash. "It's a chain of events," said Lupin quietly, as they walked past door after door. "A chain of failures. You failed to conjure a strong Patronus because you couldn't hold on to a single happy memory. I failed to teach you because I underestimated what you'd have to overcome –" "Professor –" "You listen, Harry. Albus failed when he put a traumatised one year old child in an abusive home. Voldemort failed to be human, and Peter, of course, failed to be brave. James failed his family when he trusted Peter over me. Severus failed to see past his childhood grudge, and we all failed when we bullied him in the first place. Justice failed Sirius when he was denied a trial and sent to Azkaban." He paused, then started again. "Society failed when it silently consented," he said. "When we gave up our integrity and our values so we could sleep better at night. We were so scared then, we turned on ourselves. Because that was someone we could fight." The anger in the man beside Harry was almost palpable. Well-controlled – and had he met a man with better self-control? – Harry felt it could be a weapon. "Is there anyone you don't blame, Professor?" said Harry. Lupin looked at him. "You chose your friends well," he said. "They are clever, and brave. And you, Harry," he added, with a sigh, "you tried. You gave your best. That's more than most can say of themselves. They give their worst, or nothing at all. Sirius, of course, would have said it's results that count, but if it weren't for you three -" He stopped in front of a door that looked brand-new, the frame neatly cut into the blinding white walls. There was a combination lock, and Harry watched Lupin put in the number. Only two digits. A twelve. What else would it be. "If it weren't for you three," repeated Lupin, "I'd say let the scarecrows win. It's over. He can have this world, there's nothing I'd miss. I'm going in first." "Professor?" Lupin turned in the doorframe. "I've known him longer than you, and I despised him for a very long time," he said. "I have a lot to apologise for." The door closed behind him, and before they did, Harry caught but a glimpse of the insides, brightly lit by the evening sun. He was standing in front of the window, swaying slightly on the spot, not looking out the window, or at his visitor, or anywhere. Then Harry was alone with his thoughts, in this corridor with nightmares behind each door. Or rather: the absence of nightmares, of dreams, of thoughts, of feelings. The absence of people. It didn't help that these rooms contained what was left of Death Eaters, murderers, child molesters. Maybe that explained Dementors, he thought, remembering Hermione's questions in that Defence lesson, a hundred years ago. What else could you be, if these terrible souls were all you subsisted on? How many innocents? How many falsely accused, like Sirius? Yes, he did have second thoughts. Harry hardly even knew his godfather. It had felt like the best moment of his life when Sirius had asked him to come live with him – but that moment hadn't been joy, exactly. It had been relief. Like a chronic pain suddenly ending. A glimpse of a brighter future, without the ever-present knowledge that, however good he was, however brave, however clever, at the end of the year he'd have to go back to the Dursleys and be nothing. That escape hadn't been about Sirius. It hadn't been about the to at all, it had been about the from . Maybe Lupin was right, Harry thought. For the first time in his life, he was wondering whether growing up as he did had left him somehow defective. If he was even capable of being happy. If that dark cloud would ever go away. Maybe. Sirius had seemed a bit crazy, sure, but a good person who had cared about Harry. He'd been his father's best friend, obviously, and Harry was sure they could have been friends, too, given more time. He'd deserved more time with Sirius. But this visit, did it count as more time? Moreover, did this count as Sirius? It was so unfair he could scream, but he didn't dare. There was no sound from beyond these doors, and Harry was suddenly so much colder. He knew that, when he opened his eyes, he would be back on the lake shore, trying again and again to conjure up that Patronus, feeble light against a flood of Dementors. On the other side of the lake, he remembered losing to the Dementors, his mind quickly fraying at the edges. Harry never stood a chance because he'd already seen it going wrong