I was wondering belatedly about that Boggart lesson in PoA. It seems quite intrusive on the children's minds. Knowing Remus, his lesson prepration must have taken that into account. Note : contains mentions of child abuse and some disturbing/violent imagery. Calibration The Boggart is old, and weary, and out of practice, after so many years stuck in that cabinet with only pests for company. What are woodworms scared of? Remus wonders. Cellar spiders? Ladybugs? The Boggart is currently neither. In fact, it's hard to say what it is. Remus watches the shapeless blob spinning slowly in mid-air, expanding this way and that, as if pushing against imaginary boundaries. Up until now, Remus has worried a Boggart might be too much for the third years. In all honesty, though, this one might be too boring. His new office has a window, which is all the more remarkable because, so far, Remus hasn't even had an office. He turns his back on the sad, indecisive mass still rotating in the middle of the room. Thinking, thinking. Lesson one for tomorrow: Don't turn your back on the Boggart . Corollary to lesson one: Unless, of course, you know exactly what you're doing . Unbeknownst to it, the Boggart is reflected in the window, competing for attention with the dusky outside. Remus is not in a contemplative mood. Unfortunately, to prepare his lesson for tomorrow, he has to be. He forces his mind to wander. The future, the past. Hogwarts is so full of both. One fact about the future: Tomorrow he will teach his dead friend's son for the first time, and he needs to get it right. One fact about the past: The desk in his office, where he drew up his lesson plan, happens to be the exact same desk he once spent four hours sitting at in detention: I will not let Sirius Black free the Cornish pixies during a ministry inspection again . How oddly specific, come to think of it. Full of loopholes. Welcome to Hogwarts. There's movement in the reflection. "All right," he says. "You had a good, long look. What have you got for me?" He turns towards the Boggart. In the middle of the room, there stands a hooded skeleton, faint blue light bouncing off the sharpened edge of its scythe, bones rattling like a ghostly xylophone, robes flapping in a non-existent wind. Could be worse, Remus thinks. At least the old Boggart got the genre right. "Ah, death," Remus says. "Good presentation. Nice visuals in particular. Not altogether very original, though." The skeleton lowers its head sadly. Disappointed at the less-than-panicked response? Hard to tell what a Boggart is thinking. And it may be a weak old Boggart, but it's primarily a hungry Boggart, and Boggarts feed off fear. It'll have to try harder, then. Remus's mind is usually a tidy place. The worst has already happened, what's left to be scared of? His fears are labelled, annotated, and most of all, archived. For one evening, though, he'll have to let them come out and play. "Try again," he says. "It's all there, you have to learn how to look for it – " The Boggart changes into another sad figure. Again, impressive visuals: the sightless eyes, slack mouth, jerky movements, like a marionette - "Really, an Inferius?" Remus sighs. "I don't fear them, I pity them. You're telepathic, note the difference. And here's another tip: You'll want to be a bit more personal. There's no one-size fits all with fear." That imprint of a departed soul in front of him starts shifting and twisting, with more purpose than before, occasionally settling for a shape, testing its impact on Remus. It's no good, though, the Boggart is just changing through a handful of generic representations. It is like watching a particularly bad Muggle horror movie. Some of them seem dated; things that might have worked for the Boggart back in the 1940s: A stern-looking Muggle doctor, a tall handsome wizard that can only be Gellert Grindelwald, a German Wehrmacht soldier. Remus laughs. "Why not Hitler, while you're at it," he says. The Boggart obliges for a split second. Then, realising what just happened, it turns back into an offended blob. Projecting an air of disappointment, Remus turns back towards the window. Outside in the dusk, the Whomping Willow is swaying in the brisk autumn wind. She's losing her leaves. He remembers how that always made her more irritable – to the roots, in fact. Autumns always meant a rough passage to the Shrieking Shack. That bloody tree. He had been sure they would have cut it down by now. He hadn't expected they'd ever accept another werewolf, and who could have blamed them, after – But then, this werewolf hadn't particularly wanted to return, either. "Well, well, well," says a raspy voice behind him. "What do we have here?" Remus almost jumps. Instead, he turns slowly, facing Fenrir Greyback. The man is improbably tall, though, towering over Remus, as if Remus were five years old again. Even the room appears changed – it is the same stuffy office, but with a note of leafy green darkness. It smells of musk and then of blood. Wonderful craftsmanship. Remus raises an eyebrow in appreciation. "Oh, we're getting warmer," he says. "Good old childhood days, when fears had a face and a name." "I remember it well," says Greyback. "You were so, so scared." "I know, right?" Remus says quietly, speaking to the Boggart, not Greyback. "Easy pickings for you. Maybe too easy. Take some pride in your work, will you?" "There you were, alone in the woods, and why? Wrong place, wrong time, my lad. It's just the law of nature." "Wrong," Remus says. "Greyback had stalked me since the new moon. He planned this. And the reason I was alone in the woods was because he dragged me there." He smiles. "Good effort, though. Bravo. Just when I thought I had finally forgotten the smell." Does the Boggart know that is a lie? If it does, then the whole evening is probably wasted. Unexpectedly, however, Greyback smiles back. "Remus Lupin," he says. "What a name." He had said much the same at the time. "I know," Remus says. "Coincidence of the century." He doesn't like this much. The Boggart is too confident. Remus's hand is, just so, resting on the wand hidden in his coat pocket. If need be, he'll go for the teeth, he decides. Greyback without teeth will be sufficiently silly. Greyback mauled to death by a werewolf would be overkill. Probably. "Only it wasn't a coincidence, was it?" Remus says calmly. "My mother loved Roman mythology. Greyback was not one for subtlety, and this was probably his idea of poetry. He couldn't resist me after he learned my name. My mother drank herself to death," he adds. "You could turn into her next." "But you forget," says the Boggart with Greyback's savage mouth. "I'm still alive. I come back for you. Take what's left." There's an instinctive response to this threat, lurking in the underwood of Remus's mind, but he passes over it. Instead, he makes himself laugh. "No," he says. "Greyback likes them young. I'm quite safe from him. Try harder ." Despite his words, he lets some of the old fear escape, like opening a valve to relieve pressure. He needs to feed the Boggart: It's so old, and so weak, and so hungry. But Greyback just stands there, dejected, and that looks so comical that Remus is laughing for real now. "Really," he mocks the Boggart. "Is that the best you can do? You've had all evening, and I'm really expecting more from – oh hell no ." Yes, that is a proper startle, and worse, the Boggart registers it. For the first time, Remus is seriously reconsidering tomorrow's lesson plan. Standing in the middle of his office are James and Lily Potter, quite obviously dead, holding their one-year old son Harry, quite obviously terrified. And apart from everything else that's wrong with it, this is probably not an image to parade in front of the third-year Gryffindors tomorrow. It is crucial to remain calm now. He draws a deep breath. "Aren't you getting a wee bit confused?" he says. "You're a Boggart, not a Dementor. These are my friends, I'm not scared of them. I mourn them. As a creature whose entire purpose is to scare people, you should know the difference." He closes his eyes, just to give his brain a temporary respite from the sight in front of him. There's no fun in mocking the Boggart, even if that is the only language it understands. He tightens his grip on his wand. But he can't come up with a way to make the tragedy in front of him look ridiculous. It's just makeup, for Halloween , he thinks. That terrible Halloween, and no, it isn't. Best to distract it, then. Remus concentrates on something, anything else, the first scary thought that comes up, and opens his eyes. "Ah," he says. "I see we're back to the Werewolf theme." In front of him stands a teenage Severus Snape, dead, and torn up. Bits of him are missing. It does nothing to improve his looks. "Good job," Remus says conversationally. "Love the detail on the intestines. That was quite scary at the time, you know. My best friend pulled a prank that night that might have left one kid dead and another a murderer. Some prank, I know. But since you are already in my memories, know this: It didn't happen, and furthermore, it didn't happen seventeen years ago ." Dead Snape is probably a step up from the previous image, but still not entirely suitable for the classroom, he decides. Slightly more gore than he expects the average thirteen-year-old to handle. "And you know what?" he adds. "It didn't matter. He succeeded just a few years later. Three of my friends are dead, and the fourth is a murderer. You keep returning to the past, but I'm not scared of it. It's over. It can't hurt me." He expects the Boggart to follow his guidance on this one, too, but the Boggart is getting full of himself. It has realised what nerves are worth striking. The image becomes even stronger. "Listen to me," Remus says. "Have you forgot how to be a Boggart? Look in the future, not the past. You want to scare me? Pick something that might still happen." There is no change, apart from dead Snape looking a bit smugger than he has any right to be. "You don't believe me, do you?" Remus says. "You plucked that image straight out of my brain, you tell me if I'm lying. You tell me if I'm scared of it." Still no change. "All right," Remus says. "You snatched up a random scary image from my brain, but you didn't stick around to learn what it was about. Let me tell you." Remus pauses. He really, truly, doesn't want to do this. But as a responsible teacher, he needs to know how far this Boggart will go. What it will do with an actual, ongoing fear. And how to handle it then. "When Sirius went to Azkaban for what he did," Remus starts again, "I moved heaven and hell to get a visitor's permit. I didn't want to see him, I just wanted to ask why . Why he destroyed the best thing that ever happened to any of us, and why he laughed doing it. I wanted to know what was so bloody funny ." Dead Snape is listening curiously. "It took two months to get the bloody permit," Remus says. "I swear, the easiest way to get into Azkaban is to murder someone. So many hoops to jump through if you just want to visit. Nearly failed the background check. They thought I'd try and break him out. I thought I might, if he