Hello! So, if any of you have watched what I upload, you've seen that this is not my first Hunger Games story, but this is my first big one. I do not own the Hunger Games. I do, however, own the arena idea and all the characters not directly mentioned in the Hunger Game series. Also, I apologize in advance if my story seems similar to any other HG fics in some way. It's unintentional. However, if you see any newer stories mirroring things in this story, or from things directly in this story, let me know. Warning: It's the Hunger Games. That means blood, death, violence, angst, prep teams, and craziness. **Revised July 2012** There's a tree in our front yard. About ten yards up there's a spot where two branches just out, close enough at their bases for me to sit on. This has always been my spot. "Dylan!" I come up here whenever I want to be alone. To think. It's peaceful. Things seem simpler up here, away from the thick of things below. Usually I don't even look down, focusing on the ocean visible through the leaves, pretending I'm somewhere remote. Free. "You have to get your salary today!" I scowl. I know, you've only mentioned it…five times in the last hour. But she's just anxious. She's always anxious on Reaping day. Even though most of the tributes are what those from some other districts referred to as Careers—ok, we call ourselves it, too, it has a nice ring to it—there were still times when someone was called and the designated volunteer doesn't step up to take their place for whatever reason. I think she's afraid that one of us will get called and no one will replace us. Today is the last time I will be entered into the reaping. My older brother, Luke, became safe the moment the male tribute was called last year. However, this is the first year both of my younger siblings will be entered into the reaping. Lana just turned twelve and is the most peaceful child around. It's kind of freaky, as she's training so hard to be in the Hunger Games. Evan is thirteen now. He's as fiery as me, but has a rather caring disposition. Neither of them though is fit for the hardships of the Hunger Games. I am. Looking at me, it's easy to tel. I am very skinny, not very big upstairs, but I've got muscles to show for years of work. I'm quick and nimble like a good range fighter. I've got more scars than I care to count and a hard look in my eyes almost all the time. Or so they tell me. Years of training hard can do that to a body. I sigh, shaking my head. Why am I thinking like this? None of us will be going. The tributes today were decided two years ago. "Dylan, if you don't get down here right now," She begins angrily, and I know it's time I get moving. "I'm coming, I'm coming." I tell her and jump down. "What were you doing up there?" She asks when I land. "Thinking," I tell her. "What else?" She sighs. "Just hurry up, please. I'll feel better when this is all over." Oh yeah? When this is all over, my life's work will be gone forever. But I don't say that. She hates the fact I've been dreaming to compete in the Hunger Games since I was small. I smile with just the right amount of sympathy in my voice, "I know, Mom. I'll be back soon." I give her a quick kiss on the cheek then race out of our yard and down the road before she can return any affection. Then I scowl down at the street. As far as districts go, ours is one of the better ones. We are one of the largest districts. I think only District 11 is larger than us. Maybe District 2. Maybe. But it's a toss up. There are ten small fishing towns throughout the district, the main city, the Victor's Village where the Hunger Games victors live, and a town away from the water where the training grounds are. The hospital is there, though each town has their own clinic. I live in the main city where the Justice Building resides and the well-to-do folk live. Starvation is very uncommon in this district. There are some poor areas, like Gull Cove and Dune, it's inevitable, and they sometimes go to bed hungry. We're kind of favored by the Capitol—not as much as they are in 2—but enough that it's not too bad everywhere, like here in Crest. In the event folks are short on money, there's no shortage of places to catch dinner. As long as you don't get caught breaking the law then you're good to go. If you get caught, well, at least the Mayor doesn't encourage whippings. It's hard to work around salt water when you've got open wounds. My father, brother, and I hold steady jobs so our family usually goes to bed with full stomachs. In Crest at least, the only those who've trained for the Hunger Games really know what real hunger is. The trainers would purposefully deny us water or food for certain amounts of time because, in the arena, many tributes die from lack of water and food. They conditioned us, trained us… I don't like to think about my training that often. It brings back too many memories I'm supposed to be forgetting. But I just can't bury them completely. In District 4, every boy and girl, at the age of ten, is required to submit themselves for training to be part of the Hunger Games. I've heard that it's stricter in the other two districts that train their tributes, but I'm not sure. It's one of those little fickle things I've always wanted to know. There are two separate groups. Those that are between ten and fourteen are in one and those who are fourteen to eighteen are in the other. Before the Preliminary, you are permitted to live at home as long as you commute to the training complex daily. Afterwards, if you're still in, you must live there. We call the program the Trials. All the previous victors and star students who never went to the Games are instructors. They teach each child skills they'll need in the arena. Unless, of course, you are simply horrible, in which case they send you packing with orders to never come back. More than a few kids do horribly on purpose for that very reason. Luke did, I didn't. At first, many of the instructors thought I would be one of the first to leave. I proved them wrong. I wasn't as strong or big as the others but I was faster and more agile. I could weave through the most complex contraptions and still hit the target or escape from my pursuer. I had good aim, too. So when I trained I always had a set of knives on my belt and a quiver of arrows and the bow on my back. Hand-to-hand combat and sword fighting were difficult for me thanks to my size. There was only one exception: a trident. I'd been using them and playing with them since I could walk and I was taught to fish out of a pond. All the training leads to our first real obstacle that I mentioned earlier: the Preliminary. The Preliminary is the first hurdle one must pass to even get a shot a competing in the Hunger Games. Occurring every one hundred and eighty days, it's a competition amon trainees to earn a spot in the higher training courses. You can enter up three times—twice when you're twelve, once when you're thirteen. You only have two shots in the Finals. They're more lax in the Preliminary simply because, when you're that young, you could still do with more training. In the Preliminary, the contestants are allowed to surrender if they know they cannot win the fight—that's mostly to ensure people don't refuse to train—however, if they don't surrender and end up dying then, well, it was their fault. If a contestant fails the Preliminary two times they're cast out from the training program and they go on to enter the industry or family business. Where would we be if half the future industry workers are killed off? The Preliminary is when a lot of people have to decide what they're going to do: try and continue or leave and go on with their lives. Everyone who enters into the Preliminary is put into a circular room designed especially for battle. Anyone in the district could come to watch us, though usually only trainers or friends and family come. The contestants start on metal cylinders an equal distance from a wooden imitation of the Cornucopia that's in the real Hunger Games. That's where all the weapons we will have access to are located just like in the Games, and contestants have to wait on their cylinders for sixty seconds until someone fires a shotgun. Then they get to run forward and grab a weapon and duke it out. The last three girls standing are the winners of the girl's division and same for the boys. If it's your third time and you're not one of those six then you're out. Out of the Preliminary and out of the Trials. I went in twice. The first time I was careless, overconfident. I didn't last long. The second time, I was thirteen, and I did much, much better. Instead of just fighting with the others I climbed on top of the cornucopia and shot my arrows and knives from there. I ended up dealing some serious blows to the others below me. During the next three years my training was stepped up to almost brutal levels. From after the mandatory dawn runs 'till dinner at night they had those of us in training for the Finals in the gym practicing, except for the small food breaks, which sometimes never came. Whenever we were injured we were sent to the infirmary, patched up, and allowed an hour or more to rest, depending on the injury, then we were right back to training. "You'll probably have many sponsors in the arena." Beril, one of the younger victors, told me and the others I trained with after Annie Cresta complained about not getting enough time to recover. "They'll be able to pay for medical supplies if you're seriously hurt. That's why we even let you rest at all. But you might not get help from your sponsors. You have to learn to tough it up!" "But what if we're seriously hurt because we can't rest longer?" Annie had argued. "Then you're not going to the Hunger Games." And that was that. During those few years between the Primary and the Finals, when I turned fifteen, is when I really hit puberty. I shot up from a measly 4'9 to 5'10 within months. I was always expected to be tall, I'd been such a gangly child, and even now I'm long-limbed and skinny, but thanks to my muscles, I'm not so stringy. I was perfectly lethal by the time I was sixteen and I had one hell of an ego. I could not only hit a small moving target, but I got a bulls-eye every time with both knives and arrows, and an awl during my brief stint with them. The mentors focused a lot on ranged combat with me, but there was no shortage of work on my strength training and large weapons. I struggled at first, but by the time the Finals came around, I could work with an axe, mace, and sword. I still preferred my ranged style, though, and the only two big weapons I felt comfortable with were a spear and trident. The heavy ones