Disclaimer: I don't own anything that J.K. Rowling owns. But I sure wish I did sometimes. Come on, Rowling, share the wealth! Author's Note: Well, ladies and gents, boys and girls, people of distant lands (and other planets who will be reading this in the past), here is the first chapter of the sequel to Can't Touch This, also known as, The Marauder's Guide: To All Things Good! I'm so happy that you have taken to reading or are just starting to read. This is the first in many chapters to come and we, that being myself and my good friend Amulet Girl 5 who will be writing Lyla's point of view as well as some of the Marauders, are so excited that you are joining us! Please, feel free to stay as long as you like and to leave a review and let us know how we're doing if you have the time. We are so thankful to those who read the first story and really happy for those of you who are sticking around to join us for this story as well. The names of the chapters, to those who may be confused, will also be the rules that are presented in the story and come directly from the Marauders themselves. So, without further ado, we present to you, chapter one! Xoxo, Prongslittleflower Alexa's Point of View " Rule 28: The subject of conversation shall be dropped when it is said to be dropped; otherwise the subject of the conversation has all rights to 'drop' the other subjects in the conversation." Letting out a breathy sigh, I glanced down at the boy underneath me. His eyes were still closed, his mouth slightly parted, and I felt my heart surge as I held still for a moment more. As his hands fell from my hips, I rolled gently away and fell to his side. Trying to remain completely still, I took deep breaths while my heart raced again. My whole body felt sensitive and my mind was reeling. The room was silent as we lay side by side in the bed. His heavy breathing had calmed slightly back to a normal pace after a few minutes, and finally my heartbeat had slowed to something that was considered to be normal a moment or two after his. Out of the corner of my eyes, I could see his hands run over his face, his eyes closing momentarily. Taking a deep breath, he opened his mouth to speak as I felt his hand move along the bed towards my own. Jumping up quickly and dragging the tangled bed sheet with me, I quickly pulled it over my naked body into some sort of towel-like structure as I began to search for my clothes. "Well, once again," I made some sort of motion with my hand in an awkward gesture of thanks (why I was thanking him for mind-blowing sex again? Even I didn't know that one) as I gathered my things off the bedroom floor in James' guest bedroom. Pulling the duvet up around his waist, Sirius sat up as I pulled my knickers on and then hastily pulled my jean shorts on. Turning around so I wouldn't have to see his penetrating eyes, I dropped the sheet from my chest as I shrugged my arms into my bra. Then I jumped slightly as his hands replaced my own as he pulled the clasps together for me. "Alexa, we need to talk about this." He said from behind me. Raking a hand through my longish brunette-again hair that had been messed up by what had just happened and pulling it into a ponytail, I turned to face him. Looking at his bare chest instead of his eyes, I shook my head. "It's just sex, Sirius, not rocket science. I thought that this, being you and all, wouldn't have to be complicated." I glanced up at him slightly to see him struggling for words and took that moment to look around the room. The bed was just an accusing object for what we had just done, the clothes scattered around the room his, and the blinds drawn shut from the outside world where I knew my friends would be arriving any minute for some of the first wedding preparations. Moving away from his presence, I picked up my shirt from the ground, pulled it right side out and slipped it on. Then I moved towards the mirror on the wardrobe and made sure I didn't look too flustered anymore. My hair was messy, no longer the straight style that it had been when I'd arrived this morning but no one would notice that if I just ran his brush through my hair quickly, which I then did after taking the high pony tail out and pulling it back to rest at the nape of my neck, and my cheeks were flushed as were my swollen lips, but those would die down soon. "Get dressed, Sirius, we have to go downstairs. Like we've already established, this didn't mean anything." I said while meeting his eyes for the first time through the mirror. No emotion crossed his eyes but the smirk on his face was false, just like my smile. I knew how much this meant, how much I wanted this to mean; we were only fooling ourselves for the moment. This had been happening for a while. It wasn't like I didn't want to be with Sirius; at that moment I probably would have given my right arm to be his girlfriend again, but I didn't want to get hurt either. It was the summer before our seventh year, we were both single, and we both wanted to have fun. So that's how it worked out. Instead of being together, we decided that friend with benefits was a much easier thing to go about doing. As I shut the door behind me and leaned against the hard wood, I sighed while wiping the sweat that was forming on my brow. James' house may have been the shit and really old and historical, but it was hot as hell during this unusually sweltering heat of the English summer. Collecting myself again, I skipped down the stairs and out the back door while smiling at my sister who was sitting on the porch with Mrs. Potter and my own mother. Mrs. Lupin was on her way over with Remus at any moment, and Blair and James were in the kitchen making snacks for everyone. After greeting my mother with a kiss and taking a seat next to Lyla around the large table that was set for lunch, I crossed my arms and waited while the parents discussed what flowers should be used if the florist was unable to get Lyla's first choice. Speaking of Lyla, her calculated gaze was focusing rather harshly on my right. Turning and giving my sister the most dazzling smile I could, my smile faltered when I saw her face. The smirking was getting old. "And where have you been, my little Maid of Honor?" She asked while resting her hands on her protruding stomach. The teal colored, empire-waist shirt she was wearing hid her baby-bump but also made her skin glow with the help of her tan and I couldn't help but think she was probably the prettiest pregnant woman I had ever seen. Then her question hit me, and I raced to come up with an excuse. "Oh, just in the bathroom and all." I said while giving her a slight smile and averting my eyes to where James and Blair were coming out to the back porch, James precariously holding a tray with one hand and tickling Blair with the other. When I looked back to Lyla, her face was growing ever more 'all knowing' by the second. "And it took you a half-hour in the bathroom, eh?" Her eyes began to twinkle as I struggled to come up with a response. I was saved from further questioning, however, when Sirius's booming laughter was heard from inside and he and Remus walked out onto the back porch carrying a photo album. Lyla's smile grew to the size and wattage of the sun as Remus locked eyes with her and walked over to kiss her cheek. They were so cute it was almost disgusting. "What do you have there, Pads?" James asked while Mrs. Potter took his tray and began to set out drinks and samples of the food that Remus and Lyla (mostly Lyla) had chosen for their dinner. Sirius's eyes looked like they were literally glittering in the afternoon sun and he tossed his hair from his eyes (doing weird things to my nervous system, that did) as he held the photo album high in the air. "This, my dear Prongs, is a yearly dating of our dear Remus. Shall we have a look and relive the awkward years of ickle Reems?" He asked teasingly. Blair clapped her hands together before joining Sirius at his spot by the table. The parents rolled their eyes and began to discuss wedding plans, which usually just consisted of them squealing for hours while not getting anything done, while Lyla and I piled our plates with food as Remus joined us instead of reliving his past. As we sat quietly at the other end of the table from the mothers, Remus made a face at one particularly grueling picture of himself. To ease the stress that the young couple usually felt while talking about the wedding, I took a large bite of some weird maroonish looking paste that had been slathered on my plate by Mrs. Potter, who was in charge of helping my mother locate caterers. Choking the chalky substance down, I did my best to smile at Remus and Lyla who were both watching for my reaction. "Well, I'm not going to lie to you all, that was awesome." At their raised eyebrows, which seemed to happen in sequence nowadays, I took a large drink of my water and scraped my teeth over my tongue. "Okay, so that was the most disgusting thing I've ever put in my mouth." "And we all know where that mouth has been, don't we Padfoot?" James asked as he plopped in the seat next to me and wiggled his eyebrows. Sending a sharp look at him, I turned quickly to make sure none of the adults had heard him. "If we weren't in blatant view of your mother, I'd kill you right here, James." I said in a pleasant voice and then turned back to my food. Lyla's laughter came from across me and I tried not to roll my eyes as she and Remus took turn sampling the food. "So, Lyls, Reems, any idea on the food that you plan on serving at this shindig?" "This 'shindig' is a wedding , Alex. Gosh, you act like they're just throwing some hoedown in the backyard or something," Blair whined and I leaned over some to see her sitting next to James at the large picnic table. Shrugging my shoulders, I felt heat on my person and covertly peered down at Sirius, who sat completely smooth next to Remus. The only tale-tale sign that he wasn't so nonchalant being his eyes locked on mine. The sound of a throat clearing almost had me jumping from my skin, but I let out a quiet relieved sigh when I saw that it was Mrs. Potter interrupting our chatting. "Blair is exactly right! This is a wedding. There's so much to do! Now, if you all would, let's turn to the lovely chart that James and Blair constructed yesterday, shall we?" Flourishing her wand, a piece of cardboard, emblazoned with pretty pastel colors came zooming out of the kitchen to hang in the air next to her. As she adjusted the glasses that hid her pretty brown eyes, just like her sons without the green flecks, she