Under Pressure Under Water Disclaimer: I have no rights to either the film "The Lord of the Rings" or the book. I do not profit from this story. Pairing: Faramir/Éowyn Rating: R Warning: none Beta: Valkyrien Summary: Éomer is reluctant to agree to Éowyn's marriage. Éowyn's plan to apply pressure on him gets Faramir into trouble with his king. III 3019, July 19, morning The war was over. Peace reigned both in Gondor and Rohan. The people of the White City had come together to rebuild their once glorious capital. Old and young, men and women, all who could lend a hand and be of use, worked together beneath the summer sun. The shadow of Mordor had passed and the people were in high spirits, for the day before, Éomer the horselord had come with his people. In a few days' time, they were to escort the body of Théoden King to Edoras to be buried there. Until then, the riders, too, made themselves useful. But while outside the people worked alongside each other peacefully, inside the citadel an angry voice was to be heard in the guest wing. It was a maiden who was so wroth, and a passer-by would have been aghast indeed to hear it stemmed from no other than the lady Éowyn of the Riddermark. Thankfully, while they would have recognized her tone, they would not have understood the words she threw into her brother's face, for she spoke the tongue of Eorl, and as the friendship between Gondor and Rohan had been in decline during the last steward's reign, few were fluent in this language. The future king of Rohan stood with crossed arms and furrowed brows before a window in a pathetic attempt at ignoring his sister. Rather would he have undertaken another trip to Mordor than be here with her. Unfortunately, the volcano, which before might have been capable of instilling greater fear than his sister on the warpath, was no more, and his window showed nothing but the Pelennor, the River Anduin, and Ithilien in the far distance. Just the sight of Ithilien caused a nauseous feeling in the pit of his stomach. Was it not the princedom of the man Éowyn had pledged herself to? The place where she was to dwell? While in sight of Minas Tirith, it was too far from Edoras. "Can you really imagine dwelling there?" he demanded of her with an unhappy expression and a vague gesture of his hand at the woods of Ithilien. "The forest seems so dense. No open spaces, no plains to ride on." "I'm sure there's enough space to take a horse through!" his sister responded sourly. "You did not listen to a word I said!" "Not really," he admitted, as he was a truthful man, but promptly regretted it when his sister punched him fiercely in the back of his shoulder. He grunted. Surely that had been her sword arm. Slowly, as not to give her the impression that he was retreating, he put some distance as well as some furniture between them. Behind his back, Éowyn shook the sting from her hand and scowled at her brother. "When will you cease tormenting Faramir – not to mention me! – and give your consent to our marriage! I have already given my word. I cannot believe you told him no!" "I didn't tell him no. I simply said I had to think about it," Éomer argued, finally turning to her. "What do you have to think about? Am I marrying him or you? And may I remind you that he asked you directly after you returned from the Black Gate and has therefore been waiting since the end of March for an answer? It's July!" "Of course it's you who would marry him. But you're my sister and such decisions require time for reflection. I am the future king of the Riddermark and as my sister you hold an important position in Edoras..." "Don't give me that horseshit!" Éowyn interrupted furiously, banging her balled fist onto a low table placed conveniently between them. Convenient for Éomer, that is, as it afforded him some protection from his enraged family member. Éomer stared at her with his best black look. Éowyn, however, would not be intimidated. The future king checked a sigh. "Is it so difficult for you to understand that I do not wish to lose you?" he asked, voice low as if afraid somebody might overhear his admission of feelings one could judge unmanly. "Our uncle is not yet buried and now you are to leave me, too? Am I to be left utterly alone in a devastated land to rule as I was never meant to?" Now the horseman could not repress another sigh. He turned away from Éowyn to escape, briefly as it was, her sharp gaze, and lowered himself into a chair. "I wish..." he broke off. Bema help him, he wished Théoden had not fallen, that Théodred had not been killed ... he wished for so many things in the aftermath of this terrible war and it shamed him for weakness did not become a future king. His sister laid her arms around him from behind, a compromise between comfort and the preservation of his pride, and Éowyn's head came down to rest atop his own locks. Gratefully he grasped the hands she had clasped in front of his chest. The horror he had felt on discovering her on the Fields of the Pelennor coursed through him anew and he shuddered. Éowyn tightened her arms. "If I had lost you…" he voiced his thought but once more halted. Wordlessly his sister kissed his hair. Éomer stood, breaking through the circle of the shieldmaiden's arms. Once more he walked towards the window, where he turned to look upon his sister. "I'm sorry, Éowyn. I am not ready. I cannot give Faramir the answer you want." And truly he did feel wretched but he would not change his mind. His sister's lips thinned and her eyebrows drew together in displeasure. She knew now the reason but would not accept it. However, she kept her counsel to herself, turned on her heel and left the room, slamming the door on her way out. Éomer winced. III 3019, July 19, afternoon The gardens of Gondor had unfortunately been badly neglected during the past few years leading up to the war. Once they had been the pride of Faramir's mother Finduilas, now they resembled more the wilds than the gardens on the highest level of Minas Tirith. But the prince of Ithilien was confident that the elven Queen Arwen would make them a place to be cherished once more. He did not worry about this place and was in fact glad to leave it. There were two people he would take with him to his new princedom: Beregond, who had saved his life in the Rath Dínen, and Éowyn, the shieldmaiden he had chosen as his wife the day the eagles had come proclaiming victory. And this last one, to whom he had lost his heart so easily, was denied to him by her brother, the future king of Rohan. Now she walked beside him through the overgrown paths of Finduilas' garden. But the thought that she would not walk the garden of Ithilien with him tore at his heart. She was silent this day, and Faramir suspected that she was thinking about their future, just as he was. Éowyn, he knew, had spoken to her brother that morning, but to what conclusion they had come she had not revealed. Faramir deduced that the outcome had not been favourable for them. Faramir did not know, though maybe he should have, that his lady was not willing to simply give in and wait for her brother to give his consent. In her mind she sought a way to pressure Éomer into action. And what ways were there? She cast a speculative eye on the man she considered her betrothed. Courageous he was, she had heard, honourable, too, this she knew. Yet honour would not help them in this matter, she deemed; courage was needed, and a boldness bordering on impudence. The prince's gaze rose to meet hers, and looking into his grey eyes she decided to risk it: "Faramir, do you wish me to be your wife?" she asked. "Éowyn, you know that I do. I would call you my White Lady as you would call me your lord. I owe you my return to life as much as I owe it to Lord Aragorn." There was great love in his eyes, and she returned his gaze with just as much feeling. She, too, owed her life to him. From their very first meeting she had been intrigued by this serene man, who had returned from war gravely injured and been deeply affected by the loss of both his brother and his father. And yet, despite all of this, he had shown an inner strength she admired and which had allowed her to find her own courage. Indeed, the White Lady of Rohan had fallen, as folk said, and fallen hard. Love was great, love gave strength, but love was also blind and could lead to deeds one could call mad. So it was for her, and now she had to see whether Faramir would risk the same as she for their love. "And how far are you willing to go for us to be wed?" Éowyn asked. Faramir frowned. "Has your brother set a test? Some proof of courage or love I must give to be judged worthy by him?" "No Faramir, no test," Éowyn admitted. "But my brother is reluctant to consent to our marriage and I do not wish to wait for as long as he would have me." She halted in her steps and forced Faramir to stop also. She clasped his hands in hers, looked around to see that they were alone and then once more met his eyes. "I plan to force him to give his consent. But for this, I will need your help. You may need to risk much, perhaps more than is wise, and I cannot even guarantee for our success." This, perhaps, was the time when the prince of Ithilien realized that the lady he had chosen was not only fair; she had also deceived her way into an Éored on its way to Gondor and fought the witch-king. He, too, scanned the gardens for witnesses, be they human, elves, dwarves or hobbits. They were truly alone. "What is your plan?" he asked. Éowyn leant in close to him and explained her idea in a low whisper. Faramir's heart sank until it seemed to have fled to the first level of the city. Certainly the king would banish him from Minas Tirith for this. Love had truly made him mad that he would even consider this. III 3019, July 19, evening His hands trembled. They were clutched around a bundle of towels he carried like a shield in front of him. His eyes frantically scanned the hallway for witnesses of his passing. He did not know if he should be thankful that there were none, or regret it. For if there had been someone, like Éomer for example, he would have had a perfect excuse not to creep into the baths like a thief in the night. The baths were generally a common area but at this time of night it would be easy to find an unoccupied spot, not to mention that there were smaller tubs in a separate room for those who did not wish for company (or only a limited amount of it). That was the room he was seeking out. He hesitated in laying down his burden. This was his last chance to retreat. He closed his eyes, and a picture of Éowyn came to him in his mind, a shieldmaiden with golden locks, wrapped in his mother's