Well, I didn't stay away very long (this place is an addiction, I swear). I'm going ahead and posting this, even though the alerts are still wonky. I'll just have to cross my fingers and hope for the best. Consider this a little interlude, an exploration of an utterly implausible relationship that I began to think about after a few of my readers commented that they'd really like to see a Sauron romance. I wasn't sure that was possible, but I definitely wanted to find out. One additional note: any Beauty and the Beast/Phantom of the Opera/Hades and Persephone references/parallels are purely intentional. ;-) One They found the body lying face down near the bank of a small stream. Lately the band of orcs had become braver, venturing further into the lower glades of the region Men called Ithilien. However, none of them had actually seen one...until now. "Don't smell right," declared Sarthang, wide nostrils wrinkling as he pushed at the inert form with one grubby bare toe. "Course not -- it's dead," Balthuk replied, circling around the taller orc and squinting at their unexpected discovery. If it hadn't been dead too long, it might make good eating. "Think I don't know what dead smells like? I don't smell dead here...but it don't smell like a Man." Balthuk let out a short, harsh laugh. "Like you've smelled a Man before. You've never even been in Man-country before." Sarthang gave his companion a sneer. "Lot you know. Captain sent me out with you just because he knew you wouldn't last an hour out here on your own. I seen plenty of Men, living and dead, and this one don't smell like any of 'em." The third member of their scouting party, a smaller gray-skinned tracker, made a disgusted noise as he knelt next to the body. "It's not a Man. It's a female." That comment made the other two abruptly abandon their argument and push their way over to the huddled figure they'd found. The tracker orc snarled at them but then beat a hasty retreat as he appeared to measure their mass against his. Balthuk reached out with a grimy black-nailed hand and grasped the body by its shoulder, then turned it over on its back. Sure enough, it was a female, face waxy and bloodless, gray eyes staring sightlessly up into the night sky. Her dark hair fell away from one cheek, exposing a delicate, pointed ear tip. Balthuk swore. "Bloody hell -- it's an Elf!" "What's it doing here?" Sarthang asked, backing away slightly. Even dead, the she-Elf seemed to trouble him. "How the hell would I know?" growled Balthuk. "None of these tree-bangers been seen in this part of the world for -- " He broke off, then shrugged. "It's not supposed to be here, no how." "But it is," Sarthang pointed out. Balthuk scowled at him. Master of the obvious, that was Sarthang. Meanwhile, the tracker orc -- Balthuk had never caught his name, not that it mattered with a snaga like that -- had crept back to the limp body of the dead Elf and had pressed his nose almost up to her immobile face. Balthuk couldn't see how the tracker could stand to have the stink of an Elf that close to his face, but he supposed the snaga spent most of his life inhaling unpleasant smells. "Found a girlfriend?" laughed Sarthang. "Gonna buy her perfume?" The tracker orc made a flapping motion with one of his hands. "Shut up, you." Both Balthuk and Sarthang bristled. Had that little piece of walking refuse just told them to shut up ? However, any recriminations that might have arisen from that spectacular piece of effrontery were effectively forestalled when the snaga added, "She's not dead." The two larger orcs both gave him a startled look, then glared down at the dead Elf. Well, the maybe not-dead Elf. "She looks dead," Balthuk said. Sarthang prodded her with his toe again. That action should have left some dirt on her pale-gray gown, but the Elvish fabric appeared to resist such besmirchment. The gown was damp, but not dripping; apparently she had lain on the riverbank here for some time. Her body shook slightly from the impact of Sarthang's foot, but otherwise she showed no reaction. "Feels dead, too," he said. The tracker orc shrugged. "Maybe, but my nose don't lie. She ain't dead. Breathing's odd...slow, like. And I can barely smell the blood moving in her veins, but it's flowing." "Then how can she be staring at us like that?" Balthuk demanded, and squatted down by the comatose Elf female. He waved a hand across the oddly glazed eyes, but she still looked up into the darkness without moving. "Don't know," said the snaga with a shrug. "Some Elvish trick, no doubt," Sarthang said. "I heard somewhere they go into trances or something...don't ever sleep or die." "Oh, they die, if you stick 'em," said Balthuk. "No doubt of that." Repressing a shudder, he reached out and passed his hand over the she-Elf's eyes once more, this time to close them. That odd, white-ringed stare had begun to give him the creeps. He worried that maybe her eyes wouldn't stay shut, that her lids would fly open again immediately, but his fears were allayed somewhat when he saw that for now at least they seemed disposed to stay closed. Her lashes made a pair of sooty lines against her pale skin. "So what now?" asked Sarthang. "Kill her? Leave her here?" Balthuk thought for a moment. It was tempting to just stick a knife in her and abandon her here to slowly bleed out -- not that it appeared she would even feel it. But they had their orders, and if word got out that they'd left what might have been an Elvish spy behind in Ithilien, there'd be hell to pay. "Nah," he said after a pause. "Orders are to report anything unusual. I'd say a half-dead Elvish female counts as unusual. Better take her back to the bosses." Let them figure out what to do with her , he thought. Although sympathy was a foreign emotion to him, he couldn't help feeling a rare flicker of pity as he stared down at the she-Elf's huddled body. He knew he sure as hell wouldn't want to be handed over to the Nazgûl lord who commanded Minas Morgul. But it was there she must go. And a slog that would be, carrying her back across the land they had just crossed, miles of fen and hill and stream. At least on this outing they hadn't run afoul of any Men. Balthuk hoped their luck would hold until they got back into safer territory. Still, no reason he should take the load on himself. "Pick her up," he instructed Sarthang, who made a snarling noise of disgust but did as he was told. He bent down and gathered up the she-Elf, slinging her over one shoulder like a sack of meal. The tracker orc watched this procedure with the faintest look of satisfaction on his lumpish features, as if he were glad that for once his small size actually benefited him. Certainly he wouldn't be asked to share in their burden. Sarthang straightened, giving Balthuk an evil glare. No doubt having the elf stink that close to his nose had put him off his humor. But he said nothing, and Balthuk grinned a little. "All right, boys," he growled. "Move out." It had been many, many years since the Lord of the Nazgûl felt surprised by anything, but he couldn't help experiencing a mild sense of astonishment as he looked down at the unconscious form of the Elf woman the orc captain had laid at his feet before he backed away hastily, looking as if he very much wanted to be elsewhere. Even Mordor's servants had a difficult time coming face to face with the lord of the Morgul Vale. The she-Elf had been found next to one of the innumerable streams that crisscrossed Ithilien and which branched off from the River Anduin, but that did nothing to explain how she had gotten there in the first place. Elves occasionally had been spotted this far south, but always the yellow-haired sylvan folk of Lorien and Mirkwood. This female, by her coloring, appeared to be one of the accursed Elves who dwelt far to the north in Imladris. He considered her immobile body, the facial features somehow closed in on themselves, but not slack the way a mortal woman's would have been in such an unconscious state. Of course she was beautiful -- he had never heard of an Elf who was not -- but such things had long since lost their power to move him. Although he had ascertained for himself that she in fact lived, she had not stirred since being brought here, nor had she apparently exhibited any signs of life during the rough journey from the northern marches of Ithilien to the Morgul Vale. Her ambiguous state, neither truly living or dead, had obviously disturbed the orcs who discovered her. The Lord of the Nazgûl, however, had a long acquaintance with existence in such a twilight world. Alone now in his private chambers within Minas Morgul, he knelt next to her, reaching out with an invisible hand to touch her forehead. Still she did not move, not even here, as she was examined by a being who most certainly have made her quail in terror had she been conscious. He knew that the Elves had a way of transporting themselves into a waking dream, but he also knew that this peculiar state did not preclude returning to the real world when an outside threat or other stimulus intruded. Perhaps -- for whatever reason -- she had retreated into so deep a shock that nothing in this world would ever reach her again. Of course she could not be considered a threat. But she was still an anomaly, and as such should be reported. He stood then, going to the palantír where it sat on a dais of black marble in the center of the room. Reaching out, he placed his hands on the cold, darkly gleaming orb, and waited. Sometimes the contact came immediately. On other occasions the Dark Lord preferred to keep his servant waiting. Notions such as impatience or annoyance had little to do with the Lord of the Nazgûl. He merely stood there in the dark tower, the she-Elf's gown an incongruous blur of light at the corner of his vision, until Sauron deigned to reply. Time passed. Then came the familiar deep voice in his thoughts. You summoned me? My lord, all is well here on the western borders of your kingdom, but a matter of some mystery has come up. A slight sense of irritation in the mental voice of the Dark Lord. What is it? An Elf, your Majesty . And what is so unusual about the existence of one of the cursed Eldar? Do they not still inhabit Middle Earth? The Nazgûl lord hesitated. He was as far beyond any fears of retaliation or punishment as he was beyond love or mercy, but the long years had taught him to treat his master with care, lest he invite unwanted scrutiny. Of course, my lord, but this one was found in Ithilien, far from any others of her kin. She lies as if dead, but her spirit has not yet left her body. I seek your counsel. A long pause, followed by a flicker of cool amusement. So you require my advice as to what you should do with one elleth ? Surely she is not too formidable a foe for you, my lord of Angmar. Of course not, my lord, but as with all things, I would request your permission before I dispose of her. Surely that would be the simplest thing, to simply plunge a blade into her