Because you asked for it. ;-) Actually, I was shocked by how many people begged for a sequel to Only Eyes to See , but I decided I couldn't leave everyone hanging like that! This is very marginally LOTR, since it takes places in this world, in the present day, but since our ol' buddy Sauron is still hanging around, I guess it still fits into that category. One: Face of a Stranger POSSESSION 1 a : the act of having or taking into control b : control or occupancy of property without regard to ownership c : OWNERSHIP d : control of the ball or puck; also : an instance of having such control (as in football) scored on their first two possessions 2 : something owned, occupied, or controlled : PROPERTY 3 a : domination by something (as an evil spirit, a passion, or an idea) b : a psychological state in which an individual's normal personality is replaced by another Do you know what terror is? Terror is looking at the face of a person you've known for more than half your life and seeing someone -- some thing -- else staring back at you. Terror is finding out that the struggle you thought was finally over had actually just begun. Worst of all, though, is realizing that -- for the moment, anyway -- there isn't a goddamn thing you can do about it. Exhausted beyond comprehension, beyond caring, I fell asleep last night after he was done with me. Sometimes sleep is the only refuge one has. I awoke this morning to a room in a house I knew almost as well as my own, and a face that should have been familiar but somehow wasn't. Oh, he looked just about the same -- it was my perception of what lay within that had been altered forever. Brown eyes met mine, and he gave me a slow, mocking smile, the sort of smile I'd never seen on my friend Mike's lips before. "Sleep well?" "How did you do it?" I asked, not bothering to answer his question. At least he hadn't bothered to remove the T-shirt I had put on before coming to bed last night. Knowing I was decently covered, I sat up and glared at him as he continued to lie there on his side, looking lazy and relaxed. "Do what?" "Get here! Get in there -- " and I pointed at his temple. "Caught in your slipstream," he replied. "In a choice between oblivion and this -- " He looked down at himself and frowned slightly; probably he was contrasting the difference between his previous godlike physique and Mike's somewhat underdeveloped torso. Mike had always been a skinny kid. " -- I chose this." As if from some hideous nightmare, I recalled feeling Sauron's brutal grasp on my wrist as we sank into the lava within Mount Doom. I thought in death I would be free of him -- but I hadn't died. Instead, I had come home. Unfortunately, I hadn't returned alone. And now the Dark Lord I thought I had finally vanquished had managed to take up lodging in the body of my best friend, a guy who would no more have lifted a hand against me than run over a box of kittens in the street. I wanted to cry. I wanted to return to the blackness of sleep, where I could forget that it was Mike's lips that had touched me last night, his body that entered mine, even if it were being controlled by someone else. Instead, I forced myself to stare back at him and asked, "Is he in there? Is he...gone?" "Not completely. I can feel him struggling against me, but he is weak." He sat up and met my gaze with a sort of horrible frankness. "And everything he knows, I know -- all his knowledge of this world is mine as well. I know what he thinks, what he feels, how he reacts. It will be easy enough to be him, I think." I listened in mounting horror. No wonder he had deceived me at first -- ever since I had returned to San Marino Sauron had been in Mike's body, speaking with his voice, using the words he would have used. And if he could fool me, who had known him since the sixth grade, then he would be able to fool just about anyone. "This is a strange world," he went on, his tone musing. "So full of machines, so filled with inventive ways to destroy one another. Saruman would have enjoyed it very much." "Yeah, I'm sure it's right up your alley, too," I retorted. "You misunderstand me." He sat up and pushed the covers back; unlike me, he was naked, and I quickly looked away. Even though I knew intellectually it wasn't really Mike here in bed with me, I still didn't want to see his unclothed body. Staring down at the blanket in my lap, I said, "I doubt that." He stood and retrieved the blousy white shirt he had worn the night before, from the hobbit-style costume I had made for Mike myself, then drew it on. "It was never about destruction. Why destroy a thing when you can control it instead?" To that I had no ready answer. I felt sick, but at the same time his words did explain a lot. I still couldn't begin to make sense of what had happened, of what he had done to me, but I had begun to understand that he used me the way he did because he knew that was what would hurt me the most. Murdering someone is so final, after all. If he'd killed me after he murdered Gorendil he would have lost the chance to humiliate me over and over again. I certainly hadn't fooled myself into thinking it was because he truly wanted me or had the slightest ounce of regard for me. And maybe it was also the novelty of simply being able to indulge in such a physical act after millennia in a distorted form that allowed no such diversions. "Outraged, horror-struck Sarah," he mocked, watching me with eyes that were no longer Mike's. "Filled with anger over the use of her friend. What would you say, Sarah, if I told you I had only given this friend of yours what he wanted all along?" That was too much. "You're lying," I said, the words forcing their way out from between clenched teeth. "Isn't that what Aragorn called you? The 'father of lies'?" "What many people call lies are often just inconvenient truths," he replied. "I suppose this is something you simply did not want to know. Perfect Sarah, unattainable Sarah, the one thing he wanted and was afraid to take for his own. Do not call it a lie, not when I have been in his mind and you have not." His dark eyes caught mine, cold and cruel, incongruous in the boyish face. "So moan and weep that I have taken free will from this 'Mike' of yours, but my control of his mind has given him something he would never have otherwise known." I wanted to scream at him to shut up. I wanted to retort that he had no idea what he was talking about, that he was telling me these horrible lies just to torture me further. But I couldn't. Somehow I knew that this time he was telling the truth. Why bother with falsehoods when the real story can hurt just as much? With Mike I knew I had always let myself see what I wanted to see. The truth was, although I might have been closer to him than to anyone else except maybe my parents, I'd never had any romantic feelings for him. And since I didn't feel that way about him, I made myself believe that he must feel the same way about me. Otherwise, the tension and the guilt would have been too much. And Mike, being the gentleman that he was, hadn't pressed the issue. No wonder he'd always made vague comments about there being "plenty of time for that later" when I gently teased him about not having a girlfriend. He could have, too -- despite his general geekiness when it came to Lord of the Rings or Star Wars or whatever particular fanboy diversion claimed his attention at the moment, and despite his overwhelming science brain, he was still cute in a sort of rumpled boyish way. I'd known several girls over the years who had been interested in him and who got rebuffed -- in the politest way, of course -- when they tried to make any advances. Well, at least now I knew why. "I suppose you think you're really clever," I said, wanting to direct the conversation away from these uncomfortable revelations. I pushed myself out of bed and went over to the chair where the gown I had worn the night before was still draped. "Escaping death, riding on my coattails back to this cozy world, getting a nice young body to inhabit. How long do you think you're really going to get away with this?" "As long as necessary. Tell me, Sarah -- if you tried to explain the truth of my presence here to anyone, who would believe you?" He'd put his finger on the heart of my dilemma. I knew if I tried to tell someone about what had happened to me, most likely they'd send me off for a nice rest somewhere so I could get pumped full of anti-psychotics. "I'll figure out some way to prove you aren't who you say you are," I replied, but the words sounded feeble even to me. "Indeed." His gaze moved to the folds of filmy silver-shot material I held in my arms. "What are you doing with that?" "I'm going home," I said. Suddenly I wanted nothing more than to get out of there. Let Sauron enjoy cleaning up the mess from the party -- if he were going to steal Mike's life, then he could deal with the less pleasant aspects of it as well. "Are you?" The words were soft, but I could hear the threat in them. I flung the dress down on the floor and glared across the room at him. At that moment I really didn't care what he did to me. "Yes, I am. I haven't seen my parents in months, and I'm getting tired of these mind games. I want my own house, and my own room with my own bed." Pausing, I took a breath. Before I said the words I hadn't realized how much I just wanted to be me again, Sarah Monaghan, the student who lived at home with her parents, not the girl locked in a battle of wills with the former Lord of Mordor...not even the woman mourning the death of her lover, the man who had cast aside centuries of servitude to Sauron in an attempt to restore freedom to Middle Earth. Of course my outburst did nothing to move the young man who watched me out of a stranger's eyes. "You are overwrought," he said coldly. "Oh, I'll give you 'overwrought'!" I burst out, then bent down and snatched up the heavy silver belt from where it had fallen to the floor and had gotten tangled in the fabric of my gown. Without even stopping to think what I was doing, I hurled the length of linked silver medallions at him. The belt connected against his shoulder and part of his upper chest with an audible smack . "Ouch!" he yelped, sounding almost like Mike in that instant of shocked surprise. "Hurt, didn't it?" I asked, glad that finally I had been able to get back even an ounce of the pain he'd inflicted on me. "News flash, Sauron dear -- you're in a mortal body now. You can