Please note: This story starts after the end of their sixth year, and as if re-writing their seventh year. Instead of hunting Voldemort, Harry, Ron and Hermione decide to finish their last year at Hogwarts. The story begins at Hogwarts. Scarlet Avens by hotfalse The sky burned red. Harry and Draco linked their hands together firmly before stepping outside. "Are you ready?" "Hell yeah." 36 weeks earlier In another life, Harry would have liked to be an ordinary wizard. Nothing too special – at least not special enough to get your entire school invaded by Death Eaters, who were ultimately holding them all captive until Voldemort decided to arrive. Nope, that was definitely too "special" for his liking. He used to love staring out of his bedroom window at night. He loved watching the Thestral's fly elegantly over the tree tops, or how the moon would shine streams of light onto the ripples of the lake. He used to listen to the faint hooting of the owls perched high in the tree-tops of the forbidden forest. But now as Harry stared gloomily out of his bedroom window, all he could see was the forbidden forest blazing under the magical fire the Carrow's had created - a fire which never went out, and was supposed to act as a barrier for anyone who tried to escape the grounds. He heard Hagrid's howl of pain as he called out for his forest friends; for the spiders, for the centaurs, and all the creatures he could never save. He watched his massive form desperately try to heave buckets of water onto the trees in a vain attempt to ease the fiery blaze. It was a futile attempt but one he desperately did all the same. He watched the Dementors that guarded the school grounds – not letting anybody in nor out. They cast giant, icy shadows over the school grounds, so dark that not even the moon light remained visible anymore. He felt himself give a small shiver. Yes Hogwarts was at war right now. And in more ways than one. Not only was the Second Wizarding War currently in full swing but the school houses were at war too. In one way or another, Gryffindor, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff had somehow teamed up. And who were they fighting? The Slytherin's and the Carrows. And it had become quite brutal, really. It was Slytherin and Gryffindor in particular who always seemed to be out to get each other, seizing any opportunity they had to seek revenge. Harry thought painfully back to the earlier events of the day. The Slytherins had launched yet another attack on the Gryffindor house. This time it involved setting fire to their dining table as they were eating dinner. Kids were screaming and yelling, running around trying to put themselves out before Hermione thankfully cast a great jet of water over them, distinguishing the flames. None of the teacher's dared to do anything about it as the Carrow's both whistled and laughed as if it were an entertaining show. It was a wonder nobody had died. The Slytherin's had teamed up with the Death Eaters and now their attacks had become more vicious and dangerous than ever before. But Gryffindor was brave and proud and would in no way back down. Yes, it had turned into a major rivalry, and whenever those two sides crossed people always ended up getting hurt. And somehow without Harry's actual consent, the Gryffindor's had inevitably picked him as their group leader. Harry had told them many times that they could do whatever they wanted and that they didn't need to consult him every time they wanted to launch another attack. But they were always looking up to him, always looking to him for advice, and always asking him about "his" next plan of attack as if this were all his idea. The thought made him ball up his fists angrily. As if he had wanted any of this! The Gryffindors were constantly on edge, always jumpy because they never knew when the other side would attack. The Slytherins of course used this nervousness to their advantage – always taunting, always finding the opportunity to scare especially the younger Gryffindors. And Harry wanted nothing to do with it. He thought back to earlier that day when he had overheard an excited group of Gryffindors whispering eagerly with each other about their next plan of attack on the Slytherins. He remembered how determined the look on their faces had been. And he knew he couldn't stop them. This was their only way of fighting back against the war, even if the impact in the grand scheme of things was only small. Harry yawned and rubbed his eyes sleepily, trying to push the thoughts out of his mind. And like he had done for almost every night this year, he fell asleep leaning against the cool glass of his bedroom window. Harry made his way wearily through his common room, his joints and back aching and stiff from the night before. Lying against the cold window was always uncomfortable but he hadn't been able to sleep in his own bed for a long time. In fact he couldn't even remember the last time he had slept in a proper bed. For a while at the beginning of the year he had tried to, but whenever he would lie down he found himself being unable to push away unwanted thoughts which occupied his head daily. Thoughts of Voldemort, thoughts of Death Eaters, thoughts of Sirius, thoughts of Cedric, of Dumbledore. And he would stare up at the blank ceiling for hours on end, wide awake and unable to close his eyes properly – silently begging for some kind of a distraction. So as a result, looking through his bedroom window at night became his new pastime to distract him from the thoughts that would nag relentlessly at the back of his mind. Hermione greeted him from across the common room with a cheery wave. She always seemed wide awake, determined and sure of herself. Harry wondered how she did it. He waved feebly back as Ron joined his side with almost an equally morning-drained face. "Rough night, Harry?" Ron asked. "Yeah, you could say that," he replied. He did however feel slightly more cheerful, knowing his friend cared. Across the room Seamus called out to him, "Don't forget about our plan today, Harry! This one's gonna be good. " Harry nodded back in response, as if to assure Seamus he knew what he was talking about. Actually he didn't, he just couldn't be bothered to join in their plans all of the time. "Yep!" Ron called back, covering Harry's lack of response. "We are going to kick some arse !" The Gryffindors tended to leave the common room together as a pack these days – it was simply safer that way. Especially for the kids in the younger years, who simply didn't stand chance if a seventh year Slytherin decided to attack. Harry routinely waited for the rest of the Gryffindors to catch up before clambering his way out of the portrait hole. He looked left and right, scanning the area. His eyes were still groggy with sleep but the hallway looked pretty empty anyway. "The coast is clear," he called back lazily and led the pack out of the common room. Harry and his fellow Gryffindors made it to about twenty meters down the hall before it happened. The Slytherins sprung down from the ceiling and were firing stinging jinxes in every direction in great flashes of white light. Among them was Draco Malfoy, who cruelly fired jinx after jinx aimed directly at people's faces. The hallway was now filled with shrieks and yells of terror, as people began flying backwards through the hallway and crumpling to the floor, rendering them completely defenceless. A stinging jinx hit Harry squarely on the nose and violently blasted him backwards into the air and he landed a few meters back on the cold hard tiles. Out of the corner he could see Draco Malfoy laughing mercilessly, his wand still pointed at Harry. Harry looked away and grimaced. As he lay on the cold hard floor his face began to swell and burn red from the looked sideways again and saw some people frantically trying to block the heavy stream of curses, while the younger years turned around and ran frantically back to the safety of the Common Room. Most of them however, were hit with stinging jinxes before they could make it back to safety and they too, collapsed to the floor. Harry quickly tried to sit up, his body however searing in immense pain. Fucking shit . So they had all been hiding from us, waiting to pounce. What else do you expect from snakes? He knew he had definitely let the Gryffindors down this time. He was supposed to have made sure the coast was clear before leading them out. He had let them out into this mess. It his fault. Hot tears sprang to the corners of his eyes out of anger. Anger at their attackers, and at himself. Distracted by self-pity, the stinging jinxes continued to fly repeatedly at his fellow Gryffindors before another landed on Harry's side. He reared up in pain again as the curse stung deep into his flesh. It began swelling up profusely, the same continuing for his face. To his left he heard Ron yelp out in pain as one hit him in the face as well. Neville lay curled up in a corner and was stung so badly he looked like a large, red swelling mass rather than a human. The Slytherins screeched with laughter, enjoying their game. They fired some final shots before turning around and sprinting off together as a pack, howling and whistling at their victory. Harry looked around him. Everyone lay collapsed on the floor, moaning as they clutched painfully at their wounds. Bodies lay covered with red scorch marks and large swellings and their faces contorted in all kinds of horrid ways. Ron looked up at him disturbed, his face so puffy his eyes had turned into slits. "Fucking pricks," Ron muttered, gritting his teeth as he tried to hide his pain. Harry said nothing, wanting to hide his head in shame. The coast is clear, he had said. The coast was fucking clear, was it?! He wasn't sure what hurt more. The guilt he felt for letting everyone down or the intense pain swirling around in his head. "I'm such an idiot!" he growled, slamming his fist into ground angrily. Yet another regret in his life. "Harry stop, of course we don't blame you," Luna called out kindly. Why insinuate the blame could be on me, then? It was you, a little voice in his head told him. Luna was lifting herself up off the ground, her face too, barely recognisable. "None of us saw them coming. There was nothing you could have done." Then she walked calmly over to where Neville lay huddled and burring his face in his knees, and bent down to comfort him. Harry heard people's groans and grunts as they hurriedly lifted themselves up off the floor, offering a hand to anyone who needed help. Harry quickly ran over to Hermione who had been stung even worse than Ron, her face so squashed up it was a wonder if she could still even breathe. He held out a shaky hand and pulled her up off the floor. "Thanks Harry," Hermione managed to mumble through her swollen mouth, wincing as she did so. "We'll get them back. We'll definitely make them pay," he heard Ron say behind him, through gritted teeth. "Definitely… pay them back." Harry winced. This was not going to be pretty. And guess what the first lesson of the day was? Double Potions. With the Slytherins. (Oh, it was just too good. Not.) The Gryffindors were still