Loyal to a fault. Hey bet you didn't expect this! I am still working on Unbound, do not fear! But this plot bunny was too strong. As you most likely know this is a PJO/HoO fanfic. It will be 100% percabeth, with Soulbonding. Percy p.o.v. The Argo II sailed calmly across the Mediterranean sea, I was happy to be back on the ocean, 'And out of Tartarus,' I thought. Everything seemed like a dream, and any minute I would wake up with Annabeth in Tartarus. 'Stop thinking like that Percy Jackson!' I berated myself. Yesterday Reyna, Nico, and Hedge left. The rest of the crew were all on the deck talking, or reading. I caught Annabeth's eye, she gave me a smile, but it didn't quite reach her eyes. I was almost certain she'd been thinking the same things as I. Then I caught a whiff of a smell I had not smelled in ages, 'Moonlace.' I looked over the sides for Ogygia, but with my nautical senses I could tell were not near land, not even phantom islands. I walked all over the ship until I caught it. Leo, was the source, now that I thought about it Leo had been acting strangely. "Leo, why do you smell like Moonlace?" I asked him not loud but also not a whisper, my voice rough. "Moonlace? What's Moonlace? I don't know Moonlace!" I glared at him, using the tools Lupa had taught me. "Fine, I visited Ogygia! With Calypso, you broke her heart, she talked about you often." "But that makes no sense! The gods swore on the river Styx! They promised to let her go," I argued weakly, it made sense now, the curse on Annabeth in Tartarus. Leo shook his head, "No man, she's still stuck on that island." Blood rushed in my ears. Annabeth p.o.v. The Argo II stopped suddenly, not like a boat, like someone had hit the breaks. I was tossed across the deck, I looked for Percy, what I saw chilled me. Everyone on board was toppled, except Percy. He was standing in the middle fists clenched, the sea around us was holding the ship back. I knew little of powers but I knew that this would take an enormous amount of energy. Percy' s eyes were shut tightly, at first I thought he was possessed, then his eyes snapped open. "YOU PROMISED!" He roared at the sky. His eyes made me shutter, they looked like Greek fire, green and full of rage. They were so different to the eyes of my Seaweed Brain, not at all gentle or humourous. "Seaweed Brain?" I asked. Then I felt all the water in my body being drawn out. I heard the others gasp, and Jason tried to get up but we were already at advanced dehydration. "PERCY STOP, YOU'LL KILL US!" I screamed, my mouth dry. His gaze changed from fearsome to fearful. They looked like the eyes of Percy Jackson when he was claimed. Confused and scared. "No..." he croaked, the ship surged forward and all the water at a puddle at our feet was reabsorbed. Then he jumped of the side of the ship. All of us stared at where are life giving fluids once sat. "What in Hades was that?" Jason asked, looked genuinely scared. "No! No! No!" I screamed. Everyone looked at me, "No, I told him, I told him..." then I exploded into tears. "Annabeth? What's wrong?" Piper asked, her voice soothing and calm. She spoke as if Percy had not just almost killed us. "I told him in Tartarus to never do that again, but -" "Wait, wait, Percy has done, that, before?" Frank asked. I told them about Akhlys Goddess of Misery, and how Percy had almost drowned her in her own tears and poison. "It really freaked me out, I told him some things aren't ment to be controlled." "Well someone has to go talk to him,"Jason said, "Well how are we gonna do that? He is literally on the bottom of the ocean!" Hazel said, a little hysterical. "I'll do it, I'll just turn into a fish or something," said Frank. "No, I have to do it. If Nico were here I'd get him to do it," They all stared at me like 'Why?', "Nico, because he went to Tartarus and he has strange powers that no one quite understands," I answered the unspoken question. I tried to get up but the world spun, everyone else seemed to be having the same problem. Piper reached into a small pack at her hip and broke off some Ambrosia for everybody. "How are you going to get to the bottom of the sea?" Jason asked, "I still trust Percy." Was my only answer. With that I dropped my new Drakon bone sword into the water, waited about 5 seconds, during which everyone looked at me like I was insane, then I jumped. Percy p.o.v. What had I done? I had almost killed my friends doing something my Wise Girl had told me not to do. I was lower than scum I was the ooze stuck to someone's shoe. I know I couldn't live with myself knowing that I could've killed her. I cried, normally I don't care if I cry or not, but now I felt as if I didn't deserve to cry. Then I felt a disturbance, Annabeth' s sword plopped in the water, 'What?' I thought. I shot over there in time to see Wise Girl jump off the ship, I willed the water to be soft not hard, as to not hurt her. The water grabbed her and she came down next to me already in a protective bubble. I was getting way better at willing water to do my bidding. I found her sword and brought it up, the second I touched it the sword went completely dry. I pushed it into her bubble. She snatched my hand quicker than anything I've seen. She looked terrible, she was shaking softly and her skin was sallow as if I hadn't properly rehydrated her. I forced some water through the bubble, as it passed the barrier it lost all imperfections and salt, becoming drinking water. She stared at the small sphere of water then at me, "Drink," I told her, sure she couldn't hear me, but she read my lips and with her empty hand she cupped it and drank. She looked better almost immediately. "Talk to me," I read her lips. "I'm so, so, sorry," I mouthed back. "Get your barnacle encrusted butt in here, right now!" She mouthed angrily, I wasn't sure I was ready. Then she gave me a death glare. I positioned the bubble under the Argo II, so that I could easily keep us moving with the ship. I looked up and saw the stables, then I entered the bubble. She grabbed me and held on tight, sobbing into my shirt. "I don't know...what that was. Gods! I'm a failure, supposed to be a leader, instead I try to kill my quest mates, Oh gods Annabeth I don't know what I'd do if..." I let it hang. "Seaweed Brain, I don't know what that was, but it's okay now," she said eyes a washed out gray. "No! It's not okay! Three more seconds Annabeth! Three more, then you would all look like the old Oracle, I could've killed you!" Then I started sobbing into her shirt. "Shh, it's okay, really. We are all okay." Frank p.o.v. We were all in the mess hall, "So, that was, yeah," Leo said. "Percy is far more powerful than any of us thought. Honestly I'm scared, I've never heard of powers like that in any myth, Greek or Roman," Jason said. 'Jason scared! That's not good!' I thought. "What do we do? What can we do? You all saw the look on his face when he figured out what he had done, he looked devastated. I thought he killed Annabeth, that was how broken he looked," Piper added. "Frank? Can you go check on them? I'd just go down to the stables." Said Hazel tiredly, "Uh, sure, I'll report with what I find." Honestly I was happy to get out of there. As I made my way to the stables I kept thinking about the Percy I knew. He was strong but caring, gentle but headstrong, he would do any thing for the people he loved. I wondered what had made him so angry. I'd have to ask Leo. I got to the stable treading carefully, I sat down and changed to a mouse. What I saw made my mousey eyes bug out of my head. There was a bubble in the ocean, floating under me. I saw Annabeth sitting in it pulling a distraught Percy in. She burried her head into his shoulder, they exchanged words then Percy started to sob deeply on Annabeth, then she put her head back on his shoulder, patting his back. They sat there for a while taking strength from one another. I left feeling intrusive. I was asked to check on them 2 more times. The next I found them kissing so hard coach Hedge would've exploded. The last I saw possibly the strangest sight ever. Percy was braiding Annabeth' s hair like a pro, and Annabeth was cutting Percy' s hair with her sword. I came back up to the mess hall with 3 different answers. First, "I just think I saw cutest/saddest thing ever," Piper raised an eyebrow, "Percy and Annabeth were down there in a bubble crying on each other," I said. Second, "They were down there making out so hard It would've made Venus blush," that caused her daughter to blush. Final, "They are playing stylist down there," and I explained what I saw, "Oh gods on Olympus that awesome!" cried Leo. "Anyway, Leo, I have a question. What did you say to Percy that made him go all Blood bender on us?" Everyone else looked at him expectantly, "Remember Annabeth' s story about how Percy shot out of a volcano?" We all nodded, "Well I know where he went..." He went of on a story about an island and a titan child, Calypso. He told us the gods would send her hero's to fall in love with, the catch? Her type was a Percy type, sweet and strong, but too noble to leave their friends behind. Then Leo crash landed and got away because she fell for him. "I guess I still smell like her garden, because Percy came and asked me about it, when I said she was still stuck on the island he lost it." He finished looking sad and tired. Annabeth p.o.v. After Percy and I stoped crying I asked what set him off, "Annabeth do you know what my fatal flaw is?" He asked, I racked my brain and all I knew was that it wasn't hubris. "No, I don't," I said. "Loyalty, is my fatal flaw," he said "Your mother told me." He sounded like the time he told me where his Achilles Mark was. "Loyalty is good!" I protested, "Athena told me the worst flaws are the ones that are the best in small measures," he said softly, "Think about it any time I made us go on a quest it was because I had some one I loved taken away from me. First my Mom, then Grover, and you, always you. She said I would sacrifice the world for a friend. "I'm telling you this because I want you understand my actions. On Mount St Helens I flew to Ogygia." He looked at me curiously. "Ogygia? With Calypso!?" I asked. "Yes, she fell In love with me, and told me her story," the whole time Percy faced away from me. All the sudden I was really happy, Percy was here with me, not with a beautiful goddess on a luscious island, I told myself that thinking like this