The chill draws Draco from disjointed dreams. He grumbles and rolls over, reaching for the solid warmth beside him, but his sleep-clumsy fingers slide over cool sheets instead. Draco cracks an eyelid, forehead creasing at the empty other half of his bed. It takes a second to understand he is alone, and then his heart stills in his chest as that is followed by a realization that he has not only become used to sharing his bed with Harry's untidy sprawl, but to expect it. He has just reached for Harry whilst half-asleep and still feels the sharp twinge of disappointment that he has left. Draco burrows deeper beneath the blankets, away from the winter air, but gooseflesh still ripples down his bare arms. Since that first time he showed up in the middle of the night, Harry has stayed over many times, though he makes a point not to be regular about it. And Draco pretends not to notice the extra toothbrush in the bathroom, or the tin of Harry's favorite tea in his kitchen cupboard, pretends those things don't send a shock that's half fear and half joy through him every time he catches sight of them. But this, this ache at waking to an empty bed, this is new. And terrifying. He swallows, his throat dry, and stares into the early morning darkness. Outside his window, the sky has just begun to brighten and the air in the room is grey with gloom. Draco can just make out the snow-covered roof of the building across the street. "It's fine," he whispers into the pillow, his voice hushed and thready. He rubs a hand over his eyes, wishing he could rub away his unease as easily. The truth is, Draco still has no idea what he and Harry are doing. Since the first, he's been acting on instinct, hurtling forward without stopping to think. Draco doesn't want to think about what any of this means. And while they now do more than just tear at each other's clothes and come together in a mindless, wordless heat, they still don't talk about it. This. What they are. Across the way, the neighbors' Christmas lights blink on and off. Draco squeezes his eyes shut. Of course Harry left early. It's Christmas bloody Eve. He's no doubt got plans, wassailing with the Weasels and Granger or something. Draco's due for dinner at his mother's place in France this evening himself. There's absolutely no reason to be crestfallen at not getting to say goodbye. It's not as if Draco is one for soppy seasonal sentiment anyhow. And yet, at the sound of a soft step downstairs, his heart leaps. The floorboards are cold beneath his bare feet as he climbs from the heated cocoon of the bed, but Draco pads to the stairs regardless. He pauses only to pull on his robe over his nakedness. The risers don't creak under him, but the sight that greets him at the bottom stills him. Unbidden, a smile curls the corner of Draco's mouth. Harry rummages through the cupboard for tea with one hand and scrubs the other through his messy locks. He wears nothing but a pair of royal blue boxer briefs, the cotton clinging to the curves of his tight arse, which sways in time with the Celestina Warbeck song he's humming under his breath. Seeing him like this, he is a far cry from the gangly boy in spectacles Draco met in Madam Malkin's. His bare shoulders are broad and the smooth, tan skin of his back stretches over thick muscle. The tips of Draco's fingers tingle in remembered sensation. He rubs them against his lips, the hum starting in his blood. The kettle burbles in the quiet. "Do you want tea?" Harry's voice is sleep-rough and skitters along Draco's wakening nerves. Draco strolls over and dips a finger into the elastic of Harry's waistband. Harry turns but Draco keeps hold. The soft hair on Harry's taut abdomen brushes his knuckle. Draco takes a deep breath of his musky scent. What had Harry asked? Tea? "Yes." Amusement twinkles in Harry's emerald irises. Draco lifts a brow, but can't refrain from petting that tantalizing trail of hair with a fingertip. His own mirth is muted by the early hour and his growing arousal. Especially when he sees the soft bulge of Harry's cock twitch. Harry curls his hands around Draco's upper arms. They're covered in calluses that have grown thicker with the recent renovations he's begun on Grimmauld Place. Draco presses in closer, sliding a leg between Harry's thighs. "I thought you left." He's not sure why he says it. Once the words are out, he bites his lip. They sound small and needy. He wants to snatch them back. But Harry loops his arms around Draco's neck, his smile loose and crooked. "I don't have anywhere to be until noon." Warm breath puffs against Draco's cheek as Harry rubs his nose along Draco's. The kettle whistles and he expects Harry to release him—needs that, maybe, because his breath is tangled in his lungs and his heart thumps his ribs like a rogue bludger—but Harry flicks his fingers and murmurs something to make the kettle stop shrieking. The graze of his lips against Draco's jaw is so soft, so tender. Draco's heart lurches, clogging his throat. He pulls away, tightening his robe tie with a jerk. The thin silk doesn't do much to shield his stiffening prick, but he feels slightly better anyway. Harry's cheeks bloom pink. He tilts his head, his gaze sliding to the counter, where the spoons merrily stir their tea. He rubs a hand across the sprinkle of dark hair on his chest, opens his mouth, closes it again. His gaze finally settles on the small, round cafe dining table to Draco's right. He nods at it, cheeks darkening to red. "I got you something." The parcel is large and wrapped in silver paper. Draco blinks, wondering fleetingly where it came from. He personally stripped every bit of clothing off Harry when he'd stumbled from the fireplace the night before. Draco's hands tremble as he lifts it. It's heavy and squarish. He presses his fingers against the cool, slick paper, feeling the slight give of cloth beneath. His eyes drift from the simply wrapped gift up to Harry, then back down. "I…" Harry rolls his eyes. "Just open it, Malfoy." The edge of exasperation in Harry's tone is refreshingly familiar. Draco's heartbeat slows down a little as he picks at the tape holding the silver paper closed. He can feel a crease form between his brows when he pulls it open, revealing what appears to be dark, folded leather. It's old, worn and soft and heavy. Draco strokes it for a moment, enjoying the supple suede, before realizing there is something inside. A book, from the feel of it. When he looks up at Harry, the other man is still smiling, though the curve of his lips is more subtle now as he sips his tea and watches Draco unwrap his present. Draco feels the blood creep up his neck to his face and bends back to the book. A gasp bursts from him as he takes in the title on the carefully preserved tome resting in his hands. Musings on the Medical & Magical Properties of Many Plants , he reads, stamped in gold foil letters on a cover of purple cloth. The author's name is on the flyleaf—Griselda Root. The volume is exceedingly rare. There are only three still in existence. One resides in the restricted section of the library at Hogwarts. Another is owned by a private collector in America. The third was the beloved heirloom of a former Minister for Magic who was the last of her family line. She left it in trust to future Ministers. Draco knows this because he has to request special dispensation every time he wishes to access it at the Ministry. Draco touches shaking fingers to the thick pages, surprised at the creamy white of the paper. The copy held under lock and key at the Ministry is faded and stained. "Where… how…?" There weren't even rumors of another copy anywhere, let alone one in such pristine condition. It must be worth millions. Tens of millions. Easily. Draco swallows. His face is numb with surprise. "Harry…" He tries to find the words to say he can't accept this gift, though he wants to clutch it to his chest and never let go. Harry ducks his head and shrugs. "Er, it's sort of yours anyway. I'm just returning it." "I don't understand." Draco flips gently through several pages of the book, entranced by the fine, elaborate sketches of leaves and flowers. Harry takes a sip of tea. Draco doesn't miss the way his hands tremble a bit too. It should make him feel better, but it only makes his stomach flip. Harry runs a finger along the rim of his cup. "Found it in a trunk full of things in the attic. It sounded familiar, so I asked Hermione about it." For a second, Draco feels a sharp spear of fear. And an increasingly common bolt of… something else he doesn't want to consider too closely. It's been months, but they rarely acknowledge the outside world. The friends they are keeping each other secret from. Harry talks on, oblivious to the churning emotions inside Draco. "She said Griselda Root was a relative of your mum's from way back. So I thought you might like it." Griselda was a many times great-aunt who married into the Black family. She died long before his mother was ever born, her only claim to fame the book in his hands—which is only revered among potion masters and herbalists. There is a thread of vulnerability in Harry's voice and it makes Draco smile. He lays the book on the table—carefully!—and refolds the leather. He can't help but spread his fingers over the covering. "I like it very much. Thank you." Harry's blush intensifies, but his grin is wide. "I'm glad." He lifts the cup to his lips again, but Draco reaches out and takes it from him. He sets it aside, curling his fingers in a wordless Accio . The small, wrapped box zooms into his palm, gold bow bobbing slightly. When he extends it toward Harry, Harry's eyes go comically wide. "I got you something as well," Draco says, trying not to give away how hard his heart is pounding, or the nerves that sizzle beneath his skin. He is still unwilling to admit the impulse that had him marking down the spell when he came across it in the Archives, but he knew as soon as he completed the thing who he meant it for. He busies himself with his own tea now as Harry tears at the paper to reveal the plain black box within. Draco places the tin of tea back in the cupboard, watching from the corner of his eye as Harry lifts out the thin leather cord. The small golden charm dangling from it catches the faint light in the room and gleams. When Harry runs a broad thumb over it, its tiny wings flutter to life. He gives a soft, surprised chuckle, one corner of his mouth twitching upward, his eyes intent. Despite his obvious, lingering sleep-befuddlement, the look of concentration is one Draco remembers well from the Quidditch pitch. Draco's earlier desire returns, heating his blood, burning away some of the awkwardness. "It's a portkey. Of a sort." Harry's gaze jumps to his, brow furrowing. Draco reaches out, takes the thing from Harry and slips the leather over his head. It drops around his neck, the miniature snitch bouncing against his breastbone. "In an emergency, all you need to do is say the word, and it will whisk you away from danger." He says it brusquely, his eyes on the little charm instead of Harry's face. Heat