"Seriously, Cato. Do you ever stop talking about training?" I laughed, poking him in the ribs. He scoffed indignantly at me. "Well, up until about eight months ago, I didn't have much else to talk about, did I? It's what I'm used to." I smiled a bittersweet smile, knowing that this was true. Up until Cato and I had started hanging out, by freak accident, he had no life outside of training at the Academy. I had beaten him in one of the sparring tests, which had driven him to the point of insanity. I was the only girl to ever beat him, in anything. It was pure luck, really. A sneeze. That's it. A bit of my hair had tickled up against his nose as he had me in a choke hold, causing him to sneeze and release me. I had taken his momentary lapse to turn and knee him in the groin as hard as possible, causing him to fall to the ground. I grabbed up the sword that had been laying beside us and pressed it to his windpipe. The trainer called game and Cato was pissed. He had stormed after me as I was on my way to the showers and cornered me in an empty weapons closet. I had been worried, perhaps he hadn't chosen this room by accident. But in the end, he was broken down. It was rare that a guy beat him, but for him to be beaten by a girl was unheard of. It had completely rocked his world. What had started out as me cowering in the corner, waiting for the blow that never came, ended up with him crouched back on his haunches and me kneeling by his side, rubbing his sweaty back and reassuring him that it was simply an unfair turn of events. That he should have won, if it weren't for the sneeze. I knew that this wouldn't work completely. If it had been the real Hunger Games, he would have been dead. No time for "Yeah, it was unlucky"s. From then on, he changed. Fell a bit off of his high horse, realizing that sometimes, shit happens. He was still cocky and arrogant, but he was a bit more manageable. We started talking more often, me liking the feeling that I had gotten when he finally got his shit together, him liking the sense of stability and reason that I had brought to him in his time of need. He also liked the fact that I didn't go blabbing to everyone about how he had broken down because he got beat by a girl. That would tarnish his reputation even more than it already had been. It hadn't taken us very long to decide that we needed to be together. I need the excitement that he brought and he needed the stability and level headed-ness that I brought. Our relationship was one that not many understood. We had our good days, but then we had our days where we just pissed each other off. Objects were destroyed, words were shouted, punches were thrown, then when all of our frustration was out it was just us. Laying side by side, sometimes laughing and sometimes just laying, holding each other. Most people didn't see it, but we really loved each other. That's why we stuck around. Our fights were never about anything major, usually someone just said something that rubbed the other the wrong way. Or Cato's jealous side came out over a look from another guy that lasted a bit too long for his liking. But we were happy. After eight months, we had fallen into a routine. Every morning he would show up at my house, only about four down from his. He would wake me up, sometimes having to use a bit of force because I'm a stubborn lazy bum who enjoys her sleep. Then he, myself, and my twin sister, Clove, would go off to the Academy to train. Clove was the fighter of the family, skilled with knives and a lethal mind set. Most got the wrong impression of her, that she's just a merciless killer, but she's so much more than that. She's a quarry workers daughter who wants nothing more than to bring glory and stability to the family. She's not a merciless killer, just a determined eighteen year old girl. I was only at the Academy because it was better than the option of taking cooking and child care classes at the Trade school. We would go back to our house for lunch then back to training until 2. After we were released, Clove would go off and do her own thing and Cato and I would to the trail leading to the lake in the valley between two small mountains. It was about a twenty minute hike to the lake where Cato and I would spend as much time as possible just doing whatever struck our fancy. Talking, swimming, exploring the land, exploring each others body, sometimes we would start off kissing and it would turn into a wrestling match. More often then not, it was the other way around. Our lake was our little sanctuary from the blandness of District 2. Most think that because we're a Capitol favorite we get special treatment. Sure, we have nice enough houses and none go hungry, but life isn't satisfying It's never nice knowing that you only have three options for your future; Go to the Hunger Games and become a Fallen Tribute, Go the the Hunger Games and become a Victor or just not go to the Hunger games, stay in District 2 for the rest of your life, and follow in the boring steps of everyone else, with minimum job choices. I was hoping to train and become a Trainer. I wanted nothing to do with the Hunger Games. Cato did. He loved the idea of eternal glory and all that shit. That was one of the main things we fought about. He wanted to volunteer this year. I wanted him to stay by my side. If he could just get through this year, he would never have to go to the Hunger Games. After this year, we would both be guaranteed safety. I knew Clove was going and I wasn't happy about that. But I knew she had a chance to come back home. But if both of them went, I would lose one or the other. "Come on, Cassidy." He tugged my long brown hair lightly. "Let's just go for a swim." I nodded as we stripped down naked and jumped in. I laughed a bit as I remembered our first time skinny dipping in this lake. When he questions my laughter, I tell him. "The first time we came up here and you suggested we go skinny dipping. I thought you had lost your mind and I was dead set on not taking my clothes off anywhere around you." "Changed your mind, didn't you." He smirked. "Yeah, well, you're very convincing." And I jumped on his back, sending us both sinking into the water. We laughed and splashed around and attempted to drown each other. This is when I loved Cato the most. Not when he's at the Academy training and bossing around the other trainees. Not when he's boasting about the future that we would have together when re returned from the Games. But when he was just being Cato. Opened up and laughing, carefree and joking about. This is the Cato that I love most. All too soon, the sun was dipping down below the small mountain, casting shadows all around the lake. "We should be getting back." He whispered into my ear. We had been laying on the lake bank, arm in arm, drying off and enjoying the sun and each others company. "Yeah yeah. Let's get our clothes on." I had never really thought about what would happen if someone had come up on us while we were naked together, whether we were swimming or on the banks. I knew for a fact that no one doubted that we were sexually active, but no one had any proof about it. We were very discrete and neither of us boasted. Why would we, really? Our amazing nights that we spent together were meant for the two of us, not for the entire District to hear about. We finished dressing and began our hike back to my house. The thing with Cato is that he had been taught that showing any type of emotions is showing great weakness. He had caught enough shit from his trainers and parents when they found out that we had become a couple, so we kept our acting like a couple downplayed in public. Hand holding and kissing were saved for later. There was one last kiss on my forehead before we broke past the trees and out into the town. We walked down the street to where my house was lit up in the sun light. I could see my mum in the window, cooking dinner. My dad would be home from the Quarry soon and my sister would be arriving from wherever it was she had gone off too if she hadn't already. We walked in the front door and went to help my mum with dinner. "Ah, there you two are. I'm all finished up here, if you'll just take everything to the table." She smiled as we walked in. Doing as she said, we each grabbed a different plate of food and took it into our dining room where there were always five chairs. Cato had become a regular at our house for meals. He didn't really like going home, said that the pressure to remain an unemotional machine was just too much. His dad would give him a good beating if he thought that he was showing too much emotion. Dad came in as we were transporting the food to the tables. He was in the kitchen when we went back for silverware, and he and my mum were sharing a loving kiss. That's one of the many things I envy my parents of. They're so loving no matter who's around. They're happy. Not that Cato and I aren't happy, they're just so obvious about it. My dad walked over and kissed me on the forehead and patted Cato on the back. "How you doing, son?" "I'm great, sir. And yourself?" "I'm at home with my family and a meal on my table. What more could I ask for?" My dad, always the optimist. I looked at Cato when my dad said this. I could tell that he was thinking of plenty of other things. Glory, fame, fortune, emerging from the Hunger Games a victor. But he just smiled and laughed, while he caught my eye and winked. As we gathered around the dinner table after saying our Grace to Panem and began eating. Clove had come in at the last minute and was still slightly out of breath. "Where were you?" I asked her. "Just some last minute training." She replied, not meeting anyone's gaze. "Surprised you weren't there, Big Boy. Figured that, since we're going to be going up against each other you'd want to at least get some training in." Cato tensed at my side. Cato and Clove had never exactly gotten along. She still saw him as the jerk that ran around the Academy with an ego that was so big there was barely room for anyone else. He just saw her as my violent and dangerous sister. "That's enough, Clove. Let's not talk about this now." My mum reprimanded her. "Not talk about it now? If we don't talk about it now then when will we ever get to talk about it? Tomorrow is Reaping Day. If both of you stubborn asses are dead set on volunteering, then you'll both be leaving. And one, if not both, of