Title: Finding a Family Author: Crimson Rosary Summary: All is good after Voldemort's demise, but then comes Harry's magical and creature inheritance. Now he has to do what in order to accomplish what?! Manipulative!Dumbledore, Molly,Ron,Ginny Bashing! Pairing: HPxHarem Rating: M Author's Note: This is my first HPxHarem story! Please leave comments whenever possible – please be specific about where in the chapter you felt a certain place or didn't understand something! It would be really helpful! Also, if you don't like HPxHarem, click the little back button in your browser or click the red X at the corner! Thanks! (: Disclaimer: I do not own any characters from Harry Potter; all those belong to J.K. Rowling. ' Thoughts ' {Parseltongue} [ Telepathy ] Chapter 1 ~ Big News ~ X - X HARRY POTTER DEFEATS YOU-KNOW-WHO! By: Rita Skeeter On June 18, 1996, the Ministry of Magic was filled with Death Eaters, followers of the evil and dark wizard known as Lord Voldemort. After an entire year of criticizing Albus Dumbledore and Harry Potter, Minister Fudge, see picture on the left, finally sees proof – proof that You-Know-Who has finally returned! He finally acknowledges the revival of You-Know-Who during the last task of the Triwizard Tournament. As you may all remember, it was young Harry, age fourteen, whom had alerted us of his existence, yet Minister Fudge and Undersecretary Dolores Umbridge, see picture on the right, swiftly cheapened his words because of the Minister's own irrational fear of losing his position. My fellow readers, why, do you ask, was Harry Potter, see picture on the right, fighting a battle with You-Know-Who in the Ministry of Magic's atrium? The Boy-Who-Lived answers, "We were trying to prevent Voldemort from taking the prophecy. And in turn, my godfather was almost killed trying to protect my friends and I." When asked why a bunch of children would do the work of an adult with more experience than had, Harry Potter had this to say, "The Ministry had already taken over Hogwarts. The curriculum to protect our students from any outside danger was quickly denied. Dumbledore and the professors had their hands tied behind their backs; they were subtly threatened with imprisonment should they go against the Ministry, or more specifically the Minister. And because of this, we had to take action. If we allowed Voldemort to make his move, what else will the Ministry allow him to do?" What else indeed, my readers? We were all lucky to be saved by the Boy-Who-Lived after he selfishly made his way to the Ministry to fight against You-Know-Who. Backed by his comrades, they defended themselves against Death Eaters until Dumbledore had arrived with Aurors! Once it came to a one-on-one duel, Harry Potter used his magic and, in an epic clash between the two wizards, fell You-Know-Who, turning his remains to ash. It is all thanks to the Savior of the Wizarding World for protecting our magical community, not once, but twice in his lifetime! June 18, 1996 will live on as the day Harry Potter relinquishes You-Know-Who's reign of terror on the witches, wizards and magical creatures of the Wizarding World. To see the damage inflicted during the battle within the Ministry's Atrium, see Page 5. To see Harry Potter's friends' opinion, see page 6. To see Harry Potter's biography, see page 7. X - X CORNELIUS FUDGE REMOVED FROM OFFICE! By: Rita Skeeter On July 6, 1996, a week after the battle between Harry Potter, see picture on the right, and You-Know-Who, repairs for the Ministry of Magic's Atrium had begun. On this same day, Minister Cornelius Fudge, see picture on the left, was called before the Wizengamot. Cuffed to the magic-inhibited restraints from the seat, Fudge was seen to be pale white, sweating profusely and seemingly nauseous – fearful for the means of the trial. As a stand-in for Minister of Magic during this trial, Amelia Bones, Head of Magical Law Enforcement, started the trial. After the administration of Veritaserum, Cornelius Fudge confesses to his crime. He admits to seeing the death of one, Cedric Diggory, Hogwarts Champion in the Triwizard Tournament. When asked how the boy came to be, Cornelius states, "Harry Potter screamed that Voldemort was back. That he had had to take Cedric's body to his father, Amos Diggory, and could not leave him behind." When asked what Cornelius did to stop You-Know-Who's return, he said this, "I did not acknowledge his existence, for if I did, many people would come to harm and I would be blamed for his return." After a follow-up question inquiring how people would come to harm if he had accepted You-Know-Who's existence, Cornelius replied, "The Wizarding World would fall into chaos. It was better to have the people of the community be oblivious to this. It was a wonderful decade of peace. I will not be remembered as the Minister who did nothing for his people!" When told that he, in fact, was the Minister that had done nothing for his people, Cornelius had nothing to say. A thorough investigation proved that Cornelius Fudge was bribed by many to get what they wanted. And as such, have slowly caused the deterioration of the Ministry of Magic and the Wizarding World. It is proven, through Veritaserum and Cornelius Fudge himself, that he has ordered Undersecretary Dolores Umbridge to have two Dementors sent to attack Harry Potter the summer before his fifth year at Hogwarts. Further investigations will be done on Fudge's past trials and doings and his punishments will increase depending on the charges. But for now, the outcome of Cornelius's trial, as voted by the Wizengamot, is to have him sent to Azkaban for three years , and afterwards given two years of house arrest, closely watched by a four Aurors. Accompanying this last sentence will be having Cornelius Fudge doing three years of community service. Cornelius Fudge was seen dragged out of the courtroom with urine stained pants. To read about the entire trial, see page 4. To read about Cornelius's underhanded dealings, see page 5. X - X DOLORES UMBRIDGE REMOVED FROM OFFICE! By: Rita Skeeter After the admittance of having ordered Undersecretary Dolores Umbridge to send two Dementors to attack Harry Potter at the summer before his fifth year at Hogwarts, and many more unchecked actions, Cornelius Fudge is faced with a sentence of one year in Azkaban, followed with two years of house arrest closely watched by four Aurors and three years of community service. There is still an ongoing investigation on Fudge's actions. Whether his punishment will be extended is yet to be seen. Based on this disclosed information, as of July 13, 1996, Undersecretary Dolores Umbridge has been called before the Wizengamot. With this trial came the exposure of blackmailing fellow Ministry employees, embezzling funds without ex-Minister Cornelius's Fudge's knowledge – funds that could have been used to further improve our Ministry of Magic, its various departments and the pay of numerous employees, as well as the illegal use of Blood Quills on Hogwarts students, year 1 through year 7. A loud uproar filled the courtroom; outraged, the Wizengamot called for the reason for her actions. In her defense, Dolores Umbridge had this to say, "It was for the good of the Ministry. If anyone dares to stand against my rule, they are standing against Minister Cornelius Fudge." Countless witnesses and victims have been called to speak against Umbridge – victims of her Blood Quill. The number of parents that have been escorted with their child to speak in the case had nearly overflowed the courtroom itself. Harry Potter, the Boy-Who-Lived was also one of those victims. "It had started at the beginning of the year, and continued on throughout the end of the second semester." When asked if Umbridge had tried anything else on him, Harry admitted, "[she] nearly used the Cruciatus Curse on me, because I refused to tell her what she wanted to here. She told me – knowing there were students in her office – that what the Minister won't know, won't hurt him." At this confession, my readers, the tension in the courtroom was so thick you couldn't even cut it with a knife. But my readers, you must know this. As Headmaster of Hogwarts, Dumbledore was entrusted to protect our children from any harm, yet here in this trial, it is proven that he had done nothing, absolutely nothing , to help out children; even going further to allow the harm of the Savior of the Wizarding World. Were it not for the children's quick thinking, Dolores Umbridge would have continued to mar every single one of the students at Hogwarts. And where was Albus Dumbledore, the leader of the Light, the most powerful wizard in the Wizarding World? Who knows, my readers? He was never there to protect the students. As it stands, Dolores Umbridge has been stripped of her title as Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic. She will be sentenced to fifteen years in Azkaban for the use of an illegal dark item, fifteen years in Azkaban for attempting to use the Cruciatus Curse on an underage student, five years in Azkaban for using said item on students, both underage and of age, three years in Azkaban for sending Dementors to attack Harry Potter and twisting the situation to favor the Ministry and the Minister, making it seem as if it was Harry Potter's fault for using magic to defend himself, whilst he was underage. Dolores Umbridge has a total of thirty-eight years in Azkaban. When Dolores Umbridge is removed from Azkaban, she will spend ten years doing community service and fifteen years under house arrest with a squad of Aurors carefully watching her. To read about the whole trial, see page 5. To read about her list of illegal actions in the name of Cornelius Fudge and the Ministry of Magic, see page 6 to 7. X - X SIRIUS BLACK, WRONGLY ACCUSED? By: Rita Skeeter After Cornelius's removal of office, a thorough investigation had been done on his working ethics. And as such, a revelation came to be: Sirius Black, see picture on the left, Lord of the Noble and Most Ancient House of Black, had been imprisoned in Azkaban for twelve long years. After his escape in the early summer of 1993, Aurors had not been able to track down the illustrious, believed to be, supporter of You-Know-Who. It is worth noting that Lord Black is the aforementioned Godfather of Harry Potter, having saved the Boy-Who-Lived from harm during the skirmish between the Death Eaters and the students of Hogwarts. It is with a heavy heart, my readers, that I tell you Sirius Black had been wrongfully accused to be the Potter's Secret Keeper of the Fidelius Charm. When asked to appear for a trial, one that Harry Potter had ordered and scheduled to prove his Godfather's innocence on July 20, 1996, it was revealed that Peter Pettigrew, an avid supporter of You-Know-Who was the Potter's Secret Keeper. Lord Black admits that it was plainly obvious many would think that he would be Secret Keeper due to his long friendship with James Potter, and therefore, with the help of Albus Dumbledore, Grand Sorcerer, Supreme Mugwump, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, and Headmaster of Hogwarts, performed the charm, casting Peter Pettigrew as the Secret Keeper. When questioned whether or not Dumbledore should have spoke up for him, Lord Black heatedly admits that, " [He] should have! Albus knew all along that I was not the Secret Keeper." Under Veritaserum, the truth revealed that Sirius Black had never murdered the thirteen muggles, had never murdered Peter Pettigrew, was never a Death Eater, and had never betrayed the Potter Family. If Dumbledore had performed the charm, why did the Leader of the Light betray Lord Black? Suffice to say, many are confused because of this matter. In the end, Lord Black is declared innocent and will have his title