Aloha! Bonjour! Ni hao! This is my second ever story! I cannot stress that I feel this one is better than my first! Possibly because in the world of magic, ANYTHING can happen. I am very fond of this idea, therefore, maybe it's better to write one about Harry Potter than write a story with already an enclosed idea. That's how I feel anyway. A/N: There will several types of genres in this story, though I'll be figuring things out along the way. I know for a fact though, that there will be mpreg, action, adventure, romance, a dash of comedy and the like. Also, there is a DMXHP relationship – dominant / submissive respectively. So, if you do not like the thought of malexmale relationships, I suggest you read something else. Also, it's AU and OC! :D Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter; it's J.K. Rowling's. I do however, own THIS HERE WRITTEN story's plot. Changing Destiny Chapter 1 Summer Vacation Peering out the window, the sun seemed to be shining as clear as day - not a hint of a storm in sight. Severus grumbled before heading to his potions laboratory. Today would be the day his godson arrived, the first day of the first week of summer vacation. As his robes billowed behind him as he walked down the corridor, he thought he'd finish up his latest concoction before awaiting the arrival of the young blonde. Upon entering his laboratory , he quickly leafed through his cupboards in search of an ingredient - the edges of his mouth twitched when the ingredient was in his sight. Closing the cupboard and moving towards the simmering cauldron, he dropped a few of the bat's wing held in his grasp, before leaving the rest in a small container for later use. Walking over to another storage case, he opened the doors searching for the jar containing rabbit liver. Frowning when he realized he had ran out of the ingredient, he quickly skimmed through the rest of his ingredients, duly noting what other ingredients should be ordered and which ingredients he should have thoroughly stocked beforehand. With the list in mind, he quickly jotted it down on a sheet of paper before heading towards the owlery, though not before casting a quick spell towards the cauldron to suspend the potion in the making. Walking up the spiraling staircase, he subtly waved his wand, closing any of the open windows that lined the walls, leaving just the last one at the top of the stairs open. Stepping into the owlery, he walked towards a black feathered owl, decorated with dark grey spots all around its feathers and body. Tying the list onto the owl's leg, he looked straight at into the owl's eyes. "I need these ingredients quickly. Any answer more than three days will not suffice. It is a matter of urgency, understand?" The owl looked at Severus with scrutiny before hooting in acknowledgement. "Well, if you understand, leave now. You will be greatly rewarded after returning with a reply that's says the ingredients will be packed and sent within three days." The owl hooted once more before flapping its wings, hovering a few inches above its perch. Wondering what the owl was waiting for, he looked towards the closed window before realizing he had forgotten to leave the owlery window open after it had rained a few nights ago. With another flick of his wand, the window opened allowing the dark colored owl to fly through. Dark as the night, eyes sharp and gleaming like a leopard. Naming the owl Midnight was probably a childish thing to do, but there was no better way to describe the male bird. Turning his back on the now empty perch, he saw the other owls eyeing him, as if waiting for him to send them on a journey as well. "There's nothing for you all to do now. Draco will be here shortly; after all, there's already an appointed time he'll floo in." he announced to the now listless birds. The owlery was filled with soft coos as the birds moved sadly on their own perches. With an annoyed twitch of his mouth, he waved his wand once again – though this time, it was to present the owls with several treats. Hopefully these would satisfy them. He thought before leaving the room. Walking back down the stairs he reopened the windows with his wand, annoyed that the owls' feelings had made him a tad guilty. He may be half pureblood, but the muggle side wouldn't allow him to act as ruthlessly as he could towards innocent creatures. He walked towards the kitchen, setting up tea for his soon to be arriving guests. As the tea tray drifted in the air behind him, he drew the curtains apart from the glass windows, allowing sunlight into the dark sitting room. As his eyes were met with several dust particles floating around in the air, he sent a simple but effective spell, clearing the air in the room. The tea tray set itself down in the center of the coffee table; immediately, the tea pot itself poured tea into the empty tea cups, settling down once the tea cups were full. Glancing up at the clock hanging from atop the fireplace, there were only five seconds before the Malfoys would arrive at exactly eleven on the dot. Reminding himself that his guests probably haven't had their midday meal yet, he sent several spells into the kitchen. The kitchenware quickly sprang to life. The drawers opened, refrigerator opened, stove turned on – everything seemed to take on a life of its own as the meal began to prepare itself. If only I had a house elf , he thought to himself, that way I wouldn't have to send spells out every five minutes in the day. There were probably still hundreds of other house elves that haven't been claimed at all by any heads of the families; if so, he would quickly look for several, making his daily life easier. Just because he lived alone and liked the peace and quiet in the house, doesn't mean he didn't think daily chores or house work were any easier on a single bachelor. The fireplace burst to life in bright green flames as the first of the Malfoys made their presence in his 'humble abode'. Out came Lucius Malfoy in all his platinum blonde haired glory. Stepping out of the fireplace, he subtly dusted a few specks of ash off his attire before glancing around the room. Next came Narcissa Malfoy, a lady of petite stature. Head held high with straight poise, everyone knew of the Lady Malfoy within the social circle. Walking a few steps to stand beside her husband, the last of the Malfoy family appeared from the flames – now slowly turning back into a small reddish orange color. "Lucius, Narcissa, Draco, how have you been?" Severus stepped up towards the small group, before gripping the elder Malfoy's outstretched hand. "We've been well Severus, hope you've been as well." Lucius answered, his eyes finally landing on the potions master when he had heard the man speak up. "Dear Severus, the room is just as I've remembered." Narcissa replied, smiling lightly. "Draco, how has your summer vacation been?" "It's been well Uncle Severus, though I had hoped we would begin my potions training as soon as possible once we had left Hogwarts." The young blonde replied politely. "Ah yes, we will begin as soon as possible. I have sent out a notice to my supplier that the ingredients be delivered within three days. After I have received them, I will finish my current potion whilst teaching you what I have learned." Snape answered, his eyes landing on the boy. Nodding his head at the acceptance of the news, Snape gestured his guests towards the settees placed around the coffee table. "I hope the tea will suit your tastes, especially for you Narcissa." Snape said, placing each teacup in front of the family member. "Of course it will Severus. Why, it has suited my tastes so well, I have gone out looking for them when the men are out. Of course, the ladies loved them too when I introduced them to it." Narcissa said, sipping the tea in small measurements. "Said they too, would like to know where I had gotten them. I quite enjoyed seeing them try to appeal to me, if not the Malfoy name." she continued, placing the teacup upon the saucer. Lucius and Draco sipped their own tea in silence, listening to the only woman in the house. After five minutes had gone by, the conversation had drifted from Narcissa's social circle to Lucius's job at the Ministry and School Board to finally Draco's academic life at Hogwarts. The meal in the kitchen had already prepared itself and was sitting on the coffee table, amongst the teacups and saucers. Swallowing his mouthful of food, Draco dabbed at the corners of his mouth before placing his plate onto the coffee table. Looking up at the adults sitting with him, he waited for a couple of seconds before answering the questions that came shooting his way. First came a question from his father. "Draco, son. I'm assuming you'll be receiving straight O's again this semester?" "Of course father, nothing less will be acceptable." Nodding his head in approval, Lucius stated "Nothing less for a Malfoy" before sipping his tea. Then his mother asked a question. "How is your health? Has anything happened in school?" Draco thought for a minute before answering. His mother was always fishing for some gossip. If it didn't come from her group of 'friends', anything that came from her darling son about his classmates would surely give her a good laugh at her social group. Of course, she made it seem as nonchalant as possible, pushing her desire to hear about her son's health before all else. "Everyone has been well," he started before thinking of how to answer her question without belittling his Slytherin roommates. "Though of course, Astoria keeps insisting she'll be married to me by the time I graduate. She keeps repeating that our family has formed a marriage contract while we were children. Is this true?" "Of course not Draco. We want you to have the best of the best – anyone lower than Malfoy standards wouldn't be fit to be your life partner." His mother answered, before having a small gleam in her eyes, soon disappearing as quickly as it had come. Severus didn't need to ask questions about his academic life. He pushed more questions on how he was dealing with the Gryffindors. He wouldn't be able to watch Draco every second of every day, but hearing what goes on while he wasn't watching the Malfoy heir would help him even the slightest bit. "I'm assuming the Gryffindors are still attempting to keep an eye on you?" The head of Slytherin drawled, an eyebrow raised at the blonde sitting across from him. The boy looked at him before answering. "Yes, though they need to be more wary of their surroundings. The last time they followed me, I had them almost in Filch's grasp, but they were able to avoid him and Mrs. Norris. Do you know how they did it Uncle Severus?" "The Potter boy's got an invisibility cloak. Inherited it from his unruly father if I were to guess. Dumbledore's been keeping every item that the boy's going to inherit before he turns seventeen of age." Draco nodded in understanding, picking up his plate once more to continue his meal. "Severus, have you thought of getting house elves to do the house work?" Narcissa asked, once she saw the man cast several spells onto the dishware, sending them into the kitchen to be cleaned and stored away. "I have been for some time now. I was wondering where I would be able to