Title of Story: Door #2 Rating: T Pairing: Bella, Seth & Edward Genre: Angst, Romance Word Count: 9949 Story Summary: Temptation finds us all. How we choose to respond defines us. Will we resist? Or be consumed? Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *O*o*O* Do you follow life's path blindly? Or recklessly? Do you act without thought, then wish you could take it all back once you realize the cost? Perhaps you are consumed by regret. I am blessed because, despite the unexpected turns and dips in the path of my life, I have no regrets. If you are very fortunate, you make your choices with absolute joy and confidence, blind to the possible futures that are instantaneously snuffed out, and then you go on living in blissful ignorance. Because really, how can you regret losing something you never knew existed, especially when the path you chose is so wonderfully perfect? I chose Door #1 before I ever knew there were other portals or paths to different futures. I wouldn't change that choice, not for the whole world. But there was a moment in time when I questioned it. Just one moment. That moment transformed me in ways I cannot describe. Once upon a time, I met the man behind Door #2. At the time, I had been married for 13 years, and I was still irrevocably in love. Seth and I had two boys in middle school, a house in the suburbs, and my career as an Italian/English translator was more fulfilling and rewarding than I ever dreamed it could be. I had everything I ever knew I wanted, right up to the moment when I was confronted by a choice, a path, a future so breathtaking that I was spellbound. . . beckoning from beyond an impassable barrier. I am a wife, a mother and a grandmother. I adored my husband until the moment he took his final breath, I fight for my friendships no matter what the threat, I protect my children, I dote on my grand babies, and I challenge myself every day to be a better person than I was yesterday. My name is Isabella Clearwater. I have led a charmed life. Everyone should be this lucky. Even so, in moments like this, when the house is quiet and I am alone with my most private thoughts, I wonder. . . I dream. . . I consider the possible paths that I never explored, the forks in the road I never travelled. . . and I pray that the man I once glimpsed beyond Door #2 is as happy as I am. *O*o*O* My mother enrolled me in dance classes when I was eight years old. I was a horribly clumsy child. I was timid and insecure. Dance gave me something incredible. It gave me a beat to follow, a rhythm to embrace, and the confidence to consign my body to both. Out of the studio, off the dance floor, I was still embarrassingly awkward. I could live with that. I had two escapes that were all about me, all for me; my books and my dancing. My mother used to say I was a late bloomer. The truth is, I never actually bloomed. Flowers bloom. It's a natural process. I was a hermit crab, and I was pried out of my shell by circumstance during my junior year of high school. My best friend, Alice, was the head cheerleader at our school. She didn't fit any of the stereotypes. She was short, thin and dark haired, not busty and blond. She got incredible grades without flirting with her teachers or suckering nerds into writing her essays. She was dating a boy from the drama club, not the team captain of the football team. She was sweet and funny and generous, not a condescending, stuck up socialite. In short, she was her own person and never felt the need to apologize for that fact. I attended every football game to cheer on my friends from dance class. Not that the cheerleaders needed a cheerleader, but it was fun to be a part of the excitement even if I was just on the sidelines. The night of our second home game, Lauren landed wrong after a complicated aerial and broke her ankle. It was traumatic for her, terrifying for the other girls, and completely destroyed the team's chances to compete in the regional cheer competition. Alice begged, cajoled and blackmailed me into joining the team. She didn't want me to replace Lauren. That would have been impossible. Lauren was a gymnast and the most talented girl on the team. Instead, Alice and Jessica planned to adjust the choreography to compensate for Lauren's absence with their own routines, but they still needed another body to support and balance the formations, somebody who was already familiar with the routines and could learn the dances quickly. I suddenly regretted going to all the games and sitting in the bleachers doing homework while Alice drilled the other girls every day after school. That exposure made me the perfect girl, the only girl, for the job. I was their only chance to remain competitive. Over the following nine days, Alice alternately hammered, yanked and winkled me out of my shell until I found myself dressed in a skimpy skirt, bouncing, screaming and kicking at the next home game with the entire football team, student body and a ton of teachers and parents watching. I don't know who was more shocked, them or me. The next Monday at school, Jacob Black asked me out. He was the quarterback and team captain. He was playful and flirty and gorgeous. And he didn't do a thing for me. I didn't just get asked out by football players. Wrestlers, basketball players, the drum major from the marching band. . . they were all treating me as if I was some shiny new toy, when in reality I was the same plain brunette, bookworm, just shy of a 4.0 student, introverted girl they had all known for years. Alice thought it was hilarious. I wanted to die. My relief from the madness came from an unexpected quarter; an old friend named Seth Clearwater. We had first started hanging out when we were assigned as partners during freshman Biology. We just got each other. There was none of the normal teenage angst or drama in our friendship. Throughout freshman year we had several classes together, sat together at lunch and went to the school dances together. My mom cornered me once and asked if we were 'dating'. I was honestly shocked. I didn't feel an ounce of sexual attraction for Seth. He was just Seth, you know? Sophomore year he was asked out by Tia, one of the flute players in the marching band. She was cute and funny, but her constant presence made me feel like a third wheel. I started sitting with Alice and the other cheerleaders at lunch. We didn't have any classes together either so I barely saw him. Seth was on the football team, too. He was a third string wide receiver. He was fast, but not quite fast enough. He was short and slender and the coaches worried about him getting hurt if he got tackled wrong. He didn't get much field time that year. I would occasionally pick him out from the cluster of padded and helmeted boys on the sidelines. Once in awhile he caught me looking and gave me a small wave or a smile. He was telling me we were still friends. I thought it was sweet. Junior year I was preoccupied with school and my plans for college. We didn't have any classes together, but I didn't really notice. We had grown apart slowly and naturally with no hurt feelings or fights. It just happened. But when circumstance threw us back together part way through first quarter, things were very, very different. During the second game I cheered at, one of our wide receivers stole the show. It was like he had glue on his gloves and a jet engine strapped to his back. Every single pass stuck. He would yank the ball out of the sky, spin in mid-air and come down charging, racing across the turf with yards between his heels and the opposite team. I screamed as loud as everyone else. It was a stunning victory. I was completely floored when the MVP of the game yanked off his helmet after the final whistle and I recognized him. Seth Clearwater had grown, filled out and aged over the summer. He looked like a man. My stomach did more cartwheels than Alice and Jessica combined. There was a party after the game, and I let Alice drag me along. Seth's face lit up when he saw me. He was high on his performance and swept me into a bone-crushing hug. I was thrilled to see him. We seemed to pick up right where we left off before he met Tia, who he was no longer dating. We didn't have any classes together, but we went right back to our old routine of talking between classes, joking around in the parking lot after school and watching B-movies on the old TV in his dad's garage. Everything was the same, with one major addition. I had an insane, all-consuming crush on him. Senior year, we were inseparable. He never asked me out. He didn't have to. I begrudgingly gave my mom credit for what she had seen years before anyone else. Seth was the love of my life. We shared our first kiss after the homecoming game senior year. The photo made it into the yearbook. Him in his football gear, hair plastered to his head with sweat. Me in my cheer uniform, stretching up on my tip toes with my pom-poms gripped behind his neck. That photo still brings tears to my eyes. It takes me back to a time before the aches and stiffness of old age. It resurrects the bubbling feeling of joy and vibrancy that colored my teenage years. I am that young, innocent girl, giving her heart, pure, whole and untouched, to a boy who would treasure it and protect it forever. He never failed me once, not one single time in our 37 years together. We finally did 'it' the following spring. For two clumsy, over-eager virgins, it was pretty incredible. Seth was awkward and shy, fumbling with the condom and apologizing every few seconds. But once he was inside me and kissing me, we figured things out pretty quickly. Both of our parents worked full-time, so we had plenty of opportunities to practice. I remember one afternoon so clearly. Seth wanted to try something different. His friends said that all their girlfriends loved it, but when he knelt in front of me and leaned in to kiss me there, I panicked. I was uncomfortable and embarrassed. Seth told me he wanted to make me feel special, not uncomfortable. He described how it made him feel to look at me and touch me. He held me against his muscular chest and talked until I stopped freaking out. And then he ran his fingers gently over my body, focusing on one feature at a time, helping me see my beauty from his perspective. When his fingers finally found their way between my thighs, I was melting and breathless. I didn't resist when his lips and tongue joined in. Instead I was urging him on with breathless cries and panting moans. I had never felt so loved or adored. I think I was speechless for an hour afterward. As much as we loved sex, we still found so much else to do. We both had jobs around town, and we were both waiting eagerly for acceptance letters for college. Our biggest disappointment came when I was accepted into UW and he