Title of Story: No Room for Guilt Rating:MA Pairing: Bella/Carlisle Genre: Romance Word Count: 5521 Story Summary: Bella felt guilty enough at her inappropriate thoughts about her best friend's father. But it's not like anything would come of them. Right? Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *O*o*O* Bella kept the smile plastered to her face as Alice chattered endlessly beside her. They had been best friends for years, ever since the first day of kindergarten, and she was used to the tiny pixie's bubbly personality and mile a minute chatter. And really, she was happy for her friend. Jasper Whitlock was a great guy. Smart, funny, handsome in a 'just got finished surfing' kind of way with the manners of a true Southern gentleman. He would be going to UDub with them in the fall, majoring in History with a focus on 'The Military History of the United States from Colonial Times to Present'. Alice thought his choice was dreamy and perfect for him. Bella just nodded in agreement and prodded her angel hair pasta with her fork. She found it a bit annoying that Alice, who before Jasper arrived at Forks High School, didn't know the difference between the Gettysburg Address and Martin Luther King's "I Have a Dream". But ever since she "accidentally" crashed into the Texas transplant in the school hallway, her incessant chatter had gone from fashion and the Kardashians to Civil War battles and the Confederacy. Bella tuned her friend out, taking a bite of the delicious dinner that Esme prepared and glanced at the other dinner guests. Esme Cullen, a perfect picture of what a mother and wife should be with her caramel colored Donna Reed hair, emerald green eyes and rosy complexion, sat at one end of the table casually sipping from her wine glass and smiling indulgently at her daughter. Esme, doting homemaker turned part time interior designer, was the mother that Bella always wished she had. Her own mother, Renee, was flighty and forgetful, and Bella had more or less been the parent in that relationship. But with Esme, Bella could stand at the kitchen counter and bake cookies or have a shoulder to cry on about boy issues and Esme would laugh with her or cry with her and give the advice that she had desperately needed. Sitting at the other end of the table was Carlisle Cullen, tall and strikingly beautiful with blond hair and sky blue eyes. The hero of Forks General, he was the most beloved doctor that Forks had ever had. Bella had spent almost as much time with him as she had with Esme, considering the many times she sat in the ER having him set a broken bone or stitch a cut after one of her clumsy mishaps. From what she could tell, he was also perfect father material. He loved his daughter, gave her the attention that she craved and she never wanted for anything. He was a striking picture beside Esme and her stunning 1950's model looks, and whenever the family went out, people would stop and stare, commenting on 'the beautiful, perfect Cullen family'. But what those Cullen groupies didn't know was that life in the Cullen house wasn't the second coming of Camelot. Esme was a wonderful mother and Alice was the most important part of her life. Being a wife, however, was more of an image to her. Look beautiful, keep the house immaculate, and dote on her strong, successful husband; that was the definition of a perfect wife. She really took that 1950's sentiment to heart, not only with her looks, but with the way she lived. Husband and wife had separate rooms, separate lives while still living in the same house. Bella couldn't understand that mentality, especially with a husband like Carlisle Cullen. The man was everything any red blooded woman could ever want, and Bella was a little ashamed about the fantasies that she came up with about her best friend's father. His velvety smooth voice and his intoxicating scent could send Bella's imagination so far into the gutter that she thought she would never be able to get out at times. Seeing him at work also sent her heartbeat up. Besides the numerous trips to the ER, she also volunteered as a candy striper for the past year. Carlisle always greeted her at the hospital, a lot of times convincing her to take her breaks with him to chat over a cup of coffee in the cafeteria. He was always interested in her life, asking her about school, about her plans for college, about any boys that caught her eye. A few months back, when she told him that she was going to UDub to study Pharmaceutical Engineering, the look on his face took her breath away. There was pride and amazement in his eyes, along with something that Bella could not put her finger on. "There's something so incredibly special about you, Bella," he had told her. "I have no doubt that the things you do will make medical history and I can't wait to see that happen." His words had left her in quite a state. Pride and excitement mixing with desire and want had her almost vibrating in her seat. Her face had flushed with her signature blush and Carlisle's answering grin to her state only heated her more. "And Jasper says that after graduation, we should go on a road trip to the different battle grounds," Alice's voice broke into Bella's thoughts and she blinked, blushing when she caught Carlisle's barely there grin. She groaned silently in embarrassment, realizing then that she had disappeared into her thoughts while staring at Carlisle and he had caught her. She quickly looked away, turning back to her plate. "Uh, that sounds like fun," Bella murmured, reaching for her water glass. "I know, right?" Alice clapped in excitement, bouncing a little in her seat. "It's going to be great!" Alice's non-stop commentary continued on through the rest of dinner and while Bella helped Esme with the dishes and then up to Alice's room, where she finally stopped when she held up a new purple dress for Bella's opinion. "I like the color, it looks good with your hair," Bella said, sitting lotus style on Alice's huge pink canopy bed. Alice grinned and turned towards the mirror, holding the dress up against her. "Are you sure you don't mind me going out to see Jasper tonight? I'll only be gone for a couple hours, promise!" Bella knew that 'a couple hours' would turn into 'I'll be back just before sunrise', but she shrugged. "I'm fine with it, Alice. I'd much rather stay here tonight anyway. Charlie is working overnight and I hate staying in the house alone." "You should see if Jacob wants to do something," Alice suggested, changing into her date wear, tossing her dirty clothes onto the pink velvet chaise lounge by the balcony doors. "It would be better than sitting with a book by yourself all night." Bella wrinkled her nose. Jacob Black was a classmate and a sort of friend. His father and Bella's father were best friends, so they saw each other outside of school every now and then. Jacob was okay, but he was the Forks Quarterback, ridiculously tall and handsome, insanely popular and a manwhore of epic proportions. He had recently been showing Bella a little more interest than usual, probably because she was the only girl in the school besides Alice that hadn't been up close and personal with his dick. "I'm not calling Jacob. I have no interest in losing my virginity while he bends me over his motorcycle." Alice sighed, strapping on a pair of black Jimmy Choos that cost more than Bella's truck. "I don't know what is stopping you from chucking that V card out the window. It's not like you don't have guys drooling over you." Bella rolled her eyes. "Who, Jacob and Mike Newton? You might have been eager to throw your virginity away the day after meeting Jasper, but I'm not going to sleep with some loser just to say I had sex. I'm perfectly content waiting until I find someone I actually want to sleep with." Alice chuckled. "The frat boys at UDub will eat you alive when they catch onto your virgin scent." Bella shuddered at the thought. She was going to college for an education, to better herself and forge a path for her future, not to get drunk with horny frat boys who would fuck anything with a hole. She remained quiet while Alice finished getting ready and then waved goodbye as her friend excitedly skipped out the door when she heard Jasper's knock. "Finally, some quiet," she muttered, getting up to grab her book out of her overnight bag. She left the pink monstrosity of Alice's room to find her happy place- currently the sunroom located just off the back of the Cullen's dining room. Esme's design touches made the sunroom Bella's favorite place in the house. Dark hardwood floors, creamy pale blue walls and a sofa that was as soft as a cloud. Huge floor to ceiling windows looked out onto the gardens and pool area and beyond that, the vastness of the forest. Bella settled herself on the sofa and opened her book. Before she knew it, she was a quarter of the way through the book and the sun had set, leaving her with only the light from the lamp beside the sofa. "You'll ruin your eyesight reading in the dark like that." Bella jumped in shock, dropping her book on her lap. She looked up to see Carlisle standing in the doorway, a small grin on his handsome face. "Jesus, you scared me," she gasped, her hand pressed over her pounding heart. Carlisle just chuckled, walking slowly into the room to sit down on the other end of the sofa. Bella's heart fluttered as he lifted her feet, settling down before setting them on his lap. "You were so into your book, I didn't even think you would hear my voice," Carlisle murmured, giving her foot a gentle squeeze. "What's got your attention so much, Pretty Girl?" Bella swallowed, holding up the book in question. Carlisle smiled in appreciation. "Ahh, I can understand getting lost in the teachings of Atticus Finch. A true classic. Is this your first time reading it?" Bella shook her head. "This makes my fifteenth reread. 'To Kill a Mockingbird' is my favorite book." Carlisle leaned his head back against the sofa, his eyes never leaving hers. "I wish Alice had taken more of a liking to literature. The only thing I've seen her read since age nine was Seventeen and Cosmopolitan magazines." Bella chuckled. "She reads books when there is the threat of a quiz afterwards. Even then, I think she has the biggest Cliff's Notes library of anyone I've ever met." She groaned suddenly in appreciation as Carlisle's light squeeze on her foot became a full on foot massage. She forced herself not to look too much into Carlisle's behavior. Not to think about how it would look if Esme or Alice walked into the room. Not to think about how strange it might seem for her best friend's father to be rubbing her feet. Instead, she closed her eyes and focused on the feeling of his hands gently squeezing, forcing any tension away, and leaving her a mass of relaxed girl on the couch. "What other books do you like?" His voice was warm honey and she sighed in pleasure. "Too many to name. I like Pride and Prejudice. I still love the Little House books and Anne of Green Gables. The Scarlet Letter, The Great Gatsby, Lolita…" She felt her cheeks grow hot at that last admission. "Quite the selection there," his voice had roughened slightly and Bella opened her eyes to see