Title of Story: The Accidental Imprint Rating: M Pairing: Leah/Edward Genre: Romance and Angst Word Count: 10,778 Story Summary: Edward had been keeping a secret for eight long years. He thought he was doing the right thing. However, someone had deemed this the time for all of his family's demons to see the light and all their wrongs revealed. This is his tale of wanting, betrayal, and accidental imprinting. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *O*o*O* Jasper's POV During my time on this Earth, I have seen and done some deplorable things. Unspeakable things that most humans and monsters alike couldn't come back from. Once I found Alice, I promised myself I'd be better and encourage others to do the same. In being better, I made a conscious effort not to hurt anyone, unless I'm threatened first, of course, and again my goal was to encourage others to do the same. That's why I was out here in the forest at 3 AM looking for my "brother". It was time to end the madness. It was time for me to speak out and confront him. I found Edward sitting in the forest. He hadn't been hunting; he actually looked as though he was waiting for me. "I was," he answered my thoughts and stood upright. "Say your piece, Jasper, so I can go about my night," he said dryly and crossed his arms. "It's been eight years. Don't you think it's time you told them?" I asked, and he frowned. "Why? We have maneuvered around our feelings quite well. Nobody has been harmed," he countered, and I'm sure I looked at him as though he were delusional. The dynamic of our household had changed. Everyone could operate a lot freer if he confessed. "I have been harmed! I believe you two forget that I have been carrying this secret, too, for eight long years!" I shouted. "Alice knows and she doesn't care as long as Bella is happy," Edward spouted. "Why do you?" He went to sit down again. He felt this conversation was pointless. He was bored and his indifference frustrated me to high hell. "Edward, you aren't happy. Bella isn't happy. She most definitely isn't happy … and there are other feelings. Other emotions surrounding your marriage. If you wish to salvage your marriage, you have to actually participate in it!" I took a breath. Finally after eight years I was able to tell him how I really felt about all his shit. His look was dry. "Fuck you, Jasper," he murmured dryly as he began to walk away. "Wow, I wasn't expecting profanity from the damn near perfect Edward Cullen; real mature," I blanched. "I never said I was perfect. Don't jump on Emmett's bandwagon. I have been a loyal, dedicated husband and father. I have never cheated on my wife, and I have always been there for my daughter, and that's why I say fuck you to all your bull shit!" He shook his head and went to leave. "You don't sleep with your wife," I countered, and he chuckled darkly. "You don't sleep with yours, either," he answered. "You know what I mean," I sighed. Maybe he was right. The conversation is pointless. "I know I'm right. Look, my marital bed is none of your concern. Bella is satisfied … I know she is being satisfied. My daughter is happy … that's all that matters," Edward said solemnly. "Renesmee is grown in all the ways it matters. You can be honest with everyone. Please!" I pleaded, and he glared at me. "You can't hide behind your daughter forever." Edward said nothing, he just walked away. It was the first time I actually viewed him as a coward. A real man would've done what's right by now. Instead, he allowed all the people he claimed to love live in this delusional hell. *O*o*O* Edward's POV I rarely talked to her. We both understood it was best we keep our distance. However, Jasper had me worried, and she was the only one I could express my concern to. He was all on this confession is good for the soul kick, but in my mind there was nothing to confess. I had done nothing wrong. I felt as the earth rumbled beneath my feet as she approached. I took a deep breath to release the anxious energy she created within me. After a few moments, she appeared from the bushes. She wore an oversized white tee shirt and short dark denim jean shorts. She strolled towards me with her arms across her chest and a perturbed look on her face. "What?" She asked. She was careful not to make eye contact with me as she studied her bare feet in the grass. "Jasper is pressuring me about you," I muttered and she rolled her eyes. "Well did you tell him that we have the situation under control? We haven't done anything wrong, and it's been eight years since it happened. If we were going to do something, we would've by now," Leah griped as she ran her fingers through her ebony hair. It was just past her shoulder blades now. I loved when she let it get a bit longer. "This wasn't worth dragging me out of bed over," she murmured. "I'm sorry. I was just concerned he might tell your bestie and my daughter that you imprinted on me! I wonder how she would take that?" Leah scoffed and shook her head. "I love that girl. I practically helped raise her! I would tell her like I would tell anybody else. I wish I never laid eyes on you at your wedding reception, but it's not my fault it happened, and unlike others who have imprinted, I haven't laid one finger on you, and you obviously went about your business or else Renesmee wouldn't be here!" She fussed and then sighed. She was out of steam, and she turned her back. She was emotional, but she didn't want me to see it. "What do you want me to do?" She said softly. "I don't know if there's anything we can do, Leah," I said her name it was like breathing air. She took a satisfied breath and then shook her head. She hated that she loved the way my voice wrapped around her name. "We have to tell everyone before he does. Maybe if we explain it, they will understand why we didn't feel it necessary to tell at first and see that nothing has to change." "Right. I mean, it's not like you skip out on you husbandly duties that's for sure," she said dryly. "I'm actually surprised you're out here instead of in there with her." Now I was confused. "What are you talking about?" "Sex, Edward," she snapped and whipped around, her brown eyes locking with mine. God, everything inside me constricted. Her stare started to become daze like and she quickly turned back around. "I know you sleep with her. My hearing is too good to not know. I don't care. It doesn't matter," she whispered. We stood together in silence and I debated whether not I should tell her this but it would be good to tell someone my real feelings. Why not my imprint? "I haven't had sex with my wife in six years," I confessed. "The only reason it was that recent is because Alice sent us away for our anniversary that time. I thought she may start to suspect something if we didn't," I explained and frowned at the back of her head. "Leah, can you please just turn around? It's weird having a conversation with you this way." I went to touch her arms to turn her, and she jumped away from me. "NO, Edward! We have rules; remember, no touching!" She snapped, but she did turn towards me. "I don't understand what is to be gained by this conversation? You're lying to me for no reason! I already told you, I don't care!" She fussed with tears in her eyes. "I hear her moaning and your mattress springs squeaking. Your little cabin is NOT far enough away from the main house for me to not know!" She looked down at her feet again. I thought about what she said, and I never thought that Bella would have it in her, but I guess she felt she needed to be satisfied one way or another. "She must be cheating on me. I kind of suspected she was, but I was never sure," I mused aloud and pondered who her partner was. I really didn't care as long as it wasn't Jacob. Jake had newly started his relationship with Nessie and seemed blissfully happy. I would kill him if he hurt my daughter. "I have not had sex with Bella." Leah hesitantly made eye contact with me to gauge whether I was telling the truth. She went into mini trance like she always did. Her full pink lips parted as she gazed upon me mystified by something. I have no idea what, I just knew I always appreciated her stare when she allowed it to happen. It reminded me I was a man. I was a man who was very aware that she was a woman. I moved toward her and she took three urgent steps back. "I've got to go!" She blustered and vanished into moonlight. *O*o*O* Jasper's POV Two weeks had gone by since I had issued Edward my warning. At times he seemed as if he were remorseful and like he were about to address the family, however each time my hopes would be dashed and his delusional façade stayed in place. Instead of doing his dirty work, I had come up with a far better plan to punish both him and his mistress. He claimed to have never slept with Leah, but I knew better. I knew that at night he would wander and Leah would wander at night, too. Was I to assume they didn't end up together? I wasn't a fool. With the amount of lust circling the two of them, it was impossible for the two of them to deny that kind of pull for so long. So I was going push the envelope. I was going to make them confess one way or another. Edward didn't hunt with us anymore. He went off by himself which made my plan so much easier to put in place. Once we were all out, I doubled back to the house. I got close enough to manipulate them, but hopefully, I wasn't close enough for Edward to read my mind. I was expecting to see Leah and Edward together, but to my surprise, I was wrong. Edward was at the house, but he was in Carlisle's study and Leah was in the living room. I closed my eyes and sent a wave of lust in their direction. Neither of them budged. I stared on in disbelief. I pushed harder - more love, lust, and desire. Emotions they already felt, I just intensified them to the point where it was just about unbearable for me. I watched as Edward put his book down. It was going to happen. Edward would rush to Leah, they would be intimate, and the family would come home and catch them in the act. *O*o*O* Edwards POV Jasper was not clever, and I was not new to his little games. I was used to his emo antics, however poor Leah was not. I heard as she called for me in a panic. I rushed downstairs, even though there was a big part of me that knew it was not a smart thing to do. "Edward," she breathed with her eyes clamped shut. "Something's wrong with me?" Her heart was racing and her desire was palpable. I could feel it. I could smell it. I swallowed hard. She had the right