Title of Story: Greatest Temptation Rating: M Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Romance Word Count: 8009 Story Summary: There was only so much a man in a loveless marriage could take and Edward was at his breaking point. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *O*o*O* EPOV The pool was crowded, full of kids screaming and splashing and waiters bringing icy cold beverages to the adults lounging on the deck chairs. The sun shone brightly, reflecting off the water making it almost blinding to look at it directly. Thankfully I had my glasses on. From the outside, I looked as if I could've been asleep, or being a dutiful parent keeping a watchful eye on my child. Truthfully, I was staring at her. Long luscious locks of mahogany hair that glinted with red highlights under the sun, golden skin and shapely legs that I longed to feel wrapped around my waist. It was all I saw when I looked at her. It was all I could think about when she was anywhere near me and she was always near me. For the last three months I've had a perpetual hard-on and I was going out of my mind. I didn't want to bring her with us as we took our annual trip to Aruba, but Jess insisted that we needed her. Which, when translated from Jess-speak, meant that she didn't want to be bothered being a parent to our son, Emmett. Sadly it made sense, she never wanted to parent. That's why Bella was the third nanny we've had for him since he was born. She was also the first one I ever wanted to fuck senseless. From day one I wanted her. She was different from the other nannies. She was still in school, young and innocent as the day she was born. I had no idea if that last part was true, but in my fantasies as I rammed my cock deep inside her, it was so very true. She was also beautiful, wonderful to Em and a great person in general. Still, I wanted to fuck her six ways to Sunday and seeing her in that tiny tiny blue bikini didn't help the hard-on I was trying to cover up as I watched her. There was a small part of me that knew it was wrong, that she was too young, I was too married, even if it was in name only, and a million and one other reasons. But all reason went out the window when I spent most of my time around her with all my blood pooled in my dick. So I did what every red-blooded male would do, I ordered another beer from a passing cabana boy and continued to perv on the nanny. Later that night, I was in the living room of our three-bedroom suite, hand down my pants and porn streaming on my iPad. Emmett was on some over-night kid's adventure the resort offered. He begged to go and I couldn't help but to give into him. Jess was at some all-night meditation thing to find God, Buddha or finally be called home to the mothership. Either way, I was alone and indulging in some self-loving. My eyes were riveted to the fuck hot action of the distinguished gentleman giving it good to the babysitter who was kind enough to bend over as alternative payment for her services. My hand worked furiously over my aching dick. It was too easy to substitute Bella and me for what I was watching. Her name spilled from lips in low moans as I imagined how hot and wet she'd feel as I fucked her from behind. With my fantasy better than the porn, I dropped the iPad and closed my eyes. I could see her smooth back, bent over the couch, her tits swayed back and forth as I fucked her hard. Our skin slapped and sweat beaded on my forehead as I worked her over. My hands would be fisted in her hair, her neck arched as she pushed back onto me all while begging me for more. "Oh, Mr. Cullen!" "Yeah, you like that, baby? You feel so good, Bella." "Oh, Mr. Cullen!" Her scent of vanilla and sun swirled around me so realistically; it was the final straw. I gave several hard and fast jerks as my orgasm zinged through my body. "Bella!" I groaned as I came all over my stomach. A startled gasp had me opening my eyes to see Bella, in the flesh, staring at my hand which was still around my sticky and semi- hard cock. Her eyes were wide, her skin colored with an adorable blush while her chest heaved. "Oh, Bella! Fuck! I'm… oh, God…" I tried to push my dick back into my pants, but with a jizz covered hand, all I ended up doing was smearing it all over. I grabbed the nearest pillow and covered my junk. I wracked my brain, trying to find the right words, but there was no standard protocol for your real life fantasy walking in while you're jerking off. "I'm so…" "Was that…" We both spoke at once in our haste to attempt to get out of our sticky situation. Pun so intended. I opened my mouth to try to explain away anything she may have seen, but my attention was drawn to her perfect mouth; her perfect lip caught between her teeth. Her eyes moved back and forth between my face and the pillow hiding the evidence of my debauchery. "I'm so sorry, Bella. That was inappropriate of me." My words were whispered, but in the deafening silence of the room, they were heard loud and clear. "Were you thinking of me?" My eyes snapped to her face where instead of disgust I saw curiosity and maybe a little longing. Her question held no malice, but there was no easy way for me to answer. If I said yes, I was the perverted older man lusting after the nanny. If I said no, well, I was just lying to her face. I was fairly certain she heard and saw me call her name as I came hard. It was a lose-lose situation for me. "Because if you were," she took a step closer to me, her tiny pink tongue moistening her lips, "that's fucking hot!" Wait… what? My jaw dropped and I could only stare at her. In an instant, gone was the innocent girl and in her place, a tempting seductress. A lone finger teased an already prominent nipple through the tight lacey tank top she wore. Her other hand caressed her thigh as she walked over to where I was sitting and sat down next to me. Her intoxicating scent washed over me and my dick twitched in response. Nothing was making sense and I was fairly certain my brain was short-circuiting. "I've seen how you've looked at me, lusting after me, undressing me with your eyes. I've felt your eyes on every inch of my skin." Her voice took on a low, sultry quality and I was drawn toward her like a magnet was to the North Pole. "I know, I'm sorry…" She placed a finger on my lips. "Don't apologize. I loved it." "What?" It was the only semi-coherent thing I could to say. "I've seen how she treats you, like you're nothing to her. I know you don't sleep in the same room and I know you haven't slept together since before Emmett was born." My face must have shown my confusion as to how she could've known all this. "She treats me as if I don't exist, therefore she never notices whether I'm around or not when she's talking to her friends. Plus, I'm friends with Mrs. Denali's nanny. The help likes to talk. We know things." "You're not the help, Bella." Her eyes dilated further as her name rolled off my tongue. "No, you've never treated me like the help, Mr. Cullen. In fact, you've made me feel desired. And I want to do the same for you." With that, she flicked the pillow off my lap and lifted herself until she was straddling me. In a blink of an eye, she'd whipped off her tank top and I was eye to eye with the prettiest pair of tits I had seen in a long time. "Bella," I moaned unsure if I was trying to protest or begging. "We… I…" She brought her face closer to mine, her shining brown eyes stared boldly into mine. "Tell me right now you don't want me. Tell me right now you don't want me to slide my pussy down your hard cock and I'll leave and we'll never speak of this again." I tried, I honest to God tried to tell her I didn't want her, but my dick twitched uncontrollably under her covered pussy and my eyes kept straying her hard rose colored nipples. My mouth watered with undiluted desire to suck on them until she came. "Fuck!" I pulled her down and kissed her hard, my control snapping like an overstretched rubber band. My free hand played with her breasts, kneading, twisting, and pulling as my tongue danced with hers. There was nothing slow or sweet about any of it, it was raw and primal. Her hand snuck down between us and began to stroke me hard and fast. In no time I was rigid and aching and she took full advantage of it. When I felt her warm pussy on the tip of my dick I wrenched my mouth away from hers and watched as she slammed herself down on it. Her skirt was bunched at her waist, her head was thrown back and I couldn't believe what was happening. It felt like a dream, but the warmth and tightness of her pussy helped me realize this was no fantasy. She placed her hands on my shoulders to steady herself as she started to grind and bounce on my cock. My lips attacked her neck and collarbones, kissing, nipping and biting. The urge to mark her roared in my mind and I gave in, sinking my teeth into the supple flesh where neck and shoulder met. Bella's keening cries only fueled my desires. Placing my hands on her hips, I moved her faster on me, thrusting up with her every down stroke. She was tight, like a vice clamped around me and it drove me wild. The room was filled with the sound of our grunts. Both of us hyper-focused on finally giving into our desires. Hands pushed and pulled, lips nipped and kissed whatever skin we could find. It was frenetic and somewhere in the deep recesses of my mind I knew I'd never get enough of her. "So, close," she panted in my ear. Her erratic thrusts a testament to how close she was. Wanting to see her fall apart before I came, my hand slid between us. When I began to flick her swollen clit, Bella screamed as she clenched tightly around me as she came. The rhythmic pulsing of her pussy walls triggered my own orgasm and my scream melded with hers. White lights sparked behind my closed eyelids as my entire body sizzled with sexual energy. When the last waves of Bella's orgasm had subsided, she collapsed on top of me, her warm body boneless as she sunk into my arms. No words were spoken, instead, I listened as our breathing slowed and our hearts calmed to a more normal rhythm. I didn't want to acknowledge how right and perfect she felt in my arms. But it was impossible to ignore. Sex had never been like that with anyone. Not with Jess or any girl who came before. Don't get me wrong, the sex was good. But not the mind-blowing, I can't live without it kind. My mind already imagined bending her over the couch