Title of Story: Spineless Rating: M Pairing: Edward/Bella Genre: Angst Word Count: 5700 Story Summary: Every moment I'm here is spent creating damage, I realize: to her books, my marriage, our hopes and dreams. I'm pretty sure she never hoped to be the other woman, just as I never intended to be a cheater. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. *O*o*O* She was Bookish to me before I knew anything about her; before I knew her real name. Before she was Baby , and Sparkles , and " oh fuck, do that again". When she was the girl who ran the book group; the girl in the bookish clothes and the bookish glasses perched on her nose. Before she was mine. And things like mine and hers are impossible to discuss with her, because while she is mine, I'm not hers. "You started coming here to help your marriage?" Her face lights up and she laughs loudly. "And how's that working out for you?" The laughter fades as her eyes search my face, but a smile remains. Rising slowly, the guilt makes itself known. I shove it roughly aside, leaning in for another hit of the drug I've become so reliant on. Her. "Well I'm much happier at home now," I tell her, my lips curling up too as they touch hers. "Really? I call bullshit," she whispers, pulling back just a little. "Otherwise you wouldn't be here." "Did I say it wasn't you that was making me happier?" She jumps down from the table we just desecrated with our immoral coupling, picks up her underwear from the floor and pulls it back on beneath the skirt we never got around to removing, while I busy myself gathering the fallen books. The paper casualties of our passion. "You know you're going to put me out of business," she complains, crouching down to help me pick them up. "Half of these have creased covers and bent corners." "You want me to pay for the damage?" I ask, lifting my head and staring right at her. She smiles but can't hold my eye, looking away with a shake of her head. Every moment I'm here is spent creating damage, I realize: to her books, my marriage, our hopes and dreams. I'm pretty sure she never hoped to be the other woman, just as I never intended to be a cheater. I close the cover on the thought and push the volume back onto the shelf in the denial section of my brain. I have a while longer before I have to face up to reality. "What are you doing Saturday?" I ask her, as I stand. "Working. Duh." "Not during the day," I clarify, my tone telling her that of course I knew that. I reach out to straighten the hair I'm responsible for messing up. "B's away, she's not due back until late on Sunday." She takes a small step back, and a strange look crosses her face. I struggle to place it. Dread? Guilt? "I kind of have plans." "Okay." I drag the word out, and I nearly let the subject drop, but her reaction is off and I want to know why. " "Anything exciting?" I press. She fidgets and winces and I feel my heart speed up a little. "I'm going out with Rose. We're going to dinner." "Cancel," I whisper, pushing her back into the wall and pressing my mouth to hers. She flails her arms a little, then she slides them between us and pushes me away. "No." Her cheeks are flushed and there's a spark of annoyance in her eyes. "Please cancel." I'm pretty close to begging now and I don't even care. The thought of spending a whole night with her makes my stomach flip and my heart race. I want it for the most selfish of reasons, so much that I can't even feel bad about it. "I can't and I won't." "Why not?" She stops, rolling her eyes at the ceiling as she takes a breath deep enough to swell her chest. "It's a date. A double-date. Rose arranged it. Em's bringing his friend, I couldn't think of an excuse fast enough to refuse." A date. The part of my brain that deals with common sense knows that I have no room to be jealous. After all, every time she says goodbye to me she knows I'm going home to another woman; a woman who shares my bed, ten years worth of memories, and my name. Common sense, however, deals in facts, and everything to do with my bookish girl sets my emotions alight. Emotion and common sense are not easy bedfellows, and this is why the fact she has a date with someone else taps on my heart until hairline cracks appear. The knowledge she's choosing the date over spending the night with me and she wasn't going to tell me about it forges through those cracks, forcing them wider apart until I feel the ache deepen. "You're jealous." She says the words matter of factly, making me search her face to uncover her true feelings. Her head is tilted to the side and if anything she looks sad. "I should cancel." Taking a step back, she pauses as she frowns. "Should I cancel?" I laugh, just a little and only because the situation is ridiculous. "You're asking me to decide?" "You wanted me to cancel my plans, you said so before." "That was before I knew you were going on a date ." The word sounds mocking, although I never intended it to. I know instantly by the way she looks away that I've hurt her feelings. I feel bad but I don't let her know. After all, she's hurt mine too. "And that makes a difference?" "Of course it does. If you've decided you want to see other people, what right do I have to stop you? He could be the one. Your destiny. Your happy ever after ." I turn away, fighting the urge to hit something. "You're mocking me," she says. I don't think she's angry, more... disappointed, maybe. I feel bad, not only am I keeping her at arm's length by virtue of my marriage, now I'm denying her the chance to find someone who might not actually treat her like an asshole. Someone who might even be single. "You know, I don't even want to go on the stupid date. I owe Rosalie though, and it's all she's talked about all week." I sigh and let my shoulders slouch. "I'm not going to stop you from going." She scoffs and shakes her head at me, an incredulous look on her face. "As if you could. You have no say in my life, just like I have none in yours, remember? You think I've wanted to keep quiet these past three months about everything that goes on when you walk out my door? Have I said a single word to you about any of it?" I shake my head. "No," she continues, getting into her stride now. "Because that's not what we have going on here. Because it's none of my Goddamn business." She raises a hand to her forehead and closes her eyes. "Fuck. What the hell was I thinking, getting myself involved with a married man?" She's been… noble - if that's a term you can apply to a woman who's been sleeping with somebody else's husband - the entire time we've been together. She's never complained, or bitched, always just accepted my situation for what it is. This is the first time she's made me aware that she's got issues with it all, but clearly she does. And I know this is going to instantly complicate things. I can guarantee we just went from carefree fun to relationship drama in the space of five minutes. "I think you should leave now." I'm silent. Everything spiralled down so fast, I'm a little stunned. "Please don't make me go, I don't want to leave things like this." I'm trying not to sound as desperate as I feel, but I'm terrified if she sends me away now, she'll never let me back in. "Edward, just go." *O*o*O* "Tough day at work?" B slips her arms around my waist, turning me away from the bottle of whiskey and the glass I was about to pour it into. I wrap my hands around her arms and push them away with a sigh, turning back to the amber liquid and its unspoken promise to ease the pain in my chest. "Wow. I guess that's a yes." She's pissed, it's obvious from the bite in her voice. I guess I don't blame her, but she'd be a whole lot more pissed if she knew the real reason behind my bad mood. "Sorry," I say, not able to bring myself to look at her. I briefly consider fabricating an excuse and offering it up, but I decide I'm too drained to even bother. The way things turned around with Bookish earlier has shaken me up more than I'd realized. In my head my new girl has been someone I can walk away from at any time, but apparently my heart has other ideas. "What's with you lately?" B demands from somewhere behind me. I turn slowly, running a hand down my face. Not this. Not now. "Is it me? Is it something I did?" "No." I sigh. "It's not you." And it's not, because she hasn't changed a bit. Nothing about her or the things she does has changed in years. Maybe in my heart I know that's some of the problem. It's not her fault in any way, she loves me the same way she always has, but for some reason - and I hate myself for it - ever since I first laid eyes on Bookish, my wife's steady, reliable love is no longer enough. "Who then? Is there somebody else?" Her words are like a punch to the gut. I never thought her mind would go there. "What?" I turn on my most incredulous expression and stare at her, appalled, until she becomes flustered and backs away muttering an apology. I feel a stab of contempt for myself, who the hell have I become? "I'm going to take a bath," she tells me, glancing back over her shoulder once as she leaves the room. I look at the whiskey bottle then place it back in the cupboard. I deserve to feel every last bit of the pain. *O*o*O* My phone has become an instrument of torture. It either cries wolf, calling my attention to irrelevant notifications that make me sigh in frustration, or it taunts me with its deafening silence. "Rachel's just cancelled on me, I'll be home all weekend," B tells me on Friday night as she climbs into bed beside me and runs her fingers across my stomach. My thoughts flit to Bookish and I'm actually relieved she turned me down; the panic I'd have been feeling now would have had my blood pressure heading for the sky. In contrast, the relief flowing through me makes me relax more than I have all week, and I lean across and place a lingering kiss on B's lips. "I'm sorry I've been an ass the past few days," I tell her, pushing her dark hair back from her face. "It's okay." She's smiling a little as she watches me with gentle eyes. "It's not. Let me make it up to you." She giggles and lies back with a sigh of satisfaction as I let my mouth land on her neck and travel slowly down. *O*o*O* "I'm ready," B announces as she stalks into the living room in a pair of black high heels. She'd asked me which of two outfits she should wear tonight, and even though I chose the deep red dress, she's dressed in the