Hi, welcome to my new story! This is a combination between an original story I came up with and Percy Jackson. I hope you guys like it. But I doubt you'll like this first chapter Im uploading this early than planned because, I just want feedback, see if I'm wasting my time. I hope you enjoy this, please tell me your thoughts. This is not a one shot, I swear. But I hope you enjoy. lets begin! Nine years before. It was weird to say the least. For Percy one minute changed just about everything. Percy was too young to understand but that didn't stop him. The big kid was being being mean to the girl. He kept tripping her and laughing at the pretty blonde, tan girl. He didn't like the big kid at all, despite his obvious size and age disadvantage he yelled at him to stop. He was only a few feet away. The older kid said no with an evil smirk and told Percy to go run to his mommy. Percy didn't like it, so he just said to go away in a very stern voice for a three and a half year old and gently got up and offered the girl who looked about his age up. She took his hand and he ran away. The big kid glared, knowing if he followed it will just lead to big trouble, so he just went to his Mom and asked politely if they could leave. Percy and the girl fell by the slide in the sand and the girl thanked him and Percy asked if she wanted to play. She did and they built a huge sand castle, which was really a pile of sand and slightly dried mud. Percy at the time didn't understand why people could hop from one place to another in seconds without walking. He didn't understand why people could suddenly make food appear in their hand like it was always there. He didn't understand why there were people who had other people in strange clothes following them everywhere they went and constantly talked in their ear. He didn't understand why no one noticed the people running down a street to catch up with a bus with no one noticing or that they were there and then the next second they were gone. He didn't understand it but it was something he saw everyday, everywhere so he thought it was normal. Besides he liked the songs they sing when people are sad or crying. 'Gaurded human, Gaurded human, it pains me to see you like this but do not worry for when your alone and scared I'll always be here. Gaurded human, Gaurded human, do not be afraid for I am here.' It was cool in Percys eyes how people were so nice to others. But he still didn't get it. He just let it go since his attention span was so thin. But this day was different, a guy about twenty four years old stood by a shady tree with a bright smile on his face as he watched the two kids play and laugh. He had long neat, jet black hair, pale white skin, dark black eyes, and wearing almost all black. A black neat, clean coat that looked like it was from the American Revolution. A white undershirt, black pants and black boots. No one payed him attention, no one ever did but it didn't matter to him. His name was Henry but people called him blackjack. A patriot from the American Revolution, who died saving his best friend Raphael, (people called him rainbow)from a bullet that was going straight for his head. No one remembers him and that's fine by him because that's not what he really cared about. Two hundred years in the business and he still loves every moment of it, and he had found his next customer. He looked around for other free wings but found no one except him, which sucked. He remembers when he couldn't go five steps without bumping into another fellow dead friend but now he only knows a handful of people still in business. But he was slightly glad because that meant he was going to get the person he wants. faster than the speed of light he was infront of the little boy with black hair, natural tan skin, and strange green eyes. Percy didn't really care so he just ignored the guy and went on with his lump of a sand castle. Blackjack smiled and placed his hand on Percys head, which made Percy stiffen. "I give you my blessing and protection." Blackjack muttered under his breath and felt the same familiar link he got whenever he blessed someone. He was now apart of this kids subconscious for as long as the kid lived. Percy stopped talking to the girl he still didn't know the name of, (not that he cared) and looked up at blackjack with curious eyes but he just smiled, giggled and went back to the sand castle. Blackjack didn't know it at the time and won't for a couple hours but he found a very special human. Percy didn't understand who this guy was but he liked him so he just let him be. He was too young to get that now he had a person he never met following him everywhere, but in his three year old mind, there was nothing to fear. In his mind he found a friend, a lifelong friend he found indeed. four years before "I'm telling you blackjack! My Mom thinks I'm insane!" Percy screamed into his Finding Nemo pillow. Blackjack sat in Percy chair across the room and sharpened an old fashioned pencil with his hunting knife. "Percy, ya gotta be more specific." Blackjack said flatly. "Because half the time you are insane." Percy turned his head to look at the twenty four year old man that has been around for as long as Percy could remember. He had a hard glare on his face that made blackjack throw his hands up in mock surrender. "Mom is taking me to see some phy-phy-phy..." "phycologist." Black jack said slowly, amused and in a bit of a babyish voice, with a large smirk. "I know Percy, I was there." Percy sat on his bed and threw his pillow at Blackjack. It was a bad throw and it landed only two feet away from the bed. Blackjack shook his head and continued to sharpen his pencil. "Come on Blackjack!" Percy whined. "She thinks I'm insane! She thinks I have... whatever the long wor-" "Depression?" Blackjack guessed. "Yeah that! What is that by the way?" Percy turned his head in curiousity but Blackjack shook his head. "Nothing, Perce." "Well she thinks I have it and maybe about a gazillion other things!" Percy fell back onto his bed and a loud groan/yell of frustration. He huffed and was feeling pretty lousy and sad. Blackjack could feel Percy bad mood, literally but really didn't know what to do. Percy was the first clear sighted mortal he's ever guarded, he really doesn't think the normal ways to make him feel better would work. "Blackjack? Do you think I'm crazy?" Blackjack stopped dead in his tracks and he felt his throat clog up. "No?" Blackjack flinched internally because even to him it sounded more like a question. Oh Zeus help me, Blackjack thought to himself. Percy lifted his head up, he had big sad eyes. Percy felt like crying, his best friend besides Annabeth thought he was crazy. He turned so his back was to his friend and covered his face with one of blankets. "No Perce, that's not what I meant." Blackjack was starting to get teary eyed but he couldn't cry himself, Percy has to cry in order for him to cry. "Percy please stop crying, I don't think your crazy like you deserve to be thrown into a mental hospital." Tears started to leak from blackjack eyes and he knew from the growing feeling in his chest that Percy was angry and sad at him. "Percy, I don't think you should go to that Doctor." Blackjack decided on. From the way Blackjack suddenly felt curious, he knew he got Percys attention. Gods this kid is so much harder to deal with . Blackjack thought. No wonder no one likes clear sighted mortals . "I really, really, really don't. But kid, ya gotta admit you aren't normal." Blackjack used his coat to wipe his eyes, while Percy pulled the blankets down a little and peeked through. "Yeah, because apparently I still have imaginary friends, when I don't. Because apparently you don't exist. Because apparently no one can see you but me!" Percy sat up again and started turning red. "Blackjack I'm sick of that, why can't anyone else see you!" Blackjack flinched and groaned, running his fingers threw his hair. "You're too young..." "But why!?" Percy screamed. Percy mother stopped outside Percys bedroom and pulled her ear to the door. Blackjack banged his head against the table. He could feel Percys frustration and anger or maybe that was him because he couldn't tell Percy, not yet. "Perce, it's complicated." "But why!? I can take it! Why can't anyone see you!?" Percy was starting to feel helpless. His second best friend kept secrets from him, his mother thought he was insane. He didn't feel right. "Stop Percy," blackjack hissed. "Do you want the whole building to hear you?" This just made Percy even more angry. "I don't care! I don't care! Why can I only see you!? Or am I really crazy!? Do I belong in a mental hospital, blackjack?! Because I'm starting to think I do!" Percy was getting teary eyed again, blackjack quickly whipped his tears away. Percys mother, Sally, gulped in fear. She didn't want to do anything too dramatic but kids always seem to get rid of their imaginary friends by five, but percy still saw his friend blackjack and she was afraid there might be some medical condition involved, but now she's afraid it was going deeper into Percys subconscious. "Gosh darn it Percy stop yelling, stop screaming and stop crying. You know how much I hate it." Blackjack muttered. "Look kid, you're too young, period. I'll tell you when you're older, okay? But for right now we need to make some boundaries or else you will end up in a mental institution and quite honestly I didn't not want to step the rest of your life sitting in a padded room." Percy knew when Blackjack got like this he won't win. Ever. Period. So he just glared at Blackjack and crossed his arms and muttered a whatever. Blackjack told him his conditions. Told him what to do and what not to do. Percy objected to most of it, or all of it. He didn't understand and most likely never would have on his own. "But I don't wanna do that blackjack! I like talking to you!" Percy yelled. Blackjack clamped his hand over Percys mouth and glared right at Percy. "I said don't be so loud Percy!" Blackjack shouted. "I don't exist unless I say so, understand? Don't speak to me, don't look at me, don't so match as smile at something I said, completely ignore me. If you try to, then I'll ignore you, got it? Don't shout at me when we are by ourselves, don't yell, don't scream and don't cry when I do something you don't like. I don't exist and our conversations from now are completely secret. Understand?" Percy shook his head, making blackjacks hand fall from Percys mouth. "No," Percy said stubbornly. "I don't get it, but whatever. I mean it's not like you ever tell me anything about anything else." Blackjack felt so bad, he could feel Percy anger and pain but he really couldn't do anything. Percy really was to young, he wouldn't understand. "One day Percy." Blackjack ruffled Percys hair