Disclaimer: SM owns all things Twilight. It's her world; I'm just visiting. Massive thanks to Nuttyginger, Jess, and rosellebec for their pre-reading and beta work on this! A/N: First-timer, so please be gentle. This story is personal to me. It will be mostly fluff, a splash (okay, maybe a quart) of citrus, possibly a pinch of angst, and a little drama - hopefully all the stuff we love about fanfiction. (Well, except slash, BDSM...you get the idea.) And don't worry...this IS ExB :) (If you'd prefer to skip the lemon in this chapter, I understand. ;) I'll mark the start of it with a line break) Enjoy! See you at the bottom. Chapter 1 September 13, 2002 Ugh, how did I let this happen? I shake my head as I look out over the writhing mass of bodies in front of me - Nelly's Hot in Here inspiring most of them to rub up against one another. Strangely, I'm both repulsed and amused at the same time. For some reason, I let Alice - my crazy cousin, who's also my roommate - talk me into letting her take me out for my 24th birthday. I must have been out of my mind. We're at a dance club. Two things wrong with this picture: one, I don't dance, and two, I hate clubs. I always feel like I'm on display for all the horny guys on the prowl for a quick drunken fuck. Yeah, no thanks. Don't get me wrong. I could definitely use a good "roll in the hay." Wait. Roll in th- What am I, ninety? It's clearly been way too long. I lost my virginity exactly four years ago, on my 20th birthday, only to enter into a long-as-fuck dry spell. Pun fucking intended. What sucks the most about this seemingly never-ending dry spell is that I really enjoy sex, to the point of almost being insatiable. I wasn't too surprised to discover that about myself, since I'm no stranger to self-love. But it's just a whole other ballgame when another person is helping you reach that peak with their entire body. Hands roaming, lips exploring, hips thrusting... And the strange part is that I have a feeling the one and only guy I've slept with wasn't even that great in bed. He just got lucky that I'm extremely easy to please. Mike 'Douchebag' Newton, as I lovingly call him, was a real winner. Soon after spending a sex-filled weekend with him, I discovered he only wanted my virginity as a trophy before he went back to whatever circle of hell he came from. Arizona, if I remember correctly. In some ways, I hate him for doing this to me. I hate that he was the one who took my innocence, but even more than that, I hate that he gave me a taste of something I now crave. My friend, Jake, always says that 'girls can have sex whenever they want.' We supposedly hold all the power. I guess that's true to some extent. It's definitely true if you can separate emotions from sex and want to give it up to any random dude you meet in a bar. But I just can't bring myself to do that. Sometimes, I really wish I could. "Alice, can we please just go home?" I practically whine. "Seriously, this is so not my scene. My computer is calling my name ." Oh, yeah. I'm a total gamer geek, but you'd never guess by looking at me - or so I'm told. "Bella, shut it. You just need to get some alcohol in you and loosen up a bit. Your beloved computer will still be there in a few hours." Her eyes roll so far back in her head, that for a second she looks like she's having a seizure. "And we look hot, so there's no way I'm letting you go home and sit in front of your damn screen all night where no one will even see you!" Her voice has risen in pitch, and she's almost screeching, and yeah...Alice is pissed. I mumble something about it being called a monitor, not a screen. "What?" she snaps. "Never mind. Sorry, I'll try to relax. These places just make me uncomfortable. You're right, though. We need drinks." I head to the bar and get us some Malibu and pineapple. When I return to Alice, she does not look happy with my choice. "You need something stronger than that, Bella," she protests, pointing her little finger at the drink I'm about to start sipping. "No I don't," I respond, rolling my eyes. "You know I'm a total lightweight. I don't want to get completely trashed." "Bella, it's your birthday! Freaking live a little, will ya?" She tosses her hands up in the air and takes off toward the bar. Shit. Alice comes back a few minutes later with two big, fat Long Island Iced Teas. Oh. Holy. Lord. "Aaalice…" "Bellaaa…" "That's like, the strongest drink you could have possibly ordered," I complain, looking at the offending glass as if it's going to bite me. "I doubt that, but it doesn't matter. You need to have fun tonight, and I know you'll have fun if you drink a few of these bad boys!" "A few, Alice? Are you crazy?" Why even ask? Of course she's crazy. She drank an entire bottle of vanilla vodka by herself at our last New Year's party; then proceeded to dance on our dining room table and start stripping. I had to drag her ass to bed and stay up to make sure she didn't choke on her puke after she passed out. I couldn't hold it against her too much though, since she had just turned 21 that December. Unsurprisingly, she treats my questions rhetorically and plucks my "girly drink" out of my hand, just as I'm about to take another sip. "Alice, I did pay for those you know. We might as well drink them too," I say dejectedly, because I know I'm going to lose this drink debate. In fact, I lose most debates when it comes to Alice now that I think about it. Bitch. "Don't worry, before long we won't be buying our own drinks anyway. Like I said, we look hot!" she yells over the music pulsing through the club. She speaks the truth, I'll admit. We both have on dark jeans, sparkly halter tops, and sky high stilettos. Yeah, Alice dressed me. I'm not sure how she talked me into the heels, but they do make my ass and legs look great. And since I don't dance, I'm really hoping for zero face-plants tonight. I'm not what one would call graceful. ~XXXXX~ About an hour and four drinks later, I'm in the middle of the aforementioned repulsively amusing mass, with my ass up against one of the guys who bought us our third and fourth drinks. Wait, didn't I say I don't dance? He has blue eyes…I think, and I've always had a bit of a weakness for blue eyes. Well, any light eyes really, because mine are dark brown. Boring. His hands are all over me - mainly my ass. And I'm feeling good, so I don't mind so much. Alice has some giant of a guy all up in her kool-aid, and it's pretty hilarious to watch. She's literally at least a foot shorter than him, but he's hunched down as far as he can go and grinding against her like there's no tomorrow. We finally make our way back to one of the little tables off to the side, and of course the guys follow us. We've been letting them grope us for the last half hour, so it's no surprise. I'm giggling like an idiot, because I've seriously had way more to drink than I've probably ever had in my life. "Whas yer name again?" Woah, slurring…lovely. "Demetri, and that's my roommate, Felix, remember?" He points to the guy still hunched over Alice, who's giggling as he whispers in her ear. Excessive giggling is not a good sign. Thank God we took a cab here. "Oh yeah!" I say a little too enthusiastically, and Demetri just laughs at me. I sway a little, and he grabs my elbow to steady me. I just look at him for a minute, trying to focus on his face. I think he's good-looking, but since there're two of him at the moment, it's hard to tell. "You are so beautiful," he says to me as he tucks a piece of my wild, wavy hair behind my ear. I look down at the floor, blush, and giggle again, because I'm really not used to compliments like that. I've always felt pretty plain. When I look back up at him, he's closer than he was just a second ago. At least, I think he is. His breath is warm on my face. Definitely. Closer. I think he might kiss me. I can kiss a random guy, right? It is my birthday after all. I turn my head to where Alice is, and it looks like Felix is trying to eat her face. Gross. As I turn back to Demetri with a sigh, he closes the distance between us and brings his lips to mine. Warm, wet. Nice. I sigh again, and he deepens the kiss, resting one hand low on my back while the other moves up into my hair. Demetri kisses and sucks on my lips, occasionally stroking my tongue with his. It's been a while for this too, so I'm thoroughly enjoying the feelings he's evoking in me. He pulls me closer, and his arousal presses against my stomach. I brazenly ghost my hand over the front of his jeans - stupid Long Island Iced Teas - and he hisses into my mouth. Okay, that was kind of hot. Next thing I know, Alice is pulling me toward the exit. Apparently, we're close to the guys' apartment, so we all stumble to their place. As soon as we're in the door, Alice and Felix disappear into his bedroom. Traitors. It's okay though, because I've decided Demetri is going to break my dry spell. Fuck it. I'm 24 years old. I deserve some sexing. We're still standing in the living room, and he pulls me close to him again. I teeter a little on my heels and look into his eyes. Unfortunately, my brain-to-mouth filter has drowned in alcohol, so I say the first thing that comes to mind. "You have eyes like the sea after a storm." The Princess Bride, Swan? Really? He just chuckles at me and caresses my cheek with the back of his hand. "Is tha yer room?" I slur-ask, pointing to the closed door next to Felix's. Demetri doesn't say anything. He just grabs my hand and pulls me toward said door. Once we're inside, he's all over me. He smells good: clean and a little woodsy mixed with alcohol. I start unbuttoning his shirt and licking his chest. When did I start licking guys' chests? Oh well, whatever. He seems to like it. After pushing his shirt off his shoulders, I run my hands over them. I have a thing for shoulders and arms. Apparently, Demetri has a thing for my ass, because his hands are on it again. He's squeezing me through my jeans, and I'm kissing his neck. Pulling back, I quickly lift my shirt off over my head. I didn't wear a bra tonight, because my top really wouldn't accommodate one. Plus, my breasts aren't huge, so it's not that big of a deal. It's obvious he likes them though, because he's staring intently. You know how sometimes you get to the point where you just crave physical contact? That intense need to feel someone else's body pressed against your own, skin on skin? After four years of no boyfriends (a tendency to play video games for hours on end and douchebag-induced