A/N: I've been waiting a long time to post this one. Several of my sweet friends read it last year, but I needed to finish some other stuff first. This story was born purely from my love of sports, especially football. I'm not sure how I got so lucky as to convince my lovely friend to beta this story, too. Thank you, Windgirl810. You are a rock star. :) I also talked three great friends into prereading/editing: Littlecat358, Tennesseelamb, and Michelle0526. I think you ladies all read this multiple times. Many, many thanks. Thanks for reading! BPOV "Nooooo," I groan as I hear the alarm. It's way too freaking early. Why did I agree to this crazy plan? Slitting one eye open enough to locate the clock, I press the snooze button. Ah, silence… and nine more minutes of sleep. The fourth time the alarm blares, I know I really have to get up. Grunting quietly, I roll out of bed, and then use a combination of squinting and feeling my way along the wall to stumble to the kitchen. I skim my hands across the cold, smooth tile of the countertop until I find the coffee pot. Since I loaded it last night, all I have to do now is turn it on. As soon as it gurgles to life, I bend forward at the waist, laying my entire upper body on the counter while I wait. I may or may not be moaning quietly every time I exhale. Okay, I am. This crack-of-dawn job is so not a good idea. Realistically, I know I'm being a big baby. I used to pull a worse shift than this one. But I was 22 then; now I'm almost 26. Yawning, I crack one eye open to peek at the coffee's progress and sigh disgustedly. Not even enough for one cup yet. "Goddamn slow-ass thing," I mumble crankily. Later today, I'm going to Target and buying a coffee maker with an automatic timer. The coffee will be brewed by the time I have to get up tomorrow. A minute later, the liquid finally reaches the two-cup line and I quickly grab the pot to fill up my stainless steel travel mug. After replacing the carafe, I take a tentative first swallow from my mug, testing the temperature. "Mmmm," I moan, in ecstasy this time instead of agony. It's perfect. I snap the lid on, and then sip my elixir repeatedly until I feel the warmth invade my veins. My body knows this means it's time to wake the hell up. Holding my mug with both hands, I shuffle slowly back down the hallway to the bathroom. After turning on the shower, I set my mug down long enough to pull off the t-shirt and underwear I wore to bed, dropping them where I stand. I pick up my coffee, pause to kick my dirty clothes toward the hamper in the corner, and then open the door to step into the small, steamy shower. Leaning my head back under the spray, I remember how I always used to shower with a cup of coffee in my hand. I haven't done it in a few years – not since the last time I worked a shift that requires me to be awake when almost everyone else is asleep – but it's strangely comforting to me to do it again. It's like an old friend, reminding me that I'll survive this horror. Jeez, I'm a dramatic bitch this early in the morning . Lots of people go to work this early. I'm sure I'll get used to it. It's not forever anyway. I've been assured that I'll be back to my regular mid-day shift within a few months. By the time I finish, I'm much more awake. I dry off and dress quickly in khaki Bermuda shorts and a plain blue t-shirt. Checking the time, I realize I'm going to have to put it in high gear now or I'll be late. I brush my teeth, leaving the toothbrush in my mouth as I hurriedly rub lotion on my arms and legs. I put on mascara that makes my eyelashes look long and curly, but don't fuss with any other makeup except a little bronzer and pale pink lip gloss. Then I grab my favorite Mariners ball cap out of the closet and pull my long, wet hair through the hole in the back. I slide my watch onto my left wrist, snap the clasp, and check my reflection in the dresser mirror. I'm ready. After stopping in the kitchen to refill my mug and switch off the coffeepot, I grab my backpack – containing both my laptop and my research for this morning's show – and my car keys and am out the door by 5:05….a fucking m. Apparently, I'm dramatic and foul-mouthed this early in the day. I skid into the pre-show meeting at 5:29 – one entire minute early, thank you. I try not to look too smug as I take a seat at the small, round table in the station's lounge. "Wow. Thanks for dressing up, Swan," Emmett says sarcastically from his seat across from me. "Shut up. I'm wearing almost the same exact thing as you," I retort, sticking my tongue out at him. We really are dressed very similarly. Both of us are wearing shorts, t-shirts and hats. Only our footwear differs; flip flops for me, running shoes for him. "Yeah, but you're a girl," he smirks. "Don't you care about how we look at you? Are you content to just be one of the guys?" Emmett McCarty and I have been close friends for several years, and one of his favorite pastimes is teasing me, trying to goad me into a reaction that involves me either yelling at him or punching him. But 5:30 a.m. is definitely too early for teasing. Or… maybe he's hit a little too close to home. I flip him off – internally pissed at myself for feeding his reaction addiction – and then turn my attention to the papers Newton is laying in front of us. Mike Newton is, in a word, an idiot. He's the producer on Emmett's morning show – and he doesn't like me very much. The feeling is entirely mutual. He's an overbearing, know-it-all jackwagon, and when I started as an intern at the station five years ago, he repeatedly asked me out. The first time, I laughed so hard I almost fell down. He doesn't possess any of the qualities I look for in potential dates: sense of humor, good personality, general affability. After three weeks of near-daily asking, I finally told him that it just wasn't going to happen. Since that day, Newton and I have had a hate/hate relationship. We don't usually have to deal with each other since he produces the morning show and I'm on afternoons, but until they find a new co-host for Emmett, we're stuck with each other. Newton knows that I am saving his ass by agreeing to this plan, but he hasn't expressed any gratitude about it. I'm hoarding that ammunition for a day when I really need it though. Neither Newton nor Emmett needs to be reminded right now that Emmett's former co-host was arrested early last week in downtown Seattle – busted for DUI and possession of a whole lot of coke. The station owners were furious about the negative publicity KSST received, and they blamed Newton for not knowing what was going on. I heard through the station's gossip chain that he almost lost his job before Emmett approached the head honchos with his idea to bring me on the morning show for a while as a fill-in. The afternoon show I co-host with Riley Biers is the station's most listened-to program, and they're hoping that a familiar voice added to Emmett's will help the audience forget about what happened last week. By the time Newton is three sentences in to his "vision" for this morning's show, I've tuned him out. Propping my chin in my left hand, I pick up a pen with my right and doodle in the margin of Newton's handout. Even though I don't want to, I go back to thinking about what Emmett said. Am I content to be one of the guys? No, not really, although that's what I end up being most of the time. I haven't dated anyone for longer than a month in a couple of years. I keep telling myself that I just haven't met the right guy. That it's not me. But what if it is? I go on a lot of first dates. When guys meet me, they think I must be a great catch. I'm no international beauty, but my face is okay and I have a decent body. Then there's my job. A woman who watches and talks about sports for a living. A woman who loves going to football and baseball games… who can get good tickets… who even knows some of the players. Every guy's fantasy, right? Right. Until they go out with me and regurgitate whatever opinions they've heard on SportsCenter or another radio show. And that's fine. I don't mind that. What I mind is the part that comes next...where they get offended if I don't agree. It almost always ends the same way, with some version of "girls don't know anything about sports". When they don't call again, I'm usually relieved. I feel like I've tried them all: The sporties who think they could have played pro, the hardcore fans who blindly adore anyone who plays pro, the casual fans who think teams overpay for the pros. Then I decided maybe I should stay away from guys who like sports altogether. So I tried the corporate guys who are constantly busy... and usually too uptight for me. I tried the tech geeks who were frustrated by my lack of interest in the latest mega-giga-itoucheditfirst-pad. I even tried the shipyard guys. They were fun, but liked to party a little too much for me. I go on a bender one or twice a year, not once or twice a week. Maybe there is something wrong with me. I haven't had a really serious boyfriend since junior year of college – four years ago. When he broke up with me, he accused me of not being fully committed to him. And he was right; I wasn't. Sometimes I wonder if I'm even capable of having a relationship like that. My parents certainly weren't at my age, which is why I grew up with just my dad. Both of my parents are in solid marriages now, but earlier in life, they were each happier alone. I contemplate for a few more minutes as Newton continues to yammer about… something. When he releases us only five minutes before we go on the air, I narrow my eyes at him, and then rush to the ladies room. When I enter the small, newly-remodeled studio two minutes later, Emmett is already seated at the far end of the black, rectangular table that fills most of the room. Six microphones on adjustable arms extend from the center of the table, each pointed toward one of the chairs situated around it. "You gonna run the board every day?" I ask, shutting the door behind me. I already know the answer – Emmett's very territorial about the small sound board in front of him. "Yeah, if it's okay with you," he replies, looking up at me. "I like to do the sound drops. But Newton does the mixing from the booth." At the mention of my nemesis, I pause mid-stride to glance at Newton through the window into the control room. He smiles haughtily at me, so I assume he's listening to the conversation. I glare back at him. "Sure. You know, Sam is an awesome producer," I answer, keeping my eyes on Newton as I