Authors' Note: Here begins our tale with the neurotic Sinda... Disclaimer: Master Tolkien owns all save for the unbalanced Carmelor and Aravilui. Undesired Travels... Bring Unexpected Friendships As I walk under the trees of my home, I often wonder how stories could persist of danger and terror here in Eryn Lasgalen. Most of the forest is bright and full of life; birds, squirrels, deer, insects and all forms of life thrive throughout my home. Most of the darkness as been banished to around Dol Guldur and even there it is fading. For the first time in my rather short life, I can safely walk alone and unarmed a day's journey from the king's stronghold in the caves. I live in a talan, as do those in Lothlorien. In fact, I do so only because I remember Prince Legolas speaking of these tree dwellings after he had returned from the journey of the Fellowship. I have always loved the forest and wandering far from the stronghold. That's why I joined the Patrols against my parents' wishes, the youngest Elf to do so in many long years. I am only hundred and fifty years old, barely an adult as we count things and still, though I have often proven myself, I am considered too young to be risking my immortal life as I do. So many times I have heard people say that I will soon find myself in the Halls. That thought does not frighten me, though I do not wish to die. Far from it; I love life, but I feel almost driven to protect the home and people I love, even if it means laying down my life. This calling, especially for someone at my young age, sets me apart. However, that is not all that separates me. I am unbearably shy, to the point that I am incapable of speaking to a stranger. I have never even seen someone who was not a Silvan Elf, and I can not even speak to them. It was ten years before I was even able to truly speak to the other members of my patrol. When fighting, I have no difficulty calling for help or calling warnings, but once the danger has passed shy and silent I become once more. I have been nicknamed dae faron, 'shadow hunter', by my patrol for my learned ability to move so silently even Elves have difficulty hearing me. I have learned that if someone does not know I am there, I will not have to force myself to speak, or stand still and make myself look foolish. I am going to Imladris soon. Since I joined the Patrols thirty years ago, I have taken no break or ever paused in my duties unless forced, so my captain has decided I need to leave the forest and relax. I dislike this idea intensely. So many strangers and of Races I have only ever heard of! I am frightened, but King Thranduil has ordered me personally, so I know that I must go. He has ordered myself as well as three others to supposedly deliver some messages; to his son Legolas in Ithilien, to King Elessar in Gondor and to Imladris. We all know it is to hopefully give us a chance to relax. I wonder; do I really look as though I need rest from this job I love? I have no desire to leave. I should return home; the Sun has set, taking her light with her, and it grows dark under these thick trees. Some branches rustle and I snap my attention upward, wondering if perhaps there are still spiders here. A black squirrel shows itself and chatters at me, making me laugh. Frightened of a squirrel! Perhaps it is wise for me to relax and calm my high-strung nerves. But couldn't I remain here, in my home? Shaking my head, I return to my talan, and my packing. We leave tomorrow when the Sun first spills her bright rays across Middle Earth. I am frightened; what will it be like out there? I have never been outside my forest, only to the borders. With a heavy sigh, I finish my packing and go to bed, dreading the coming day. We left early this morning, traveling down the old Forest Path; I am braiding back my hair this very moment. I woke barely in time to leave without being left behind. We have yet to leave the trees and already I miss home. We walk silently, though I would remain so even if the others were speaking. They are strangers to me and I find that the words stick in my throat. They do not seem to remember that I am here behind them except that occasionally one will look behind to see if I am still following. 'King Thranduil gave me a direct order; do you think I will disobey him?' I grow tempted to ask but my sense overcomes the urge. Upstart whelps like me should be seen but never heard. This I learned long ago and the lesson is deeply ingrained now. I shall ever be an upstart whelp, which I suppose I understand. I am the youngest Patrol member by many centuries and will doubtless never have anyone join younger than I was when I joined. For several days it is like this; silent as they do not wish to talk, and I cannot talk even if I wished to. The trees are thinner now; we are reaching the border after several days and will soon enter that which is so unknown and so frightening. Again I wish to return and so I lengthen my stride; perhaps if I leave and just keep going, I can do this. The tree line comes too soon, and suddenly there are no trees. It's so strange to me; I thought the trees would fade out more gradually than that. The line, and the land beyond, are so unnatural and bother me, but more than that is the empty sky. I force myself to keep going without a pause, as I see the others do ahead of me. I will not let them know how uncomfortable I am. One looks back at me with a brow raised and gestures me forward. I guess he wants me to come up so he can talk to me. I swallow with my mouth suddenly dry and my stomach feeling like it has disappeared and come to walk next to him, fixing my pack on my shoulder. "We all know how uncomfortable you are with this," he says softly, "But you do not need to pretend that you are unconcerned." As usual, I do not respond. The words would not leave my throat anyway. He puts a hand on my shoulder and looks me in the eye. It strikes me that I am taller than most of the others despite being so much younger. "If you are uncomfortable, you may return." I unstick my throat and shake my head. "There is only one way to get comfortable with leaving home, and that is to do so," I manage to say. He smiles and nods, acceptance and approval I think, and we keep traveling silently. Again I want to point out that I was given the order by King Thranduil himself, likely on the request of my captain, but I hold my tongue. No point in needless spite. The sooner we reach Imladris, the sooner I can return to my beloved woods. We continue traveling through this empty land. Wait... perhaps it is not as empty as I thought. I can see grass waving, naturally, as I imagine the Sea might, but also I see a rabbit hopping through the grass, nibbling occasionally. Through the rustling of the grass I hear small mice hunting for seeds as well. A hawk wings through the sky and stoops, rising with a mouse held fast. I feel pity for the mouse; it did not expect to die so swiftly, but a swift death is better by far than many, so my pity quickly fades. My thoughts drift to home. I could look over my shoulder and still easily see home, but I fight the urge. It would be foolish to tempt myself. Will Imladris have trees? I doubt they will have as many as I would like, but... what do I know of Imladris? All are welcome, I know, and rest, song, food, or comfortable silence are all easy to find. Work I know is forbidden to me, since I am coming to rest. If it was learned that I went on patrols anyway-! Perish the thought! I shudder and draw confused expressions from my companions but I give no explanation and they do not ask for one. So, to decide what to do with the week I will be expected to stay. Sleep, perhaps, and listen to the stories and song. I am young and still like stories anyway, in the same way mortal children do. As I start wondering what food will be like, anything to keep from thinking about the PEOPLE who will be there, I realize I have not eaten today, and the Sun is high in the sky. I had not noticed the movement of her rays from the back of my head to the top. I try to say something and the words stick again. Curse it! Why is it I am so unable to even speak? To my relief, another points out that it would be wise to rest and eat. We had started quite early this morning and could use a moment's pause to rest our feet. Gratefully I sink to the ground and find some dried fruit in my pack. Truly I need only to break my fast and do not wish to eat lembas unless I must. I eat more than enough on patrol, enough that I have grown tired of it. Again I realize the wisdom of this action, but still wonder why I had to leave home. Could I not relax just as well back home in my talan? We finish eating and depart, continuing through this day until we all wish to rest, as we have every day since leaving. Tomorrow we reach the Mountains, and four days later, if we travel at about this pace or a little slower, and we will reach Imladris. I hear it takes much longer for mortals to travel from King Thranduil's fortress to Imladris, but we Elves travel faster than most other races are capable of. I tire sooner than the others, but do not speak. I will push myself past my limits, but I refuse to admit weakness. They think little of me as it is. Finally, after the Sun has set, we stop to sleep. I take first watch and before I know it, the Sun has risen again. I never stopped my vigilance, but I lost track of time. I silently wake the others and take their berating without a sound. One night's lost sleep will not harm me. Better to let them rest anyway... perhaps I will be ignored more this day. My wish is in vain. All three constantly ask me how I am, if I am tired, if we should rest. It is quite aggravating, but I can not find the courage, or even the words to ask them to stop. Each time I simply nod and keep quiet. It makes them happy, I suppose, and it is all I can manage in any case. Finally, they stop and let me walk in peace. I sigh in relief and just watch my feet as we travel, so that I do not notice when the others stop and I bump into one's back. I stagger and he turns quickly and catches me. "We will not enter the Misty Mountains so late. We will rest, and tomorrow begin our journey through the passes. You will have to