Hey what is up guys it's good to be back for this. The son of the Huntress III: Broken vows. I kicked an angle for this around for a bit and I finally got it. But I am pretty pissed cuz I had like half the chapter written down and then I went to save it and it logged me out and saved none of the shit that I did. So that kind of pissed me off but anyways, I'm good, everything is up. Welcome to the third instalment in The son of the Huntress series. Please read and review and help me to see what you guys would want to see, and without any further ado here we go. And I had to delete the original copy because something was going wrong with it so if ya'll was confused when it disappeared for a bit, that's what happened. Chapter 1: A new demigod Raven: "You're sure this is where Grover said he is?" I asked my mother as we walked through the hallway "Yes, and he said that he smelled like fire." She said Let me explain what's happening. About a week ago (week ago) a seeker named Grover Underwood found a demigod in the projects of Memphis, Tennessee. The hunt was near his location, and when he said "He smells like fire" my mother thought only one thing. The son of fire. So here we are now, posing as students at the South Memphis public high school. A few tricks of the mist and now everybody thought we had been going here for years. "I don't like the way these guys are staring at you." I muttered "You insisted I look like a sixteen year old for this." She muttered back "It was your idea, I'm just here to be logical." I said She rolled her eyes. I'm sure a year and a half ago my mother wouldn't have done something like this. But this was deathly important and needed to happen quickly before the monsters caught his scent. "What do we do?" Mom asked "What do you mean?" I asked her "You've been to school," She said "Where do we go? What do we do?" "Biology," I said consulting the piece of paper I had been given "Room seventeen." "Where's that at?" She asked "Numbers momma," I said indicating to the number fifteen on the door next to us "Use the numbers." We made our way down the hallway and entered room seventeen. We scanned the room together but I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. A window was open on the far end, good escape route if needed. Most of the students were either on their phones or talking to eachother. "There." My mother said indicating to a desk at the very back of the room I saw a skinny teenager sitting alone at a three person desk. He was wearing a solid black hoodie and a pair of purple basketball shorts. He was tall and skinny, with longish, dark brown hair. I suddenly noticed one thing that stood out the most. Golden eyes. As unique as my silver eyes, but I was willing to bet he didn't have a twin. We approached the back of the room and came up in front of him. "Seat taken?" I asked him "This one is," He said, indicating to the chair on his left, then the one on his right "This one isn't." "Go sit there," I whispered to my mother, nodding to a table with two girls seated at it "We can bail quickly if we have to." She nodded and moved towards the table. I sat down on the kid's right glanced up to make sure my mother was alright. "What's your name?" The kid asked "I don't think I've seen you before." First sign that this kid was a demigod, he had seen right through the mist. Everybody else would think we had been here for years, but he had seen right through us. "Raven Alistair," I said "So-what about you?" I had almost slipped up. I had become so used to introducing myself as a son of Artemis, that I had almost said that. He probably would've thought I was just dead crazy. "Antonio Gilardoni." He said "Where you find a name like that?" I asked him "Italian I think," He shrugged "Where'd you find a name like Raven?" "No idea." I shrugged A kid walked over and sat down on Antonio's other side. He was wearing thick glasses, an old MIT shirt tucked into a pair of jeans. I'm talking straight stereotypical nerd. "That's Jerry," Antonio whispered to me "Don't make loud noises during class with him around." I glanced back up at my mother who was glaring at me. She was stuck in between to preppy girls who were talking very excitedly and rapidly. Oh well, at least it was girls and not those despicable males. "Good morning class!" A man called, entering the room "I hope you all have your papers." My mother tossed me a paper which landed on my desk. I picked up the paper and examined it. It was a three page essay titles 'Bonds of matter'. I sat it down and glanced over at the teacher who was walking through the rows collecting papers and greeting the students. "No paper?" I asked Antonio "Fuck it dude," He said "Science is stupid." "And that's why you'll never pass high school." Jerry said smugly "I wouldn't talk too big, dodgeball in gym today." Antonio spat "You just resort to violence because you're too stupid to use your own brain." Jerry retorted "Fuck off." Antonio muttered "Good morning Mr. Alistair," He said reaching our table "What do you have for me today?" "What's it look like?" I asked, handing him the paper "Ahhh bonds of matter," He said "Impressive, very hard topic to discuss." "I'll take your word for it." I muttered "And Mr. Gordon," He said "No paper again today?" "It's Gilardoni," Antonio corrected him "And no Mr. Garrett I don't have a paper." "And why would that be?" Mr. Garrett asked "Because I don't have one." Antonio said "You need to shape up Antonio," He said "You won't pass your Sophomore year the way you're going." Antonio rolled his eyes as Mr. Garrett collected Jerry's paper and moved back up to the front of the room. I glanced back at my mother who was busy trying to not kill the two girls on either side of her. I hoped she could hold out for the next forty five minutes. My mother was all about females, but female instinct hates all other females. It's a vicious circle. I'm not gonna tell you every detail about that science class but I seriously almost just left about thirty times. That teacher is so so so boring. I remember being in school back in Brooklyn, and the teachers were all only there for the check. They didn't care about our futures and neither did we. Most of us knew that our futures were with whatever gangs we were in. But so let's just fast forward to the end of class. "Mr. Alistair, a word please?" Mr. Garrett requested as I attempted to leave Antonio raised his eyebrows at me and stood by the doorway waiting for me. My mother stood next to him, wondering how the two of us had become friends that fast. I approached Garrett's desk and he gave me a small smile. "I was very impressed with your essay," He said "But I'm worried." "About?" I asked him "Sitting next to Antonio, I feel like he may be distracting you." He said "Well I'm trying to help him," I lied "I know what it's like for him. It's not that he doesn't care, he doesn't understand it so he gave up." "Well that's very nice of you but I think you should focus on yourself and not Antonio." He said "Well if I'm doing perfectly fine then why can't I help Antonio while I'm at it?" I asked He seemed to think about this for a moment. I was totally lying out my ass and had no idea what I was actually saying. Finally he smiled at me. "Mr. Alistair, would you mind me putting you in for student of the week?" He asked "What?" I asked him, not following "Student of the week," He said slowly "You'll be recognized for going above and beyond your call as a student." "Uhhh okay sure." I said confused "Great, and I'll write you a pass," He said "Who do you have next?" "Gym." I said, glancing down at my paper He scribbled something on a piece of paper and handed it to me. I turned around and walked over to where Antonio and Mom were standing. "What was that about?" Antonio asked me "I lied about a bunch of bullsht and he's recomedning me for student of the month." I said "Teacher's pet." He joked "Fuck you." I said, shoving him back We laughed and then I noticed my mother was eyeing us like we could be a dangerous comination. "Oh ummm, this is Antonio Gilardoni," I said "And this is my, uhhh sister Artemis." "Artemis Alistair?" He asked, amused "Luna actually, we had different fathers." She said "Hey you got an extra pair of gym shorts?" I asked as we started walking "I don't have any." "Fuck it bro, I got you." Antonio said I figured my mother would just change her appearance and be all suited up for gym. I, on the other hand, had no such power and probably wouldn't be welcome to participate in gym class in jeans and a wifebeater. "Dodgeball today though," Antonio said "I'm gunning straight for Jerry." "What's your problem with him anyways?" I asked as we entered the gym "You saw how he talked to me didn't you?" Antonio asked me "Wouldn't you have some beef too?" "True." I shrugged as we entered the locker room I watched my mother slip into the girl's locker room and disappear behind the door. I knew she could handle herself and she's lay a girl out if needed, so I wasn't worried. Antonio threw me a pair of white basketball shorts with a black stripe down the middle and I put them on. He let me throw my jeans into his locker and we walked back into the gym. Nobody was out yet so we took a seat on the bleachers and waited. "So what's your story?" I asked him "My dad and I live on the south side of the projects," He said "Mom died when I was young, never knew her. Dad always talks about her though, how she was so beautiful she'd move mountains for her. How I remind him of her so much." If it's his dad , I thought That means he can't be a child of Hephaestus. But who does that leave? "Raven," My mother said from behind me "I need to talk to you." I shrugged and rose from my seat, walking towards the other end of the gym. When we got to the back she turned to face me, looking slightly annoyed. "We need to figure this out quickly," She said "Is he the demigod or not?" "Yeah, definitely a demigod," I said "But his Olympian parents is his mother." "So Hephaestus is out," She said thoughtfully "But who else could that leave?" Before I could answer, someone blew a whistle. "LINE IT UP LADIES!" A massive woman hollered I'm serious when I say massive. She was taller than I was, and like, two hundred pounds heavier than me. Solid freaking muscle. "Oh my gods," I said as we made our way back to the court "Do you see this chick? She's like, on steroids." My mother said nothing as we took our spots in lines. Antonio flashed me a grin as the gym teacher started