Hey guys, what good. If you are reading this then that means you found me. BTW, if you haven't read my first story, go to and type percabeth the seven go to good high school and click the one that is written by me. Now, I moved here because I liked the way it was laid out. So, this story is a continuance of the first one. I know the first one kind of sucked, but I needed a kickoff into this one. (BTW, I got an email from someone complaining at me saying that I was a homophobe because this was set after blood of Olympus and Nico admitted to being gay in the house of Hades. Sorry I forgot, I have nothing against gays, I have a gay friend but it's too late for me to change it) anyways I know the first one sucked a little, but this one is going to be much better. I have a legit plan laid out for this story. So ladies and gentleman, I proudly bring to you, The son of the Huntress (A/N I will switch POV's several times throughout each chapter) Chapter 1: The boy with silver eyes Raven: Let me just start off by saying that I never wanted to be a demigod, I never wanted to be a Crip either. My life wasn't fun, in any way, shape, or form. I sold drugs, killed kids, watched mothers cry while cradling their only son's head in their laps as he bled out on the street, watched little kids get caught between cross fires and end up getting gunned down, I saw my best friend get his arm blown off for a quest we barely knew anything about. Being a demigod isn't fun, it's painful, and it hurts the people closest to you. I would never bring a child into this world knowing they might face what I did. I stared death in the eye countless times, I almost died more times than I could even count. If you think that any of this is something you can handle, be my guest to trade places with me, and I bet almost all of you get killed immediately. Being a demigod or a gang member is one of the hardest things you'll go through in your life, this is the story of the things I did, the things I had to go through, before I finally got my happy ending, but it was more bittersweet than anything. Annabeth: "I love you, Wise Girl." Percy said holding me closer to him "I love you too, Seaweed brain." I sighed, leaning into him School had been out for a few weeks and Percy and I had spent nearly every single second of it together. Even when Percy went out on a quest to find a demigod that one of the satyrs had tracked down, I insisted upon going. We had not been separated since prom, and I wouldn't have it any other way. "Annabeth, I need to ask you something." He said, suddenly deadly serious This worried me, because Percy was never serious, ever. He always messed around, and never did anything the way he was supposed to. Percy solved problems in very unconventional ways, but he got them solved, you couldn't argue that fact. He was a seaweed brain, but he was my seaweed brain. "Sure." I said cautiously "I've been having these dreams," He began "About a boy, with silver eyes. And he comes to the camp, and then things start to go wrong, the gods go missing, like captured, your mom spoke to me the first time I had the dream, she said something big was happening, something called The prophecy of moonlight." "What's that?" I asked him, confused "I'm not sure, but she said something about Tartarus helping an old enemy." He said "That sounds like something we should tell Chiron about." I said, stumped "I already did," Percy said "He said he didn't know, but it really seemed like he was hiding something." Chiron hid things from us a lot. Mostly because he was sworn to the river styx not to tell us. It got on my nerves sometimes. But this time, I had this feeling that maybe we didn't actually want to know what any of this meant. "I don't know." I said "I hate not knowing things." "I don't know either," He said, shaking his head "But, I'm sure we'll figure it out, and we'll kick some mythological monster's ass and save the universe like we always do." That made me laugh. Percy had a point, we had saved Olympus four times now. The time we retrieved Zeus's master bolt so that the Olympians wouldn't go into a full all out war, and the time that we saved Artemis and the Orophiotaurus from the Titans, and the time we faced down the army of Kronos in the middle of Manhattan with only forty demigods, and, finally, and the most recent, the time we stopped Gaea and her bloodthirsty giants from destroying the world as we knew it. Yep all in all, a normal day for a demigod. "Well, don't worry about it, I would rather not be part of another great prophecy thank you very much." I said, folding my arms and huffing Now it was Percy's turn to laugh. I loved his laugh, it made me feel warm inside, like everything was going to be alright, no matter how bad the situation seemed, which usually is what my life felt like pretty much all the time. "Is that Gwen and Nico?" Percy said suddenly, eyeing off in the distance Gwen was Nico's girlfriend. We had found Gwen when we had gone to Goode and she had turned out to be a daughter of Athena. Well, actually, it was Nico that found her. He brought her to our lunch table. She was really beautiful, and we all gave Nico a hard time because we knew that he liked her. Eventually, he asked her to the prom, and she accepted. I watched across the gym as they kissed. It was really cute, and I was happy for Nico too, he was always depressed and sad and lonely. Ever since Gwen, well he was much happier. Even from this distance I could see the smile on his face as they approached hand in hand. "Hey, how's it going.?" Gwen asked as she drew closer "It's going." Percy said "Oh come on Perce," Nico said, elbowing him "Lighten up, it's a sunny day and everything ain't so bad." "There's the annoying little Nico we all know and love," Percy said, standing "Still playing with Mythomagic cards? "Right, well, the reason we came down here," Gwen said cutting Nico off as he was about to make a, no doubt smartass, reply "Chiron called a meeting in the big house. Every single camp counselor is required to come, Clovis even dragged his lazy ass out of bed for this." Clovis was the head counselor for the Hypnos cabin, the god of sleep. And that's all his children did, sleep. It made it hard for them to get anything done, especially when they needed to get up and do it, but they were like the stoners of Greek mythology. "Well, we had better not keep him waiting then." I said, rising We made out way up towards the big house, all four of us wondering what this could be about. I knew there was no way it could be good, not the way Nico was talking. I wasn't very keen on the idea of getting sucked into another prophecy. "Any idea what this could be about?" Percy asked Nico "Not a clue, but he looked pretty shaken up, so whatever it is, it can't be good." Nico said grimly "Is it ever?" Percy said, exasperated He had a point, I couldn't even remember what it was like to get good news. Of course, usually demigods took the least of the bad news and called that the good news. I guess you could call it looking at the glass half full. "Well, like I said, I don't know, it could be anything, maybe I just read him wrong." Nico said, but he didn't sound to sure "You'll have to tell me what it's about seeing as I'm not a counselor so therefor not invited." Gwen said, giving Nico a quick kiss before walking off We entered the big house and all eyes immediately turned to us. I could tell there had been a very heated argument moments before, as Katie Gardner was in a very deadly looking standoff with Drew Tanaka. The two of them sat down very slowly, but didn't take their eyes off of eachother. "Ah, glad you could join us, we were just about to start." Chiron said from the front of the ping pong table. He was compacted into his wheelchair and he looked worried. There was a tension in the air, as if he had started to reveal some bad news and then stopped suddenly. Everybody was fidgeting and shifting as Percy and I took our seats next to Jason and Piper. "Now, I am not going to beat around the bush," He began " I'm not going to sugarcoat it, but we are in deep, deep trouble. Something of the likes that I have never witnessed, nor cared to witness. We are- " "Chiron," I interrupted "You're beating around the bush." "So I am," He sighed "Well then straight to it, one of the gods has been kidnapped." There was immediate murmuring and a buzz that filled the room. Chiron called for quiet but it was useless. He might as well have tried to stop fish from swimming. It probably would've yielded better results "What did he just say?" Piper said from behind me "A god has been captured." I said still in disbelief "Right, just checking to make sure I heard that right." Piper said, paling When it had finally settled down, Chiron cleared his throat again. It had taken a few minutes but everybody eventually realized they would like to know who it was that had been taken, and they quieted down so that Chiron could speak. "The god, in question, or rather goddess," He began "Is the wisdom goddess, Athena." All eyes in the room turned to look at me. Amber: "And then, we ran along the sides until we had him cornered, we kept pushing him back until he was forced to retreat into the ocean," Thalia said "Then he just left "That's amazing," One of the newer girls said "That must've take a lot of guts to keep going after what he did." "He killed a lot of hunters, and I mean a lot of hunters. The numbers sitting around this campfire, there was at least double this before,"Thalia said "Orion killed nearly all of the hunters, by the time we pushed him back into the sea, we had a handful of hunters, maybe fifteen or sixteen." I wasn't really paying attention, I'd been there and I didn't need to hear the story and relive it. I'd seen quite a few things in my time as a Hunter, but nothing quite compared to watching one your sisters get decapitated right in front of you. Sorry, maybe I should tell you just a little bit about myself. My name is Amber Adela. I am seventeen, or was. I don't know if you still have an age when you become immortal. I still felt seventeen, but I knew in three thousand years or so, I would still feel the same. I had joined the Hunters of Artemis years ago, nineteen eighty three actually. I'd been recruited by Zoe Nightshade only a week after arriving at Camp Half-Blood, best decision I ever made. I'd been claimed as a child of Aphrodite and spent a single night in her cabin before Lady Artemis had come