Okay guys, how you doing. I want to welcome you back to The Son Of The Huntress II: My brother or my colors. If you haven't read the first one, go find that because this won't make any sense to you if you don't. But I really ain't got much to say. I'm glad you guys are back, if you're back. But I'm just really glad that I've got fans out there. So not much I can say, I don't own Percy Jackson, that goes to Rick Riordan and I'd also recommend you'd check out my other story on the sister's grimm. Also, before I forget, this story will mostly be in Raven and Eli's POV with a few others here and there. Here we go ya'll. Chapter 1: Bloods and Crips Amber: "So what exactly did he do?" Artemis asked me as we walked "We went out on a date to some pizza place that he knew about, home made, really good by the way," I said "And some guys tried to start something so Raven go into a fight with them, and then one of the guys called the cops on Raven and they arrested him for assault." "Yeah, sounds just like my son." Artemis said angrily "I'm sorry, I tried to tell him to stop, but you know him, when he gets angry there isn't any stopping him." I told her We walked along at a brisk pace around the corner. "Isn't this his third time being arrested?" Thalia asked "Yes," I said a horrible realization dawning on me "Doesn't that mean twenty five to life?" "No, no he's a minor," Artemis said reassuringly "They won't give him twenty five to life, but we'll be lucky if there is bail." "This is all my fault." I said "No, don't think like that." Artemis said as we walked "No, it was my idea to go out that night." I said "But you didn't know he would get arrested," Thalia said "This sin't your fault." We turned the corner onto a street and at the end I saw a big sign. Manhattan Juvenile Detention Center. I could see the fenced in area behind the jail, where the prisoners where in the yard. There were nearly two hundred, playing basketball or just standing around. I couldn't see their faces from here. We walked through the front door of the center. There was parents sitting all throughout the waiting room. One was fussing at a twelve year old boy. "Did you think it was cool?" She scolded him "I'm sorry, I didn't know what it was." He said Artemis approached the counter and cleared her throat to get the man's attention. "Can I help you?" He asked in a bored tone "We're here for Raven Alistair." Artemis said He typed something on his computer and peered at the screen for a few minutes. Then he frowned and typed something else in. He clicked on a few things before finally looking back up at us. "Raven Mark Alistair?" He asked "Sixteen, known gang member of the Flat Junction Crips, arrested previously for battery, gang activity, possession with intent to sell, attempted rape, and this time for assault and resisting arrest?" "Attempted rape?" Artemis asked shocked "Yes, that's him." Thalia said "Bail is twenty five grand." He said "We already paid the bail." Artemis said snapping her fingers The guard got misty eyed and blinked very quickly. "Yeah, that's right, I forgot." He said He motioned to one of the other guards and whispered something in his ear. "Come with me." The guard said He led us through hallways and down through a cell block. I saw some of the cells still had boys in them. Reading, or working out. As we walked through the cafeteria the guard turned to look at Artemis. "You really need to do something about your son, he's been in here three times now." The guard said "Don't tell me how to raise my son." Artemis growled at him He turned away from her quickly and didn't say anything after that. We stepped out into the prison yard and the boys looked to see what was happening. Several stopped what they were doing but most just went about their business. I saw Raven across the courtyard playing basketball. How do I describe my boyfriend? Well he was about 5'9, and maybe 150 pounds. But it was solid muscle, he wasn't one of those muscle bound freaks, but he kept in shape. With a six pack and a decent sized bicep. He had a scar on his left arm that read FJC, and another scar going through his left eye that somehow had not damaged his eyesight. And finally, on his left shoulder blade, a raven shaped brand mark. He had bright silver eyes. He had gotten a hair cut the morning we went on our date and he wasn't wearing the top half of the jail uniform. He wore only a pair of white jumpsuit pants. I felt bad, he had been in jail almost a week. The hunters had been unreachable and when we finally got a hold of them, Artemis hurried back to New York. As we watched him someone threw him the ball and he grabbed it and rushed the net. For 5'9 he sure could jump. He dunked the ball and knocked one of the other kids down. "OOHHHHHH!" Everyone watching the game yelled Raven offered his hand to the kid and pulled him off of the ground. As we approached I noticed something was going on. A boy had approached Raven and they appeared to be having an argument. The boy shoved Raven hard and it was then I saw a tattoo along the top of his shoulder blade. Bloodz. "Uh-oh." I said The guard saw what I was staring at and he grabbed his walkie talkie. "I got a fight about to break out in the yard. Bloods and Crips, requesting back up." He said More boys rushed forward as Raven shoved the Blood back. Angry shouts filled the yard as boys started flooding the basketball court and the riot broke out. The guard forced us backwards some as I saw hundreds of boys brawling all over the yard. "Shit, it's MS-13's, Vice Lords, Latin Kings, everybody is jumping in, get everyone out here." The guard said into his radio Guards rushed the yard and started hauling boys apart, I saw one grab Raven from behind. Raven turned and hit the cop hard in the face. "Fuck you, pig." He screamed He turned back to the fight as a boy with a Vice Lord tattoo jumped on him. More guards rushed out and began separating the boys. Finally after a few minutes the boys were all separated and were being sent back inside. Raven was dragged from the crowd of boys and hauled toward us. "Hi mom." He said as they threw him in front of us "We'll talk later, but for now let's get out of here." She said Raven was sporting a black eye and a busted lip. He grinned at me. "I'd give you a kiss but I've got a lot of blood in my mouth." He said to me "It's fine, your mom is pissed." I whispered to him "You think?" Thalia whispered as we walked "She had to bring the whole hunt back here to get your ass out of jail." "What?" He asked shocked "Why didn't you just have Chiron or somebody come and do it?" "Well he was going to, but Artemis insisted in coming." Thalia said "Well, damn." Raven said I don't think he really cared one way or the other. We could've left him in jail to server out the sentence they had handed down, and he wouldn't have changed at all. I really think the only thing he ever worried about was me. I was glad that Raven knew me so well. He knew when I wanted to be left alone and needed some space, he knew when I needed to be hugged and or held. Most girls want a guy that does nothing but love them and pay attention to them and throws down everything to come running as soon as they call. But then they'll bitch and complain about it. Raven knew me, a hug and a kiss here and there and I was good. "Fucking Bloods." He said spitting blood onto the concrete as we walked "Bloods? you're the one who started the fight." Artemis said turning to him "No, he shoved me first." Raven corrected her We entered the building and they sat us in the waiting room and led Raven back to an area where he would be given his clothes back. He came out a few minutes later dressed exactly as he had been the day of our date. Sagging jeans, white t-shirt, blue Compton snapback, and a blue bandanna. He had left his gun at the camp. Good thing too or they would've confiscated it. "Good to be out of that place, there was a big ass black kid eyeing me like it was lunch time." He said Normally I'm too mature to laugh at a prison rape joke, but the image of someone trying to do that to Raven in the shower made me crack up. Thalia must've had the same image because she started laughing too. Artemis cracked a smile. Then she stopped walking and turned on Raven. "The man in there said you had been arrested for attempted rape," She demanded angrily "What happened?" "It was the second time I got arrested," He sighed, continuing to walk and forcing his mother to do the same "A bunch of kids were wearing masks and they tried to rape some girl, and she got away from them." He stopped for a moment as if reflecting on something and then continued. "I was about a block away from where it happened, and so they arrested me, and she told the cops it was me, and they sent me to jail," He said "It was actually several charges that was just one of them." "So you never tried to rape her?" Artemis asked him "Never even seen her before in my life." He confirmed That seemed to perk her up a bit. As we walked I saw the strawberry fields of Camp Half-Blood come into view. Finally we were home. Eli: I woke up but I didn't open my eyes. I just laid there. Had it all been a dream? I hoped so, that was some crazy shit. But whose bed was I sleeping on? It was really comfortable. It sank down in, the sheets were silk, perhaps I was back at the mansion. "Is he awake yet?" A girls voice asked I considered opening my eyes but then someone answered back. A guy this time. "No, but he made a few noises earlier, so we know that he's alive." The guy said "Justin, he needs to be more than just alive, we've got to get him up and moving." The girl said "I'm trying the best I can, Reyna." The boy protested "Could he really be a son of Diana?" Reyna asked "That's what he said isn't it?" The other boy asked Before Reyna could answer I opened my eyes. She saw me and immediately turned to look at me. The other boy, Justin, did the same. I became aware of several things at once. My flag and my gun were laying on the nightstand next to my bed. My had was hanging off the bed post at the foot of the bed. I was surrounded by people in beds. All with various wounds and injuries. Reyna stepped towards me. "Are you alright?" She asked me I sat up. Reyna started to protest but I sat up anyways. "I'm not entirely sure." I shrugged "You took a nasty bite," Justin said "Any more time and