Title: my best two years Summary: Sequel to 'fly away from here'. Thalia's world is over. Jason's has just begun, even if neither of them know about it. It felt like the air was imploding around her, rushing past her ears without any wind. No . This couldn't be happening. He couldn't be gone . He was with his mother. She wasn't even drunk today. He couldn't be freaking gone! Thalia glanced over at her mother, who clutched her knees to her chest like some little kid and sobbed. Her eyeliner was dripping down her face. Pathetic was all that went through her mind. It's all about her. She never cared about him at all. "Can't you shut up!?" She yelled, but it came out more like a shriek, her voice cracking around the lump in her throat. Mom glared at her venomously, her mouth tightening in the way it did when she was really angry. She had shouted louder then she had meant to. She wasn't sorry. Mom deserved it. She left for two seconds and he was gone! How could anyone lose a baby that fast? How freaking incompetent could Mom possibly be? "Do not disrespect me, young lady. My son's just been taken from me, in case you haven't noticed. Get in the car." "What? No! We need to call the police so we can find out who took him, since you obviously didn't see because you were probably GETTING DRUNK AGAIN!" Thalia screamed the last part just to be annoying. This part of the park was deserted, mostly, and she would have preferred an audience, but nevertheless screaming at Mom seemed to relieve a tiny bit of her fury. Her anxiety was another matter. Where was her brother? Who the heck would take a two year old kid? The full force of the situation hit her hard and she felt tears appear in her eyes abruptly. "Thalia, get in the car now." "Would you just shut up?" Jason was gone. How was that possible? She had promised to keep him safe, had promised to take care of him. She had let her guard down for five seconds, had let him out of her sight for a minute, and he was gone. How could she have left him with Mom? How could Mom be so stupid? How could he be gone? It wasn't fair. Every two year old was left on their own for some amount of time. Her baby brother was the one to get kidnapped. She was supposed to protect him. Thalia sniffed. "Thalia Rosanna Grace, get in the car now, or I swear I will—" "I don't care what you do! I never have!" She shouted. "You could never do anything for me or Jason and now you've...you've freaking lost him! "I'm not getting in the car. I don't care what you think. What are you gonna do, not cook for me? Ground me? Call my daddy?" "Thalia, get in the car before I make you!" "How? You've already lost the only person in this 'family' that I actually—" She was stopped by a hard slap across the face. "GET IN THE CAR!" Mom yelled. "I'm not asking twice!" The little vein above her left eye was popped out. Thalia just glared. She didn't care that Mom hit her. She should be lucky Thalia wasn't hitting back. Mom's face softened slightly, growing more annoyed then angry. "Look what you made me do! Thalia, I'm sorry. I shouldn't lose my temper." "I've heard that before." Thalia snapped. Mom looked like she was trying not to be livid. "Please get into the car before we get into an argument." "My brother is gone. Someone kidnapped him, in case you weren't paying attention. We have to call the police. Do I look like I care about your arguments?" "Where did you get your smart-ass mouth?" Mom hissed. She was only twelve years old, but she had always been outspoken. She felt like she could say whatever she wanted to Mom—not because she was so disrespectful, but because she really didn't see Mom as any kind of authority. What kind of authority spends Monday mornings calling in sick and puking in the sink? She had memories of times when her mother would brush her hair. Her mother had had the most beautiful voice in the world. But now her hair was short, and Mom's voice was raspy with smoke. "I am going to call the police now." Thalia said in the voice that got kids on the playground following her orders. Mom wasn't a kid on the playground, but it seemed to work—far beyond what she had expected. Her eyes filled with tears again and her face softened. She had dyed her hair brown a few months ago, and she ran her hands through her pale roots, letting her hair fall around her face. It didn't change Thalia's feelings, but she waited for Mom to say her piece. There was always a piece, but her brother had never been gone before. Rage bubbled up inside of her. But Mom knelt on the ground in front of her so that she looked up into Thalia's eyes. Thalia did her best scary glare but Mom ignored it and put her hands on Thalia's shoulders. She considered shaking them off, but got distracted when Mom started talking. "This is a very grown-up discussion we are having right now, Thalia. You have to trust me." "Right." Thalia rolled her eyes and this time she did shake her mother's hands off her shoulders, but her mother replaced them. It had been a long time since her mother's face had been so close to hers. She had dark circles and long, spindly wrinkles framing her eyes. Her skin looked bone-dry and her mascara like brittle spider's legs. "Thalia, I'm serious. I know you're scared and upset. I am too. I love both my babies." Thalia would have opened her mouth at the hypocrisy but Mom went on. "Please just listen to what I'm saying, okay?" She had been on the offensive for so long that her thoughts swayed. It would be so nice to believe her. So nice to trust her mother again. To trust someone other then herself. Not that she would, but...she was tired. "Be fast," she snapped. "Thalia, I'm not sure how to say this. I had hoped your father would be having this conversation with you. But your father is from a different world then ours." A world of rich people who never ran out on their kids. Guess he broke the tradition. "He is a god, a Greek god, Lord of the Sky." The air around Thalia imploded again as she almost desperately searched her mother's face for any sign of a joke. She looked perfectly serious—but she couldn't be, could she? No. No. This wasn't happening. This couldn't all be happening in one day. No, no, not. Her life was normal, too normal for this. Her mind sped up. Zeus. Her father's name was Zeus. Zeus had been king of the Greek gods— It was impossible. Impossible. She stumbled backwards, shaking her mother's hands off her shoulders. She was crazy. Had it been the drinking? Something Thalia hadn't caught onto yet? "Are you high?" She half-shrieked, backing a good distance away from her mother. Her mother's eyes widened, her arms outstretched, palms up. Pleading. Offering. "But your father's wife—a horrible woman—she wanted my baby boy. She took my baby as an offering. Hera took my baby. There was nothing I could do! She took my baby! Thalia, you don't understand—Hera took my son and you—what are you doing?" How could she have ever considered trusting her mother again? It was at that moment that Thalia lost the last few, stubborn shreds of respect she had had for Mom. "Are you on drugs? Do you take drugs at home now too?" Thalia shouted. Nothing was too low. "Did you sell him? Did you kill my brother?" Her mother looked angry now, moving closer towards Thalia. "Get away from me! What did you do to him? I never wanted to leave you alone with him, I knew you could never take care of him!" Her breathing was so fast it felt like she wasn't breathing at all. Her hands were shaking. She had been walking backwards, and then she tripped. Pain flashed across her elbows and the back of her head where she hit it, then it faded as she scrambled up. But she didn't get up quickly enough for her mother, who grabbed her by the shoulder. "Thalia Grace, do not act like I am insane. I'm perfectly fine and I'm telling you the truth, and it bothers me why you don't think of my feelings on this. You're being very cruel—" Thalia pushed her mother as hard as she could, and teetering in her heels, she fell back on the sidewalk with a cry of indignation. She walked up to her mother, who had never before looked so outraged. She looked Mom straight in the eyes. And she screamed at her, "What did you do with my brother?" Then everything was quiet. Thalia waited for a response. Mom breathed heavily. She looked angry, but also almost...scared. She was scared of Thalia. The thought gave her some pleasure that she knew was wrong. Thoughts of the day chased any of it from her mind. Her mother said nothing and Thalia walked away. There had to be some kind of a clue. There had to be something. Her mother was insane. She saw things that weren't there and she had lost Thalia's precious baby brother. Oh, Lord, what if something happened to him? Where was he? Where was he? She ground her hands into fists. Her mother staggered up, and Thalia ran into a more populated section of the park. Her mother had parked far away from the other people in the park, so she was unsurprised no one had heard the shouting, but now she rushed up to a mother with two children—a brown haired little girl about five, and a little boy who looked so much like Jason it sort of hurt. Her baby brother... She swallowed against the lump in her throat and stared at the lady until she noticed. "Um, can I help you?" "I'm really sorry, but have you...did you happen to see...I can't find my b-brother. He's two, and he has blond hair, and blue eyes, and—" Thalia could feel despair overtake her as the adrenaline rush of arguing with her mother faded. Her mouth trembled. The mother's face showed concern. "He was wearing...a..." She tried to remember. "A blue shirt, and black pants I think. And he can run already." "And you can't find him, sweetie?" The lady enquired. "Mommy, who's that?" The little girl asked loudly. The mother shushed her lovingly. "A girl who can't find her brother. Sweetie, I haven't seen any little children anywhere without parents." "He has a scar on his mouth." Thalia said quietly, because she was afraid she would start crying if she talked any louder. "Do you need me to help you find your mommy or daddy, sweetheart? I'm sure they can help you." "No, no..." Thalia walked away. "Thanks," she said lamely over her shoulder, and the mother's eyes followed her, concerned but distant, preoccupied with her own children. Thalia felt jealous. Where was her baby brother? There was a man, sort of old and wearing a propeller hat, selling ice cream on the sidewalk and she ran to him. "Hello there, sweetheart, what can I get for you?" He asked her with a smile. "I can't find my brother. He's two, he has blond hair and blue eyes and a scar on his lip, and he can walk. I don't know where he is have you seen him I can't find him." She blurted. The old man looked concerned. "I don't know. I haven't