Disclaimer: Any recognizable character does not belong to me. I am merely borrowing them for my own amusement. This story is compliant up through Eclipse, though does not follow the storyline of Breaking Dawn, as that had not been my cup of tea. As I was unable to locate an exact timeline for the wolves, I've made my own. This means that the characters ages may not exactly mesh with the true timeline of Twilight. I've only made a few tweaks, honestly. :-) One track mind, one track heart If I fail, I'll fall apart Maybe it is all a test Cause I feel like I'm the worst So I always act like I'm the best -Marina & the Diamonds 'Oh No" I should have gone with a nice pair of slacks. That's the only thing I can think about as I study my reflection in the glass door. It's an hour before my first day as a grown up begins, and I've been standing there for 15 minutes regretting my outfit. Which was quite a shame, as it was one of my favorites and I had been so confident when I picked it out last night. All I had wanted was something that made me look mature, but something that was hip so it made the students feel as though they could relate to me. I was going to be the Michael Scott of teachers and my students were going to fear how much they loved me. A faint smile crossed my lips, and I finally pull my gaze from my tasteful knee length skirt, to stare at the pale face looking back at me. I almost didn't recognize the girl there; my blonde hair was normally loose around my shoulders in waves, though now it was pulled into a surprisingly neat bun and my green eyes were wide with something that would probably be close to fear. I had less than an hour to pull myself together, and there was no time to go home and change. Did it look like I was trying too hard? My gaze drifted down my outfit once more, taking in the green cardigan that covered a simple white blouse, paired with the wide white and navy striped skirt that's causing me so much grief. A heavy sigh falls from my lips and I decide I'm putting too much pressure on my incredibly cute outfit. After all, it's not the outfit that's causing all of this anxiety; it's what lies ahead. I pull my tote bag higher up on my shoulder, before reaching out to finally open the door. I make my way down the silent hall, taking comfort in the click of my heels against the tile. As the door was unlocked, I know that I'm not the first to arrive, but I note I didn't see anyone as I finally step into my classroom. Turning on the lights, I smile faintly at the tacky posters I pinned on the walls only days before. Two and a half months ago I had graduated from the University of Washington, dreaming of all the job offers that would be knocking down my door. I still remember the indulgent smile my grandpa had given me when I told him I would have my pick of jobs. My optimistic outlook had taken a turn for the worst after only a month of submitting my resume everywhere. It was disheartening that I had been unable to find a job in my chosen profession. Shouldn't there be a ton of wonderful job openings for the bright minds like me that wanted to enrich the youth of America? Banpa, an affectionate name I had given my grandpa when I was two, had told me that good things came to those that waited, and that I needed just a little patience. I wanted to call bull shit, but he ended up being right. Two days after his pep talk, I had received a call from my college roommate, turned best friend, urging me to apply for a position that came open at the local high school where she grew up. Kim had lucked out when she graduated, as one of the first grade teachers from her hometown had retired and the principal had practically saved the job for her. I could admit, even to Kim, that I was slightly envious of the way her life was falling into place. On top of an ideal job, she had an ideal boyfriend that seemed hopelessly devoted to her. Kim had laughed me off at the time of my confession, stating that her life would be perfect only if I lived a little closer. Kim must have had the best karma ever then, because I was offered the job and thus began my look for a place to live in the small town of La Push. Thankfully, Kim was graciously allowing me to stay with her while I was finding my feet, though I suspected Jared wasn't as thrilled at having a house guest. Since moving in two weeks ago, the first thing Jared would ask every time he saw me was if I was moving out yet. Of course, it was all in good humor, though I suspected at times Jared was being serious in wanting Kim all to himself. Admittedly, I desired to be out of their hair as much as Jared wanted me out. On top of them being nauseatingly sweet, I wanted a place to call my own, especially so I could be reunited with my furry love. Setting my tote on the edge of my desk, I began digging around to locate the cheap picture frame Kim had given me that morning as a token of good luck. When we first met, I had been setting up a picture of my cat Hamlet in our dorm room. We had stared at each other awkwardly, before I began randomly sprouting out cat facts. My anxiety must have been obvious, as Kim had taken pity on me and changed the subject. After our friendship grew, she dubbed me the crazy cat lady. She was pretty proud this morning when she handed me the picture frame with Hamlet staring up at me. Kim had laughed at me when I said I had the perfect spot on my desk for this picture, which was exactly where I set it while smiling like a goon. I was so busy looking like the crazy cat lady I feared I would become, that I didn't notice the person at my door until they cleared their throat. Whirling around on my heel, I gripped the edge of my desk, my heart beating a mile a minute when the principal walked in, a small smile tugging at the corner of her mouth. Janice Oday was a small woman, probably only standing in at five feet if you included the salt and pepper bun that was piled on top of her head. Despite her small stature, she had an extremely intimidating presence. It was a shaky breath that I took as she eyed the picture frame. The smile I gave was probably bordering on the edge of sheepishness, and I suddenly felt inclined to offer an explanation. "It's a…joke," I offered lamely, though I didn't bother to move it from the spot I had placed it. Thankfully, this only seemed to amuse Janice, and she didn't offer any comment on it. Instead she seemed to study the room for a moment, before turning her gaze back to me. It was slightly unnerving standing there unsure of how I was supposed to act. I felt the panic rising, feeling as though Janice was inspecting me. Was she regretting the choice she made? Oh God, I bet she was. She was probably just deciding how to tell me that I was fired, that they would go without an extra history teacher this year, that two were enough. What was I going to tell Banpa? What was I going to tell Kim? How was I going to tell Ham — "How are you feeling?" Janice's voice tore me from my thoughts and I stared at her in surprise. Her smile seemed to grow, and I began to relax. "Honestly? A little anxious. But excited, really excited," I offered, before giving her a tentative smile. My answer seemed to be sufficient as Janice nodded. "Anxiety is perfectly normal for your first day on the job. I'd be concerned if you weren't feeling nervous. It's those who prepare the best for the situations they are about to embark on that causes some forms of anxiety. Now, if you need anything, any of the teachers will be happy to assist you and of course, my door is always open. Class doesn't start for another 45 minutes, and most students won't arrive to the building for another 15," Janice paused here, as if waiting for me to say something, though my mind was blank and I couldn't think of an appropriate response. "Good luck, Hannah," she offered, before heading toward the door. The rest of my morning went by in a whirlwind. Against my better judgment, I began each of my classes with one of those tacky getting to know each other games. All of my students seemed familiar with each other, which made sense, as in a school this small, they probably pretty much knew everyone. On top of my lame introduction to the students, the students weren't entirely sure what to expect from me. Upon learning I was a first year teacher I could already tell that some of them were thinking of ways they could test my limits. I was thrilled by the time my lunch rolled around. While the morning hadn't been completely awful, it was still exhausting trying to win them over. My hopes of being the awesome teacher everyone loved seemed to be billowing up in smoke in front of my face. Grabbing my cell and an apple, I made my way outside to get a breath of fresh air and call Banpa. The light mist in the air didn't bother me at all as I made my way toward a bench that offered some shelter. Sitting down, I took a deep breath, before dialing my grandpa. "Hey kiddo," my grandpa's deep voice came through my earpiece, and I felt myself instantly calm down. "Hi Banpa. What are you up to?" I questioned, frowning as I heard some clinking in the background. "Well, I've been attempting to find a place to put the latest creation your mother sent me. Apparently trash sculptures are all the rage on the East coast, and she thinks she needs to bring some culture to the west coast." I could hear the frown in his voice and I didn't' bother to fight back the smile that was forming on my lips. My mother was something of a free spirit and through the course of my childhood, had always been off taking adventures. My upbringing had fallen on to my grandpa's lap, and as far as I knew, he'd taken the duty on without complaint. My mother had never settled into one place until about a year ago, when she found her way into the art scene in New York. As far as I could tell, she wasn't a Picasso, but her pieces seemed to be taking off. My grandpa had never been a big supporter of her lifestyle, though now that she seemed a little more settled, he was more inclined to be a bit more supportive. Which meant that he was displaying a few of the pieces she had sent him. "You could stick it in the living room," I offered, already anticipating the answer Banpa would give. He didn't disappoint, grunting at the thought. We both knew my grandma, had she been alive, would have never gone for that. Displaying trash in her living room? Not going to happen. "You can put