Disclaimer:I own none of the Lord of the Rings Materiel. Eleyond (Behold A Son) The moonlight lay heavy over the realm of Lothlorien, and turned the creeping fog to silver clouds broken only by the awesome height of the ancient mellyrntrees. The blue lanterns of the elves gleamed like jeweled stars from the community of talans surrounding the main city of Caras Galadhon. It was a quiet evening in the early spring, and the leaves were beginning to fall as the earth breathed the promise of renewed life. In the guard house where the Galadhrim soldiers were having a cheerful meal, the sounds of laughter and good natured joking rang. After the recent return of the sentries from the fences, everyone had a tale to tell or a prank to relate much to the enjoyment of the other elves gathered. Haldir, the High Warden of the golden wood was speaking to the captain of the detachment that had just returned. Their conversation was light and easy as the captain was none other then his brother Orophin. Balancing a glass of wine in his right hand, Orophin was trying to draw a diagram in the air while describing an encounter with a band of Haradrium. Haldir, sipping his water slowly, listened with half his attention fastened on his youngest brother Rumil. Anyone who knew anything about the three brothers knew that of all of them Rumil was the most temperamental. It was common for the dreamers among the elves to wrestle with their emotions as much as a seer, but Rumil was worse then most. While Haldir and Orophin could easily mask their emotions if needed, Rumil was an open book to those around him. A new Captain himself, Rumil was just returned from his positioning along the borders of Rohan. He had argued at first, the placement was too safe; there was no glory to be had in the defense of a border that never posed much of a problem. Roving merchants and horses were all that ever concerned the Wardens along that border. But Haldir knew better then any that the burden of a Captainship was not one that should be hurried with overwhelming duties. Too many elves could be lost under the direction of an over burdened captain, especially a young one. But nothing had happened on this last patrol, at least nothing more then an encounter with the leaders of some of the closer villages. It was routine to have some little contact with the men of Rohan, it helped maintain friendly relations between the peoples. "Haldir, I get the impression that you're not listening to a word I'm saying," Orophin said. His eyes followed Haldir's gaze where it lingered on their younger sibling. The young captain was staring into space, his meal untouched before him. Orophin gave a polite cough and nudged his brother a bit. "I am sorry, what were you saying?" Haldir asked turning to his brother. Orophin sipped his wine and shrugged, "Nothing really. I would like to have Ferevellon recruited to the swordsmen next month. From the yrch encounters we've had I can see he takes more readily to the sword then any other elf I know. I think it would be wise to move him to the sword ranks." "He won't be happy about that; he wants to be among the archers." Haldir said absently, "But if he is better suited to the sword then I shall make it a point to test and train him myself." "I certainly don't envy him that training, you nearly took my arms off several times," Orophin said. "You never were swordsmen Orophin," Haldir smiled, "But then again I got to make those decisions for you, didn't I?" "How does it feel brother? To be the High Warden and safe and secure in the knowledge that you are the most respected of the Galadhrim beside the Lord Celeborn? You never have to take the grudge duties anymore and you also get to tell everyone else what to do." Orophin said gesturing in a wide circle with his wine glass. Haldir smiled and shrugged his broad shoulders, "I might be happy if I had more to do with my time. You've no idea how tedious it can be watching all the companies going out to patrol and you realize all you have to do is decide who goes and stays. I'd give it up in a moment if I could be in the fences with the men." Orophin nodded and said, "But the Lady needs you here with the trainees because you are the most superior solider the Galadhrim have had since before god was born and…" "Orophin, please. I have enough trouble with people accusing me of pride. I hardly need to have it over heard that you were listing my qualifications and I was pridefully listening to them." Haldir laughed and said, "I think I'll have a word with Rumil, he's looking for too pensive for my liking." "I know what you mean. He might actually be thinking, and that isn't natural for him at all." Orophin winked over his raised glass as his eldest brother walked across the dinning hall. Rumil didn't look up when Haldir swung his leg over the bench beside him, his brow was creased in thought and his eyes were seeing things far away. "How now little brother," Haldir said cheerfully, "What news from the South of the world?" "Nothing, absolutely nothing," Rumil muttered darkly, "Please leave me alone." Haldir cocked an eye brow and drank his water, "I see. And so nothing makes you look as if you just discovered that the Valar were allowing dwarves into Valinor? Come, Rumil. What is it?" "Really, Haldir. I'd rather not say just yet." Rumil said and a hint of annoyance crept into his voice. "Very well then. When will you be coming into the city?" Haldir asked, changing topics smoothly, "I'll have the maids prepare your room if…" "No thank you, I'll be returning to the fences as soon as I can," Rumil said cutting of Haldir's words, "In fact, if you will give me leave I would like to go tomorrow." Haldir starred at his brother. Rumil's eyes were begging him for permission, begging for silence and begging for Haldir not to ask why. "Rumil, what is going on?" Haldir said lowering his voice. "I've had…I have had a shock about something of great importance and it had been troubling my sleep. But please, please do not ask me." Rumil's eyes were wide and his voice was a little horse as he leaned forward and whispered. Normally, Haldir would have required knowing the reason for his brother's departure, but everything in Rumil's behavior screamed for privacy. "Have you spoken to her ladyship?" he asked. "Yes, she has agreed to my going. I await only your approval; I was going to speak you to you directly the meal was over." "I see. Will you take one of the guards with you?" Haldir asked casually. Rumil released the breath he had been holding and clapped a hand on his brother's shoulder, "Thank you Haldir. Yes, I'll take Erethon if you can spare him." They stood together and began walking toward the door at the top of the hall. The Galadhrim around them called out to the captain and their general; they were glad to be home. Now, the pensive, quiet Rumil was replaced by one who fairly bounced down the room in his eagerness to be off. Haldir looked down at his brother and couldn't help but wonder what it was that was taking his sibling away again so quickly. Haldir sent for horses and his lieutenant Erethon and helped Rumil arrange his few affairs. The aforementioned archer came swinging down the stairs and asked breathlessly, "And for what reason are we off so soon and why must I go as well?" "Because I asked for you and because you are the best bowmen in my detachment," Rumil answered quickly, "I promise not to keep you away long." "I certainly hope not," Erethon said, "There are many pretty girls that I have yet to pursue in this world and I can hardly do that on special missions." "Than perhaps we're saving the honor of Caras Galadhon's young maidens if keeps you away for longer periods," Haldir said over his shoulder and winked at his brother. Erethon stopped packing his horse, "Really? You wouldn't do that would you lord warden?" "I might, if I find out your behavior has been less then honorable." And Haldir adopted his best glare. Rumil snorted softly and pushed his companion aside, "Don't listen to Haldir Erethon; he would never do such a thing. He appreciates a pretty face as much as the next man." They laughed and finished the preparations for the ride. Erethon leapt into the saddle and waited as Haldir and Rumil spoke in low tones. "How long do you think to be gone?" Haldir asked, "I may have to arrange for another captain to take over your detachment for the time being." "I don't think that will be necessary Haldir," Rumil said, "I hope to return before a fortnight is out. Besides, I wouldn't have any of your captains teaching my soldiers all kinds of stupid bow techniques. It took me three weeks alone to teach them how to construct a proper makeshift bow!" Rumil moved away but Haldir stopped him with a hand on his arm, "Rumil, just tell me this. Is the city in danger?" Rumil shook his golden head slowly, "I would never withhold such information brother. This is merely a personal matter that I must see too." "If you encounter any trouble at all…" "I won't." Rumil grinned, "You taught me well, big brother. Take care." "Rumil, as soon as you return please let me know." Haldir held up his hands in a gesture of placation, "I promise not to ask, I just want to make sure that…" "I didn't go and get myself killed, "Rumil filled in, "Yes, I know. I wouldn't forget." A long week went by without any word of Rumil and Erethon. The common reports from the fences told of seeing them riding for Rohan but no word followed. No one remarked on their absence with any great concern but as always Haldir was worried about the welfare of his men whenever they departed from the safety of Lothlorien. "My lord Warden, the queen presents her compliments and asks that you come for an audience with her and the Lord Celeborn this evening." Haldir glanced up at the young page that stood at the doorway. He stared straight ahead, not allowing his curiosity to deter him from his task. Haldir smiled, he liked to see that in a young boy, it would bode well if he entered the service of the Galadhrim. "Thank you Gondien, you may be as ease." Haldir said and took a seat at his desk, "I will send a reply to my lady. Feel free to look about the room while you wait." "Thank you sir," Gondien couldn't help the smile that quirked the corners of his mouth. As Haldir composed and drafted his note he watched the young boy out of the corner of his eye. Gondien was a mere twenty years old, young and boyish his face still holding the rounded look of an adolescent. It would be another thirty years before he was ready to enter into any serious study of service, but this service as a page under the lady was just the beginning. The position of a page put the young ellyn nearest the lady other then her maidens, and this engendered the deep love that each one held for their queen. Haldir sighed and turned his attention back to the task at hand. He wrote few lines and sealed the missive. He was never good at giving a polite verbal message. His training had made