This story is a repost from my other user, because I want to change/add on to the ending. If you read it over there then there is probably no point reading it again here, it won't be that different. I just want to expand the end chapters. Cheers. The Twin Chapter 1 "We need you to say it out loud. For the record." "Yes, this is my Mom. This is the body of Renee Marie Higgenbotham ," I stated shakily. It still felt quite unreal. I half expected her to sit up and laugh that annoying laugh of hers and tell me it was all some elaborate joke. But she didn't move. She looked like she was merely asleep. I guess the real shock would hit me later. For now, all I could think was, where will I go? What will I do? What happens to me, her daughter, now that she is no longer here? I mean, there is nobody else. Obviously I do have a father, somewhere. Everyone does, but I have no real clue where mine is. Or who is he is. I know virtually nothing about him. "Can I call anyone for you? Are you okay?" the woman in the white coat asks when I make no move to leave now the identification has been officially made. "No thanks. I'll call a cab. I'm fine," I hurriedly answer. Sure I am. xxxxx The small green metal lockbox proves little challenge against the screwdriver in my hand and I pry it open rather than search the house for the key. God only knows where Mom has hidden it. There are too many possibilities to make searching for it a better option. Inside are a handful of papers, which I expected, and a single bundle of banknotes, which I hadn't. We'd always lived very simply, Mom and I, and there had never been any money left over, so the idea maybe she had savings had never crossed my mind. I flicked through the notes and guessed I was holding maybe three or four grand. It would be useful of course, but it won't last long. I know Mom brought home a lot more than this each month and every penny had always gotten eaten up by living expenses. My own contribution was spent on our clothing and running the car the two of us shared. There had never been a man in our lives, it had all been down to Mom and me to pay our own way. Realistically, this money is a bonus but it is not enough to change the fact that I have to leave this little house that has always been home to me, and this town that is the only place I have ever lived. I haven't even been outside my home state. But that is about to change, I tell myself as I unfold the first document . There it is. My birth certificate. And on it: My father's name. Charles David Swan. And his address. Forks, Washington. Just the information I need. The document is brief and official with the bare minimum words, as most are. Just the facts, Ma'am. It's the first time in my life that I have seen it, although I guess Mom had needed it on occasion, like when she enrolled me into school. My eyes widen in shock at what is written there. Actually, it is not just mine but our birth certificate, more correctly. There's my name, Isabella Marie Swan, printed neatly on the appropriate line, but immediately underneath are the words that shock me to my core. Under 'siblings' are the words "twin sister' and the name Annabella Kate Swan. xxxxx For a moment the room spins and I have to sit down. How come I was never told about this twin sister? How could Renee have kept something this huge, this important from me? I read the words again, trying to make sense of them. There was no indication my twin had been stillborn. If that had been the case I would understand Mom thinking maybe it was something I didn't need to know. No point spending my life grieving for a sister who never drew breath. I looked through the other papers, searching for maybe a Death Certificate for Annabella Kate. Nothing. Renee's Life Insurance. Car registration and insurance papers. Renee's birth certificate and passport. And finally, one single sealed envelope. This had to be it. It did have my name neatly printed on the front. I tore it open and pulled out the single sheet of notepaper inside. My Darling Isabella, If you are reading this then I must be dead. I hope you will be able to forgive me for what you are about to read. I know what I did was selfish but I just couldn't bear to give both of you away, even though I knew Charlie would be an amazing father. I will begin at the beginning. I met Charlie Swan when I was sixteen years old. He was twenty one, and my friends and I thought he was the most handsome guy in town. We sort of had a competition to see who could get him into their bed, and I guess I won. But my glee was short lived. A few weeks later I found out there were repercussions from that one night. I was pregnant. Foolishly I told Charlie, hoping he would help me out of this predicament nice and quietly, and nobody else would ever have to know, but instead, he marched me home and confessed all to my parents. They insisted we would marry and I would have the baby, and all would remain rosy in the garden that was their respectable, narrow little life. I refused. I was not marrying a man I barely knew. Okay, they may be able to force me to have the baby but there was no way I was marrying anyone from Forks and being trapped in that Godforsaken Hell hole forever. Because I refused to redeem myself and marry, I was sent to stay with an aunt here in Phoenix, and it was decided when the baby was born, it would be handed over to Charlie Swan, seeing he was the one who wanted it. I didn't. The thought of being a single mother did not appeal to me at all, at the time. Then as the months passed, as you grew inside me, I came to regret that decision, and I did want to keep my baby, but all the arrangements had been made. There was no going back. The baby was to go to it's father, and I would never see it again. When I felt the first contraction, I wanted to run away and hide and have you be born somewhere far away, where they'd never find us, and that way I could keep you myself, but my aunt soon put paid to that plan, and she drove me to the hospital herself. Don't judge her harshly. She honestly thought my parents had made the right decision, even though she sympathized with me, knowing how much I wanted to keep the baby now, it was too late. Charlie's family had everything ready. His Mom was thrilled to be expecting a grandbaby, and she was going to mind it while he worked. His father could afford to help out financially, and set his son and grandchild up in a modest house of their own on the same property where they lived. They were more than ready to give my baby a full and loving home. Aunt Marie wished we could change things and keep the baby but she was as committed to following through as my parents were. I had no say, really. Where would we live? How would I feed and clothe you, without adult help? If only there had been more time, I thought to myself because Aunt Marie was beginning to see my side of things, and if I'd just had an extra few months, I was sure she would have come around to my way of thinking, and let me stay with her longer, until I had a job and something real to offer the coming baby. But I'd changed my mind too late, and she sadly insisted we had to do this. We had to give the Swan family the baby they so eagerly anticipated. She came into the delivery room with me, and held my hand the whole time, and when Annabella was born, she let me kiss that sweet little baby girl goodbye before she was hurried out of the room by the nurse. And she sat with me and cried with me over my loss. We were both heartbroken to give that baby away but she said we'd kept our word, done the right thing, and now it was over. I thought I would die from a broken heart and indeed, my whole body ached and screamed out with agony but then, a miracle occurred. A second baby made her imminent arrival known. And next thing, there you were, Isabella. A bonus baby nobody had been expecting. And there was no reason anyone else had to know you even existed. My aunt agreed with me readily. We had already done what had been promised, and the way she saw it, you were my reward. She took on all responsibility for your care and welfare and took us back home to her house, telling my parents it would be too hard for me to have to return to Forks and watch my daughter Annabella grow up in Charlie Swans house. I think they agreed because they just didn't want to face the scandal. If I were there, always watching out for a glimpse of Charlie's baby, the whole town would soon know who the mother was. If I didn't go back, they could pretend the small brunette baby girl Charlie was raising was nothing to do with them, and who could argue differently? After all, everyone in town knew I had left to live with my dear aunt who had offered me some wonderful job as a proof reader of her novels that she wrote and made quite a nice living from. That was why I had moved away. Why would I suddenly return and leave such a wonderful opportunity behind? So, my aunt and I swore we would never tell a soul about the fact that I had given birth to two babies, not one. She had always kept herself to herself and nobody in Phoenix knew much about her other than she was a recluse. Who knew what conclusions they had come to about me, the girl who suddenly moved in with her one day, and was soon obviously with child. Her neighbours had no idea that I was merely carrying a baby destined to be relinquished to it's father. We could make up some sob story about how I had been widowed on my honeymoon, and left pregnant and alone so she had offered us both a permanent home. They had no reason to suspect you were in fact just one baby from a set of twins, and Charlie had the baby he expected, and would never know of your existence. Unless you now want to go tell him yourself, Isabella. It's entirely up to you. You must decide if you want to go to Forks, and introduce yourself to your father, and your identical twin sister. Or not. It's your choice alone. Do whatever you wish, my darling girl, with my blessing. I'm sorry I have nothing to tell you about your only living relatives, but I barely knew Charlie Swan and we have had no contact at all since that day that he told my parents he had made me pregnant. And I have never had any news of Annabella, so I can't even warn you of what kind of reception