This was originally written as a smutty drabble in honor of Court81981's birthday, and posted as a Freaky Fic Friday on my tumblr. "Jesus Fucking Christ, Ref!" Katniss screams indignantly towards the ice, her fists clenched and her eyes glowing with rage. "Is Vanderbeek paying you to ignore blatant slashing or are you just fucking blind?" Seconds later the whistle blows and a black and white striped arm comes up, signaling a penalty against the Devils. "Well, it's about fucking time." Katniss sits back down, slightly mollified, as Marek Zidlicky is led off the ice to sit out his requisite two minutes for having smacked his hockey stick across Ryan Callahan's knees, stifling a potential break-away. "Seriously, who do you have to blow to get decent calls around here?" Peeta knows the question is rhetorical, but he cannot stop his mind from answering 'me, please' as he watches her, terrified and strangely turned-on. She continues to mutter to herself throughout the Rangers power play; her eyes never leaving the little rubber puck as it pin-balls its way across the ice until it finally finds a home in the Devils net, having snuck over Martin Brodeur's shoulder on a rebound from Ryan McDonagh. "Fuck yeah!" Katniss yells as the red light comes on and the horn blows, signaling the Rangers' lead-taking goal. She jumps up and high-fives everyone around her before leaning down and planting an excited kiss on Peeta's cheek, making his heart skip a beat. He thinks back to last night when Katniss had called, begging him to come with her to the Rangers game. Gale had gotten the tickets from Madge's father, but at the last minute couldn't use them so he gave them to Katniss since she's a huge Rangers fan. He wasn't sure what to expect when she invited him to come with her, having never really watched Hockey before. But he knew Katniss was a huge fan, and if sitting in a freezing arena surrounded by a bunch of screaming blue-shirts was her idea of a good time, he wasn't about to turn down an opportunity to spend it with her. On the train into Manhattan, she had warned him that watching hockey, especially when the players were aggressive, tended to 'excite' her. His foolish mind hoped she meant it in a suggestive way, not realizing until they were at Madison Square Garden that she meant he would need to physically restrain her from punching a Devils fan that had the audacity to say that Henrik Lundqvist didn't know a five-hole from his asshole. At this point, he'd just be happy if they don't get jumped in the hallway, let alone arrested. "I hope you're not bored." She turns to Peeta, placing her hand on his thigh. The contact, although innocent, is enough to make his cock twitch uncomfortably in his jeans. "Are you kidding me? This game is so fast paced there isn't time to be bored." Peeta replies with a smile, placing his hand over hers where it rests so softly on his leg. Katniss smiles and begins to say something, but a slam followed by the roar of the crowd interrupts her. She slips her hand from Peeta's grip and stands, frantically trying to see what's happening on the ice over the giant man blocking her view. "God-fucking dammit!" She curses as the man in front of her continues to gawk without consideration for the vertically challenged woman behind him. "Hop on." Peeta stands up and turns, offering his back to Katniss, who climbs onto the armrest of her seat and jumps on, wrapping her legs around his waist. He nearly falls over as her weight presses against his back; not because he can't hold her, but because he can feel her breasts rubbing against him through the thick material of her Rangers jersey as she bounces around, trying to see the ice. He can also feel warmth radiating from where her center is pressed tightly against his lower back. Peeta grips her knees to keep her from falling and sends a silent prayer to the heavens that he won't be sporting major wood by the time this is over. "Holy shit! Callahan and Elias are fighting. Their gloves are off, and they're gripping each other's sweaters, but there's no blood so the Ref's aren't stopping them." She squeals with joy as she gives Peeta a detailed breakdown of the fight, continuing to bounce around on his back. "Hit him harder! Break his fucking leg!" Katniss screams into the fray, her coiled limbs squeezing Peeta's torso like a hungry python. For a moment, he lets his mind drift to the place he's been carefully avoiding all evening; the place where he usually goes when he's in his bed at night, or in the shower, or once in the bathroom outside the lecture hall after their shared class. In this place, they are alone, naked, and most importantly, he is buried deep inside of her. He has her up against a wall, his large hands cupping her firm ass, holding her tight as he thrusts deep inside her velvet walls, and his lips explore the slender column of her neck. She has fistfuls of the soft curls at the back of his head and she tugs gently, his name falling from her lips on a sigh. "Peeta..." He shifts her hips, changing the angle and depth of penetration, hitting the sweet spot deep inside and wringing his name from her ruby lips once again. "Peeta!" The thrusts increase in speed as he drives them both towards the edge. He is close, so very close as she shouts his name to the Heavens. "PEETA!" With a start, he realizes that the fight on the ice has ended and that everyone in the arena is sitting down waiting for the referee's to sort out the various penalties to both teams. Everyone that is, except him, and Katniss, who is still perched upon his back, huffing in annoyance as she tugs on his shoulders to get his attention. "Huh? Oh, sorry!" He comes back to earth, praying his boner isn't currently featured on the Jumbotron, and loosens the vice-like grip he had on her legs. "Where'd you go just now?" She asks him as they settle back into their seats. "You had this dreamy far off look in your eyes and this dopey-ass smile on your face. Did you see any of the fight?" "No. I couldn't really see, so I guess I zoned out or…or something." He rubs his hand through the curls brushing the back of his neck, hoping she mistakes the blush sliding across his cheeks as being from the cold air surrounding them. She gives him a dubious look, as if she knows exactly what he'd been thinking, before smiling. "That's too bad, it was a good one! Blood actually bounced on the ice." Her eyes gleam with excitement, not unlike the way did in his short-lived daydream. "Oh, well, maybe next time." He hedges. "Of for sure! Wait til you see what happens when they play the Islanders." She shivers in her seat as she recalls past games. "Fucking brutal." Peeta smiles inwardly as he does a mental happy dance, thrilled about the possibility of spending more time with her. The second period ends with the Rangers leading the Devils 2-1. The crowd around them starts to thin as fans leave for the snack bar or the bathrooms, leaving Katniss and Peeta alone in their section for the intermission. "Did I ever tell you about the time I was thrown out of a hockey game by the Police?" Katniss' question catches him off-guard as they watch the Zamboni make its rounds resurfacing the skate roughened ice until it gleams like glass. "Um, no . I think I would have remembered something like that." If Peeta thought he couldn't be more attracted to her than he already was, he was very wrong. Suddenly the semi-boner that had faded after his unfortunate day dream begins to spring back to life as images of Katniss in prison, complete with naked cat fights, pop into his head. "It happened back in high school. Our team was pretty good, one of the top ranked in Panem. There was this tournament toward the end of the season, just before the playoffs, and someone thought it would be funny if we all threw oranges on the ice after the first goal." She stops at Peeta's look of confusion. "The school colors were black and orange." He nods in understanding and she continues her tale. "Anyway, that happened, and the officials freaked out, but didn't take any action because so many of us were involved. I mean, what were they going to do? Eject the entire student body? So, the game continued on and it just was not our night. The guys couldn't get their shit together and we were down two goals with thirty seconds left in the third, which is like an eternity in hockey, but it didn't matter. I was royally pissed by this time, as you can imagine, and a leftover orange just happened to roll past my feet. I took it as a sign, picked up the orange and whipped it at the opposing team's goalie. Before it even landed two cops were standing at foot of the bleachers yelling that I was out of there." She stops and looks at Peeta, who has been hanging on her ever word. "Then what happened?" He had leaned closer as she was talking, his hand clutching the arm rest, awaiting the rest of her tale. Katniss mimics Peeta's pose with her hand on his, coming closer to his ear to tell the rest. "I waited outside until the game was over then went home with Madge. I heard the team was given a five-minute major because of my actions, but it didn't matter. The game was over by that point anyway. A couple of days later I received a letter from the Superintendent telling me I was no longer welcome at home games." Peeta stares at her in rapt fascination. "So what did you do?" She gives him a smug smile. "I wore my hair tucked up in a hat and sat with the player's parents for the rest of the season. No fucking way was I going to miss a game because of a stupid citrus fruit." "That is so bad-ass." Peeta breathes; his deep blue eyes bright with a mix of awe, adoration and not a tiny bit of lust. "Closest I've ever come to being arrested." Katniss replies with a wink, and squeezes his hand in hers. The air around them hangs heavy with unspoken desire as they continue to gaze at each other. Peeta's eyes are drawn to Katniss' parted lips as her small pink tongue darts out to slowly moisten them. Her cheeks flush crimson, making her olive skin glow under the harsh fluorescent lighting. He watches, fascinated, as her pupils dilate, leaving only slivers of her stormy grey irises. Peeta feels his pulse quicken as Katniss leans forward over the armrest, a look of uncertainty in her eyes as she silently begs permission. In answer, his eyelids slide shut and he leans in as well, drawn towards her like a magnet. He can feel her soft breath, can feel the warmth radiating from her body as she comes nearer, the tip of her nose nuzzling along the side of his. Their lips are a hair's breadth apart, as close as they can be without touching, when someone behind them coughs loudly; breaking the spell completely. Katniss backs away, blushing, while Peeta turns a death glare on the offending gentleman, who doesn't even realize he's killed what could possibly have been the greatest moment of Peeta's life. The moment is officially over as more and more spectators come back to their seats, ready for the final period to begin. Katniss shifts