A/N: This was written for Prompts in Panem – Seven Deadly Sins, Gluttony over on Tumblr. You should go check them all out; there's some fantastic stuff over there! Thank you to Mary for being the best Beta, Pookieh for pre-reading an early draft, Ro Nordmann for the amazing banner and cover art, and Lenai17 on tumblr for daring me to write this after a random post about the male version of Hooters. The white stretch Hummer rolls to a stop in front of the non-descript brick building and idles by the red velvet carpet. There were no windows, no signs or anything at all to advertise what lay behind the glass doors guarded by two large bronze snakes, coiled as if ready to strike at any moment. The name PYTHONS is written in small stylized red lettering across both doors. This, coupled with the black leather-clad behemoth of a man waiting patiently to open the limo door, lends to the overall sense of mystery and intrigue; it's as if we've stumbled into a James Bond film -or an episode of CSI at the very least. At some unseen cue from our driver, the man in black moves forward with a grace belied by his size and opens the door to help us pour ourselves from the limo to wait on the red carpet. "Welcome to Pythons, Miss." I am shocked by his voice, deep and velvety and for some inexplicable reason reminiscent of melted chocolate. "My name is Thresh and it is my pleasure to welcome y'all this evening." It might be the shots of SoCo and lime we did before leaving making me loopy, but I could swear my panties were suddenly drenched just from the silky timbre of his voice. With a smirk, as if he knew the effect his voice was having on me, Thresh gives me a wink then closes the door. The Hummer drives off to wherever limos go while their occupants are running up huge tabs at restaurants, the purr of its engine fading as it disappears into the night. "Right this way, ladies." Thresh escorts us to the glass doors and holds one open for us to enter. Once inside we are greeted by yet another impossibly attractive man; this one tall with a runner's lean body and a head full of wavy red hair. His eyes are the bright green of clover and he's wearing a snug black suit that fits him like a glove. "Good evenin', ladies. Meh name is Darius and I would like to welcome yeh t' Pythons." His soft brogue gives a flirty lilt to his words, making me think of verdant hillsides dotted with white sheep and brawny young men in cable knit sweaters and snug tweed trousers. "Here at Pythons, we believe in a total sensory experience, meanin' there's not only a feast for yeh to eat, but t' see, smell an' hear as well. Yehr encouraged t' enjoy as much as yeh'd like however, we do ask that yeh refrain from…shall we say… handling yehr Server. Breaking this rule will result in immediate expulsion and yeh will no longer be considered a welcome guest." ' What the hell is that supposed to mean?' I wonder to myself at Darius' warning. Clearly there's more to this restaurant than meets the eye. "Now ladies, without further ado, please allow me t'lead yeh to yehr table." Darius turns and moves towards another set of doors, gliding along the marble floor with the fluid grace of a dancer. Before I can take a step, Effie grabs my arm and pulls me off to the side, away from the others. "Listen here, Little Miss Buzz-kill, Madge told me all about you and I don't want any of your angsty bullshit tonight." Her ridiculously long nails dig small half-moons into the soft flesh of my upper arm, which is locked in her iron grip. "I have been with the same man for twenty-five years. Do you know what that means?" She gives me a shake to emphasize her point. "That means I've had to deal with the same fumbling fuck he's been giving me since we were in High School. I need tonight so that I can fantasize about it forever and be able to have sex with my husband. I. Need. Balls. In. My. Face." The look in her eyes is downright lethal as she shakes me once more. Her outburst shocks me into speechlessness, so I just nod in response, rubbing the finger-shaped red spot on my arm. We follow Darius down the hallway to yet another set of doors, this time frosted glass with the same Pythons logo etched across them. To the left of the door is a framed photo of a man standing in a typical Superman pose – legs spread apart, chest out and hands fisted on his hips. His bright smile looks like something out of a toothpaste commercial and he has the most stunning green eyes and tousled bronze hair ever seen on a man. Most noticeable, though, is the fact that all he is wearing is a black mesh tank top and a pair of tiny blue booty shorts that hug him like a second skin. "Holy shit!" Johanna exclaims in surprise. "Annie, is that Finnick?" "Yes, that's him." Annie nods proudly. "He was their top Server until he was promoted to General Manager." "Is that real ?" There's no need to ask Effie what she's referring to as she hasn't taken her eyes off the large bulge in the front of Finnick's shorts. His package resembles a cucumber nestled between two plump hot-house tomatoes. "Yes, it is." Annie blushes, but her shit-eating grin ruins the effect, making her look more like the cat who got the cream than demure. "Jesus, woman! How can you even walk after that?" Johanna's eyes are wide, staring at Annie in rapt fascination and respect. "That…that's just…I can't even!" "How is any of that even sanitary?" Four sets of eyes swing my way, glaring at me for disturbing their reverent perusal of Finnick's massive cock. "I mean, think about it – hair, ball sweat and God knows what else can get all over your food." The silence is deafening as they stare at me as if I've uttered the most heinous sacrilege. Effie side-eyes me and subtly gives me the 'I've got my eyes on you' signal with her index and middle fingers. "Ahem." We turn towards Darius, who is waiting patiently by the open doors to precede us into the main dining room. "Right this way, ladies." It's hard to keep up with Darius as there is a veritable feast of male flesh on display, causing us to stop and stare. All of the waiters are dressed in the same uniform we'd seen in Finnick's photo – tight shorts and mesh tank tops. Each exquisite specimen more perfect than the last; you didn't know where to look first. We finally stumble to our table and settle in as Darius hands out the menus. "Your server will be here momentarily. Enjoy!" With a little bow, he exits the dining room and goes back to his station by the door. While the others are busy enjoying the 'scenery' I busy myself with reviewing the menu. I'm starving, as usual, and right now food trumps hot guy in my book. "Look at the ass on that blond!" Johanna whispers, clearly in awe of whatever fine piece of man-flesh she's found. I look up from the menu and see the ass in question, two tables away from ours. The man is standing with his back to us, bent slightly at the waist, causing his shorts to pull up and give us a peek at the firm roundness of his backside. I have to agree – that is an ass to write sonnets about. I let my eyes wander up to his back and take in the way his blond waves curl over the nape of his neck. The sight triggers something in the recesses of my mind and I feel a sense of déjà vu, but the moment is gone almost as quickly as it came. My gaze trails from his golden curls to his broad shoulders when I notice the tattoo on the back of his left shoulder. It's an image of a flower; a very distinct, very familiar flower. The arrowhead shaped petals are drawn as if they're dancing on the wind, and there's what looks like a drop of rain, or maybe a tear, dangling perilously off one as if any second it will swell to the breaking point and drop to the invisible ground below. ' It's a katniss flower' , I think to myself, 'What the fuck?' Then the blond Adonis turns his head and I feel the déjà vu all over again. I feel my stomach do a slow roll and drop to my toes as I gasp in surprise. "No, it can't be." "Can't be what?" slurs Madge from somewhere next to me. Her bleary eyes are squinting in his direction when he turns completely and my suspicions are confirmed. "Ohmygodkatniss. It's Peeta!" She starts shouting drunkenly and waving to him. "Hey Peeta! Over here!" I duck my head so he can't see me as he walks over to our table with a broad smile on his ridiculously handsome face. "Madge Undersee! How the hell are you?" She gets up from the table and tries to give him a sloppy hug but he stops her by raising his hands. "Sorry, Madge. No touching allowed." Madge gives him a big drunken smile. "Peeta fucking Mellark. God, it's been YEARS!" She turns almost knocking herself down in the process, and introduces him to the rest of the table. "Hey everyone, this is Peeta. Peeta, this is Johanna, my Aunt Effie, and I think you already know Annie. Oh, and of course you remember Katniss." This last bit is said in an annoying sing-song voice that wouldn't be out of place in a middle-school girl's locker room. His gaze whips to me and I see all of the color drain from his face as our eyes lock and recognition sets in. "Hello, Katniss." His voice is exactly the same – warm and smooth as honey with the hint of a sexy rasp – and still has the ability to make me weak in the knees. My heart begins to beat at a rapid tempo as my eyes take in how he's changed in the last five years. Gone is the lanky boy with the wavy golden hair and laughing blue eyes. In his place stands a man, chiseled to perfection like Michelangelo's David come to life. His eyes are still impossibly brilliant blue but they lack the impish spark that always made him look on the brink of mischief. His full lips are set in a firm line over his defined chin that holds the faintest trace of pale blond stubble. Broad shoulders taper to a lean waist and well defined abs. There's a sprinkling of the same pale gold hairs across his ridiculously defined chest, with a thin line below his navel leading to the part of him that I still remember moving inside of me as if it were yesterday. The promise he'd shown as a boy of 18 was more than fulfilled by the man of 23 standing in front of me now. "Hey Peeta." I finally manage to choke out of my mouth, which has suddenly gone very, very dry. As Madge goes on to tell the others, including several eavesdropping tables around ours, about how Peeta and I dated all throughout high school, only to break up the day after our senior Prom, Peeta and I are locked in a staring contest, each refusing to be the one who looks away first. I see the same hurt in his eyes that was there the morning I broke his heart.