A/N: This is the full version of "Writer's Block", which was written for the Spring Fling Fic Exchange on AO3 in 2013. It's based on a prompt submitted by Ameiko, and partially inspired by the film A History of Violence , starring Viggo Mortensen & Maria Bello (my head-canon for this story). A huge thank you to Titania522 for beta-ing this beast, and to Honeylime08 & Bundandbrushes for pre-reading portions. I also want to thank Ro Nordmann for creating such a terrific banner (on Tumblr). You ladies rock my world! Lastly, I want to thank everyone who donated to Fandom4LLS. Whether it was just for the collection of stories, or for the cause itself, your support means the world to those suffering from blood cancers. As the sister of someone who has been living with Leukemia for more than half their life I can personally attest to the difference fundraisers like these make in the fight against the disease. My heartfelt appreciation goes out to every person who participated, and especially to those who spent countless hours putting together the Fandom4LLS website, and collection. Disclaimer: All Hunger Games characters, situations, and lines of dialogue used in this story are the property of Suzanne Collins. " Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!" The Tribute from District 12, the so-called Mockingjay, shouts into the camera as an indictment against the horrors wrought by The Capitol. As the propos fades to black everyone across Panem can feel the change in the air, the subtle shift as the sparks of rebellion begin to catch. The only thing to do now is to wait to see if those sparks will ignite and grow or sputter and fade under the cold frost of tyranny. The leaders of the growing rebellion know that only the Mockingjay can fan the flames into an inferno that will unite the country to the common cause – freedom. The question is – does she have the strength to fly or will her wings be clipped? Effie Trinket re-read the last lines of Pearls from Coal , then slowly closed the book with a sigh and placed it on the shelf with the other eleven books in the Tributes of Panem series. She hadn't expected to like the insanely popular YA series, but to her delighted surprise she devoured book one – Jewels of the District – and proceeded to read the rest of them over the last week, stopping only when her eyes watered, and the words began to blur across the pages. Settling back on the couch, Effie rubbed her tired eyes, and picked up the manila folder lying next to her on the on the purple suede cushion. The Snow Publishing logo was embossed on the front – a pure white rose with a serpent winding around it's thorny stem – and opened it to review what little was known about the elusive author that was her next assignment. Most of the information was already imprinted in Effie's mind, but being almost fanatical in her thoroughness, she proceeded to read it all over again for good measure. Her cornflower blue eyes skimmed the information contained in the dossier. The series was the brainchild of one Haymitch Abernathy, a then unknown author who rose to meteoric fame with the release of Jewels , and has since become something of an enigma in the publishing world. Haymitch has notoriously never granted an interview to discuss the books, or himself, and all contact between him and Snow Publishing is conducted via his legal team of Heavensbee, Cardew & Boggs LLP. In fact, the rough draft of the original manuscript had been submitted to Snow Publishing by them; along with an incredible list of demands should Mr. Abernathy decide to sign a contract. Some of those demands included retaining the majority ownership rights to the intellectual property in all forms – including, but not limited to – print, audio, visual, and online. In an unprecedented move, he also retained the rights to any and all merchandising that could arise from the series, with a small stipend to be given to the publishing house as a retainer of sorts. Most of the publishers the manuscript was submitted to had scoffed at the list of outrageous demands set forth in the cover letter and rejected it without reading. The common consensus was that Haymitch was an uncouth upstart, and how dare he presume to ask them to give up so much potential profit in exchange for the rights to something that may end up being complete rubbish. At the time, Snow Publishing was new to the world of books, and was struggling to make a name for itself in the publishing world. The staff was under strict orders to read everything that landed on their desk, and base their decision of whether or not to purchase on the author's future potential, rather than just on the quality of what they'd submitted. It was in this manner that Haymitch's rough draft of Jewels of the District ended up on the desk of Seneca Crane. At the time, he was a copy editor for non-fiction under Cornelius Snow, and was eager to find the next big thing in literature to prove he had what it took to move up to the fast-paced world of fiction. He was initially shocked by the list of demands in the cover letter, and almost threw it in the reject bin out of hand, but curiosity won out in in the end. Besides, Seneca figured anyone with that much audacity had to have something to back it up. And of course, he had his orders to read anything and everything that crossed his desk. Legend had it that when Seneca finally put down the manuscript four hours later, he immediately called the Snow Publishing in-house legal team and demanded they draw up a contract right away. He knew by the fact that he'd read it straight through without so much as a bathroom break, that he had in his hands something special. Not only was the rough draft almost good enough to publish in its current condition, but the potential for the other books the cover letter had hinted at made dollar signs dance in front of Seneca's eyes. He knew signing this author would be his entrée into the upper echelon of the publishing world and he begged the company to sign him. Naturally, the senior editors were skeptical, and not just because of the demands. It was a rough draft from someone no one had ever heard of and even though there was the hint of more books to come, who knew how if they'd be of the same quality as the original. It was a big risk, but one Seneca was willing to take. He made a deal with them – sign Abernathy and if the book didn't perform, or the subsequent novels were not up to par, or there were issues of any kind, he would pay back all of the money the firm lost on the contract. Cornelius Snow loved a good bet, especially when there was the potential of a life being ruined, so after a modicum of deliberation he agreed to Seneca's terms, and the offer was sent to Plutarch Heavensbee. As a precaution, Snow also had a legal agreement drawn up between him and Seneca regarding the repayment should Haymitch's books not live up to expectations. It was left open-ended, since they didn't have a time-frame for when the remaining books to be written. Seneca, who had no doubts with regard to Haymitch's untested talent, signed on the dotted line with a flourish. It was a decision that would come back to haunt him 12 books and 15 years later. Effie had heard this story many times over the last few years after coming to Snow Publishing from a large PR firm elsewhere in the city. She was widely known for her impeccable manners, and her ability to handle difficult clients with charm and grace. Cornelius Snow hired her specifically to be a "problem solver" of sorts for the authors who felt they weren't getting their fair share of attention from the editors, or were holding out on deadlines, contract renegotiations, or just generally being thorns in the company's side. Her job was to wine and dine them, soothe their egos and get them to finish the book, sign the contract or do the interview, whatever the case may be. She was jokingly referred to as 'The Escort' by the other staff because of how she basically held the hand of the author through the entire process and often times literally escorted their work to the office. She was saved for the more troublesome of the firm's stable of authors but as of yet had not had the opportunity to deal with Haymitch Abernathy. Also included in the thin file were the mediocre results of Snow's obligatory background check on Haymitch. Effie flipped through the short report, non-plussed by the fact that not much was known about the famously reclusive author, other than the name of his attorney's. Public Records noted that he owned 150 acres of mostly woodland in the hills of Kentucky but it was unknown if there was a house or any other structures on the property. Even online satellite searches of the address turned up empty, with blurry images of forests and fields where one would assume a house to be. There were no bank accounts or credit cards in his name and no loans or liens; no financial records of any sort. He didn't have a driver's license, and no passport on file with the U.S. Government. Other than a Social Security Number, there were no other documents on any file anywhere to prove that Haymitch Abernathy even existed. Not even a birth certificate that would have at least provided a link to family. According to an internet search of the multitude of fan-sites devoted to Haymitch and the Tribute series, urban legend was that he lived in a shack on one of his many acres, and could be seen in town selling his home-brewed moonshine commonly known as white liquor. There were also tales that he had a strange preoccupation with geese, and kept a flock on his property, although if they were for hunting or eating was unknown and a subject of heated debate. It was even rumored that he'd been married once but she'd either left him or died while he was in "the war" (which war was never specified). Effie's favorite conspiracy theory was that 'Haymitch Abernathy' didn't really exist at all, and was really the pseudonym used by an alien being marooned here on Earth. The books were purported to be a coded message to his home world stating when and where he could be found by the mother ship. The only other item in the file was a copy of the publicity still that was used for the dust jackets of all the books. It has never been confirmed to actually be a photo of Haymitch since no one ever met him, but since it was provided by his attorney with explicit instructions to use it for all promotional material Seneca had no choice but to go with it. Effie spent a lot of time looking at that photo and she'd come to the conclusion that if it weren't really Haymitch then someone did a very good job of recreating what a drunken reclusive author should look like – medium build, wrinkled blue oxford button-down shirt, greasy black hair that hung below the ears, skin that had the pallor of someone who has never seen the sun – like a death row inmate - and a scowl that looked to be permanently etched into his face. Despite the fact that he looked to be three days into a world-class bender, his eyes were surprisingly sharp and focused. The