I own nothing, no copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Written for Everlarkrecs Dirty December/Naughty New Year's challenge. This is a toned-down version and the original can be found on my Tumbler or AO3 (details in my profile). Thanks to Mary for super-fast beta-ing! Tonight is a very special night for Katniss and me. In addition to being New Year's Eve, it's also our first wedding anniversary. With a little help from Johanna, I think it's going to be a night neither one of us will soon forget. We started planning for this night two weeks ago when packages arrived from Johanna – a large one for me and a smaller one for Katniss. The letters included with them said we weren't to share the contents with each other until - as she put so eloquently – we were ready for the most "mind-blowing, bone-melting, cause your eyes to roll back so far you see your brain orgasm of our lives". Knowing Johanna, we had a pretty good idea what was inside so we decided to save the fun for our anniversary. My 'care package' included a pair of tight silk boxer briefs in a shade of blue that almost matched my eyes, something that resembled a miniature feather duster with three dark purple feathers, a silver cylindrical object that vibrated when you pushed a button on the bottom, a red silk scarf and five shiny new pennies. Also included were Johanna's instructions on how to use these items in conjunction with a game she called "Pennies from Heaven". Frankly, the less I know about what she and Gale do in the bedroom, the better I'll sleep at night, but after seeing the contents of my package, I admit I was….. intrigued . I have no idea what Katniss' package contained, but judging by the blush she's worn since she looked inside, I think it's safe to say it's along the same lines as mine. Just the thought of what Johanna could have possibly sent to her has had me in a constant state of arousal for the last two weeks. In fact, I've already jerked off once today in anticipation, and at the rate I'm going, I'll need to do it again before she gets home if I want to have any chance of lasting tonight. XXX A little while later, I'm just putting the finishing touches on dinner – lamb stew with dried plums and cheese buns - when Katniss comes in through the front door. I meet her in the foyer with a cheese bun fresh from the oven and a bouquet of wildflowers I'd picked from the meadow on my way home from the bakery this afternoon. She takes them both from me with a huge smile on her face and shoves the entire cheese bun in her mouth. " Mmmmm," she moans as she chews, "That is EXACTLY what I needed! I didn't have time to eat lunch today and I am starving!" " Happy Anniversary, Mrs. Mellark," I tell her as I lean in to give her a peck on the lips. I have to admit, I will never get tired of hearing those words. " Happy Anniversary to you as well, Mr. Mellark," she replies after finishing the cheese bun. She wraps her arms around my neck and pulls my head down for a deep, scorching kiss. The flowers drop to the floor, momentarily forgotten, as she winds her fingers into the curls at the base of my neck, trying to pull me even closer. As much as I'd love to stay this way all night, I know I have to stop her so we can eat dinner. " Easy, Tiger," I tell her as I slide her arms from around my neck, "There's plenty of time for that later. Right now, we need to eat the dinner that I slaved all afternoon to make for you." Katniss gives me the full pouty-lip treatment and says, "What if I said I wasn't hungry…for food." She says the last part as she looks up at me through her lashes. I swear it takes every ounce of willpower I have not to throw her over my shoulder and run upstairs to the bedroom when she looks at me like that. " Now, now," I tell her, "Good things come to those who wait, and I have big plans for you tonight." I playfully swat her butt as she bends down to pick up the discarded flowers, earning me a sexy scowl. I take them from her as she goes to climb the stairs to the bedroom and say, "Why don't you go put your things away and I'll put these in some water." I bring the flowers into the kitchen, placing them into an old water jug in lieu of a vase. Once I have them artfully arranged, I take them back out to the dining room and place them in the center of the table. Katniss comes back downstairs a short time later wearing a tight red dress that comes to mid-thigh and has a v-shaped opening in the front. The 'v' in the front dips down, showing a hint of cleavage and making my mouth water. Her long raven hair cascades in waves down her back with one lock falling over her shoulder and curling over her chest. As she gets nearer, I can see that she's also wearing sheer black tights with her black stiletto heels. She comes into the dining room and turns slowly in a circle with her arms out at her sides, letting me have the full effect. When she turns, I notice the tights have thin lines leading up the back, ending somewhere north of her skirt. I start to twitch in my pants at the thought of tracing those lines with my tongue and I have to chug my water glass to cool myself down. " Well," she says, giving me a dazzling smile, "What do you think?" The dress is a deep red, similar to a red delicious apple, and her olive skin is glowing in the candlelight. It takes me a moment to regain the ability to form words, since all of the blood has rushed south of my neck. "Is THAT what Johanna sent in your package?" I finally manage to croak out. " No, the dress came from Delly. Johanna sent me what's UNDERNEATH the dress," she answers coyly. She walks over to where I'm standing, takes my water glass out of my hand and places it on the table. She then runs her hands up my chest and grabs my collar, pulling me down until our lips are almost touching. My hands find their way to her waist and settle on her hips, massaging them gently. " I can't wait to show you what she sent," she whispers against my mouth as she runs her hands up into my hair. "But first…we should eat… this delicious…dinner…you…prepared." She punctuates each break with a kiss, leaving me lightheaded and breathless. I thrust my hips forward slightly as I pull her closer so she can feel the effect she's having on me and we both groan at the contact. Katniss' eyes flutter closed as her head falls back, exposing the long curve of her neck. I drop my head and pepper kisses from the sensitive hollow at the base of her throat up along the side of her neck to her ear, gently nipping on the lobe. I'm rewarded with a moan low in her throat and a tug on my hair, which she's now grasping in her fists. " Two can play at this game, love," I whisper before running my tongue along the shell of her ear. I feel her shiver as my warm breath cascades over her ear and the sensitive skin behind it. " Oh, Peeta," she sighs as she runs her hands down my back and starts trying to pull up my sweater and undershirt. " Oh no you don't," I tell her playfully as I slip her hands out from behind me. "You need to learn to keep your hands to yourself, young lady. I'm not that kind of man." " HA," she snorts in response. "You are SO that kind of man, but that's part of why I love you." " Only for you, darling, only for you," I tell her as I give her a quick kiss on the nose. I take her hands and lead her to the table where she takes her seat, spreading the cloth napkin across her lap. Once she's settled, I walk slowly to my chair, allowing her time to check me out. I'm wearing a dark-green v-neck sweater with a black tee-shirt underneath and what Katniss refers to as my "awesome butt" jeans. They were once dark blue but have faded to a soft medium-blue with repeated washings and ride low on my hips but are snug enough to curve around my ass perfectly. What she loves most about them, though, is that the back pockets are starting to separate from the rest of the fabric, leaving ever-growing holes in the back that allow glimpses of what I have on underneath (or not on, as the case may be). Right now, she's getting her first peek of the blue silk boxer briefs from Johanna. Katniss knows all of my undergarments and that I don't have anything else in that color, so I know she's curious. Just to be a tease, I stop by my chair and bend over, making sure she has a full view of my tight behind. I hear her gasp and I know she's enjoying herself. I straighten back up, then pull out my chair and sit. The rosy blush on Katniss' cheeks would have given away that she'd been staring, even if I hadn't heard her sharp in-take of breath. I give her my best cocky grin and wink, which causes her to snort again and roll her eyes. With a laugh, I raise my wine glass to her and say, "Katniss, this past year has been more wonderful than I ever dreamed it could be. You make my life complete and I look forward to many, many more years together. I love you." She raises her glass as well and says, "I love you, too, Peeta. I was so afraid to open myself up after seeing what happened with my parents, but you showed me that it was okay to be vulnerable, to let myself feel again, to let love into my heart. You snuck up on me, Peeta Mellark, and I couldn't be happier." We salute each other with our glasses and then take a drink of the ruby-red liquid, never taking our eyes off one another. XXX Dinner passed by quickly with very little conversation. There was, however, a lot of heated stares going back and forth across the table and some footsie going on below, getting the two of us both hotter and hotter. When we were both done eating, I had Katniss go sit in the living room to wait for me while I cleared the dishes. In record time, I had everything in the dishwasher and the leftovers put away for tomorrow. On the way out of the kitchen, I refill our wine glasses and grab the pot of Aztec chocolate I'd had warming on the stove. I bring everything into the living room and see that Katniss has discovered the selection of goodies I'd prepared for dipping in the chocolate – chunks of pineapple, a variety of marshmallows and of course, juicy red strawberries. I place the pot of chocolate on the chafing dish I'd set up on the mahogany coffee table earlier and hand Katniss her wine as I sit down beside her. The chafing dish is part of a set we received as a wedding gift from Effie with a card saying 'Fondue is the next big, big, big