"Is there any chance I can talk you into wearing Leia's gold bikini?" Gale asks as he enters the room, his shiny knee high boots clomping across the hardwood floor. "Not even a little bit," she replies as she adjusts the pins holding her braids close to her head, the ends of which have been teased into a spiky pouf that flops jauntily over her brow. He watches as she adjusts the silky violet tie, pulling it down slightly and unbuttoning the collar of her starched white button-down shirt. The crease of her navy pinstripe trousers follows the line of her leg to rest atop the canvas dingy white high-top Chuck Taylors. Slipping on the matching jacket, Katniss turns sideways, adjusting the cuffs and lapels as she does. Truly, this suit was a magnificent find in the bargain bin at the local thrift shop - too small for a man, but perfect for Katniss' petite frame. Completing the costume was easy – a white shirt from her cater-waiter days, a tie from her uncle Haymitch; she already had the sneakers and the sonic screwdriver. "I still don't understand why you want to dress up like a dude for Halloween," Gale comments as he watches her in the mirror's reflection. "And this coming from the man currently wearing leather pants, boots and a cape," she murmurs as she slips a pair of 3-D glasses into her breast pocket. "Yeah," he replies with the bravado of a nine-year old boy defending his hero, "but Darth Vader is a Sith Lord, not to mention totally awesome. You're just dressed up like some skinny British alien dude that likes to fly around in a phone booth." Sighing, Katniss turns to Gale, "As opposed to a heavy-breathing alien robot dude that flies around in a starship?" "Totally different," he says as he attaches the long satin cape around his neck and unfurls it around his shoulders. Katniss shakes her head as she leaves the room, Gale following close behind. Out in the living room she picks up the duster jacket she borrowed from Rory, and shakes it out before draping it over her arm. She can sense Gale watching her, which isn't unusual, but for some reason tonight it makes her uneasy. Lately Gale's been acting odd, touching her arm or the small of her back as they walk, lingering over hugs and smiling at her in a way that makes her feel like he knows some big secret and is waiting for the right moment to let her in on it. They've been friend, best friends, for years and that relationship suited Katniss just fine. Now, though, she gets the feeling Gale is looking for more, for something she's not sure she's prepared to give. The feel of Gale's hand on her forearm brings her back to reality, and she turns to him with a smile. Before she can say a word, Gale is kissing her, his hands holding her head in place as his chapped lips press against hers with bruising force. The kiss is hard, his lips firm and unyielding, momentarily stunning Katniss. The rasp of his tongue against her closed lips shocks her, and her mouth opens in surprise, giving him entry. It is not pleasant, and Katniss finally regains control of her senses enough to push him away. "What the actual fuck, Gale?!" she practically screeches at him as she wipes saliva from her chin. "I'm not going to apologize, Katniss," he replies, "I had to do that, just once, to see if what I'm feeling is one sided." She stares at him in disbelief, "So, what? You thought you could man-handle me and I'd be ok with that? Did it ever occur to you to just ask me, Gale? Fuck, you are such a goddam Neanderthal." He crosses to her, and she pulls away, disgusted. "Catnip…I…I thought you knew how I felt, how I've always felt. I assumed that's why you never dated anyone else." Katniss laughs. "You assumed ? Gale, you know how I feel about relationships. Did you really think I would change my mind with a kiss ?" Gale has the grace to look chagrined at her words. "Like I said, I had to try." "Yeah, well, I really wish you hadn't," she answers as she walks out the door. After a tense ten minute walk, they arrive at Delly and Thom's house where the party is in full swing. 'Monster Mash' blares from the open windows as costumed revelers mingle in and out of the various rooms, each decorated with a different horror-movie theme. Although they enter the house together, Katniss quickly leaves Gale's side and heads to the kitchen where the keg is set up. Accepting a cup of amber froth from a poor man's Walking Dead zombie knock-off, she takes it outside and sits on the padded bench of the porch swing. She blows off the foam and takes a big drink of her beer, nearly retching at the bitter, hoppy taste. ' Great, they went for bargain beer again,' she thinks miserably but finishes it off anyway in several gulps. She sets the cup on the small table next to the swing, and uses the tip of her shoe to push off gently, willing the beer to do its work and help her relax. As the swing pendulums back and forth, she can feel the alcohol begin to wind its way through her veins, tempering the burning anger she's had since Gale's kiss. "How dare he," she whispers to the cool night, "How fucking dare he think he can just…just do that. Like I'm going to be so overcome with passion that I can forget his caveman ways?" Once the initial fire burns down, Katniss tries to think objectively about the situation with Gale. He has a point – she never dates, and never shows interest in anyone but him. At this thought, a flash of laughing blue eyes surrounded by long golden lashes pops into her head, but she quickly dismisses it – no use dwelling on something that never had a chance to begin with – and moves her sluggish concentration back to Gale. Maybe she was too hard on him. She's never been good with surprises, tending to lash out or flee when things got too intense. After all, it was just a kiss, right? And if she's being totally honest, it wasn't that bad. True, she has only one other to compare it with, and that was over so quickly it almost doesn't count, but all in all Gale's attempt was decent; nice even. Again, the image of blue and gold pops into her head, unbidden and certainly unwelcome after all this time, and she quickly tamps it down. Feeling slightly guilty, not to mention tipsy, Katniss decides she owes Gale an apology. He is her best friend, and if she can't forgive him, then their friendship is meaningless. She stops the swing, grabs her cup and makes her way back into the kitchen. She pumps the tap and pours herself another cup of liquid courage, downing it quickly to avoid as much of the low-cost taste as she can then sets off to find Gale. Katniss makes her way through the various rooms – the American Horror Story – Circus-themed living room teeming with creepy clowns laughing maniacally from the walls and ceilings; the Hostel-style dining room, complete with severed heads and other body parts covered in gelatinous blood – looking for Gale. Finally, at the end of the hallway she finds him standing at the window of what looks like Delly's office. The room is dark except for the moonlight shining in, bathing the room in pale greys and blues. His back is to her, and she sees he's still wearing his helmet. He must either be really upset with her, or just wants to get his money's worth out of the thing. Honestly, why he had to have the one that included a voice changer is beyond her. Quietly, she pads closer until she's an arms-length from his back. "Hey," she stage-whispers, and stifles a laugh when he jumps, whipping around so quickly that his cape flaps against her legs. Staring up into the dead black eyes of the mask, Katniss feels suddenly nervous. Out on the porch it seemed like a good idea to find Gale and apologize, but now that she's here she's not sure what to say. The helmet tilts to the side in question, but says nothing. Taking a deep breath, Katniss dives in. "So, listen. I've been thinking about what happened earlier, and I wanted to say I'm sorry for reacting the way I did." The figure before her crosses its arms, but still doesn't say a word. "You surprised me with that kiss, Gale," she continues, "I…I wasn't ready." Finally, he speaks, or rather the helmet's robotic voice does, "Wait, I…" Katniss doesn't let him continue. "Just stop for a second. You know I'm not good with words, and if you interrupt I may not be able to get this all done." "But, Katniss, I'm not…." she stops him with a hand on his arm. She knows it's just the alcohol coursing through her system, but in the back of her mind she thinks something is different about Gale. His forearm feels thicker, more muscular than usual, as if he does a lot of work with his hands. Another vision swims across her eyes, this time of strong flour-hands kneading mounds of dough, which she quickly sweeps aside. "Gale, I know, you're not sorry about the kiss. And…and…if you aren't too mad at me, I'd like to try again. You know, now that I'm ready. For it. I mean." At this his arms drop to his sides, and his head jerks back as if struck. "Katniss," the monotone voice pleads, "I don't think that's…" She quiets him by reaching up and pushing the mask back, just enough to free the bottom half of his face. She marvels at the fullness of his lips. 'How did I never notice that before? ' she asks herself as she runs her fingertip along his jaw. In the moonlight the soft stubble along his chin glows white, almost translucent, and feels as soft as down. Before he can say a word Katniss reaches her hand behind his neck and pulls him down, meeting his lips with hers. This kiss is the polar opposite of the one in Gale's apartment – tender, gentle, and infinitely more devastating. The tip of her tongue reaches out, questioning, and he responds in kind with light touches that intoxicate her more than the crappy beer she had earlier. She pulls the helmet off and drops it to the floor, lost in the sensations his kiss elicits, and plunges her hands in his hair. 'So silky,' she thinks as her hand plays with the short hairs at his nape. With a very un-Gale-like moan, he deepens the kiss, his gloved hands cradling her cheeks as his mouth moves sensuously over hers. Katniss eyes open and she's met with silver surrounded by nearly white lashes. 'Amazing how the colors change in moonlight,' her muddled mind thinks. A waft of cinnamon mixed with something musky teases her nose, and in her defenseless state the memories from several years ago come rushing back. Madge dragged her to the party senior year of High School. It was the last one before graduation, and she insisted that Katniss needed to 'live a little' before heading off to University. Despite her best efforts to the contrary, Katniss found herself roped into playing Spin the Bottle with the rest of the drunken crew later that evening. Luckily, the odds were in her favor, and the bottle passed her by spin after spin. Eventually, though, that luck ran out and when the spinning glass receptacle stopped, it was pointing directly at her, no doubt about it. Gulping,