A/N: This story was inspired by the song Midnight Confessions by The Grass Roots, and some lyrics have been incorporated into the story. Special thanks to Vondervogelweide & Titania522 for pre-reading, and betaing. Your comments and suggestions helped make a story out of a big mess. I'd like to give a big thank you hug to Ro Nordmann for another wonderful banner. Lastly, a gigantic thank you to Streetlightlove1for spear-heading Smut2SaveLives and spreading the word about Hope for Caroline and DIPG, as well as to all the authors, artists, and fans who contributed to this wonderful cause! " Squeeze my tits, Peeta!" Katniss' sultry moan commands as she circles her hips and plunges down on my cock. I gladly comply, reaching up to cradle the soft mounds before tugging hard on her nipples, making her whimper and arch her back, pushing her heaving breasts further into my waiting hands. I bend my knees slightly and using the mattress for leverage I match her movements with eager thrusts of my own. " Fuck, Peeta….I'm so close." She pants as she races towards her climax, with me following closely behind. High pitched mewls pour from her throat, signaling her impending orgasm. My hands slide to her waist, holding her fast as I tilt my hips, pushing deeper and deeper until I hit the spot that never fails to send her over the edge. " Peeta!" she screams as she comes, her walls fluttering madly around my cock. With one final thrust I join her, crying out in my own ecstasy. "Katniss!" Her name rips from between my lips, and the hand wrapped around my softening cock slows its frantic movements as the high from my orgasm begins to ebb. With a deep sigh I feel around for the towel I keep next to the bed for moments like this and use it to mop the rapidly cooling evidence of my release from where it has pooled on my stomach. Sitting up I glance at the clock and see 12:00 am shining in neon blue numbers. Once again Katniss has woven her way into my thoughts; interrupting my circadian rhythm and enticing my body. Wet dreams are nothing new, but when you keep baker's hours, being woken up every few days by lurid dreams four hours before your alarm is set to go off can have a detrimental effect on a man's psyche. "Shit," I mutter as I stand and run my clean hand over my face then make my way to the bathroom to wash-up. I don't bother with the lights, or putting any clothing on; there's no one else in the apartment to see me walking around naked. The light from the fridge is almost blinding as my sleepy eyes grow accustomed to the light, and I have to blink rapidly to regain focus. Reaching past the milk I pull out a bottle of Sam's and twist off the cap, tossing it into the trash as I take a long swig of the amber liquid and amble back to my lonely bedroom. This isn't the first time I've found myself awake at midnight, cock in hand and thoughts of Katniss running through my head. She's been living in this building for a year now, and I don't think a week has passed that didn't find me wide awake after dreaming of her, longing to take her into my arms and make those dreams a reality; to hold her close to me in our bed at night and tell her how much I love her. Unfortunately I don't see that happening, considering the fact that aside from a quick 'Hello' when we happen to be at the mailbox in the lobby at the same time we've never really spoken to one another. I want to talk to her; to introduce myself and get to know her, but she always seems so closed off with her ever present scowl serving as a warning to stay away. Despite her cool exterior, or perhaps because of it, I find her intriguing, like a puzzle box that once solved will open to reveal the most precious of treasures. Last week she was looking at something on the table in the lobby, and I tried to start a conversation with her, but was met with a steely glare that pierced my confidence like an arrow. Instead I go back to watching her in silence, wishing for the day when she finally notices me and smiles instead of frowns. It's only here, in the inky darkness of my lonely apartment, that I'm free to admit my feelings, to tell the world how I love Katniss Everdeen, to say the words that I want to so badly. The beer goes down quickly, leaving a pleasant warmth in its wake. I know from experience that sleep won't come easily after one of my Katniss-dreams, so instead I turn on the TV and prop myself up against the pillows to binge watch Law & Order: SVU until the sun comes up and I can get ready for work. The next afternoon, as I'm picking up my mail, I feel a prickling sensation on the back of my neck. Goosebumps rise along my forearms as the sound of her footsteps tells me that she's near. The beguiling scent of vanilla mixed with earthy notes of wood and musk swirling in the air confirms she's close and my pulse races at her proximity. I steal glances at her out of the corner of my eye as she retrieves her mail from the shiny golden box. I try desperately to calm my body's instinctive response to hers as she carelessly flips through a small pile of letters, but I know I'm a goner when the bored expression on her face morphs into a warm, generous smile at the sight of a small pink envelope covered in flowery purple script. With a squeal of joy she eagerly tears open the letter and pulls out the folded sheets with such force that they snag on the envelope, ripping a small corner of the delicate paper. Her stormy eyes fly back and forth as she reads the letter, laughing now and again at its contents. The sultry tones of her honeyed voice stir latent feelings deep in my gut. It's rare to see her without the scowl, and I take it as a sign that maybe this time she won't shoot me down with one of her icy glares. Before my brain can talk me out of it, my mouth opens and the words come tumbling out. "It must be a pretty funny letter." She looks at me in shock, blinking as if she didn't realize I'd been standing next to her all this time. "Sorry?" I gesture at the letter in her hand. "What you're reading. It must be pretty funny for you to laugh so hard." Her eyes narrow to silver slits as she contemplates my face, and I wait for the inevitable brush off, like she's done so many times before. To my surprise, she actually answers. "It's my sister. She's in nursing school, and she likes to send me funny stories about patients she's tended." "Oh, well…that's cool." I trail off, my heart beating in my throat as I try not to show my excitement at having her actually talk to me. Silence descends upon us, and I feel sweat start to trickle down the back of my neck from the intensity of her gaze. I decide enough progress has been made for one day and maybe it's best to cut my losses and get away before I embarrass myself any further. "Ok, so I gotta go…" "It's Peeta, right?" She interrupts, stunning me when she holds out her free hand. "I'm Katniss." Seconds drag by before I'm able to unstick my tongue from the roof of my mouth to reply. "Yeah, I'm Peeta. Peeta Mellark." I take her hand and feel a jolt of electricity shoot straight up my arm and explode throughout my body when we touch. I'm confident she feels it too by the way her eyes widen as she gasps slightly. "It's nice to meet you, Katniss." A hesitant smile spreads across her face as we shake hands, and her eyes take on a strange sheen, almost as if she's relieved. "Nice to meet you, too, Peeta. Guess I'll see you around?" Before I can answer she slips her hand from mine and starts to walk away, pausing at the front door to give me another small smile before exiting out into the cold winter air. My mind races as I try to comprehend what just happened, and what the look in her eyes could mean. If it wasn't for the lingering scent of her perfume in the air I would think I'd imagined the whole scene. As it is I can't believe I spoke to her, let alone that she knew my name. With a lighter heart, I close my mailbox and bound up the stairs to my apartment feeling buoyant with renewed hope. The foreign sound of a knock at the door later that evening startles me as I rarely have visitors. Opening it I am further shocked to find Katniss on the other side, looking beautiful as ever. Her hair, normally confined to a long braid, is loose and cascades down her back like a chocolate waterfall and my fingers itch to bury themselves deep in the silky tresses. She's wearing snug black yoga pants and a pale grey pullover sweater that turns her eyes into pools of silver. Just a hint of lace from the camisole she's wearing underneath peeks out from the v-neck of the sweater, a tease of what lies beneath. Her shy smile takes my breath away, as does the rosy flush creeping up her cheeks to give her tawny skin a warm, healthy glow. "Hey…ah…sorry to bother you, but…um…some of your mail got mixed up with mine, so I thought I'd bring it over." I'm taken aback by her stammer, and the way she looks around nervously, avoiding my eyes. My brain ceased functioning as soon as I opened the door, so it takes a moment for her words to register. I finally notice she's holding an envelope, which I take from outstretched hand, and for a split second our fingers touch. Again I feel a jolt that makes the hair on my arms stand at attention. Katniss' blush spreads down her neck to the shadowy valley between her breasts. I can't help but imagine following that path with my lips then detour to take one of her sweet, pink nipples in my mouth and taste her glorious skin. Her sharp intake of breath pulls my mind back from its wandering, saving me from an embarrassing situation in my sweatpants. "Thanks for bringing this over." I rip open the envelope to give my hands something to do other than reaching for her. "I don't know if I would have survived without learning how to save 15% or more on car insurance." She rewards me with an encore of her hearty laugh from earlier, causing a delicious tingle to spread throughout my body. I know without a doubt that her laugh is my most favorite sound on this planet and I want nothing more than to hear it all day, every day, for the rest of my life. "Well then I'm glad I stopped by. I wouldn't want your demise to be on my conscience." She jokes, looking up at me from underneath a fringe of nearly-black lashes. A not uncomfortable silence descends as we continue to stand in my doorway, smiling at one another. I can't tell if she's interested, or if she thinks I'm a lunatic, but I certainly hope for the former. A ding from the kitchen tells me the timer has gone off on the oven, and instinctively my head turns toward the sound. "Oh, I'm sorry, I