A/N: Thank you to marycontrary82 for the awesome beta skills, whiskeysnarker for the advice and Ro Nordmann for the awesome banner (posted on my Tumblr, details at the end). As always, I own nothing; it is all the wonderful creation of Suzanne Collins. " Fire is catching! And if we burn, you burn with us!" The Tribute from District 12, now known as the Mockingjay, shouts into the camera. As the propos fades to black everyone across Panem can feel the change in the air, the subtle shift as the sparks of rebellion begin to catch. The only thing left to do now is to see if those sparks will ignite or sputter and fade under the cold frost of tyranny. The leaders of the growing rebellion know that only the Mockingjay can fan the flames into an inferno that will unite the country to the common cause – freedom. The question is – does she have the strength to fly or will her wings be clipped? Effie Trinket read the last lines of Pearls from Coal once again and then turned off her Kindle with a sigh and looked out the window of the plane. She was on her way to Kentucky to meet with Haymitch Abernathy, the author of Pearls and her latest "assignment" for Snow Publishing. She closed her eyes and thought back to the meeting she'd had yesterday with Seneca Crane regarding the details of her assignment. Haymitch was the author of the incredibly popular Young Adult series, Tributes of Panem and the last book of the series, Song of the Mockingjay , was due to be released in conjunction with the movie version of the first book, Jewels of the District . In order for the first run of books to be printed on time, the final draft of the manuscript would have to be on Seneca's desk by Monday morning. If it wasn't, the CEO of the Company, Coriolanus Snow, would invoke a 'penalty clause' in Haymitch's contract that would make Seneca financially responsible for any overage costs, lost profits, etc. It was Effie's job to pay Haymitch a visit and convince him to meet his deadline, by whatever means she deemed necessary. She was known throughout the publishing world as "The Escort" for her unique ability to coax reluctant authors into meeting their deadlines and her habit of always escorting their manuscripts to the office herself. She never threatened them and she never did anything that was considered immoral or illegal. She relied on her impeccable manners and was unfailingly polite, to the point that the authors felt compelled to give her whatever she wanted for fear of insulting her sensibilities. Her success rate so far was perfect, and she had no reason to think the Abernathy case would be any different. Effie opened her eyes and pulled out her laptop to review the file Seneca had given her, including a photo of the notoriously reclusive author. The information was pretty basic – unknown author comes out of nowhere with a hugely successful first book that's quickly followed up by eleven others over the span of six years. Every request for an interview is always turned down and all public information is handled by his legal team - Heavensbee, Cardew & Boggs LLP. His quarterly royalty checks were sent to his home in Gudgel, KY, a small town on the outskirts of Lawrenceburg that isn't big enough to have any US Census data available, and Effie's current destination. It is also widely known that Haymitch is a bit of a drinker and the fact that he lives near the Wild Turkey bourbon distillery is not lost on Effie. This won't be the first time she's had to drag a writer from the bottom of a bottle and it probably won't be the last. Effie scrolled through the pages until she came to the photo of Haymitch that Snow Publishing had been using for years. It's the only publicity shot approved by the legal team and as such it is used in all related advertising and also for the hard cover edition dust jackets. The photo has to be at least six or seven years old and she doubts he still looks the same; not if his drinking is as extreme as urban legend contends. There's just something about the picture that keeps her coming back - and if she's being completely honest with herself - gave Mr. Haymitch Abernathy a starring role in her dreams last night. At first glance, he looked just like what you'd expect from a drunk – medium build, wrinkled blue oxford button-down shirt and khaki pants, greasy black hair that hung below the ears, olive toned skin that looked sallow and a smirk that hinted he knew what you were thinking and didn't give a damn. Once you got passed all of that, it was his eyes that stood out and grabbed your attention. They were a stunning mix of colors – mostly grey with hints of light blue throughout and rimmed in dark green. They seemed to penetrate deep into your soul and Effie found herself getting lost in them every time she looked at the photo. Lord, what I would do for those eyes, Effie thought to herself. Just then, the Pilot announced they were on final approach to the Buzzards Roost Airport in Lawrenceburg and all electronic devices needed to be turned off. Effie glanced at the photo again and then closed the file and shut down her laptop before putting it away. She looked out the window as the ground rapidly approached, but all she saw was a smirk and the flash of quicksilver eyes. hehehehehehehehehehe After arriving in Lawrenceburg, Effie rented a car and programmed the address given to her by Seneca from Haymitch's royalty checks into the GPS. Within moments she was on her way to Gudgel, and, hopefully, a quick resolution to the issue of the final draft. About fifteen minutes later, she turned onto McDonald Road and drove on towards the tiny town of Gudgel. The road was windy and bordered on either side by green hills and swaying trees. She'd gone less than 2 miles when the trees cleared and she came upon an intersection with a blinking yellow light. There wasn't much around the intersection. On one side, there was a diner called "Sae's" that looked as if it were stuck in the 60's, complete with a neon sign advertising ' Cold Beer' and a giant plastic chicken out front holding a sign proudly proclaiming ' Best Chicken & Waffles in Anderson County!' On the other side was a gas station that seemed to at least be from this century, but could use a good sweep and a fresh coat of paint. There were no houses or other buildings around in any direction. The GPS told her to make a left at the intersection and she continued on until the chipper voice announced "Destination". Effie slowed down, but all she could see was an old logging trail off to the right - basically just two dirty ruts in the otherwise grassy ground. However, one she turned onto the trail, she saw the Mockingjay symbol from the books painted on a small sign hanging from one of the trees. Effie couldn't help but laugh at how clever Haymitch had been in hiding his location in plain sight. The path had several sharp turns, to the point where Effie thought she was headed back towards the road, when finally the woods cleared and the house itself came into view. It stood at the crest of the hill with a semi-circular gravel driveway in the front. It wasn't large by conventional standards, but it was certainly bigger than what Effie had been expecting. It was two stories with wood siding that was stained a dark color with a hint of red, like mahogany, and the windows had dark green shutters. The front door was also dark green and had a lovely brass knob and knocker. Effie guessed the knocker was just for decoration as it was unlikely there were many visitors way out here. Off to the left of the house was a three-stall detached garage that looked like a smaller version of the house, down to the green shutters. Effie pulled up in front of one of the doors and looked around from inside the car. She could see a light on in the room above the garage, but from her angle she couldn't see if anyone was inside. She turned off the car and grabbed her messenger bag before getting out and walking to the front door. She lifted the knocker and rapped three times, waiting for someone to answer. As she stood on the threshold, Effie felt a prickle on the back of her neck, making the soft, fine hairs there stand on end. She turned quickly and looked around, seeing no one around. A movement from the room above the garage caught her eye, but it happened so quickly she couldn't be sure it hadn't been her imagination. Effie shook her head at herself for being silly and turned back to the door. She couldn't shake the feeling that someone was watching her, though. She was about to knock again when the door swung open, revealing a young woman who was glaring at her with intense suspicion and dislike. The woman had the same olive skin and dark hair as Haymitch; however hers trailed over her shoulder in a long braid. She also had similar scowling grey eyes, but they were missing the sparkle that his held. Effie guessed this girl was a relative, but not a daughter. "Who are you?" the woman demanded, still scowling and trying to block the door with her slight frame. "My name is Effie Trinket and I'm here to see Haymitch Abernathy, please," she replied, completely ignoring how rude this young woman was being. Rather than answering, the dark haired woman crossed her arms and took a defensive stance. "What do you want with him?" "It's a private matter and I must speak with him directly. Please let him know that I am here." Effie demanded in her sweetest voice. Effie saw the angry color rising in the younger woman's face and just as she looked about to explode, another woman came up behind her. "Who is it, Katie?" she asked the first woman. This one seemed to be the polar opposite of the other – wavy blonde hair, blue-eyes that radiated kindness and a warm smile. She looked from Katie to Effie, waiting for an answer. When none was forthcoming, she pushed Katie aside and stepped forward. "Hello, I'm Rosemary Everdeen and this is my sister, Katie. I'm sorry for her lack of manners but she spends most of her time in the woods and is generally more comfortable around squirrels than people." She held her hand out to Effie, who was momentarily stunned by her words. Katie threw a look at her sister that conveyed exactly what she thought of the comment before storming back into the house with a huff. "I…I…uh," stammered Effie as she shook Rosemary's hand, who chuckled at Effie's discomfort. "I'm sorry; I just can't resist teasing her. She really doesn't have the best people skills and we rarely get visitors out here so she's suspicious of everyone. Still, she's my sister and I love her. Now, please come in." "Effie Trinket," she blurted in answer to Rosemary. "My name is Effie Trinket and I work for Snow Publishing." "Ah," Rosemary nodded in understanding. "You're here for Haymitch. He's up in his office, most likely drunk. Come on, I'll take you." She came out onto the steps and closed the door behind her and then motioned for Effie to follow her to the garage. Together they climbed the outside stairs to the door leading to the office above the garage. Rosemary opened the door slightly