Author's Note: I found a prompt on tumblr and rolled with it; I don't own it. My amazing roommate is helping me edit and I couldn't thank her enough, Jackie S. Also, I am obviously not the queen JKR, bless her soul, so I don't own HP or any characters or any of that jazz. First fic, leave me something to improve onn or what you liked about it or what you'd want to see happen or whatevvvvs. Kthanks. " Here's the prompt I worked off of (again, I don't own the prompt, thx to whoever does): A modern AU where Hermione never got her letter. Hermione Granger had always been odd. Terribly brilliant and scathingly ruthless, her perception of the world had made her the object of schoolyard jests, her peers doling out punishment by virtue of her strangeness, children terrifying in the dangerous manner only children are capable of. And so alone in her room, she made her dolls move by her will. That was years ago. Now all grown up, she becomes, almost obsessively, determined to prove that more than will, magic reinforced her spine. And by God, if there's a whole different world out there, Hermione will be part of it - even if she has to claw her way in. So when a pretty boy shows up, all sharp lines, and light hair, and the snark of old rich, she is drawn to him and the mark on his arm. He is well-versed in manipulation and the sorcery of the dark, and when he offers her a hand to beckon her come, she takes it." The campus was overtly crowded, only owing to the fact it was freshman orientation, a rush of young, ripe minds scattered and chatting with vigor all around. They seemed to be everywhere; pooled in great numbers around the old oaks in the open courtyard, sitting in the sun anxious on the stone fountain, hanging on the railings that laced the granite steps up to the Roost, a creative name given to the large castle-like structure that held plenty of large classrooms and lecture halls. The rest of the academic buildings flowed off the Roost in smaller turrets, making it look more like something out of a fairytale than a university campus. But Hermione had more on her mind than annoying freshman thinking university would be all its hyped up to be. They won't even realize how cracked up this place is until it's too late, she thought to herself as she studied the scene below her from one of the Roost's upper classrooms. What a bloody shame, she gazed on and saw a red headed girl smiling at her blonde friend, seemingly without a care about studying, money, or her future. The girl looked normal enough; with a small bag next to her feet she stretched out on the fountain and put her head back into the sun. Her red hair shone bright and the blonde beside her continued talking with a lofty gaze at her friend, pointing to the other girl's hair occasionally as if some bug wouldn't leave her alone. The more Hermione watched the more she thought about her past; it would be so easy to forget the feeling of never belonging, if only she could feel like she belonged anywhere. As she stared at the girls, talking away without a care in the world, she thought about her own freshman orientation, and how much she was mistaken into thinking university schooling might be a little better than the disgusting experiences of high school. She had never fit in, too intelligent for the likings of even the more pristine teachers at her school, and it started to bother her classmates too. She grew a thick skin quick and with it came a temper to match as her parents couldn't understand why she couldn't let go of her desperate need to be somewhere else, something different and new and better. Maybe it had to do with the fact there was definitely something more than just her soul coursing through those veins of hers; she knew it had to be something more, something magical . The first time she had made anything happen was in first grade, when a stout, spoilt boy called Dudley had made her cry by pulling her braid and calling her stupid. She had hid behind the slide on the playground and wished and wished and wished that he would just be quiet, he was always so mean, when all of sudden she heard his loud whiny voice stop short. When she looked around the side of the slide, he was clutching his face, flushed red and huge, his throat swollen shut as he could not force his mouth open no matter what he did. He waved his hands wildly again and again, but his friends did nothing as he eventually began to cry. He ran to the teachers for help. He didn't come back for a long time, Hermione remembered, and no one seemed to tell the story the same after he got back. They claimed it was a bee sting, he had swallowed it. He had always been allergic, nothing more, or a problem with his teeth growing in, but Hermione felt like it was something different, something bigger. When she told her parents they laughed, said her imagination was marvelous for her age, and asked if she were writing this story up for her teacher. That night, lying in bed Hermione couldn't sleep; she sat up in bed staring at her stuffed cat. She stared and stared for some time; it was late and cold, but she didn't care, she sat up anyway, and as she willed her mind a little further, her skin began to tingle as the cat changed color slowly before her eyes from orange to purple. She fell asleep smiling that night, clutching a purple cat, and feeling the residual little bits of magic gently flow out of her and into her dreams. In the morning, her mother questioned her as to where she got the purple cat, when they had not bought two and they knew orange to be her favorite. When she tried to explain her mother didn't understand; it didn't make sense that her daughter could think something into changing color. It wasn't natural, remarkable yes, but definitely not natural. And so it definitely was false. They didn't speak of it again, and that night Hermione changed it back to orange. She learned then that her secret was not something all people believed in, and her parents definitely did not understand. It was not something they had learned from young like she, and so it was not easy to accept. She continued to use her magic through her childhood, to get back at bullies sometimes, but mostly when playing on her own. She chanced to show her best friend Margaret in the fourth grade, and Margaret screamed when Hermione had floated the teacups over to them from the top of the dresser. They fell abruptly and shattered to the floor, when Margaret's mom came in, and scolded them for climbing the dresser to get the cups. Hermione never really got to play with Margaret again after that. By high school, she realized no one else should be told, or cared to know anyway, so why tell anyone? Why even try to convince them there was something unique about her when everyone else would just dismiss it? She got into her studies, determined to find something else she could be good at; academia proved that and more for her despite her cynical look on things. She became top of her class, she never missed a topic or assignment, could answer almost any question right. This made her a few friends here and there, and she wasn't completely isolated like grade school. Her wit was immeasurable, but she tried not to gloat with it or she would fit in even less. But being a straight A student didn't make her completely happy, she still felt out of place. And because of that she became a bit of a rebel, getting in with some less than A plus students. She did wild things, drank a bit, snuck out, hooked up with a few guys if only to be able to blow off some steam. But they didn't judge her like everyone else; they didn't find her AS odd as everyone else. So she liked them enough, they were a great distraction. She learned to use her magic only in convenience, when no one was around, or to help her out when boys were assholes to her. Like Scott, who had cheated on her at the homecoming dance; he got his car tires removed in return. And Eric, who showed her nudes to half the soccer team before he magically found his phone and laptop were fried to pieces. It was fun to do things like that, and, in those moments she really felt alive. But there was no one that could relate to, and that only reminded her anger to flare. No one knew the truth, and that hurt. Upon graduation she decided it wasn't worth it to fight her parents about the top universities she could attend and instead picked one far away to avoid their constant nagging. She really had wanted to travel, to leave home to find some semblance of the world she thought was hidden out there somewhere. A place where she could belong and actually be a real person seemed almost tangible, if only she could get out and explore it. Maybe there was magic somewhere, and maybe, just maybe, she could find it. University had proved a bit of a bust, she knew it after a semester there of boring work and recycled concepts in all her classes. It was almost easy for her to get As and now, as a junior, she had hoped she would have caught a glimpse of something more by now. She had hoped that since university would cluster a bunch of random people all together, that maybe some magic would show up somehow. She had managed to fit in a little better here, but it wasn't one hundred percent, it was more like sixty or seventy. And that wasn't how she wanted to live her life, she wanted more than the pessimist's view out of a glass half empty. On the plus side, the school had its perks, parties galore and boys to fool around with, free shit given away in the quad and easy grades for a little less than the normal outlandish price of university, especially thanks to that scholarship money. She had tried having fun, and did manage to; she had had many fun drunken nights and more than a couple hook ups, a little dab into some illegal things, and maybe she did sleep with that professor, but he was only eight years older, that's not bad right, or was it nine? She didn't remember; she just knew she had done a few things to try and forget, why not be reckless and attempt to find something in this world to make her feel alive? Usually those nights and adventures felt pretty damn close, she was almost an optimist, but sometimes at the end of a night she could feel a tinge of something sparking under her skin. Whether she had walked into her apartment alone, the room spinning with wine, or just before falling asleep next to a drunken boy that she just had a great time with, the magic sparked ever so softly and she felt it for sure. She knew it was still there, almost eager to get out in its subtleness. It wouldn't be forgotten despite all she tried to do. So she just had to live with it. She contemplated how easy it would be to tell that redhead and her blonde friend to pack up and