Hello all, a Marriage Law fic is something I always wanted to try. Only my second fic, let me know anything you like/dislike/I could improve on! Enjoy! Ever since he'd taken the position years ago, Kingsley Shacklebolt had a bad habit of letting the Ministry planning all these war memorial ceremonies and fundraisers for charity foundations to help reconstruct. And while his efforts were nothing but commendable, his invitee list meant Hermione, along with Harry and Ron, were stuck playing host against their wills. At first they had been enjoyable; Harry, Ron, and Hermione attended them together and met with officials and investors and donors. They smiled and spoke and thanked. They ate and drank and caught up with old friends. But soon enough Hermione began to realize it was more of a political move having the war heroes around than anything. The Ministry was forcing parties and events for the sake of showing their renewed strength and popularity, not so much in good governing tactics. It made Hermione sick. But when she voiced her concerns to Harry and Ron, they couldn't have been more confused. Harry, always the hero, wasn't about to let Kingsley down. He was by his side all the time as Head Auror, ready to back anything and everything the Ministry wanted to do. And then there was Ron, the so-called love of her life, who was too busy loving his training as Keeper for the Cannons to really listen to her let alone what the Ministry was even holding galas about. He went for the social aspect and it suited him just fine. Their relationship ended soon after, go figure. At least he'd found something he loved doing, she reminded herself with a sigh. Once she had stopped traveling with Ron on all his quidditch matches her career as an international journalist came to a halt. But then she'd taken her position as head of Special Forces under the department of Magical Law Enforcement and things actually felt right. She hadn't had time for any galas with the workload the job entailed and that was just fine by her. Yet case after case of the violation of magical law in the form of abuse, neglect, and torture, Hermione was starting to see that the worse of the worst was still out there despite the end of Voldemort and the death eaters' reign. More needed to be done, more laws or people to enforce them, more education and an end to discrimination. Not to mention the mess the office was in when she got there; organization had not been her predecessor's strong suit. She found herself too busy and reluctant to take up her free time with publicity stunts for the Ministry anymore. Thus it was her lack of attendance that had started to be an issue. She had managed to dodge every gala or event or fundraiser for the last 6 months, claiming she had to go out of the country for a case or dig up research deep in the Ministry Library. 6 months of no events until Monday, where she was given a personal escort to the Minister's office. The outlook was not good. She sighed heavily as she got up from her desk and followed the short, plump witch with crooked glasses reluctantly down the long marble hallway to the elevators. When they finally made it to the top floor and got to the Minister's office, the Minister was not there. The annoyance was clear on Hermione's face until she spied another person waiting patiently in front of the large wooden desk. "Harry!" she said, as she went over to give him a hug. He got up with a tired smile. "Hey Hermione, long time no see," it had been almost a month since they'd seen each other. "Any idea what this is about?" she asked, scanning his eyes for any hint of information. He was dressed in his auror's robes and his typical shaggy black hair fell across his forehead almost covering his scar. "No idea. Haven't actually spoken to Kingsley in weeks since I took that case in Spain," he looked as tired as he sounded, bags forming grey spots under his eyes. "Any luck with that tip I was given back in August?" he asked. "No unfortunately," she frowned. "I've been working that case double time but we are no closer to seeing how the werewolves connect with all the disappearances, especially since no one's spotted them anywhere in ages…" "That's annoying," Harry was saying as the door opened once again. Hermione's back was to the door, but when she turned to see who it was she was neither excited nor pleased. "Heya!" Ron said, giving Harry a clap on the back that practically knocked him over. "Hey buddy," Harry said when he recovered and realized who it was. "Got away from practice for once, aye?" They exchanged handshakes before Ron turned to Hermione. She wasn't surprised, with her and Harry being called here the Minister have something up his sleeve. But it had been some time since she and Ron had seen each other. They hadn't had a chance to really talk since breaking up and the tension was obvious. "Hermione, it's nice to see you," his voice turned suddenly timid. The rumors hanging around their break up were all over the Prophet; most talking about how much better Ron could do or was doing with a myriad of other people. Despite the fact Ron and Hermione both knew what was truth and what wasn't, it still make him nervous nonetheless. "Hello Ron," she gave a smile, but it felt too forced. She didn't think she held ill feelings towards him, but she didn't appreciate being in his presence this soon either. Feeling uncomfortable Ron started talking quidditch to Harry, so she wasn't going to be much use in the conversation anyway. She crossed her arms instead and walked over to look out the window. A couple more minutes passed before the Minister's assistant came rushing in. "Oh, they're waiting for you in the conference room dears! Our mistake, no rush, come along!" she sang in a voice oddly similar to the trolley witch back on the Hogwarts Express. Harry and Hermione exchanged curious looks; what did she mean, they were waiting? Ron simply smiled at the witch. "By all means, lead the way!" he said, and they followed her back along the hall they had come. They passed several doors to their right before approaching the last door in the hall on which the witch knocked before opening. It was a large room with a huge wooden table and twelve beautifully carved wooden chairs seated neatly around. When the Golden Trio entered, they were not expecting most of the chairs to already be occupied. The Minister sat at the head of the table, wearing his typical purple and gold robes. A stack of papers was haphazardly laid out in front of him. His hands were folded neatly in front of him when the three walked in, but he looked weary. To his left sat two ministry officials; Hermione recognized them from the Department of Magical Law. Next to them sat two more officials, one from the census bureau and another from the family affairs office. On the other side of the table, Hermione recognized three of their former classmates: Ernie Macmillan, Theodore Nott, and Padma Patil. Ernie and Padma were talking quietly while Theo looked somewhat bored. On the end nearest them was Luna, looking as misty eyed as ever but she smiled when she saw Hermione enter. The Minister gestured for them to sit down in the three remaining seats. "This is a curious group," Luna whispered when Hermione took the vacant one next to her. "I'd say," Hermione said back, "I wonder why we're all here…" Kinglsey cleared his throat, "Ah, now that we are all present… I must say thanks for joining me this morning. I know how difficult it is for you to all take time away from your busy schedules, but I wouldn't do it unless it was absolutely necessary." A few of the group members looked around, some curious some nervous. Kingsley sighed and rubbed a hand over his eyes. "Alright, let's get started," Kingsley said and he turned to the people sitting on his left. "For those of you who have not been acquainted, this is Regina Fangg and Winston Cross, they work in the department of Magical Law. They specialize in magical contracts and family law," they bowed their heads with matching smiles. Hermione recognized Winston, she had consulted with him over a case dealing with marriage contracts several months ago. The Minister went on. "And this is Tanya Woll, she works for our census team, Chief Data Analyst of births, deaths, and population densities. Sees trends and the like," Kingsley pointed to the woman seated beside Winston. Her hair was cropped short by her ears but its bright pink appearance reminded Hermione of Tonks. She smiled a toothy grin and gave a wave. For the Minister being so distraught, it was weird that the ministry officials were so happy; it made Hermione nervous. "And last we have Benjamin Turry, Bloodline Analyst for Family Affairs," he stated, knowing the title would make half the room cringe. "He keeps track of magical blood and the lineages that are throughout the population," the small man nodded around at them all. He was bald and his big, black mustache curled on the ends. He wore a green bow tie. "The rest of you, I know you are all well acquainted but it wouldn't hurt to just introduce you to everyone," Kingsley said turning to the other side of the table. "Ms. Patil is a leading official on policy drafting here at the Ministry. Mr. Macmillan is part of the Department of Mysteries, dealing with Magical Artifact Research. And Mr. Nott here works for St. Mungos, Head of the Potions Department," Kingsley said going down the line. "Next we have Ms. Lovegood, a Charms Expert for the Department of Mysteries, and well, last we have the Golden Trio but we sort of all know what you three do," he said, giving them a weak smile. A silence filled the room, the tension as tight as a string. "Right, so all of you are here because the Wizengamot has decided a new policy must be enacted. Please know I was not on their side on this and I did fight in all your defense," Kingsley said, addressing the young witches and wizards he had fought alongside of. He sighed again. "The Wizengamot asked me to meet with you all because you can contribute in some way to… the Marriage Act," Kingsley managed. He looked as distraught as the entire room suddenly was. The tension in the room broke like shattered glass. Ron, his face confused beyond belief spoke first, "What! This has to be a joke!" "A law to force us to marry?! How crazy!" Padma protested before Hermione was up and out of her seat. "After all we've done for the wizarding community?!" Hermione yelled, the anger contorting her features, "It's unethical Minister, it's completely unfair-" "Minister, this- this is surely asking quite a lot…." Harry began cutting her off, keeping his voice calm and trying to be diplomatic. It was obvious he was restraining from yelling; he and Ginny were planning to get married next fall. Luna's jaw was set tight when she finally spoke, trying to give a level-headed response, "Minister have you considered the consequences-" "This is absurd!" Ernie Macmillan offered, putting a fist on the table. "Absurd is right," Nott stated simply, finally bothering to look at the group. "Calm down please!" the Minister managed, letting authority find its way back into his voice. "Please, just relax people. I know it is not the most ideal situation but they are insistent," he eyed the ministry officials across the table