Games A/N: Thank you for reading, this is just going to be a One-Shot story, it just popped into my mind one day and decided to continue it into a story. Hope you like it. Just as an FYI, yes everyone is human in this story. Phase 1 "Bella, Bella, are you listening" I heard my manager say, yes I was listening but I was not interested, at least not in what the management company had propositioned for me to do. "Yes, I am Emily, but no I am not interested" "You have to, its publicity. It's been in the works for 6 months Bella, they need an answer tonight before you go on" I heard her say, but I seriously was not interested, not in pretending to date that total jerk, there was a reason he has had bad publicity, but this business was all about staying on top, and this would defiantly help both of us. Well him, this would help him a lot more, especially with that scandal that was going around, me I can go without it. I was currently number one on the billboard charts and I had a major movie in production. He needed me, not the other way around. Before I had a chance to answer, I saw Rose coming in to my makeup room. I internally groaned, looked at Emily and rolled my eyes. Rosalie was his manager, what was she doing here this was supposed to be my down time. I groaned and closed my eyes. "Emily, Bella, do you guys have an answer yet" Rosalie asked. "Not yet Rose, I'm having trouble convincing Bella here, your brother in law is a lot to sign up for you know" Emily answered "Bella? You need to decide, we could always go with another A-list celebrity you know." Rosalie stated "Then use someone else" I answered, a little harsher than I intended. Emily looked at me and I smiled sheepishly "There is no one else, Rose, no A-list wants the bad publicity, the only reason this is being considered is because our company, they don't want to lose another great artist, and Bella won't be negatively affected by his childish antics. She's good with or without him." "Just think about it, besides, America likes the idea of you two being together, don't you guys read those magazines anymore?" Rosalie asked " It would really boost sales for that record thats coming out in a few weeks" Someone knocked on the door, Emily went to open it, then thanked the person "He goes up in 30, you need to decide now" Emily said. I looked at both Emily and Rose, I mean he couldn't be that bad right? Plus he was actually really good looking, we would look good pictured together. Plus, it would boost my album sales, and its only temporary. "How long would I have to do this for" I asked, Emily's eyes widened in shock and Rose had a huge smile plastered on her face. "One year, maybe less if he does something stupid or he turns his act around." Rosalie answered with a sheepish smile, secretly oping that I would not back out. She made a lot of money from that jerk, she also made got a lot of stress from him and she couldn't drop him because he was family to her. "Deal, he's bound do to something stupid in less than a year" I smiled and took out my hand to shake hers. " But I have some conditions" She took my hand and smiled. "I'm sure we can work something out, he is not really in the position to make demands at the moment" I smiled and the next 15 minutes were spent talking between Emily and Rose and how this was going to unfold, leave it to them to create the perfect beginning to this relationship. "Bella, you need to go into Edward's room now, the show starts in 10, we need to make it look real now. I can smell the headlines already" Emily said, and Rosalie giggled. Seriously? I rolled my eyes at the both of them and made my way across the hall to Mason's dressing room. Well lets get this started! I mentally prepared myself, and walked into his room. I was kind of shocked, he was just sitting on the couch reading a book. "Oh dear, I must be in the wrong room" I said out loud, without thinking "Mason, you read, I didn't think you were capable" He rolled his eyes and ignored my comment. "I read Elle, I read, you can call me Edward, Mason is my stage name, since you're here I have a feeling we are going to be spending a lot of time together." "Unfortunately," I said, wait was he being nice? All I really knew about his was his ability to get into trouble and that he was a ladies man, he really dated. Secretly, since most of his relationships weren't public, they all ended badly, which makes sense since he was kind of a jerk, he was also known for his lavish parties and being an all around bad boy, which worked for him until recently. "How about you come over here and give the producers something to write about, he said putting down his book. We can make out if you'd like" he said with a wink, there was the charm I knew him by. I rolled my eyes at him. "Oh the lady, don't like? Then why did you agree" he asked, " I bet it was for my good looks" he winked again, then got closer, and stood behind me a whispered into my ear "Or do you want a taste of this bad boy" I turned around and looked him in the face, then we saw the red light blink meaning the show was starting soon, followed by the door knob turning. Edward smiled at me, looked behind me at the door, and then kissed me on the lips, I felt the electricity circulating between us and I involuntarily leaned in. "Oh I'm sorry" Someone said, then I looked up at Edward, who winked at me, then looked to see who it was. None other than one of the backstage workers. I smiled at the worker and she blushed. "Mr Mason, you're up, I was sent to fetch you." then she mumbled something. "Don't you guys knock?" he said in a rude tone, then leaned into me and whispered "The game starts now" he chuckled and pecked me on the lips then followed the shocked worker out into the main stage. I stood there as shocked as the worker and just sat down on the couch, what have I gotten my self into? I looked at the book he was reading, The Catcher in the Rye, not a bad book in my opinion. As I set the book down, Rose and Emily came into Mason's, I mean Edward's dressing room. "I hear the gossip already, dang girl you move fast" Rose laughed, "I've got to go watch Edward backstage see you in a few." I smiled at her and went back to my dressing room with Emily telling me the gossip going around the building. I guess news travels fast in the entertainment business, this was a new record. I turned on the TV and decided to watch Edward's interview, might as well start learning things about him. After a few minuted, a different worked came to my room and asked if I was ready. I smiled and nodded then followed her to the back stage area with Emily following close behind, paying attention the the chatter around us. When I got to the spot behind the curtain, I sat down on the stool provided and got a few last minute touch ups on my make up. Then picked up my guitar and began to tune it. "You've got this Bells, break a leg" I smiled and then Emily went to catch up with Rosalie. "Okay, okay, Mason any new ladies in your life" the host asked, this peaked my interest, I new there was because of our arrangement, but what would he say? "Maybe, but I don't kiss and tell" he said in a cocky chuckle. "Maybe, come on you're Mason" the host said, then there was some clapping from the audience. "See even they agree, who's the lucky lady?" "Well, trust me when I say, I'm the lucky man. It was an unexpected surprise" he said, I could tell he was smiling. Dang, this guy was a good actor. Either that or he actually meant it . "You can tell us more about that after the commercial break, but first back for the second time this year please give a warm welcome to our favorite musical guest Elle! Here tonight singing her latest single New York!" Just then the curtains opened, the band began to play the first notes of my new song. Ooh, ooh, whoa, oh, oh, oh now now Five drinks in on Friday night We only came to dry your eyes And get you out of your room Now this bar has closed its doors I found my hand is holding yours Do you wanna go home so soon?* I continued the song, then bowed to the audience and walked over and hugged the host. "Isn't this girl amazing!" The host asked, then the show cut into a commercial, the make up artists came to touch up all our makeup. "TV, got to love it right" Edward said to me while he was getting his makeup touched up. "I know, the amount of makeup we wear just for TV is crazy" I joked. "Were going live in 3 minutes" a man over the intercom and we all got in our positions to get the show started again. "Welcome back, we are now joined by the talented Elle and our resident bad boy Mason!" The audience clapped and we were seated. "So Elle, we were just talking to Mason about any lucky ladies in his life, would you happen to know anything about this" he asked. "Oh, stop it, you know I don't" I smiled and looked at the audience. The hose looked at me with knowing eyes. "But if he has met someone, I'm sure he is a very lucky man for falling into her good graces" I laughed the the hose joined me. "You're right, you're right. So Elle tell us about this new album, that is coming out in a few weeks." "Gladly" I said as Edward scooted a little closer to me, I could feel the electricity sparking again, but continued talking to the host about the new album that would be released soon. The show was quickly over and after talking to the host for a while after the show Edward and I walked backstage together. And Emily quickly aught up to us. "Nice, I could feel the chemistry between the two of you" she smiled, I smiled back at Emily "Come on you two, pack up your things, you two have to be seen walking out of here together if we you want your image fixed Edward" Rosalie said. I quickly gathered my supplies from the dressing room, and he did the same. He grabbed my hand and we walked out into the streets, where the camera's were awaiting into Edward's awaiting car. I wore my a beanie and sunglasses, so I wouldn't be as recognizable to the media, I didn't want the story spreading like wild fire over night after all this was the entertainment business. "Mason, mason look here" "Smile, Mason" "Mason, is this your mystery lady" "Whats this we hear about back stage kisses" "Who's this" "Care to comment on your name miss" Edward shut the door for me and got into the passenger side. "Where to Elle?" he asked "Bella, please call me Bella, Elle is