1463 Transylvania-Old Romania The sound of his plough hitting the ground rung out around the dark and desolate field. The night was still and cloudless as the farmer brought the plough scythe above his head and hammered away at the hard earth below him. It had been almost a year since the news of Vlad the Impaler's death had spread to his homeland. The years of ternary where now over and they could concentrate on the more important things in life. He hammered the ground again. The farmer looked up at the full moon, a small smile crossing his lips. His name was Gorkan Couschescu, he used to be a captain in the army led by the impaler himself. After His downfall he made his way home. Back to his wife and child, and the farm he left behind to join the army. He had seen things in that time, things that no man should ever have to see. They didn't call him the impaler for nothing. You don't earn a nick name like that for showing mercy to his enemies. But now it was different, all behind him, and now he was going to have a normal life. It was hard, difficult, but it was his. A sudden chill swept across the field. Gorkan looked up and around the isolated field. He scanned the clear field. Nothing, maybe it was just the wind. He went back to hammering away at the earth, only to feel another gust. He looked up again. This time though, there was a cloud in the sky. It was black, dark and unnerving. And it was slowly heading straight for him. He looked down to see a low lying mist clawing its way towards him. The mist soon past him and covered the entire field that went for miles. Gorkan picked up his plough and made his way towards his home. He could finish this field in the morning after it had rained. But as he walked back, he had the uneasy feeling that he was being watched. He tried to look behind him as discretely as possible, and only saw the low lying mist behind him with the dark cloud in the sky with the full moon shining bright in the sky. He breathed deeply and continued to walk back towards his home. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up on end, he knew he was being watched now. At least the army had taught him something. He turned round abruptly with his plough raised. Ready to attack any oncoming person. But again, nothing was behind him. He shook his head, maybe he was imagining things. He breathed deeply and then turned away, back towards the house. SKREEE! He turned round again with the plough raised. But when he saw what was before him, he froze. It was grotesque, it looked like a man, but he had leathery skin, and his arms had bat wings flapping down from them. It let out another scream, It then bared its teeth which where dripping with blood. Gorkan shouted in the vein hope someone could hear him. The beast roared before throwing him across the field. He somersaulted through the air before slamming into the already ploughed ground. He skidded along the ground with the dirt pulling up behind him tell he came to a stop. He groaned and looked up at the night sky. The beast landed by the hole Gorkan had created. It landed and transformed, it was now a wearing a suit with coattails. He adjusted the cuffs and walked towards the hole without stretched arms with a grin on his face. (Translated from Romanian.) "Gorkan." He said, like he was greeting an old friend. Gorkan squinted his eyes at the dark figure in front of him. The voice was definitely familiar. "Don't get up." He continued, "It's just an old friend dropping by to say hello." He walked down into the pit and his face became clear. Gorkan breathed in sharply, it was Vlad. Vlad the impaler "No, no." said Gorkan shaking his head, "It can't be. I watched you die!" "That you did." He said shrugging. "But as the old saying goes." He reached Gorkan and got on his haunches and grabbed his cheeks. "You can't keep a good man down." "But you're not a good man." Gorkan spat out. Vlad tightened his grip on Gorkan's face. "That's a matter of opinion." Said Vlad coldly. "Now, you left me to die and decided not to carry on my work." "But you died." Said Gorkan. "Ah, yes. But I'm back. Me and Lucifer worked something out." Said Vlad. "Where now actually quite close." "You would be." "You know, I did hate that insolent tongue of yours." Said Vlad. "Constantly second guessing my decisions." He squeezed Gorkan's cheek tighter. "I could kill you with a mere squeeze." He said lightly. "But…" he moved Gorkan's face to the side. "You can be the first to witness just one of my new powers." Vlad moved towards him. Gorkan struggled against the vice like grip as he got closer towards him. Vlad opened his mouth, his teeth though weren't human they were more likes spikes. Vlad's jaw then clamped around Gorkan's neck. Vlad let out a pleasurable groan as he sucked in the blood of his victim while Gorkan screamed out in pain. Suddenly, the screaming died down. Vlad then pulled away sharply. Blood seeping from his mouth, running down his mouth and onto his clothes. He was breathing deeply while dapping his finger in the blood protruding from his lips and slipped it into his mouth. He smiled at the taste as Gorkan's lifeless corpse dropped to the floor. "Well, love to stay and chat." Said Vlad, "But, you know, places to go and that." He breathed deeply again. "This is just the beginning." 1860-Genneva A young man looked up from his hood at the drizzle above him. He pulled his newspaper close to him and walked down the cobbled streets towards his apartment. He weaved in and out of a couple of people and then crossed the road, dodging a couple of horses before opening the door of his building. He walked inside and shook his coat down of all the excess water. He walked up the dilapidated stairs towards his apartment. He fumbled with his keys before slipping it into the lock. He opened the door and closed it. "Doctor Frankenstein…" Frankenstein whipped round to see the intruder sitting in his chair. Expect, it wasn't who he was expecting. It was a woman. She was in her early twenties and was very pretty, though it was hard to see past the large tinted glasses she was wearing. She was wearing a raincoat and a scarf over her head, but it couldn't hide her blonde hair. "Junior." Frankenstein's shoulders relaxed. He pulled his hood down, he had curled brown hair and blue eyes. He watched the woman carefully though as she smiled. "Look, if you're looking for some exclusive on my father and his work then I'm afraid you are sorely mistaken." Said young Frankenstein. "Yes, he created what some narrow people believe to be a 'monster'. But those who see the big picture will see that he has helped save countless lives by discovering the possibilities of transplants and bringing back the recently deceased through means of electricity." He opened the door. "So if you please, I would like to be left alone while I continue to live my life in peace." The woman giggled. Frankenstein pulled a face as she rose from the chair. "No I'm not here for 'an exclusive' Doctor." She said, "I am quite familiar with your work. In fact." She got very close to him, so their bodies where almost flush. "You could say I was rather excited by it." "Who are you? "My name is Francesca." She said. "I know about the stories about your father and his creation." She continued. "But I am not here for that. My employer has sent me to extend you an invitation." "An invitation?" Frankenstein said confused. "Yes." Francesca said. "He has been a huge fan of your father's work." She walked around the apartment. Victor couldn't keep his eyes of her body as she moved. It screamed confidence and sexuality as she put emphasis on each step. "In fact, he wants you to continue to It." she said smiling. Victor narrowed his eyes at Francesca. "Continue?" She nodded. "My Employer wishes for you to carry on your father's work. As you said yourself, he was a pioneer to the enlightened. What better way to honour his memory by carrying on his work and discovering new possibilities." Victor stood still as Francesca walked to the fire place, she picked up a photo of his family. She smiled and placed it down again. "So…what do you say." "No." he said, "I promised my father that I would never continue his work as he said it would get my in trouble with forces far beyond my understanding." Francesca nodded. "I understand." She said. She walked back towards the chair she had been sitting in. She bent over, making sure that Victor was looking at her and picked up a briefcase she had been hiding beneath the chair. She walked to the table and placed it down. She unclipped the attachments and opened it. Victor looked over at the brief case and his jaw dropped. It was lined with money than he had seen in his life. "One hundred thousand Swiss Francs." Said Francesca. "This is only a down payment. If you accept, you will have unlimited funds to carry on your research, this, and another generous amount for when it is done." Victor bit his lip. It was certainly interesting. Having close to five hundred thousand Francs would be a ludicrous amount of money to own. The images of a thousand things he could do with the money swam through his head, houses, studs and all the girls he could think off. But the moral and ethical issues where too great. In theory, he was too dangerous to be left alive. He sighed and shook his head again. "I'm sorry, I truly am." He said. "But my father's research is not to be continued at any price." Victor bowed his head. "I'm sorry." Francesca smiled and stood up from the table. "So am I Doctor Frankenstein." She said with a small smile, she then took her scarf off and let her long blonde hair fall. "Because you see." She then took her glasses off to reveal her eyes, for the first time. Except they her irises where blood red. "I was told to get you to agree to come with me. By any means necessary." She started to undo her coat. Victor raised his eyebrow, only for both of them to shoot up his head when he realised she wasn't wearing anything beneath the coat. "And by any means necessary." She walked towards him and looked at him seriously. "I was instructed to give you what ever want." She leaned up on her tip toes so she could reach his ear. "By any means necessary." "You." said Victor a little breathless. Francesca nodded. "My Employer wants you to have everything you want to help you continue your father's work." Victor was now breathing deeply as he inspected the naked woman offering herself to him. His breathing was becoming more and more erratic as Francesca raised a teasing eyebrow. Victor sighed in bittersweet defeat. "God forgive me." He said. He kissed her and wrapped his arms around her. Many moments later they were lying in the messy bed of Victor's flat. He was breathing deeply, he looked dishevelled and spent while Francesca didn't look like she had broken sweat at all. "Your Employer." Said Victor. "He seems very interesting." "That he is." Said Francesca. "He does get around a lot." "So what