a/n: for the monthly oneshot challenge at caesar's palace. title taken from the song of the same title by lorde. that song describes the hunger games perfectly. lily (euphorias) actually introduced me to the song and gave me ideas for the title. beta-read by nina (titaniums), jo (mystiques), and clara (lydiamartins). glory and gore cato/clove . . . i. The Annual Hunger Games— It's a yearly tradition of Panem. Two children, one boy and one girl, are chosen from each of the twelve Districts to fight to the death in an outdoor arena. The last "tribute" standing wins it all - eternal glory, wealth, a house in the Victor's Village, and the ability to remain living. But they're also scarred forever and broken beyond repair. Most children living in the Districts dread it, but not the children who inhabit District Two (Districts One and Four as well, but mainly District Two). To them, winning isn't everything. It's the only thing. If they win, they'll bring pride to their District, to their families. And really, that's what it's all about - so, they'll do anything to be the last tribute standing; it's the only way to live, for them. Most of them began training at a very young age. They were sent to the Training Academy to learn how to use weapons and defend themselves. (But not survival skills. Never did they learn survival skills - learning if plants were poisonous or camouflage skills were unnecessary, and for weaklings.) The children at the Academy were all very skilled fighters, all capable of ending someone's life in a split second. (Of course, at the Academy, they use dummies. Never real people. That's reserved for the actual Games.) If a District Two tribute wins the Games, the entire District looks up to them. They're treated with more respect than even the elders, who were alive way back in the Dark Days. Everyone aspires to be like them, one of the Victors - the golden children. But often times, District Two tributes are so focused on training for and winning the Games that they're oblivious to what's really important in life. They don't know what they're missing out on. Their entire lives are so centered around training to be the best that they sacrifice their entire childhood. They don't know how to appreciate the little things in life. They can never let someone into their heart, and when they do, they have no idea what to do - it's not what the purpose of their life is for, and letting somebody into their heart would ruin their hopes at being a Victor. And that, right there, is the source of their downfall. This is Cato's story. All eighteen years of it. . . . ii. The day Cato is born, the sun is shining; it's a light shade of blue, and the lush field of grass is greener than it has ever been. His father tells his mother that it's a sign and Cato will grow up to do big things - great things. He's like a warrior of some sorts; at least, that's what his parents like to think. He doesn't cry like all the other children. He's different. He's strong. They know he's a fighter. . . . iii. It's Cato's fifth birthday and he thinks it's the most important one of them all. His parents take him stargazing. They spread a picnic blanket on the grass and his mother has cupcakes. They have chocolate frosting and rainbow sprinkles—everything Cato likes—so he can't help but squeal like a little girl as he shoves one, two, three, four cupcakes into his tiny mouth. They give him his present right then and there. He squeals again; his voice is really high-pitched and girl-like, but he doesn't care and no one else seems to. It's these ancient toys called Legos. Cato really likes them. He likes building things and pretending he's an architect but in the end all he does is tear everything he builds down, destroying anything that he could possibly create. All the stars are brighter than ever that night. His father tells his mother that it's a sign and the sky is the limit for their little boy. "Make a wish," his mother tells him, pointing to the shooting star that has suddenly appeared. Not wanting to let his chance slip away, Cato closes his eyes and wishes that this moment could last forever. (Long live the good old days of innocence.) . . . iv. The first reaping he actually pays attention to and remembers later on is the one when he is seven years old. (Let's just say that Cato is . . . rather special and tends to only remember things like his birthday.) He asks his irritated parents a ton of questions. There's lot of sighing and head shaking. A funny-looking lady from the Capitol with bright green hair and gold accents calls the name of a young girl, who trembles as she approaches the stage, only to be stopped by an older, stronger girl. The older girl looks overly ecstatic as she screams, with joy, "I volunteer!" and takes her place on the stage next to the weird lady. The same thing happens again, but with the boys this time. The funny-looking lady calls the name of a boy who looks rather frail, but an older, stronger boy immediately replaces him. "What are the Hunger Games?" he asks his parents. In previous years, he was not allowed to watch television for a few weeks in the summer and was always dragged to something called a reaping. He never really understood what was going on. His mother purses her lips and shakes her head; Cato wonders if her head is going to fall off after all that shaking. He looks to his father, but he just takes Cato's arm and walks him home. He is told to stay in his room and his mother gives him cupcakes but all the cupcakes in the world aren't going to make him happy or tell him what the Hunger Games are. Cato finds out in a matter of a week by sneaking out late at night to watch the television. He can't say that he finds the concept of the Hunger Games scary. Every night, he becomes more and more drawn to these Games. He thinks it's fun. His parents never find out that he's been secretly watching the Hunger Games, but that's just how he likes it. . . . v. Cato begins training at age eight. All that matters now is decapitating the greatest amount of dummies in the shortest amount of time. Cato's new philosophy is that things are made to be broken, so he goes out of his way to break everything he sees. It's exhilarating. His days are spent fighting with swords and all sorts of other weapons. But he likes swords the most. He likes to pretend that he's a warrior from ancient times, fighting for his country (or, rather, District) . The trainers at the Academy deem Cato a child prodigy and say that he's going to grow up to do big things. Everyone looks at him with both envy and admiration. People are saying that he'll probably win the Hunger Games one day, which makes Cato beam with pride. He trains harder than ever, determined to make the trainers and his District proud. He's eight years old, and he's just getting started on his journey. . . . vi. There's a girl with dark hair and green eyes who's a few years younger than him, but possibly better than he is. Her specialty is knives and she's really good with them, or so Cato's heard. He's always watching out for other "really good" tributes; they might be possible threats. He challenges Clove one day, wanting to see how good she really is and if she's actual competition or not. "You're on," she says with a twinkle in her eye. Cato gulps. Everyone he's fought in the past, he beat in twenty seconds or less. And the people attending the Academy were all skilled fighters. He could even take down a few of the trainers, many of which were past Victors. "Fine," he replies. "You're going down, Knife Girl." The fight lasts longer than expected. Cato doesn't even remember that he's fighting a girl. She dodges every punch he throws. Every time he thrusts his sword at her, she retaliates immediately by throwing a few knives at him. She's scarily accurate with her knife throwing. The trainers always warn the pupils not to kill their opponent, just to "kill" them. Basically, they're supposed to disarm them, knock them to the ground, or get them to surrender. That way, there are not many major injuries at the Academy. Many times, Clove has come very close to beating Cato (not to mention injuring him — those knives are sharp!). He's sweating buckets and he's tired but he can't stop. He can't lose to a girl. An hour later, they're still fighting, neither one willing to back down. A rivalry has formed. Finally, a trainer walks in and stops the fight, telling them that this has gone on too long and that the Academy is closing in five minutes. They're told to not fight each other again, much to the dismay of the both of them. Cato packs up his belongings and walks home solemnly. He never fights Knife Girl again, but every time she sees him, she smirks. Cato thinks she's annoying and tells her to "go die in a hole." . . . vii. Before he knows it, he's twelve years old and is finally eligible to be reaped. The day of the reaping, Cato puts on his best suit, wanting to look professional, polished, and organized. There's a spring in his step as he checks in and makes his way over to the twelve-year-old section. He's obviously the strongest out of all of them, there's no doubt about it. He holds his head high and puts on a dazzling smile. He sees the other twelve year old children, most of which who are shorter and weaker than him, and is thankful that kids volunteer each year so that these poor children don't have to participate in the Hunger Games. Their escort dyes her hair every year; this year, it's hot pink. Her voice is nasal, high-pitched, and really annoying. Cato fiddles with his tie until she finally gets to the good part. The escort picks a name out of the girls' bowl. Someone is quick to replace her, as always. Next are the boys. He really wants to volunteer but knows that Districts One and Four will probably be sending older and more experienced tributes than him, so he keeps his mouth shut and his feet rooted in place when an eighteen year old boy volunteers. He's pretty strong and definitely stands more of a chance than a twelve year old, even though said twelve year old is from District Two and is very skilled with weapons. Cato tells himself to volunteer when he's eighteen. He sees Clove on the sidelines, as she is still too young to be reaped. She sticks her tongue out at him. Cato decides to ignore her. He can't let distractions get in the way of his future victory. Six more years, he thinks. Only six more years. . . . viii. Shortly after that reaping, his parents find out that he's been training for the Hunger Games. Apparently some kids at the bookstore his father runs were talking about how Cato was so going to win the Hunger Games once he volunteers at the age of eighteen. They actually aren't too mad about it. There were a few tears shed, and complaints of, "I wanted you to become a doctor or start your own company or something," but in the end, his parents were on board with it.