A/N: I don't own Hunger Games or the characters. This was originally a oneshot. But the fluff bunny grew and grew in my head so this one"s going to be a multi-chaptered fic. Of course, that still depends on the reviews I get. ^^. This chapter lays down the basic plot line for the story and establishes where the characters are emotionally. Good god, if I don't stop now this author's note is going to be longer than the story itself. ;; HG HG HG There is something about the starkness of white washed walls and the sharpness of hospital disinfectant that pilfers any trace of energy and positivity in the mind and leaves nothing but floating emptiness. She sits silent and unmoving on the cold hard floor, arms wrapped around her legs, grey eyes blank and glassy. It is not until the cold muddy heel of Haymitch`s boot clucks against her heel that she stirs. "He`s out of the woods. Get up Sweetheart, the doc wants to talk to you." HG HG HG Real or not real. Snow`s dead and the rebellion`s over. Nurses with clipboards and medical kits scamper about the room, checking monitors, recording vital signs, adjusting IVs as she is ushered to the door where Doctor Aurelius stands tentatively. Real or not real. They had slowly begun to pick up what was left of their lives after the games, the war, everything. "Katniss." His voice is strangely calm, underlined with the faintest trace of genuine concern. His hand gingerly comes up to touch her arm when he realizes her gaze is intently trained upon his patient. "Katniss, I need you to focus." He is professional, and yet familiar. Real or not real. The two of them were happy. "Will he be okay?" She wants to ask him what`s wrong, but knows she cant ask him that—because so many things had been wrong in the first place and his patients have been so broken and so beyond repair that to ask what was wrong would simply fall under the category of rhetorics. He clears his throat and mops his forehead with a pinstriped handkerchief. "For now he`s safe. Although Katniss…" He`s been a doctor in the Capitol for nearly three decades now, and he`s used to breaking bad news. It`s not been a walk in the park, never will be, but he`s used to accepting the finality that comes with the terms; he`s convinces himself that he`s trained for this, yet when she looks up to him, her face pulled so tense and eyes cloudy with fear-something scratches at his throat. "There`s a big chance that he wont survive this." HG HG HG Tick tock tick tock. Time is ticking. She remembers how deliriously happy they were, and how she, for the first time in years, have felt ridiculously giddy in his arms as he swirls her around the meadow, dandelion seeds flying around them in thin wiry wisps, his fingers on her face, her lips on his neck. If the tale of the starcrossed lovers from District 12 had been something of a legend, then at that moment, she realizes, this would have been the perfect storybook ending for them. Tick tock tick tock. Time cannot be stopped. Her pulse is a quick staccato against his. She`s gasping for breath as she leans onto him, the words tumbling from her lips. "You`ll always be with me, real or not real?" She remembers what happens next with the exact vividness that forces her to relive the horrors of watching her loved ones blow up with pods, fall in the clutches of mutts, burst into flames. Tick tock tick tock. When he doesn't move, a frown gathers in her features. She whispers his name. And in response, his steps falter, his knees buckle to the ground and blood gushes from his lips. Tick tock tick tock. Time is running out. HG HG HG Old sins cast long shadows. Her father used to tell this to her, particularly when he taught her how to hunt. She knows this lesson well. The town had to survive without deer meat for months when she took out a buck for the first time. Never do something that would have irreparable damages. He lies unmoving on the bed with long thin tubes inserted on his arms. Pale, gaunt; but the monitor beside him announces that the short rasps that leave his lips are that of life. Katniss knows she should be grateful for this, but she also knows that this boy, her boy with the bread, is also so, irreparably damaged. She remembers the doctor`s words. " The venom of the tracker jacker has started to spread in his body. At this point, its progressed from not being only psychological, to that of being a real physical threat. With what the symptoms are showing, any number of things can happen now: the collapse of his immune system, paralysis, internal bleeding, organ failure. I`m not saying this would all happen at once, but Katniss, ultimately, that heart of his would stop." Irreparable damages. Tracker Jackers. Organ Failure. Old sins. Stopping Hearts. She is sobbing by the time she is by his side. HG HG HG He refuses to stay in the Capitol. In the place where the most up to date hospital apparatuses are invented on a day to day basis and the most prolific medical researches prosper, he insists on going back to old fashioned12. Doctor Aurelius is baffled. She is baffled—even Haymitch is baffled. His answer is simple: "Katniss wants to go home." And this argument has gone on for days that it`s come to the point where Katniss is torn on throwing her arms around him and sobbing in gratitude, or hitting him senseless for his perpetual unselfishness. In the end though, when she arrives at the hospital room and finds him seated on the bed, still pale, still fragile, clutching a little checkered suitcase and waiting for her, she takes his face in her small calloused hands and places a chaste kiss on his lips. Thank you. We`ll survive this. "I`m going to take care of you." I love you. HG HG HG His first few days upon his return to 12 are marked by a flurry of activities; Paylor has seen to it that Peeta is as medically provided as possible and they`ve mapped out a routine with the doctors from the Capitol who`d try to work on his recovery. She tries to appear calm, in control of herself and of the situation, but her fingers start shaking when the medical apparatuses they`ve ordered straight from the Capitol arrive in her house. She fights the rise of nausea in her throat as she watches medical men install monitors and scales on her walls and floors. "Katniss?" A pale arm wraps itself around her shoulders and she sighs. "I`ll take care of you." This has become a mantra in her head now, something of a creed that she`s resolved to live by. He laughs, "I thought that was my line?" Her answer is a shrug as she tucks him to bed, under the heat insulated blankets that would help protect him from chills. "You need to rest. Sleep, I`ll watch over you. I`ll take care of you Peeta." She says it with finality, with the strength and the determination that he`s known she`s possessed ever since their first reaping and he knows better than to argue with the resolve of a certain Katniss Everdeen. "Yes ma`am!" he chides sweetly, albeit sleepily as the effects of the Doctor Aurelius` medicines start taking effect. When he reaches out to pat the space beside him, she hesitates for a second. She wants to tell him she has to oversee the billings of his medications, secure the next batch of supplies from the next trains. And wallow in fear and guilt, and still fear because all I know is I`m so scared and I`m so terrified that something will go wrong and losing you is not an option—it never has, and it never will be. But she doesn't tell him this. Instead, she climbs next to his side surrenders in the comfort of his arms. She`s done playing Brave Nurse Everdeen for the day. HG HG HG The first time his temperature leaves him unconscious and in delirium, she is by his bed side for days, holding his hand and wiping his forehead with a cool cloth. On the third day, Sae has to literally pry her fingers off his hand and force her to eat. Only when the fever finally breaks and some sense of calm has crossed his features does she allow herself to forego short restless naps and hesitantly reward herself with the luxury of sleep. Some days, she wakes to hear him retching on the sink, and instantly she is by his side, rubbing soothing circles on his back, wiping the sweat from his forehead. She cradles his panting form to her and the both of them slide to the cool bathroom tiles as she holds him fiercely. Her fingers find his, as her lips settle on his temple. You`ll be okay… we`ll be okay. I`ll take care of you. One night, she finds him gathering clumps of tissue in his makeshift studio beside her room. "Peeta, are you alright?" He seems keen on disposing said snuff cloths from her sight. He turns to her and smiles her warmly. "Perfectly fine Nurse Everdeen!" he jokes cheerfully—too cheerfully, and said smile falters when a clump falls from his hands and her eyes are instantly on the red stained cloth. "Just a nosebleed." he starts resignedly, "Katniss, I`m fine." The tremor in his voice makes it obvious that both of them aren't convinced. What she does next is so unexpected and he`s completely unprepared for it. "You had a nosebleed and you wanted to hide that from me!" her fingers are on his arms with vice like grips and he`s horrified to see tears forming in her eyes. "You`re not allowed to do that Peeta." she`s shaking now. "You cant hide things from me. You have to tell me what`s happening. I have to know." Her knees buckle to the ground and with a grip so strong, she brings him with her to the floor. "I have to know so I can take care of you. I have to take care of you! I have to Peeta." her eyes are no longer ablaze with anger, instead, she is now sobbing in his arms, repeating the same words all over and over again. Entrapped in her own horrible world, where her fears have gladly taken over any pretense of strength, she clings to him desperately. He waits for the storm to pass, rocking her, murmuring words of comfort and apologies. It is only when her sobs finally stop that he moves the both of them to the bedroom and settles himself beside her. "I`m sorry. I know we`re not supposed to keep secrets from each other." His words are muffled in her ear as she flips to face him, a scowl on her face. "Yes! Especially now that you`re .. you`re…" "Terminally sick?" He offers helpfully, although there`s a mixture of pain, resignation, and oddly humor, in his voice. Her fists pummeling at his chest draw out whatever little reserved laughter he has in his throat. "Sick!" she gasps out, "when you`re sick!" her indignation only earns her another chuckle though. "Alright, alright. Wouldn't want to anger Nurse Everdeen." he whispers as he swoops down to steal a kiss from her lips. "Idiot." she bites back, but nevertheless allows him to spoon her in his arms. It is only when warm gentle puffs of breath start tickling her ear and she knows he`s finally asleep does she allow herself to quietly say it: "You`re not terminally sick. You`re just sick Peeta. And we`ll get you better. I`ll take care of you" This she