Final Rewrite of NG Mysteries of Hogwarts, I just want to get these done and finished. There are plenty of characters in here including OC's (obviously as there are not many established in this timeline) also if you would like your own character to be in here, please send me a message or something in a comment. Please READ and REVIEW, even if its just a few words. Side Note: There may be more characters now (not many) because of CC. But anyways, I will be editing this and moving it forward. Voices of the Forest Chapter 1 A New Tale Begins Albus walked down the corridor of the Hogwarts Express in deep thought. He knew he should be looking for a compartment for he and Rose, but his mind was mulling over what his father and brother had said. He heard his cousin give an annoyed sigh, he smiled. He really wanted to turn around and tell her she sounded like her mother, but he looked to see a nearly empty compartment. There was only one other person in it; staring out the window. He swallowed hard and tried to bite back his nerves, he hated how he got when he met new people, but he was going to push past it. He was not going to be in Slytherin… He just wasn't. He opened the door. "Ohm… H-Hi, may we join you?" asked Albus, he nearly kicked himself for his stutter and gave a hopeful smile, there was a long pause. "Sure," said the boy quickly looking from the window with a hopeful smile, that fell back into a nod as he looked back out the window. "Scorpius, right?" asked Rose as she went to shove her trunk in the upper compartment, "I'm Rose Weasley." "And I'm Albus, Albus Potter," smiled Albus quickly as he looked at the blonde boy. The boy turned from his window slowly; he looked like he was questioning their motives in talking to him. Albus almost laughed at his expressive face, his blue eyes fell on Albus for a moment before deciding to answer for what seemed like ages. He still looked uncertain about them being in here with him, he raised a brow at the commotion Rose was making with their trunks before speaking. "I know who you are, it's hard not to," he gave Rose's fire red hair a brief look before glancing back to Albus, giving a flicker of a smile. "What's that supposed to mean?" she snapped, Albus cringed, hoping she didn't take offense, she was always touchy about her bushy hair, that and her large front teeth. "Did you need help?" asked Scorpius quickly, he looked caught in emotions that Albus couldn't decipher. "… No thank you," said Rose, taken a back, as she gave the trunk another shove and it fell into place. "Thanks Rose," smiled Albus as she sat down next to him; she was taller than him, so it only made sense she'd put the trunks up there, and he doubted Scorpius was much taller than himself. "Welcome," she smiled before reaching to take a book out of the bag she had at her side. "Sooo.. Ohm, you're a first year too, right?" asked Albus as he turned to Scorpius who'd gone back to his window, fidgeting with his sleeves, "At least, that's what my brother said." "Yes," he said with a nod, he raised a brow quickly, "James Potter?" "Uh yeah, you've heard of him," smiled Albus happily, but his smile fell at Scorpius look of disdain. "He has potions with my sister," said Scorpius with a glare, "Yeah, I've heard of him." "Slytherin? Is she?" asked Rose, looking up from her book, though her voice didn't sound like it was a question. "As a matter of fact, yes. She is in Slytherin," said Scorpius casually, he went back to the window. "Your house too I suspect?" asked Rose, as if she already knew the answer. "Don't know, like I said, I'm a first year as well," said Scorpius, "It doesn't really matter, too much." "Really, I expected you'd say….." Rose was cut off quickly. "Just because my father's side of the family and my sister are, does not guarantee that I want to be in the same house or that I will be sorted into such," said Scorpius quickly, his expression fell back to one of forced calm, "Besides, there's nothing wrong with Slytherin." "Well," grumbled Rose as she looked back at her book, "With an attitude like that I'd say you're headed there." "Pardon?" asked Scorpius with an agitated look. "I don't want to be in Slytherin.. personally," said Albus, his face fell, "My dad says there's nothing wrong with it if I am... but if I am, that's okay too." "Aren't you a Potter AND a Weasley?" asked Scorpius, Albus nodded, "Then I don't think you have much to worry about." "Didn't you just say your family was all in Slytherin? Because that would be a contradiction to your previous statement," said Rose, Scorpius glared, "Besides Albus, James is just messing with you like normal. If anything, you'd be in Hufflepuff if you weren't in Gryffindor." "Why Hufflepuff?" asked Albus in shock, this had never factored into his mind before. "Now what's wrong with Hufflepuff?" asked Scorpius with a raised brow, he looked at Rose,"Are all houses but Gryffindor beneath you?" "... Ohm… Q-quidditch, do you like Quidditch Scorpius," Albus saw the glare off between the two as if it was a beam of red light between them, "I do." "What?" Scorpius looked away at Rose in confusion by the random change of topic, he smiled a little, "Ohm, yes I like Quidditch." "Oi, you lot, what are you doing?" the door slid open to reveal a thin faced boy with messy auburn hair and freckles, "I saved you lot a seat... oh. Getting friendly, are we?" "Hardly," said Scorpius, his eyes darted to Rose, James' hazel eyes squinted behind his glasses. "Well good.. I don't want…" James was cut off as another head slid into view; this one held a broad smile, darker red hued hair, in what looked like dreads, and a darker complection with dark freckles. "You harassing a bunch of first years, my dear cousin?" asked the boy with a smirk as he ruffled James' already messy hair. "Hey Fred," beamed Rose, Albus smiled happily. "Hey you two.. come on Jimmy, they found a compartment and they're making an attempt at friends with.. er?" Fred looked at Scorpius for a name, he opened his mouth. "Malfoy," said James, giving Fred a nudge, his eyes went a little wide but more with curiosity. "Malfoy? Oh…" said Fred, "So this is Scorpius? You're Scorpius." "Yes. Excuse me but was there some sort of newsletter about my arrival?" asked Scorpius in confusion, Albus snickered slightly. "Nah, it's just your sister wouldn't shut up all last year," Fred was cut off by James. "Per usual…" Fred cut James' possible insult off. "About how her brother Scorpius was coming to Hogwarts this year…" "Should be a newsletter warning though…" "Glad to see you're getting acquainted…" Fred started pulling James from the compartment. "Excuse you…" "Be nice; make loads of friends you lot…" "Except M…" Fred was forcibly shoving James down the hallway. "We best be going, we have to meet up with Jordan and Thomas…" "No we don't…" "See you all at Hogwarts," smiled Fred as he dragged James off and out of sight. "What… was that?" asked Scorpius, still confused by their mere arrival. "My brother James and our cousin Fred," said Albus feeling a little more calmed by Fred's previous presence. "Oh, I imagined him looking more like my sister described," said Scorpius with a shrug, "He doesn't remind me of a troll." "A troll?" asked Rose with an insulted look. "He's more of ogre, if anything," smirked Albus, Scorpius snorted. "That's your brother," said Rose quickly. "So he's reminded me my whole life," said Albus, Rose smirked and rolled her eyes as he looked back at Scorpius, "So, what do your parents do then?" "I wonder.." said Rose as she engrossed herself in her book again. "Why?" asked Scorpius, he looked to Rose, but Albus won over his attention again. "Just making conversation. My dad's head of the Auror's Department and my Mom's a Quidditch and Sports Journalist for the Quibbler and occasionally the Daily Prophet," Said Albus proudly, "And Rose's Mom is Head of Magical Law Enforcement and her Dad's an Auror too… he also helps to run Weasley Wizard Wheezes." "I can speak on my own thank you," Rose sighed, "Besides, my dad was an Auror, if you payed attention this summer, my dad has decided to devote his whole time to the new shop opening in Hogsmede next year." "Really?" asked Scorpius, his eyes wide, "My sister said there already was one? Anyways. My Dad works in the Department of Mysteries. My mom was a Healer, but she decided to stay at home instead. "There is one, but there expanding it again," said Rose, smiling proudly, "They just opened on in Bulgaria last year." "They opened one up in North America, didn't they?" asked Scorpius, he seemed to be relaxing a bit. "No, unfortunately, the permits are very tedious," said Rose, she went back to her book and Scorpius suddenly looked uncomfortable again. "Do you like our family shop?" asked Albus, eager to continue the conversation, Scorpius' face went pink and he looked at his feet. "I'm... I'm not allowed," he said quickly, and looked out the window. "You don't talk much, do you?" asked Albus with a smile, as Scorpius fell back into silence, "Why aren't you allowed?" "It's not a big deal," said Scorpius, he played with his sleeves again, "I wasn't really planning on socializing you know." "Why not?" asked Albus, he raised a brow. "Al, will you just leave him alone," said Rose getting out a new book. "I want to know why he doesn't want friends?" asked Albus, he was confused, making friends outside his families close connected ones, was exactly what he was looking forward to most, "I wan't to make friends, if I can. Sometimes I have a habit of making an awkward situation even more awkward. Mom says it's adorable, I beg to differ." "It's not that I don't want friends." said Scorpius quickly, "I'm just... I'm not really good at making friends... I think." "Do you want to be friends?" asked Albus, hopefully. "What?" asked Scorpius in shock. "Well. I think your interesting. And by are proclamation, we're no good at making friends. So why don't we be friends. Maybe my awkward and your antisocial could work in our favor. Besides, I think your nice," said Albus, he wondered if he was insulting him now. "How did you get that idea?" asked Rose, with wide eyes. "Well, he hasn't told me to bug off or insult me," said Albus, he looked to Scorpius' hopefully. "I'd like to be friends." said Scorpius quietly, but a real smile spread across his face. "Great!" said Albus, he felt the rest of his nerves fall away. The train ride continued, with many discussion, Rose nearly buying out the trolley, Scorpius panic attack at being allowed sweets... which he was apparently restricted from... and Rose switching to yet another book, it was going well. Albus and Scorpius were in a dramatic debated about Quidditch teams and the brawl that had happened last cup. Turned out, there reserved seats were directly under theirs last year. Albus was certain now, that James' dropping of popcorn, might have been on purpose. That thought occurred as Scorpius said, he'd been enjoying it, until a series of food fell on them as the team scored. "You know, sometimes people have a hard time distinguishing a loss on a team for their friendships, you know. I've heard lots of stories from our family. It can destroy friendships," asked