Tom Riddle had spent his Christmases at Hogwarts for four years, until he realised that visiting one of his followers was an excellent way to avoid the scrutinizing eye of Albus Dumbledore, the only professor with so dull a life he stayed to chaperone the students every single Christmas. It was interesting. When he was much younger, he had wanted a family. A father who would bring home sweets for him, a mother to read to him by the fire, just like all those tattered children's tales at the orphanage. The familial lives of his pureblood associates had proven that was just another lie. Rabastan Lestrange lived in a literal haunted house. All his Lestrange ancestors, it seemed, far prefered having a shadow of their former lives of glory than braving death. His mansion, though large, was filled with tens upon hundreds of dead Lestranges who dominated their house with their ghostly affairs. Cassius Selwyn's family was a long line of seers, real and fake, and all his relatives were fond of speaking to Riddle in a spooky predictive voice, claiming things that could be incredibly useful or absolute bullshit. This year, they would be hosted by the Rosiers. Remembering well the few times Rosier had mentioned his family, Riddle was darkly amused at the prospect of further eccentricity. His Knights were waiting for him at the gate, but for Rosier, who had left early to prepare for their arrival. Riddle strode towards them and their chatter died down as he drew close. A few of them shook back the sleeves of their robes to check not their wristwatch, but their Infinium Bracelet, the recently given mark of their service, which would be tested for the first time today. "Get ready," Riddle said to them, and the boys nodded, pairing up the few of them who had not yet reached their seventeenth birthday and learned to apparate. Riddle held out a hand to little Lucius Malfoy, who fitted himself into Riddle's arms with a sly grin. Riddle pushed down the hot desire to slip his hand into the boy's robes and pinch his pale skin. He waved away the image in his mind of Lucius sobbing, looking up at him with glistening grey eyes and begging for a kiss. That would not do. Riddle reached for Lucius' right hand and pulled up his sleeve, running a finger over the boy's pulse point. The pale grey lines that encircled his wrist, barely noticeable, darkened and materialised, rising out of his skin in the form of a silver serpent wound tightly around itself, tail in its mouth. Riddle tapped it with his wand and it began to spin. Within moments, Rosier answered, and it began to burn. One arm draped around Lucius' waist, Riddle spun and disapparated. Riddle and Lucius reappeared on the front steps of a sprawling manor house. Rosier stood in the open doorway with an anxious looking house elf. Several more pops sounded behind them, and Riddle glanced around in satisfaction to find all of his followers had gotten safely through the Rosiers' anti-apparation barrier. Rosier and Lucius had done an excellent job on the Bracelet. "My lord, my friends, welcome to my humble home," drawled Rosier, directing the house elf to take their bags. "Leave your things, Mippy will take them up to your rooms. I must introduce you all to my mother. My lord, she is most excited to see you." "And I, her," said Riddle, flashing a smile. The old pureblood houses all looked like they had been designed by the same architect, stiff and proper three-storey manor houses that tried to intimidate through high ceilings and sharp lines. Riddle was utterly unphased, for all that he had grown up in a destitute orphanage. It took him three weeks in his first year, after he realised that his upbring was a weakness, to methodically research everything he could find in the Hogwarts library about pureblood culture. Then he put the stupid bullies in their place and reinvented himself as Tom Riddle, heir of Slytherin. At first they had scoffed at him, but by second year they were convinced, and by third year Riddle realised that his unlikely bluff was true . He was here for a reason, and magic itself was on his side. As he expected, Rosier showed them into the first parlour, where Angelina Rosier stood silent and elegant by the window. Sandy hair was entwined into a long, neat braid, a few flying tendrils framing an intelligent face with sharp blue eyes. The famous matriarch of the house. Riddle dropped smoothly into a bow, wand hand spread to the side - the dramatic, flourishing bow of two purebloods making first acquaintance. Riddle pulled it off like he had been taught by tutors since he was three. Pleasantries were exchanged. Riddle only gave half a thought to the conversation, his mind racing ahead to wonder where on the grounds was a good place to perform his ritual. This Christmas was the last before he left the comfort of Hogwarts and set his plan properly in motion. This Christmas, he intended to become immortal. It was when Angelina had turned to address the rest of the Slytherins that Riddle heard something that caught his attention. "- Nine rooms, all side by side in the north wing -" "That's very kind, Angelina, but only eight rooms will be necessary," said Riddle, pulling Lucius to his side. Mrs. Rosier's eyebrows shot up as she peered at the two of them over the top of her glasses, Riddle poker-faced, Lucius blushing and mortified. "That won't be a problem at all," she declared after a small pause, clapping her hands for Mippy. "Well, I shan't hold you any longer, I'm sure we can get to know each other very well at supper. Mippy will show you to your rooms and you can get settled in." "Thank you, Angelina," said Riddle. He smiled widely and bowed again. Walking down the corridor, Rosier caught his eye and made an obscene gesture, smirking knowingly. Riddle raised an eyebrow, unimpressed. Lucius caught the exchange, walking right next to Riddle, and looked mortified. The erotic fantasies started playing in his head again. How bothersome it was to be a hormonal teenager. As Mippy closed the door behind them, Riddle saw no reason he should deny himself any longer. Riddle spun round and pinned Lucius against the door. "Master," the boy gasped with wide-eyed innocence. "Do you think you shall enjoy sleeping in my room, Lucius?" Riddle asked lightly. "Yes, Master?" "For such a privilege, I shall expect you to make yourself useful." "Yes, Master. Whatever you want." "When you're in here you should be naked. You should be prepared to serve your master at all times, don't you agree?" Riddle pushed a knee between Lucius' legs and spread them, trailing a hand down Lucius' abdomen to rub against the hardened outline of Lucius' cock. Lucius breathed heavily, gazing at him plaintively, trying to keep still and keep quiet, things Riddle had taught him to do under whip and cane. In truth, Riddle rather enjoyed Lucius buckling and crying, but he enjoyed it all the more when Lucius couldn't help doing so despite fear of punishment. Riddle enjoyed it, too, when Lucius tried so hard to deny himself, just because it pleased him. "Do it now." Lucius shed his school uniform, something he had learned to do quickly and neatly, as he had practiced doing so several times a day under Riddle's predatory gaze. In fact, he had learned all things Riddle taught him remarkably fast, from bedroom techniques to deadly curses. Whatever it was, Lucius would give it all his effort, and then look to Riddle, anxious and anticipating, desperate for a word of praise. It was lovely. "Where's your lubricant?" A while ago, Lucius had brewed them a large supply of lubricant with healing and soothing properties, that he carried everywhere with him, since Riddle often decided to fuck him in all sorts of places and conjured lubricant left him terribly sticky. " Accio lubricant," Lucius said, and the little vial flew out of his bag. "Get on all fours on the bed and finger yourself. While you do that, you can tell me how much you like it when I fuck you." Lucius was so obedient. It was not the first time Riddle had thought of him as a little puppy, foolish and enthusiastic. Yet he was not this way with others. At first, Riddle had thought Lucius' attraction was to power, but Lucius was undaunted by any of the Knights, not even his second-in-command Rosier. Another of the many reasons that Lucius pleased him. Lucius knelt on the edge of the large bed, arse in the air, fingers wet with light blue gel pushing in and out of his dusty pink pucker. Obscene. "Don't you have something to say to me, boy?" Riddle reminded, flicking a Stinging Hex at Lucius' arse. "I like it, I like it when you fuck me, Master," Lucius yelped, his voice muffled and embarrassed. "Really. How so?" "Um." "Nothing to say?" Riddle threw out another Stinging Hex. "I must assume you're lying to me, then." "No, Master," Lucius cried, fucking himself with three fingers. "What should I say…? It's a privilege...to serve you...like this." "Go on." "When you fuck me, I'm so honoured you want to...use me," Lucius whimpered. "I love having my Master stretch me open...I love your cock, Master…" Already there was a hint of tears in Lucius' voice. Perfect, polite little pureblood, Lucius was so embarrassed to say such shameless things. Riddle was painfully aroused, and he palmed his erection through his breeches, watching Lucius' fingers sink into his own arse. "Is that all?" "I really like it, Master. Please believe me." Riddle almost laughed. Before he could answer, their door swung open. Rosier and Selwyn stood frozen in the doorway, Selwyn's mouth half open as though he had been about to speak before he realised what a bad idea that would be. "So much for being a Seer, Selwyn, doesn't help your manners much. Don't you dare move," he added to Lucius, who scrambled at once when he said Selwyn's name. "We knocked," said Rosier in their defence, backing away. "No. Don't leave," Riddle said bitingly. With a wave of his wand he locked the door behind Rosier and Selwyn. "That's twice, Rosier. Evidently you have a great interest in what happens behind my closed doors. It would be impolite of me to curse you in your own home. So please, have a good look." Rosier and Selwyn looked at each other, deathly uncomfortable. Little Lucius was still on his hands and knees, his fingers fisted in the sheets, legs brought in a little closer, shaking with humiliation. Riddle was rarely angry, and no more than slightly annoyed now, but he was very adept at controlling people and this was one of the more fun maneuvers. "I'm sure your legs were spread wider than that. Spread them." Lucius gave a strangled gasp. He obeyed, shifting his knees open more. "Wider." Riddle aimed a Stinging Hex at Lucius' inner thigh. "As you were. Finger yourself. Do it." Choking back sobs, Lucius obeyed him. "Now what did you two want?" Riddle asked calmly. "My lord, we're deeply sorry," said Selwyn, looking green. "We have learned our lesson. We respect your privacy." "It's not a problem. What did you come here for?" "We were...going to invite you to tea in the Spring Room. It's fine. Take your time. Take all the time," said Rosier. "Oh! How could I keep you waiting. Just a second." Riddle turned around and summoned an item from his bag, and held it up to Rosier and Selwyn. It was a large knobbly butt plug. "I'll make it quick." Riddle walked over to Lucius, pushed his hand away, and shoved the plug into him carelessly. Lucius cried out, his voice breaking.