It is here! The first installment in the series of oneshots I promised about the Grimm Set of Games victors. I figured it'd be fitting to begin with a POV from the very first victor himself :) Also, I'd originally planned on making these things much more of a "stand alone story", so even those who haven't read a Grimm Set of Games could still enjoy. However, as always with my writing, things never go according to plan, and this oneshot ends up relating a lot more to A Grimm Set of Games than I thought it would. But only one chapter, really. So, if anyone doesn't want to read the entire Grimm Set of Games (understandable, it is LONG), you could just skim the beginning and end POVs of chapter 47 to learn the history discussed in this chapter :) Also, I absolutely suck with judging ratings. So for now, I'm keeping this at T, but I may bump it up to M relatively soon. If anyone thinks it should be M now, or at any point when I've failed to change the rating, please let me know. Thank you :) Anyways, enjoy! One day after the completion of the 2 nd Games . . . Spinel August, District 1, Victor of the 1 st Hunger Games "Miss Fellasia has already announced it on her LifeStory profile," Ternatius Pumpleton says excitedly, eager to please his president. "And it's all over sites such as Teen Talk and Capichat. Her friends all seem insanely jealous, and even those with no relation to the girl are hearing about it. So far, it's a huge hit!" The president all but ignores his assistant, his eyes focused entirely on my own. Gregorio Deutschten may like my father, much as a master likes his loyal lapdog, but he's never seemed to enjoy my company. It's nothing new; many people feel the same. Some say my eyes, steel grey and without any hint of emotion, make them feel uncomfortable. Though it appeared to have to opposite effect on Fellasia Strombin, who saw it as a challenge. "Let's see if I can make those eyes smile," she'd whispered in my ear. To her credit, she had tried her very best. I'd wanted to throw up. I still want to throw up. "And the profits?" Ternatius is interrupted mid-rant as he lists the various social networks discussing this new activity ; seems the president cares less for the happiness of his people and more so for the money in his bank. It's hard to believe citizens of the Capitol voted for him of their own free will, but he was elected in a time of war – I'm sure Head of Military Defence would have seemed like a fine choice at the time. But these are peace times now – at least, we're supposed to believe they are – and I can't envision President Deutschten holding his post for much longer. Perhaps this is the thought he sees when he looks in my eyes; it would explain his dislike for me. "Well, the first one was a trial run, obviously," Ternatius says, and the wide smile is purple lips form makes it seems as though he's trying to make a joke. No one laughs. "But everyone is posting offers, for both Mr August," he nods in my direction, "And the newly crowned victor. They're quite high, sir." He offers the president a page, filled with what are no doubt price listings, and Gregorio nods, uttering a single grunt to show his satisfaction. "Good." He lifts his eyes off the page, gold irises contrasting with my silver. "You're free to go, Mr August. Expect to hear from us shortly." Because it's too much to ask for them to just leave me alone. I nod curtly, rising from the hard, wooden chair to exit the president's office. There's an escort waiting right outside, though not the frilly, yellow and orange ball of energy that reaps tributes and sets up sponsors; this man is all serious, here to make sure I don't run amok inside the president's mansion. I've been here multiple times, and always thought this extra guard was ridiculous. But now, for the first time, I feel like grabbing the closest, priceless vase and hurling it straight at the ornate chandelier, before sprinting down the hall to see what other kind of mayhem I can cause. Yet I don't, and instead allow myself to be led outside, where the same limo that picked me up from Fellasia's is waiting. And for a moment, my stomach twists with a powerful emotion – not fear, but disgust. I don't want to get into that vehicle, most certainly, definitely, do not . Last night, it drove me to hell. Today wasn't much different. Just going back to the Centre, I tell myself, forcing my hand to stretch out and open the car door. Just going back to the Centre. Still, it takes all of my willpower to overcome my desire to run, though my resolve nearly breaks as the engine starts. Just going to the Centre. Think about it: warm shower, food, a long awaited change of clothes . . . It's then that I notice her sitting across from me, legs swinging and hitting the seat with a rhythmic thump, thump, thump that seems to be in sync with my heart beat. I refuse to acknowledge her while in the presence of another person, even if it's only the driver. Though with the glass panel separating him from the rest of the car, he can't hear a word I'd say anyways. Maybe it isn't exactly having somebody else around, then – maybe I just can't stand talking to her. Like all the other times I've seen her, she doesn't force a conversation, and the drive back to the Training Centre is a silent one. I'm determinedly looking out the window to distract myself, yet each passing building reminds me of Fellasia's house, Fellasia's house, Fellasia's house, and before I know it, my nails are digging into my palm, trying to drown out the memories with a more immediate pain. It doesn't work. Luckily the ride isn't all that long, and before I know it, I'm hopping out of the car and striding briskly into the Training Centre. And, despite the fact that I'm more than a foot taller, that my legs are quite a bit longer, she somehow manages to keep up. The lobby is empty when I enter it and I don't care to know where the escort or stylists are. Instead, I head straight for the elevator, jabbing the 12 button and firmly ignoring the girl as she slips right between the closing doors. I should go to my floor, perhaps find something there to help me feel better – but I don't want to risk running into someone up there. The twelfth floor, at least, I'd figured would be empty. But the clanking and crashing noises say differently, reaching my ears as the elevator opens once more. No one's in my immediate sight, however, and I take the opportunity to sneak over to tribute hall, where I know, after the two doors leading to bedrooms, there will be a stairwell that takes me to the roof. The sounds seem to be coming from that hall, however, and I find myself almost gliding across the floor in an attempt to remain quiet – my little follower, of course, is silent as the grave. We stop outside one of the bedrooms as a loud thump! is heard inside, followed by a muttered curse and a shout of "I told you not to put that there!" I don't want to get caught, just want to be left alone – but I can't resist peering in to have a look. Two construction workers are inside . . . no, one construction worker, and what appears to be a twelve-year-old boy. I'd assume it's her son, but it's never easy to tell in the Capitol; while in the districts, you can look at faces and identify similar features, here, people have had so many surgeries and tattoos that you can't discern anything. Though neither of these two seem to have had much work done, and I can clearly see the similar long noses, the high cheekbones they both share. Must be a poorer family then – in the Capitol, you can tell someone's status by how unnatural their appearance is. "Mom, I'm sorry, I just- I told you, I'm no good at building things!" The woman sighs and rubs her temples. "It's fine, Kelwin. And we're not building anything, we're just covering a few dents. So please, try to keep the tools out of the way." "I shouldn't have even come, I hate construction work!" "Hey, it is a solid job with good pay." When the boy stares at her, big eyes not comprehending a word, she sighs again. "You'll understand when you're older. Not everyone can become Gamemakers and stylists." "But that's what I want to do!" "Kelwin, there's too much luck involved with those careers, you have no guarantee for the future. And anyways, look at you, already going on construction jobs! You'll be ahead of everyone else in the field." "I hate Take Your Kid to Work Day." The last line is mumbled, and I don't think the mother hears it, because she doesn't comment. Or maybe she does. I'm not sure; I'm too distracted with the wall behind them. My eyes have finally found the "dents" they were hired to cover and the memories brought back are none too pleasant. They murdered during war and now they murder during "peace"! The rebellion was quenched, but our fires still burn Down with the Capitol, and all their supporters! - Cailen and Dany Meine During his time in the Capitol, Cailen must have brought a knife back from dinner, and used it to carve his message all across the wall. I forgot this was his floor, with his and his sister's rooms . . . The thought gets my feet moving again, and before I know it, I'm slipping quickly into the stairwell and climbing up to the roof. It was a place I'd found last year, also courtesy of the Meine siblings – one of the last thing Danysa said before we murdered her in front of her brother's eyes. "On the roof, in the garden, under the third potted tree. Please . . ." she'd whispered, as I'd knelt down to slit her throat and finally put an end to her pain. I'd nearly forgotten about it until the night before I was set to leave the Capitol. The roof was monitored, of course, but if the wind happened to be blowing a certain way, the camera would be obscured by one of the larger trees and its swaying leaves. So mine were the only eyes that ever saw Danysa Meine's last gift. To whoever has won these dreaded Games, Cailen, I hope this is you. If not, hopefully Ceedna, Harv, Lacey or Denym. But if whoever's reading this is not my brother, or any of my allies, then this might be harder than I thought. Especially if you're a Career. These Games cannot be allowed to continue. Please understand, they just can't. They take innocent lives and throw them away, something that's just unacceptable. If you are a Career, you would have been part of an alliance. And all of those alliance members would be dead. Is that fair? I'm sure you must've grown to be friends, or at the very least trust each other. Is it fair that those people, the ones who helped you to survive, had to die? No. But it's not your fault. Not anyone's fault except the Capitol's. The Hunger Games are sick, twisted, evil to the highest degree. But do you remember the speech they gave us, at the beginning of all