Iam Isabella Swan and I am 18 years old. I live in Forks. Today is the begging of my new life. A life away from Forks, from this entire stupid people who liked to humiliate me. Today is my graduation day. Finally I would go to the NYU. I have a fool scholarship. Today all will come to an end and the most important think? I will never see Edward Cullen again. This stupid kid who always made me cry about my body because I have some more weight from normal. Which also I had a major crush on him four years now. So here I am at my bedroom getting ready for my last day at Forks. My friend Angela, the only friend I have, is going to study at the same university with me. She picked my outfit. A black pear of jeans with a red blouse and black flats. I let my hair fall around my shoulders and I put lip gloss at my lips. I finished and went downstairs to the living room. Charlie, my dad, was waiting for me there. When I stepped at the last stair, I could hear the TV open. I took a deep breath and I spoke to him. "Hey, dad, I m ready. We can go." He appeared at the doorway with a huge smile on his face. "Oh Bella, I am so happy for you. You grown up so fast. You look beautiful. Come here to give you a hug" he said and hugged me. "Thanks dad. Please can we go now? I want to finish with all of them and not see them again in my life. The only thing that makes me sad is that you will be miles away from me." I said and pulled away from him. He was the only person who was there for me the hole time. He knew everything even my crush for Edward. He could hug me the nights that I had nightmares with them making fun on me and waking up screaming. He was my hero, my friend, home and family. "Don't worry Bella, I can come and visit you at holidays. Everything is going to be ok. Let's go. I want all these bad things end today and to begin a new life honey." He said and took my hand to lead me out of the house. We get into the cruiser and the trip for the Forks High began. Suddenly I was feeling very upset and sad. This day was the last day of my miserable life here in Forks and also the day of my beautiful new life, but also the last day to see Edward. The last day I could see his green beautiful eyes, his bronze hair, hear his velvet calm voice and also the last day of his horrible treatment to me. Yes, that is what I have to think. I was not going to miss him, no, definitely, no. But I was. He was my first love. My first tear. My first dream. I, slowly, lift my eyes to see that we were at the parking lot of high school. I was nervous. I searched the lot to find Angela, while I was getting out of the car. I close the door and again I searched for Angela. Green eyes locked with brown and my breath caught at my throat. I left my eyes to wonder down to see that he was wearing the graduation gown. Still in his gown, he was looking perfect. I felt week, I felt I was going to pass out, but when our eyes made contact again, the disgust on his face made me mad. Edward would be always Edward. I turned my head quickly and found Angela staring at me with sad face. She knew my crush but she also could see his terrible behavior. She came to me and hugged me. "Come on Bella, this is our last day here. Today our life is going to begin and I can see the future, believe me, is going to be wonderful. We will leave at the same room and we can do everything we want and no one will know us. Nether do we! It's going to be great!! Hello Mr. Swan" she said and kissed me at the cheek. Ah my dearest friend Angela always could make my day. Her brown big eyes were always showing me her love for me. She is so beautiful. Her long dark hair was around her shoulders and her smile was reaching her eyes. I believed her. This was our plan. To believe that the future will be wonderful for both of us. She had problems here like I had but not for her body but for her mind. She is the most intelligent person I ever met, so "a geek" like the others was always saying. "Yes, it's going to be wonderful and perfect for us there. I am going to be a best seller author and you are going to be the best lawyer ever. Come on, let's get this over and celebrate our new life" I told and turned on my heels to leave. "Hello Angela" Charlie said and followed us. But I knew he saw me and I knew he wouldn't let me go before he humiliate me. I heard his laugh and turned around to see him. He was there at the same position, by his car, holding Jessica Stanley in his arms and around them were his friends and his siblings, pointing at me and laughing. "Hey waste of space, this is the last time that I have to see the disgusting face of yours and your geek friend" he said giggling. Charlie grabbed my forearm in order to not go there and straggle him. His was still laughing hard but I didn't care. Tell everything you want bustard. One day you will pay for all of these, I said to my self. I turned and left the parking lot with my best friend and my father. That was all that matters to me. We made it to the gym and I left Charlie to sit. I went with Angela to take our positions, me with the S and Angela with the W. I sat there and waited for my name to be called. I saw Edward's hair from the corner of my eye going to take his place at the C's. Mr. Banner stood up and went straight at the microphone. "Today is a big day for all of you, he said pointing us. Your life is going to begin with joy, happiness and thirst for hard work to be what you were dreaming about. I introduce you the class of 2004. Congratulations to all of you." He said and the audience applause for us. He started to say our names and when he said mine, I walked up there relieved. I could see my dad crying from happiness and pride for me. This was the end. This was the begging. I felt that what happened to me all these years didn't matter anymore. I was leaving from this hell and I was starting my new life. The only think that could bring me back here was Charlie and nothing else. I went toward to my dad to hug him. He had his arms open for me and waited. His eyes were red from the tears and his smile wasn't touching his eyes. I knew it would be difficult for him. I could see in his eyes that he was sad but also happy for me. That my torture here will end. I reached him and hugged him with all I have. Tomorrow he would be alone again. Without me in his house. Without him in my new life. But I wasn't going to give up or to come back here ever again. "Congratulations Bella. I am very proud of you. You've done well. I knew you could make it. You will be a great author. I love you", he said and left a kiss at my cheek. "Thank you dad. I love you to so much." I said and felt a single tear run to my cheek. "Don't Bella. This is what you were waiting for. The end. No cries, no worries, no pain but only happiness. Don't cry, please. Angela is coming and I have to go and say hello to Dr. Cullen and congratulate him for his kids. Sorry but you know he is a good man and not like his son." He said. I straightened my back and pulled back slightly. "Ok, I know you have to do this. Go I will wait at the cruiser for you. Don't be late. We have a reservation waiting us at Bella Italia." I said and left from the gym. I didn't want to see Edward's face again. So I was now walking to the hallway of my old school. I froze at my place when I saw the door of the biology class. I pushed open the door and I reached for my table. The table I was sharing with Edward for four years. The first day came back to my mind. Playing the scene in my head I could see Edward's eyes looking at me with curiosity. I had moved there then and no one knew me. The only empty seat was next to Edward and Mr. Banner led me there. I run my fingertips to the table and a single tear run from my cheek to the hallow of my neck. This was the first time I saw him and immediately I felt in love with him. I sat on his chair and let my eyes wander outside the window. The tears falling from my eyes into the table, to his side. Suddenly I felt I wasn't alone anymore in here. Someone was standing there, staring at me. I could feel the eyes making a hole to my back. I wiped away the tears and turned around to see who was with me. My eyes widened to the view of Edward standing at the door and staring at me angry. Angry? Why? What did I do wrong? Nothing. I was sitting here all alone looking outside. "What the fuck are you doing at my seat? Get the hell out of there" he yelled. The blood raze up to my head. I was very angry that moment. "What do you want fucking bustard? Hah? To scare me? To make me cry? That's what you want? Guess what? I am not going to give you this pleasure. So get the hell out of my way to pass because I don't want to knock you out." I yelled back to him. His jaw dropped to the floor while I was making my way to him. He looked surprised and that was what I wanted to see. I walked out of the class, not looking back. I left him there speechless for the first time. And believe me I liked that so much. I was proud with my self. That was the way I wanted him to remember me, if he ever will. I got out the same time with Charlie, who still had red eyes. I was wondering why. I opened the door of the cruiser, sat at the passenger sit and closed the door. "Dad, are you ok? Is something wrong?" I asked him worried. "Oh it's nothing Bella. I am going to miss you that's all." He said. I leaned forward and hugged him again. I was going to miss him too. "Ok no more tears. Let's go to the restaurant. Angela and her parents will wait for us" I said and sat back at my seat. I looked out for one last time to see my personal hell, lose from my glance. This is my start. I looked outside the trees passing by, while I was thinking what