Lessons Well Learned Rated: NC-17; for all the good stuff Word Count: 3081 Disclaimer: These characters belong to JKR. I have only given... alternate scenarios as to what she has created. This is in no way meant to cause harm. If you are squicked by homosexual relationships (and in this case, incest) please turn away now. Romania was not always the most comforting of places, as Charlie Weasley had found over the span of time he had lived there. The weather was perfect, the view extraordinary, the job fantastic, his friends - hilarious! However, what nobody realized was that regardless of how many people he was surrounded by, Charlie always felt alone. No longer did the vodka and the self-service policy satiate his hunger; he wanted more human contact than what he had with his left hand. It had been years since he'd had a girlfriend, if you could call any of them that. A few short dates followed by a quick tangle in the sheets. Then one or both of them cut of all avenues of communication. An extended one night stand, as he had once fondly thought of them. But that was once. It certainly wasn't of the now. He almost regretted never sticking around afterwards, never staying committed, sometimes screwing two or three in one night. Charlie, the nymphomaniac. His mother would have had a heart attack if she had heard even half of his bed-hopping escapades. Thankfully, his mother had never heard a word of it from the only other person who knew. Charlie would always appreciate his brother for that much. And that was were it began and seemed to end. With Bill Weasley. Sitting at home, with only his thoughts to keep him company, Charlie was re-thinking all the decisions he had made; accepting Norbert, who turned out to be a bit more of a hassle than had been originally thought, leaving home, his last girlfriend, his last boyfriend, his days at Hogwarts, and the first time he had sex. It's a stormy night, and not long after leaving Hogwarts for the final time, Charlie is sitting on his bed, wondering what's to become of him now that he no longer has school to contend with. Earlier that afternoon, he received two owls. One was from a friend in Romania, asking if he had thought about the position that was being offered to him; informing him that if he truly wishes to work with dragons, an immediate meeting is necessary to overlook his application. The second letter is from his girlfriend of nearly two years. Charlie, It's been almost two years since I fell in love with you, with your eyes, your smile, your charms. And in that time, we've had so much fun; childish fun. Quick kisses before Quidditch games and quaint dates to Hogsmeade. But we are no longer children, and though I know we were committed then, I need to know that we are committed now. I'm a woman now, Charlie, and you a man. I think it's time we do something about it. I can't stay stagnant forever, and making love to you is something I've wanted to do for the longest time. I'm ready now. Ready for this, ready for your answer. I've reserved a room at the Leaky Cauldron for the 24th. If you do show up, I'll know you want to further this relationship. If not, then I shall accept my aunt's invitation and leave for France the next morning without looking back. Remember, I truly love you. But I can't wait any longer. This is the way it must be. Lovingly, Ingrid The paper has already been crumpled many times over, folded and unfolded, the words no longer needing to be read, running through his mind at a steady pace, tattoed on the inside of his eyelids. He is scared, not wanting to lose her, but afraid of what might happen if he agrees to her proposition. With little to no experience, he doesn't want the possible awkwardness of the situation to drive her away. Shedding a tear or two for his breaking heart and the difficult decision that faces him, he falls back upon his pillow, clutching the now tattered paper close to his heart. This is how Bill finds him. Hearing Bill enter the room, Charlie hides the page quickly, not wanting to let his brother know what is racing through his mind, not wanting to share this dilemma with anyone. "Besides," he thinks, "It's not like he will understand anyway." Bill cocks a fiery eyebrow at his brother's sudden movement, the look of anguish on the younger sibling's face vanishing so quickly that Bill doubts whether it was there in the first place. "Charlie... um..." he stumbles to deliver the message ordered by his mother, as he sees a single tear creep out the corner of Charlie's smokey eye. "Are you alright, little brother?" Charlie quickly wipes the gathering moisture from his eye and looks up, trying to look dignified as always, trying to look as if he is the strong child when he knows perfectly well that he can't hold up the façade much longer. "I'm nearly certain that's not what you came upstairs to talk to me about," he spews, the anger tinting his voice more than he expected it to, shocking both brothers. He keeps his dignified demeanor, his eyes stalking Bills awkward movements. "Well, no," began Bill, quickly disguising his surprise for a more cynical flair "Mum wanted her darling boy downstairs for his victory celebration. She made spotted dick for you, y'know. So stop mourning or wanking off or whatever it is you're doing 'cause Mum'll flay me alive if I don't have you downstairs faster than you can say 'Apparate'." Charlie glares at his brother, muttering that he will be downstairs soon and for him not to get his panties in a knot. "I'm not Percy," Bill half-snarls as he leaves the room, the tension thick enough to be cut with a knife. All Charlie wants is to be left alone as he makes his way downstairs to the party spread out just for him, to be left alone to ponder, to love, to mourn. It's times like these that Charlie despises having won the Quidditch Cup. He hates having to go downstairs and he shoots a hidden look of anger at his mother for forcing him to partake in the family celebration. He doesn't even know why she bothers anymore. He knows he's nothing special like Bill. Bill was HeadBoy. Charlie played Quidditch. He doesn't see how the two equal each other, nor does he care, as he sits begrudgingly at the rickety wooden table already surrounded by at least six others with dancing heads of flame. Charlie loathes his hair, he always has. Hates the soft spray of freckles that are barely evident on his subtly chiseled features. He hates the fact that his family is poor and sometimes even curses the fact that he was even conceived. But nobody knows that their dear hero is filled with nothing but angst. He thanks his mother half-heartedly for the party, accepting the gifts and the cake that he knows they can't afford, just wanting to be upstairs in his room, wanting to know how to tell Ingrid. What to tell Ingrid. With imminent relationship disaster leering overhead, everything he sees reminds him of their relationship. The cake reminds him of the time he spent all night attempting to persuade the house elves to let him bake her birthday cake, only appearing to her with his masterpiece when sufficiently covered in batter and frosting. She had loved it. Finally, when he can take no more, Charlie trudges back to his room, and lets the door fall closed behind the footsteps that echoed with sorrow. Forcing the laughter from the halls to turn into complete silence, he throws himself on the bed and retrieves the letter from underneath his shabby pillow to read yet again. France. Not believing that these are his only options, Charlie sits there, wishing that Ingrid understood his fear of sex. He knows he is being childish, that there is really nothing to be afraid of. "Can't you just go the fuck away?" Charlie barely lifts his head, as he voices his desire of the expulsion of his brother from his room. "Or you could lock your door," comes Bill's reply. "We're too poor to have locks, Mr. Fucking Perfect. Why don't you go bother someone else closer to your status? Maybe if you're lucky Percy will let you watch him wank off. You can teach him some of your very fine skills," Charlie laughs scathingly, the words intending to be as bitter as they sound. "I don't want to upset you, Charlie," Bill starts, stepping gingerly around the situation. "I know something's wrong. You can tell me, I'm older, I've been through things. And I'm not Mr. Perfect..." he finished lamely. "We've ALL been through things, you twat. And that's a lame excuse to dig up dirt to feed your boring infatuation with being a know-it-all." Charlie spits out; throwing a book that nearly hits Bill in the head. "Get out. Just - GET OUT!" he shouts, crumpling back into his pillow, tears cascading down his pallid face. Bill closes the door, slowly moves towards the bed and sits down. He finds the note that was quickly tossed upon the makeshift bed table and he takes in every word and lets it fall to the ground. Charlie's eyes follow the fluttering parchment and leaves it untouched as it hits the floorboards. Bill begins stroking Charlie's hair, shorter and coarser than his own, but just as radiant. "It's alright, Charlie. Maybe I can help. Tell me what's on your mind?" Bill says, as mock-psychiatrist as he can, hoping to get at least a chuckle from the boy sprawled across the bed. "What's the matter?!" Charlie chokes through tears, obviously annoyed with the stupidity of the question. "You read the damn letter. You tell me, oh great guru. What's the matter? What the hell could possibly be wrong?" Bill drops the clown act, realizing that laughter just isn't the best medicine this time around. He lifts Charlie's chin, wiping the streaks of moisture from his soft skin with his other hand, and leading him gently, brings him up to rest in his lean arms. He brushes the few strands of hair off of his younger brother's sorrowful, tear splattered face. "Things happen for a reason. Whether we know that reason or not has little impact on what consequences follow. If she really loves you, she'll understand. It's not about inadequacy; it's about commitment, to her, at least. I know you love her, it's obvious that you'd do anything to please her. If she leaves, then it must mean that you deserve better. If she leaves, you will heal over time until one day you find someone better, someone new. Someone who - " "I'm sorry," Charlie blurts out, raising his head slightly off of his brother's comforting chest. Bill looks down, the hand that has been running through Charlie's hair suddenly stilling. "It's alright. You're going through something far more important than trading a few sarcastic barbs. Just remember, I'll always be there for you, no matter what it is you - " Bill is silenced once more, this time by the soft caress of the shorter boy's lips upon his own. His lips lingering for only a moment, Charlie sits back and looks at the expression on Bill's face, one of shock and bewilderment. But not disgust. "Charlie, what was that? What are you doing?" he manages to ask, thoughts now racing furiously inside his head, though they seem almost non-existent. Charlie slides his body closer to Bill's, leaning in close enough to be heard, close enough to be understood. "Please, Bill. Show me, teach me. I trust you," he whispers almost inaudibly. Bill