So my brother got some…thing called an "Uboozy" for his birthday (what the hell kind of name is "Uboozy" anyways), and it reminded me of a Furby. I then thought "Pfft what would happen if Nico ever met a Furby haha" and this was born. In other words, my mind is a terrifying place. Also, another note: Alex is non-binary and uses the pronouns zhe/zher. And kudos to my friend for helping me find Furby stories to use in this fic. WARNING: There's gonna be a make-out and I have never made out before so sorry for inaccuracy. Plus it's between two guys and I'm not male most of the time (I'm genderfluid but I was born female so yeah). Disclaimer: Rick Riordan would never put his characters through such torture. I also don't own whatever company makes the hellspawn that we like to give to children-I mean whatever company makes Furbies. I also grabbed a few Furby stories from online, and my friend helped me look for a couple. One of them is the inspiration for what Will and Nico do to the Furby. I only own Laurel, Alex, Alice, and any other non-canon character mentioned. "Nico! Nico Nico Nico!" A small but perky blonde Brazilian girl ran up to the son of Hades, who had been walking up to the Apollo cabin. Nico smiled to himself as she started to jump up and down next to him. He wouldn't admit most things out loud, but he had to agree with most people when they called Laurel Azevedo, one of the youngest campers, absolutely adorable. "Hey, Laurel." Laurel grinned a grin that was lacking a tooth or two. "Are you here to see Big Brother Will?" she asked. "Because Big Sibling Alex says that you guys get it on a lot and waggles zher eyebrows and Laura says 'Alex no' whenever zhe does that." Nico grimaced slightly, praying to the gods that he wasn't blushing. "Don't listen to Alex, she can say and do pretty weird things." Even though he was glad that the Apollo cabin had been so accepting of him and Will, they were rather found of making dirty jokes (re: Alex, Kayla, Samuel, Austin…the list was nearly endless.) "I know! Ooh!" Laurel exclaimed as they reached the foot of the stairs that led up to the porch of the Apollo cabin. "My mamá sent me a toy from home, and I wanna show you! Can I?" Nico frowned. He had been planning to meet up with Will in his cabin, where the son of Apollo had been busy working on typing up a supply list for the infirmary. Laurel was most likely going to delay him from being able to do so. However, he couldn't refuse the second-grader. "Um, sure." " ¡ Bueno! I can't wait for you to meet Coco!" "Coco?" But Laurel had already darted inside her cabin, and the door slammed shut behind her. The son of Hades sighed. In almost no time at all, the door swung back open, and Laurel ran back out, holding something behind her back. She trotted up down the steps and turned to face Nico, grinning proudly. She then held up what had been behind her back, and proclaimed loudly. "This is Coco!" Nico made a strangled noise and lurched back. It was a fuzzy little thing , with pink and white zebra stripes. Its eyes were electronic, round, and green, and they blinked up at Nico. They stared into his eyes like they were contemplating when the best time to eat his soul would be. It had triangular fluffy ears, a tan beak, and tan clawed feet. Whatever it was, it wasn't human, and the sight struck Nico with more fear than any other monster he had ever encountered. "Wh-What is that?!" Nico swallowed hard, feeling a lump form in his stomach. Laurel giggled, and the thing's ears twitched. "A Furby!" "A Fur-what?" "Furby! Her name is Coco. Say hello, Coco!" Coco made a noise that Nico couldn't identify as a word, but it sounded downright demonic. "She likes you!" Laurel exclaimed. That did nothing to reassure Nico. "Um, yeah. That's great. So, can I go in now, or…?" "Okay!" Laurel chirped, before turning around and skipping back up the steps to the door to her cabin. Nico trudged after her. She fumbled with the doorknob for a moment, before her face lit up and the door swung open. Grinning, she ran inside, shouting, "Big Brother Will! Big Brother Will!" "Don't call me that!" a familiar voice yelled back. Nico grinned at the sound of it. Laurel had the habit of calling her older siblings "Big Brother/Sister/Sibling." Most found it endearing. Others, such as Will, did not. He stepped into the cabin to find it as disgustingly yellow and bright and cheerful as ever, wondering what would have happened if he had really put Will in charge of redecorating his cabin the first time Will had offered to help him. The bunks were nailed into the walls, as they were in all of the cabins. The ceiling was enchanted to be the image of the sky as it appeared-which, that particular afternoon, was a deep blue with several fluffy clouds, with the sun playing peek-a-boo with them. The sheets on all of the beds were a pale yellow, and the pillowcases were various colors and images. Some had musical notes and instruments, others the names of various poets and some of their famous quotes. A few had golden arrows and the iconic symbol of the Mockingjay from the Hunger Games, and others had stethoscopes and lab coats. The last few had swirling green mists and fortune cookies printed on them. Laurel ran up to a bed with a pillowcase that had the entire balcony scene from Romeo and Juliet printed out on it. There was only one wall without any bunks, and that wall had three doors. Nico knew where the doors would lead, since Will had shown him. The first one led to the cabin's bathroom, which was as golden as the rest of the cabin. The second door led to a wide collection of books of poetry, music, and medicine, enough to fill both the libraries of Stanford and Yale. The second door led to an equipment room, which contained instruments and quivers of arrows with matching bows (Nico severely questioned the decision of whoever had created the cabin to put a bunch of heavy objects near a bunch of sharp objects). Looking at the doors, you could never guess what laid beyond them. Except for the first door, it was obvious enough. Will was hunched over on a laptop, sitting cross-legged on a bunk close to the wall with the doors. His pillowcase had, of all things, a cross-examination of the human brain embroidered on it. How Will slept on it, Nico had no idea. The son of Apollo's curly blonde hair bounced whenever Will shifted on the bed, which was quite frequent, due to his ADHD. His dark skin was dotted with plenty of freckles, even if they were a bit tricky to see. He glared at the computer screen with bright blue eyes that matched the color of the sky outside. "Hey, Will." Nico walked up to Will's bunk and sat down beside him. "Hey," was Will's terse response as he glared at the computer screen. Nico leaned over to give Will a quick peck on the cheek, smiling to himself as Will stiffened and turned red. "Nico! Not in front of my sister!" he hissed, gesturing towards where Laurel sat on her bunk, playing with her little demon toy. For some reason, she was sticking her finger in its open beak. She was probably going to lose her finger to it. "Calm down, Will. She's not even looking at us. We could be having a rough makeout session, and she wouldn't even look away from her…toy." "Nico!" "I'm joking. She probably would." Will just sighed, moving his finger along the laptop's touch pad so that the arrow-which looked like an actual archery arrow-would hit the "Save" button on the document. Satisfied that it had saved after he had hit it twenty times, he closed the laptop and leaned against Nico's shoulder. Nico turned slightly red at this, but didn't protest against Will using him as a pillow. "Shouldn't you be working on the infirmary supply list?" "Eh, yeah. But Argus won't be going to town until Friday, and today's…Tuesday, right?" Nico nodded. "Yeah, I think so." "Yup. Going to town during the game. Plus, we don't really need that much. I'm just annoyed with this laptop." "How so?" Will opened it up and gestured at the keyboard. "Look at this! The keyboard has English letters! I don't do English." "There's not a lot of demigods who do English." "The way you said it made English sound like someone's name, which was just wrong." "Yeah, you don't want me to do anyone besides-" Will yelped and shoved his hand up to cover Nico's. "There is a second-grader in here," he hissed again. Nico raised an eyebrow and looked down at Will. At least, he looked down at Will the best that he could with a hand on his mouth. "How many times do I need to repeat that a second-grader is in here?" Will grumbled. Nico licked Will's hand, causing the blonde boy to yelp and jerk his hand away, wiping it furiously on his bedsheets. "Am I really that gross?" Nico asked. "So gross that you don't want my spit on you?" "No, it's just that I don't want my hand to be all slobbery." Will shuddered and wiped his hand again for good measure. "Why would your hand be all slobbery, Will?" Laurel asked. Will gave Nico a "See-what-I-mean" look before answering. "Because Nico licks my hand whenever I put it on his mouth." "I don't like it when people put their hands on my mouth." "Babe, I don't think anyone does." "You shouldn't be 'babe'-ing me in front of your little sister." "That's different than dirty jokes, babe." Nico blushed again. "Not really." Laurel turned back to her Furby. "Coco doesn't lick my finger when I put it in her mouth. Do you, Coco?" The Furby actually shook its head, much to Nico's disbelief, and said something that sounded suspiciously like a slightly garbled version of "No. Hungry!" Laurel giggled. "Alright!" She stuck her finger back in the Furby's beak. "Will." "Mm?" "What's a Furby?" "What, like what Laurel has?" "Yeah." Will shifted, adjusting himself so that he wouldn't slide down Nico's chest. "Um, I don't really know much about them. They're like fur-covered robots, basically. They're motion-activated, and there's some scary stories about them." "Like what?" "Samuel mentioned this story that popped up on his Tumblr one time, about someone who was Skyping their little cousin, and their cousin left her Furby in front of them when she went to do something. They paid no heed to the Furby, until they suddenly heard a sound that they described as…" Will swallowed, looking like he was trying not to choke. "They described it as 'Satan's asshole farting out a Metallica solo' coming out of the speakers." Nico started laughing. "A Metallica solo?" he gasped out. Will nodded, chuckling along. "Yeah, apparently. Then the Furby started laughing maniacally in a high-pitched voice, and this lasted for about twenty seconds until the person's cousin walked back into the room, which was when it all stopped." "And Samuel told you this?" "He was laughing so hard that he was on the verge of tears, so we had to ask what was up to make sure that he was okay. When he told us, Meredith nearly fell out of her wheelchair laughing as well, and Alice laughed into her pillow for five minutes straight." "I can see why." "And there was this other one. There was a picture of someone's Furby stuffed