I originally uploaded this as the final chapter of my fanfiction "How Not to Get Your OTP Together," but this came out pretty well for my first attempt at writing a wedding, so I'd like to share it with the rest of you guys. Please enjoy! Also, I've mentioned Magnus Chase in here, since I've read the book. But there's not any spoilers in this. Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Percy Jackson books or the lyrics to "I Will Follow You Into the Dark" by Death Cab for Cutie. To say that Nico was nervous would be the understatement of the year. He didn't think that he stopped shaking since Will proposed to him, over two years ago. Hell, maybe not even since he first kissed Will. If he actually hadn't, he wouldn't be surprised. He tried to tie the bowtie that was hanging around his neck, but his fingers slipped and he ended up pulling it off his neck for the fifth time. "Dammit!" "Nico?" The door opened, and Nico whirled around. It couldn't be time yet! He wasn't ready! "I'm not done!" "What on Earth do you…?" Hazel stopped at the look on Nico's face, before sighing. "You still have a few minutes before it starts, you know." She walked over to him, her cream dress swishing at her knees. "Shouldn't you be with Frank and Aliyah?" Nico asked. "Don't worry, Frank's got her. They need some father-daughter bonding time anyways. Are you having trouble with your tie?" "You could say that." "Here." Hazel gently yanked the strip of cloth out of Nico's hands. She slipped her hands over his head and under his collar, and before Nico knew it she had tied a perfect bow. It surprised him how fast she had made it, especially since he was nearly a foot taller than her. "There you go." "Thank you." Hazel smiled and dusted off Nico's shirt. "Need help with anything else? Got your vows?" "Um, no. I think I have everything else under control, but thank you." "Are you nervous?" "What kind of question is that?" Nico caught his reflection in the changing room's mirror. His hair was combed neatly over his forehead, accentuated by his lightly tanned skin. He wore a neat black tux with a blue rose tucked into the left breast pocket, with a white dress shirt underneath. "This is the most important day of my life. So many things can go wrong!" Hazel tugged Nico's hand, bringing his attention back to her. "You'll be fine! I was nervous when I was getting married to Frank, and Percy nearly lost it when he married Annabeth. But did anything go wrong?" He sighed. "No. Even though you were so sure of it." "See? You'll do great. And Will's probably just as nervous as you are." "Oh my gods! What if the chapel burns down?!" Cecil thunked his head against the table. "If you don't calm down in five seconds, I swear-" Will paced the changing room's floor, wringing his hands nervously. "But it could!" "Will, I charmed the entire place earlier. Nothing's gonna happen to it," Lou Ellen promised, massaging her temples. "But there's so many demigods here, so many-Oh no!" Will clasped his hands to his cheeks. "A monster could come!" "Alright, I'm done. Can someone else calm this guy down?" Cecil got up from his chair and left the room, slamming the door shut. "Don't throw me under the bus!" The door opened again, and Miranda and Piper stuck their heads in. "What's up?" "Oh, 'Anda, I'm so glad you're here." Lou Ellen ran up to her fiancé and gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Lover boy won't calm down." "Hi." Will waved nervously. "You better not wear out your blue tux. Mother thinks you looks very handsome in it-almost too handsome for my liking." Piper closed the door behind her. "Can I help?" Will sat down in a chair, running his fingers through the ends of his hair. "So many things could go wrong today. Being a demigod, you'd think I'd be used to it, but it's still scary." "Well, let's try to placate your fears. What are they?" "A monster could attack." "This isn't a large gathering of demigods, only close friends and family. And nearly all of us have weapons. Plus, the Hecate cabin placed charms around this place, so monsters won't be touching it for another week." "What about a fire?" "The charms take care of that too." Lou Ellen snuggled herself into Miranda's lap. "I didn't trust Valdez's promise to 'keep the hotness under control.'" "Someone gets sick!" "A lot of your siblings are here, Will. Whoever it is will be fine." "Someone gives birth?" "Annabeth isn't due for four more months." "Oh." Will scratched his head. "Someone important can't make it?" "Everyone's here, even Annabeth's cousin…Magnus, right? We're just waiting on your sisters Kayla and Alice to get out of the bathroom." "I lose my sheet with my vows." "Isn't it memorized?" Miranda asked. Will nodded, then he took a shaky breath. "Nico doesn't say 'I do.'" Piper and Lou Ellen shared a look. Lou Ellen nodded, and Piper sighed and walked over to Will. "He will, Will. He really loves you. And nothing is going to change that." She allowed the slightest hint of charmspeak to wash over Will, only to calm him down. He closed his eyes, then opened them, nodding. "Right. Of course he will say it." "See? Everything is fine. Now, have either of you seen Jason? He still needs to put on his tie." "Seriously? Didn't he do this when Percy got married too?" "Yup. If any of you see him, tell them that I'm gonna fight him." She swished around in her dress and left. "I don't pity him," Miranda admitted. "Piper is scary when she's angry." The door opened again. "We're starting in a few minutes!" Jason announced. "Piper's looking for you," all three of them said. Jason paled and closed the door again. "I hope that everything really does go well," Will muttered, playing with his fingers. "Hey, of course it will. You'll do great!" Lou Ellen gave him a thumbs up. Will grinned. "You're right. Let's get this wedding started!" "It's time," Kayla whispered to the rest of the procession, as she pushed the chapel doors open while the music swelled. Nico gulped nervously. He knew that Will was somewhere behind him, getting ready to walk up the aisle soon after him. He went back through the order in his head. Since Will's mother was dead, Kayla had taken her place at the start of the wedding procession. After that, the groomsmen would go through, Cecil following them. Then Nico went in, with Jason behind him as the officiant. Next, the bridesmaids came in, and Reyna would bring up the rear as the Maid of Honor. Then Frank would walk with Aliyah, who was the flower girl, and Alex and Laura's son Ian, who was the ring boy. Finally, Will would walk down the aisle, with his brother Austin "giving" him away. Nico could do this. He could totally do this. It wasn't going to be that long, anyways. Just as long as he remembered his vows. In front of him, Percy and Leo turned around and shot him a thumbs up. Will's brother Samuel winked, and Cecil smiled. Nico nervously smiled back. "Good luck!" Percy mouthed as he walked out the doors. Nico didn't reply. "You'll do great. Will was just as nervous as you probably were," Cecil said. Nico sighed. "Yeah, but I'm still scared." "Of course you are. Big day, huh? Good thing you're feeling some emotion. Otherwise, we'd be worried." Cecil chuckled as he walked out the door. Nico took a deep breath. It was showtime. Will shook as the doors opened again and again, leading up to him. In front of him, Frank picked up Aliyah, who was trying to eat the flowers in her basket. Austin had left to go do something a few minutes before, and his prolonged absence made the knot in Will's stomach twist even further. "He's going to come back, he has to come back," he whispered over and over, playing with his fingers again. "He's coming back, he's-" "Oh, pardon me. You're one of the grooms, right?" A tall man in casual clothes walked up to Will, sunglasses covering his eyes. He had golden blonde hair and Mediterranean skin. Will nodded. "Yes, and you are?" "What, you don't recognize your old man?" The man raised his sunglasses, revealing bright blue eyes with an ethereal glow. "D-Dad?" He was sure that he was going to faint right there and then. "Surprise! Your siblings and I wanted to do this as one last present for you before you officially become a married man." "But-but Austin-" "He's sitting in the pews, waiting for you to come in." Will closed his eyes, taking yet another deep breath. "Dad…" "Yes?" "Shouldn't you wear something nicer if you're walking your son down the aisle?" Apollo looked down at his clothes. "Oh, whoops." He snapped his fingers, and they changed into a three-piece suit. "Better?" "Very." The organ began to play a familiar tune, and Will's heart clutched with panic. Frank and his daughter were already gone-it was his turn. "I have to go!" "Chill, I got this." Apollo hooked his arm in Will's, and pushed the doors to the church open. Everyone's eyes turned to Will, and many of them gasped when they saw who was walking him down the aisle. A few of the audience members even bowed in respect. Will tried to ignore the eyes on him, and instead focused on the altar in front of him. The bridesmaids and groomsmen were already up there, along with Jason and Nico. They were all looking at Apollo, except for Nico. His eyes were focused on Will, and Will alone. Will waved jokingly, and Nico smiled and waved back. He was as dashing as ever, especially in his tux of black and white, and it took all of Will's focus to not trip over on his feet. It felt like years had passed until Will was stepping up next to Nico. Apollo let go of his arm. "Take good care of my son, child of Hades." Nico nodded. "Of course." Apollo smirked, and sat down in the front row next to Hades, who had arrived earlier. Jason cleared his throat, distracting everyone from Apollo's disappearance. "I know that gods are great and all, but I'd like to get one of my best friends married, if you guys don't mind." The audience laughed, and Jason smiled before turning to Will and Nico. He opened up his book. "Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today, and in the face of this company, to join together these two men in holy Matrimony; which is an honorable estate, instituted of Hera, signifying unto us the mystical union that is betwixt the gods themselves: which sacred estate she adorned and beautified with her presence and sacred marriage with her husband, Zeus, the king of the gods: and therefore is not by any to be entered into…" He squinted at the page, adjusting his glasses. "Unadvisedly. That's-okay, I read that right." Will bit his tongue to keep from laughing as Jason continued. "And therefore is not by any to be entered into unadvisedly or lightly; but reverently, discreetly, advisedly, soberly, and in the fear of the gods. Into this sacred estate these two persons present come now to be joined. If any person can show just cause, why they may not lawfully be joined together, let them now speak, or else hereafter forever hold their peace." Will held his breath, but nobody said anything. Jason nodded and continued speaking. "I require and charge you both, as you will answer at the dreadful day of judgment when the secrets of all hearts shall be disclosed, that if