Hey happy super late birthday Stormy I meant to finish this sooner but it got out of hand! Please enjoy this AU fic! Also I write Will as a transgender boy and if you don't know what that means it'll be explained in the fic! I. There was a strange feeling in the pit of Nico's stomach, one that he couldn't exactly identify. It had started when Percy and Annabeth had announced their relationship. Of course, Nico was happy for them. He had to be. After all, they were...friends of some sort. And friends were supposed to be happy for each other over these types of things. But that didn't stop Nico from feeling jealous of Annabeth. Something lingered in his heart for Percy Jackson, the black-haired, green-eyed, son of the sea God, a something that he hadn't quite been able to shake for nearly two years. He hated that something, absolutely hated it, and he wished that it would disappear. He tried what he could. He avoided Percy, tried to shift all of the blame on him. It wasn't hard. Percy could have easily prevented the death of Bianca, but he hadn't. Yet nothing could change the feelings that Nico felt. When that didn't work, Nico tried another tactic: taking Percy as his own. He tried his best to impress the son of Poseidon, even though he nearly got Percy locked away in the Underworld forever. But soon, his heart grew tired of it, and Nico's feelings began to retreat. Percy was clearly Annabeth's, it was obvious to everyone. He had been ever since they met. It just took Nico a little too long to realize that. He wasn't very happy when he did realize. He summoned many skeletons and sparred with them to release his emotions, when no one was looking. In the battle of Manhattan, he threw everything that he could into fighting every monster that he encountered. Nico let his anger flow into his sword, and his sword respond with vicious uppercuts and stabs. It felt good. After the battle, Nico realized that he didn't feel as strongly towards Percy as he had before. It was a weird feeling, to have your emotions towards someone suddenly change. Unfortunately, Nico had an idea as to why they had changed. Will Solace, top healer of the infirmary, all-around good guy, and now the head counselor of the Apollo cabin, was most likely to blame. Will had been one of the first campers that Nico had been introduced to when he first arrived at camp. He had made a bit of an impression on Nico at time, mostly because, despite being Nico's age, he had been at the camp for a very long time. He never said how long, but judging by all of the beads that he wore on his necklace, it was a very long time indeed. The two boys had become friends-good ones. Nico felt bad for having to leave him after he found out about Bianca's death. The year after that, after the Battle of the Labyrinth, they had picked things up. Will was still shaken up over Lee, of course, and Nico couldn't stay for long again. He was tempted to, but at the time his heart was still enamored by Percy. Will made him promise to try to keep in touch, however, and Nico did try. Over the past year, Will would Iris-message Nico, mostly to see how he was doing. At first, it had been annoying, but over time Nico had come to appreciate it. Nobody else seemed to care enough for him to do this. They were all too scared of the son of Hades. As the messages started to become more and more frequent, so did Nico's thoughts about Will. It distracted him from Percy, long enough for Nico to finally be able to break free from them. It was a good thing, since it saved Nico's heart from being absolutely shattered when Percy and Annabeth finally started going out. As it was, part of it did break, but not to the point of physical pain whenever he thought about them. But now, a lot of his thoughts were about Will. They were random thoughts, for the most part, but it still didn't change the subject matter, or what Nico knew was happening. He was starting to crush on Will Solace. II. It was nighttime in late August. Next week, campers would be packing up and going straight home. It had been ten days since the Second Titan War had finished, but that didn't deter anyone from the nightly camp fire. Percy had offered for Nico to sit with him and Annabeth, and Nico surprised even himself when he said yes. He knew that it would be a bit awkward, what with his still-hidden feelings and then being together, but he was hoping that it wouldn't be so bad. Not to mention that Will would be there, but he tried to ignore that. The evening hadn't been so bad. Percy and Annabeth didn't spend the entire time making out (but there was a stolen kiss or twenty-five or so here and there), and engaged him in conversations. Annabeth suggested more designs for the Hades cabin, and Percy tried to get him into a marshmallow-eating contest. When Nico declined, Percy just shrugged and challenged the Stoll brothers instead. The result was a marshmallow war that left the stumps surrounding them very white and sticky. Throughout the entire event, Nico had a hard time ignoring Will. He sat with all of his siblings and sang along with all of the songs, sometimes helping the younger ones. He was smiling, helpful, and kind-everything that a head counselor should be. Sometimes, when Nico glanced at Will out of the corner of his eye, he could've sworn that Will was looking back at him. But that didn't make any sense. Why look at Nico? Afterwards, Percy offered to walk both Annabeth and Nico back to their cabins. Nico tried to say no once again, but Percy put up a fuss and Nico had to agree. As the trio started heading back towards the circle of cabins, someone cleared their throat behind them. Nico turned, and his heart started to thump faster and faster. Will stood there, nervously fidgeting with something in his hand. "Uh, hey, guys." "Hey, Will!" Annabeth greeted. "What's up!" "Well, I was wondering if I could talk to Nico for a second." Nico's eyebrows raised in surprise, and he was glad that the dark night hid what he was sure was a blush on his cheeks. Percy looked from Nico to Will, who had glanced away. "If he wants to, of course." "Um, yes, I-of course," Nico stammered. Annabeth looked at him, surprised. Will perked up visibly. "Really! That's great!" Annabeth smiled, a knowing look on her face, although Nico wasn't sure why. "Well, me and Percy will be leaving you two then. Come on, Seaweed Brain." "Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" Percy teased as he and Annabeth walked off, leaving Nico and Will in the silence. For a few moments, neither of them spoke a word. Apprehension thumped in Nico's chest. Why did Will want to talk to him? Had Nico done something wrong? Did Will guess his feelings for him? Finally, Will broke it. "Do you...want to walk to your cabin or mine?" "Yours," Nico managed to answer. "Okay." Will started to walk, and Nico followed him. They walked to the Apollo cabin in silence, and Nico was sure that Will could hear his pounding heart with every step he took. His hands clenched and unclenched, and his breath sounded uneven. Why had he ever agreed to this? Finally, they stopped outside of the Apollo cabin, and Will turned to face Nico. In the glow of the lantern hanging outside of the window, Nico realized with a jolt that Will's face was flushed red. "Okay, Nico." Will sighed. "You're probably going to hate me for this, and it may seem like I'm forcing myself onto you, but I have to do this." "Do what?" Nico asked, crossing his arms. Will glanced down at his hands, and Nico realized that there was a slip of paper in them. Now he was really surprised. Had Will memorized something for him? "Okay, okay. So, there's a ritual for new Apollo head counselors, where they have to come clean about something to someone. Which is basically telling someone the truth. Because our dad..." Will gestured. "You know..." "Is the god of truth?" Nico supplied. Will nodded. "Yeah, that. This can be anyone, but the campers in the cabin get to choose who the person is. The new head counselor gets no say in who it is whatsoever. Which, in some cases, isn't a good thing." "What are you trying to say here?" "I have to tell...someone...the truth." Realization dawned on Nico. Will had to tell the truth to someone, and he was telling him all this...His heart was pounding even faster now. What was Will going to do? Will took a deep breath. "Nico di Angelo," he began. "I literally have no idea when it started, but one day-Oh, my gods." He buried his face in his hands. "I-I can't do this." "Just get to the point, Solace," Nico grumbled, although his palms were starting to get sweaty. Will groaned, then mumbled something incoherent. Nico blinked. "What was that?" "Will you go out on a date with me?" Nico's eyes widened. "Did you just..." Will groaned again. "My siblings knew that I have a crush on you, so they said that I have to confess it for the ritual. I understand if you hate me now-I mean, I don't even know if you're gay too, so if you're not then this just got really awkward-and I'd kinda hate me too-" "Hold up." Nico held out a hand to stop Will. His head was beginning to reel. "You're gay?" Will looked up at him. "Uh, kinda. I like both boys and girls." "And-And nobody-Nobody has a problem with this?" "In camp? No." Nico was totally confused. "I thought it wasn't-it's not safe to admit that." Will blinked. "What? What do you mean? It's perfectly fine." Then his eyes widened. "Oh, right! You told me-you're from the forties, right?" Nico nodded. Will laughed. "Whoops, right. Yeah, I forgot about that, sorry." He cringed. "Ah, crap, that just made things even more awkward." "No, it's just-" Nico had no idea what to say now, except for one word. "Yes." "Uh, yes what?" Will's brow furrowed together in confusion. "Yes, it's awkward? Yes, it's alright?" Nico couldn't believe what he was about to do, but he was going to do it anyways. "Yes, as in the date." Will stared at him, before his jaw dropped. "You-Are you saying yes?" Nico nodded, his face feeling like it was on fire. Will stated at him again, before he whooped and pumped his fist up in the air. "Yes! Oh my gods, yes! You said yes! This is-This is amazing!" Nico laughed. "Aren't you happy?" "Oh, come on, I'm guessing that you're happy too," Will teased. A loud popping noise suddenly burst from the Apollo cabin, and both boys jumped. "ALEX!" many people shouted. "You weren't suppose to set that off until he came in here!" a girl scolded. "Oh, sure, blame me. After all I've done for you?" Another voice snapped back sarcastically. Will winced. "I'm sorry, but my siblings seem to be getting kinda agitated. I need to go..." "Oh. Okay." Nico was disappointed, but Will did have a point. Plus, curfew was coming up, so both of them would've had to go anyways. "So, I was thinking...Maybe next Saturday? Some of the other year-rounders want to go to the mall then. Maybe a movie?" "Sure," Nico agreed. "That sounds good." Will smiled at him. "Great! Good night, Nico." "Good night." Will walked up the steps to the