Hey guys This is the 74 th Hunger Games from Cato and Clove's Point of View. From the real star crossed lovers of the 74 th annual Hunger Games. (There will be Clato later on) Ok, guys, I have this whole story written out and finished. So I can post another chapter really quickly. I'll post another chapter depending on the reviews, if you like this story, please review it. Reviews are what make me want to continue writing, so depending on if I get any reviews and of they are good reviews or not I might post another chapter by tomorrow. Or if I don't get any reviews I might not post anymore chapters or if I do get some reviews maybe I'll post once a week. If you want, feel free to also add your opinion of how often I should post. Please Review! I love reading them, they make my day. Rated T for cursing and violence Clove's POV I feel the cold metal in my hand, lining it up with the moving target form of a human I throw. I hit right in the heart I can hear my trainer, Patricia congratulating me. I ignore it, I always hit my target. At least I have for the last 2 years. I got to the advanced level before anyone else, most people in here are 16-18, I'm 15 and I've been in this level for 1 ½ years. Knives are my specialty, aiming for me is easy with a knife. I love the feeling of holding them in my hand and the happy feeling that comes after I hit my target. The reaping for the Hunger Games is tomorrow, I like to consider myself ready, because well, I am like a prodigy with my amazing knife skills. I am also good with pretty much every other weapon, except for the bow. Not many people in my district use the bow, who would want to shoot someone when they could just as easily chop off their head? The bow bothers me a lot, I mean it's like a knife kind of, but you can use them from a longer distance. I've never been good with them though, so when I was 13 I decided to stop trying with it and concentrate on perfecting my skill with other weapons. I've been training all my life for the Hunger Games, as all the other people in my district have been. District 2 is the district with the most victors, then comes 1 then comes 4. The poorer districts have a nick name for us, the 'careers' since we train for the Games. It's against the rules for people to train for the games, but the capitol turns a blind eye on us. We are their favorites, and as long as we give the people living their entertainment why would they stop us? Sometimes I fear my district is a little too morbid, I mean they seem to love blood and killing. I mean I do too, I was raised like that, but I've never killed someone, though sometimes I'm tempted to. I'm sure I could kill anyone in this room right now with just a flick of my wrist. "Alright guys', training today is over," Deus calls. He won the Hunger Games what? 9 years ago? "I'll see most of you tomorrow," he winks; he knows that most likely tomorrow two of us will be speeding on a train towards the capitol. "Remember in the Arena you're going to want to get as many weapons as you can get and that's ok, but also remember that food and warmth are just as important! Also, never let your guard down, eventually even your allies will turn on you, given a choice between Winning and glory or death what would you choose?!" "Winning and glory!" Everyone calls. I know what Deus is talking about though, most of the time there is at least one alliance between Districts 1, 2, and 4 during the first part of the games. After they go out and kill everyone else, it's time to turn on your allies. I'll do anything to win, even if it means turning on my friends. Well, I'll make sure not to get too close to them, which would just make killing them in the end harder. The class is dismissed and we all head out to our homes. Its dark out by now, we train from sun up to sun down, with only one break, one hour for lunch. I walk back with my best friends, Shawna and Jocelyn. Shawna has Auburn hair, brown eyes and a face splashed with freckles, and Jocelyn has brown hair and blue eyes, they are both two years older than me and they're both taller than me, but everyone my age is in the middle level so I don't have any friends my age. "You're going to volunteer tomorrow aren't you," Shawna it's not a question though, it's a statement; both my friends already know the answer. "Yup," I grin, my friends know me so well. "Great, then you're going to come back all rich and with an even larger ego," Jocelyn fake complained. "Though I'm not sure anyone can have a larger ego than you," she added as a second thought, "Except maybe Cato." She's talking about Cato a boy that's year older than me and arrived the same year as me in advanced training. He is kinda hot with his sandy blonde hair, blue eyes, and large bulky muscly body. Both his parents are Victors, so he grew up in the Victors village and he has an insanely large ego. The Victors village is where people go and live after they win the games, ours has a crap load of houses in it, and we have to add more since we keep getting more and more Victors. I've never actually had a conversation with Cato, he has his friends I have mine. Though I know about him, he has a cocky arrogant attitude, and thinks he can do anything. It doesn't help that anything that he tries he ends up being able to do. "If she comes back," Shawna says. I glare at her, "Are you saying you doubt my ability?" "No, it's just there's a chance you could lose, Clove. There's always a chance of that." Shawna says; she's always been the cautious one of the three of us. If she were to ever go into the games, she'd have a large chance of winning since she is strategic and insanely smart. Shawna also had a good ability to shoot and aim guns. That made her able to shoot a bow. That made me annoyed that she could do something that I couldn't. "Oh, stop being such a downer, Shawna," Jocelyn scolds, she's usually the happy optimistic one. She's the complete opposite of Shawna, so naturally she hardly ever thinks things through and just does and says whatever pops into her mind. Also the boys flock to her like moths to a light, she's had at least what? 40 boyfriends in the last month? Well not really boyfriends just one night stands. Well not really one night stands, they can be one lunch stand, or one 5 minute stand, Jocelyn works fast. Jocelyn is amazing with a sword and hand-to-hand combat, she's very sturdily built. I for one, suck at hand-to-hand combat, since I'm so short and light. Once I tried it with Jocelyn and she just picked me up and carried me over her shoulder for half the day. I am like the balance between Shawna and Jocelyn I'd like to think, I think things through and strategize before I act, not as much as Shawna but 30000 times more than Jocelyn. "I just want to make sure that you train when you get the chance and don't get over confident and get yourself killed." Shawna clarified. Wow, thanks for the vote of confidence. Shawna, Jocelyn and I live in the same area. Our houses are gigantic and made of stone. Since District 2's specialty is masonry all of our buildings are elegant, fancy and beautiful. Jocelyn and Shawna's houses are next to each other, while mine is across the street. I say goodnight to them, and walk towards my door, but as soon as I hear the other two doors close behind them I turn away from my house. I want to go for a walk, and think, alone. My mom, sister and brother won't even notice I'm gone. My mom works late and when she comes home she goes straight to bed, my older sister and brother (twins) both have jobs, or they're out somewhere partying with their friends. My dad, well he apparently went into the Hunger Games at the age of 18, my mom had my older siblings at the age of 16, and had me 3 years later, the year my dad died. He and someone from District 8 were the last two, and somehow he ended up dead. I never met my dad; I was born 8 months after he died. I don't know if he even knew I existed. But I know one thing for sure, in my games; I'm going to make District 8 pay, by making sure that they don't get in the top 12. Even if it makes me die, it's what I have to do. The night sky is a deep dark blue, with bright stars twinkling overhead; the moon is close to full tonight. I gaze up at it, I wonder if anyone else in a different district is doing the same thing as me now. It would be completely dark out if not for the street lights and the lights on in houses. I walk along the street and look around at my home, the place I grew up. I know what Shawna said is true, there is always a chance that I might die, my father proved that. But I can't show that, fear is a weakness, I must be strong and ruthless if I even want to think about winning the games. I actually hesitate do I really want to risk my life for a game? Die or kill people for some floozy people in the capitol's entertainment? Wait, where did that thought come from? Of course I will, I have to avenge my father's death if nothing else, even if I have to do it for some spoiled rich kid's entertainment. I come and sit down in a park bench; we do have a small park here in District 2, with a big elegant marble fountain in the middle of it. I look at the water, flowing so calmly and easily on the fountain; the splash noises make me feel drowsy. I lean my head back on the bench and feel my eye lids begin to fall, the last thing I see is one of the stars winking down at me from the heavens. -0_0- When I wake up, the sun is just beginning to rise. Great, I slept on a park bench for what might be my last night here, that's just fantastic. But what is really inconvenient for me is that I have to get home, and get ready. I jump up from the bench and begin to run towards my house. I arrive home around about 10 minutes later, panting a little. I walk up the front steps to our house and push open the door. Rex my older brother is inside watching last year's hunger games on our projector screen. I can hear upstairs that Rose had her music blasting from her room. I'm so jealous of my older siblings' names and they know it. Rex means king in Latin, and Rose is a beautiful flower, then there's Clove a spice. Yes, I love my name. "Hey little sis, where have you been all night?" Rex asks from his place on