Twilight character names belong to Stephenie Meyer. I own Animate Me. Many thanks to my beta Twilighzoner, and my pre-readers Azucena and BtwntheStacks . This Work of Art outtake is from a much requested lemon that occurred during the Barcelona trip. It was written for the Fandom Fights the Floods fundraiser. I am still receiving a lot of love and new readers for Work of Art. It is all very much appreciated. For those of you that were asking for Edward's point of view...here is a glimpse into his mind...as you may have imagined, it's a wild place to be... . Work of Art / Eight Miles and a Flight of Stairs . I sit down in my therapist's office . I like a moment alone as I usually require a period of adjustment before my session begins. First, as always, I must prepare myself to deal with the framed posters that are the most agitating part of Cara's décor. I stare at the faded prints of Chagall and Miro's work and wonder why the name of the museum, that happened to have borrowed this painting and exhibited it briefly, was more prominent than the artist's name? How would Miro feel to see his work attributed to the Walker Museum in Minneapolis as it slowly fades under these florescent lights? Would he break down and cry to see his creation framed in cheesy gold metal with earthquake resistant Plexiglas obtained during the two-for-one sale at Aaron Bros. Art Mart? I'm feeling pain; yet I'm in here to get rid of pain…does anyone see the irony in this? I'm not just trying to be an ass. All art should be respected. To me it's the same as seeing a broken CD case of Bob Dylan or Beethoven lying on the backseat floor of someone's car. It reminds me of the time when after a long night of drinking at our favorite club, I got Jasper to agree that we would never do those god damn cheesy museum posters, even if I get into a show at the friggin Met. Besides the fact that at this point in my career, museum posters were unlikely, my guess is that Jasper didn't really mean it. I think he was trying to placate me after our big fight where I wouldn't talk to him for a week. I mean the ass told me that my paintings would sell better if I used more blue in them. He may as well have set my house on fire than to say that to me. I still can't believe this not enough blue comment came from someone who once considered himself an artist. He thought I was having a hissy fit by not talking to him. No, I was keeping myself from talking to him so I wouldn't fire him. Jasper is like a brother to me, and I need him, but that blue issue-that was almost the end of us. Okay, focus you stupid ass-focus…deep breath. Why am I particularly wound up today? I can't wait for Cara to come in since when she does, she turns off the florescent lights because she knows I hate them. We can see all we need to with the window light. She's examining my thoughts, not my pores. With the glaring light gone I'll have an easier time relaxing and getting out of my head. The door opens. The light clicks off. I take another deep breath. Here she comes with that knowing look, settling into her squishy leather chair. My chair is taut fabric, a painful rust color speckled with bits of color that are confused as to how they ended up on this chair. What does the upholstery mean, speckled taut fabric versus squishy soft leather? Are we to determine a hierarchy established by the quality of one's upholstery? I get the Cara smile. The soothing one. This is good. Yes, a good start. My savior is benevolent. She will smooth out my ruffles so that I can live outside my head for yet another day. Without Cara I wouldn't have Bella, so I would be willing to kiss Cara's feet and peel her grapes just so she would continue her voodoo that keeps my head above water. She conjures that magic that keeps me from scaring my Bella away. As she opens up her leather folder (that matches her chair, I swear to fucking God) she takes her designer pen and touches the back of her neck, which encourages me to get lost in her helmet of hair. It's a sleek thing, a bob I believe they call it, and it comes to points in the front so sharp that they could inflict pain. I look at her hair a lot during the session since it is an amazing blend of yellow colors. I mean amazing. Like each fucking strand was painted separately. Like she goes underground once a month and a hundred elves take their paintbrushes and paint each strand one at a time. She probably thinks my focus on her hair is an avoidance technique but she's wrong. Every time I study her hair I see a color in there I didn't know existed. It always makes me want to go back to my studio and paint until I can create that color. Cara clears her throat. "So…Barcelona. I think it was progress Edward that you only called me once…don't you?" I dig my hands under my thighs. "Well, it was harder to call because Bella and I were together just about twenty-four, seven. I didn't want to worry her. We were having such a good time that I didn't want a single thing to go wrong. "Well, I like that you were aiming high Edward, but that isn't realistic. In any trip-especially a complicated international trip, things will go wrong. It's how you choose to deal with the problems that define you." She clicks her pen. Does she know how that clicking makes me crazy? She must not because she clicks her pen again just before she glides into her next question. "How did you feel in Barcelona?" I smile just thinking about our trip. There was a moment when I woke up with Bella in my arms that I thought I was in heaven. Really. I was disoriented from jet lag, yet so euphorically happy that in that moment heaven was the only explanation. And as long as I was with Bella, it was cool with me. But there were also tangible, vivid feelings in Barcelona that I can tell Cara about. "The colors were so bright and warm." I explain. "It was how I remembered it from a trip there years ago. It's a city of surprises. For example, there will be four plain buildings in a row on a busy street and then suddenly the most extraordinary place you've ever seen. Which is even better than if the whole place was magic because this ensures you will be surprised." "What did Bella think of Barcelona, of the trip?" "Bella was so happy she was a beacon everywhere we went. Even if the light was bright, it was even brighter where Bella stood. I fell in love with her all over again." "Do you think that's possible?" "Well, first of all, I would never think about that. I just feel it-and believe me, I felt it." When we were in Gaudi's cathedral-you know La Sagrada Familia, I wanted to fall to my knees before her and beg her to marry me right then and there." "But you didn't do that, correct?" "No, but I really wanted to. I have talked about us getting married eventually, but no, I didn't fall to my knees and beg." "But can you see that it was progress that you showed restraint? I think you would have scared her with that. She's already made it clear she wants you guys to take your time and build a solid foundation before you get married." "Yes, I don't want to scare her. It breaks my heart when those brown eyes have fear. I would do almost anything to prevent that." "See Edward, you're putting the needs of the one you love before your own here. This is good." I nod. I can see that. She begins to write on the pad. I wonder if she'd mind if I drew a picture of her in her chair while she's writing about me. Then I wouldn't show her the drawings, just like she won't show me her notes. "Okay Edward, let's talk about the stuff we've been working on recently such as your fear of abandonment and how that plays into certain dynamics with Bella. Did you experience any of that on this trip?" "You mean like when I called you from that dinner party at four in the morning your time?" "Yes." "I'm still sorry about that. I was in such a state I forgot the time difference." "Well, now that you are calmer I want to get into more depth regarding what that was about." "It's really simple…I mean like stick figure drawings simple. There was a room full of Spanish fuckers that wanted to fuck my girl. Any man in love would have had some serious issues that evening with these men hitting on his woman. When that waiter brushed up against her breast I imagined doing a Luis Buñel on him and sliding my butter knife across his eye." "That's very violent, Edward. Do you understand how violent that is?" "Of course, but that's how I felt. It doesn't mean I would do it. I mean, I didn't do it, don't I get points for that?" "Do you see a scoreboard here in my office?" She waves her hands towards the wall. "We aren't keeping score, Edward." "Well, we should because I would have won the fucking game that night. I was restraining myself all the fuck over the place. Remember when Bella and I first got together in Santa Fe and I went nuts when she met with that editor that wasn't even hitting on her?" "Yes, I remember that vividly." "Well, compared to that I showed a Grand Canyon full of restraint that night. She had men all over her, and I didn't go after even one of them." "Tell me more," Cara prompts me. "See, Bella doesn't understand, which of course is part of her allure, that she is the most beautiful, desirable woman in the world. She walks into a room with her cream-dipped skin and maraschino cherry lips parted just so and men just fall over themselves. It's all they can do not to bend her over the dessert table and take her immediately while the fruit tarts cascade to the floor." "Men?" "Yes, all men." "Can you consider, Edward, that when you talk about bending her over the desert table you are really taking about the beast within yourself?" "Well, that's a given Cara, but I'm talking about the rest of the men too." "Does it occur to you that everyone may not think the way you do?" "Well, I sure as hell hope that not everyone thinks like I do or this would be an even crazier, fucked-up world. But these men made their intentions quite clear." "Give me an example." "Sure, let's take Prince fuckwad. He sat next to my baby, and I could see the heat rise off of him every time he looked at her." "You could see the heat?" "Yes, it was curling swirls of red. I do believe that only I see these things at times, but the swirls were perfectly defined to me. I sat across the way so I had a perfect vantage point to see it. "So I'm sitting next to our P.R. lady, Paloma, and overheard her telling the woman next to her that the Prince had already inquired about Bella and has designs on her. Paloma had already warned him