REVISED Title: Invisible Elf Summary: What happens when a mortal becomes entranced by the Elves and struggles to become accepted in Elven Society? But what if the Elves she is trying to get accepted by are no longer on Middle Earth? Disclaimer: All aspects of Middle Earth are JRR Tolkien's. He's a mastermind. All praise him. Imladris, great home of the Lord Elrond and his children Elladan, Elrohir and the Lady Arwen. Such beauty comes to mind as I sit here and think of such a place, where so much happened. I can still see the great Council gathered to talk of the One Ring. Still can I see the little hobbit lead the fellowship away, toward Mordor. Still my eyes tear at the very song of the rushing waters, all that is Imladris, and all which is beautiful. My name is Aranel. No, I am no Elf, I am Mortal. I found this place whilst I was but a child but 20 years ago. Ever since that time I have been distraught with pain, so horrid that even my mother fears to look upon my face. It is the year 1564, and the elves have passed from Middle Earth but mere three and twenty years ago, and that would be mine age. Young had I been when my father held me to his chest and carried me past the Ford of the Waters of Bruinen. He had set me down briefly to pick up a trinket he had dropped and when he turned around to fetch me once more he had found that I was no where in his premise. As fear and pain gripped at his heart, my own heart drew me closer and closer to the Last Homely House. For hours had I continued deeper into the heart of the wood, I crawled and walked through, hours my Father's shouts could be heard in my sensitive, mortal ears. My father found me later that night, when the moon had fallen under shadow and the stars dimmed with passing clouds and with them my heart. He had found me sitting on a porch with a single leaf in my hand near a fair sized marble stand that had a cleave running along the top, as though it was stricken with a strong axe, so long ago. I sat, so young and innocent on the porch and let tears fall freely from my eyes, feeling such pain that never a child should feel, and it was then my soul died. My father picked me up and shushed me, unbeknownst to him that his precious babe would never be again that carefree giggling bundle he had held in his arms only hours ago. Years passed, and I was saddened more and more everyday, and when my legs where stronger, and I was but 12 years old, I took up my brother's steed and rode him slowly to the Ford that long ago stole my innocence. I walked this time straight to the porch and now tall enough, ran my fingers along the gash in the astonishing marble stand. Pain seared through my body and I dropped to the floor gasping for air. Loud voices surrounded my young ears and in fear I looked around to see who could be here, at this deserted place. To the astonishment of my eyes and ears I found myself in the midst of a group of men shouting at each other. It was like I was taken to a past event and there I sat and looked upon my first Elf, the Great Lord Elrond. He stood tall with a circlet on his brow and a regal air about him as he spoke to what I could see as a mortal compared to his grace. To my right he stood, his brow arched in anger, and to my left stood a very old man with a long grey beard and a wooden staff to support him. Close to him stood three angry elves, yelling loudly at two short men, with long beards, one clutching an axe in his hands as if ready to attack the elves. Then a smaller person walked through me, as if I was air and looked into the eyes of the Great Lord Elrond and said "I will take the ring," and after I observed self-doubt in the child's eyes he spoke, softer now, "though I do not know the way." The scene slowly faded, and the bright yellow light that had illuminated the porch now faded to a starry blue, and I was there again, in the present on my knees before the marble stand. So afraid and confused was I that I lay down and willed the scenes to return, only to understand what 'ring' all these… beings argued over. I fell asleep there on the cool marble floor, the same pain I had felt in my youth overtaking me again. I awoke when it was morning there, and realized that although the sun shined brilliantly through the trees, the porch, as well as the city remained a starry misty blue, and the sadness that emanated from the very core of the land was not uplifted. Inside my soul I found strength to stand up and wander about the beautiful city and slowly did I forget about my home, my father, my brother, my mother. I was only driven to walk through the city aimless and lost, my breath stricken from my young body as I walked in awe of the beauty and delicacy of the land. Young that I was, and foolish for my young eyes believed that this beautiful city was created by mortals, but what had I known? A mere child, I had not known that this world was graced by other beings than men, for in my short 12 years all I had known was the race of man. I came to an oak door, magnificent and ancient. Placing both small hands on the door I pushed with all my efforts until the door swung open. I looked at it and gasped once more. It was a study room. Scrolls, books, pictures, maps, drawing quills, ink bottles, parchment littered the room, in its own organized fashion. I walked in and glanced over to my right at the opening of the balcony and the waterfall yet beyond it. Another flash of light as I dropped to my knees in pain and two figures stood before me. " Gandalf! The Ring cannot stay here." The Elf Lord heaved. Gandalf and Lord Elrond stood facing each other as the scene faded. The pain left me again, and I was able to push myself up. I stood, there in the study, for a long time looking at the scrolls and the books. Then courage filled my heart and I strode over to the desk and sat upon the large leather seat and faced it to the desk and pulled a large parchment out from under a pile and place it on the desk. Again a blinding light as the room again brightened and in walked the most beautiful woman I had yet to lay eyes on. She walked in and smiled at me, as I eyed her in fear. Large, male hands rose up around me and words were spoken, I realized that I was sitting in Lord Elrond's seat, and quickly jumped out of the seat. He didn't seem bothered; he hadn't even noticed I was there. It was another scene. I listened to the exchange in a different tongue that I had been brought up on. The Beautiful woman, the Elf, laughed brilliantly and Lord Elrond smiled back at her. " Namaarie, ada " she laughed again and glided out of the room. The scene faded. Now what language was that? I reseated myself in the Lord's chair, realizing for the first time how tall he was… and how short I was. But I was just a babe. I looked at the parchment and found many symbols, but nothing that I could read. Naught one parchment on the desk was in the language I spoke. I sighted bitterly, pangs of pain in my soul. Then in blind foolishness, I slammed into the first pile of books on the ground. The top book flew across the room and hit the wall opposite the balcony. It flew open to the middle. I ran to it, afraid that I had ruined the cover, afraid that the owner would return and beat me for my insolence in his land. As I bent over the book I noticed that it was in my language, and that I could read the writing in this book. A smile crept into my face as I pulled it off the floor and ran to the balcony and sat on the ground with my back to the side wall. I opened the first page of the book and began to read the first few lines. Imladris High Elves: Elrond, Celebrian, Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen, Glorfindel. Under the names of the different 'Elves' stood paragraphs that were brief and informative. Under those descriptions of each elf was a picture of them. From the first page I discerned the identity of the Lord Elrond, for at the time I did not know who he was, or what he was, as I do now. I noticed the beautiful woman also to be an elf, Arwen, the daughter of Elrond, and Celebrian, younger sister to twins Elladan and Elrohir. I turned the page, and there stood another set of elves. Lothlorien High Elves: Galadriel Lady of Light, Celeborn Lord of Lorien, Haldir March Warden of Lorien, Rumil Warden of Lorien, Orophin Warden of Lorien, Celebrian. Again under the names where descriptions of each elf and their status in Elven society, and under that a picture of each. I continued to devour the book, getting to know the elves of Eryn Lasgalen, Lindor, Noldor, and several other elves. Then a chapter on Elves, their origins, a chapter on Eru and the origin of the Valar, a chapter on Valinor, a few chapters on Dwarves, a few chapters on Wizards, Hobbits, Orcs, Dark Lords, and the book drew on to explain all the races that graced middle earth. Middle Earth that is what this place was called. It had grown dark by the time I had reached the end of the book, surprised that I had read through it all, it was a very big book to read in one sitting. Only then did I remember my family, so down went the book, on its respective stack, and I raced to where I had left my brother's steed but a day ago. -- I rode home and was greeted by anger and tears instead of joy that I had come home after been missing for a day. I stayed home then for a few days before I mustered the courage to confront my Father. "Daddy..." "What is it Aranel?" "What are Elves? Do you know of them anything?" My father had been sitting by the fire reading a book and startled by my question pulled the pipe he had in his mouth out, and set his book on the table beside him. "Aranel, come here. Sit." I obeyed. "How do you know of Elves, daughter?" "One of the children mentioned it today in the stable yard." I lied to him, after all I was young, and how could I tell him I had ran away to an Elven city for a day, let alone seen things that had happened there. He sat back and sighed, "Elves, are a far superior race of… beings. They lived in this world for a time, and then when they tired of it, they left for there home across the sea." "Across the Anduin, father?" "Not quite, child, more like into another world." "Will they ever come back?" "I know naught the answer to that question. I do