I need to get a new camp shirt. Mine is too small. I look in the mirror of the Athena cabin and see my own reflection. Just wear something else, I say to myself. But all I have here at camp are pajamas and CHB t-shirts that are small on me. Frustrated, I plop down on the bed in the corner and stare at the empty cabin before me. Bookshelves and computers and desks take up the whole room, except for the beds which are pushed up against the wall. All the other campers are at breakfast now, except for me. I usually don't go to breakfast — I don't need any extra weight from food. I sigh and change my shirt to a larger one from my pajama drawer. I don't care if it's not like everyone else's — I already look different from all the other campers. What's one more thing to set me apart? Don't get the wrong idea when I tell you this. I don't like the stares that people give me; I don't like the remarks that I hear behind my back about not having a big enough shirt size for me at the camp store. But I have been used to it ever since I started kindergarten — for about sixteen years. It's all I'm ever used to, but that doesn't mean that I like it. I stay inside until I'm sure that breakfast is over. I haven't eaten breakfast in so long that I barely notice the growling of my stomach. Soon my brothers and sisters of the Athena cabin come streaming in to gather their things for the day. I sit on my bed in the corner and try to act invisible. But there's always my one sister who actually cares for my well-being. Annabeth. She is exactly what I want to be. She's beautiful, with her stormy gray eyes and blonde hair that's in a messy ponytail that somehow looks perfect. Oh, and she's really athletic and skinny, which just sets us apart more. Really, the only thing we have in common is our gray eyes and love for knowledge. Otherwise, she's brave and I'm not. She's outgoing, and I'm not. She's . . . perfect, and I'm not. I try hard to hate her, but it's impossible. She is my sister, after all. Annabeth sits next to me on the bed, her gray eyes swirling with concern. I avoid them. "Hey," she says. I nod my head a little in acknowledgement. "You weren't at breakfast again," she says. "Just wasn't up for it," I reply. Annabeth nods but doesn't say anything more. "Are you feeling okay?" I nod, though I'm not. Annabeth wraps her arms around me, just the kind of thing a perfect older sister would do. I don't hug her back — I hate being touched. Annabeth and all my siblings and know that, so I don't know why she did it. "See you in archery," she says. That's the class we have together. "Yeah," I say, just to make her go away. The cabin is empty again, and I realize that I should better get moving because the cleaning harpies will come soon. I sigh and put on my combat boots, which go nicely with my dark blue jeans and black shirt. I put my thick, frizzy brown hair into a braid (the only way it doesn't look messy) and head out the door. The first activity that I have is canoeing. I find one by myself and paddle into the lake, trying to work on moving the oar in the right direction, but I suck at canoeing. Being the daughter of Athena, one would think that I could do everything right. But I can't do anything right. Sometimes I wonder why I'm a daughter of Athena in the first place. I was only claimed last week, which just brought more unnecessary attention to me. My dark, frizzy brown hair and . . . different body type was the talk of the camp the day after my claiming. I certainly didn't look like a daughter of Athena, or someone that would be able to play capture the flag without passing out. I'm trying to find a camp activity that suits me, but nothing has come up yet. Studying is probably my best attribute but I want to have something more. I want powers, like some of the campers do — like Percy Jackson, who can control water, or Leo Valdez who can summon fire. It seems that every one of The Seven has powers, and here I am, nothing but a laughing stock for someone to make fun of. After canoeing, I settle far down at the bank of the lake, underneath a shady tree. The water is so beautiful . . . so unlike me. I wish I wasn't me, if you know what I mean. I wish I was skinny like everyone else, and beautiful like everyone else. But I am nothing special. It's a great day out, but it seems dreary to me. I watch the sparkling lake and listen to the sound of people battling and talking far behind me. I know that I will never be one of them. Next year, I'll just go live with my dad instead of coming to camp. See, I would love to live with my dad, but he is . . . unstable, I guess you could say. Ever since my brother Tyler's death, he has never been the same. I feel my eyes watering and I let the silent tears run down my cheeks. His death was my fault. 100%. It was years ago, but I remember it like it was yesterday. Dad, Tyler, and I were at the Grand Canyon sightseeing, when a monster attacked us. I don't know the technical name for it, but it looked like a mermaid. She was really pretty, and I saw her deep down in the canyon, where the water was running. The monster seemed to be singing, and I saw that people were walking to the edge of the canyon, entranced, as if they were zombies. They were shouting, screaming, yelling nonsense, before finally hurling themselves over the canyon. Tyler was entranced, and so was my dad. For some reason, I wasn't, although I could hear what they were singing about. Mom. Flashes of my whole family together danced before my eyes, and I felt a strange longing to make it a reality. But something weird happened, and I snapped out of the daze. I didn't know how long I was entranced, but Tyler was at the very edge, flirting with death. Dad was shouting and screaming behind me, but I didn't pay attention to him. I wanted to save Tyler, but I felt rooted to the spot with fear — fear that I couldn't comprehend. Zombified people were dying by the second, and all I could do was stare at them. What was wrong with me? I came to my senses too late, and I was just able to see Tyler slip off the edge, plummeting six thousand feet to his death. I snap back into reality and realize that my vision in blurred with tears. I don't bother to wipe them though. Even though I hate crying because it makes me feel weak, I don't wipe them. There is no one here to see me, because this is my special place. That changed in second. In the blink of an eye, a dark figure appears in the shadow of the tree I am sitting under. I curse in Ancient Greek and jump a mile. "What the heck!" I shout. The figure turns to me and my heart almost stops. It is a boy a little older than me. He is deathly pale, with dark black hair and shadowed eyes. He is dressed in a dark aviator jacket and jeans with a long, Stygian iron sword at his side. He turns to me at the sound of my voice, but drops to the ground, exhausted. He looks just minutes from passing out. I walk slowly toward him, unsure what I should do. "Are — are you okay?" I ask quietly. He just moans and his eyes close. I gulp, feeling a little scared. What happened to him? Is he injured? How did he get here so fast? "Do you need a doctor?" I ask. Another soft moan escapes his lips, but it sounded like " yes." Should I leave him and find a doctor? No, I can't do that to him. He could be dead by the time I come back, and I do not want to be responsible for another death on hands. "I'm going to help you up, okay?" I ask. "I'll help you to the infirmary." The boy doesn't protest, so I lift him arms and help him to his feet. At my touch, he flinches, and something tells me that if he was fully conscious, he wouldn't want anyone touching him. Sounds like me. I put his arms around my shoulders and carry him up the hill and to the infirmary as fast as I can. I don't mind his extra weight, because I'm strong and can carry him with ease. Once I get up the hill, I see passing campers staring at me, eyes wide. "Find a doctor!" I shout at them. "Quick!" Campers scurry down to the infirmary and a few people are running toward us, medical bags bouncing against their legs. I think I see Chiron too, galloping at the back. A boy with golden hair comes to my side and his eyes pop. "Nico, I told you not to shadow travel anymore!" I don't know what any of those words mean, but I ask, "Can you help him? Will he be alright?" The boy with golden hair nods. "He'll be okay. Nothing some ambrosia and nectar can't handle." The food of the gods can heal demigods. I sigh in relief. Some more medics come over and take the boy from me. I must have looked scared, because Chiron comes over to me. "What is wrong, child?" he asks gently. "I hope he's okay," I say. "I mean, I was by the lake and he just popped out of nowhere and passed out. What's wrong with him?" "Nico can travel by shadows, an ability of a true son of Hades," replies Chiron. "He was not supposed to resume shadow traveling for another week, because they drain his energy terribly." "Oh." I am silent for a minute. "He's a son of Hades? I've never seen him around." "Yes, he lives in the Hades cabin, number thirteen. And he's not very outgoing, poor child. He has suffered inexplicably." "Oh." Chiron pats me on the back. "You were very brave, Lucy," he says. "Thank you for returning him." "Oh, yeah sure." Chiron proceeds to the infirmary, leaving me standing there alone with a ton of questions. That night, I listen to the soft breaths of my brothers and sisters in the Athena cabin, but I don't sleep. I am still thinking about the event with the boy called Nico. What did Chiron mean when he said that he has suffered inexplicably? I hope he's okay. Whatever shadow traveling is, it kind of sounds dangerous. Like something you would really pass out after doing. Eventually, I fall asleep, still thinking about Nico. The next day, I find myself at the bank of the lake, thinking about the remarks I heard earlier. I wish I can forget them. I wish they didn't bother me as much as they do. I hear a soft footsteps behind me and turn around. It is the boy from yesterday, dressed in another black outfit like mine. His hair is shaggy, but in a way that doesn't look messy, unlike mine. I suddenly wish I can disappear into the lake. Why is he here? Nico sits down next to