Pairings: Edward/ MALE !Bella (Beckham Messiah Swan) Disclaimer: I DONT NOT OWN TWILIGHT OR ITS CHARACTERS (except for maybe Beck, he is an OC, even if he is Bella in a way). If I did own twilight, than it would have been much like this story. If you are reading this, then I'm sure you've seen the M rating when you clicked. This means there will be violence and maybe sex later on in the story. So, don't like, don't read. Authors Note: This story revolves around the movie AND the book verse, and Beckham (pronounced: BECK-uhm ) will be like Bella in some ways, but he might make different decisions, act or react differently than to how regular Bella would. I will be trying to stay with the original story line and plot (for now at least, unless I want or need to make a change), so no worries there. This is kind of a plot-bunny in my head, and I haven't seen much of a male Bella story, so I thought I would give it a go. This is kind of a stepping stool for me to get more used to the Twilight verse, so do not worry about "Those Red Eyes," I will be continuing it when I can get better bearings on it. DO NOT FRET! Anyway, enjoy the story! Words: Near 4,000. THIS IS THE UPDATED/FIXED VERSION! CHAPTER 1 I'd never given much thought to how I would die, but dying in the place of someone I love, seems like a good way to go. Noble even. That ought to count for something. So, I can't bring myself to regret the decision to leave home. I would miss Phoenix. I'd miss the heat. I would miss my mother and her new husband. But they wanted to go on the road, so I'm going to spend some time with my dad and this will be a good thing... I think. X X X My mother drove me to the airport with the windows rolled down completely. It was seventy-five degrees in Phoenix, and the sky was perfect, a cloudless bright blue. I was wearing my favorite loose, dark green tank that was a bit too long and rumbled a bit at my waist. My carry-on item was a black and grey parka that my mom had bought for me recently for this memorable time. In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, a small town named Forks exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this town more than any other place in the United States of America. It was in this gloomy town that my mother escaped with me when I was only a few months old. It was in this town that I had been compelled to spend a month every summer until I was fourteen. That was the year I finally put my foot down; these past few summers my dad vacationed with me in California instead. My dad is Charlie, he is the chief of police in Forks. It was to Forks that I now exiled myself to—an action that had me nervous and practically cringing. I didn't much like Forks. Forks Population: 3,120 people. "Beck," my mom spoke up—the last of a thousand times—before I would be getting on the plane for my flight to horror-ville. "You know, you don't have to do this." I felt a faint twinge of panic as I stared at her wide, child-like eyes. How could I leave my loving, erratic, harebrained mother to fend for herself? Of course she had Phil now, so the bills would probably get paid, there would be food in the fridge and on the table every night, gas in the car, and someone to call if she got lost, but still, I was going to really miss her. I just prayed that she would be happy. If Phil ever hurt her, then he would have me to deal with. I'm a forced to be reckoned with when I'm angry, especially if the cause for my animosity has to do with family. I warned Phil the first time I met him, constantly in between, and before we left the house, so I'm pretty sure that he got the message I was giving him. Let's hope for Phil's sake that he doesn't screw up, or his head might end up on a silver platter. "I want to go." I lied, rather easily, which scared me a bit. I had always been a horrible liar, but I think I'd been saying this lie so frequently lately that it sounded convincing now. "Tell Charlie I said hi." "I will." "I'll see you soon," she insisted. "You can come home anytime you want, sweetheart—I'll come right back as soon as you need me." I could see the sacrifice in her teary eyes behind the promise. "Don't worry about me mom," I reassured. "It will be great. I love you," I said and brought her into a warm and tender hug. I am a slight mama's boy. Slight . She hugged me back tightly for a minute, and then I got on the plane, and she was gone. It is a four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle, another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles and then an hour drive back down to Forks. The flying didn't really bother me all that much, though I was kind of dreading the hour long car ride. Charlie had really been fairly nice about the whole entire thing. He seemed genially pleased that I was coming to live with him for the first time, and of my own free will. I knew that he was more than a little confused about my decision—like my mother. I hadn't made it a secret about my dislike for Forks, but he seemed to let the whole thing slide, seemingly happy enough about my choice. He probably didn't want to look a gift horse in the mouth. He'd already gotten me registered for high school and was going to help me get a car. I refused to be driven around town in a car with red and blue lights on the top. Nothing slows down traffic like a cop. I just really hope that he doesn't pick me up in that thing, but knowing him… He probably would. X X X "Your hair's longer." Charlie started up a conversation in his cruiser —I had been right—I guess hoping he could break the comfortable silence we had situated ourselves into. Well, at least it was comfortable for me, in some sort of manner of speaking. There was only so much we could really talk about. You'd think not seeing each other for a while would give us a bunch to talk about and catch up on. Though, this was not the case. We both seemed to find this somewhat awkward—especially me—but I guess it was a good thing that he was trying. I picked at a strand of my long, wavy, almost shoulder length, dark brown hair out of my face—the tips of my hair were about an inch or so from my shoulders—and nodded a bit. "I've let it grow out since the last time I saw you." I muttered softly and messed with a strand of my soft hair, twirling it around my finger a bit in a somewhat girlish manner. My gaze only flickered to him once before my eyes landed back on the scenery outside. "Well," he huffed and slouched his shoulders some, seemingly trying to relax, "it looks nice on you," he commented, his attempt at relaxing failing as his grip visibly tightened on the wheel. I guess he thought it was a complement, which in an aspect, it kind of was. Mom did always like my long hair, even if I was a guy, but she would say it looked cute. Which wasn't at all what I was going for—not that I was going for anything in particular—though even so, I couldn't bring myself to cut it. At least he said it looked nice, instead of my mom's cute. I would take that. We exchanged a few more comments on the weather, which was wet and muggy, and that was pretty much it for conversation. We then just went back to staring out the windows in silence. I had to admit that everything was beautiful, but it was so green that I swore it could be an alien planet. We soon arrived at my dad's place and I could feel some of the awkward atmosphere from the car ride melt away, if only a little. I slowly slid myself out of the cruiser and looked up at the old house. He still lived in the small, two bedroom place that he'd bought with my mom in the early stage of their marriage. Early stage was really the only stage for them. We gathered up my stuff from the trunk of the car and took it upstairs, thankfully in only one trip. I didn't really have much stuff to begin with, but I had cut away more than half of my clothes because they were all for Phoenix weather conditions. There was no need for tanks and shorts here. I was really going to miss Phoenix and its blistering heat. "I cleared some shelves off in the bathroom for you." Oh, right. One bathroom. How could I have forgotten? Sharing a bathroom with Charlie was going to be a challenge, but I was trying not to dwell too much on that fact. I got the west bedroom that faced out over the front yard. The room looked familiar; it had belonged to me since I was born. The wooden floor, the light blue-green walls, the peaked ceiling, the yellow lace curtains around the window—these were a part of my childhood. The only changes Charlie had ever made was switching the crib for a bed and adding a desk as I grew older. The desk now held a second hand computer,probably for school work, and an almost rusted looking desk lamp. "It's a pretty good work lamp," he said solemnly as he placed my bags down on the floor. He then rested his hands on his hips a bit, surveying the room once before pointing lightly to the bed. "The sales lady picked out the bed stuff," he added and looked at me nervously, his brows furrowed. "You, uh…you like purple, right?" I nodded a bit and glanced at him. "Purple's cool, I guess." I answered in a hushed tone and fiddled with my hair a bit. I really needed a good and thorough shower. I felt a bit greasy and sluggish, but that may have been from the constant over casted weather. I was really going to have to get used to it. This was going to be my home for a long while. "Thanks." Charlie nodded and seemed to relax a bit at my appropriate and thankful response. He surveyed the room again, his hands still on his hips. He then let out a huff, letting it become silent for a few moments before he spoke up. "Okay then," he stated and slowly sauntered out of the room, my gaze following him until he disappeared out of sight. I visibly relaxed myself and sat down on the bed. That was one of the best things about Charlie. He doesn't hover . X X X It was a little later on that day, after I had taken my shower and unpacked that I heard a car honk and a roaring engine come from out front. I went over to the window and looked out the window to see an old Chevy parked in our drive way. The truck looked pretty cool, though it looked old. I then heard the voices and saw Charlie talking to an older man in a wheel chair, with a tall, handsome, tan boy with long black hair standing beside him.