Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight Chapter 1 Edward My mind was abuzz as I shoved suitcase after suitcase haphazardly into the trunk of Carlisle's Mercedes, fighting to keep my annoyance from bubbling to the surface. Three weeks ago, Alice had gotten a vision of our family receiving an invitation to a ball. And not just any ball. The Volturi - the closest thing vampires had to royalty - had invited anyone and everyone to this particular celebration of sorts. For what, I had no idea. And as much as I'd wanted to, I, unfortunately, couldn't weasel myself out of going because: a. Being on the Volturi's bad side was basically a death sentence. And b. Alice had a good feeling about us going to this ball. Something I'd learned to never question over the years. Our family and the Denalis would be the only 'vegetarians' - or animal drinkers - at the ball, which made us all just a little uncomfortable, but it was still a way for us to socialize with our kind. Having spent the past four years around no one else but my family and the humans of Forks, Washington, it would be a pleasant change to greet some new faces. Plus, there had to have been a few human-drinking vampires out there that didn't know another way of life, but would be open to the idea. That, admittedly, was Carlisle's main reason for deciding to go - so that he could save a few vampires from living like monsters. Of course, he was also eager to catch up with his old friends, though it had been years since they'd even made contact with one another. Marcus, Caius, and Aro, the leaders of the Volturi - the Kings of the vampire world. Carlisle had gone to them in the early days of being turned, living in their home – or palace, rather - for years on end, until he'd grown tired of the constant screaming from humans being drained, week after week. It was still difficult for us to grasp how he'd survived there for such a lengthy period of time in the first place. The way he'd described his stay had sent an unpleasant chill down my spine. I'd been haunted by those images ever since. It was part of the reason I so dreaded our trip. We collectively hoped that the Volturi would at least be polite enough not to satiate their hunger in the castle while we were guests. Our stay was short, after all - only a week or two - so to have actual real-life cries attack my thoughts instead of the imaginary ones from Carlisle reiteration... well, that was something I wished to avoid altogether. Going through a dark phase in my own life, I understood that human blood could be hard to resist, and that some vampires simply didn't have enough willpower to change their diet. But for me, that time in my life had long gone. The dull ache in my throat had subsided over the years, and I no longer had an overwhelming urge to drink human blood. I had, after all, once been human, so I didn't particularly enjoy 'the kill', no matter how vile the human. As I slid into the backseat, I let out a long, drawn-out sigh, already anticipating what the ball would be like. These events never failed to exhaust me, from the forced conversations to the persistent flirting I was never able to avoid - that particular prospect was the main reason I avoided social gatherings whenever I could. Being a mind reader didn't exactly help the situation either. But I was outnumbered – I could either whine all day, or live with the fact that I couldn't possibly get out of going on this trip. At this point in time, I decided to be mature about it. My hand delicately grasped the handle of my suitcase as I followed behind Emmett, whose own hand remained on the small of Rosalie's back as we exited the airport. Primarily, I'd felt an insurmountable amount of relief being greeted by a taxi van, ready to take me far away from the memory of our plane ride. It was difficult trying not to reimagine the thoughts racing through one of the stewardess's minds. Thoughts centered on me, and then my brothers when she'd caught sight of them. It was at times like these that I wished I could've had a better distraction than classical music. Hell, it made me envious that Jasper and Emmett had women of their own as distractions and initimidation. After successfully packing our suitcases into the seven-seater, we all clamored in, forcing a couple of stumbles to make us appear more 'human', and preparing for the relatively long drive that awaited us. I was happy to zone out and listen to a new album I'd just downloaded, needing my space from classical music for the moment after that flight. By the time we reached the castle, I wanted nothing more than to get settled in, left to my own devices in solitude. Naturally, that was asking for too much. I had to once again remind myself to keep my expectations of this trip as low as possible, as we were greeted by an overly talkative human porter at the entrance. Immediately, he relieved us of our baggage, though they weren't the least bit heavy – more of a hindrance than anything. I almost felt bad for the guy while he struggled to lift Rosalie's many overloaded suitcases onto the cart. Almost – until I got a glimpse of his thoughts, once again needing to distract myself after hearing his vulgarity. Man, I could not catch a break today. I expected the familiar burning sensation in my throat to continue as I was led forth through the entrance. The Volturi usually employed humans to do all the mundane chores: transport the luggage to the various guest bedrooms, answer the phones, greet the guests, etc. However, as I trudged forward, I felt no burn. Instead, my senses were overwhelmed by the most incredible scent: a mixture of strawberries and freesias. It was so… irresistable, there was a primal side of me that wanted nothing more than to close my eyes and breathe that scent for eternity. After a moment with my thoughts, my eyebrows began to wrinkle in confusion. I'd assumed this scent belonged to a vampire – it was delicious in the sort of way that one would say a particular perfume is. But, I could hear a steady heartbeat coming from down the hall, so then, I knew that the scent belonged to a human. But… why wasn't I affected by it? My eyes wandered over to Jasper. He was the newest to convert to our 'vegetarian' lifestyle, and he still struggled to refrain from succumbing to his vampiric senses. But one glance at him told me that he was as calm as ever. Though his demeanor didn't seem affected, his thoughts were running in the same direction as mine: "Why isn't this blood calling to me?" I shook my head, just as baffled by this conundrum as he was, but deciding to continue following my family regardless. My questions would be answered soon enough. My feet continued to lead me along, following the group, finally making it to the receptionist's desk, where, yet again, my senses were overwhelmed. This time it wasn't my sense of smell, but my hearing, consumed by a bell-like, melodic voice. The strawberry-freesia scent intensified, confirming that this was in fact the girl that the scent belonged to. Unfortunately, a large, blond figure stood in the way of me finally getting a glimpse of her. Again this animalistic side was grappling with the urge to shove the man aside, just to see who on Earth was generating such an abnormal reaction within me. "How old are you, anyway?" the blond asked, appearing to be toying with one of the paperweights on the desks, not seeming to note our presence at all. Or if he had, he was doing a brilliant job of ignoring it. "Sixteen," the only way for me to accurately describe her voice was… well, angelic, but her tone was blunt, clearly uninterested. My forehead creased. They were hiring teenagers to work now? At once, I felt the little respect of the Volturi I had left completely leave me. And then all I could think, or wonder rather, was what would become of this girl when they grew tired of her. Would they change her? Or drain her? I frowned at both options. Despite not knowing anything about her, the thought of any human having their life taken away from them… it didn't sit well with me. I tried listening out for her thoughts, curious to know more about her, but I was only accosted by the ones of my family. Again, I tried zoning out of my family's thoughts, but the only other thoughts I came across were of the perverted blond in front of me. Straightway, I tuned those out, keeping down my shudder. Still, I was greeted with radio silence, as if this girl was on a different frequency than everyone else. Or maybe it was just me? The blond whistled, "Okay, we can get past the legalities. When can I take you out?" My hands balled up into fists. Everyone was fully aware of what he really meant when he posed that question, especially with the statement he'd started off with. "There are other people waiting for help," getting no reaction from the blond, she continued. "I will get someone to forcibly remove you if you don't leave," the girl's frustration was now ringing clear in her voice. I was amazed at how she was managing to keep her cool despite these ridiculous advances. Rosalie would've dealt with a similar situation entirely differently. In fact, I could tell she was getting ready to, by her clenched jaw and balled fists. It was lucky that the blond wasn't too persistent. "Fine, whatever." Upon making eye contact with his red irises, my own eyes narrowed, before actually realizing how brave this girl had been for standing up to a guy who could've easily killed her with one move. My family wore similar expressions of disgust on their faces as the vampire left our line of sight, but finally, with his body gone, we were allowed the chance to zone in on the girl all of this ungodly attention had been directed to. Against my own control, my jaw went slack, and I felt weirdly frozen, just staring at her. It was like no matter how hard I tried, I physically could not tear my eyes away. Now, I wanted more than anything to find out what she was thinking, to understand what that adorable frown on her face meant. I couldn't for the life of me understand why I was being blocked from her thoughts - it was frustrating being blocked from anyone's mind, but especially someone whose mind I wanted to read more so than anyone else's. Her mahogany hair fell down in soft waves, framing her heart-shaped face, which was filled with hints of angular yet dainty features. Upon seeing us, her face relaxed, and she took a deep breath, gazing at each of us with her deep brown eyes – beautiful eyes that suited her well. "I'm terribly sorry about all of that. It really took some time for him to get a hint," she laughed, and I had this weird desire to make her laugh again. As soon as that thought entered my mind, I snapped out of my reverie, thanking God that none of my family members were mind readers themselves. My thoughts about this girl could've made them question my sanity. What am I thinking? I shook my head, attempting to clear it. In the meantime, Rosalie spoke up, "Why are you apologizing? I was