So, I recently started remembering this story idea that I'd had a few years ago, and decided to finally write it all down. I'm really nervous for the feedback, because I'm not entirely sure that it'll turn out alright. But I hope you guys enjoy :) Chapter 1 Emmett "Hollywood starlet Bella Monroe recently sat down with us for an interview about her role in the upcoming film sequel to The Hunger Games ," the tall, brunette E! News host spoke, before continuing. "The sequel which is based off the book, Catching Fire , is said to be all kinds of exciting, due to the heavy amounts of action and romance in it," by this time, Alice was practically falling off of her seat in anticipation. "Throughout the interview, Bella remained coy in giving out details of the movie, but was kind enough to drop a few small hints. And , when asked about her costar Jacob Black, she smoothly avoided the topic, saying that they were 'nothing more than friends'." "However, these recent pictures of the two hugging outside of an L.A. café prove otherwise, fueling rumours that the two teens are secretly dating," the host smirked a little as the camera zoomed in on an image of a tall, black-haired, Native American guy [Jacob Black] hugging Bella, while she clearly looked as if she wanted to pull away. "Bullshit," I rolled my eyes at the newswoman, knowing full well that Bella would never date a guy like that. And even if she did, I would be one of the first to know about it. I can understand your confusion as to why a Hollywood actress would want to share privileged information with a small-town boy from Forks, Washington. But, I'll let you in on a little secret: I'm her brother. See, our parents, Charlie and Renée Swan – now, Renée Monroe – split up when I was five, and Bella was four. When this monumental event in their lives had occurred, they'd both agreed that I would stay in Forks with my father, while Bella would leave to go to Los Angeles with my mother. They'd figured that Bella would need her mother more than her father, while I would need precisely the opposite. It was a few years later in L.A. that our mother soon fell in love with a big-time Hollywood lawyer, Phil Monroe, who she'd decided to settle down with and marry. Bella hadn't initially wanted to change her name, but when she'd started auditioning and getting chosen for major movie roles, she'd decided that it would be best to protect both my father's identity and mine. Of course, we hadn't asked her to, but in the long run, we'd both been really grateful that she had. Charlie was an extremely private person, who I doubted would be able to handle any form of a spotlight. And, me…well, I was all for it. But I did value having a normal, teenage life – something that my sister hadn't been lucky enough to have. No one knew about my secret sibling. So, my friends, surprisingly, liked me for me: buff, curly-haired, goofball Emmett. The only person, aside from our family, who knew about any of this, was my long-time girlfriend, Rosalie Hale. And I'd only decided to tell her when I felt that we were serious enough about each other, that knowing this particular piece of information wouldn't change anything between us. Secrets are a big no-no for a healthy relationship, according to several fashion magazines that have been shoved in my face for the past few years – courtesy of Rose and Alice. And since I'm giving you a play-by-play of my life, I might as well tell you a little bit about the rest of my friends. Firstly, there's Jasper Hale. He was a senior in high school with me, and had just graduated this summer to attend Dartmouth University to study psychology. In terms of appearance, he's tall, and lean, with blond hair and grey eyes. Jasper's actually one of the few people that always seems to be calm and collected no matter what – definitely the mediator in times of conflict at school. He's been one of my best buds since middle school. It was actually through Jasper that I met Rosalie, who was his cousin – hence the same last names. Next, there was Edward Cullen. He, too, has been one of my good friends for as long as I can remember. Standing at a jarring 6'2", he was one of the tallest guys in my group of friends, just slightly more muscular than Jasper, with unruly bronze hair and green eyes. In terms of personality, we're pretty much polar opposites – which I guess is why we've always stayed so close. I'd describe Edward as being quite shy and reserved, always with his head buried in either his schoolwork or a book. But, I can't rule him out as a total nerd, seeing as plays football for Forks High, alongside Jasper and me. Though, I guess next year, he'd be going solo seeing as Jasper and I had both just graduated, and Edward was only now going to be entering his senior year of high school. Despite being a year younger than me, I have to admit that he's one of the most mature guys that I know. But I'm getting sidetracked. Most importantly, there's my girlfriend, Rosalie Hale. She's tall, blonde, and beautiful, with stormy grey eyes. She's also ridiculously smart, and much less of a girly-girl than Alice. I mean, any time my car does anything unusual, I completely bypass the mechanic and send it straight to her – she's even been accepted into some prestigious college to study engineering. Rosalie's definitely a tough girl, who can more than take care of herself if she needs to – which is actually very useful given the fact that she's such a bombshell. I don't find myself worrying about her too much. We first got together in our freshman year of high school, and I'm proud to say that we've been inseparable since then. I know, without a doubt, that she's going to be the woman that I end up marrying. There's just no one in my eyes that can compare to her. Apologies for the sappiness, but it's true. Last, but not least, there's Alice Brandon – who I mentioned briefly before. She's been Rosalie's best friend since kindergarten, and has therefore been one of my good friends since I initially got to know Rosalie in middle school. One word that basically sums up how she looks is - to put it lightly – like a pixie; what with her cropped, spiky black hair, small frame, and feisty personality. She's definitely not someone that you want to have on your bad side, but she can also be a really caring person, and one who always stands up for something she believes in. She, as well, is a senior. Oh, and she's in a relationship with Jasper Hale. Alice is actually the only other one of my friends who has even an inkling about me having a sister. And that's only because she has this weird intuition about things like that – if I wasn't a non-believer, I'd almost think that she was psychic. "Why do you seem so certain that she isn't dating Jacob Black?" Alice asked, suspicious ringing clear in her voice. Lately, she'd been firing questions like these at me, almost as if she'd finally figured it all out, and all she wanted was for me to confirm it. It was always like this; sometimes I'd slip up and say something that would link me to having some sort of connection with Bella, and then I'd have to quickly brush it off and hope that no one realized. Knowing that I couldn't tell Alice the truth without the rest of my friends hearing, I just shrugged exasperatedly, "Just because . She wouldn't ever go for a guy like that." Uh oh . Too late, I realized that I really shouldn't have said that last part. " Oh , and how would you know that ?" Alice asked, black eyebrows practically reaching her hairline. She had me cornered there. At this point, Rosalie was looking at me with an expression that said, "Are you really going to tell them?" while Edward and Jasper were slowly looking up from the video game they were playing, curiosity etched on each of their faces at the strange turn this conversation had taken. I didn't know what to do, or say at this point. Should I finally tell them? Or make up yet another lie? I didn't honestly think that their perception of me would change in any way if they found out, simply because they'd all known me for such a long time already. And I trusted each of them to the point where I knew they'd never tell a soul. I'd known them all long enough. So the real question was: why didn't I want to tell them? At this point, I had no reason not to. Wasn't it time that I finally shared this important part of my life with them? They were going to find out one day, anyway. I shrugged mentally, oh, what the hell? "Fine. Do you really want to know why I act this way every time Bella comes on the screen? Why I seem to know these things about her?" I questioned, folding my arms across my chest. I felt Rosalie move from her spot besides Alice to stand next to me, putting a hand on my back comfortingly. A round of nods went through the room, making me throw my hands up in the air, non-verbally expressing, "Okay, fine. " "It's because she's my sister. Bella Monroe is my sister," I confessed, only to be met with two looks of utter disbelief, and one of pure smugness. You can guess which looks belonged to whom. "Yeah, and my grandmother is the Queen of England," Jasper joked, as Edward chuckled along with him, going back to their game. "Look man. It's cool. I know how Alice gets when someone makes up a rumor about Ryan Gosling. She acts like if she knows him personally, which is kind of what you're doing now with Bella. You don't have to be embarrassed and make up such a ridiculous lie, just to explain your actions," Jasper looked at me calmly, while nodding. You have got to be kidding me. I'd internally known that it would hard to convince them that I was telling the truth. I mean, when I'd told Rosalie, I'd had to explain my whole life story to her before she'd finally started believing that I wasn't simply out of my mind. But I had a feeling that convincing Edward and Jasper was going to be an entirely different challenge. Alice, thankfully, wasn't an issue. In fact, she was practically patting herself on the back for having 'known my secret all along'. "I know it's really far-fetched, but she is. I wouldn't joke about something like this," I shook my head, continuing on, "Our parents got divorced when we were little, way before I even knew any of you existed. My mom, Renée, took Bella to L.A., and after a few years, she started making a name for herself. "She changed her surname so that Charlie and I didn't have to live in any form of spotlight. And, well, it worked," I explained, slightly out of breath as I unsuccessfully tried to convince my two friends. Edward frowned, looking apologetic as he responded, "I want to believe you, Emmett. But I can't really know for sure that what you're telling me isn't all just a made-up story, or, knowing you, a really elaborate prank. You have to understand where I'm coming from." I closed my eyes, putting my hands on my face in frustration. This