'You get the wood, he said. I'll get the water, he said. It's much heavier, he said.' Haleth grumbled under her breath as she toiled up another green ridge, her back bent under the weight of the branches she had gathered. Stray twigs stuck in her sandy hair and scratched at the skin of her ears and neck. 'I'll bet the water was way closer than the wood!' After an age of trudging she reached the top. Ahead of her, green hills and ridges stretched away to the hazy horizon. Drat this countryside anyways; it all looked the same. She squinted into the distance. Deliberately placed stones crowned the verdant hills in this part of Eriador, the grey rocks covered in grey-green lichens. They had obviously been hauled here from somewhere else; were deliberately brought to this distinctly rock-free area at some time in the distant past to adorn the resting places of the dead. Haleth wondered why people had bothered. It was hard enough work carrying a bundle of wood up the steep hills. She couldn't imagine hauling an enormous boulder. It must have taken many teams of horses and men to bring the rocks to their final resting places upon the burial mounds. The graves were the only sign that people had once lived in the area. Those who had built the mounds would have been better served spending their efforts on the living rather than the departed. At last she spotted a pattern of stones she recognized. She had veered a little to the north. With crabbing, sideways steps she picked her way down the hill, taking care to not over-balance and roll into the valley below. The hot spring sun beat upon her like a blacksmith's hammer. Rivulets of sweat streamed down her face and back, pooling under the stack of wood she carried. Her burden would be invaluable once darkness descended for while the spring days were quite warm, the winter cold, reluctant to loosen its final grip upon the land, returned with a vengeance at night. And they would need the light to deal with the Barrow-wights. That would be later. Right now she was hot and thirsty. She thought of Inglor, her annoying but occasionally useful companion, drinking directly from a stream and dipping his feet into the cool water. Her eyes narrowed. Tomorrow she would fill the water skins and he would fetch the wood. Haleth was just beginning to wonder if she had gone too far to the south when she spotted what she had been looking for; a flat-topped hill. With one last burst of energy she trudged up the steep slope. Inglor would undoubtedly be there already, having returned from his errand far earlier. She hoped he had thought to prepare a meal. Granted, it would not be a hot meal for they had burned the last of their wood the previous night, but Haleth had had enough of heat for the day. 'You are searching the Downs alone? You are very brave!' An unfamiliar, somewhat shrill feminine voice reached Haleth's ears. The ingratiating tone set her teeth on edge. She took an immediate dislike to the owner of that voice. Haleth reached the crest of the hill to discover Inglor sitting on the grass. A strange woman was there, sitting with her back to the Finder. She was just a hair too close to Inglor for Haleth's liking, one slender hand resting upon his arm. 'Haleth. There you are,' said Inglor, leaping gracefully to his feet. 'Please. Allow me to aid you with your burden.' 'I've carried it this far without your help. I can manage,' snapped Haleth, brushing past him. The newcomer spun around, an expression of pure dislike on her face. The look disappeared so quickly that Haleth wondered if she had imagined it. 'Who's this?' Haleth asked as she struggled towards their makeshift camp at the centre of the hilltop. The hill was crowned with a saucer-like depression and a single, grey standing stone loomed at its very centre. Haleth stopped in her tracks. There was already a pile of wood on the ground. She glanced at the newcomer, frowning. The stranger's stack of wood was slightly larger and very much neater than Haleth's. The woman smiled sweetly as she compared the two and found Haleth's wanting. 'I see you've brought a little bit of wood, too. It isn't much, but every little bit helps!' said the stranger with insincere sweetness. Haleth drew back her lips, exposing all of her teeth and examined the newcomer carefully. She was years younger, slimmer and a shade taller than Haleth. Her sandy coloured hair was neatly tied back. Like Haleth, she was wearing a practical tunic and a pair of trousers, but better fitting and without the stains and hastily executed repairs. Her boots, Haleth noted with a sinking feeling, were practically new. The polished leather gleamed in the afternoon sun. Haleth glanced down at her worn, sweat-stained clothing, the layers of patches on her shabby boots and felt utterly inadequate. 'And you are?' Haleth demanded coolly, raking her hand through her hair, dislodging several twigs in the process. 'This is Hireth,' said Inglor. 'Hireth?' echoed Haleth. 'What kind of a name is that? I've heard of Hirwen, but never Hireth.' 'It is a noble name with a storied past,' sniffed Hireth in a tone of voice that implied she was not surprised by Haleth's woeful lack of knowledge. 'No, haven't heard of it,' said Haleth with a dismissive shrug. 'This is Haleth. I spoke of her earlier,' said Inglor, his tone open and polite. 'Tell me you haven't heard of that name,' Haleth challenged. Hireth replied with an expression that was more sneer than smile. 'I'd advise you to be on your way. These hills are safe during the daylight but they are dangerous after dark,' said Haleth as she rummaged through her pack, looking for food. It was obvious that Inglor had been too busy entertaining Hireth to prepare a meal. This did nothing to improve Haleth's opinion of the newcomer. 'I have no fear of the Barrow-wights,' said Hireth airily. ' Good,' thought Haleth. 'That will make it easier for them to catch you.' 'So you're here to visit them, then?' asked Haleth, pulling a package out of her pack. The small bundle contained a morsel of dried up cheese and a hunk of stale bread. 'You're not going to eat that, are you?' asked Hireth, her nose wrinkled in disgust. Grinning evilly, Haleth stuck the cheese onto the dried bread and took a large bite. Crumbs exploded in every direction. Hireth visibly shuddered and looked away in revulsion. She tried to catch Inglor's eye but his attention was on the verdant landscape. Haleth immediately regretted her actions. She had already been thirsty when she had arrived at the campsite. Chewing on the stale bread was like eating sand. She reached for the nearest water skin. 'So if you're not on your way somewhere else, why are you here?' Haleth demanded, mumbling with her mouth half full of food. 'Hireth is searching for the Harp of Gamil Zirak,' said Inglor. Haleth stopped in mid-chew. This was the artifact she and Inglor sought! She forced herself to swallow. The lump of bread was like a jagged rock in her throat. 'Gamil Zirak was a Dwarven smith. You should search in the Ered Luin where there are Dwarves,' she said. 'King Thingol possessed many artifacts made by the hand of Gamil Zirak. Not all perished in the wreck of Doriath,' said Inglor. Haleth glared at Inglor. As always, he was oblivious to her bad mood. 'The Harp is here, somewhere in these Barrows,' said Hireth. 'How fortunate that I found you. Now we can search for it…together.' She gazed at Inglor with doe-like eyes. Haleth opened her mouth to protest. She did not want this Hireth creature anywhere near Inglor or the harp. A loud hiccough suddenly erupted from her. 'Which barrow shall we search first?' asked Hireth. 'That one is closest.' She pointed to a nearby mound. 'Won't be in there,' said Haleth, between hiccoughs. 'And how do you know?' demanded Hireth with a sneer. 'Woman's buried there,' said Haleth. 'And you know this, how, exactly?' asked Hireth, her voice dripping with condescension. 'The placement of the stones,' said Inglor while Haleth held her nose and gulped a huge mouthful of water. 'Oh. You are so wise,' simpered Hireth, lightly touching Inglor's arm. Haleth snorted, rolled her eyes and let out a huge, painful belch. 'Sorry,' she muttered, tapping her chest. Hireth looked at her the way one would examine a particularly large and hairy spider. 'We should split into two groups to search more quickly. Haleth, you can look over there.' Hireth pointed towards a high hill. It was surmounted by a very large barrow. Its standing stones seemed menacing even in the light of day. 'While Inglor and I can look there.' She then pointed to a small, unassuming hill. 'We shall all search together,' said Inglor. 'But…' said Haleth and Hireth simultaneously. 'It is far too dangerous for either of you alone,' he said while the two women glared at each other. 'Then why don't the two of us search together and you search alone?' Haleth suggested, visions of feeding Hireth to a Barrow-wight dancing in her mind. From the expression on Hireth's face, she was no doubt entertaining the same idea. 'We shall all search together,' Inglor repeated in a calm voice that belied a mountain of stubbornness. 'But,' said Hireth. She looked as though she had eaten a sour candy. 'Together,' Inglor insisted. 'Oh, very well,' said Haleth without any grace. She had known Inglor long enough to recognize an unwinnable argument when she saw one. 'We should take our rest,' said Inglor. 'I'll take the first watch,' chirped Hireth. 'I'll take the second,' growled Haleth, not liking the idea of sleeping one bit because it would effectively leave Inglor alone with Hireth. She detested the way the newcomer batted her eyelashes at the Elf. She glared at Inglor who had settled in to make torches, completely oblivious to the tension surrounding him. Haleth sighed and slowly relaxed. She could depend upon Inglor to behave with the utmost propriety. With one last, venomous glare at Hireth, Haleth cast herself upon the grass and let the warm sun lull her to sleep. Haleth awakened some time later to a silvery world of mist, her heart pounding. It was freezing cold. A tall, shadowy figure loomed over her, its eyes glowing with a pale, distant light. She stared at it, unable to move. The Barrow-wight reached for her, confident that it had caught its prey. Inglor's pure, beautiful voice suddenly filled the air. The Barrow-wight froze, then the light of its eyes winked out and it vanished. 'What is it?' Hireth asked, her voice heavy with sleep. 'Haleth was attacked by a Barrow-wight.' Inglor appeared out of the sea of white. 'Are you well?' he asked Haleth, his voice full of concern. 'I'm fine,' she said, warmed by the gentleness of his words. 'Oh, how terrible.' Hireth appeared out of the fog. She sounded as though the only terrible thing was that Inglor had saved Haleth. 'She must have fallen asleep on watch.' 'I did NOT fall asleep on watch. You never awakened me!' spluttered an outraged Haleth. 'Probably because you were asleep,' she added darkly. 'No, no. I awakened you,' said Hireth calmly. 'I have no memory of it,' snapped Haleth. 'The night is upon us. We should proceed with our search,' said Inglor calmly as the women glared daggers at each other. The moon rose while they ate a cold, cheerless meal, its light turning the world to an eerie silvery white. Haleth looked up to see the stars clearly visible overhead. 'Let us be on our way,' said Inglor as Hireth poured water over her hands and delicately wiped them