Chapter One: The Life Within and the Falling Warchief A fading candle burned within the mud and thatch hut, just one of thousands in the Orc city. The air was thick and rancid, reeking of rotting flesh and feces. Scattered about the ground were chewed up bones, broken shells, and empty animal skins that once held grog. On the roof of the hut was an opening, a vent for the smoldering fire that usually kept the room lit. What was left of the fire was merely heated coals and flickering embers. Here sat a small child of grey flesh and messy black hair. She looked like a phantom, an unfortunate casualty of war. This child was cursed, although she did not truly know it yet. Her red eyes were fixed to the heavens as she observed a falling star speed on by and vanish into the night. She wished desperately to go outside and see the night sky in its entirety. However, this was forbidden. A deep, sickly breath deafened her ears. It was the snores of a goblin laying on a clump of furs and fabrics. It slept on the only bed in the hut. This goblin was only skin and bones, lacking any fat and muscle. Her brow ridge jetted forward and she had a long, hooked nose. Her skin was a light grey, covered in warts. As she snored, she let out a deep cough, that resonated in her lungs. The orc gagged and reeled as she woke up and sat herself up straight. She continued to cough violently, trying to clear her throat. The hoarseness of it became weaker and more strained as it continued. The small Orc child was frozen at the fire pit. She did not flinch or turn to face the adult. She feared she had been discovered. "Why 'er you still awake?" asked the larger orc. Her teeth grit after she finished asking her question, exposing her chipped set of fangs. "I could not sleep mother." "Get to bed this instance!" "Yes!" the small orc scurried to the small clump of rags in the corner and huddled in it. She curled up like a small animal as she attempted to hide her small form from the cold that soaked into her veins. Always she felt like winter stirred within her. Any heat was welcome as it stopped the shivering. Her frozen form buried itself deeper into the dirty fabrics that surrounded her. To her chest, she pressed an old leather-bound book. It was an old group of tribal tales written in Black Speech. She tried desperately to shut her eyes. If she could manage sleep, she would survive long enough to see morning. As she finally slipped away, she was awoken by a violent cough that made her lungs ache. "Ah, you caught it to eh?" asked her mother. The mother Orc let out a frustrated growl. "I guess that's it then." The child said, "I'm just a little under the weather. I'll be alright." "You are such a disappointment" The little Orc's sunk into her chest as if a blade had stabbed into her. She said nothing in response to her mother. Though she heard it before, the sting was no less painful. "I gave you the blood of a strong ranger, but you're sick as I am. Weak. Frail. Like all the others. And now… now we must live like this. Like exiles." "I'm sorry mother. I'll become strong when I'm older." "No, you won't!" Her mother jumped out of her bed and kicked a pale of water that sat at the foot of her bed. She then reeled over and began coughing. She grabbed her chest as she began to cough up blood. "Mother!" The small Orc jumped out of bed and ran to her mother's side. However, as she reached her, she felt the violent push of her mother's palm. The small orc yelped as she fell to the ground. "Don't touch me!" said the Orc, "I… don't your help. You can't help yerself. When I'm gone, you'll starve to death. Half breeds never live long. You were lucky to be born at all. Why did the Dark Lord think they could be fine warriors? What went wrong? I did everything right!" "I won't die!" said the child, "Mother please… I'm scared." "Half-breeds" said her mother, "always sick. And you… if you live, it won't matter. You can't fight. You can't have pups. They never can. All Orc will hate you." Her mother whispered, "That is your doom." A single eye like fire awoke. The other, long ago plucked, left its socket hidden behind an eye patch. Still, her sight was sharper than ever. Long black bangs like a veil obscured her face. Amidst the moonlight that poured in the window, her deathly features could be seen. Her pale skin as white as snow, her slit eye like a snake, her grey fangs, and her ears that jetted back like a twisted Elf's. She clung to a blanket that hid her nude features. Her fiery eyes fell to her side where there lay a handsome man with a sharp jaw and a face peppered with stubble. His long brown locks fell into a tussle beside him. His luminous eyes were shut as he gave even breaths. The woman trailed a claw up his chest, playing with the indentations of his fine muscles, stopping to stroke a scar or two. The woman turned to look out the window at the lonely moon that shone so brightly, hiding the stars and overwhelming the black of night. She let out a deep sigh and lay her head down on the bare chest of the man. The man stirred for a second. In his half-state of consciousness, his muscular arm came around her back, pulling her in close. Her hand slid up to his breast for support and comfort. With that, she fell back to sleep. No doubt nightmares would plague her, but the Dark Lord no longer haunted her sleep. No, now his whispers were with her always. At least, sleep was not so painful. At least, she could sleep deeply and soundly knowing someone was beside her. The room fell silent as she returned to sleep. All thoughts and worries ceased. Only the gentle breathing of lovers could be heard. It was the only stirrings in a long, event-less night. It was all either of them could ask for. The world was not perfect for Ursa. It never could be. However, compared to the cold loneliness that lay behind her, such moments with Talion were paradise. The chirping of spirited birds pierced Ursa's ears. She awoke to the sharp blaze of the morning sun. She stretched her thin and muscle-less arms. They ached and stung as usual. However, she felt quite refreshed. Nights like this with her lover were of bliss. Passion of the body and comfort through the night were still new to her. She eagerly devoured these gifts and clung to them in fear and love. She stirred now, pulling herself up, the sheets still clinging to her form. She saw Talion tightening the leather straps of sword's belt. He was wearing his worn-down trousers, but remained without his shirt. She couldn't help but eye him carefully. Her heart raced as she did. Ursa whispered to him, "What fortune as a woman that you are mine." Talion blinked and rubbed the back of his head, sending his hair into a torrent. "Thank you Ursa," he said, "However, I am fortunate as well." He crawled up onto the bed until he reached her face. He pressed his lips against hers, a gesture which caused her to shut her eyes and blush madly. Her face turned scarlet like a strawberry as it accepted his kiss. He kissed her again and again, each time deepening it. At last, Talion pulled away leaving her panting. He said, "Have you forgotten what I said? I have thought you beautiful since first I saw you." Ursa muttered her thanks, unable to hide her shyness. "Ursa…" said Talion more sternly, "Truly I meant every word. Your beauty was so that I was distracted upon many of our meanings. When first I saw you clearly in your tower, I tried to not think of it. It drove me mad to think an Orc could be so beautiful… beauty more like that of the Elves" She put a hand up to her mouth and looked completely away. "I… I don't know how to accept such a compliment. It is difficult for me." "I know. I saw into your memories," began Talion, "I know how you were wronged by the Orc and by men. I wish I could erase such lies." Ursa said, "I will learn to forget. Perhaps it is only you who sees me so. However, that is enough. You are enough for me Lord Talion." Talion said, "You must learn to see yourself as beautiful, as strong, as kind." The half-Orc said, "I do not know who I am anymore. Not since the Dark Lord came before me." Indeed, Ursa had changed since then. She did not know if the Dark Lord now pulled the strings of her mind and soul. If not, then he simply whispered and tempted her, releasing her inhibitions and drawing on her fears and goals. Drunk on power, her mind had changed so viciously that day, but now those emotions receded. Even so, there was no regaining the innocence she had lost. She was aware of it now, that she could kill. No longer could she or would she simply hand the responsibility over to the ranger. She had immolated the servant of the Tower, a Black Captain of Sauron. The underling was an innocent Orc, possessed by his master and yet to save Talion, she turned him into ash. There was no escaping this sin and no escaping Sauron. Even so, she moved forward. Talion said, "You do not seem as cold as you did then. Perhaps the Dark Lord's hold has weakened." "Perhaps," said Ursa, "Perhaps not." As she saw the fear in his eyes, Ursa quickly said, "I am sorry. I speak of such dark tidings when you are comforting me. I would rather think of us." "Then we shall," said Talion deeply. As he spoke, he propped himself against her so his legs were on each side of her own. His hands slipped over hers and he held her there. In her mind, she repeated here one remaining truth, "I am loved. This love is mine." She felt some blood return to her veins. Ursa smiled at Talion and pressed her lips against him. It was several months ago that they confessed their love. Even so, she felt the same rush she had experienced in their first kiss. She felt Talion's fingers press against her ring finger, causing the cold of the jewelry she wore to freeze her skin. It was about a month ago he had proposed to her. Well, technically, she had proposed to him upon their second meeting. As such, Talion was the one who had finally accepted. Ursa now wore the ring around her finger, taking it off as little as she could spare. Ursa now felt a chill run up her spine, although there was no fear involved. In walked the source of her premonition, the unnatural being that haunted them. However, Ursa did not think of him so. Rather, she thought of him as an ally and something of a friend. It was the spirit of Celebrimbor. His long white hair and sharp Elven features were illuminated like moonlight. He wore the fine raiment of an Elf lord and had the majestic gaze to match. He looked at them only briefly and turned away, likely to Ursa's state of undress. He said in a pious tone, "It is late into the morning and yet you here you lie so carelessly."