Chapter 1. The Unyielding Captain and the Weakling The ranger was at the end of his ropes. The grizzly Orc before him was ready to deliver the finishing blow. The ground beneath them was decorated with the corpses of the Uruk 's fallen underlings. "Use my power" said the Wraith. "Your services are not needed" answered Talion. "Ha ha ha!" said the massive Uruk. He donned a set of messy brown armor, and was crowned in a helm covered in grotesque spikes and ridges. His large spiked club was about to bare down on Talion. Talion rolled to the side and swung his sword forward towards his enemy. The sword cut into the Orc's armor, and remained lodged there. As the Orc swung his fist to the side, the ranger flew forward with his shoulder into the Orc's chin. The Orc, surprised and caught off-balance, abruptly fell down. The ranger crawled on top of him and pulled out his make-shift dagger, the remnant of what had once been a proud war sword. The shard dug into the Orc's brain, quickly putting an end to his grunts and gargling. The Wraith said, "That was close. Too close." Talion said, "Should I be afraid? I am nothing but a corpse that has not been put to rest. I die and live to die again. So if I am to be caught in this eternal cycle, then let me fight as I like." "Very well." said the Wraith. His condescending tone from earlier had disappeared. More slowly, he said, "But I ask you that you do not fall prey to despair and aimlessness. Finding this captain was no easy feat, and much work lies before us. Do not lose sight of that." Talion said, "I have not forgotten my mission." As he headed back to his campsite, Talion's mind was heavy with stress and calculation. His plan had gone terribly astray. His reconnaissance had not been detailed enough. His plan was simply to assassinate the captain in his camp, but immediately upon entering the camp, he had been spotted by an archer. He had expected dozens of Orcs, but nearly a hundred had surrounded him. He had been forced to flee. After the captain and a hunting party followed after him, Talion turned the tables on them. However, the captain had proved difficult to take head on, with his thick armor and equally well-armored guards. Talion had won, but this was only one captain. How could he hope to take on a Warchief on his own? If he had an army, perhaps it was possible, but alone, even his other-worldly powers would not bring victory. Talion knew he needed allies. He needed eyes and intel. The Wraith broke the silence and said, "You are eager I know. I too am eager to end this. However, patience is key. We must be cunning if we are to take on an army, if we our to take on Sauron's black ranks." Talion replied, "We have grown no closer to our quest. You know nothing of yourself and I have no way to reach the Black Hand, not even his underlings" The Wraith said, "We need an ally, someone within the army." "I know," said Talion, "So who then? What Orc would betray their kin and how can such an Orc be trusted? As for Gondor, our rangers are dead or worse. I'm afraid we have no allies here." "For now. Talion, we may have to extract the information from an Orc. One under the captains should do." "I have no experience in torture", said Talion, "And no stomach for it, not even for vermin like Orcs." "I may be able to… influence our captive." said the Wraith. "How?" asked Talion. "I do not know how to explain, I only know that I can feel it. Do not forget when we were plagued by that row of archers, I was able to first summon my bow. Now as we need information, I know it is within my power to take it." "Interesting. It seems you have your uses." "It is I who keep you alive Talion, is that not useful? "It was merely a joke," said Talion with a light smirk. The Wraith said with some strain, "Oh? Is that so? I see." Talion said, "Let us return to our dead captain's camp. Perhaps one of his followers remains." Talion began to comb the campsite, staying close to the bushes and rocks. A few Orcs were roaming about, clearly disorganized without their leader. As Talion made for the center of camp, he found several Uruks sitting about lazily, speaking about the same crude topics they always did, much of it about Talion. Amidst the obscenities, he heard an odd bit of chatter. An Orc said, "So who gets promoted?" A fat Uruk responded with, "You idiot, they ain't giving the job to us grunts. That Ranger slew all the officers, except old Tu-Sug. My guess is Olg will take charge here, add us to his ranks." "Olg? That can't be good, with his nasty temper." "Relax, he takes his temper out on Ursa. He'll be happy to have more men under his command, all the better to threaten her with." "What's his beef with her?" "Don't you know anything? Why wouldn't he want to rip out her guts? She's a sickly little maggot who thinks she gets to be captain. She ain't killed a thing in her life and she thinks other Uruk ought to follow her? He ought to teacher her a lesson. He will too. She's about to lose her head this time." "What do they mean by 'she'? Are there female Orcs?" wondered Talion. Talion was interested in this conflict however. He tailed the especially-chatty Uruk around the camp until cornering him behind a lonely tent. As the Uruk turned around to see the Ranger, his eyes widened in fear. The Ranger's appearance had transformed into that of an illuminated corpse, clad in fine armor, with pale flesh and long black hair. The Wraith quickly reached out, as if this was second nature to him, and grabbed the Orc by the forehead. "Forfeit your mind!" he roared as he peered into the terrified Orc's thoughts. He quickly ripped out the information he sought. "Finished?" whispered Talion, a bit frustrated with the wraith's theatrics. "End it." said the Wraith. Talion did not hesitate to gut the Orc. Quickly, they fled the campsite and headed into the wilderness to discuss what had been learned. The Wraith said, "He did not know much more than he spoke about earlier. However, it seems this Olg is a powerful captain, aiming to become the right hand of one of the Warchiefs. He has a large battalion under his command and if he defeats this Ursa the Weakling, he will be all the more powerful. This foe deserves our attention." "Then we will give it," said Talion, "Do you know of Olg's location?" "I have. That being said, Talion… it appears he is at Ursa's camp negotiating. By negotiation, I think it is likely a siege of sorts." Talion said, "If we are careful, we may be able to take the heads of both captains." "Indeed." Following the location the Wraith had discovered, Talion made his way to the location of Ursa's base. Unfortunately, the dead Uruk had not known the exact location of the base, so it took Talion an extra hour to find it. He hoped by the time he reached her base, Olg had not made off with her army. Her camp was little different than any other Orc captain, save for one detail. There were no Morgai Fly hives to be found, or cages of undomesticated Caragor. When he was fleeing the last captain's base, Talion had only managed to escape by relying on unleashing these creatures. In fact, the several other bases he had scouted out prior all sported these hazards. Yet, Ursa's base was clean of them. Still, Talion was not worried. For now, he was like a shadow and the advantage was with him. To Talion's surprise, there was no invading army to be seen. The Orcs he found were few in number, barely enough to occupy the base. Still, they seemed well at home. "This is our punishment for relying on hearsay." said Talion. "What will you do?" asked the Wraith. "This weakling Orc might be better off left alone, yet if I can remove her and these troops, it will be an improvement. I believe I can deal with these troops silently." The Wraith added, "It's possible. They don't seem well-organized." Suddenly, they heard the raised voice of an Uruk echoed out of a building up ahead. Wishing to know the reason for the disturbance, Talion agilely scaled up the side of the building, his fingers managing to grasp the small ridges of bricks and his muscular arms propelling him up the stone as if his weight was that of a child. He reached the structure which he assumed to be the Uruk captain's headquarters. To heighten his advantage, to transformed into the transparent guise of the Wraith. As he slipped inside, he heard the enraged Uruk continue his tirade. Talion crept closer, hiding behind some kegs of Grog ale. He peaked over to see a large Orc and two guards facing what he guessed to be Ursa. From what he could make out, she was a small pale figure with black hair. The loud Uruk said, "What will you do when Olg returns? You are defenseless! Why should I and my Uruk-hai follow you? We are the big joke of the entire army." Ursa said, "W-Well, Org mistreats his men. H-have I not treated you with respect Isulek?" "This is not a matter of respect. Your reign is over my captain. When Olg's messenger returns in the morning for your reply, what will you tell him? He will bring his troops and chop you and I up into pieces and serve us to his Caragor!" "I will tell him to give me more time" said Ursa, "We can work out an alliance I think. I know things he wants to know and may be of use to him." Isulek argued, "Olg doesn't care! He hates you! He doesn't challenge you only because he's doesn't want to taint his blade in your dirty blood. Captain, it's time for you to run. I'll deliver the army to him." "I c-can't. At least, let me negotiate. If it doesn't work, I'll accept his offer." "His messenger didn't come here to negotiate. It's over, you must surrender." Ursa said, "Please, have faith in me a little longer." "Argh!" said her first-in-command, "Time is against us. Why do I put up with your stupidity?" He quickly turned away and began marching out of the room. "Isulek…. thank you" she said. He grumbled and left the area. Talion knew this was his chance. This female Uruk was certainly an interesting one, but her life was as good as over. He knew she was alone now. Isulek had grabbed her two bodyguards and left with them. All the others were stationed outside. If he was silent, he could take her head and then pick off the others off one by one. Likely, she had about fifty under her command, but he'd only seen half of that in the base. The rest were scattered about in tents and in war parties. Unlike his last assassination attempt, this one would be easy. He crept closer to her, concealed in the shadows. Nearly upon her, Talion pulled out his dagger, ready to stab her in the nape. Suddenly, the front door slammed open. It was the two bodyguards returning from their lecture with Isulek. Ursa turned around at the sound of it. She saw the Ranger only a few feet from her. "I-It's you. The Gravewalker. Please wait..." she said. Talion lunged forward. Ursa fell backwards off her feet.