Humilia lepus foraman Chapter 1: Down the rabbit hole As much as I hate to admit it, honestly, I didn't mind the reaping. It's not because I'm trained, I never went to the academy even though District 4 is a career district. I'm the opposite of ready for the games. After seeing what it did to Annie, I despise of the Capitol. Annie is my best friend and my sister but she's still the same Annie to me. But to others, she seems lost and distant and she only opens up to a few people, me being one of them. But even one of us being by her side won't help the nightmares when she starts screaming and we can all see the games have wrecked her. But no, the only reason that I see a good side of the reaping is that there is no class on reaping day. Unfortunately, today there is and there is no way I can escape the hell to come. I swear that a demon is among our presence, at school. Normally, me being me, I would've loved school, and I do, apart from queen bitch. She haunts our school like some unwanted spirit and she seems to hold a grudge against me for no apparent reason. I try my best to fade into the shadows and stay quiet but she has sparked an interest in me. And the thing is, it's no competition. She's tall and beautiful with golden hair that falls down her back and those intense blue eyes and you can just see it, she's a victor. She's a skilled angel with so much innocence that you won't see her bad side. She's supposed to volunteer this year. I hope she does, the best don't always make it out alive. And I don't really need this on the last day of school before the Hunger Games and in the last hour of class. But, speak of the devil and she arrives, waltzing into the room like she owns the place. I mentally groan as she spots me and smirks, sliding into the seat infront of me. She turns to me with an unintended flip of her hair and drums her perfect nails on the back of her seat. She doesn't say anything though, expecting me to start the conversation that I've been dreading. "Hey Larissa," I drawl out, making my voice as tired and flat as I could make it be. She grins, flashing her perfect white teeth and blinding the world in the process. Ah, the perks of being the mayors' daughter. "Hey bitch," Surely she's mentally planned this conversation out because I have,"So, how many little kids have you scared today? Because I definitely thought with that ugly face of yours that you were a monster." "Hey slut, how many guys have you screwed today? Because I definitely thought with that short skirt of yours that you were a hooker," I respond and technically this might've been true. Half the guys in the school looked at her like she had hung the moon. She pursed her lips like she'd tasted something sour then studied my face for a moment before deciding on what she would do. She leaned forward, so close that only I could hear her and whispered,"You'll regret that." It was a threat and one that she intended to keep. But before I could say anything, she carried on like she didn't hear what I last said. And this is when I notice that her 'crew' has slid into the seats beside me. They follow Larissa everywhere, the three of them, and I've never herd them speak except either to mock me or to repeat what Larissa said. "So," Larissa continued,"Is it just me or is it impossible for someone to have such an ugly face, I mean seriously, do they not lock you up for going round looking like that?" "Oh Larissa, do you not have a wider vocabulary than 'ugly' because you say the same thing everyday and honestly, it's getting a little boring," I say and noticing her shocked expression, I carried on mocking her." I don't know how to help you but try something different. Horrific, repulsive, hag-fugly," I offered. "Hag-fugly?" She repeated, looking dumb-founded. I leaned back in my seat, pulling a smug expression onto my face."I use my imagination." She scoffed at this and even though not understanding anything, her friends snickered along wih her."Of course you do, you need it to make up your friends inside your head because you don't have any in real life." Offended or not, I still played a sickly, sweet smile on my face,"I have three and it's good enough for me," I respond, even though it just gives them more to laugh at. "Your sister doesn't count, you know," she says, pretending to inspect her nails. Her perfect, long, sharp nails. That in nightmares turn to claws. "I didn't include her." I say but she lets out a sharp bark of laughter. My face heated up and just had to remember that I just have to keep the conversation as simple as possible till the last class started. And then, whatever happened would be outside of school and my problem. My fight only. "Oh bitch, that's cute compared to the hundred I have." Arrogance would get her nowhere. "Oh honey," My voice dripping with sweet venom,"I would rather have three real friends than buy a hundred fake ones like you do." After school had finished, I only had one intention and that was to get home before the she-devil finds me. And if she does, lets just say it's not going to be pleasant. No-one messes with Larissa, no-one gets up in her business and if they do, it's likely they won't be coming to school the next day. I take the qiuckest, shortest route home, one that leads behing the Victors Village. I don't think anyone one else knows this way but even then I still stick to the shadows and slip away without a word. I tuck my long hair behind my ears to keep it from falling in my face and do a little hop and skip over a rockpool, skimming my hand through it to collect some shells for Annie. Annie has a hobby of crafting things from shells, necklaces, bracelets, anklets and more. It's just something she likes to do when she's out of it. "Did you really think I'd let you get away?" A voice asks, somewhere behind me. I don't stop to look back, I only concentrate on getting home, where she can't hurt me. "Aw, are you leaving so soon, before the fun begins?" She taunts her voice much closer this time. Curse all the stupid sand in District 4. Suddenly, she grabs my hair and yanks me round so that I am facing her. To make her uncomfortable, I don't protest or make a sound, I just go with it obediently and I can see that she is slightly surprised. "Got any last words?" She asks and before I can respond, (which obviously I wasn't going to do) she whips out a mean looking dagger, that glinted viciously in the sunlight. She gives me her own wicked grin before diving straight for me and grabbing my shoulder which is now held in a tight lock. I mean for this to be bullying but never so far as killing. Now I had a feeling that I should've ran. It's true that I've never trained at all, but I have picked up on a few things over the years. Pain in my left shoulder was increasing as she twisted my arm and held it behind my back, keeping it pinned. I don't try to escape, it will do me no good. She placed the knife under my neck, its sharp edge digging into my skin. I wince as she puts more pressure onto it, close to drawing blood. "What should I slit first? Your neck? Or should it be here, where your guts can spill out?" She moved the blade to my stomach and a few drops of blood fell onto the white sands below, staining it crimson. Before she could do further damage, I bring my head back and slam it into hers, knocking her back a few feet. My head is throbbing but I dismiss the pain, lunging for the knife. She screams in rage and kicks me hard and I fly back into the ground. Larissa is directly above me, knife in hand. She brings it down on me but before it could touch me, I loop both my legs around her waist and pull, bringing her down with me. The knife cuts into my shirt and shallowly into my shoulder. I hiss and bring my back elbow back and ram it into her face. That could give her a broken nose. Good. I grab her wrist that holds the blade and twist it so it falls out her hands. I pick it up and latch onto her shirt, dragging her up. She weakly throws a punch but I catch her fist and shove her back till she hits a fence. I start walking away till she grabs my arm and forcefully pulls me back but I already planned this in my head. I throw the knife and it pins her to the fence but only by her clothing, avoiding piercing her skin. "Please try to refrain your attacks on me. I would say next time but I think we've both established that there won't be a next time. If you wish so, I won't hesitate to kick your arse." And with that, I swaggered off. I know Finnick is going to kill me but I feel good. Finnick taught me the odd stuff, knives were my specialty while he knew how to handle a trident. I stuck with the lighter weapons, knives and a bow and arrow which isn't really expected of a District 4 tribute. Not that I'm going into the games. I know how to survive but I don't know how to murder and that ismy weakness. Finnick had hoped that I'd follow in his footsteps and train at the academy just in case but I refused and stuck to my sessions at home. I could use a trident and spear, for fishing but give me a sword and there's no chance for me. Sparring, I'm good at, small but fast and underestimated. I can't believe that this is us now. Every thought is revolved around the Hunger Games, us living our lives in fear. I hate it. Finnick and Annie, people I love, put through so much but for others it's just a game. Some train their whole lives for that moment and I'm not one of those. I do it out of fear but not out of my own, because people care about me and they don't want to see me hurt but I'll gladly rip out my tongue if it means speaking my mind. To cool off, I head to the beach and stand at the pier. I strip for a swim and allow the cold water to cleanse my cuts. I don't know how long I'm out but when I've finished, it's nearly dark. I put on my clothes and run the rest of the way home, knowing the drunken men in our District aren't very nice. I try to be silent as I sneak up the stairs but my 13 year old sister has a super sense of hearing. I swear that girl waits for me to come home because she acts like my mother! "And where do you think you're going? Where were you?" She demands, taking in my appearance. "Why do you care? And if you must know I went for a swim." That's considered pretty normal for our District and acts as a reasonable excuse. "I don't believe you. Why the cuts and