The Greengrass sisters. They are daughters to diplomat Hyperion Greengrass and his wife, Giselle Greengrass. They were raised to be poised, well-mannered and decent girls, each possessing their own sets of traits and skills. The Greengrass parents had big plans for their daughters and hope to have them marry off the highly respectable families among the Wizarding World. Many members of the Greengrass lineage are known to be alumnis from the Slytherin house in Hogwarts, though some family members were also known to be sorted to Ravenclaw from time to time. As political figures for generations, the Greengrass lineage usually stands neutral in the war between good magic versus the dark arts, granting them automatic immunity when conflict arises. Hyperion Greengrass is also known as one of the figures in the Ministry that bridges the muggle world and the Wizarding World but never letting both sides cross paths so often. He was often the man to come to in order to help to avoid conflict. Raising two daughters, Hyperion and Giselle unintentionally each have favoured different daughters. Giselle was very fond of Daphne due to her gifted abilities, talents and manners which make her quite a good candidate for when courting season kicks in when she's older. She believes that Daphne's beauty and graceness will take the Wizarding World by storm. Hyperion is drawn to Astoria's natural intelligence even at a young age. She always had a great curiosity for things around her. While she possesses beauty that would rival her older sister, it is at times clouded by her stubbornness and naivety about life. Both girls knew that their parents favoured the other and somewhat resented each other for it, thinking what qualities they lacked to not get one of their parents' attention. Astoria sees Daphne as the most precious child they have. She is after all the heir to their family's legacy and vastly talented in many areas to which Astoria lacked. It helps considering Daphne wasn't the carrier of their family curse. Although Daphne loves her little sister, growing up, she noticed how naturally easy Astoria attracted attention to herself without even trying. Astoria is vastly intelligent and sensible, and Daphne foresees the day where her dear little sister might even overtake her in the beauty department as she matures. The Greengrass sisters were rivals in their own way. Both craving of validation from their parents. Both trying to make up for what they lacked. It was a silence rivalry. None of them pointed it out but both knew what was really going on. When it was time to tutor his daughters to prepare for Hogwarts, Hyperion didn't hire an educator, he decided to teach them himself. During this time, Daphne was 10 and Astoria was 8. It was supposed to be a one-on-one tutoring session between Hyperion and Daphne, but Astoria didn't want to feel left out and stayed at first to observe their lessons. Sooner later, Hyperion notices how quickly Astoria picked up on spells, charms and flying and decided to induct in too. This of course made Daphne uneasy. How could her little sister, who is two years her junior, could be on the same par as her in magic? What would people say if they find out? Daphne trained five times as harder than she ever did, wanting to proof that she was the better witch. At times, she finds herself subtly sabotaging Astoria's efforts during lessons and always finding a way to one-up her own sister. When they're not having lessons, Astoria was always seen practicing her magic using their father's old wand to which Daphne decides to distract her by any means she can. She even at times come into Astoria's room and hides the wand from her so that she would have no choice but the miss lessons. Astoria however was not dumb. She knew what her big sister was doing but she did not understand why. Shouldn't they both be supporting one another instead of putting each other down? But at young age, she thought this was what the norm was. She would at times enter her sister's room and take her notes that she took. Family meals were tensed. Neither of them speaking nor even make eye contact with one another unless they really have to. Seeing her father and Astoria growing closer than ever, Daphne had no choice but turn to their mother. She vented time and time again that Astoria was intruding with her lessons with their father and shouldn't be allowed to join them. Giselle held onto her oldest daughter close to her chest and comforted her, "If you think Astoria is good, then you should strive to be better. Use this life experience as a test, my darling. Are you going to cry and give up every time someone, not just your sister, is better at you at something? Of course not. You should always be better." When Astoria started attending Hogwarts, Daphne was surprised at how quickly Astoria adapted to her new environment. Daphne heard stories from the older students who recounted about how clingy their younger siblings would be during the first few months of school. Daphne expected it would be the same for her case. Astoria made her own friends quickly, mostly ones outside Slytherin no less. Witnessing this, she feels rather empty inside knowing that her little sister doesn't need her. As she grows older, Astoria always had this fascination of the muggle world. She never understood why the pureblood families she was often associated with despise them, calling them 'mudbloods,' a term she grew to dislike. Not that it matters. She was not allowed to express her distaste of pureblood ideals, having to be neutral at all times. Her chance to visit the muggle world came at the age of 15 during summer when her father was called for a meeting with the Prime Minister of muggle Britain. She begged to come along on the trip and he obliged. Daphne wanted nothing to do with muggle world and stayed at home with their mother during the school break and hanging out with her fellow Slytherin friends like Pansy Parkinson, Theodore Nott, Tracey Davis, Blaise Zambini and the infamous Draco Malfoy. Daphne offered Astoria to come along with them instead of going to the muggle realm but Astoria declined, not wanting to hang out with those Slytherins. "You were hardly around the common room since you started attending Hogwarts and now you're going to be a third year. Please, stay and get to know my friends. It will be fun. We are going to our summer home in Greece. You love that place," Daphne offered enthusiastically. "Aren't those friends of yours constantly parading around like they own the establishment and think they have the right to put others down?" "It's not like that all the time. They aren't always mean as you might think." "They made buttons to put down Harry Potter and they support other schools during the Triwizard Tournament even though we have two students competing on our side. Pansy Parkinson made fun of a girl because of her hair and Draco Malfoy faked a serious injury just so to have a hippogriff killed because he didn't 'bond' with it," Astoria reminded her. "They're my friends , Astoria." "Your friends use words like 'mudbloods' to insult our muggleborn school mates. They think just because they're purebloods, they can get away with it. And I know for a fact that you don't like the word either," Astoria pointed out. "So thank you for the offer, Daphne, but I don't want to surround myself with people like that." There was a long pause after Astoria listed down her words, Daphne took a deep breath and prepared to walk out of the room, "You would rather be in the muggle realm and surround yourself with filthy muggles than with your own kind here?" "Muggles are not filthy. Just because they're different from us, it doesn't mean there's anything wrong with them," Astoria stood her ground. "Very well, dear sister ," Daphne said coldly. Both girls often use the term 'dear sister' to express their discontent with one another as opposed to using it as a form of affection. "I'd be careful out there if I were you." The muggle realm was everything Astoria hoped to see. During the first two days there, Astoria and her father toured with a wizard tour guide of London where they got to ride the London Eye, the red double decker bus and the Tube where she got to get on an escalator for the first time. In the evening, they got to watch a musical called 'Mamma Mia!' of which Astoria simply enjoyed and couldn't stop humming to the words of the songs. On the third day, however, her father had meetings to attend to and told Astoria to stay and order anything from room service as she pleases. However, she was not allowed to leave the hotel premises. There was only so much she could do at the hotel. Sure, there was spa facilities and a beautiful swimming pool but she felt so isolated from the world out there just waiting for her. After her father left for his meetings on the fourth day, she grabbed her small bag and visited some places on her own. She ended up in Columbia Road Flower Market where she was surrounded by endless streams of beautiful flowers. As she was sniffing a certain flower, someone handed one to her. His name is Wren and he is 17. His mother was the one who owned the stall she was currently in. His mother quickly identified her as part of the Wizarding World and revealed that she's a half-blood witch herself. Her son, Wren, however did not inherit any of her magical ability, not that he minds. He was happy with who he already is. Astoria was very smittened by Wren. He told her things about flowers and everything she wanted to know about London and muggles in general. Astoria had never liked a boy before. She always knew that someday she'll be betrothed to someone so she didn't care to consider dating. Wren was the first guy she knew that never brought up his or her's social status and it genuinely felt that he was making an effort to connect with her. She continued seeing Wren the following days while making sure she's back at the hotel before her father does by checking his itinerary. Astoria loved how easy it is with Wren. Observing the courtships of purebloods had always been somewhat awkward in Astoria's eyes. She didn't understand why two people are always forced to be together by their parents whereas love should come naturally. She learned that Wren wants to travel the world someday and help people. The muggle world isn't all that perfect. There were people living in poverty and society is separated by social classes and status. Astoria pointed out that it isn't all that different from where she comes from. Wren once mentioned that his father wanted him to follow in his footsteps in the family business but he decides to create his own path. "I wish I could do whatever I want," Astoria sighed. "Why don't you?" Wren asked. "It's complicated." "Because you're a pureblood?" Astoria nodded, "It's not that easy. I have expectations to live up to. I'm always told to keep in line." "Is life really worth living if you don't live it your way though?" Wren asked her rhetorically. "What do you want to do?" Astoria contemplated about it for a moment. No one has ever asked her what she wanted to do. Everyone in her life was already planned for. She didn't think she had the option to do whatever she wants without getting caught. "Same as you. I want to help people too. I want to help whoever I can, in whichever way I can," Astoria confessed.