Astoria Greengrass had only been in love once before. She was fourteen years old when she met a Muggle named Wren. He was sweet, intelligent and an overall good person. It was everything Astoria wanted from a guy she liked. Wren, as a person, seemed too good to be true which makes her wonder if he isn't some figment of her imagination. Growing up, Astoria was never 'boy-crazy.' She knew that at some point of her life, she would be married off to someone by her parents so she thought she didn't have to waste time dating or fawn over a guy. There was a part of her that didn't want to be married off to so that she wouldn't have to feel guilty of making someone a widower when she dies. Ever since she was informed of her curse, Astoria knew she wouldn't grow to see old age. Due to her condition, she might not even be able to carry a child full-term. If she did marry someone, she would cheat them of an heir. She figured why waste anyone's time with her when she would had just been contented with being alone. She didn't hate love. She loves the idea of being with someone who makes her smile every day. But being in love also leads to heartache and she doesn't want to go through it nor does she want to put anyone through it. So, she kept her head low, not attracted too much attention to herself and live her days as she wants to. When Astoria met Wren, her heart opened for the first time as she started to fall in love with a guy who made feel like the luckiest girl ever. He didn't care that she was a Witch nor did she care that he wasn't a Pureblood Wizard. Astoria was attracted to how self-assured Wren was with himself. He was confident but not boastful. He deeply cares for the people he loved. He was proud of his upbringing even though it was a humble one. But when life gives, it also takes. Wren was a victim of a vindictive Death Eater while protecting his mother who was a Muggle-born Witch. Astoria was left heartbroken. All she had left of Wren was her memories of him. Because of this, Astoria felt that she could never fall in love again, much to her mother's dismay. Giselle Greengrass never once gave up on matchmaking her youngest daughter with a suitable man. "So, Mama has told me about the men she was thinking of setting you up with," Astoria's sister, Daphne, stated as they were sitting in formal living room. Astoria simply chose to remain silent. "There are lots of real contenders that I think would you would love," she added. "Mhm," Astoria responded, not taking her eyes from the book she was indulging in. Now that she had graduated from Hogwarts, their mother was putting her on the market for potential suitors to court her. Daphne sighed as she looked at her little sister, "Astoria, it has been two years. Don't you think time for you to move on?" she questioned her gently, referring to Wren's untimely death. She understood that Astoria needed to mourn but Daphne knew that her sister is stuck in the past. "I know 'courtship season' can be annoying, and suffocating, with Mama being on your throat the whole time but she knows what's she doing." Astoria had to stop herself from rolling her eyes. Yes, it is true that their mother did introduce Daphne to her husband, whom she has been married to for eight months and so far, he was a swell guy, but this "courtship season" isn't something Astoria wants to be part of. She would rather make use of her time focusing on the Greengrass Foundation, an organisation created by their father of which Astoria would be taking over soon as Daphne didn't want to. Running a philanthropic organisation would eat a lot of her free time but this was something Astoria had always wanted to do - to help people in ways that she could. The Greengrass Foundation help Wizards and Witches who lost everything during the most recent war. It places more focus on the children, especially those Muggle-born, who are left on the streets and orphaned. Every year they would hold a charity ball to raise money for the foundation. "You know I don't like it when Mama tries to set me up with guys I don't know," Astoria finally responded. "What's so romantic about being forced to marry someone?" "Everyone deserves to find their true love, Astoria," Daphne told her. "I already found my true love," Astoria replied coldly. "Well you can find another one then," Daphne encouraged. "There's no such thing as finding a second true love!" "Well maybe Wren wasn't your true love," Daphne argued. Astoria closed her book, not caring if she marked the page or not, and looked at Daphne with an insulted look on her face. "What did you say?" she questioned. "If Wren was your one and only true love, he wouldn't have died. If he was your 'meant to be' then he'd still be here but he's not anymore. So, maybe he's not your 'meant to be' and that's ok because that means someone out there is, and he is looking for his 'meant to be' too and that person is you," Daphne explained to her. "I can't believe you are actually saying this things to me. I loved Wren," Astoria responded, hurt by her sister's words. "Do you?" Daphne challenged her. "Ok maybe you did but you were 14 when you met him and spent majority of the time apart with you being in Hogwarts and him in the Muggle World, only exchanging letters by owl. How do you know you really love him if you barely know him very well?" "Daphne, just what are you trying to say?" Daphne hesitated before answering her sister. She knew whatever it is she say next will upset Astoria, however, she needs to hear this from her or else Astoria would never come to the realization. "If someone loves you, they wouldn't have left you. They would have stayed and never gave up on you," she said. "I'm sorry, Astoria, but it's true and you're going to have to accept it sooner or later." "He died saving his mother. He was a noble person. You want me to be angry with him for sacrificing himself to save his family? Name one person wouldn't risk everything to do the right thing to save their family," Astoria challenged her. "Just because you can't see people risking everything for their families, it doesn't mean that they didn't do it. I could list down the people I know who would do or have done the same thing as Wren did but I know that now you wouldn't be convinced because you're still asleep in your own bubble," Daphne answered her. "It's time to wake up and join us in the real world." Astoria digested everything Daphne had said to her and wondered if it was true. Has she been asleep in her own bubble? She knew she loved Wren, she never doubted it before, and she knew that Wren loved her. Or maybe he didn't. The truth was, she still never understood what love was. She thought if someone loves you, you should love them back. "Maybe you're right…" Astoria said sadly. She looked at her hands to prevent her sister from seeing her tearing up but Daphne saw it anyways. "Maybe I'm using Wren as an excuse." "An excuse for what?" Daphne asked curiously. "I don't deserve to be loved by someone because...I'm going to leave them ultimately. So, what's the point?" "Astoria…" "No but it's true," Astoria interrupted. "I know I'm not going to live a long life so why cheat someone of that? I deeply care for Wren yet he still left me and it hurts me until this day. I don't want anyone to feel this when I leave them. It wouldn't be fair." Daphne grabbed Astoria's hand and held onto it tight. She was unsure what she wanted or needed to say next. They don't usually talk about Astoria's illness for her sake. Seeing her little sister feeling so helpless doesn't sit well with Daphne. Astoria deserved as much happiness as the next person. Daphne leaned into her sister and pulled her to a hug. "You deserve to be happy," Daphne whispered to her, still holding her sister in her arms. "Just don't forget that ok?" "Happy…" Astoria echoed. She missed being the happy and carefree person that she was. "I want to be happy," she declared. "Good. No one's stopping you," Daphne smiled. Draco Malfoy had never fell in love before. However, he knew that something deep inside him wanted to find someone who would love him for who he was. Someone he could call his best friend, and be his comfort and home in his world full of darkness. He needed someone to help keep his sanity and help him survive the dreadful world. As selfish as it sounds, all Draco ever wanted was to be loved by someone who would love him unconditionally, and in return, he would love that person as well. He knew his parents loved him. They spoiled him rotten. They got him everything he ever wanted, but always expected something in return for their generosity. This behaviour was especially explicit by his father, Lucius Malfoy, who always expected Draco to be the best at everything. Narcissa Malfoy was a lot more enduring. She pushed Draco to what her husband wanted their son to be because she thinks that her son has tremendous potential, but at the same time she was also Draco's comfort growing up. "You are much better than you think you are, my son," Narcissa once said to a 12-year-old Draco as she tucked him to bed. Earlier that day, he informed his parents that he was not the top of his class during his first year in Hogwarts. His father was less than pleased. "Never lose sight of that. You are a Malfoy after all. You are destined to be the best." Draco looked at his mother intently, "Do you really think so? That I am destined to be the best?" he asked hopefully. "Of course. Hard work will always be rewarded as long as you persevere towards the goal. But above all Draco, know who you are and you will succeed in life," Narcissa replied before kissing her son's forehead goodnight. "Sweet dreams, my son. Mommy always love you." However, his father had a different take when it comes to achieving greatness. "You should be more cunning, Draco! You should always strive to win. Do whatever it takes to win and never let anyone take your success away from you," Lucius said to him. "I just don't understand it. Success should come easy for a Malfoy," he added disapprovingly. "I'm sorry, Father," Draco replied sadly. "You will spend this school holiday training and studying hard for your next year. At the very least you should have a head start. I will find you a tutor and find a coach for you to join the Quidditch team in the new term. Every waking moment you have will be focused on this, you understand?" Lucius declared. "Yes, Father." Lucius approached his son and bent down to meet his eye level, "I know you may think that I am being strict and unfair towards you, my boy, but I am doing it because I love you. I want to see you be the best you can be." Draco nodded furiously. To hear his father say that he loves him was the motivation he needed. He looked up to his father growing up and wanted to be just like him. He wanted to be the best and have the world at