**PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU BEGIN THE SERIES** Many of you who see this I'm sure will be like 'huh? I thought this series had like fifty chapters and over 300k words last time I checked. And you would be correct, kind of. As of 11/14/2016 This series is over 400k words and I am currently halfway through writing book 4. However, halfway through writing the fourth book I made the decision to go back and rewrite, edit, further develop, and fix the three previous books. So if you haven't seen new chapters in a while this is why. I wanted to give you all the best, and I felt the first version could do a lot better. So because of this and all of the changes that have been made to the series I decided to remove all of the previously released chapters I posted here and start things from scratch again. Which means I will be starting back from chapter 1 and adding chapters as per schedule from here on out. For the new readers none of this will really matter but to my old readers I recommend that you re-read everything and do not wait for me to just get back to the fourth book. So much has been made better and changed! Every single chapter has been lengthened, edited, and reworked. There is even three new chapters in Book 1 alone so with that being said you will probably see a lot of new things in all of the books this time around. Now before you dive into the story there are a few more things I would like you to take note of. First is my profile page. On there I have posted series notes, images, and further information on the series as a whole. As well there will always be different polls running there that will help influence the story depending on how people vote. I recommend that you check it out. The second thing is that I ask you to please please please leave a review and favorite/follow if you enjoy or don't enjoy the story. You have no idea how much each review means, even if it is a short one. I am very easily influenced by reviews, and the more I see the more inspired I am to knock out an allnighter of writing. Also if you leave a comment please check your account PM inbox occasionally. I like to reply and have chats with my readers and many of you have great suggestions and feedback that make a major difference in the story. I also want to let everyone know that there is a forum for this series. The link to the forum page can be found on my profile page. I encourage anyone interested in the series to go check it out and feel free to post to your heart's content on there. I get a lot of PM's suggesting cool ideas, asking good questions, and debating certain things throughout the story. Instead of having all these things privately in my inbox I would like for everyone who reads this series to have access to the same things. So please go check out the forum and start up a conversation, debate, or topic! I look forward to seeing what you have to say! Thank you and enjoy! *********MUST READ FOR NEW READERS BEFORE STARTING! MUST READ FOR NEW READERS BEFORE STARTING********************** Due to messages and reviews from a few new readers to the series I wanted to leave this quick disclaimer to hopefully clear some things before you jump into the story. 1. This an AU story-meaning things will be different then they were in the books or films. Do not assume that Harry, Hermione, or other characters would act the same, do the same things, or be at the same skill levels as the book or films. 2. This is not an OP character story. As you get further into the series you will learn that my Hogwarts is a little different than the cannon Hogwarts. Because of this a few people have had concerns that certain characters are too powerful. The power levels in my story are different than cannon. Meaning even though a character might seem strong, you maybe don't know how strong he is in this world yet. 3. There have been a lot of questions and concerns about who is the hero of this series? Because it has been a major concern for some I want to clear the air without giving any spoilers. First this a longggg series and there will not be a single hero in my series. In the cannon books Hermione, Ron, Dumbledore, Snape, Dobby, and many more characters were heroes in their own rights. My series looks covers to cover the many amazing people in the world of magic and not just Harry alone, though he is obviously an important one. In some books Marik might seem like the hero, in others Hermione, in some Harry, and some other characters. So far in the series only certain characters will be put in spots to give heroic acts. Later in the series others may be put in similar situations. I ask that you please be patient. Just because Harry or another character you like doesn't seem like the current hero in the series try and remember that the book you are reading is only one small cog in my entire series. Each of the main four characters will have a large role in my world and how it progresses and I promise that none of them are background characters. I chose personally to quicken the growth and development of some characters and slow down others. As I have stated before I'm currently writing two books ahead of this one and I can honestly tell you that the characters grow a lot from where they are now, just be patient! 4. Yes students who have grown up in the world of magic would have some advantages prior to coming into Hogwarts to those who did not grow up around magic. However, no students are allowed to practice magic in my world before they came to Hogwarts, therefore they would not have a major advantage with spellcasting. The largest difference between muggleborn students and pure/halfblood students would be in history of magic. Please remember though that not all students are created equally. Not everyone at Hogwarts is studying 24/7. Most normal kids are playing quidditch, gossiping about who is doing who, and cramming their homework at the last minute. Hard work pays off and a school year is a long time. 5. Yes this is a varying perspective fanfic. The story will switch between four different perspectives throughout the series. The four perspectives will be of the four main characters. You can tell who the chapter is about by looking at the top of each chapter for a title if you need to. I am aware that many people are not fans of this style(so you don't have to message me and tell me!) but if you have ever read series like Game of Thrones, Lord of The Rings, and many other famous series you will know that sometimes it is needed and more effective in a character driven story. So sorry if its not your cup of tea, but I suspect if you get a few chapters in you might change your mind. 6. Early on in the series there are some OC characters introduced right out of the gates. I understand many of you are looking for familiar characters right off the back but, again, have no fear, your favorite characters are in this series(Just look at Chapter 2 lol). As an avid Fanfic reader I have the belief that OC characters are only ever done well when a sufficient amount of time is spent introducing them and developing them. So again, early on there will be some new faces getting some limelight. 7. If you have questions or need clarification please just message me! He Who Must Not Be Named October 31, 1981 He lowered his wand as the last lamp lining the main street of Godric's Hollow was extinguished, leaving the previously illuminated shrouded in a blanket of darkness. As he left the cover of the shadows in which he had been waiting impatiently, nothing could be seen except for the small number of softly glowing windows of the houses lining the street's sides. He made his way methodically along the stone sidewalk, passing a few more houses as he headed towards the large white cottage which had not been there during his last visit to Godric's Hollow. "Again I have managed to best you, old man," he said with a victorious smile as he stopped and turned to face the house's small white gate. There, through the home's front window he could see the blood-traitor family he had come to. . . visit. A brown-haired man, stood leaning against a wall with his back to the window and the world outside. The man appeared to be talking to a woman, who was rocking slowly in a large wooden chair, her eyes never leaving the little child in her arms. The child, in its mother's arms, was reaching up into the air, seemingly trying to grasp its mother's long auburn hair, which was only just out of its reach. The man and woman seemed to find amusement in this and both of them smiled and laughed each time the child's hands reached upwards. The sight made him sick. "They have no idea," he said to no one but himself, the devilish grin once again growing on his face. He pulled his hood off his head and with a quick swipe of his hand unlocked the front gate, making his way up the cobblestone path to the front door. Before entering, he reached into the pocket of his robes and withdrew his wand. With his wand raised, he blasted through the door and quickly made his way into the house. Upon his entry, the woman's screams immediately filled the air. "Crucio!" He screamed the familiar curse as soon as he entered the home. He pointed his wand at the man, who had turned and attempted to pull his wand from his pants pocket. The man was too slow though, and failed in his attempt to defend himself. He was hit by the curse and forced by the magic to collapse onto the floor. The man's body stretched and curled uncontrollably in the indescribable agony of the torture spell that had been cast on him. The man's agonizing screams of pain and the women's hollow screams of terror were all that could be heard inside the house in Godric's Hollow. It was truly a beautiful sound. "Please stop! Take anything you want! Stop hurting him, please!" The women begged through tears as she clutched the small child closer to her chest, as if that would be enough to protect him. "L-lily! C-c-cover H-Harry in i-it a-and r-run!" the man stuttered out between screams of pain. "Silence, you fool! Crucio!" he spat and intensified his curse on the man. "James! Please stop!" The woman again screamed out in fear as her husband began to thrash around even more violently, only a few feet away. "Quiet, you filthy mudblood! I am the greatest and most powerful wizard of all time! I can take anything I want! And you blood-traitors will give me what I want! Crucio!" He cast the second torture curse at the women and she immediately began to writhe and thrash around in pain, just like her husband. As her thrashing worsened she dropped the child to the floor as she fell from out of the rocking chair, joining her husband on the floor He couldn't stop the smile that came as he watched the two of them twisting and writhing on the floor together. "You fools thought you could