Welcome readers to my second ever HP story here on this site! I've been excited to write this series for a while now and am even more excited to see what everyone thinks of it! My other series, Fate's Four, is still my main series and will always take priority over this one but I have so much fun writing this one that you can expect frequent chapters and updates. I am in need of as much motivation as I can get to write two successful series so please please please leave a review down below if you enjoy the new series! I hope you enjoy it! Chapter One: The Story Begins September 1st, 2040- The Leaky Cauldron, London "No, no, no - you are wrong Archie! Leon Hudson couldn't hold a torch to Harvey Hughes. Leon had three-hundred-and-twenty more points more in the eighty-eight circuit then Hudson did! Their levels were miles apart!" Mr. Gill argued, sploshing some of his drink onto the table as he shouted with over-exaggerated arm movements. Elliot quickly pulled his wash rag from his apron's pocket and cleaned up the spill before returning his arms to the back of the chair he was leaning on and continued to listen on intently to their argument. "And what good did those extra points do for the Bangers eh? They still finished in the bottom six did'n they. Hudson and the Kestrels finished top o' the table that year!" Mr. Archie bellowed back. "We wasn't arguing about where they finished in the table though was we? All I'm trying to tell ya Archie is that Hughes was a much better flyer. He practically invented the stop and fall turn! I saw Harvey do the move that helped Hudson win those two titles before anyone even knew who Leon Hudson was with me own eyes!" Mr. Gill growled again, this time maintaining a little better composure with his drink. "You saw Harvey Hughes fly in person?!" he blurted out the question, amazed that Mr. Gill had seen a legend like Harvey Hughes in person. "More than once I did. Me father used to take me out to the Banger's pitch before they built that new gawky stadium. The pitch over there used ta' be all be grass and ya could sit so close to the pitch that you almost nearly got hit with their brooms as they flew over ya!" Mr. Gill answered, beaming a smile at the memory. "They let you sit that close - that's incredible?! Did you ever get to meet any of the players?" he blurted out another question, amazed at Mr. Gill's story. "I never met any of the good ones no, I did get to meet a few of the reserves though; bunch o' nice fellas they were." "That's so cool! I can't imagine getting to see someone like Harvey Hughes play that close!" he exclaimed. "Oh come on boy, you've seen plenty of flyers that could handle a broom better than Harvey Hughes!" Mr Archie argued and from Mr. Gill's reaction it appeared he may have just started a new argument up. "Elliot Neville Bridges where are you!" his mother shouted across the tables from behind the bar. "Over here mother, I was just serving Mr. Archie and Mr. Gill, I promise!" he lied. "Elliot, Mr. Gill and Mr. Archie are sitting at Olivia's table so I know you are lying. Now, I'm not gonna tell you again, go bring down your trunk and get ready to leave! We only have twenty minutes until our portkey leaves for King's Cross!" "I'm going, I'm going, sorry mother! I just lost track of time!" he apologized and ran over to where is mother was. "Just like you always seem to do," his mother replied with a girn. He rubbed the back of his head innocently and tried to keep the guilty smile trying to creep forth on his face down. "I'll bring it down in a few minutes mom. I just have to finish packing first!" "Finish packing? Elliot, please don't tell me that you haven't finished packing already!" "Well. . ." he mumbled, rubbing the back of his head again and failing this time to contain his guilty smile this time. "Elliot, every time you rub the back of your head like that I either know you are either lying or that you have forgotten to do something; which leads me to believe that not only have you not finished packing but that you have not even started packing!" "I will though, and quick too! You'll see!" he assured her and turned to bolt up the stairs. "Well I won't be the one missing out on my first year at Hogwarts if you don't! Ask your grandmother to help you!" his mother shouted up the stairs behind him. "I will!" he called back. He ran through hallway at the top of the stairs as quickly as he could, having to only slow down for one of the Leaky Cauldron's guests whose room door was blocking his path. At the other end of the hallway he bolted up the second flight of stairs, leading to their living quarters, taking two at a time, and ran to his grandparent's room. It took all the self-control in him to not just burst through the door, but knowing how much his Nana hated that he managed to maintain himself. He reached up and knocked softly on her door. "Come in Elliot," nana called out from the other side of the door. "How do you always know it's me?" he asked as he opened the door. His Nana was currently sitting next to the window in her favorite rocking chair reading a book. "Cause you are the only person who makes enough noise bounding up the steps to scare a Hippogriff," she laughed. "Your grandfather used to do the same thing when he would come home from work. Just like with you, you could hear the excitement in each one of his steps as he bounced up those stairs." "Sorry for being so loud Nana, I was just in a hurry," he apologized. "Oh don't be sorry Elliot, you have always been in a hurry with everything since you were born. Now, I take it from all the shouting I heard downstairs from you and your mother you forgot to pack your trunk. Am I right?" she asked him with a raised eyebrow. "How did you?" he asked again, amazed again. She just laughed at him and slowly stood up from her rocking chair. "Well let's go to your room, I know a few packing charms that will help speed things along." He lead her towards his room, two doors down the hall, and opened the door. "Elliot, honestly the fact that you don't ever get lost in these piles of clothes and magazines you have scattered all over your floor is mind-staggering." "It's not that messy. I picked up all of the candy wrappers that mom was upset about at least," he retorted, grinning mischievously. Nana shook her head but gave him a soft chuckle. "It scares me how much you are like your mother sometimes." She shook her head laughing. "Now, fetch your trunk and put it on your bed. You bring me the things you want to pack and I'll put it all in your trunk. Where are your books and supplies at?" "Over there on my desk," he pointed towards the window and carefully stepped over the piles of clothes on the floor as he made his way over to the closet. His school trunk was still in the corner of his closet and was currently sitting under a large pile of old posters that he hadn't yet got to putting up in his room. He tried to carefully pull the trunk out without making a bigger mess but failed miserably. All of the posters, along with about forty hangers fell loudly onto the floor of his closet and scattered across his bedroom's floor. He turned slowly towards his Nana who was just shaking her head again as she had her wand out waiting for him. He pulled his trunk over to the bed and tossed it on top. He watched as Nana waved her wand at the chest a few times and proceeded to levitate all of his books and school supplies into his trunk. He made his way back over to his closet as she did that and randomly took as many shirts as he could carry in his right hand off the hangers, followed by as many pants and shorts he could carry with is left. Thanks to Nana, packing didn't take much time at all and within a few minutes he had almost everything ready to go. "Elliot dear, you need to put on your school robes now too. And are you going to take it with you?" Nana asked him, pointing at his father's old Thunderbolt VII that was sitting in its wrack above his bed. "I don't really have any room for it, so I guess not. I'm already going to have to carry my Comet 290 with me on the Express since it won't fit in my trunk. I don't think I can manage carrying two brooms and my trunk," he replied, sad that he was going to have to leave it behind. "I think we can manage to fit them both in your trunk," Nana replied with a smile and waved him over to her. He made his way over and followed her eyes down into his trunk and could see that the bottom of the trunk was much lower to where the actual bottom should have been. "Is that the, what was it called, extendable something spell?" he asked, struggling to remember the exacting wording. His mother used the spell often when they went supply shopping for the Cauldron but he had never paid too much attention to it before. "Right you are, I also added a featherweight charm to your trunk, so it should be easy for you to manage until you get to Hogwarts. Now, fetch your brooms so I can get them in here and you downstairs before your mother comes up here yelling and shouting." He jumped up onto the bed and pulled his father's broom off its rack and carefully, like handling fine china, handed it to his grandmother. He watched her place it in into his chest, ensuring that it made it to the bottom in one piece, before he ran over to his dresser and plucked his Comet 290 from atop it. "I think that's everything!" he asserted, putting his hands proudly on the side of his hips. "Thanks for helping me Nana." "Of course, Elliot. It's not everyday a grandmother gets to spend some time with her grandson before he goes off to Hogwarts for the first time. I'm going to miss hearing you bounding up those stairs and shouting across the bar with your mother. It was always so quiet in the Cauldron when your mother left for Hogwarts when she was your age." "And yet mother still always says I'm the only loud one in the family." Nana seemed to find that funny. "Come here and give your Nana a hug and kiss before you leave," Nana ordered. He walked over to her and wrapped her in a hug and cringed a little as she planted a wet, loud smooch on his forehead. "Awe c'mon Nana!" he groaned as he wiped his forehead, still smiling though. "It's my job to embarrass you sometimes. Now, promise me before you leave that you will write to your mother and I while your gone; just because your grandfather is a professor at Hogwarts and you'll see him everyday isn't an excuse not to write," she ordered. "I promise, I promise! When I'm not busy though!" he replied. "Fair enough, now go on," she ordered him with a