AN: This is my first fanfiction I've ever written. Just do you know if you have not seen my profile I have dyslexia so the grammar isn't all that good. I don't own any of this, other than Noelle, Angel, and Renea; everything else goes to Rick Riordan. I owe all my thanks to my Beta Reader: NicoDiAngeloLover7 who had to suffer through reading this for me and am lucky enough she knows what I'm trying to say. Please R&R, no flaming just because it has some cute Percico , Leo/Frank/Hazel (maybe i'm trying to see if i could work that in with my OC )Piper/Jason, Annabeth/Reyna moments. Hope you enjoy it. (This may or may not contain real life events.) ~Courtesy of NicoDiAngeloLover7 ( MY AWESOME BETA READER) Nico's POV "Where would 3 Apollo girls like to hang out that we haven't checked out? Are you sure they're here?" I asked annoyed at the Latino as we all stood in front of a huge brick library that took us an hour to find at the most. "Well we already checked every music store in this town! This place is what coach suggested we should try next," Leo Valdez said . "And what's wrong with my pick, cupcake? Like any of your places worked," Coach Hedge said as he started to wave his hands around and rant to all of us on how bad our picks had been. 'How should I know that one daughter of Apollo, much less three weren't in any music store in this town. I couldn't come up with anymore ideas on where they would be. But the thought of losing one of them kept nagging at my brain, I just couldn't push it away anymore. I had to do something.' "I hate to say this, but do you think... do you think they already ran into a monster ... That there are just two of them now." I could barely get the words out and I hated to. But I couldn't help but think about the prophecy about me and the seven heroes, who went on the quest to defeat Gaea, received from Rachel and Apollo himself. I looked over at Leo who quickly turned away. But by the look on Leo's face when I voiced my worries I knew it bothered him too. FLASHBACK NICO'S P.O.V. I was standing beside Percy in the big house as Annabeth, Piper, Jason, Hazel, and Frank walked in and quickly joined us. "Hey guys anyone know why we all where called here" Jason asked as Rachel walked into the living room along with a male in his twenty's behind her . He had a bright smile and was really tan and looked like a surfer dude. I knew it was Lord Apollo even though it had been years since I had seen him. Everyone bowed in respect and greeted him he smiled and waved. "There you guys are. We should wait till Chiron and Leo gets here," Rachel said as Apollo nodded. "Wait for what?" Percy asked just as Leo and Chiron came though the doors as Leo went to stand with the rest of us right when Chiron walked over to the oracle and Lord Apollo. "Well I rounded everyone up, what do we owe the pleasure Lord Apollo?" Chiron requested. "Guys I have received another prophecy that involves all of us and Artemis' hunters." Rachel said. "One that is so important that I have to be here to tell you kiddos," Apollo said. I watched as Rachel's eyes did that weird green smoke thing as she began to recite the prophecy Rachel then recited: Seek Apollo's 3; One will fall short before the tree. Gods struggle fight for the debated throne, Heroes and hunter divided A fight that's yet to be guided. Struggles prove to work together condones, In the end fire's light will voice reason's loan. "Lord Apollo if you don't mind me asking, what does it mean?" Percy said. "Well there only certain things I can tell you, even being the god of prophecy I don't always know what they're talking about. What I know is that all of you need to find three of my demigod daughters. There a big war coming and I need them, my sister's hunters, and you 8 heroes here to win." Apollo said. "Why didn't you just look in your cabin," Leo said "Kiddo it's not that easy, they are out in the mortal word. They probably don't even know they're demigods," Apollo said. "Wait can you tell us their names?" Hazel asked. "Sorry, but it's you guys job to find them, I can only help you out just a little," Apollo said disappearing in a bright light and leaving us to figure out the new prophecy on our own. /end flashback/ "Yeah Coach, this can't be the place where you "smelled " those demigods," Leo had commented as Coach Hedge glared at him as he stopped in front of the brick archway and the library's front doors. "This nose has never let me down yet, cupcake. I don't see another satyr anywhere else now do ya? You comin' or what? The faster we find these demigods the sooner we can leave," coach Hedge said trying to get to the point. "Okay ,okay. Slow your hooves down, we're coming," Leo said and put his hand in surrender as we all walked in. Three young teen girls sat side by side at their town's public library computer stations. In the middle of their little group sat a young girl who was 16 years of age with long wavy blond hair pulled into a mess bun. She was wearing a dark green tie dye t-shirt and navy blue jeans. The girl mumbled the lyrics to the song she was listening to while playing a game on the computer. On the blonds left sat her younger, little sister which the two sisters were only a year apart. She had brown super, curly hair and a white t-shirt and a pair of dark blue jeans. She sat at the computer tapping her finger to an unknown beat trying to finish her homework that was due the next day. On the young blonde's right sat her best friend ever since the beginning of time and was the same age as her, if not a few months older. The girl's black wavy, curly hair fell to her shoulders along with the teal green highlights blending in perfectly. She had on her favorite bluish green t-shirt and denim blue jeans. "Hey Renea, the library is closing soon, do you want to get off here so I can go show you that book I was talking to you about," whispered the black headed girl, Noelle, who was speaking to her blonde friend. "Oh yeah sure, sorry Noelle; you know how forgetful I can get, the blond has ranted. "You and me both, girl," The black-haired female said. "Hey Angel you wanna come with us ?" the blond continued to ask, who was known as Renea since she had to whisper back while facing her little sister, Angel. "Yeah, hold on. Let me save this and sign out of here," Angel said. Noelle stood throwing her book bag over shoulder while Renea did the same with hers. The two walked over towards the sign-in at the desk. "Hey guys wait up!" Angel whispered loudly earning herself a dozen of hushes aimed her direction. "We are, so be quiet Angel," Renea replied looking over her shoulders. "Oh come on and hurry up Angel, we don't have all day," Noelle said teasing the younger girl. "I am," Angel said as she gathered her two books in her arms and walked over towards where the others were standing. "Geez guys, you can't even wait a minute," Angel huffed. With everyone in their group accounted for, they walked into the hallway back where the elevator was residing. Renea reached for a small notebook out of her bag as they waited for the elevator doors to open and started to write down the newest idea that just recently popped in her head. "Really Renea? Really?" Noelle had said while rolling her eyes. "What!? I'll forget my ideas if I don't write them down. You can't really say anything about it either since you do the exact same," Renea argued back and not once looking up from her notebook. "Yeah, yeah I know. Don't remind me, "Noelle said while sticking her tongue out at her friend and continued to try to persuade Angel to read the first book of the Percy Jackson series. Though Renea thought she would have given up months ago. But one thing was for sure, Noelle was determined. After a few minutes of Angel and Noelle arguing over about the Greek myths, the elevator doors finally opened. Three people were currently standing inside. A teen boy, who was slightly smaller than the others, looked super pale and had dark brown shaggy hair. He was wearing a black skull t-shirt and an aviator jacket and dark black jeans with converses. A black Stygian sword was strapped to his waist which seemed to make the whole space even colder which having a scowl on his features. The Latino boy was wearing a white t-shirt with an orange one underneath and green army jacket with a tool belt strapped to his waist and a pair of dark pair of brown pants that seemed to hold a bunch of pockets while smeared with grease. The Latino's elfish ears poked out of his untamable curly brown hair, a smaller and grumpier man stood awkwardly between the two boys in his fake shoes with a smirk on his face. He was wearing a gray t-shirt with a whistle hanging off his neck and a pair of track pants on. Noelle was the first one to notice the elevator was now now gaping open. But she stopped mid sentence and began to stare doe eyed at the people inside. "Noelle? Earth to Noelle? Are you gonna let them get by? Or are we just going to stare at them like a bunch of morons?" Angel asked confused. 'So what if there were three other people in the elevator, it's just an elevator with people in it. It's not like Noelle has never seen one before. But Noelle kept staring at the people like they were someone who had just handed her a chance of a life time and making her dreams finally coming to pass. "U-um it's a little rude to stare you know. I can't help that I'm beautiful. Though hate to break it to you cupcake, but I'm taken," mumbled the Coach in a grouchy voice. Nico and Leo gave each other a puzzled look and thinking that this can't possibility be them. There was no way in Hades that they found them that easy and on an elevator for that matter. "U-um Renea, you have to see this," Noelle whispered while stuttering slightly, but keeping the gaze at the boys inside as she slapped Renea's arm bring her back from her trance. "What-," Renea said glaring at Noelle for a second who then noticed where Noelle was pointing at. She had directed her finger at the people in the elevator. Renea glanced over toward where Noelle was pointing, the three people in the elevator. "No… freaking… way... Are you guys seeing them too! This can't be real! There is no way. "Renea said dumbfounded while trying to control her pitch. "What's with you guys?" Angel said, "Quit starring at them already and let them by. Geez." Noelle and Renea looked at each other smiling knowing what exactly this meant. That they where indeed demigods. "Nico di Angelo and Leo Valdez," they whispered excitedly to the other. Then they looked back at the clueless Angel with knowing smirks on their face. Nico and Leo looked at each other then at coach, who just shrugged.