" Lonely, that's what I've been." -Waiting for My Ruca by Sublime James rolled out of the entrance at the bottom of the Whomping Willow, panting and covered in sweat; it began to cool as soon as the early morning air hit his skin. Sirius clambered out after him, laughing breathlessly in disbelief with James' Invisibility Cloak in hand. "I never realized how hard it is when we're one man short," he said to James. "What was Wormtail's excuse, anyway?" "Said he hadn't slept much last night, afraid he wasn't going to be of much use if he couldn't keep his eyes open," replied James. He held his hand out to help pull Sirius off of the grass. "You need to lay off the food a bit, mate. You're quite heavy." Sirius rolled his eyes. "Maybe your arms are just tired from fighting off our furry friend tonight. Or maybe you're not as committed to your Quidditch workout regimen as you make everyone think you are." A mock-offended look overtook James' face. "I've been accused of many things, Padfoot, but never being lax about Quidditch. I—" "Yeah, I've heard it a million times, Prongs. You live, breathe and eat Quidditch. You'd probably cut a hole in the quaffle and shag it if we'd let you," Sirius interrupted. "I resent that last bit." Sirius just barked out a laugh, clapping James on the shoulder as they made their way back up to the castle. James groaned in pain. "Don't play rough with me, tonight was rough enough as it is," James whined. "Can't keep up with Moony and I without Wormtail to help out?" "No, with it being the first night of school and all, it's just… a lot," he responded, sighing a little. Sirius rolled his eyes at James once again. "I know that sigh," he said. "That's the 'Lily Evans problem' sigh. That's the pitiful sigh I've heard every day of my miserable existence since fifth year—" "Again, I resent that—" James interrupted. "—and now you have to share a common room with her, alone , and I won't hear the end of it until after we've graduated," Sirius finished, talking louder to drown out James' protests. "Am I right, or am I right?" "Okay, you're right," James snapped, then faltered when he saw Sirius recoil at his tone. "Sorry. It's just… hard, you know? We're friendly now, but…" "But she still doesn't feel that way about you, and you can't just make your feelings magically go away," Sirius finished for him. "Hey, I can be sensitive too, you know," he said in response to James' surprised expression. "I've also heard you talk about your feelings about Evans for the past two years." They stopped in front of the doors to the Entrance Hall while Sirius placed the cloak over James and himself. "We are getting too bloody big to fit under this thing together," Sirius commented as they walked into the castle, trying to avoid stepping on one another's toes. "I've already proposed you go on a diet, Sirius, I don't know what else you could possibly want from me." After walking up several flights of stairs, they went to move in the direction of the Gryffindor common room when James stopped abruptly, the cloak almost slipping off of him completely. "What is it?" Sirius hissed impatiently. "We forgot, I'm not going up to Gryffindor Tower. Remember?" Sirius sighed. "Do you want me to drop you off at the dorm and take the cloak with me?" he proposed. "I've got further to go than you have." "No, it's alright. Lily will probably be asleep, anyway. You're more likely to get caught without it. I haven't got long to go, like you said." James replied. Sirius was apprehensive; they weren't used to having to split up on their little excursions. "Just give me the map in case Filch comes along, it'll be alright. Suppose we'd best get used to doing it like this. We don't have time to be stopping along every floor in the castle." Sirius conceded, and James slipped out from under the cloak after taking the map from him. "Treat her well, mate," James told the empty space where Sirius stood under its shroud of invisibility. A hand stuck out of thin air and gave him a thumbs up before disappearing again. James walked the unfamiliar path back to the Heads' dorms. He supposed he'd get used to it after a few weeks. The dorms were not all that different from the ones he'd stayed in at Gryffindor Tower since his first year. Dumbledore had even informed him, with a little glint in his eyes, that the same rule applied to the staircase to the Head Girl's dorm. James, despite himself, had blushed a bit when the Headmaster had brought it up. Not that he would've tried to get up there, anyhow; Evans would hex him the minute she thought he was trying to intrude on her privacy without her permission. She might give you permission now , James thought to himself before shaking his head. No, we're just friends. Friendly friends who are friendly. No romantic-like things involved. No hand holding, cuddling, kissing… He arrived at the Heads' dorms before that train of thought led him to a cold shower. "Pygmy puff," he whispered to the old wizard in the portrait guarding the entrance. "What a stupid password," he added to himself. Apparently, the old wizard heard him. "Oi, well you're the one who's in this late, aren't you? Quite stupid yourself! You young wizards these days have no respect for—" "Just open the door, please," James cut him off tiredly. "I'm not in the mood to argue with a portrait tonight." The portrait swung out of the way with a huff from the old wizard. The first thing he saw as he walked in was Lily Evans spread out on the longest couch in the common room, her red hair spilling over the edge due to the crooked angle at which her head was resting. James' chest felt tight, like his heart was threatening to burst straight from its cavity right out onto the floor. This is what he would be coming back to for the rest of the school year. He would have to suffer through her looking absolutely adorable and resist making any sort of move on her if he wanted some semblance of a relationship with the girl. She jerked awake when his foot caught on the edge of a rug adorning the carpet next to the couch; he must've subconsciously been moving closer to her. "Potter? What time'sit?" Lily's words slurred together as she woke from what seemed like a short nap. "Er…" James looked down at the watch on his wrist and cringed. "Half-past five." "In the morning?!" she asked incredulously, rising from her place and wincing at the crick that was no doubt in her neck from sleeping in such a position. "What the hell were you doing out at this hour?" "I could ask the same," James stated, attempting to evade the question. He should've known Lily would see right through that. "No, you couldn't, I've been in the dorm. You've been… Merlin knows where," she replied. "Already, James, really? You can't get detention on the first day of school anymore, you're Head Boy." "I wasn't doing… that," he trailed off weakly. "Then what were you doing?" Lily said, confused. She rubbed the sleep out of her eyes and really got a good look at him. She gasped. "James! What did you do to yourself?" "What?" he asked dumbly. "You expect me to believe you weren't out causing trouble when you come in bleeding from your side? James, that looks like a lot of blood…" He looked down at himself and saw the side of his gray t-shirt darkened with what was most definitely his blood. Now that she mentioned it, he was feeling a little lightheaded. Why hadn't Sirius noticed that? Oh, that's right, because I told him Lily would be asleep and here she is, awake and staring at me… He swayed and Lily jumped up to help him take her place on the sofa. Little black spots dotted his vision and he blinked them away as she knelt in front of him. Lily pulled up James' shirt to examine his wound. Although when he became 'James' and not 'Potter,' she wasn't sure. Her mouth fell open at the three gashes that were quite deep on his flank. Blood was flowing out of each; not quickly enough to rush him off to Madame Pomfrey and risk him getting into trouble for whatever happened here, but enough for her to be shocked he had walked so many flights of stairs without passing out. He hissed in pain when she put her fingers too close to one of the openings, and she retracted her hand quickly. "James, what did you do? Is this an enchanted wound of some kind? Can I fix this with a simple healing spell?" She fired off the questions at him one after the other, and he huffed out a laugh before wincing and no doubt regretting the chuckle he had let escape. "A healing spell and some dittany should clear it up in a few hours," James said, as though it was a process he'd performed a million times before. "I've got some dittany up in my case in my dorm. I'd get it, but I don't know that I can make it up there at the mo'," he said lightly, as though joking would make Lily feel better about the situation. She scoffed at his attitude. "I'm going to get it and fix you, but we are going to talk about this, Potter," she demanded, pointing her finger in his face before turning on her heel and up the stairs to his dorm room. In his blood-loss-induced drowsiness he couldn't be bothered to remove his eyes from her arse as she walked away. Lily looked about James' dorm; it was just as tidy as hers was, seeing as neither of them had really set foot in the dorms (other than to drop off their cases) since they got to the castle that morning. His case was already opened at the foot of his bed, and she slid to the ground and began rifling through his items quickly to find the dittany. She blushed deeply when she had to dig through a whole layer of his boxer shorts. Her hand stopped and rested of its own accord on a particularly catching maroon and gold pair that would look great under his Quidditch uniform. Why are you thinking about what's under his Quidditch uniform at a time like this?! Or at all? Get yourself together, Evans! She snatched her hands away from the boxers and kept searching. "Aha!" she cried to herself, raising the dittany into the air in triumph before bounding back down the stairs to James' prone form. His eyebrows were scrunched up in pain, and he was breathing gingerly so as to not disturb the cuts any further. He had taken his shirt off completely while she'd been upstairs; it was lying in a crumpled heap on the floor next to the couch. "How are you feeling?" "Never better," he said sarcastically. "Oi, I'm helping you, aren't I? Don't be a prat," she told him, uncapping the bottle of dittany and applying it to the cuts none too gently. He cried out briefly before clamping his mouth shut. "Fuck," he let out, gritting his teeth. Lily wanted to make a smart remark to him, but she was actually quite worried. The scratches were most certainly from an animal; definitely a large one with sharp claws. If she didn't know better, she'd say they were from a… "James, are these from a werewolf?" she asked bluntly. His eyes snapped open, and he shot up to a sitting position that made him