Disclaimer: None of these characters are mine. Stephenie Meyer owns it all. A/N: This story has a few darker themes and is not suitable for younger readers. If you're uncomfortable with this, then this story might not be for you. Full Summary A few years ago, Bella went through a traumatic experience. She hits rock bottom when she meets her psychiatrist Dr. Cullen. After they spend a night together, Bella wakes up, remembering...nothing. Out of thin air, her cheating ex-boyfriend reveals a dark truth about Bella's one night stand. She is forced to make a few tough decisions, which causes the entire Cullen family to turn against her. Chapter 1 I'm not crazy. I parked my car carefully and took a deep breath. If it weren't for Leah, my very dear friend, I wouldn't even be here. I was certain that I didn't belong here. Because I'm not crazy up there. That's what I kept telling myself. The hospital itself wasn't so very mocking, but it was the fourteenth floor where I was heading that was giving me a hard time. On the fourteenth floor awaited a psychologist for me. I considered leaving and pretending I never made an appointment on this dreaded December the second. I had to cancel work for this! I always worked on Fridays, especially in the mornings. Mike promised me that he was okay with this, with me having an appointment with a psychologist. That was the kind of guy Mike was, always kind and considerate. He was a good friend of mine, but we weren't that close. Still, when he asked bewildered why I needed the morning off, I found myself telling him the truth. He didn't judge. He didn't even look at me as if I was crazy. He only smiled, offered me to entire day off and wished me luck. I made sure to tell him I would arrive at work as soon as possible. I wasn't sure what this morning would be like, but I did know that as soon as it was over, I needed distraction and the best place would be at work. I remained in my car and stared at the enormous hospital building. I didn't want to go inside the hospital. Beside me, another car parked. I only looked, because the car was a flashy, black sports car. Honestly, it was like the blinding sun that people automatically look at for a second, only to get blinded and hurt in the eye. I searched for my phone in my bag, only to see a text from Leah. - Don't you dare! Yes, I know what you're thinking! Go to the appointment. She was right about one thing. I was thinking about leaving and not going to the appointment. My phone slipped and fell somewhere beneath the passenger's seat so I had to lean down and grope around to find it. It was too dark to see, so I was searching blind and touching nearly all spots on the ground, until I finally touched the edge of my phone and took it in my hand. I leaned up again and glanced at the screen. There were no cracks, luckily. This wasn't the best time to break my phone. I couldn't afford a new one. I could barely afford this car, but no way would I sell it. It was a gift from my dad, the last one he ever bought me. My eyes went up as I saw a man in a neat, dark grey suit with a white blouse and black tie walk quickly past my car toward the hospital. I was certain he was the owner of the car. Someone with that car sure could afford a suit as well as the one that he wore. He was handsome, especially his good hair and confidence. He had a walk that told the world he knew that people were looking at him. Apparently, I wasn't the only one who noticed this. He walked past my car and before he'd even taken a few steps away from his car, a tall redhead stepped right in front of him to force him to stand still. She wasn't quick to hesitate in her actions. Her mouth was moving, but most of her body language was doing the work. She leaned forward toward him with a small, inviting smile. He scowled, but only for a moment. They kissed. That easily. Perhaps she was his girlfriend. He was the first to pull back. I noticed his mouth moving and his hand waving to the hospital. Then he started walking, but not before the woman managed to tell him something that made him take out his phone, type something, then put it back in his pocket. She made the sign of an old phone with her thumb and pinkie outstretched, while the other three fingers were bent and placed against the side of her face. I wasn't good at reading lips, but I thought I made out that she said to call him tonight. And I knew from the look on his face that he was considering it. They split and I wondered how easy it was for some people to hook up like that, while for me it was like going through a difficult book in a language you weren't fluent in. I'm not crazy. My appointment was set for eight a.m. which meant I still had half an hour before I had to be at the psychiatrist. I detested waiting. On the first floor was a restaurant-café, which I first visited. I'd rather sit there for a while then on that fourteenth floor, where I really didn't belong. I walked passed the food line and found a tasty looking chocolate doughnut. I took the plate with the pastry and went to the cashier. She was watching the doughnut, then me, then my stomach. I looked down myself, feeling unconscious for a moment. My belly was nearly non-existing, whereas she had nearly no body fat. Her judging eyes kept watching me and I wondered if anyone trained this girl to greet her customers. I wasn't an idiot though. She was insecure. Most girls were. I placed the plate with doughnut on the counter in front of her and smiled brightly. "Hi, can I get a small regular coffee, please? And this doughnut." "Yeah," she replied coolly, taking a cup and placing it under the coffee machine. I was searching for my wallet in my backpack. It wasn't where I usually put it. "Hey, there." Automatically, I looked up, but the greeting wasn't directed to me. That same man I saw at the parking lot stood in the line as well. He was being eyed by a blonde, thirty-something lady. "Hi," he responded, though his face was turned away from mine. I didn't hear the rest of a conversation, perhaps they spoke very silently, but I noticed something that caused my cheeks to turn red and my head to snap back to the insides of my bag. Her hand had reached his upper leg, then slowly she'd brought it up until she palmed him, between his legs. Was she seriously attempting sex in public? In a restaurant cafeteria? In the morning? At the hospital? And I was wondering if I'm crazy? Trying to block that image, I searched the entire bag and by the time the cashier had put the coffee on my tray and told me the price, I looked through my bag one more time. I saw a few discarded dollars, but it wasn't enough to pay for both the doughnut and coffee. I placed the three dollars on the counter. I was short on two dollars and fifty cents. "Some people are so slow," that same lady's voice muttered in anger behind me. I ignored her and looked at the cashier instead. "Sorry, but I forgot my wallet. How much for just the coffee?" "I can't place the doughnut back, can I?" she asked condescendingly. "You've already touched it." "Yeah, the plate, but not-" "It's been touched," she screeched. I stared at her, realizing that arguing wouldn't help me. "Alright, how much for just the doughnut then?" "And what about the coffee?" she said instead. "Am I supposed to put the used beans back in the machine, am I now?" I opened my lips at her ridiculous comment. "I'm sorry," I started. "But I forgot my wallet and this is all I have. Can't you please come up with some solution for me? I'm like, what? A dollar and fifty cents short? This can't be the first time you've encountered with someone who couldn't pay." "True," she said with tight lips. "I would show them the way to the exit." "That's very unfriendly of you," I stated. "Do I look like I care?" "You're mean." I heard a heavy sigh coming from the woman behind me. Why was she irritated? Just a minute ago, she was attempting sex with the stranger man. "I am a patient here, so you can hardly kick me out," I continued. She watched me up and down, as if she didn't believe me. "You're holding the line," that same voice from behind me said. "Trust me," I said, turning my head, but barely looking at whom was talking to me, "I'm trying to get away from here as soon as I can." "You look like you belong in the psych ward. It's on the fourteenth floor, sweetheart." Sweetheart... The word to me was like poison. My hand formed into a fist and I nearly struck her. I swear, I would have, if it wasn't for someone's hand engulfing my fist. My eyes involuntarily went up to the man in the suit. Suddenly I saw very much grey. Mr. Grey. Until I noticed his eyes. Two emeralds, shamelessly gazing at me. I was staring back. When did the room get so hot? "Easy," he muttered with the ghost of a smile. I tensed up when I realized what he now knew; I'd been about to get violent. With a quick jerk, I freed my hand and stepped back, ashamed. No, I was mortified. I breathed heavily, but tried to keep it at a low tone. Had I really been about to strike that woman? I'm not crazy. "How would you know it's on the fourteenth floor?" he asked, glancing back to the woman, directing his words to her. Good one. I wagered a look in her direction, afraid she would call me for my moment of insanity. But strangely, she didn't. She must not have seen what Mr. Grey did. What a great convenience. With an angry sigh, the woman stomped off angrily. I never saw where the ten-dollar bill between his fingers came from. All I saw was his hand extended beside me, holding the bill out to the cashier. "Add a coffee and a chocolate cookie to her list," he said, shifting his eyes to the cashier beside me. "And keep the change." He said the last bit in a tone that also mentioned that she should be ashamed of herself. Before I could even object, he took my tray as well as his and placed them both on a table against the window. He turned his relaxed body to me. His hands were in his pockets. "Do you speak?" he asked. He raised an eyebrow when I blinked. "Yeah..." "But?" he asked, recognizing there was a but . It was hard to explain to him that I'd seen him on the parking lot, getting kissed and receiving a phone number for a possibly booty call tonight. On top of that, I'd seen a different girl grab his male member in public, something even more intimate than a kiss. Not to forget, he had seen what I'd been about to do! I almost hit that woman because of my own personal issues! I'm not crazy! Despite that this man was very hot, because of