Chapter One. PART I: THE TRIBUTES. The Reaping. The early morning sea was calm and peaceful. Spraying from the cold morning sea is carried by the gentle breeze pastes my face and dampens my short hair. District 4 is Panem's fishing districts and its soul purpose of existence is to fish and harvest our large range of fish for the people of the Capitol. Thankfully, I have an undying love for the water and my biggest strength is swimming which is probably why I am aloud to work on the weekends on the fishing crew. In the palm of my hand, the handle of my short bladed knife is gripped firmly by my fingers but I wasn't planning on capturing or gutting any helpless creatures, certainly not today of all days, but a strange sense of comfort fills me knowing I have a weapon of choice if the worst should happen. Reaping day is the one day of the year that is dreaded by all twelve to eighteen-year-olds along with the families of these children as over the period of several hours, twenty-four families will say goodbye to their child or siblings, as over the space of several weeks, twenty-three will bury their children after they watch them die. Siblings will lose their play-mates and girlfriends/boyfriends will lose their other half's. You become eligible for the reaping the day you turn twelve. That year, your name is entered once into the pool of names. At thirteen, twice and so on and so on until you reach eighteen, the last year of eligibility when your name goes into the pool a total of seven times. That is true for every citizen in all twelve districts in the entire county of Panem. However, the poorer districts such as 11 and 12 many young children who are starving or struggling can opt to add their name more times into the pool in exchange for tesserae,which involves a year supply of grain and oil for on person. Due to Michael's Victor statues, we do not need to opt for anything, we have more money than we need, so this year, at the age of sixteen, my name is entered six times. Each of the twelve districts are required to reap one male and one female called tribute who will be taken to the Capitol, trained and interviewed before being placed into a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. In this arena is where these twenty-four tributes will be forced to fight to the death until only one if left alive. The Victor. I wasn't far from the wooden docks of the harbour when a distant voice calls my name causing me to drag away my attention away from the outstretch of sea laced with mist, I turned my head towards the building of my district to see at the edge of the dock walkway was the Harbour Manager, Louis, waving frantically beckoning me to the shore. A burst of air released from my lungs turning into condensation once passed my lips giving me the childish feel that I was a dragon before I slipped my knife back onto my leather pouch then concealing it in the pocket of my black trench coat. I pulled the cord at the front of the small engine revving it to life with a splatter before they evened out to push the wooden holder to the wooden docks. "How come your up so early; don't you know what day it is?" Louis asks offering me a helping hand out of the boat. Reaping day is the only day throughout Panem that everyone lays in and no one shows up for work. Time along with all life seems to stand still within the districts as very family tries to value what could be the last hours with their children. I shrug lightly, "Couldn't sleep." I admit to him, it isn't unnatural for children to have poor night sleeps including nightmares before reaping, "What are you doing up?" I ask as we walk up the dock together. Louis has no children but a wife named Lucy, I suspect the reason they have no children due to fear of them getting reaped. He shrugs like I did before fixing his dirty blonde hair which is hidden beneath a dark blue, tattered woollen hair. He more leather boots to his knees with jeans and a long overcoat made from thin material as it is slightly humid despite the early hours. He slaps my shoulder in a friendly manor, "Me neither, kiddo." he says as he leads me inside the wooden cabin at the edge of the harbour. This small space acted as a hangout for fishermen, alcohol is hidden beneath a section of the floorboards, this spare space is used as a staff room, at the beginning of the day the workers come in and dump their belongings before trailing off to the ships, then at the end of a hard day, drinks are on the house. I take a seat at one of the circular lunch tables watching Louis as he flicks the kettle on before preparing two cups then taking the seat opposite me. My father died when I was six, an accident whilst fishing during a storm took him away from us, but luckily by then I was well known amongst the group and despite not being any help to them, I was still allow to go out on jobs if the weather was nice and calm. In fact, the men on-board the fishing crew nicknamed me Starfish, never really made sense to me either but people say that the reason for my pageboy haircut was due to the dominate male surroundings growing the age of fourteen, my mother remarried leaving me at the mercy of my elder brother Michael who is a Hunger Games victor from three years previous, so from the age of thirteen I have been living inside Victor's Village. "Nervous?" Louis asks me as he slides a mug of steaming hot tea across the tented tabletop to me. I scoff lightly squeezing the cup tightly, "Is the Earth round?" I ask him. Louis laughs nervously with me. Only Districts 1 and 2 tributes aren't nervous about the reaping's, most are volunteers and are trained before hand which technically is illegal but it does happen here in Four as well. Finnick Odair is a perfect example of a pre-trained tribute as he won his games at fourteen. Youngest Victor ever. Growing up in the third wealthiest district does have its perks, no poverty, good schooling and money making jobs which naturally makes important muscles which as our arms, back and legs healthier. Plus our tributes are usually Capitol favourites which gets us good sponsors which helps them last longer in the Games. Lost in thought I looked up to see Louis looking at me through his emerald green eyes, I raised my half full cup of tea in a toasting gesture. "Happy Hunger Games!" I say in a gruff, low voice in an attempt to sound like Panem's President Snow. "And may the odds be ever in your favour!" Louis says in an hilarious high-pitched, fake Capitol accent in a very well done impersonation to sound like District 4's escort Dieter Rollo. We fall into a pit of hysteric laughter before finishing our drinks in an abrupt silence before I give Louis a thankful smile before pushing out my chair from beneath me and standing up. Despite the reaping not being until two I am in need of a very good shower and to find something other than jeans and short sleeved shirts to wear as you are required to be formally dressed to the reaping. "I will see you at the reaping." I say before stepping over to the door and taking the handle in my hand then turning back to look at Louis. "Make sure you wear something pretty. And don't forget to come see your fishing family after." he says with a positive smile, I grin back. Victor's Village is on the outskirts of District 4, on the opposite side of the harbour. The city center is silent as I plod through with my hands tucked inside my coat pockets. District 4 has a strange pride of remembering fallen and winning tributes. Two stone pyramids are placed at the back of the city center, one with plaques naming lost tributes and the year of their games. The other stone pyramid names the tributes who have become victors, including the year of their game date. So far there was only two female names on the victor pyramids: Mags Cohen – 13 th Hunger Games and Annie Cresta – 70 th Hunger Games. The pyramid also houses the names of two male Victors including my brother: Michael Hollern – 81 st Hunger Games and Finnick Odair – 65 th Hunger Games. Our house in Victor's Village is the second house on the right, coincidently it is number four. Across from us Mags lives with her husband in number three and Finnick and Annie live in number two to our left. Sometimes I hear Annie scream at night, she begs for her life and asks for her district partner back in her sleep. That is what The Games do to you. They take everything you are and turn your sanity upside-down, all to prevent another uprising, to make us all remember we are completely at the mercy of the Capitol and if we step out of line, firebombs will wipe us and everyone we love away and plough us under the ground like they did District 13. Michael is asleep still when I sneak in locking the door behind myself. I remove my boots before doing the same to my coat, I took the knife from the pocket of the coat before placing them by the front door. The stairs creak beneath my feet as I tiptoe up them and pass my brothers bedroom like a cat, trying my best not to disturb him. Michael's heavy snores fill the landing's atmosphere masking my movements. The snores are silenced by the closing of my thick wooden door. The room behind the door was large considering how little it contained. Opposite the door way pressed up the wall below the bay windows was my double bed, its bedsheets are neatly tucked in their correct positions, to the beds left next to my small en-suite bathroom was a desk that served no purpose expect holding my school bag and above it was a shelve which was decorated in family photos and my favourite books, to the right of my bed along the wall was a wardrobe, full length mirror and dressing table. I throw my pocket knife onto my bed before pealing off my damp clothing and throwing them into the hamper inside the bathroom to stand naked waiting for the water being released from the shower head to turn warm. Once it had, I stood motionless under the water as the heat soothes and loosens my muscles. I run the flat palm my hands from the front of my hairline to the base of my skull flattening and draining all the excess water from my hair strands. I step out of the bathtub and wrap a towel around my body before adventuring back into my bedroom to pick out a dress for the reaping. My damp hands wonder over the soft fabric which makes up the three dresses that hung neatly in my wardrobe. I remove the simplest dress from the unit which happens to be a dark blue garment and held it in front of my body to study my image in the dirty mirror beside it. The dress comes just below my knees with short sleeves that are laced with white lace for decoration around the neckline. I breath in deeply before releasing it gently as I place