This is going to be one big one-shot. I might have used parts of it in the Random One-shots one, but I'm adding in extra bits from an old one-shot that I didn't post. Lots of stuff happening, so if it's confusing, I'm sorry, but it's all from different one-shots and not originally written to match up :P Percy Jackson and co aren't mine, but Louisa is my OC and blah blah blah… "Oh gods, I'm so dead." Percy chuckled. Annabeth glanced over her shoulder. It looked like Percy's younger twin sister had spotted him and she had decided to break up the Percabeth reunion. "Have you got your hat?" Percy asked quietly. "She's your sister!" Annabeth scolded good-humouredly. "She's violent." Percy paused. "Very violent- did I tell you what she did to that Ares kid?" "No… tell me later." Louisa had reached them. "Hey, sis, how're you doing?" "I hate you." Percy bit his lip, smiling. "Ya left for eight months 'n' had Blondie here cryin' her eyes out every bloody night, basically been a complete pain in the arse 'n' all ya have ta say is 'hey sis, how're ya doin'?" "Uh, yeah pretty much." Louisa fixed him with a mild glare. Percy shrugged. "What'd you want me to say?" "Ow." "Ow?" She lunged. "No, bad Lou!" The twins started fighting, Percy laughing while Louisa called him every name under the sun in a mix of Ancient Greek, Latin and English. Annabeth stood back and grinned. As much as their constant fighting annoyed her, it was good to see them together again. The demigods Percy had been standing with, a dark-skinned girl with curly hair and a muscular boy with a bit of baby face, stared at the twins in amazement and disbelief. The girl looked at Annabeth, struggling to form a question. "Are- are they OK? Do they need medication or something?" "Um, no, they're good. Just a twin reunion." "They're twins?" The boy asked. "I never knew Percy had a twin." "I thought he'd be taller." Annabeth looked round and saw Leo watching the bickering Poseidon siblings with interest and curiosity. "Hey." He grinned, noticing Annabeth watching him. "I thought you were staying with the ship." "I was. But I thought I'd be nice and come say 'hi'. Oh, and Jason got lost too." Leo turned and pointed. Jason and Piper had just climbed off the ship and were now walking towards them. "Jason?" Frank said. "No way." "Yes way, uh… what's your name?" "Frank." "Leo." Leo extended his hand, grinning cheekily. Frank shook it warily, noticing out of the corner of his eye that Hazel was torn between awe and fear while staring at Leo. Leo noticed too, his grin faltering. "Have I seen you before?" Hazel shook her head. Leo frowned in thought, but was distracted by Annabeth suddenly deciding to break up the twins. "Twins! No, Lou, put the knife away!" Leo went to help as well. Frank looked at Hazel. "Do you know that guy?" "Um… I- Sammy…" Hazel twisted her fingers in her hair. "Ooh, this is confusing." Frank stared at her blankly, but there was a glimmer of worry in his eyes. "I'll tell you later." She said, but she didn't sound too promising. "Hey, that's mine!" Louisa protested. "Leo, get off, I want ma knife back." "Well, you're not having it back." "But it's mine ." "You tried to stab your brother in the face. You are not having it back." Louisa glared at Leo over her shoulder as he tried to pull her away from killing Percy. "Well, that's his fault." "You attacked him." "He disappeared!" "Technically, no. Hera kidnapped him." "Don't ya start gettin' technical with me, Valdez!" Hazel tensed. Sammy Valdez… Leo Valdez… oh gods… Jason and Piper finally turned up. Romans started pointing at Jason and a few started cheering, which encouraged the rest of them. Jason smiled sheepishly, but he seemed relax, finally home. Reyna appeared on Scipio, glancing at Jason and Piper's joined hands with a brief look of disgust. "Welcome home, Jason." "Hello, Reyna." He smiled. She returned it, but it seemed forced. "No, Lou!" Louisa had broken free of Leo's arms and had run at her brother again. "Oh for… I give up." But instead of tackling her brother, Louisa attempted to break his ribs in a hug. Percy seemed a bit surprised at first, as did everyone who knew Louisa, but he grinned and hugged his sister back. "See, there was no need for violence." Louisa smirked. Annabeth noticed and a sense of dread and humour washed over her. Percy seemed to realise his sister was plotting something and shifted his arms so that hers were pinned to her sides. Louisa squirmed. "Damn you!" She protested. "You are not flooring me." Percy smirked. Louisa got an arm free and punched him in the chest. Instantly she was free and triumphant. "Annabeth beat you to it." Annabeth sighed and stepped between the two. Reyna was watching bemusedly. "Don't even ask." Annabeth sighed, smiling. Reyna just nodded, casting a wary eye over the twins. The Greeks had settled in well. Leo seemed to get on with just about everybody except that weird guy who carried teddies everywhere. It wasn't Leo's fault he had an ADHD moment and asked if the guy was going on a teddy bear picnic. Hazel was another issue too. She kept saying 'Sa-Leo', starting to call him one name and then quickly switching to his proper name or she would be really awkward around him. See, Leo was a nice guy. Da ladies didn't need to feel awkward around him. Roman food wasn't as good as his tofu burgers or his tacos, but it was nice . He, Percy, Louisa, Annabeth, Jason, Piper, Hazel and Frank sat around one table with Romans popping over to say 'hi' or 'welcome back' to Jason occasionally. Unwisely, the twins were sitting next to each other and started having a chicken leg fight. Annabeth just rolled her eyes and continued eating. There was no stopping the twins- she had found them earlier hurling water and ice spheres at each other and that was a fight she didn't want to break up. Annabeth sat on Percy's left with Leo on her other side. Piper sat next to Leo on the adjoining, low down sofa, Jason tucking into food next to her. Frank and Hazel sat next to the newly reinstated praetor- Percy said orange suited him better than purple. Jason wore the praetor's cape while Percy had returned to a new Camp Half Blood T-shirt. Reyna dropped by at some point, just in time to see Louisa disarm her brother of his chicken leg sword. Percy looked at the chicken leg as it lay miserably and lonely on the floor. "That was my lunch." "Should've thought 'bout that before ya started fightin'." "You started it." "No, you started it." Annabeth cleared her throat pointedly. She did not want to listen to one of those arguments either. Percy and Louisa looked at her before noticing Reyna hovering to the side. "Reyna, what's up?" Louisa asked casually. "Just checking that everything's OK." She looked round at them all. "I'm here. Of course everythin's gonna be OK." "Yeah." She said disbelievingly. Reyna moved off again. Ten minutes later, Leo declared that they should see who could come up with the most cringe-worthy thing to say. He looked at Frank and said, "Uranus is a planet." "That's not cringe-worthy, that's mean." Louisa grinned. "Attaboy, Valdez." "I don't get it." Frank frowned. "Uranus is a planet." Leo repeated calmly. Percy and Louisa sniggered. Even Annabeth and Hazel smiled. "Stop being mean, repair boy ." "Oy, that's Supreme Commander of the Argo Two to you, beauty queen ." Piper glared at him. "I've got one." Louisa smiled. "Oh gods…" Percy sighed. "I'll tell you first, bro." "Please don't." "Ya don't have a choice. Come 'ere." The twins put their heads together and Louisa quietly told Percy, whispering behind her hand. Percy's smile slowly faltered, turning into a sickly look of disgust. Louisa sat back proudly, smirking as her brother pushed his lunch away. "Oh my gods, what did you tell him?" Percy shook his head. "You don't wanna know." He mumbled. "Oh, Lou, you've scared him." Annabeth smiled. "Oopsie." "Tell me what it is!" "No, don't." Louisa got up and forced her brother to budge over so she could sit next to Annabeth. Again, she told Annabeth quietly, hiding what she was saying with her hand. Annabeth closed her eyes and shook her head. "I told you so." Percy laughed nervously. "Who does that?" "I know right?" Louisa smirked. "Shift ya ass, I'm gonna tell Leo." "No, don't tell Leo." "Yes, tell Leo." Leo said. Louisa got up again and Annabeth reluctantly moved over. She and Percy looked tortured. Unlike Percy and Annabeth, Leo kept his face mildly amused, even after Louisa had sat back. He didn't move, staring off into space. "I'm sorry; I'm having a hard time believing that." He said as casually as he could. "Move." Louisa went around the group and told all of them, leaving them all pushing their lunches away and feeling sick. "What's going on?" "Octavian!" "Don't tell him, Lou!" Percy demanded. "No, it's Octavian. Tell him." Hazel insisted. Louisa jumped up and stood next to Octavian, talking to him in low tones. "That's messed up." "So is your face." Louisa said instantly. Octavian scowled. It was clear he was expecting some form of apology, but Louisa missed that memo. Octavian stalked off, quickly being replaced with Reyna. "What did you say?" "Don't tell her!" Many of Louisa's friends ordered. "Don't tell me what?" "You don't want to know." Jason said. "Try me." "Alright then." Louisa took Reyna aside. "Right, in high school, there was this girl I hated. She did the latest craze thing 'n' watched this film called Teeth. Uh, basically, it's a film 'bout this woman that's got teeth in her…" Louisa made a downward gesture and Reyna looked horrified. "I'm gettin' to the worst bit- uh, this girl said that havin' teeth down there would be a good protection thingy against, well, rape ." She mouthed the last word. "She wanted teeth… down there?" Louisa nodded. Reyna looked pale. "Why?" "I don't know. But it was great fun ta pass on ta others 'n' she got the piss taken out of her big time." Reyna shook her head and walked off. Louisa grinned. "I love bein' me." Leo leant on the railings of the Argo II, staring down at the fields and the odd small house passing by beneath them. Everyone else was sitting in the room behind him, their laughter drifting through the open door. Everything below him looked so peaceful and otherworldly. It didn't seem right. Then again, nothing had seemed right since his mother had died. A lump rose in his throat and his eyes stung. He shook his head and sniffed, getting a mild control over his emotions. He noticed that his hands were shaking and decided to focus on his ship instead. It was brilliant. Everyone loved it. "Leo?" Leo glanced round. "Hey, Lou." "What're ya doin' out here?" "Just getting some air." "You OK?" "Fine." "Bull. What's the matter?" "Tired." Leo lied. She hummed disbelievingly and stood next to him, folding her arms across the railing. Leo was aware that her shoulder was very near his, confusing him slightly. Louisa was his best friend and he did like her, obviously, but there was also Calypso… "What's the matter?" "I'm tired." "'N' I'm the president." "Gods help us." They stood in silence for a short while. Leo sighed and rested his head on her shoulder. "Ever feel lonely in a crowded room?" "Mm-hm." Louisa nodded. "Why does that happen? So many people, but you feel lonely anyway." Louisa didn't answer, chewing her lip. "I know I'm not the easiest person to be around,