I own nothing but my OCs. This is set at Frazel's wedding, but it is mostly Leoisa. And this is partially why I had disappeared for so long. I've been working on this to almost 27000 words. Might carry it on as one long fic or might break it up into smaller fics. Haven't decided yet. Louisa gave a double thumbs-up. Annabeth and Piper tutted at her. "What? Ya'll know I ain't good with dresses. Sorry Hazel." Luckily, the bride found it funny. Louisa stuck her tongue out at the bridesmaids, caught off guard when Hazel touched her elbow. "Confession time." Piper grinned. Louisa squinted at her. "We've got you one too." "Ya got me a what too?" In response, Annabeth plucked at her skirts, smirking. "Ah hell no." The dresses Piper and Annabeth wore were a silky material of pastel blue, bunched at the waist and tumbling to their knees, a rounded neckline melting into two straps over the shoulders. It companioned well with their fairer hair, which Piper had fashioned into an eloquent twisted bun with curls tickling their necks. Louisa's hair was not as fair or as tame and dresses were not her thing. Especially figure-hugging ones. Warning bells thundered in her mind, clanking relentlessly when they pulled a matching dress from the cupboard. "You can't wear your usual get-up at Frazel's wedding!" Piper insisted. "And don't come out with any bull about guarding the place. We're in New Rome, there are legions everywhere." Annabeth flipped her a stern look. "You need a day off and Hazel wants you to be a bridesmaid." Louisa flexed her fingers. "Oh, Lou, please." Hazel pulled on her arm. "As a wedding gift to me? Please?" She smiled sweetly, golden eyes wide and pleading. If anyone else tried that, Louisa would have put her foot down with them under it. Hazel… had privileges. "I hate you." Louisa told them. Hazel beamed. "Lemme go loo first though." "OK." Hazel agreed, crushing her cousin in a grateful hug. "If you do a runner, we'll ban you from the buffet." "I hate you more." Louisa wiggled free and left, trying not to hurry herself. She could hear them chattering excitedly behind the door, cursing as she started down the hall. "Dammit dammit dammit." Delving into her pocket, she decided to ring Leo. Leo was smart. He would know what to do. "'Lo?" Leo answered. She could hear his smile in his tone. "Where are you?" "My room? Why?" "Anyone with ya?" "No. Also why?" "Two minutes. Don't move." Louisa hung up and picked up her pace. Leo had left the door open a fraction, letting her slip in. He was sat on his bed, confused. "Slight problem." She told him, pushing the door shut firmly. "Oh?" "Ya know that lil' tiny thing we're hidin' from everyone?" "Lil' tiny thing you're harbouring in there?" He pointed at her stomach. "I've heard of it. Why? Does someone know?" "No, but they might." Louisa sighed, pushing her hands through her hair. Leo rose, holding his arms out. Louisa crossed into them, grumbling Greek curses into his shoulder. "Apparently, I'm one of Hazel's bridesmaids. Yeah, I know." She added at his bewilderment. "I have ta wear a dress, but that means they're gonna see." "Is that so bad?" "I thought you were lookin' forward to the, quote-unquote, 'prank-of-the-century'?" "I was. I mean, I am. But I would also like to just be us… anywhere, you know? It will at least stop Piper giving me advice on how to get you to date me." Seeing her hesitation, he touched her cheek gently. "How bad will it be?" As form of answer, she clenched a handful of her shirt against the small of her back. "Ah." Leo said. The T-shirt was just loose enough to give her the covering she required; anything tighter made things a bit… obvious. His hands dropped to feel the bump, excitement flooding his veins. A nudge on his palm and his hair went up in flames. "Sorry, sorry." He hastily patted the fire. "But you felt that too, right?" He crouched down. "Hello in there." He beamed, passing a hand over her tummy again. At another little kick, "Padre loves you too." Louisa's hand in his hair. She let her T-shirt fall back into place, though Leo's hand remained, counting the kicks. "What do you want me to do?" "I don't know." She sighed. Leo gripped her hand and pulled himself up, looping his arm round her waist. The baby pressed a kick to his hip. Her thumbs traced over his upper arms, brushing the material of his sleeves back and forth. He was not built like any of his more Hephaestian siblings, but the muscle he did have was warm and lean, somewhat reassuring in sync with his renewed wood-smoke musk. "Talk to me, chica." He requested softly, laying a gentle kiss on her forehead. His lips tickled her skin as he talked, "What's on your mind?" Her voice was barely audible, trembling. Leo had to duck his head to hear. "Percy will go for you." "You don't kn- we might catch him in a good mood." Leo hunched his shoulders. Her fingers dug into his arms. "Have you not got a jacket or something? If you're so worried-" Loud knocking cut him off. Leo sighed. He could see the irritation flit through her eyes as she drew away. Leo kept hold of her hand, shining a smile. "It'll be alright." He breathed. "You came by for food." From his tool belt, he gave her a Mars bar. "Leo!" Jason knocked again. Leo answered with a silly noise of protest. "Hey." Jason smiled. "Hey, Lou. Oy, where's my chocolate?" "'Uck o'." Louisa manged around her mouthful. "Duck off." Leo translated, ignoring her annoyed grunt. "What's up?" "Well, Lou told the women she was going to the bathroom. They said to tell you that you know what will happen if you do a runner." Jason shot his cousin a quizzical look over Leo's head. Louisa shook her head fiercely, waving her Mars at him. "Fair enough. I have been told to wait and walk you back though." Louisa swallowed and scowled. "Sounds great." Leo said before she swore again. "How's Frank?" "Hiding as a gerbil under the dresser in his room. Could you try talking to him?" "Yeah. Sure." Jason stood aside to let Leo pass. Louisa glowered, stuffing her face with the last of the treat. The baby wiggled about, as it always did when she had chocolate. Its favourite was a Kit Kat. "Lou, come on! We've got ten minutes!" "Have you put the dress on the right way around?" Piper called, drumming her fingers on the door. Louisa made a face at her reflection, eyeing up the window again. Annabeth would have had that covered. Short of smashing the ceiling, floor or a wall, Louisa was running out of options. "Lou, I still need to do your hair!" Louisa turned slightly and sighed. The dress was tight anyway, but it pulled on her midriff. It probably would have fit her better a few months ago. Cursing she slung her- well, Leo's jacket- around her shoulders, gathering the rest of her clothes. That would help a little, but she couldn't walk around all afternoon with dirty clothes hiding a baby bump no-one knew about. "I don't like this." She told them, opening the door. "We thought as much, so we got you this." Piper held out a white soft cotton cardigan. "I know white doesn't stay white with you, but it's a wedding." Louisa took it with her left, careful to hold her clothes in her right. She dragged her feet across the room, grumbling. To change, she kept her back to them, dropping her clothes and quickly swapping her- Leo's- jacket for the new garment. "You need to stop going to Leo for chocolate." Hazel remarked. Louisa folded the cardigan over her front, crossing her arms to keep it in place. "It goes right to the hips." Hazel poked her, smiling bemusedly. Louisa felt the baby hit back, biting her lip. "Go and sit. Piper needs to do your hair." When Louisa didn't move, Hazel tugged on her wrist. "I still don't like you." She muttered, plonking herself down. Piper popped up, grinning. She never got to play with Louisa's hair. "Lou, relax. You look nice. And you'll look even nicer when I'm done." Piper pulled Louisa's hairbands out, accepting a brush from Annabeth. Louisa didn't relax. She sat with her arms still hiding herself with her outer layer, shoulders hunched, legs crossed at the ankles. They had given her black translucent tights to wear, but they were making her legs itch. Piper worked quickly, humming to herself and smiling every so often. Louisa hated this. Piper held up a can. "Don't breathe." She said, squeezing her customer's shoulder. Louisa automatically demanded why. A second later, Piper was trying to gas her. "It's hairspray!" Annabeth laughed, waving at Louisa in a meant-to-be comforting way. "Not everyone is out to attack you." "Ya'd be surprised." Louisa muttered, coughing seconds later. "Done." Piper beamed, chucking the can over her shoulder. Louisa stood and hopped away, searching frantically for fresh air. Faint music reached them. "Just in time too. Come on, Hazel, let's get you hitched." Leo stood behind Frank. For some strange reason, he was the best man. He had Frank ask him four times before he realised it was a serious question. "Are you sure you don't want Percy or Jason or Nico or literally anyone else up here?" "Leo, we've been over this three million times. I asked you. Now shush." "Why did you ask me though? You're not going to be sick, are you?" Leo fished in his tool belt. "My vomit bags are numbered. You get two, so make it worthwhile. Hey, you asked me . You don't get to dish out judgemental looks." The music changed. Leo frowned up at an overhead speaker, taking a step to the right. If that fell, it could crush some other poor bugger. "Oh gods…" He heard Frank say. "Dude, you can turn into a dragon. Be the dragon. In spirit. Do not murder innocent people, breathe fire or hoard shiny expensive things in a dark cave." "Look at her." Frank sighed dreamily. Leo looked round. Hazel was walking herself down the aisle, festooned in a flawless white dress. The skirts floated about her, cascading to the floor, reminding Leo of a cloud. Holding her train was something a bit more interesting. Louisa had the end of the train bundled to her stomach, staring straight ahead. She wore the same blue dress as Piper and Annabeth, except they had no cardigan. And Louisa wore no shoes. Judging by her fellow bridesmaids' footwear, heels had been the subject of dispute. Her eyes came into focus and she made a face at Leo. Leo smiled. "She's… great." Frank said. "Mmm." Leo hummed distractedly. Frank looked at him, but Leo wasn't paying attention to him. "Yeah, pretty great." "If you like her so much-" "Mm? What?" Leo puzzled, coming back to earth. "What?" "Lou." "What about Lou?" "Just ask her out." "And be hung, drawn and quartered by Percy?" Leo shook his head. "It's your day, Frank. Look." He gestured. Frank turned back as Hazel climbed the steps. Leo looked to Louisa. She billowed Hazel's train and then stood to one side, hands over her stomach. Leo bit his lip, a secretive smile tipping up the corners of his mouth. A phantom pressure on his palm, his smile broadened. He couldn't wait to have his little Valdez. Glancing around, he saw his friends from Camp Half-Blood, quite a few people from Camp Jupiter that he only knew by sight. Reyna and Nico were sat in the front row, playing with a paper chatterbox. Sally and Paul were next to them, Tobias and Max with them; Max,