A rather late follow-up to the Mistletoe one-shot. Again, I own nothing. Happy New Year everyone! "Dude, get it together. It's been, what, two weeks?" Jason patted Leo's shoulder. His elfish friend could only mumble and nod, head in hands. "Just go and talk to her. Look, she's there." He pointed. Leo didn't even look, shifting backwards until he was hiding behind Jason's legs. The blond sighed. "You're being very toddler-ish for a love-struck teen." "I'm not love-struck. I'm terrified." "It's Lou ." "Exactly." Leo plonked his head on Jason's calf. "Just kill me now." A burst of swearing cut off whatever Jason was going to say. There was a thud and then panicked yelling. Leo peered round Jason's leg worriedly. Louisa was having another dispute with an Ares child, barely taller than their elbow. She probably weighed as much as the boy's arm, but that didn't deter her. "What now?" Jason took a step forward. Leo panicked and grabbed the closest leg. Jason flailed and went down. "You're my bodyguard, you're not leaving! Also, are you OK? You're my bodyguard, you need to be OK." "Peachy." Jason muttered, spitting out grass. He managed to get his leg free, frowning at Leo. "She's your best friend." "That doesn't make her any less scary." Leo's gaze slid past his friend and he put his head down. Jason looked round. Percy was getting between his sister and her latest quarrel. Jason could never figure out which twin scared Leo, but he knew both of them was a definite no-no. It took a minute, but Percy eventually directed his sister away. He saw Jason and Leo still sat on the ground. Jason waved. Percy gave him a quick nod, glared at Leo and marched Louisa back to Cabin Three. Jason looked at Leo. "Oh, don't. I know, OK? I know I'm being a major chicken, but I can't . If you keep looking at me like that, I'm going to add some burns to that stupid scar of yours." "No need to get violent." Jason shook his head. "Send her some flowers or something." "Tried that. She weaved them into a very rude hand gesture and left them on my bed." "See, now I'm thinking that's Lou's way of saying have some backbone." "Or Lou's way of saying unmentionable things that are physically impossible." "You don't know t-" Jason began. Leo's expression soured defiantly. "OK, fine. You know Lou better than the rest of us, so yeah. Let's just say that, even though she kissed you in front of the entire camp, she wants absolutely nothing to do with. Don't like that, do you?" "True though." "He's not still sulking, is he?" Piper quizzed, plopping herself down next to Jason. "Leo, go talk to her. You've ignored her for two weeks." "I haven't ignored her." Leo countered. Piper pressed her lips together. "I've avoided her, there's a difference. It's not a big difference, but there's a difference all the same. I can't go and talk to her. She'll skin me alive and hang my head on her wall!" "Isn't that why you liked her in the first place?" "Yeah, but it was your head in question. My head is a bit more precious." Leo glared at his hands. Piper and Jason exchanged bemused glances. "What are the chances of my moving to another country?" Piper tutted. She was on her feet in a heartbeat. Leo yelped at her iron grip, instinctively pulling away. Piper yanked him up regardless. "Jason. Jason, help me! Jason, she's your girlfriend, stop her. She's gone savage!" Leo looked pleadingly at his friend. Jason hunched his shoulders. "Damn your soul, Jason Grace. I will haunt you until your dying days and I will haunt you in the afterlife!" "Oh please." Piper scoffed. "If anyone is going to haunt that idiot, it's me. Now get a move on, I'm a busy woman." "You don't do anything to be busy." Leo remarked sulkily. Piper cut him a cold look. Leo fumed silently. "If Percy's there as well, I'm as good as dead. You know that, don't you?" She ignored him. "You're not invited to my funeral." Leo proceeded to grumble, dragging his feet. He had learnt that Piper and Hazel had spent too much time around the likes of Annabeth and Louisa and vice-a-versa. Piper hopped neatly up the steps to Cabin Three, knocking smartly on the door. She called out for Percy in a sing-song voice- "it's your favourite very distant cousin!" She beamed. "At least I think it's cousin! And I've got your step-second-cousin here too!" "Step-second-cousin?" Percy asked through the door. Piper waited. Percy's curiosity got the better of him and he cracked the door open. "No, don't want him." "Well, he's with me." "Don't want you then." "I'll get Annabeth." Piper warned. Percy ran a hand over his jawline, debating quietly with himself. "Percy, I would say I can stand here all day, but I've got things to do. I'm actually on break and I'm sorting Leoisa out." "Leoisa is not a thing." Percy said irritably. He tried closing the door. Piper already had her foot in the way. "Not yet it isn't. Now step aside. I have a plan and you're not getting in the way. Louisa!" She bellowed. "Don't you dare go into that water!" Leo suddenly had the urge to move to a land-locked country. The look on Percy's face brought him back to reality, making him stand the other side to Piper. Louisa stood at the end of the small dock out the back door. Her glower rivalled her brother's. "You can stomp your feet and hold your breath all you like. Leo has something to say." Piper shoved Leo outside and, with a cheeky grin, slammed the back door shut. Leo could hear her badgering Percy, but he had bigger worries. "I was looking for the bathroom." He said, barely audible. "Ya lookin' for a kick in the teeth, Valdez. What the heck d'ya want?" "I, um… well, I… you, um… there was- it was Piper's- take Jason's head, you can have Jason's head, mine is too nice to go on a wall!" He clamped his hands over his throat protectively. Her furious look had dwindled into one of complete bewilderment. "I'm not off to a good start, am I?" She pursed her lips, giving a slow shake of the head. "H-how about I come back another day, you… you don't look in the mood to be dealing with, uh, with me, so uh… yeah, bye." He swivelled on his heel. "Hold it, Valdez." She ordered. Leo choked as she grabbed him roughly by the scruff of his shirt. Louisa tugged him back. He was suddenly face-to-face with her. A red-hot glow creeped up his face. "I ain't seen ya in forever, ya ain't bailin' on me now. Did Piper drag ya here or did ya actually have somethin' ta say?" "Piper dragged me here." He murmured. Her face didn't change, but something in her eyes did. Leo didn't hear her next words, trying to figure out what the sudden variation was. It was almost like she was… disappointed. Nope, angry. She was angry. "Are you even listenin'?" She snapped. "I was- I am now. Sorry. I- what?" He smiled sheepishly. She groaned in annoyance, pushing her fingers into her forehead like she was trying to pinch her brain. "Sorry." Leo said again. "You know I'm no good with this… talking, organic life form business, what?" Green eyes flashed dangerously between her fingers. Leo put a hand over his mouth, determined to stay quiet until she had said her piece. "No." She finally said, shaking her head. "I ain't gonna say it again. Ya missed it, it's ya own fault," she kept shaking her head, turning away from him to go back to the sea, "see ya in the New Year, Valdez." "Now, hold on a second!" Leo protested, running forward. He attempted grabbing her wrist and missed, overbalancing. He toppled and they both landed in the water. Louisa kicked away, bending the water around her to escape. Leo paddled uselessly, caught in the backwash of her powers. Instead of going up, he was going down. The water was working against him. Something about it felt colder, he felt cold. The more he struggled to go up, the further away sunlight seemed. And then she was back. Louisa was there. Her hand touched his cheek and the water receded. A bubble formed around them. Leo inhaled sharply, breathing heavily. "Wh-?" "Dad." She said grumpily. "He must have picked up on how much of a twat you are." "You're the twat." He countered feebly, still trying to catch his breath. "So, what did you say?" "It don't matter." "Yeah it does. I want to know." Leo insisted. She shook her head. "Please tell me? I asked nicely." He added. "Please, please, please-please-please-please-please-please-I can do this all day- please-please-plea-" Her hand shot out and he nearly fell out the bubble. "Mmph!" He protested behind her palm. "Will you shush? I hate havin' ta say stuff twice!" She huffed irritably. Leo tried for an apologetic look, but that wasn't easy with half his face squished in her hand. "Even though you were bein' more a twat than usual, I asked ya ta go ta the fireworks with me." Leo did a double-take at this. "I know, it surprised me too. It's ya own stupid fault though. Ya wouldn't leave me alone with that gods-forsaken mistletoe 'n' then ya don't talk ta me for, like, ever , which only pissed me off more, so if ya didn't keep disappearin' every time I got within fifty feet of ya, I'd have kicked ya head in a long time ago 'n' now I'm actually tryin' ta do somethin' nice ta make up for your pig-headed behaviour 'n' ya still don't pay attention! Leo, you're my best friend 'n' I seriously thought I screwed up with that mistletoe crap- I still blame you for that- I just want ta go back ta blowin' shit up 'n' terrorizin' Frank 'n' all the good old stuff. I didn't mean anythin' by that, I just wanted ta shut ya up." Her hand had come away at some point. Leo didn't notice, not even when his face stopped hurting as much. His chest hurt instead, like someone was sticking white-hot pokers through each rib. That didn't make any sense, he didn't burn, but this must have been what it felt like. She wouldn't look him in the eye, babbling some more, something akin to a Louisa-apology, a very long-winded and confusing explanation, quite a few repeats and insistences that the mistletoe incident was purely to shut him up. Even though it had been a fortnight since they had spoken, Leo had one thought playing over and over in his head- maybe that kiss had meant something, maybe she was taking the time to realise what she had done, maybe her highly buried feelings for him were starting to seep through, rising slowly to the surface like bubbles in a lava lamp. Now, the more she went on, the less convinced he was. The pain in his chest was getting so hot, it felt cold. Another thing that didn't make sense. "I'd love to go to the fireworks with you." He found himself saying. Louisa stopped mid-sentence and stared at him. "Hey." He hunched his shoulders. "It's not as fun throwing gooey marshmallows at people on my own. I need my partner-in-crime." "You ain't mad?" "Nah." Leo waved it off. "I'm mostly to blame. And so is Katie from the Demeter cabin. She grew the mistletoe for me. I never realised how quickly those guys can make plants grow. Even though I know they manage the strawberry fields, it never really clicked…" He made a face. "Anyway, can we go up now? As much as the sea is, well, the sea and very nice