Another one-shot, sorry! I just feel like doing one-shots at the moment, but at least it's something ^_^ I own nothing but my OCs! "I don't like this." "You don't like most things." "That's beside the point, Valdez. Last I checked, snooty posh people weren't allowed in." "Lou, it's for Joe. And will you stop talking a million miles an hour? I'm only getting every other word." Louisa decided to grumble instead. Leo rolled his eyes- got a glare for that- and welcomed Joe and his parents in. "Charlie!" There was a thud and then Charlie staggered from his room, tripping over his feet and landing with a second thud. "Uh, are you-?" "I'm OK!" Charlie bounced to his feet. "Josephine!" "Charlie, will you not-?" "No." Charlie said, deadly serious. A split second later, he was beaming like a Cheshire cat and rushing forward to hug his best friend. "It's been so long!" "We saw each other at school. This morning." "Too long! Up!" "Charlie, don't koala him!" Leo exasperated. "Too late!" Charlie cackled victoriously. "Onwards!" He declared, forcing Joe into giving him a piggy-back. Leo and Louisa exchanged challenging looks- your son, your son, definitely your son - while Joe's parents, Meghan and Harrison, surveyed the Valdez apartment. Louisa noticed the curl of their lips immediately, temper sky-rocketing. Leo cleared his throat, grabbing her hand and forcing a smile at their guests. "Tea? Coffee?" "Poison?" Louisa muttered. Only Leo heard. He gave her fingers a behave squeeze and invited Meghan and Harrison to sit. Neither of them looked too pleased with this. They lived in a house worth millions and millions, inside and out, out in the sticks. The Valdez bunch lived in a simple, three bed apartment on the outskirts of the city, not even an hour's drive from Camp. Leo didn't let go of his wife's hand, dragging her into the kitchen. Charlie was sat on the counter, scarfing cookies from the jar. He froze when his parents entered. "It was Joe's idea." He said around his mouthful, pointing an accusing finger at his friend. Joe raised an expectant brow at this. "Give." Louisa took the jar, taking a peek at the contents. "Charlie, you pig! That was a new packet in there!" "Not anymore." "Your son." Louisa shot at Leo. "My son doesn't koala people." "My son don't eat for a family." "And you think I do? Look at these noodle arms!" Leo protested. Louisa eyed him for a moment, snorted with laughter and shook her head. "Wait, they never actually said what they wanted." He grimaced. "I don't want to go back out there. Not on my own." "Hey, if ya take me out there, I'm gonna smack 'em." "Please don't." "Mama." Louisa faced Charlie. "Mama, they don't know." Charlie said in a whisper, nodding at Joe. Louisa considered the other boy and sighed. "If you hold him down, I'll write it on his forehead." "Whoa, where did you get a permanent marker? Charlie, we've talked about those." Leo held his hand out for the pen. Charlie huffed, squishing the lid back on and handing it over. Leo tapped him on the head with it. "You are too much like your madre . No touchy markers. Joe, he's not- you can-" Leo motioned bringing his hands down. Joe had his firmly over his forehead. Charlie gave an impish grin and Joe decided to stand behind Louisa. "Kid, ya gonna tell 'em?" "I can't." Joe squeaked. "Mm. I say we drug him." "No, don't drug him!" Leo hissed. "He's fifteen, you can't drug him!" "It's that or Charlie snogs him in front of his parents." Louisa spread her hands, silently daring Leo to come up with a better plan. Charlie was humming to himself at this point, only realising what was going on when Joe's face resembled a beetroot. "Wait, what?" He asked. "Nothing." Joe said quickly. Charlie raised a brow at his parents, but they weren't paying attention, debating back and forth under their breaths, heads huddled together. Leo shook his head a couple of times, Louisa pinched him, said something else and then stomped her foot. Charlie narrowed his eyes at them. Joe wasn't going to tell him anything; he hopped down and barged between them, smiling sweetly. "Hello. I heard my name a few times, what do you want?" Louisa started to speak. Leo's hand shot out and covered her mouth. "No. You are a troublemaker and should not have ideas." She mumbled something behind his hand. "If that was 'fight me', I will. I'd probably die trying, but I will." Her eyes glittered with mirth. "Only if you stay quiet though." The merriment disappeared and she glowered. Leo slowly pulled his hand away. Louisa stayed mute. "Huh. That actually worked." "Valdez…" She growled warningly. "Hey, you a Valdez too. And have been for, what, twenty-odd years now? I thought that'd have gone through all the seaweed up here." He bopped her on the head. Louisa slugged him in the shoulder and called him an ass. "Is there a plan or are you two just going to fight?" Charlie intervened. "We're not fighting." Leo assured. "And there is a plan-" "Leo's plan." "It's a good plan." "Your plans suck." "And yours are better?" "Of course." "Lou, you wanted them to go and have a full-on make-out session in the living room!" "Not want to." Louisa defied, folding her arms. "That would be inappropriate. I just thought it might make a statement." Leo shook his head. Charlie had suddenly found his socks very interesting. Joe was looking out the window, his back to them. Leo sighed, rubbing wearisomely at his face. "Ya know, we're takin' a real long time ta make tea . Psst, there's some laxatives in the cupboard." "Why?" "Uh, duh. Ta put in their drinks." "You bought… you bought laxatives because they were coming over?" "Valdez, we've been married twenty-odd years , that ain't gone through yet?" "Oh, very clever." Leo set about making the tea. Charlie looked up at his mother, chewing his lip. Louisa smiled reassuringly at him, ruffling his curls. Charlie glanced quickly at his father and then back at her. Louisa was watching her husband, head tilted to one side. He was muttering to himself in Spanish, gesturing with his hands in between putting the mugs out, dropping tea bags and sugar in them. Louisa smiled wickedly. "Valdez." She called in a sing-song voice. He replied in Spanish, looking quizzically over his shoulder when she said nothing. Her hair hung in thick, glossy waves to her waist and she flashed him her most dazzling smile. Leo faltered, wanting to stay mad, but unable to. "I hate you." He eventually decided, frowning at the kettle. "Nah, ya love me." "That's unfair, you're cheating." "Oh, poor baby." Louisa cooed teasingly, sweeping forward and hugging him from behind. Charlie gave a small exhale of relief and motioned to Joe, heading back into the living room. "Valdez…" "I'm ignoring you." "Ya can't ignore me." "I can try." "Mmm, no." Louisa suddenly locked her arms around his middle, bear-hugging him. Leo spluttered, breath lodging in his chest. "Not lettin' go." Leo tried to wiggle free, but she only ended up koalaing him too, limbs wrapped around him with no hint of leeway. He managed to make the tea, but there was no way he could carry it out with her on his back. "Lou." "Nope." "Louisa." "No. Not until ya say it." Leo sighed. "Come on, ya know ya want to." She teased, pressing her fingers to his mouth. "Valdez, it's right there…" She continued, the sing-song quality back in her voice. Leo shook his head. She could feel his smile against her fingertips and smirked. "Te amo." "Te amo too." She planted a raspberry on his cheek and hopped down. Leo didn't look at her until her hair was back up in a messy bun, not trusting her when she played that card. "Dork." "Witch." He stuck his tongue out, ducking to retrieve a tray from the cupboard. "Here," he said, placing the six mugs aboard the tray, "make yourself useful and take this in. And no laxatives." He warned, leaning in close to make sure she got the message. Louisa pressed her lips together, eyes widening in innocence. "That look doesn't fool me, chica." Leo smirked, pressing a quick kiss to her cheek and sending her out. She shot a cheeky grin at him before disappearing out the door. Leo took a moment, trying to think of some suitable comeback. She didn't play the hair-down-disarming-smile trick often, but when she did… well, it was basically cheating and it would take a while for Leo to come back from that. Louisa had saved him his spot on the armchair. And by saved, she was sitting in it. She stood to let him sit, passed him his hot chocolate and sat on his lap, nursing her own chocolatey beverage. The boys had hot chocolate too. Meghan and Harrison had tea. Although, going by the looks on their faces, it wasn't the posh tea they were used to. They were sitting on opposite ends of the sofa. Charlie and Joe were sat on the floor. Charlie was looking from one set of parents to the other, sticking his bottom lip out in disapproval of whatever conclusion he had come to. Joe didn't notice, paying no-one any attention, blowing gently on his drink and still a little pink-faced. Silence stretched on. Leo fidgeted nervously. Louisa cut him a look over her shoulder, leaning back against his chest. Leo's arm went around her waist and tipped his head to hers. Meghan's upper lip curled again. Charlie silently berated her in Spanish. His parents were comfortable with each other and she was clearly jealous. Maybe if you didn't have such a stick in the mud husband… "This is fun." Louisa remarked, fishing tiny marshmallows from her drink. Charlie looked into his drink, finding no miniature treats and pouting. "Your home is… quaint." Meghan deadpanned. "Right." Louisa said, feeling Leo's hand tighten on her waist- behave . "I like it here." Joe chipped in. His parents looked at him, wondering why the hell would he? "That's 'cos I'm here." Charlie grinned. "You'd like it at yours if I was there all the time too. Not that Mama would let me go that easily." He smiled at his mother. "You ain't gettin' my marshmallows." "Dammit." "Nice try, Charlie." Joe laughed, patting his friend on the shoulder. "Maybe next time." Charlie agreed. " Padre , why didn't I get any little marshmallows?" "He loves me more." Louisa smirked before Leo could say anything. Charlie gaped at her. "Ain't that right, Valdez?" "I'm… I'm not getting into this." Leo shook his head for what had to be the billionth time that day. Louisa said something quietly to him. Leo tutted and scolded her good-naturedly under his breath. Harrison set his tea down, practically untouched. "I assume there was a reason you invited us here?" "It's called manners." Louisa remarked. "'N' ya might wanna try 'em." "Lou!" Leo hissed, doing his best to hide a smile. "What? Oh, right. Behave, behave. Yeah, yeah, whatever." She bowed her head, bringing her cup to her lips and muttering into the last of her drink. Awkward silence flattened the air around them again. Charlie finished his drink. Joe left the last dregs and sighed. He always loved Leo's hot chocolates- other hot chocolates just tasted bland in comparison. "Hey, Joe." Charlie swatted his friend's arm. "Check out this thing I ordered." "I ordered." Leo corrected. "Potato patato." Charlie replied cheekily. He and Joe vanished into his room, leaving the parents. Louisa had a few unsatisfactory things to say about this, gently shushed by Leo and another of his behave squeezes. "Now what?" Louisa asked, mostly directing her question at her husband. Leo gave a minute shrug. "Did you hear about the pelican at the