I want to try something a bit Christmassy seeing as my other ideas aren't working for me. I own nothing except my OCs, etc. etc. Also, I will be away for the weekend, so I won't update for then either. I did start a chapter for Mind Over Matter , but I'm a bit stumped at the moment; a bit stumped being a polite term. "Now how am I supposed ta reach that?" "Grow." Percy replied instantly. Louisa glared up at him. "It's Christmas, I'm in a good mood, I'm not scared of you." "You should be." Louisa muttered, frowning at the angel in her hand. Short of climbing the tree, she couldn't really put the topper on. Percy, being the totally considerate older brother that he was, thought Louisa should have the honours this year. Of course he knew she was too small to reach the top- he had done all the higher decorations- but that didn't stop it from being fun to watch. Sally and Jessica came in then, bearing trays of Christmas goodies. "Mom 'n' Mom, he's bein' mean." Louisa showed them the angel. Percy grinned wickedly and started comparing their heights again. "Look, I will break you." Louisa warned him, waving the angel dangerously close to his face. "No, no fighting." Sally said. "It's your first Christmas together. Could you please just call a truce?" When the pair continued to square up to each other, Sally shook her head. Jessica simply rolled her eyes, helping herself to the first of the mince pies. "Where's Paul got to?" "He said he had to wrap something special and we were to stay out here." Percy replied, not looking away from his sister. "I think he's eaten 'bout half a roll of sticky tape though." Louisa added. "Do you want death by tinsel? 'Cos I can arrange that." Percy blew a raspberry. "Ooh, how terrifying. Death by sparkles, how could I even bear the thought?" "Challenge accepted." Louisa smirked. "Hold my angel." She threw it without looking; Jessica managed to catch it and then the twins were on the floor, wrestling once again. Sally ordered them away from the tree, realised the state of said tree and grimaced. "It looks like a bunch of toddlers did it." She squeaked. Having spent all morning arguing over red and gold or blue and silver, Percy and Louisa elected to do both. And by both, they meant the poor tree was overloaded with obscene amounts of colour, both red and blue trying to overtake the other. Sally glanced at Jessica pleadingly. The blonde finished off her mince pie and rubbed her hands together. While the twins were distracted in their latest match, the mothers stripped the tree down and set it back up, simply gold and silver. Red and blue went back in the boxes and that's where it was going to stay until garbage collection day. The doorbell rang, bringing a new meaning to the fight- who could answer the door first. "I think they're taking this sibling rivalry thing too far." Jessica whispered. Sally nodded in agreement as Louisa tripped Percy up. Annabeth and Grover ended up letting themselves in, not at all surprised to see the twins with each other in a headlock. "Merry Christmas!" Grover called, waving at the moms. "Merry Christmas." Sally smiled. Jessica was busy eating more mince pies. "Hey, save some for everyone else." "No, they're mine. I made them, I can eat them." "Ooh, I see where Lou gets it from. Annabeth, sweetie, be careful. They've been like this all day." Annabeth had set down her bag and was getting between the twins, grabbing each of them by the ear. They protested instantly and then proceeded to whimper 'ow ow, ow, ow'. "What did we talk about?" "Fighting should be banned over Christmas." Percy answered quietly. "Lou?" Annabeth demanded. Louisa told her to go do something physically impossible. Annabeth simply let go of Percy and flipped his sister over her shoulder. Grover squeaked and hurried to a safe distance. "I'll fight you too, Blondie." "I wouldn't try it, Kelp-Head. And you ." Annabeth jabbed a warning finger at Percy. "I don't' know what started the fight, but I'm finishing it. Go and help your mom. As for you," she looked back down at Louisa, "you can run to the store and get some hot chocolate powder. No, you will do it or I'll take your present back to the store." "That's not fair." Louisa muttered. "He gets to stay in the warm 'n' I have ta go out in the snow alone , that's just favouritism." "I am her boyfriend." Percy stuck his tongue out. "Keep this up and you won't be." Annabeth retorted. "Mom," Percy pinched Sally's sleeve, "I'm scared now." Annabeth let Louisa up, making sure she bundled up and headed out in the right direction. "Mmm…" Percy contemplated his friends for a moment. "Aren't you missing something?" "Juniper can't make it," Grover said, "because she can't go that far." "My lot are stuck in traffic, but they're on their way." Annabeth dusted herself down. "Dad's really excited to meet Lou." "I don't see why though. She's nothing special." "Of course you'd say that." Sally pinched her son's arm. "Behave. First Christmas together. Don't fight. Does any of that ring a bell?" "Rings an alarm." Percy shrugged. Jessica snorted and nearly choked on a mince pie. "See, if you shared, you wouldn't have this problem." The Chases showed up an hour later. By that time, the teens were having a full-out snowball fight out the front. Grover ducked and Louisa's snowball splattered straight in Mr. Chase's face. "Lou!" Annabeth scolded. "That's my dad!" "Sorry." Louisa loaded herself with another snowball and lobbed it at Percy instead. Fredrick brushed himself down and laughed. "Two can play that game, little missy. Boys, arm yourselves." Annabeth's brothers, Matthew and Bobby, dove right into the fun and games. They went straight for Percy- as their sister had taught them- while their father sought revenge on Louisa. Mrs. Chase simply rolled her eyes and went inside with her collection of Tupperware filled with all sorts of food. Grover pinched an enchilada as she passed, ducking into his fort to quickly scoff it down. "I'm Fredrick Chase, but you can call me Fred." "Louisa." Louisa dodged his throw and landed one square in his shoulder. "Ya can call me Lou. Call me Lou-Lou 'n' ya die. Percy! Seriously tell me ya didn't just lose to small children?" "Why are you getting so mad? You'd fit right in with them." Louisa changed target and joined the Chase boys in pummelling Percy with snow. Annabeth cheekily tipped snow all over her father's head, laughing and giving him a quick hug. Grover hopped over to them, teeth chattering violently. "I'm c-c-c-calling t-t-ti-time." He managed. "T-th-this sa-sat-t-satyr w-was-wasn't b-bu-bui-built for the c-c-c-c- cold ." "Oh, poor little goat boy." Annabeth cooed. She adjusted his cap and then sent him inside. Bobby squealed and Percy cackled victoriously. Louisa and Matthew were pelting him with snowy missiles, trying to rescue the other boy. Percy had him over one shoulder. "I have taken Bobby hostage," he declared proudly, "and you shall not win! To war!" "Be that way then." Louisa stomped her foot, one hand going up, the other swinging round and then back, palm facing whichever way it moved. Percy was instantly grappling with snow, back on the floor. One snowy tendril had wrapped around Bobby and was gently lifting him to safety. The two brothers shared amazed looks. "So cool!" Matthew beamed. "And that's not a pun!" Bobby bounced excitedly on the spot, clapping. Louisa smiled. "Annabeth, do you wanna swap brothers? Oh no you don't." Percy was putting his own power against hers and then they were battling over a large wave of snow, trying to keep it off themselves and dump it on the other. Bobby and Matthew were absolutely fascinated with this, especially when Louisa cheated. She warped the snow so it attacked Percy from every angle. Percy deflected some of them, but he couldn't keep up with the sheer volume. It was only a matter of seconds and then Louisa had him stuck to the ground, dolled up like a snowman. She shed her scarf and wrapped it round his neck, smiling triumphantly. "Ya can't beat me at my own game, bro." Percy spat a mouthful of snow out and frowned. "At least I can put an angel on a tree." He smirked. Louisa snapped her fingers and he disappeared entirely. "Louisa, that is your brother !" Sally was on her way over. "He asked for it!" "Did he?" "He called me short!" "Well, you are. And so am I." "Taller than me." Louisa grumbled. Sally made to say something when Fred popped up next to her. He squinted at both of them individually. "What are ya doin'?" "She does look like you." He remarked, nodding. "But I can definitely see some elements of Poseidon. You used the water in the snow, I'm really impressed. I wish I could do that. We're not that cool. All we've got is some very, very, veeerrry distant royal blood-" "You what? Ah hell to the no, mate, I ain't- no." Louisa peered round him and glared at the back of Annabeth's head. The blonde was busy digging her boyfriend out, laughing when he appeared, shivering. "Oy, Blondie. What's this about you bein' all snobby?" "Excuse me?" Annabeth did a double-take. She helped Percy up while Louisa continued to frown at her. "I'm not snobby." "Yeah ya are. Princess." "Oh." Understanding dawned on Annabeth and she started laughing again. "No, not princess. Just descendants." Percy looked confused. "About six or seven generations ago, we had some royals in the family. It's nothing fancy now, mind, but it does make some interesting conversation." "As if you weren't already way out of my league…" Percy pouted. "What are you on about? We're already dating!" "And how am I supposed to compete with royalty ?" "You're literally a sea prince! My gods, Percy, chill out." "I've got snow in unmentionable places, I don't think I can get anymore chill ." Louisa snorted. "Hey, you shush." Percy willed some more snow into her face. Louisa brushed it away quickly and launched herself at him. They landed back in the snow, fighting yet again. Annabeth directed her brothers away, but they were more than happy to still watch. Louisa got to meet Annabeth's stepmother. Percy was in the shower at this point, trying to thaw. Grover was sitting in the armchair, bundled in five or six blankets with a hot chocolate and a content smile. Paul had made an appearance, stacking all his carefully wrapped Christmas presents under the tree. Mrs. Chase- Tara- was helping Sally and Jessica set the table. They were talking about recipes and Christmas and children and the usual motherly things. Sally stopped mid-sentence to grab Louisa and proudly introduce her. Jessica tutted and pulled Louisa away. The two women considered each other. Louisa could sense a play-fight brewing. Ever since she had started calling them both 'Mom', they liked to play a little 'ping-pong' with her. Tara found this amusing, reaching across the table to shake Louisa's hand. Louisa was being hugged by both mothers, managing to squeeze Tara's fingertips instead of actually getting her arm free. "Annabeth's told us a lot about you. Mostly how you don't ever stop fighting with Percy, but there have been some good things as well." "Nice to meet you." Louisa wheezed. One of the mothers was crushing her windpipe. "Can't breathe." "Tough." Sally smiled. "Percy's usin' all the hot water." Louisa tried. Sally let go then, rushing to bang on the bathroom door. The shower went off instantly and they could hear Percy proclaiming innocence. One down, one to go. "Still can't breathe." "That's fine." "Ya'll miss me when I'm gone." "Think of all the money