A/N: This is the third in a series of stories I have been writing about Draco's trials since the rise of the Dark Lord, the sequel to Tapestries Tear , the sequel to Death Eaters Don't Cry . I began this series in the long hiatus between the release of GoF and OotP , but have been updating it since the release of DH to more closely fit JKR's plot. The first two stories have now been rewritten entirely. I will be posting in the summary of this story how far I have gotten in updating it. A few things you should know before I set you loose to read: Because my plot came into being before I knew where JKR's was headed, there are some things I have been unable to reconcile. Bill is still in Egypt, Fleur is still and France, Umbridge never taught or came to Hogwarts, and because of my personal preference, I have set Malfoy Manor on a point in Northumbria. This story is set in the summer between OotP and HBP . Draco, unable to fulfill the Dark Lord's demands, fled his new headquarters at Durmstrang and returned to Hogwarts in March of 5th year, where he had to battle the Dark Lord's lingering hold on his mind, his cronies, and the distrust of students and staff at Hogwarts. Everything else of importance I think you might discover quickly in the story itself. I hope you enjoy! Let me know if there are points of confusion because I know this plot so well now, it's sometimes hard for me to tell. Yours forever, Tsona Dedication: I feel I must put in a new dedication for this updated version of And Then There Were None . TragicSlytherin came not too long ago upon my stories and has been encouraging me with her kind reviews since—not anything too detailed, not usually, but I have appreciated each one as fanfiction readers become less and less frequently, it seems, reviewers. Nothing cheers an author up so much as a review. I even appreciate the flames. So, I put in a plug for myself and for TragicSlytherin. She reviewed my works and, through her reviews, I found her own. I have read them all and they are brilliant! You can now find TragicSlytherin on my favorite authors list. Cheers! When the stars threw down their spears, And water'd heaven with their tears, Did he smile his work to see? Did he who made the Lamb make thee? — William Blake, "The Tyger" "Draco?" Draco had counted the days. Eleven days. It had been eleven days since he had gotten off the train in King's Cross, since he had climbed into a taxi and had spent three and a half hours in a backseat with Ginny pressed on one side, Mrs. Weasley on the other, and the other Weasleys surrounding him in the front and backseats. It had been a supremely uncomfortable trip, with Mrs. Weasley forcing conversation, everyone saying as little as possible. They had talked about classes. They had talked about Ron's O.W.L.s. Mrs. Weasley had pushed Draco till he had admitted that he too had taken the tests and that he, like Ron, couldn't say that he had enjoyed them. They had talked about the twins' N.E.W.T.s. They had talked about none of these things in detail. After eleven days, the Weasleys had still spoken very little in front of Draco. And he knew why. The Weasleys didn't like him, and the Weasleys didn't trust him. And why should they? Draco himself didn't know how much the Dark Lord could access of his mind. The possibility hadn't seemed to worry Dumbledore, and Dumbledore was a genius, so Draco supposed this ought to have been enough for him, but... Draco had spent his eleven days miserably. It had taken very few days after his arrival at the Burrow for the mist to creep in, a heavy fog that hung over everything, that made escaping outside of the Burrow walls, even for him, not entirely pleasant. Still, even the fog-ridden garden was more pleasant than the overcrowded house, which seemed all the more crowded as he was met at every corner with contempt. "Draco!" Draco pulled his cloak closer about himself. The fog had brought an unseasonable chill with it. It made him lethargic. He felt heavy with it wrapping around his ankles, closing him in its arms. Sometimes it felt as constricting, as deadly as he imagined a Lethifold's grasp to be. He didn't feel like walking far from the Burrow in the fog, as much as he wanted to escape—never mind that he wasn't allowed to go far away. He had given the Weasleys his word that he would stay in sight of the house, in shouting distance at least. He had once tried to wander farther, across the orchards. When Mrs. Weasley had found him, she had been furious, and Draco had stood silently before her, his blood boiling, as she had shouted herself hoarse and had finally extracted the promise that he would remain in sight of the house. And where would he go anyway? The Dark Lord, the Death Eaters were still hunting him. "Draco, come inside. Have some breakfast." Mrs. Weasley was behind him, trying her best to sound kindly, to sound welcoming, but dislike and distrust tainted her tone. "You don't want me," Draco pointed out. "Why do you bother?" "We do want you," Mrs. Weasley lied, but even she must have felt it feeble because she added, "And we promised Dumbledore we'd—" "Keep an eye on me," Draco finished for her, turning to meet her gaze then. She always said this whenever he asked. She didn't even vary her syntax. The phrase was as grey as the fog. But his bored tone lit the fires in her eyes. Her full cheeks flushed red. "I'm coming," he hurried before she could start again on the same argument, before she could tell him off, remind him of the position that he was in. She was only slightly less tetchy than the average Blast-Ended Skrewt. He led the way through the overgrown garden back to the house. The Burrow was built on what had once been an old, stone pigsty with floors added here and there till it stood at a height that Draco thought ought not to have been permitted. The many layers were quite distinguishable, each having been made with whatever materials were cheapest at the time of their purchase. Draco hated the house.He pulled open the flimsy backdoor onto the tempting aromas of Mrs. Weasley's cooking—which even he had to admit was good—and a kitchen full of Weasleys, all seated around the scrubbed, wooden table. Conversation stopped when he entered, and the Weasleys' redheads turned as one to watch him. The children's faces grew hard, their eyes narrowed. They'd been talking about him; Draco knew it, and he could not stop his eyes from returning their glare. "Go wash up, Draco," Mrs. Weasley said, pushing past him to attend to the food still on the hob, trying to ignore the tension that had entered the room with them, but it was visible in the set of her shoulders, her grip on her wand. Draco shot the table full of Weasleys a last venomous glare, then marched across the kitchen and up the crooked stairs to the toilet sink. Subtlety was not a trait that any of the Weasleys had acquired, nor was tact. Did they have to be so obvious? He'd know, he'd guess that the children still hated him, that their parents weren't thrilled to have him there, even if he hadn't overheard snippets of their arguments, but hearing it destroyed any chance of delusion. It didn't make adjusting to the situation any easier for him; he didn't like them either. Bloody Gryffindors , Draco thought before catching himself. Since March, since he'd met Alana O'Toule, it had become harder for him to insult the Gryffindors as a whole. But this is true , he reminded himself. Even Alana— But he didn't really want to compare Alana to the Weasleys. It only emphasized everything that he hated about the Weasleys. He twisted the knob of the sink, forcing the water to come gushing from the faucet's end. Avoiding the mirror, he watched the jet for a moment. He had to sympathize with the water as it battered against the sink walls, found itself trapped in a steel depression, sank hopelessly into the drain. Ugh, get a grip , Malfoy. Stop anthropomorphizing the water. You can't be that lonely. But Draco was lonely. Odd though he had found it at first after his years alone, he had grown used to being greeted by a smile, to finding a seat saved for him, to conversation always there when he wanted it, even to sympathy and concern. Draco forced his hands under the jet of icy water and shivered. Eleven days with the Weasleys, surrounded by their hate had not robbed him of his ability to feel. He still had that to look forward to. Hands numb and the earth rushing down the drain, Draco returned to the brightly lit kitchen. He sat down and accepted the scrambled eggs and fruit pudding that Mrs. Weasley passed him. They were both cold. Draco ate in silence, with his head down. "Any sign of the giant yet?" Fred wondered, pointing to the Daily Prophet beside his father's plate. Mr. Weasley shook his head. A town in Somerset had been torn apart the previous week, and the damage suggested, according to the Prophet , giant involvement, though the Weasleys all thought that Death Eaters were ultimately responsible. The town was near enough to the Burrow to pique the interest of all of them. "They're expanding the search." "And is anyone else..." There'd been two deaths the previous week, two women, one of them a high-ranking Ministry employee, Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Amelia Bones. Both murders seemed to have shaken the Weasleys. "No," Mr. Weasley said firmly. He hesitated before adding, "No one's heard of any others. No one else as of last night." Draco looked up. He had heard the Weasleys slipping out late last night. The raised voices of the twins had called him to the door, had tempted him to open it onto the landing, just a crack. " Let us come. We're of age!" " You'll not come till I think you're old enough to join ," Mrs. Weasley had snapped. " Dumbledore would let us come." " Dumbledore's not your mother!" " You can't keep us out forever!" Eleven days was long enough for Draco to guess where the older Weasleys had been going. Draco had heard about the Order of the Phoenix, the organization that Dumbledore headed devoted to defeating the Dark Lord. The Death Eaters had suspected that the Weasleys were members. Draco was almost ready now to confirm their suspicions. "Arthur!" Mrs. Weasley snapped. "They have a right to know that, Molly," he returned shortly. What did the Order do exactly? Draco wondered. Perhaps to avoid looking at his wife, Mr. Weasley looked around the table. "Also, Harry will be here Saturday morning. Dumbledore's bringing him." "Harry's coming?" Ginerva, the Weasleys' only daughter, asked, sitting up straighter in her chair. "This soon?" Ron beamed. "Yes." Draco's heart sank as the Weasleys' smiles grew. His stomach knotted. His moist pudding changed to cardboard in his mouth. Living with the Weasleys was torture enough, but Harry Potter was another monster entirely, and one that he wasn't sure that he could face just now—bolder, crueler, and with more right to hate him, to suspect him, to punish him—and more, Draco admitted grudgingly to himself, for him to admire. Potter's defeat of, his escapes from the Dark Lord were legendary. How many days, Draco wondered, would he have to live under Potter's eye? With no one to come between