If You Needed Somebody Disclaimer : The plot is mine, but all the main characters belong to J.K. Rowling. I do not own or profit from any of them. What if Lily was engaged to James, but in love with Sev? What if Severus didn't return her feelings at first? This story is AU, not even remotely canon and never will be! Constructive reviews, comments or suggestions are welcome, but flamming my story or me personally is not. Don't like, don't read! Warning: A lot of Marauder bashing! Bad Dumbledore and McGonagall! I know that in canon the Dursley's were child-abusing creeps who never got the punishment they so richly deserved, but for the purpose of this story, Petunia and Vernon are nice, reasonable people. Story title from a song by Bad Company, Composers, Brain Howe and Terry Thomas, 'Holy Water' album, 1990. Chapter 1 The weather had been foul for the last two weeks. Thunderstorms, lightning, and pouring rain had pelted down on the school seemingly without end, but miraculously on graduation morning it had stopped and the sun had come out. The 1978 Graduation of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry could be held outside as originally planned. There was a small stage set up with a podium on it and on the right side of the stage were the students from Gryffindor and Hufflepuff houses while Ravenclaw and Slytherin students sat on the left side of the stage. The families of the graduating students sat directly in front of the podium. Severus Snape, 18, sat slouched down in his chair, looking bored as he listened to Dumbledore droning on and on. Severus was tall and lean, with thick, raven black, chin-length hair and eyes so dark they looked black. His skin was pale and his face was thin with high cheekbones and his nose, while rather long was not out of proportion to the rest of his features. He alternated between sneering and rolling his eyes at the old fart's speech encouraging unity in the face of the growing powers of Lord Voldemort. Considering that he had treated Slytherin House like a poor, unwanted relation for the entire seven years Severus had attended Hogwarts, he figured Dumbledore was sitting up in his ivory tower, scratching his boney arse and wondering why many of Slytherin house had decided to throw their lot in with the aforementioned person. Severus had no use for Voldemort or Dumbledore. He thought they were two sides of the same Galleon: both egomaniacal, power-crazed individuals who used people for their own gain and discarded them like garbage when they'd served their purpose. The Gryffindorks were probably eating his speech up though. Severus eyes roamed over the audience. He had no family as his mother had died during his sixth year and his father the past January. He spotted his former best friend's parents, Richard and Iris Evans and Lily's older sister, Petunia seated in the front row. Seated next to them was Amelia Potter, James Potter's mother. He didn't see Orion and Walburga Black anywhere; he'd heard from Reg that they'd disowned his older brother so they wouldn't bother attending his graduation. His attention was pulled back to Dumbledore when he announced, "There are some special awards I need to hand out before the diplomas so I hope you'll bear with me." He took out a scroll tied with a red ribbon. "Our first award, the Miranda Goshawk Award for Excellence in Charms is awarded this year to Miss Lily Elizabeth Evans of Gryffindor House. Miss Evans also served as our Head Girl this year." There was a great deal of clapping as Lily headed up to the stage Severus watched as Lily stepped up to the podium to receive her award. She was, as always, beautiful. Her deep auburn hair showed traces of gold in the sunlight and he knew her emerald green eyes would be alight with the same delighted surprise they'd displayed the first time she'd seen Hogwarts. As she accepted the award from Dumbledore and shook his hand, something on her left hand caught the light, sparkling brightly. Severus made a face. It was her engagement ring from Potter. How could he have forgotten? After the Gryffindor – Ravenclaw Quidditch match a month ago, Potter, always the show off, had grabbed the Magical Megaphone and proposed to Lily. He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned slightly to see Darius Wilkes. "The Dark Lord is going to be at Malfoy Manor tonight and he wants you to join him." Severus shrugged Wilkes' hand off his shoulder and growled, "Shove off, Wilkes. I'm not interested." "The Dark Lord is going to win and if you're not on his side when he does, you die, Snape." "Go peddle your crap to someone who cares," Severus muttered, turning back around and folding his arms across his chest. He smirked. He'd already announced his post-graduation plan was to lay on a beach in the Caribbean somewhere, dead drunk. "Our next award is the Beaumont Marjoribanks Award for Excellence in Herbology this year goes to Miss Alice Abigail Warwick also of Gryffindor House." Alice was a modest girl with short, curly brown hair, a round face, and blue eyes. She was engaged to Frank Longbottom who had already graduated and was in his second year at the Auror Academy. She was one Gryffindor Severus really liked as she had stepped in and volunteered to be his partner in Potions after he and Lily had their falling out, ignoring the taunts from her fellow housemates. They had worked amicably together with him helping her to achieve an O in Potions which she'd needed to become an Auror and her helping him to receive an O in Herbology. She accepted her award from Dumbledore and returned quietly to her seat amid much clapping. "Quiet down please," Dumbledore requested. "The next award is the Alastor Moody Award for Excellence in Defense Against the Dark Arts and this year it is awarded to Mr. Remus John Lupin, another proud member of Gryffindor House." "Are the Gryffindorks going to win all the awards?" Severus heard somebody in front of him complain. He watched Remus make his way up to the stage, looking older and more tired than an eighteen year-old should look. Severus really had nothing against Lupin either aside from the fact he had no backbone to speak of. Lupin had been a Prefect and never once stepped in to stop his friends, Potter, Black, and Pettigrew when they were bullying him. Under different circumstances, he and Lupin might have been good friends. "Mr. Lupin has also accepted my offer to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts starting September first," Dumbledore announced. He paused then said. "Finally, I have two prestigious awards to give out. They are the Nicolas Flamel Award for Excellence in Potions and the Bridget Wenlock Award for Excellence in Arithmancy. The Flamel was last awarded in 1900 and the Wenlock award in 1960. This year they are both awarded to Mr. Severus Snape of Slytherin House. Mr. Snape also served in the capacity as our Head Boy this year." Severus rose and walked to the stage, accepted the two scrolls tied with a green ribbons, shook Dumbledore's hand and returned to his seat, ignoring the hisses and boos from some of the audience and the name calling from Potter, Black, and Pettigrew. To cover the audience's displeasure of a Slytherin winning two of the most prestigious award given at Hogwarts, Dumbledore quickly began handing out the diplomas. After he had handed out the last one he said, "I wish the class of 1978 great luck in wherever their paths may take them." Severus had packed his trunk the night before, shrunk it and placed it in his pocket before the ceremony. If he never saw Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry again, it would be too soon. He jumped up and started in the direction of the front gates. Once at the end of the driveway, he could apparate. "Sev!" He stopped and turned to see Lily's parents, followed by her sister, Petunia, hurrying in his direction. Iris pulled him into a hug. "My you've gotten tall, but you're still too thin." She complained. Severus smiled. Iris had always complained about him being too thin and had always stuffed him with food whenever he came over. He noticed the engagement ring on Petunia's left hand. "I see you're engaged. Congratulations." Petunia blushed. "Thank you, Severus. His name is Vernon Dursley and he's very nice." "Where have you been staying, Sev?" Richard asked. "We haven't seen you since the beginning of fifth year." Severus figured Lily had told them about him calling her a Mudblood and they probably didn't want to see him, but apparently she hadn't. "I've stayed here during the holidays as there wasn't any reason to return home and the last two summers I've worked for the owners of Slug and Jiggers and stayed in a room over their shop." "We're having a party later to celebrate Lily's graduation and we'd like it very much if you could come, Sev," Iris said. "Thanks, Mrs. Evans, but I'm going to be starting full-time at the College of Potions on Monday. I was granted early admission last spring because of my OWL scores and I've been taking classes at the college this year. I'm going to spend the weekend moving into the dormitory. I'm also going to be still working at Slug and Jiggers while I attend college and I'm also taking a class twice weekly in the evening at the Ministry." He had absolutely no desire to go to a party that he was certain Lily didn't want him at and all the Marauders were attending. So, we won't see you either this summer," Richard said in a disappointed tone. He liked Sev and considered him like his own son ever since Lily had first brought him home with her when they were nine. It was too bad she had chosen to marry that irritating, arrogant foghorn, James Potter, instead of Sev. "You'll see me because I still have my parent's home and whether I keep it or sell it, it's going to require a massive amount of cleaning and fixing. I'll probably be doing that on the weekends." Out of the corner of his eye he could see Lily heading towards her parents with Potter, Black, Lupin, and Pettigrew in tow. "I just want to say I appreciate all the things you've done for me and all the care you've given me since I was nine. Thank you for all of it." He quickly disappeared into the crowd of parents and student, went out the gate to the bottom of the driveway, and apparated. "Sev!" Lily called, rushing up, but he was already lost in the crowd. She looked very disappointed. "I wanted to congratulate him on winning those awards. It was quite an honor." Sirius Black gave his trademark bark of laughter. "I'm surprised Snivellus didn't win an award for being the greasiest student Hogwarts has ever had! I felt sorry for Dumbledore when Snivellus shook his hand." Sirius was tall and had black, curly shoulder-length hair and brown eyes with movie star good looks. "I heard You-Know-Who's going to be at Malfoy Manor tonight so Snivvy's probably rushing off so he can be the first on his block to get the dark mark." James said sarcastically. "He said he was starting college classes on Monday and was moving into the dormitory this weekend," Iris said, giving James a glare. "Well, he's hardly going to tell you he getting the dark mark tonight, Mrs. Evans," James said. "James, why don't you just shut it?" Lily snapped irritably. "You're giving me a headache!" "I'm sorry, Lils, but Snivellus was never your true friend. He can't make friends or keep them. You don't need him anymore anyway because you have Me, Sirius, Remus,