Autumn Chapter One Rain can be the bearer of many things and emotions. Rain can bring happiness to those starved of food, and been seen as life to dehydrated crops. Rain can bring anxiety to the family of those who have trapped loved ones in a rainstorm, it can bring death…or life, happiness or sadness, hope and despair, borderm or excitement but to Leah Clearwater it brought shame and guilt. Guilt came in the form of rainwater, pouring heavily from the darkened sky and seeping its way deep into her light olive skin that stretched over her toned body like a blanket, hydrating it shamefully. She was soaked through, her hair clung to her oval face, the blue tank she wore was now a shadow of deep blue, the white stubby, worn out trainers had a wet squiggy sole that soaked her black socks. A passer byer would probably think she took a dive into the sea by the way she looked. The light 'plut' sounds the rain made as it encountered a surface sounded like a heavy 'thud' to her ears, as it was the only sound to be heard in the air of La push. Not a single car drove by or one forest animal could be heard. It was as if the entire tribe knew the rightful Alpha had been harmed. Leah shoulders were slumped and her eyes were heavy lidded due to the rain, but focused entirely on the red door to the beige one floored house. The living room window had light seeping through to the dark evening outside, where Leah's foot moved a step forward, her eyes closed shut as she breathed out heavily. Fuck Leah! What is wrong with you? Can't you face your pack brothers? Those dick headed over sized man-child's. You have done nothing wrong… Leah tried to tell herself. She had done nothing wrong, she never asked him to get involved to save her… " NO! Leah don't." Sam warned her, the rest of the whole pack catching her plan in full HD. " Shut up, I know what I'm doing." Leah hissed back. Inside the packs minds it was like being in a battlefield. Constantly. " LEAH!" For the first time in Leah's life, she saw life in slow motion. The cringing scream played of out of Seth's mind. As Leahs, wolf head turned round she saw the blood red eyes of a newborn vampire, the brilliant white human teeth bared, his body in elegant flight, hands spread wide in a jazz hand copycat act. Leahs eyes widened, her whole body paralyzed in shock. Through out every pack member's mind a deafening roar was heard as Jacob Black wolf body came flying in front of Leahs view, and his huge paw knocked her body out of the way. However, the Vampires stone cold hard body quickly encountered Jacob's wolf form. Every wolf felt the bone crackling pain radiating off Jacobs mind who was experiencing it for real. Jacob growled in pain turning the heads of the Cullen's who were scattered far out in the woods along with a few people in La push before passing out. The only words that could be heard in the packs mind were "Jacob…" Leah slowly opens her eyes. The red door was still there despite her wishes and she still had to walk through it, to the twenty odd people whose eyes no doubt held hateful daggers that pointed towards her. They hated her. Now they hated her even more for getting their wonderful 'Jake' hurt. In their eyes she could never do anything right, she was Leah, Leah whose a bitch, a bitch to everything and everyone. Even when she was unintentionally hurtful to Emily, she was the one who they hated and were not sympathetic too, despite what Emily had done to her! Leah let out a frustrated breath and her dripping wet fingers curled into a tight fist. She did not care anymore. If they wanted to hate her more, blame her for this, she didn't care. All she has to know is that, she never asked him to save her and to be honest she had nothing to be sorry for despite the fact it is him sitting there getting his bones recracked by fang rather than her. She felt a shiver run down her spine as she remembered hearing him cry in pain, as Cullen went to work. A piercing howl of pain that made the whole pack whince when they were waiting outside the Black's household a few hours ago. She couldn't stand to be there knowing that they all thought her stupid move put him there, that he was in pain instead of her. So she ran, like a coward, she ran to get her mind clear and focused, she just ran. But now she's back and it's beginning to feel like a nightmare. She was slightly angry, Leah's anger gave her confidence, and she felt her long legs suddenly pound the ground in short quick strides, with one fist, she knocked the door impatiently, although she wasn't. The person to answer the door was something unexpected to Leah as her hard face softened just like every Childs does when they see their mother. "Oh, Leah, darling, where have you been?" Sue's voice changing from worry to frustration towards the end of the sentence. She didn't wait for Leah's response as she pulled her into a hug. Her warm breath ticking Leah's neck as she spoke. "Oh, Leah, your soaked right through, I've been worried, but Sam reassured me that you just need to be on your own." Leah's eyes went cold and empty at the sound of his name, just as Sue pulled back to look at her daughters face, she sighed heavily, pulling the strands of Leah's wet hair that stuck on her face behind her ear. "Jacob's being induced heavy doses of morphine but he's still awake." Sue whispered to her daughter whose face was still in her hands. Leah blinked slowly as if sleep was taking over. Jacob's being given heavy doses of morphine? Was he in that much pain? "Leah, dear, it wasn't your fault." Sue attempted to reassure Leah who she thought needed reassurance. "I know that." Leah said too quickly harshness in her tone. She was sure everyone heard her, wolf or non-wolf. She didn't look her mother in the eye afraid to see the hurt in them as she walked around her into the bright living room. Fifthteen wolves and eight humans turned to face the drenched Leah Clearwater. She didn't face their faces but she could feel their eyes boring into the side of her face. Leah kept her eyes on the walk in front of her that ultimately reached Jacob Black's room. She heard the house's front door close and her mother moved to stand behind her. However, someone calling her name made her turn her head catching everyone's face. They were all cramped into the Black's medium sized living room. Being there not enough seats, some guys sat on the floor, everyone looked tired, after the newborn fight it was surprising there eyes looked alert, a possible cause from the fact there was something new to look at. Her eye rested on her brother Seth's who gave her a slight smile. She felt her heart warm a little. The voice was heard again as someone spoke her name. Her brown eyes rested on Rachel who was standing in front of Paul, her imprint. "Leah, you're soaked." Rachel's voice sounded regretful. For the first time in a couple of hours she looked herself over, every inch of her clothing and skin was inked with rainwater. Her head heavily pulled its self to meet Rachel's. Rachel's hair had a shine and straightness to it. Leah's right-hand pulled its self up to touch her hair lightly. Nothing but a wet, tangled mess. Rachel was in tight skinny jeans and a baggy black top. Leah felt a fluid of slight pain pool into her mouth. She used to look like that…at some point of her life that seemed far-gone now. Rachel sighed and walked over to Leah, taking her easily by the hand. The two hasn't spoken probably for a few years now, since her and her twin sister left to finish high school at a boarding school in the city of Washington D.C, and then going on with their lives in college all the way in Ohio. Leaving everything they ever had known behind. No one blamed them for their distant relationship, they found it hard after their Mother died, and they no longer could be here. Nevertheless, Leah found it rather selfish of them leaving their only brother to care for their disabled father. She had rage for Rachel and Rebecca for losing contact with her; they didn't care for her or their tribe. But after Leah's father passed, she understood completely of their need to get away, the lack of completeness that filled the air all of the sudden, the need to go out and find that completeness. "I must have something for you in here somewhere?" Rachel seemed to breathe, as she left Leah and her hand at the doorway of her room and crouched over at her drawer. Leah's eye searched the room, it reeked of Paul. It was plain. White walls and basic furniture. Rachel must have done it over at some point after her return, because she remembered her having light beige and pink walls. Her, Rachel, Rebecca and Emily when she came over with her mum form the Makah reservoir, were once the Q girls. Leah felt the corners of her mouth tug slight but they didn't form the smile her lips longed too. Q stood for Quileute. It had once felt like they spent every waking moment together. But now….now its was just a mere "Hey Rachel" "Hey Leah" between the two since her return. "You're still a size ten right?" Rachel turned her head back to Leah from her position on the floor. "Twelve" Leah stated dryly. Rachel eyebrows fell slightly to form a frown, and an "Oh" escaped her mouth. Leah pretended she didn't hear it. Everything changed since she phased everything just got bigger. Her breast got bigger, her ass was bigger, her thighs thick. Her whole wardrobe had to be thrown out, everything had to go, nothing fit her anymore. "I've found something." Rachel called out, getting up from the fall, she dropped the clothing on her bed, picking each them out and examining them. "Not the best of clothing but it'll do." Did she not hate me? Or didn't Paul or anyone else fill her in on what happened. Leah found herself asking numerous questions in her head as she looked at the sister of the boy whose death ticket nearly came up. "Leah, you better get out those wet clothes." Rachel stated matter of factly. Leah's eyebrow arched a little, she had forgotten why she had liked Rachel in the first place. She was the kind of girl who did not take any bullshit from anyone, like Leah herself. Rachel moved over to the far side of her room, fixing her beauty equipment on her desk that gave her the grace of having her back to Leah. As Leah got changed, her mind was at ease despite where she was. Rachel felt the need lately to re build the relationships she once had, seeing as she'll be spending a long time, if not forever on the Res. She loved what she once had and regretted it every time when she thought of home. That she never bothered to keep in contact with friends that once swore to be friends forever. But she thought it be better that way, to have no attachment apart from the necessary. 'It's a great shame.' she could hear her Mum saying if she was here, and it was, a