Treacherous Chapter 1: Brand New Day A/N: Hey everyone! I decided to start a new story. It is going to have lots of lemons, jealous, protective and possessive Edward which I know all of you like ;) So please read this and let me know what you think! Let me know if you're interested in this story! Your reviews will mean a lot to me and will give me an idea if you guys like this type of story. So let me know what you think! *A big thank you to my new Beta EdwardsFirstKiss , she has been really helpful ever since my return to and I am so thankful for all of her help. She will be rereading all of my old chapters and I will be reposting them once she is done. She will also be rereading the chapters I plan to write in the future. I know I will benefit from having her as my Beta and I am glad to be working with her. xoxo Jenn I'm starting up a brand new day Turn the clock to zero, boss The river's wide, we'll swim across We're starting up a brand new day Brand New Day- Sting "Are you sure you want to do this?" Charlie asked with a voice that sounded hollow and empty. "You can always change your mind." His brows were furrowed with concern, and his eyes were distant and sad. His mouth was held in a tight grimace as though he was trying his best not to frown. I sighed and tried to ignore the pain in my chest. It felt as though my heart was a porcelain glass that was breaking into a million pieces. I closed my eyes and tried to prevent the salty tears from wildly escaping down my pale skin. "I'm sorry Charlie, but I have to. You know that. I need to do this. I am not going to the other side of the planet, just to Laguna Beach, California! I promise to write and call." I explained, purposely talking slowly so that I could express how important this was for me. "I know that Bella. But, it's a 21-hour drive! I am going to miss you so much. I feel as though you just got here, and now you're leaving. I just thought I had more time with you. Even though I was nervous at first, I was excited when your mom said you were going to be moving here. I couldn't believe I was going to have you full time instead of just during the summers." He said softly as he rubbed his hands through his hair to ease the stress and anxiety of the situation. I smiled softly remembering that day. Renee had told me that I would be moving from sunny Arizona to dreary, depressed Forks. I didn't want to move, not at all. But since Renee was moving in with Phil, I had no place else to go. I remember Charlie being excited on the phone when he told me what he was doing to the house so I would be more comfortable living in it with him. Even though I didn't want to move, it was hard not to appreciate Charlie's excitement and efforts. I had dreaded moving to a city where it rained 99% of the time, but I was also glad I had somewhere to live. Even though, Charlie and I hadn't lived together for a long time, living with him hadn't been that bad. He was a police officer in Forks and worked most nights. This meant I had some space and could come and go as I pleased. Now thinking about it, he hadn't been difficult to live with. In fact, I hadn't minded living with him at all. He was less strict than Renee, which was a good thing. However, he didn't like it when boys came over to do homework. But luckily, I didn't have to worry about that too much because the only guy I spent any time with was my best friend, Jacob Black. Jacob s dad was friends with Charlie. So as soon as I had moved in, he was the first person I had met. From then on, we had become best friends. He was the one I had talked to every day and went motorbiking with. He meant the world to me because he was the only person who was constantly there for me, and I appreciated everything he did. He understood me, and I could be myself. I had fun with him. Unfortunately, things started to get confusing once we had begun to have feelings for each other and eventually kissed. Since that moment, Jake felt different to me, and I couldn't' wait to see him every day. My heart skipped a beat when I did see him which clued me in that I was falling in love with Jacob Black. I thought I was in love with him, but I didn't want to ruin our relationship. I needed him in my life, and I wasn't going to do anything to jeopardize that. I wanted a friendship more than a lover's relationship. Although we both wanted something different, we had made a pact that we would always remain friends, no matter what. Even though Charlie and Jake meant the world to me, but I had to leave Forks. It was something I had secretly decided to do during my junior year in high school when our teachers told us to begin thinking about our futures. I realized that I was bored, tired and sick of living in this dreary, wet environment. I was depressed and in a routine that I desperately needed to get out of. I knew I would have no future if I stayed in Forks. I knew that if I didn't leave now, I would never get another chance. When I had first told Charlie and Jake, they were both shocked and surprised that I wanted to leave. Jake told me that he didn't know what he would do without me, but he understood that I was a bright young woman and needed to spread my wings. I decided to apply to a business program at a college outside of Forks. I didn't know exactly which career I had in mind, but I did know that I wanted to work for a company. I felt that studying business would help me accomplish that. Even though, both Charlie and Jacob were sad when I had been accepted into the four-year business program at The University of California, Irvine, they were happy for me. "Even though you were only able to live with me for a short time, I'm glad we were able to have this opportunity. I enjoyed being in this house with you. I love you and Renee, and I am so proud of you. I know you are going to be successful in school and have a bright future." "I am glad I came here too. I had a great time. Who knew I would be this sad to leave Forks! Thanks for the support; it means a lot to me," I said as I hugged him. I could feel Charlie linger in my arms for a few more seconds, and then he let go. "So are you ready to tell Jake goodbye?" He asked me. I sighed and clenched my stomach as the butterflies started to circulate inside. Honestly, I didn't think I was ready. Even though we had made a pact only to be best friends, he had been my first love. I knew it was going to break my heart to say goodbye. "Well, whether or not, here he is," Charlie said as I heard the sound of a motor-bike engine turn off as the vehicle stopped in the driveway. I nodded my head as Charlie patted my arm and went upstairs to give us some space. Suddenly, Jake was at the door; I smiled at him as he walked through the entrance. "Jeez Bella, have enough stuff?" He joked as he saw my two large suitcases as well as two small duffel bags lined up by the door. "Oh please, Jake that is nothing," I said and chuckled. "I wish you weren't going, Bella. You know I'm going to miss you. But, I promise to fly down and see you as much as I can! I won't ditch you. I know this is what you want to do, and I support you one hundred percent. I know you are going to do be successful, and I am happy for you." He said as he walked towards me. "I know. I'm going to miss you too, so you had better visit me!" I said as I punched him in a playful way. Suddenly, he grabbed my hand. . "You know, I love you. I always will and I'm sorry things didn't work out between us. I still held out hope that we could have been something together. But, I understand and I am glad we're still friends. You mean everything to me, and I hope no matter what we will always be in each other's lives. I swear if you need anything just let me know, and I will fly down to California in a second to see you!" He said softly as he took my hand and kissed it. Then, he pulled me close and kissed me on the lips. His lips were soft and sweet as I kissed him back. "I know," was all I could say after we pulled away. I couldn't help but feel guilty as I looked at Jake. I was the one who said that I only wanted to be friends even though I knew he wanted to be more. I knew it probably ripped his heart from his chest when I had told him that, but as a good friend, he supported my decision. I wished that we could have been more, but I would never regret my decision. I was happy with my choice. "Well, I hope the apartment turns out to be nice. I don't know the details but my cousin said it was in good shape." Jake said. I was fortunate that Jake had a cousin who lived in Laguna Beach and was moving in with her fiancé. She had offered to sublet her apartment to me. I appreciated it because looking for a place to live would be difficult in a city that I wasn't familiar with. She was going to leave all of her furniture for me because she didn't need it, but I found that hard to believe. I mean, who would do that? Frankly, I didn't care what the apartment looked like. As long as I had a bed, a TV and a kitchen, I would be fine. "Please tell your cousin thanks, that was really nice of her," I replied. "Bella, it's almost time to go!" I heard Charlie yell down the stairs. I looked at my watch. He was right. I only had a couple of hours to catch my plane and Charlie was driving me to the airport. So, I couldn't keep stalling. "Well, I hope you have a good time. I know this is what you want. I'll try to visit you, and I promise to Skype! Phone me as soon as you get there! Bye Bella." He said as he kissed me on the cheek and left. I felt my heart drop to the floor as I watched my best friend walk away. I suddenly felt more alone than I ever had been, and for a split second I considered to stay in Forks. But, then I realized that I had to go. "Are you okay?" Charlie asked as he came down the stairs. I nodded my head as I helped him carry my belongings to the truck. I quickly hopped into the driver's side. I had decided that I wanted to drive