Chapter one- Discovery. I slowly paced the narrow hall, my small palms clammy as I waited. I looked at the pictures of my ancestors staring at me in disgust. Aunt Maud, looked down her small spectacles perched on the bottom of her hook nose and she scowled at me, like I was a piece of crap on her shoe. Great. Fabulous. Wonderful. The scandal was going to follow me forever, what would I do. An unwed, single and teenage mother to a man who's gone awol for a singing career. I was totally fucked. I ran my hands down the front of my grey sweatpants and I stepped inside the bathroom, there was a chance I wouldn't be pregnant… but fuck. If I was what the hell would I do, I'm a child myself. I can't iron my clothes never mind care for a little person. I slowly walked over to the shiny black counter, the trapped gold inside the black marble shimmering under the spotlight. I picked up the plastic stick that would change my life. I looked at the cheap white plastic stick, dreading turning it around. I had bought one of the fancy ones, it was too at expensive thirty dollars, it was going to say yes or no and the rest of my life would be determined. God, I was an idiot. Why had I listened to his sweet talk, it's why he had the world's twelve year olds falling at his feet, proclaiming he wrote the songs about them. "Jesus, I know I've not been the best at coming to church and I've had sexual relations before marriage but please hear me out… I can't have a child." I begged out loud, wondering if miracles could happen. If divine intervention would step in. I took a deep breath, my trembling hands slowly started to turn the fat white stick around. YES. It was there on the little screen in plain english, I dropped the stick and shook my head slapping my forehead as I slowly run my hand up my arm. Okay, so Jesus ignored me, note to self- don't pray randomly after nearly eighteen years of pretending to go to church and whatnot, respect Jesus more. "HOW THE FUCK COULD I BE SO STUPID!" I screamed towards the ceiling, not really caring if anyone walking past would hear me, whether it be the Rosa, the housekeeper, or my Mom, all I wanted was for this to go away. Right on cue, my Mother Renee Swan walked through the door, holding a plate of cookies and milk. Her face worried as she lay it on my vanity in the bathroom, her eyes catching sight of the white stick and she slowly walked over. I let out a few tears, my thick black frames steaming up from the heat of the tears as I waited for the 'you're a stupid girl lecture or 'you will do this' or my personal choice 'you're a huge let down.' I waited ten seconds, I waited twenty, I waited a minute, I waited another and another, And then after another intense six minutes of a stare down, Her green eyes locked with mine- I could see the smudge of eyeliner under her left eye and how it sat in the thin crease under the eyes, the harsh bathroom light showed me her age, it didn't hide her cracking skin or greying hair. Her eyes were locked in themselves, like a prisoner left to rot. She gave me nothing apart from the, gloss of exhaustion as she stared. And in this moment, I could she stood and looked at me analysing my small body and she let out a loud, heart-wrenching sob throwing her arms around me and pulling me close. Hugging me, and kissing my hair like she would when I fell as a child. She cradled me in her warm embrace and walked me into my bedroom, the room I'd grown up in, the walls adorned in the large posters of my teenage obsession, my white vanity the top of which had a purple stain from when I spilled my nail polish all over it, the sides cluttered with perfumes and make up. The chest of drawers in the corner was spewing my sweats and hoodies. The tight tops and shorts of before had been long forgotten, banished to a forgotten corner of my room because nothing fitted anymore . She pushed me down on to my bed, pulling the heavy, pink covered duvet around me. I could hear a god-awful sound, it was like a cat getting strangled and I realised it was me, it hadn't been Mom sobbing, Mom was singing me to sleep. I slowly shut my eyes, starting to let the relaxing darkness of sleep overwhelm my body, deep into a sleep where I didn't have to move or think. "Mommy, Daddy and your big brother will take care of you, We all love you regardless Isabella. No matter what. We're a family, we love you- don't forget princess. We'll love the child as well." She promised, wiping my hair of my face. She said sitting on her knees at the side of my bed, her sharp green eyes locked on my sleepy brown ones and I knew she was telling the truth, if Mom was wanting me gone, she'd have done it by now. My Mom is always honest. "Now sleep." She said quietly and I did, falling into the abyss of sleep with a sigh of relief. Dreams I woke up slowly, the world around me was warped, twisted and just a little creepy the first thing that I processed in my tired mind was the fact that all colour was removed. Rain pouring steadily, I was confused. It was drought season, why was it raining cats and dogs? I pinched my arm, I couldn't feel anything. I must still be dreaming. I stood, where was I? It looked like a field of some sorts, it was a surreal place. There was white roses up to my waist, I could feel them jabbing into my skin, I could feel my skin opening but it wasn't actually that sore, I could definitely feel the warm blood trickling down my legs from the small cuts that danced over my legs. I looked to the sides of the field, but the roses grew to be as big as trees. I felt like I was suffocating, like that feeling you get when you know something bad is away to happen but you just can't tell what. I could see him standing, he was perfect, on the outside at least. Unlike me, I was soaked, my body scraped and broken. His eyes were drooping slightly at the edge, the spark gone from the hazel irises, the grey scape of the scene causing them to be a dark brown and I could remember this night. It was April 22nd, the night after I lost my virginity. The night he left. Maybe I could make him stay this time, he would hear me out, he wouldn't leave me behind. He'd stay and we'd be Momma, Daddy and baby. Happy families forever and forever. " Isabella, you're suffocating me… I can't be who I want to be with you constantly hanging on my arm!" He shouted, his arms wrapping over my chest, preventing me from trying to hug him. I looked at him, oh no. This was a repeat. He got to stand in all his glory, All 6'5 of him dominated my sight, he looked like an angel but he wasn't. He broke me! He promised he loved me. I let out a strangled sob, I didn't want this. I wanted him to be the knight in shining armour. " I thought you loved me Edward, are the last three years nothing to you?" My voice was a garbled mess, I grabbed at one of the roses, not caring as it cut into my hand, feeling nothing. It was only a dream afteral, he didn't care. He had moved on months ago. " Nothing Isabella. I fucked five other chicks while we were together, two on speed dial for when you'd never do it. How do I put this? Sweetness you were a challenge, you friendzoned me way back as kids and I got bet that I couldn't sleep with the most unfuckable girl in school, you, and with us being friends sweetness… well the boys thought I had no chance. But I did it, I deflowered you well and truly." His voice was a saying this like he had rehearsed it, like he was reading a script. His tongue poked out to wet his lips and he shook his head and turned to walk away "You should really get someone to teach you how to fuck sweetness, the college boys won't look at you, if you act like such a dork and dance about all over the place." He walked away, the roses parting as he did, it left me trapped. The thorns closing in on me, my eyes shutting as I tried to think of something, anything else. I felt a pair of warm arms pick me up, enclosing me to their chest and wrap my legs around their waist, letting me snuggle my head into their neck. " Hush now little one." They whispered, the voice masculine and I knew who it was Jacob Black, the kindest boy ever to live. Why did girls like me fall in love with Edward Cullens and ignore the Jacob Blacks? Oh why? Oh why? I woke up, lying horizontal on my bed, my arms clutching at my pillow, the sheets soaked in sweat and tears. Edward. I woke up with his name on my lips. Would I ever not want him? I went incognito for the next few weeks keeping the white stick of doom in my bag, I couldn't quite believe it, I refused to. I couldn't be pregnant. I had showed my friends Rosalie and Jake. Rose had wanted to come with me to the scan today but her boss wouldn't give her time off to play Aunty. Jake's uncle however had let him out of working on their family farm. I let him drive through the small backwater town we had all grown up in and it had only been months but already the town was celebrating the town's most successful son Edward Cullen- Aka my baby's Daddy who wanted nothing to do with me and had no idea I was knocked up. I didn't want to think about it or him. I slowly looked over to Jake. He was too kind. His Dad had wanted him to go to college and study law or even become a doctor but instead he stayed at home helping his elderly uncle (Who was actually his Grandpa's brother, so it was his great uncle, technically.) run his farm, so the old man could lay back a bit and enjoy his time doing old people things, whatever that may be. The cold hit me as soon as I stepped out the large red Jeep, having to jump down because I was so small, I didn't know the model but it drove well. I just know I like brightly coloured cars, yellow being my favourite but Daddy said no daughter of his would ever drive a banana about. I let Jake hook my arm in his and we walked towards the hospital's modern doors. It was like we were going to prom but we weren't going to prom, we'd been to all the proms. I was going to my baby scan, I was on a super fast track to adulthood. The first time I would see my little accident. I looked up at Jake through my eyelashes letting him lead me in, my head running a thousand miles an hour. He held the door open for me, walking me through the foyer