This story was written for a very special guys birthday. With that now gone I have decided to share it with you all, and hope you like it as much as he did. Big thanks to my beta, Nmydreams. I own nothing other than plot. Moonlit Sands "It's freezing, are you trying to kill me?" I grumble, trying to ignore the laughter breaking from him as he leads my body into his embrace. "If you'd stop pulling away and get under the blanket you might get warm." His voice is soft, the same as it always has been our past twenty years together. Never once has he raised it in anger my way. No matter how much I've pushed him to the brink of anger, he has always managed to keep a calm tone. Pulling my legs into my chest I lean into my partners large frame, thankful of the heat emitting from him. "I'm not so sure about this, Emmett." I offer, fearing my boyfriend has finally lost his damn mind. The man I have loved since our eyes connected at sixteen on our first day of college has always liked to do things differently, but this is taking the biscuit. Tugging the heavy blanket into my body, I move one of the many hot water bottles closer to my chest while looking out across the beach. I'm thankful he at least thought to bring the wooden love seat, not to mention the large umbrella covering us from the falling snowflakes. Anything to keep winter's cry out. Yes, my boyfriend has gone mad, crazy even. " Seth, baby, It will be romantic, just you and me on the beach on Christmas eve. Think of the snow falling around us." I smile at the memory of his words come flooding back. " Why do you hate me so much you want to freeze my damn balls off?" I teased when he told me his idea in bed a few weeks ago, but I never could say no to his puppy dog eyes. Part of the reason I have never walked away is because of the power he seems to possess over me, the way he can sing to every emotion. Even after he shattered a heart I thought he would always protect. I guess love makes me stay though, because although the love of my life cheated on me, I can't seem to leave the man beside me. It was one time, Seth. One blip in twenty years. Can't you see past that? I ponder, hating myself for not having the strength to leave while knowing my life would be unfulfilled without him. I need to remind myself it was a one time thing, believe him when he says it will never happen again. Is there anything he can do though to fill in the cracks inside me chest, stop me stealing moments to myself to lose my sobs into a fist full of linen? "You okay, my love?" Emmett asks, ghosting his cold lips against my cheek. Butterflies dance inside, willing me to turn into his kiss, but all I do is smile and look out into the crashing of waves sending their bitter air my way. It was a year ago, you need to forgive him . . . you love him. I tell myself, the same mantra I have played over and over in my mind since he begged me to take him back. How could I not, when my heart has sung his name for so long now. Every line on my face is there because of him, the laughter and joy he created until that day; the moment my world seemed to crumble around me. "I'm fine, more than fine." I force myself to sound genuine, so I won't see his brow wrinkle with hurt the way it does; and the apologies to fall from him. I'm tired of hearing his words, want to look forward again, dream about our lives together before the blip - the one stain to tarnish what we had. I believe him when he tells me he's sorry, but I'm sick of him repeating it over and over again. I want to stop looking back. If I can. He drapes his arm around my shoulders, brandishing another kiss on my cheek. "You know I'd take it all back if I could, but I have to live with what I did for the rest of my life. I just wish you could forgive me, baby." Pain is laced within his voice, and for a second I'm certain I hear a sob escaping him. Its like a dagger trying to pierce into me, I've always hated to hear him any less than happy; even now, after all these dark days. Wanting to put a break in the conversation I look back out across the sea, eyeing the moon as its glow breaks through the storm to cast silver tones on the waves. Taking a long inhale I let it out, creating a small cloud of my breath as warmth meets with the icy temperature. "I still remember that day, you know." I tell him, wincing when a groan leaves his lips. He thinks I'm referring to when I walked in to catch him with his best friend, Edward. Pulling at the scab that was their naked bodies polluting our bedroom with their sex, two people I thought I knew playing out the ultimate betrayal. I'm not though, my mind is going further back and its memory is bringing forth a smile I don't need to force. "Do you remember the first time you told me you loved me, Emmett?" With his face pressed against my own I can feel the heat of his tears falling down my cheek, but I'm not sad; not when I seem to be going back to our lives together. Back when we were both starry eyed. I had just turned sixteen when love entered my life, or should I say when it threw me to the wolves like it sometimes does to people. Twenty years ago everything was different, people weren't as accepting as they are now. Even the thought of holding hands with a boy was taboo, not to mention the thought of kissing one. Relationships were formed in the dark, behind closed doors and away from judgemental eyes. Like so many kids my age, I hid my sexuality from the world for fear it would turn on me; or that my family would cast me out into the night like I meant nothing to them. So few people admitted to being homosexual that I didn't know who or what I was, let alone understand why my heart skipped a beat when I saw a half naked guy; or why my cock seemed to hunger for them. In happy denial I walked through my sixteen years assuming I would one day find the right girl like everyone told me I would, I never thought other guys like me desired the love of the same gender. I was so wrong. It should have been another day in the lonely paradise of my mind, the place I could be myself and delve into desires without risking hatred from judgemental eyes, but then my eyes met with his. There he was, sitting alone in the library of our college, and I swear it was the first time I had really felt my heart beat. More like pounding really, thunder raging within me as I looked from afar at the hulk of a man looking out of place in a library. He seemed like he would be more at home on the field playing rugby, yet there he sat reading Chaucer. With the thumping inside my chest I seemed to find the strength to walk over to this stranger, pretending to find the English Literacy books of interest when all I really wanted to do was become lost in science or history, but that would have meant going to a whole other part of the massive room. I wanted nothing more than to be close to the guy with no name, drink in his scent as I fingered the pages of a book I knew would hold no interest for me. I wanted to be as close to him as I could without having to speak. I hated speaking to friends and family, so the thought of uttering a word to this guy, regardless of the thoughts running through my mind made me feel sick. Unlike me though, he didn't favour the solitude of been left alone; he had a confidence so alien to me. "Hi there." He said, while I was lost within my head already wondering what it would be like to taste his body with my tongue. If it wasn't for my already russet skin, my cheeks would have given me away; the heat of my blush must have had them pinking. Within study was where I always found my comfort, not talking to people let alone new ones, so I found it hard to find my voice as the once seated man rose to become a mountain towering over me. A mountain of muscle below a tight fitted black top; almost painted upon his flesh. It took all I had not to reach out and feel the firmness of him, to become trapped within his aqua depths, but I was like a deer caught in the headlights of a speeding car - waiting for something to crash into me. Instinct told me expect a blow, a fist to the stomach or verbal torture, not pleasant conversation that had my head picking out the curtains I wanted for the house I planned to share with him. "Emmett." He said, reaching his hand out for mine. As if I would be able to get control of my functions when his dimples seemed to want to bewitch me, his smile further brightening up his face. With my pants tightening, I tried to shake away the overwhelming desire and find my voice, but he didn't seem to care. While I gawped like and idiot he inspected every inch of my face with his alluring eyes; chatting away like a giddy child. "First year too, huh? I'm studying sport science and English Literature." He told me, leaning in and sending a mix of fear and want at the thought he was going to kiss me smack bang in the middle of the not so empty library. Instead he just whispered into my ear. "Don't tell anyone, but I'm a bit of a sucker for a good book." My breath hitched in my throat, and as the first word left my lips I knew I was already standing before the man I wanted to grow old with. "S . . . Seth. Seth Clearwater." I told him, waiting for the teasing to start when he heard my surname the way it always had. Ever since I can remember my Indian heritage has been the butt of so many jokes, my family name the icing on the cake for bullies. It made me tough though, able to fight off attacks which would surely be sent my way. What I lacked in size I made up for in speed, my fast mind able to trick a foe into falling or hitting the wall behind me when attempting bruise my face. Emmett didn't tease me though, he just smiled while offering me the seat beside him on one of the vacant comfy chairs. "Nice to meet you, Seth." He told me, grinning all the time and seeming unable to pull his eyes from mine. So out of character for me, I found myself taking up his invitation; first steps towards unexpected love. "What's got your mind so occupied, baby?" Emmett asks, his arms enveloping me in his embrace. Without replying, I turn to look at my ageing lover and smile into his blue eyes. He's