Warning: MATURE SEXUAL CONTENTS!, M/M, UNDERAGE (since both Cato and Peeta are below 18 years of age both in the movies and in the books...), VIOLENCE, BAD LANGUAGE, ROUGH PLAY So I just watched the movie and I decided to throw my hat in the ring with this pairing since Cato was HOT and it killed me when he died (even though i already read the books and i knew this would happen...I thought I'd be ready for it O3O) Either way, I hope you'll like it and if u can please please please please a review! Thank you very much in advance and ENJOY! Also, I do NOT own The Hunger Games or any of the characters! The Boy Who was on Fire 'Hey, Lover Boy.' Peeta glanced up, not at all happy with the nickname which already took root. He ignored the snickers from the other Careers and pinpointed the speaker, feeling his heart sink. Now what would the worst of the worst, the big boss, the head honcho want with him?... 'You're going to scout out the premises.' Alright, that wasn't so bad. Peeta physically relaxed and that was his mistake. A moment later Cato grinned wickedly and he knew there was more to come... 'And I'm coming with you.' Sometimes he really hated being right... Peeta rose to his feet, nodding to show he understood, and slung his meagre pack over his back. He'd been checking inventory before Cato gave his orders. It was less than twenty four hours since they allowed Peeta to join their group. He knew they only kept him around to find and kill Katniss but he also knew this was his best chance to keep them off her scent. He was paying a dangerous game...the Hunger Game. Cato indicated the direction he had to take and kept one step behind him but Peeta had no illusion about leading this expedition. Oh no...Cato was the leader, that much was plainly obvious. Peeta knew the older boy was simply keeping watch over him and at the tiniest sign of rebellion his shiny new sword would end up etched into his spine. Katniss had been right to call him a brute, both physically and mentally, since there was nothing the boy from District 2 enjoyed more than a bloodbath. Peeta remembered the ease with which Cato had slaughtered numerous Tributes at the start of the games, in the battle for supplies. Even more troublesome wasn't the ease with which he killed but the twisted pleasure across his face. Peeta barely supressed a shudder when he remembered Cato's wide, feral grin as blood coated his hands and sprayed all over the ground in a crimson rain. This was the man he had his back to and he could feel the pressure of the dark eyes watching him attentively. He was literally disobeying the oldest lesson in the book, Never Turn your Back on the Enemy . They were a few meters away from their camp. Peeta wasn't sure if he was supposed to do a perimeter sweep or to keep going deeper into the forest but since Cato didn't stop him he assumed it was the later. The trees around them rose threateningly high. If Peeta didn't know any better he would have wondered if they reached the skies but he was perfectly aware of the semi-circular dome hanging over their heads even if it was invisible to the naked eyes. They were about as free there as animals in a cage... He tried not to think about it too much, especially since Peeta was almost certain this would be his grave. His eyes lifted to the skies and he forgot about the other's presence momentarily, caught up in his own sombre thoughts, but reality bitch slapped him a second later when a pair of freakishly powerful hands enclosed around his upper arms and slammed his back hard against the trunk of an ancient tree. Peeta's skull hit the wood and for a minute he saw nothing but stars, his entire body going limp, held up only by the bruising fingers digging into his flesh. His eyes even fluttered closed, and a groan left his lips, the shocking pain too sudden for him to make a more coherent response. He was literally shaken out of his daze and his eyes snapped open, his instincts automatically going on the defensive, locking eyes with his attacker. 'You have something I want.' Peeta's mind was still swimming slightly and he looked at Cato with open confusion. 'Wh-What are you talking about?' The older boy's smirk only served to deepen his frown. He didn't bother trying to break free because physically he knew he didn't stand a chance against someone training to be a killing machine their entire life. 'You may think you're pretty smart but I'm not an idiot. Don't think I don't know why you're really here, teaming up with us. You're trying to keep that fiery little bitch alive, am I right?' Peeta suffered a momentarily panic attack. Cato knew his true motivations and he would kill him for it. He wondered if he could put up a fight. Well, if it came down to it he was damned if he didn't spend his last ounce of energy to draw blood. He would die happy then, knowing this war machine could bleed, knowing there was still hope. He glared daggers at Cato, letting him know he still had some fire burning in him, something which the brute liked very much. 'You don't have to answer that. It's obvious I'm right and I don't give a shit.' Peeta's animosity morphed into open surprise so quickly his head spun. What the hell was Cato's end game? 'One way or another you'll lead me right to her and then I'll kill her right in front of your eyes. You still have your uses and that's the only reason you're here, still breathing. Remember that.' 'I'll die before I let you harm her.' There was no point pretending when his bluff was so easily called. What was the point in being guarding when Cato held his life in his hands? 'I know you will. I'm counting on it in fact.' Peeta wondered what he meant by that. Was Cato implying that his worry for Katniss would unconsciously draw him to her no matter how hard he'll try to throw the Careers off her trail? Or was he just saying that once they'd find Katniss he'll kill him... 'Go to hell.' The words were out of his mouth before he realized it and Peeta deeply regretted them. As much as he hated the Careers and the Capitol and the whole fucked up Hunger Games, it wasn't like him to speak before thinking. He didn't have many notable qualities but this was one of them, though it sometimes seemed to take a leave of absence... 'Well look it here. Someone still has a spark in them.' Peeta expected for Cato to turn violent and just kill him. He'd seen the guy kill for a lot less... He didn't expect to see the already dark eyes darkening further and roaming over his body with naked lust. He didn't like it at all, at least that's what he told himself. 'What do you want with me anyway? Couldn't you say all this in front of the other Careers?' Cato re-met his eyes, and he was ashamed to say that he did feel fear and...maybe a little arousal. There was no doubt the male Tribute of District 2 was good looking and being the target of such a hungry stare was quite intense. 'Why? You want them to tear you apart? I may be in charge but you can't possibly be stupid enough to think I'd stick my neck out for you.' Peeta drew a little hope from that. Did that mean the other Careers didn't know his true intent, at least not with the absolute certainty Cato did? 'But there's another reason why I brought you out here.' Peeta's alarm bells began to toll a deafening cacophony. This could only be bad...Yet he felt his mouth go bone dry... 'What?' He hated the way his voice was so damn low, just above a whisper. If there was one thing he knew about predators was never EVER to show weakness in front of them. 'If you're going to be one of us you have to prove yourself. I can't have a weak link around me and I definitely don't want someone incapable of following orders.' Was Cato going to ask him to kill someone? Peeta knew this was probably going to happen, they were Careers for a reason, but he hoped to have more time to strengthen his resolve. He wasn't ready to become a murdered...He probably never will be. 'Consider this your orientation.' Without any further warning Cato leaned in and did something which turned Peeta to a stone. The older male's lips captured his and he took full advantage of the dropped guard to plunge his tongue inside the frozen mouth, taking without giving. Peeta didn't know what he should do in this bizarre situation so he ended up doing nothing, giving free reign to the clearly more experienced Tribute, and he was shocked to find warmth pooling in the Southern regions. That's what prompted him to twist away and break the contact, wishing desperately he had use of his hands to pummel the other guy's annoyingly handsome face. 'What-What the hell?! Let me go!' He did struggle and it was in vain. Once more, he hated being right... 'Not so fast. I already told you didn't I? You have something I want and I will take it and you will like it. You'll show me exactly how far you'll go to join my group and if your input doesn't satisfy me you'll die right here. You understand?' To show what he meant by 'input', Cato closed his lips over Peeta's throat, sinking his teeth feraly into his flesh and drawing a thin river of blood. His tongue darted out to lick the crimson life liquid and despite himself, Peeta's breathing became slightly more laboured. He swallowed drily, though it was no longer due to fear. What was one more threat to the pile anyway? This time when Cato re-joined their lips together Peeta complied and he parted his lips willingly. He could feel the other pair of lips grinning as the adventurous tongue ventured inside his mouth once more, twisting around his own verbal muscle and licking along it until Peeta was coaxed into a battle. Of course the winner was obvious but Cato loved an opportunity to dominate and he pushed Peeta's head into the tree, prolonging the kiss until the baker was certain he'd suffocate. He knew he'd die in the Hunger Games but he didn't think it would be in such a pathetic way...Kissed to death... The sweet breath of life filled his lungs and Peeta inhaled greedily, losing himself in the feel of having Cato's lips across his throat. He threw his head back, accidentally hitting it against the bark but ignored the shooting pain, choosing to concentrate instead on what Cato was doing. The older Tribute swiped his tongue out over Peeta's Adam's apple before moving to trace the jugular, pausing to feel the other's quickening pulse beneath his lips. Oh how fragile life was...A killer's thrill ran through Cato when he realized he could kill Peeta with only the use of his teeth, just like a wild beast. Peeta wanted to free his hands but no longer to escape...The realization scared him but in the battle between his lust and his fear, his lust won by a landslide and buried fear deep under to resurface at a later date. He tried to break free again and Cato allowed it, giving the muscles one last painful squeeze to show what would happen should Peeta try any funny