That's the Way I Loved You Summary: Edward and Bella are high school sweethearts. Despite the many arguments, they both thought it was forever. But that all changes when Edward misses their anniversary and she realizes she can't do it anymore. Four years later, Bella has moved on and Edward regrets losing the greatest love he's ever known. They both return for Alice and Jasper's nuptials, old wounds open for Bella and Edward discovers his feelings never went away. Can three months change everything or will B & E be separated forever? AN: For information reasons, at the start of the story, E & B are both 18. They are seniors are in high school. Also, text like 'this' are text messages and text like "this" are thoughts. Disclaimer: Twilight = not mine. Chapter One May 9th, 2012 "Bella!" I hear him shout my name and, after slamming my locker shut, I turn in the opposite direction to head towards my first period English class. I can hear him running to catch up. "Bella, wait." "What?" I shout at him as I turn to face him, my angry brown eyes meeting his beautiful green ones. "What excuse do you have this time? Was a kitten stuck in a tree? Did Jasper need your help beating a video game? Did Emmett get his foot stuck in a toilet again? Did you have to save Sting from a burning building?" "No, nothing like that. I – God – look, I . . ." He trails off as he runs his hand through his hair. I look at him, annoyed, as I wait for his answer. "I had to be there for Tanya. Her boyfriend broke up with her." Scoffing, I say, "Tanya doesn't have boyfriends – she has flings. She was fine." I can tell he's about to interject on her behalf – 'That's not like Tanya.' He'll say. – and, having heard it so many times and not wanting to hear it again, I explain "That's no reason to miss a date. Look, I get it – she's your friend and you want to be there for her when she's hurting or in trouble or whatever. The fact of the matter is, if you're going to miss our date, you should call me. Or text me. Something, anything, just so that I know what's going on, instead of being left wondering where you are! Just so I'm not sitting at home all night, wondering if you're okay or if you crashed into a tree on the side of the road and are being rushed to the hospital!" His face softens as the warning bells ring through the halls. "Look, I really don't want to do this with an audience and I also don't want to be late for class. We'll talk about this later." I walk away and finish heading to my English class. I slide into my seat just as the final bell rings. I'm making my way to the cafeteria for lunch when I get pulled into a janitor's closet. Shocked, I look up to see Edward staring down at me. I open my mouth to say something when he speaks up. "Shut up. You spoke earlier; now it's my turn." I close my mouth and nod to indicate he can continue. "I don't want to fight. I don't like it when we fight. It's almost the end of our senior year, graduation is just around the corner, and I don't want to spend the last moments of our high school life arguing like this. I know we're going to the same college but it's still going to be different." I look away when he says his last statement. He puts his hands on my cheeks and pulls my face back up to look at him, "Anyway, I realized you were right. I should have told you – in some way – that I wouldn't be able to make it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry for not showing up. I'm sorry for not contacting you. I'm sorry for making you worry. It won't happen again, okay?" I try to keep my "angry face" on but the façade starts to crack. "You promise?" I say with a smirk. He laughs and, as he pulls me in for a kiss, says "Promise." right before our lips meet. A few minutes later, he checks to see if the coast is clear and we make our way to the lunch room, holding hands. He's right – we should just enjoy the last days of our high school life. I'll tell him about college soon. For now, everything – every problem – is forgotten. May 30th, 2012. "Hey, Edward, it's me. Obviously. Who else would call you from my number? Anyway, well, it's – " holding the phone, between my shoulder and ear, I take a break from searching for my favorite pop tarts to look at the clock above the sink – "9:00 am so you're still sleeping. When you wake up, I won't be able to answer the phone if you call. I made a hair, make-up, and nail appointment for tonight, which is why I'm calling. I just wanted to give you a reminder. I also just wanted to say I'm so excited and I can't wait to see you tonight. I'll see you at the restaurant at seven. I love you." I'm flipping through a magazine, getting my pedicure, when my phone vibrates. 'Just woke up. Got your message. Will definitely be there at 7, beautiful.' "Oh, what put that smile on your face?" Dorota, my nail technician, asked. "Um, my boyfriend. He's just confirming our plans for tonight." I show her a picture of Edward on my phone. "He's a gorgeous one. You're lucky." Laughing, I agree. "Yeah, he's hot, alright. It's our anniversary today. Three years." Dorota gives her congratulations before moving onto the next part of my pedicure and I return to my phone. ' Noon, huh? That's a record, even for you. I'm pretty sure you could rival Emmett. ;P' 'Can't beat him yet but I gotta get my practice in. It's an important part of any training regimen.' 'Oh, I see. You're right – practice is important. I'd hate for you to pull a muscle in the main sleeping competition. Lol. Now that you're up, what are you doing?' 'Besides thinking of you and how beautiful you're going to look tonight? I'm just watching SportsNet with Em and Jazz.' 'Sounds riveting.' 'Well, I'm sure it'll change in a couple of hours. Rose is upstairs helping Alice pick out 'the perfect outfit.' They're making Em and Jazz go shopping with them.' 'Oh, the non-simulated horror. I'm glad I have an excuse to be exempt.' 'Is that all our anniversary is to you? An excuse to get out of shopping with Alice? ;)' 'Of course. Well, that and the gift I'll be getting. Those are pretty much the only perks to dating you.' 'Oh, I'm wounded now. I thought I meant to more you than that.' 'Sorry to burst your bubble. Okay, I'm about to lose the use of my hands for now so I'm going to have to stop. I'll see you later. Happy anniversary. Love you. xoxo' 'Enjoy your appointments. Happy anniversary. Love you more. See you tonight, Beautiful.' At seven, I walk in to Il Modo in Cui ti ho Amato – the Italian restaurant where we had our first date – and make my way to the host's stand. "Table for Cullen." I tell the hostess. She grabs a menu and leads me to the empty table. I'm a little worried that Edward is here yet but it's possible he just ran into a little bit of traffic. The hostess pulls out my seat for me and, setting my purse and coat on the back of the chair, I slid onto the seat. She places the menu down and informs me the server will be over shortly to take my drink order. Three hours have past and I'm absolutely livid. The server – a lovely girl named Amy – tells me that they're closing and asks if she can get me anything. I look around and see the restaurant has emptied of everyone except for the staff. "No, just the check. Thank you." I say with a small smile. "Honey, all you got was water and the complimentary breadsticks. You don't owe a thing." I get up, put on my coat, grab my purse, and head to the exit. "Actually, wait here for a second." She comes back with a white, square box and hands it to me. "You're probably starving so here. It's on the house." I can see the pity in her eyes but I reluctantly take the box anyway. "Thank you." I say before she grabs the dishes and heads back to the kitchen. I leave five dollars on the table as a tip for the free mystery item and exit the restaurant. On the way home, it takes everything I have to keep from falling apart and, by the time I walk in the door, it's like I've gone numb. I should've expected that he wouldn't show – this is how it is with us. Everything's perfect for a few weeks and, then, he forgets a date, a call, or does something that causes us to fight. So, yeah, I should've expected him to pull a no-show. Should've known he wouldn't even call to tell me he would be late or he wouldn't make it. Taking off my heels and placing my coat on the hooks by the door, I make my way into the kitchen with the take out box and my purse. Slinking into the table chair, I take out my phone and look at it. Screen illuminating my face, I see the same thing I've been seeing for the past two hours and forty five minutes now. Zero missed calls. Nothing new there. I've already called him about twenty times with no answer so calling again is pointless. After grabbing a fork, I open the box and see tiramisu starting up at me, causing me to remember all the good times on this day. May 30 th , 2009. "Can I get you guys anything for dessert?" The waitress at Il Modo in Cui ti ho Amato asks us. "Tiramisu. Thanks." Edward answers as I was about to ask for a menu. The waitress writes it down on her notepad and turns to me. "Would you like anything? Or maybe I should just bring two forks with the tiramisu?" "Two forks is fine. Thank you." The waitress walks away and, surprised, I ask, "How did you know?" "I'm just that good." He smirks. "Actually, I saw you licking your lips at it earlier when they brought it out to that other table." I smile at him as the waitress brings out our dessert and we dig in. May 30 th 2010. "Where are you taking me?" I laugh as I faintly hear the twigs snapping beneath our feet. Chuckling, he answers, "You'll see soon." A few more minutes of walking and he removes his hands from my eyes. I look around and see several candles placed sporadically. Astonished, I ask "When did you have time to do all this?" "I may have had some help with the set up. And, then again, with getting them lit in time before we got here." I immediately know he means Alice. No one can quite get something like this done in time except for that crazy pixie I call my best friend. "It's beautiful but why the special treatment?" "Well, there's something I wanted to tell you and I wanted it to be perfect. But, first, we should sit down so I can show you our dessert." After we're settled on the picnic blanket, he pulls out a white, square box and opens it to reveal a piece of tiramisu,