Strange Guides Imladris General series (new) Sinister Sindar Sisters (M. Cross and B. Kennedy) Summary: This series of tales will follow the trials and tribulations of the healers and patients in Middle-earth's premier health care centre. Starring all the Tolkien characters we love! This series of scenes and stories is an unapologetic excuse for placing our favorite Middle-earth characters in hurt/care situations (mingled with our odd sense of humor). In other words, this is just for fun. It may possibly link to any of our other stories. Disclaimer: They all belong to Tolkien and New Line Cinema and anyone they sell the rights to. We get no pay for this. Feedback/Reviews: please. michelemichelecross. or on list -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Strange Guides Chapter One – Fever Dreams A bright early-autumn dawn heralded the closing of a long hot summer. The leaves on the tall trees were slowly beginning to change colour before their inevitable journey to the cooling ground. Squirrels scurried to and fro in a rush of activity, preparing their caches for the long winter ahead. The winter was expected to be hard, considering that the summer had been an unusually languid and lazy one. The hidden elven village of Imladris was a hive of activity as they also readied their food stores for the winter. Hunting parties left at various times to stock the stores of meat and groups were sent out to gather nuts and fruits, as well as the roots and herbs used both as medicines and for flavouring food. Set aside from the hustle and bustle of the winter preparations and nestled in the quiet of a still-green copse stood the majestic Last Homely House, home of Elrond, Lord of Imladris. Attached to the side of the house was the large House of Healing that served all of Imladris and the surrounding areas if healing was needed. All seemed quiet. The doors stood open in case of need. The large windows were also opened to the warm rays of Anor and to catch the cooling breezes. Inside, all was calm and peaceful for once. No pressing emergencies had presented themselves and not one patient currently resided in the healing wing. Due to this fact, not one of Imladris' ruling family was in attendance. It was a most unusual happenstance, for the fact that for once the young Lords Elrohir and Elladan were currently at home, safe and sound, not off tempting the Valar with their antics. For this Elrond, Lord of Imladris, was inordinately pleased. He, meanwhile, was taking the time to peruse his healing students' notes and making sure that their progress was as it should be and that they were also happy with their training and their tutors. This was something he insisted on, that they all had to be happy. In all his long years, he had only had to change a student and tutor team once and that had been due to a massive clash of personalities. It was something he was very proud of. Elrond was engrossed in one of the trainee's rather hysterical, and not altogether correct, views on the use of athelas. He was trying not to laugh outright, obviously the ellon had tried, but he also seemed to have only the vaguest of ideas of what the herb was used for. He would have to speak with Master Healer Linnathon to find out what was happening with this young one. If there was a problem, they would all need to know. He was smothering a laugh when a knock on the door made him look up. He somehow pulled himself together, and managed to look like the sober and proper Lord that he was, or rather should be. Only his sparkling grey eyes betrayed the fact that he was otherwise highly amused. "Elrond?" A bright blond head poked around the door. "Yes, Glorfindel?" A warm smile graced his face as he watched his old friend enter. "We were going to make the advantage of Anor's warmth before it vanishes and go swimming. Would you join us?" Mischief sparkled in his eyes as he looked at his old friend. "Come in, Glorfindel, and sit down." Glorfindel complied, noting the hint of humor in Elrond's voice. "What is so amusing, mellon nin?" Glorfindel knew from just one look that Elrond was highly amused. "This." He waved the parchment in his hands. "Most amusing. Did you know that athelas could cure Dragon Pox?" "Dragon Pox? Ai, that sounds very dangerous!" Laughter filled the air. "Very, considering that there is no such illness!" That set the two of them of into peals of laughter. Once they had calmed down and taken deep breaths, Glorfindel asked once again. "Will you come to the lake with us?" "That does sound nice. As you say, there will not be many more days like this before winter closes in about us. Yes, I will come." "Good, we are meeting in an hour. The boys will be pleased that you are coming, especially Estel." Glorfindel teased. "I am sure that he is!" Elrond remembered the last time they had gone swimming together. Estel had almost drowned. "We were all glad that you were there that day." Glorfindel admitted. They had all thought that the young foster-son of Elrond was joking when he had not surfaced following the showy dive that he had worked so hard on. "I was just as glad that Legolas was there. Without him we would not have realised in time that Estel was in trouble." Elrond's smile faded. Without the Mirkwood Prince's worry, they might not have realised that something was wrong until it was far too late. "Aye, but you were both there to rescue him, for that we are all grateful." Glorfindel agreed. "We have not had news from Mirkwood in quite some time. I hope all is well." Elrond was worried about their Woodland kin. They normally heard from either Thranduil or Legolas frequently. For them to go almost a month without word was unusual. "They are probably busy. You know what it is like there now with the spreading Shadow and the fell creatures appearing everywhere. You heard what Estel said about the last visit he made to see Legolas." Glorfindel lead the way through the corridors to Elrond's chambers. "Yes, his tales of the creeping darkness haunted me for weeks." Elrond shivered inadvertently. He could well remember when Greenwood the Great was lush and verdant. It was sad to think of it falling into darkness. At least Minerella was spared witnessing the decline of her beloved woods. "As it did me. We will hear from them, I am sure. Ah, Erestor. We are going to enjoy the last of the summer sun. Will you join us?" The scholar had just exited the library, his arms full of books. "I am sorry I must decline. I have much work to prepare for." He looked up and they could both see that he looked harassed. "Mithrandir sent a missive to me asking urgently for some information to help the Hobbits with a little problem that has arisen." "One afternoon will not matter, Erestor. I am sure that Mithrandir will not mind." Elrond smiled at his friend. He took his duties far too seriously. "The afternoon off sounds delightful but I fear it will delay matters all the more. I will try to finish this and then, if there is time, I may join you." Erestor promised them. "Good, we will keep you to that!" They watched with some concern as Erestor moved off to finish the work that had been asked of him. Elrond then turned to Glorfindel. "Remind me to make certain that Erestor takes a few days off next week. I fear he is working too hard." "I agree. He was still hard at work at midnight when I retired last evening." Glorfindel admitted. "I tried to convince him that he should retire but he told me he had too much work on to even contemplate it." "Is that so? Well if I order it and then make sure that no work comes his way, perhaps he will listen." Elrond was determined that he would get his friend to rest, one way or another, through fair means or foul. "I will help. Anything to make certain that he gets proper rest." They may always argue and act like an old married couple, but they were also friends deep down. "Good, I will hold you to that. We can ask my sons for help. I am sure they will oblige." There was once more a twinkle in Elrond's eyes as they reached his chamber and entered. Glorfindel watched as Elrond gathered the things he would need for the afternoon. "They will love that. Will you get them to rig his things with pranks?" "That was part of the thought, the library door, anything to prevent him from trying to work." Elrond grinned. His sons' antics could be most amusing, although he could not always let them know that. Glorfindel hid a mischievous grin at that. He and Elrond had been on the receiving end of the twin's pranks all too much in the past. "Shall we go and meet them at the lake now?" Elrond was ready, with towel in hand. The walk down to the lake was refreshing in itself. The cool breezes heralding the coming autumn made it much more comfortable than it had been lately. As they neared the lake they could hear Elladan, Elrohir and Estel already at play in the large natural lake fed by the waterfall. They loved to dive from the rocks around the falls, despite the shock it always gave their father. Elrond of course, conveniently 'forgot' that he had done exactly the same kind of thing in the long past to his foster-father with his brother Elros and Thranduil. "Ada, you came to join us!" Estel called happily as he swam towards the bank. "As if I would not, on a fine day like this. Just make certain you do not get cold. The last thing you need is a chill." Elrond admonished, ever the worried father. "I will not catch cold, Ada. It is still far too warm for that!" Estel sounded quite certain of that as he tread water and watched Elrond, unaware of the fact that Elladan was sneaking up on him submerged to pull him under. Elrond saw but said nothing. He just grinned as he removed his formal robes and continued speaking to Estel. "Make sure that…" He stopped as Estel was pulled underwater with a shocked "Ahhhh!" Elrond grinned and carried on talking, despite knowing Estel could not hear him now. "…you do not." A spluttering Estel came up for air a moment later and glowered at Elladan. "Not fair! My attention was elsewhere!" Elrohir meanwhile was laughing too much to talk. "I will get you back!" It was growled playfully and Estel sent a huge wave of water at his eldest brother with a sweep of his arm. Elladan gulped the water and thus began a great water fight. It was fought with a great deal of laughter mixed with good-humoured ribbing. They all enjoyed the afternoon. It was a welcome break from their duties, either patrolling or treating the injured. They were just about to pack up and head back to the Last Homely House when a shout caught everyone's attention. The sight that greeted them was rare and as such made the shock all the greater. Erestor was sprinting toward them in a great rush, robes flapping about him, calling out and waving his arms to gain their attention. They all made for the bank and pulled themselves from the water long before he reached them. "I wonder what has happened." Estel mused as he picked up his towel and wrapped it around his waist. He used another to dry his hair. "I am sure we will find out." Elrond calmly responded as