Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter Chapter 1: The Warlocks Hairy Heart "Unaware of his secret, the warlock's family laughed to see him so aloof and cold." Arthur pulled his wife to him. Molly giggled. They'd had maybe one too many drinks between them and it was affecting their balance. No apparating, that was for certain. Fifteen years they'd been together, Fifteen wonderful years. They'd survived the conception of seven beautiful children and one terrible war. They'd buried loved ones and saw the fall of a dark lord at the hands of a babe. The anniversary of their marriage. A celebration of love and endurance. Arthur giggled manically. This beautiful woman was his forever and always. How did he get so lucky? He bid Tom goodnight, the bar keeper waving while magic floated around them, glasses being scrubbed by towels, bottles pouring wine, counters shining themselves. "Do you think Bilius got them all asleep?" Molly slurred. "I'm sure he did just fine." "The twins are probably still up," Molly sighed. "They have that man curled around their little fingers. I think Bilius still feels guilty about the argument he had with Gideon and Fabien before…" She hiccupped. "Hush dear, I'm they are all fine," Arthur said, trying to draw her away from such dark thoughts. "They will be asleep. Bilius will have taken the couch. And we can sneak passed all of them and have a little fun." It worked, she giggled, pulling at his loosened tie to bring him down to her much shorter level. She kissed the side of his mouth. He dragged her closer, deepening the kiss and sighing in contentment. Protection. They needed protection, because as much as he dearly loved and cherished all of his children, making seven into eight was a terrible idea at the moment. "Floo, then potion, then fun," Arthur muttered as he grabbed a handful of powder. Molly gripped her own. They were back at the burrow within seconds, stumbling into the living room, trying to be as quiet as possible, but failing. Their feet stomped and their toes seemed to hit every piece of furniture. "Bilius," Molly stage whispered. "We've come to rescue you!" She fell into a fit of giggles. Arthur smiled at her before looking around. His big brother wasn't sleeping on the couch. It was quite late, but the man had always been a night owl, so he wasn't surprised. "Bilius," Arthur called, walking into the kitchen. It too was empty. He headed towards the stairs and as quietly as a six-foot-tall, highly intoxicated, love drunk self could manage, he checked the rooms one by one. It wasn't until he'd checked Ginny's room near the top that a nauseas feeling began to pull into his stomach. Ron's room was the only one left. For as long as Arthur could remember, his brother had been… eccentric. Bilius wore thick gloves all the time and the man always wanted new things. He refused to touch anything from a thrift shop or any of Arthur's muggle devices. Not that Bilius was a prude, he was very casual actually, very careful with his money, but these contradictions only weighed more heavily upon his known status as odd. His big brother was a wonderful human being. Charming, funny, though some of his jokes could be inappropriate, his pranks more so on occasion. Arthur loved him. There was also an oldness to him. As if he'd seen far more than he'd ever wanted to. As if he'd traveled the world more than once and felt entirely too tired of it all. That hadn't started until his eccentricities did. It was while they'd been at Hogwarts, Arthurs third year and Bilius sixth. Though Arthur asked many times what changed during that year, Bilius remained tight lipped and cold towards him when the subject came up, and only on this subject, ever. So Arthur eventually dropped it. Bilius never married. Much to their mother's chagrin. The man never showed any interest in it. When Arthur had hesitantly broached the subject, Bilius replied: "You're supposed to spend your entire life getting to know the ins and outs of your partner. It's what keeps it interesting. Learning the depths of their courage, the strength of their compassion, the little things that surprise you. I can't be surprised. I can't be intimate with another person. Most of the time, I can't even be myself. How could I ever doom another human being to the hell that would be being with me?" Arthur didn't understand most of what was said. But he understood the pain and the sadness that laced those words. He knew his brother did not like hugs, but he threw his arms around the man anyways. Squeezing the tense muscles under him briefly before pulling away. "Don't talk like that," Arthur scolded, searching his brother's eyes. "You're a great person. Don't sell yourself short." Bilius just gave him a strained smile in reply. The subject only came up a few more times, mainly in the presence of his mother. Their father passed away a long time ago, the death having taken a toll on all of them, but especially Bilius. They had been much closer than Arthur had been to either of them. Secretive. With each child that came into this world, Bilius seemed more unhappy. Though he loved the children, he stated that the Weasley line was one he thought should end. Not one to breed all over the place. Why he felt this way, Arthur never managed to get his brother to tell him. Never the less, Bilius loved his kids, especially Fred and George, but Arthur had a inkling that the twins were a strange mix of Molly's twin older brothers and his own. How it happened, genetically, he will never know, but there it was. The twins really weren't anything like he or Molly, too mischious for their own good and taking far too much delight in the misfortunes of others. Though Arthur would admit taking an unhealthy, long laugh when Lucius Malfoy tripped and fell into the fountain half a year ago during a festival. Chuckle. That's why what happened was so devastating. Fabion and Gideon had called first dibs holding Ron after Molly and himself. Bilius had waited patiently for his turn. Just as he always did. He always looked so disapproving when Arthur first announced another child coming, but he always looked wide eyed and awe struck when he got to hold them. It had been the same with Ron, at first, Bilius held the small redhead to him, bouncing him up and down gently, though that seemed hardly necessary seeing as the moment the babe left Gideon's arms to his brother's, he'd quieted. With the baby still in his arms, he carefully removed his thick gloves and let his fingers be gripped by tiny fingers. When Ronald's fist encircled Bilius large knuckle though, something changed. His brother looked devastated. "What's wrong?" Arthur demanded, taking two quick strides over and swooping the baby out of his older brother's arms. He looked down to see big blue eyes looking up at him curiously, a tiny yawn showing no signs of distress or being hurt. Bilius eyes never left Ronald. "Nothing's wrong Arthur, just thinking about something Dad said once," Bilius murmured. "I've been here too long. I think it's time I head out. Paperwork won't fill itself out." "Don't be a git," Fabion told Bilius. "The babe's just popped out, sorry Molls, wrong term. Besides, you promised you'd help watch the kids for the next few days." Bilius shook his head, like the thought burned him. "Well then, perhaps they should have figured out that five kids is more than plenty to take care of," Bilius muttered. "What did you say?" Gideon snapped, eyes blazing. "I think leaving would be a good idea," Arthur cut in, searching his brother's eyes for an explanation. "Come back when you've got your head on straight." "Haven't had my head on straight since I was sixteen," Bilius said. "But I know what you mean. It's for the best. I'll talk to you later, Arthur." He apologized later for the incident, but Molly had refused to talk to him for several months longer. His words falling away from her not unlike she'd cast a protego. Like many things before it; Bilius frail immune system (and his constant sickness), their father's suicide, their mother's depression, Bilius social nature yet refusal to be social- like all of these things- Bilius's tendency to not go near Ron was also swept under the rug. Ron tended to stay away from Bilius just as much. Oddly enough. The toddler scrunched up his nose whenever his Uncle came around. Bilius never tried to pick him up like the other children and, despite being a child in need of attention, never asked Bilius to pick him up. Arthur didn't know what to make of it. Shortly after Ron had turned four, they were in the kitchen, Bilius had come over to borrow some of Molly's pans in preparation for their mother's arrival in his home. Bilius owned very little in the way of cooking utensils and went to every expense to hide his lack of domesticity from their mother each time she visited. Arthur couldn't argue, before Molly's cooking, he too preferred take out (still did on occasion). "I'm sorry, Bilius, it seems I've misplaced the cooking pot," Arthur muttered. He passed by Ron. His shoulder brushing against Ron's as the little boy tugged and tried to muscle his way through the workings of the puzzle Percy had set up on the table for him. Ron looked up suddenly to stare at his dad. "Don't you remember?" Ron piped up. "Well, that's the problem," Arthur chuckled, bemused. Ron pointed to an upper cabinet on the other side of the kitchen. "You put it up there because mummy said that 'the blasted thing' kept falling out and hitting her. So you took it and put it where it wasn't so crowded. You said your mummy was stupid for getting it for you in the first place," Ron said solemnly. Arthur cringed. "Did I now?" He murmured. He remembered now, though he could have sworn that Ron or any of his children were not in the house that day. They'd been playing hide and seek in the woods. Perhaps Ron had wandered back in without them knowing, seeking to outsmart his fellow siblings. "Uh-huh," Ron nodded his head, "And you swore. A lot." Yes, yes he had. For while he was getting the pot down it had fallen on his head. He glanced over at Bilius, wanting to swear his brother to silence on this matter. Molly would certainly not see it as an accident and his big brother was not below tattling to get back into the good graces of the woman around them. But Bilius did not seem to be paying attention. He was ashen faced, eyes blankly staring ahead, though in the general direction of… Ron. He looked back at Ron, but his boy was fixated on the puzzle as if he'd never been interrupted in the first place. He walked up to Bilius and shook the older man. Bilius pulled away automatically, Arthur tried to brush it off, as he'd done all these years. This time seemed more… severe though. "This has to stop," Arthur growled. If Ron ever found out his Uncle had a problem with him then his little boy would be hurt. He wouldn't let Bilius's eccentricities hurt his little boy in any way. The man shook himself like a dog, nodding his head in agreement. "Listen, little bro, there's something I have to tell you, something me and dad didn't think you would ever have to deal with." That got Arthur's attention. "What is it?" Arthur demanded, "Wait! Let me get Ron down, take him to Molly, then we can talk in private." "Actually, it's