Hey guys! I hope you enjoy my new three-shot !I Got the main idea and storyline from a challenge on Potions and Snitches. It was challenged by Alexannah and it said, " When Harry returns to Privet Drive grieving, Dudley notices something's not right and decides he has to help. Dudley tries to make up for bullying Harry for so long, by looking after him now. Could be set after OotP or HBP. Your choice how Severus comes into it. Dursleys can be more abusive than canon but not required. Bonus points for a scene where Dudley is trying to persuade Harry to eat. Bonus points if Dudley confronts/stands up to his parents. Double bonus points if Dudley tries to save Harry from them. Triple bonus points if Dudley confronts Severus about his treatment of Harry." Warnings: Dursley abuse and Language. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter in any way, shape or form. If I did, Remus, Fred and Sirius wouldn't of died. :'( Also keep in mind, the first two paragraphs are from the book. Please keep in mind that there might be spelling and grammar mistakes, I'll fix them as I see them. :) And one last thing, please read this all the way throughout, it gets better as it goes on (I think..) Thanks! :) ***Chapter One*** . .oO-Oo. Are you threatening me, sir?" he said, so loudly that passers-by actually turned to stare. "Yes, I am," said Mad-Eye Moody, who seemed rather pleased that Uncle Vernon had grasped this fact so quickly. With a scowl, Harry's uncle marched toward the exit, leaving his wife, son and nephew in his large wake. Mumbling something about the no good freaks. Harry on the other hand haven't said a word since saying bye to Remus. Sirius had just died. The memories rushed back to him in a wave of nausea and guilt, threatening to leave him drowning in his own thoughts. Being pulled into the memories like a tide, Harry followed after his uncle subconsciously, not finding enough feeling inside him to care. Why should I care? Harry knew that this summer was going to be filled with unimaginable pain, how could it be filled with anything but? He had handed Sirius over to Voldemort, not thinking of his own actions, or the upcoming outcome that would hurt him so bad. Because of me Sirius is dead. And it was true, it hurt Harry to even feel. Numbness was better. If he started feeling, he would unfreeze, causing a long chain reaction, all leading to Sirius. Just thinking the name threatened to drown him. Sirius Black. His Godfather, Padfoot, the last person who actually cared... Dead. And it was his fault. His fault Sirius had died. His fault that he no longer had a godfather. His fault that he was fooled by Voldemort. Sirius would still be alive if not for me... "Well get in, Freak!" Aunt Petunia's shrill voice chided at him, piercing through his thoughts like a dagger in the side. With a seconds hesitation, he plopped himself down on the seat, shut the door, and put his head against the window hoping that maybe this summer would go by faster. Fat chance of that, Vernon and Dudders will still use me as a punching bag. . . .oO-Oo. Dudley Dursley Dudley watched as the man with the strapped eye walk away from his father with his head held high as if he had won something. He hadn't . Dudley knew his father, Vernon Dursley would just treat Harry worse because of the weird freaks. His father walked away, leading the way back out, and back onto the regular and human platform. Harry had called it the muggle platform when he was twelve. Soon, the freak station melted away and Vernon continued to March down the platforms, passing nine as he stomped down ferociously, as if just being in the same vicinity of freaks offended him on a personal level. Dudley watched his cousin with interest, harry had gained a touch of muscle, maybe he could prove a good fighting buddy this summer. With all of his friends on vacation, he supposed he would get lonely. Besides, Harry had always had a temper of fire when pushed a bit, so it shouldn't be too hard. Trying to prove his internal theory, Dudley stepped on the back of his cousins shoe, hoping he would fall. However, Harry didn't fall, not even when Dudley fanatically pounced on the heel of each foot after every step. He didn't even react. No cringing or tensing as if ready to jump into a war, nothing. Instead, Harry plowed on, following Vernon giant wake as they passed platform number seven. Angered and annoyed, Dudley shoved Harry into his mothers back, praying that he would get yelled at, or even better, slapped. Instead Harry bumped into Petunia bonelessly, as if he no longer has control of his body. The horse faced woman turned to glare at Harry before stomping up to Vernon and whispering ferociously into his ear. With an exceedingly angered sneer, Vernon turned around just to shoot a look of fury at his nephew, who didn't even look up. Harry continued to walk without any hesitation, almost like as if he didn't notice that he would be in trouble at home. Dudley, decided that he could play his cousins game too, so he walked on, uncaring, and ignored the world as he followed his parents. They eventually made it to the car, where Dudley's mother began to screech at Harry to get in the car. Without a care in the world, Harry slowly slid himself into the car and sat down before leaning against the window. Then Vernons rant started... "Boy! You will not disrespect us! I do not care if your freaks are there, I will have you be obedient!" Vernon spat, raising his voice more as he spoke. "They can't protect you anymore!" He continued on, gesturing to the fading train station through the window. "I will not have you sully our good name!" "Do you understand freak?" He finished, raising both his hands off the steering wheel and glaring at Harry through the rearview mirror. Dudley watched as Harry closed his eyes and seemed to put more of his weight against the window, as if he didn't hear Vernon. "DO YOU GET IT FREAK!" Vernon shouted, waving one of his fists around. Harry opened his eyes and blinked a few times before shaking his head lazily and leaning back into the door. Vernon suddenly swerved the car off the road and pounded on the brakes, causing petunia to smacked into the dashboard, and Dudley to smash his knees into the seat. With a grunt of anger, Vernon turned to Harry and started screaming. "WHEN I AM TALKING TO YOU, YOU LISTEN! I AM THE ADULT, YOU ARE THE CHILD! YOUR FREAKLINGS CANT TOUCH ME! YOU WILL LISTEN! OR YOU WILL PAY THE CONSEQUENCES!" The almost purple faced man cried, then asked his question again. "DO YOU UNDERSTAND!?" Dudley was shaking when Harry slowly removed his head from the window and glared icily at his uncle. Then he drawled out his answer with a puff of arrogance, "Of course Uncle Vernon. You know best." Vernon raised his fist again and shook it in anger,"DO NOT GET SMART WITH ME! YOU WILL BE-" He abruptly stopped talking and grabbed at his throat, as if choking. He gasped and pointed at Harry, then grabbed at his throat again. Dudley didn't know how his dad thought that Harry could've done that. Sure, he had broken glass and made the lights flicker, but hurting somebody, hurting an adult? Harry wouldn't, he couldn't! He had never hurt anyone before. Dudley stole a glance at Harry and was shocked. . . Harry was staring at his uncle with a look of pure terror, and his eyes were a dull green. Almost a dark grey! Dudley thought it was odd, but the most particular thing was the look he was sporting. Almost as if he had just murdered someone. Was he doing to kill Vernon? Nope, Vernon was breathing gruffly with bulging eyes. Dudley knew that look, his father was furious! With a look of pure hate, Vernon began to speak roughly, "You will pay for that you idiot." Harry flinched then looked to Petunia as if to prey for sanctuary. She just smirked. Knowing he wouldn't revive any mercy from her, Harry looked back down and fiddled with his hands, bending and twisting them in every which way and direction. It was odd. At least in Dudley's mind. What happened to his the brash and reckless cousin he knew. Did something happen at the freak show school he went to? Then again he reminded himself, he didn't care either way. For all he cared, Harry could fall of a cliff and land in a pit of pointed rocks. A teeny tiny part of Dudley tried to argue against that, but he pushed the thought away without hesitation. After all, who cared about freaks? . . .oO-Oo. Dudley Dursley Ha! The freak got what he deserved! That's what he told himself when he saw Harry washing his face in the bathroom the following night. Harry was sporting a black eye and bruised biceps. Dudley was quite proud of himself for bruising Harry's arms, and the funny part was that the freak didn't even fight him! Now he finally realized that he deserved it! Dudley knew that his father was a fair, Harry probably knew that now too. After all, he had mouthed off to the man who gave him a roof over his head and food to eat! Not to mention all the money he sacrificed on his behalf! "What is it, big D?" Harry asked, staring questioningly at his cousin, as if awaiting a war. "Mum wants dinner done in half an hour." Dudley updated him, smirking as Harry nodded then grabbed his head as of just the simple movement hurt him. Seeing the smirk, Harry rolled his eyes and questioned, " What Dudders? You think this, " he gestured to his blackened eye, "is funny?" "Yeah." He responded happily, secretly hoping that Harry would backtalk him so he could make a matching bruise for his other eye. Harry marched off, making his way into the kitchen as Dudley waddled unsatisfied to his room. . .oO-Oo. Harry Potter Is there anyone that doesn't hate me and enjoy my pain? Harry though miserably, stalking into the kitchen with a throbbing eye and barley noticeable ache in his upper arms. You could write Remus or someone in the order, he chided himself before pushing the thought down and telling himself that he really did deserve all of this. After all, he had killed Sirius. Deciding to make a grilled chicken dish with cesar salad, Harry grabbed out the lettuce and began to chop off the bottoms and soggy tops. Maybe I won't screw this meal up . A tiny ray of hope shone in his thoughts. Yeah, and maybe I won't get hit again all summer! A giant shadow admonished the thought. And as weird as it was, the thought no longer scared him. Even better, he wouldn't be hurting anybody else. He quickly finished plating the meal, and set it out at the table before scampering up the stairs to his room. Within literal seconds, he heard Dudley's heavy waddling steps headed for the dining room. Then Dudley's loud voice yelled that dinner was done. Once Harry was sure that they were all eating, he reached into his pocket and grabbed out a strip of chicken for Hedwig. Slowly, the evening passed and Harry fell into an uncomfortable sleep. . .oO-Oo. Dudley wandered out of his room when he heard the shouting start. When he approached the kitchen, he soon saw what was making his father so angry. Leaning against a wall, Harry stood there casually