HEY THERE! I know many of you don't know me at all and of course I don't know you. But if you read any of my work, liked it and The Huger Games this is for you. I want to put a more detailed summary in here: (It is said from the main character's POV) Girls that would be born a year after me are lucky because this year every 16 year old girl in districts 7-12 will be sent away to district 1-6 to meet the person she will be forced to marry and live with for the rest of their lives and girls from districts 1-6 will come to district 7-12. I was shipped to District Two and now am 'married' to the man I hate. Katniss is here with me and is married to his best friend. They get along well, like bread and butter. Unlike Cato and I. Over time I think I'll learn to live with him but I wish I was home in District 12 I wish I could live with my father still. I wish alot of things in my life didn't happen. I know things will get better here. As time moves on I know my feelings for Cato have grown I learned that he is like me in a way. Keeping his real self hidden form the people that changed him. He acts like himself around me the Cato I learned to love. The barrier I built around myself has fallen and he likes the real me the me that I like too. He brings out a new me a me that I wanted to be. I bring out a new him the him that he wanted to be. *Sigh* Well I am going to shut up and get to writing! R&R Katniss is OCC in here too. I didn't want today to happen. Not at all I was being taken from my district, my home. Away from district 12. I didn't know which I would be shipped off to and I didn't care really I wanted to say home. I wiggled under the 'electrified' fence and walked into the woods. I would miss this more than I would miss my father, the freedom I would have when walking in the woods with Katniss and Gale. I would miss them too but Katniss was 16 also so she would be in the same emotional state. I stuck my hand into the hollow tree trunk and retrieved my bow then my arrows. Girls that would be born a year after me are lucky because this year every 16 year old girl in districts 7-12 will be sent away to district 1-6 to meet the person she will be forced to marry and live with for the rest of their lives and girls from districts 1-6 will come to district 7-12. The next year it switches, so the 16 year old boys from districts 7-12 leave and boys from district 1-6 will come and take their place. Gale was lucky also. He didn't have to leave. I didn't really even get why they did this stupid trade thing. My mother told me it was to mix the diff rent talents of each district still I don't get it. I heard the light crunch of leaves under feet and my reflexes immediately grabbed an arrow from my small quiver, strung it to the bow, pulled back the string and aimed for the sound. My muscles relaxed when I saw Katniss in a stance just like mine. I lowered my bow and she did the same. She walked towards me and gave me a hug, I felt my body stiffen when her arms wrapped around me. This was a bit out of character of Katniss, take that back not a bit alot. I hugged her back and when she let go her eyes were filled with tears. I knew what she was thinking, what was going to happen to Prim and Ms. Everdeen. She had the worry I didn't keeping her family alive. I only had my father he would come hunting when he needed it I only did it because it was the only thing I had to do really. We both headed toward the rock, our rock the rock we shared with Gale, the rock where we all watched each other grow up. When we reached our destination I saw down next to it laying my head onto it's cold surface. I heard Katniss climb it and lay down on it. We both sat in the silence of the forest, there wasn't the usual bird chirping it was like they knew of the sad sad day ahead of us. "Hello Ladies," Gale's voice broke the silence that I wanted to absorb. I saw Gale with his arms in the air acting like it was a good day, he knew it wasn't though. I picked up a good sized rock and threw it at him. I heard his slight ow and laughed a bit. He always found ways to make me laugh. "What is with all the rock throwing Lexus?" I positively hated that nickname. He came up with the worst ones like Catnip, I understand why Katniss hates it. ""Because you're being a piece of cat crap." I shot back. "She has a point Gale." Katniss chimed in while I stood up and walked towards Gale. "You know whats happening today buddy boy, and you don't really even care do you?" I said looking into his grey Seam eyes. Sure Gale had a few inches on me but I could tower over him with my evil eye. I saw the cheeriness in his eyes disappear and the gloom in his voice when he spoke. "Ok, ok I know you both are leaving and getting married in less than 24 hours, but come on we should make the most of," He looked up into the sky, "next 30 minutes, maybe 20." "Touché." I said letting my eyes soften and drag away from his. I heard Katniss's feet hit the ground and her walk away. I followed her and saw Gale follow after us. I strung my bow and saw Gale and Katniss had already done the same. We all were on our toes and waiting for the first kill of the day. Us three had a system of know who's arrows were who's on the tails of the arrows were certain color that we painted on, so when we all shot the same thing for instance the arrow closest to the head would get the game. My color was grey, Gale's was blue, Katniss's was Red. We all heard the familiar snort of wild hog and our reflexes snapped into place. Our arrows flew at the same time and Katniss's was closest to the hog's head. Now with a kill like this we all split the game person's arrow closest to the head gets the biggest piece. I was first to pull my arrow from the hog and get the cleaning part of the kill both Katniss and I cleaned the arrows and Gale divided the meat. This all happened in silence except for Katniss's low humming. I loved how these moments moved along swiftly without questions and when we finished I looked into the sky after putting the hunk of meat into my game bag. "Well nice seeing you Gale." I said breaking the silence and Katniss stopped her slow hum. Gale looked at both Katniss and I could tell there were tears in his eyes. I didn't blame him I was on the verge of crying myself. I did the thing I never planned to do to Gale at that moment. I gave him a hug a hug I knew he needed badly I felt Katniss's arms wrap around him and we had a group hug that was the dreaded good-bye none of wanted to speak of. When we all separated I saw Gale with tears sliding down his cheeks. I playfully punched his arm while saying, "Come on Gale is ok, for all you know I might run away and come back just to say hi." I saw him smile a bit and I then started the trek back to the district. They both followed behind me and when we reached the fence I turned to to Gale. I took off my quiver and handed him my bow. "Keep it, I'm not going to be using it where I'm going." I pushed the objects that were so sacred to me in his hands. He took them and smiled his rare crooked smile. "Thank you Alexia." said after a few moments he called me by my real name, I knew he was serious when he did I then turned towards the fence and crawled back into the district. I walked away from them both letting Katniss say what she wanted and I saw the tears start to fog up my vision, I didn't let them fall though I need to get home and do that not where anyone could see me. When I reached my small home I opened the door and saw my father sitting on the edge of his bed. His head was hung over and I could hear his low sobbing. I slowly and quietly closed the door and walked to him. I crouched down and sat on my knees and peered up into his face through is dark auburn hair just like mine. "Daddy,"I rarely called him that it brought out the little girl in me, " Its ok, I'm gonna be fine where ever they ship me off to and you know it." I saw my father's head pop up and his face was wet with tears, his dark grey eyes a little red. He sat up and reached out and hugged me. I hugged back trying to get as much as the rare embrace from him as possible. I sat in his lap my face on his shoulder and let the tears I held in fall. He smoothed my hair down my head like he did when I was two and people laughed at my strange eye color. "I don't want to leave daddy," I sat up and looked into his eyes, "they can't make me, I want to stay here you can keep me here and I can stay with Gale and go hunting every morning and I could get Katniss to stay and everything would be normal..." I blabbered on for a minute tears still flowing down my face one after another. My father stood me up and looked me straight in the eye and said in a hard, convincing voice. "You will go Lexi, you can go to what ever place they send you, live, eat like you never have, and just remember I love you. I will always love you." He stood up now and hugged me again his arms were wrapped around my upper back and mine around his waist. I glanced at the small clock on the wall and saw it was 2:40, my eyes widened I needed to be at the town square at 3:00. I let go of my father and went into the small bathroom we had to change. I changed into the only dress I had, it was a dark grey dress that was my mother's. It was rather simple just a regular old dress. I looked into the tiny mirror and ran a small comb through my hair curly dark auburn hair, then I saw the only thing I like about my face. My eyes. They were an abnormal color they were a combination of a light blue and a dark grey. The sold color was grey but the blue swirled through my eyes. They looked amazing to me but I was looked at as weird when I was in school. My father said that the people of the capitol would kill to have their