A/N: This story is going to have many, many trigger warnings. There aren't really any in the beginning chapters, but there will be lots in the upcoming ones. Please use your own judgement when reading. I prefer not to put trigger warnings in each chapter so this is a blanket warning for the fic. This fic may include smut, violence, torture, death, coercion, and a number of other things that are TBD. Please be cautious if you need to be. Much Love! Xoxo, Luce Disclaimer: I don't own anything in the Harry Potter Universe. It all belongs to the Queen, J.K. Beta Love !: Dreamingofstars85 CHAPTER ONE Obvious Insanity July 3rd, 1997 Hermione was numb. She could feel the hard folding chair beneath her. She could feel the sun beating on her skin. She could feel the warm breeze of early July across her face, and she could feel Harry's hand holding hers, but everything else, everything inside was numb. Dumbledore was dead, and she just couldn't process that. Quite possibly the only man who Voldemort feared, the man she had trusted and looked up to, the man who kept Hogwarts safe, was gone. As the service ended, she glanced over at Harry and gave his hand a squeeze before letting go. She felt another wave of grief seeing the tears on his face. Realising that her own eyes were far from dry, she used her other arm to wipe away the wetness, before sniffling and standing up. Sighing, she looked back at her best friend. "I'll be back in a bit Harry, I need some air," She turned from him and walked towards the back of the field where the funeral was being held, glad they had chosen seats on the outside of the row so she didn't have to cross in front of anyone, thus avoiding unwanted conversations. Hermione continued walking until she could only hear a dull hum of the voices from the crowd. She glanced out over the Black Lake and took a deep breath. Exhaling felt like melting. Like her body was sinking, and she didn't have the energy or the will to do anything but let it. Finding herself on her knees, she decided to just sit back, cross her legs, and take a moment. This was the first time that Hermione had been away from Harry or Ron since finding out Dumbledore was gone, and she desperately needed to decompress. She tried to stay strong for her friends, but inside, Hermione was falling to pieces. The anxiety she felt was crippling. Between the fear and the immense grief she was drowning in, Hermione couldn't formulate a plan that had any possibility of working. It was like her brain went on vacation, and all she could do was wait for it to come back. Squaring her shoulders and standing up, Hermione found that she was giving herself a mental kick in the arse. Get up, Hermione. Get up. You cannot sit here, wallowing in grief. Get up, make a plan, and end this. With that steel resolve in mind, Hermione stood from her spot near the lake and turned to rejoin Harry and Ron, as the school said goodbye to their beloved Headmaster. xXxXxXx Upon returning to her seat, Harry gave Hermione one of those looks, questioning her absence without actually using any words, like only best friends were able. "I'm okay, I just needed a moment," she whispered in response. Harry nodded, understanding the need, and reached to her chair, picking up a piece of folded and sealed parchment, and handing it to her. "Someone dropped this off for you. I'm actually not sure who it was, I wasn't paying much attention…" He trailed off, looking towards the coffin in front of them. Curiously, Hermione turned the parchment in her hands, recognising Professor McGonagall's seal on the back. Slowly taking her seat beside Harry, she ran her finger underneath the seal, breaking it and then opening the parchment. Miss Granger, As you are aware, I am now acting Headmistress of Hogwarts, and as such, need to delegate some of my duties, especially those pertaining to Gryffindor House. I request your presence to discuss these matters this evening. Please join me after dinner - save room for a Lemondrop. Minerva McGonagall, Glancing over the parchment Hermione sighed. It was literally one of the last things she wanted to deal with. No way could she handle any more responsibilities right now. "What did it say 'Mione?" Ron was leaning forward looking between the parchment and Hermione's now fraught face. "Professor McGonagall wants to meet with me. Something about her needing to delegate some of her duties concerning Gryffindor House, since she is now Acting Headmistress." She explained, passing the parchment to Ron. "After dinner tonight," she added for Harry's benefit, though she couldn't tell if he was even listening. Her best friend had been a shell the last few days. Wandering around without actually knowing what was going on. She had to figure out a way to pull him out of this; they had to move on. They had to continue with Dumbledore's mission. They had to continue. They had to. xXxXxXx Hermione stared across the table at Harry. He hadn't even touched his plate yet, even though she had fixed it up for him over ten minutes ago. "Harry, you have to eat. You can't continue on like this." She murmured, reaching her hand across the table and placing it on his. Harry looked up at her, and she softly smiled at him. Her best friend. The one person who always understood her. He was hurting so much that it physically pained Hermione. She could almost see the pieces of his broken heart, but she didn't know what to do to help him heal it, if it even could be healed. She squeezed his hand reassuringly, earning her the briefest, smallest smile. She brought her hand back, picking up her own fork, and pushing her food around her plate. They sat in silence, too numb for conversation. The whole room was eerily quiet, as the staff and students had no heart for discussions tonight. The sounds of silverware and an occasional hushed, hurried conversation were all that could be heard. Hermione stood from the table, whispering to Ron that she would meet them in the common room when she had finished her meeting with Professor McGonagall, and requested he try and get Harry to at least take a few bites. She headed out of the Great Hall, and began the walk towards the Headmaster's - no, Headmistress' Office. She was still going over reasons she couldn't take on any more responsibilities when she reached the stone gargoyle. Hoping that had been a clue in the Headmistress's letter, Hermione tentatively called out, "Lemondrop", and was relieved when the gargoyle moved aside to reveal the staircase. She reluctantly began climbing towards the office. When she reached the end of the stairs, Hermione gave a light knock on the wall. She saw Professor McGonagall standing behind the desk, looking out the window down to the grounds, which were aglow with light from the waxing moon. The Professor turned around at the sound, and Hermione got a good look at her for the first time in several days. Her face was somber, and there were dark circles under her eyes. She was clearly under a lot of stress, and was trying not to show its burden on her. "Miss Granger, I thank you for taking the time to meet with me tonight. I know it has been a very long few days for you, but unfortunately the matter which we must discuss is quite urgent. Please sit." Confused, Hermione headed towards the chair across from the Professors at the desk, and sat down. "Urgent? Professor, I am sure the other Gryffindor students won't mind a delay in certain tasks as you adjust to this new position." "I am sorry Miss Granger, but my letter was not entirely truthful. I do have some… duties … to pass on to you, but they have nothing to do with your house. They are of the utmost secrecy, which is why I could not explain them in a letter." "Professor, I don't understand-" Ignoring her, Professor McGonagall continued, "I am aware that you will be turning 18 shortly, Miss Granger." Puzzled, Hermione confirmed "Yes, that's correct…" "You are, in fact, two months shy of that. Though the Ministry deems you legal at 17, because most witches and wizards are still in school another year after that, the Order doesn't start recruiting until the age of 18." Professor McGonagall had turned back to the window, and was again looking at the grounds below, as she continued. "However, considering the urgency of the situation, I have decided to overlook that technicality, and officially offer you an invitation to join The Order of the Phoenix. The Order has never had a member who is still in school before." Hermione sat, stunned into silence, which honestly she could only remember happening once or twice before. One of those times was when she was 12 and facing a giant troll. It was that rare. Finally, she spoke, "Professor, I'm not sure I understand… Why are you- Why am I- What is going on here?" She was stumbling over her words and beyond confused. "Miss Granger, I find myself in a situation that requires delicacy, and secrecy. Albus' death makes me not only the head of the Order of the Phoenix, but its public face, if you will. That means, undoubtedly, that I will become an even bigger target for you-know-who, and his followers. I have certain…information, that I am keeping, that I must pass on, so that in the event of my death, it is not lost. Does that make sense?" She turned back towards the witch as she posed the question. "Yes, but why me professor?" Hermione was trying to wrap her head around this situation, but it was proving difficult. "You are the brightest witch of your age Miss Granger," she stated, as if it were obvious. "Before I tell you any more, however, I will need to know if you accept this invitation into the Order, and this task. As I said, it is a secret which cannot be lost, and I must have your full commitment before divulging it." Her voice was stern, but unsure. Like she didn't know how Hermione would respond. "Of course Professor, of course. I will help in whatever way I can, obviously." "Good. Very good. Alright, Miss Granger, I will inform the other members of the Order of your decision, although no one else will know the details of your specific mission, only that you are an official member of the Order, and have been given a task from myself, which is quite important. You are to discuss this with no one. Do you understand? Not even Misters Potter and Weasley, which I know is asking a lot of you, and I am sorry for that." "It's alright, Professor, I understand," Hermione's reply was quiet. She did not, in fact, understand at all. She was utterly confused, and baffled as to what exactly the Professor was getting at, and why she was even being asked to join the Order. What about Harry and Ron? Well, at least Harry… He was surely an asset to the Order… But her curiosity was beyond piqued, and she found that the need to know what was happening was overpowering all her other queries. The Acting Headmistress looked downright nervous. Like she wasn't sure how to say the information she had, or, more so, not sure how to say it to Hermione . This was not a look that she could ever recall seeing on this particular witch, and it made Hermione nervous, too. She began fidgeting her hands, which had been resting in her lap. "I understand this information is going to