Entry into the Quills & Parchment Lemonade One Shot Competition 2017. Best One Night Stand. Runner up for: Best Angst, Best Banter, and Best Dirty Talk. A/N: This was a SMUT competition. As such, it's adult material. Disclaimer: I don't own anything in the Harry Potter Universe. It all belongs to the Queen, J.K. Beta Love: Dreamingofstars85 LETTING GO She sat at the bar, alone, for the fourth night this week. It was quickly becoming a habit, and if she weren't knee deep in disgust with herself, Hermione might have thought this habit was becoming a problem. As it was, though, she was one drink closer to pissed, and one drink further from caring. Pushing her now empty glass forward, Hermione raised one hand, signaling her need— want, her want for another drink. If she started talking about needing alcohol, then she would have to quit, and she wasn't ready to give up this crutch yet. Hannah Abbot made her way to the far end of the bar where Hermione sat. She reached for the empty glass, and smiled at Hermione. "Another, Hannah. Please." Hermione requested on the tail end of a sigh. Hannah turned away without saying anything and began fixing the drink. After she returned with a full glass and slid it in front of Hermione, she leaned forward, propping her head in her hands, elbows resting on the bartop. "What's eating you Hermione?" she asked pointedly. No beating around the bush for this Hufflepuff, apparently. "Don't worry about it, Hannah." The woman was sweet as sugar, and Hermione didn't feel like tainting that. "You've been in here four days in a row now, Hermione. Until last call. I've been a barmaid long enough to know when someone is trying to hide from a problem." "Can you tell Tom that I personally request he hire less observant and nosey personnel?" Hermione laughed humorlessly. Truth was, Hannah was spot on. "I'll tell him, love. Now you tell me," she replied, directing the conversation right back onto her personal track. Hermione took a long sip from her drink, feeling the alcohol wash over her. She was already quite buzzed, and one or two drinks more would have her unquestionably drunk. "As you have already pointed out Hannah, I am here to forget, and drown my sorrows. So if you don't mind, I'd love to skip this conversation entirely." she stated firmly."Unless you can point me in the direction of a tall, dark, and handsome drink of water, then this glass is going to have to do," she joked, taking another sip. "Speak of the devil," Hannah chuckled under her breath. "What can I get for you?" she asked to someone over Hermione's shoulder. "Well I heard a lovely lady over here asking for a tall, dark, and handsome 'drink of water', and here I am," the smooth voice said, just as Hermione heard the stool next to her scrape across the floor. "Eavesdropping is not the way to a lady's heart," Hermione groaned, rolling her eyes. "Ah, that may be, but it sure does help when you're trying to get into her knickers," he replied. Amused, Hermione turned to look at the man for the first time, and was actually pleased with who she saw. "Blaise Zabini, Hogwarts' whore. I see you haven't changed much in six years." "At your service." he winked, "Hermione Granger." The way he said her name, and the accompanying perusal of her body, left no doubt to the fact that he was also pleased with what he saw. "You, on the other hand, have changed considerably." She scoffed, picking up her drink. "You didn't know me in school Zabini, and you definitely don't know me now." Raising her glass to her lips, Hermione took a sip, watching the man sit down next to her as he ordered a drink. Blaise Zabini was indeed tall, dark, and handsome. He always had been, but apparently the six years since they had graduated, and last seen each other, had been exceptionally kind to him. He wore black trousers and a grey button up with the top two buttons deliciously undone. His sleeves were rolled up to the elbow, and Hermione could see the strong, lean muscles of his forearm. She took another drink from her glass, not bothering to hide her appreciation of his appearance. "You're drooling, Granger." smirking he took his drink from Hannah. "You wish," she purred. He shrugged. "Maybe I do." "Hmmm..." Hermione bit her lip, dragging it between her teeth, before swiveling her on stool. Her knees brushed along his thigh, and she left them there as she looked at him. "Face it, Granger," he wasn't looking at her as he spoke, "a lady doesn't come to a bar, dressed to kill, for no reason." Taking a deliberately slow, sensual drink from his tumbler, he licked his lips before turning to face her, settling one knee on either side of her own. "I was here last night, and I saw you. Dressed up sexy as hell, but sitting here all alone. You're not waiting for someone, because you never check the door. Which means you're pining." Hermione only raised her eyebrows in response, pursing her lips slightly. "That's my bet, Granger. I'll just assume it was the weasel, because who else would be dumb enough to let you go? Let's face it doll, you were always out of his league." Blaise apparently had no qualms about openly appreciating her body, which was an utter turn on, as his eyes raked up and down her form. "Now who's drooling, Zabini," She winked, watching a wicked smile cross his face. "You've got so much to drool over doll, and I never give up the opportunity to stare at a nice rack." He winked at her before taking another sip of his drink. "In fact, why not just follow me upstairs so I can see the rest?" he suggested, gesturing the hand that held his drink toward the stairs leading to the upper rooms of the Leaky. "You're quite blunt, Zabini." "Come upstairs with me," he murmured seductively as he leaned in toward her. He paused, running his nose along the sensitive skin behind her ear, making Hermione shudder. "I've already got a room. You can forget all about the weasel, and we can both have a good time tonight." His breath was hot, and his suggestion tempting. Had Hermione been one more drink in, she probably would have accepted his invitation. Instead, she leaned back, gulping the rest of her drink in one go, and placed it back on the bar. She stood, deliberately brushing her knees lightly against his crotch as did so. Now standing between the man's legs, Hermione reached into her bag, leaving some coins on the counter before turning, ready to walk away. She was only mildly surprised when she felt a strong hand grasp her arm. She looked up to see Blaise watching her, his face only inches from her own. "Five, doll." His voice was silky and seductive, leaving a warm sensation in her belly. She raised her eyebrows questioningly. "My room number, for when you change your mind." A sinfully dangerous glint crossed his features, as he reached a hand just under her short dress, lightly trailing his fingers up her thigh. Hermione felt her skin prickle as she bit back a moan. "Close, Zabini. Though your powers of persuasion could use some fine tuning." She smirked, wiggling from his grasp and sauntering to the door; she could feel his hungry eyes on her the whole way. Once outside, Hermione let out a loud sigh— a mixture of relief and frustration. He was bloody sexy, and a bigger part of her than she was willing to admit wanted to take him up on his offer. Work had brought her back home early when their mission went south, and Ron had made it abundantly clear that he no longer wished to continue their relationship; if not by the yelling match they had four nights ago, then by letting Hermione walk in on him fucking another witch. Anger bubbled up inside her, and she clenched her fists at her sides. "You okay there, doll?" Blaise's voice made her jump, and stumble slightly, only to be caught by his firm grip on her arm. Before she could protest, he was turning her to face him and letting go. "I was serious in there, you know," he said taking a step toward her. She matched his advance with a step backwards. Her breath hitched at his proximity, and Hermione tried to school her expression when she spoke. "Serious?" She narrowed her eyes, unsure what part exactly that he had been serious about. "Yes, serious. You know, telling the truth. Genuine. Sincere." His voice was like warm honey; Hermione had to stop herself from leaning into him. "I know what serious means," she rolled her eyes. "I just wasn't sure which part you were serious about." He took another step toward her, and when she took a step back, Hermione found herself backed up against the wall. Blaise took one more step, placing a hand on the wall next to her head. "Serious when I said you were dressed to kill," he murmured, drawing his other hand to her face, caressing her cheek. She stared straight into his smouldering eyes, hoping her features weren't betraying how much she actually wanted him. "Serious when I said you have quite the lovely rack— here," he traced his hand down the line of her neck, and followed the V-cut of her dress, lingering along the tops of her breasts and making her shudder. He trailed it back up to rest on the other side of her head, effectively pinning her to the wall. He leaned forward slightly, so that she could feel his breath on her neck. A chill ran across her skin as he paused taking a deep breath in before continuing. "Serious when I said I wanted you to come upstairs with me," he whispered huskily before leaning forward and capturing her lips with his. The kiss was searing, making her groan as his tongue ran along her bottom lip, seeking entrance. She responded physically without thinking, opening to him; as soon as she did, he swept teasingly into her mouth once, before pulling away. "I want to fuck you, witch," he whispered, moving to drag his nose along her neck, trailing soft kisses along the sensitive skin to her collarbone. He leaned forward, pressing into her, and Hermione could feel his already hard length through his trousers. "Now that's more convincing," she rasped. Her voice sounded breathless and heady and it annoyed her how much it revealed. She wanted him, and if he hadn't known it before, he did now. She looked at him through hooded lids, and saw he was smirking wickedly at her— obviously pleased. He winked, before pushing himself into her further, capturing her lips once again. His hand gripped her thigh, and he continued to trace the seam of her lips with his tongue. She involuntarily let out a breathless moan, opening for him again as his tongue began gliding hotly over her own. She felt her last morsels of self control leave her and she began enthusiastically kissing him back. He slid his hand up, stopping only when he reached the apex of her thighs. Setting it over her knickers he pulled another moan from her as he started to expertly rub circles in a way that gave no question to his abilities. Swallowing the moan she let out, Blaise chuckled darkly and pulled away slightly to rest his forehead on hers as he looked at her. "My room?" He asked with raised eyebrows. "Mmmhmm," was all she could manage, as he was still focusing his attentions on her clit. "Good idea." He winked, pulling his hand from under her dress and wrapping it around her waist. He leaned