-Hello fan fiction community! I am so excited to be presenting the first chapter of my new and improved "Trapped like Rabbits" story! As you will probably notice: this chapter is a lot longer than the original. The original chapter was 1,326 words, this one is 3,498. I hope you all enjoy the new story. At the end I will be writing some notes about what I changed, why I changed it, and offering up some character/story analysis and putting a couple questions for you guys so I know how you want the story to continue. This story is darker than the previous version so please be aware. If you enjoy this story please let me know! I welcome suggestions, feedback, criticism! I want to know if you guys enjoy what you're reading and what I can do to make it better. This story is rated M for mature content including, but not limited to, language, sexual content, graphic violence. Viewer discretion is advised. ... ... He was just scouting the perimeter; traveling slightly south to explore some new area. He journeyed alongside a deep gorge; cautious enough of the crushing rapids parallel to him. Cato was really just stretching his legs, making sure his muscles were well-preped for the Game's finale. Which would inevitably take place. He carried with him a silver sword with a thick, blunt blade. It was decently heavy however, wielded correctly, it was quite aerodynamic and lethal. Though Cato had already butchered 3 tributes, the sword was free of any nicks or imperfections. Cato smiled at himself through the weapon's reflection: His brow looked strong and pronounced. His teeth, pearly white and slightly pointed. There were droplets of other tribute's blood amongst his proud, muscular chest. He looked like a god. And he felt like one. A god that decides who is allowed to live and die. And today, a vengeful god. One that will bring his wrath down on the tributes who foolishly thought they could survive against him. He marveled at his own vanity. His fingers twitched with impatience; He craved another kill. He desired nothing more than to hunt down an unsuspecting human, and slaughter, no, destroy them. As far as Cato was concerned, he had already won the Hunger Games. But alas, he was just scouting. And he never imagined stumbling upon the Girl on Fire and pathetic Lover Boy. The artificial sun was beginning to set in the arena. Cato wanted to adventure further into the woods, but he stopped when he heard... talking? Hushed, faint, two people. Approximately 30 or so feet away. His casual jaunt dropped into a slow, calculating tiptoe. He hunched down among the thicket and followed the soft-spoken, almost inaudible noises coming from the darkening forest. Cato pupils had triple in size. He walked slowly, heavily, silently . Not even the wildlife around him knew of his presence. His steps were precise and his gaze, calculating. Cato neared a slight opening in the bramble and crouched into the shrubbery. He peered into a small clearing and his eyes caught hold of a sight that Cato had difficulty believing. Katniss... Cato's heartbeat quickened ever-so-slightly. He felt heat radiating out of his entire body at the sight of her. If the rumors he heard about her were true, then he would have to catch her before she had a chance to run; she was apparently very accustomed to the ways of the forest, and she had already evaded him once. I'm not going to let her escape this time. As Cato began formulating a plan of action in his head he noticed something he hadn't before. A small, limp body propped up against one of the trees. The second voice he had heard: it was Peeta. Katniss had been tending to him. She stood over him and helped him drink some water out of a leaf. When Katniss turned her back towards Cato she revealed a quiver hung on her back. He searched for the bow that accompanied it and his eyes found it resting upon some rocks. She'll regret leaving her weapon out of arms reach. Katniss examined Peeta's wound. The way she looked at him; a mixture of hopelessness, longing, love. It was absolutely wretched, Cato thought. He fought back the feelings of rage and the bile that threatened his throat. How utterly pathetic she is. This is a competition. Why is she wasting her time tending to a lost cause? How can she expect to win with that leech feeding off of her survival skills? Cato spat quietly in the dirt. Stupid fool. She deserves to die, just as much as him. He couldn't help but smile a devilish smile at the thought of killing them. There were a million ways he could do it: each way more tantalizing than the last. He could slit Katniss' throat in front of Peeta and leave him alone to die a painful, slow death. He could spill Peeta's guts and make Katniss' beg him to let her live, which would be so satisfying before I end her. No matter what, Cato had to make it a good show. The people back home were watching. His family was watching, cheering him on. I will bring my district honor. Cato sat in the bramble, crouched down low. He wouldn't rush into a kill if he didn't have to. He would wait. Hours even. Until the perfect moment came to strike. Peeta laid on the ground under the cover of a pine tree. He had deep, purple circles under his eyes and his gaze was unsteady. He looked like he was barely hanging on. Katniss never left his side. She was tending to his extensive wounds. Pathetic mess. Why does she even bother? There's no way he'd survive the night. Even if I hadn't found them... Some cuts and scrapes painted his face and arms; however, a gaping gash on his left thigh was the source of the pool of blood surrounding him. The scent tainted the air with a coppery sting. Watching Katniss worriedly apply pressure to Peeta's leg gave Cato a surge of pride. His sword was the cause of Peeta's fatal wound and Cato knew that there was no chance of recovery. If he didn't bleed out within the next couple of hours, infection would surely set in. Cato grinned thinking about Katniss having to amputate Peeta's dead leg with her mere skinning knife. She'd make such a mess of things, and would probably kill him in the process. However, these thoughts of Cato's were nothing more than amusing, he knew the two of them wouldn't last long enough for it to come to that. The two tributes were about 15 feet away from Cato's hunting spot. He could make out every detail of their faces. Katniss' was slightly dirtied, a couple of scrapes populated her face and arms. Her long, brown, earthy hair was put back in a tight braid. A hairstyle which Cato knew to be popular amongst poorer districts; because it didn't require expensive tools to achieve. He noticed her slightly heaving chest; her heartbeat was slowing down, relaxing. He watched her intricate, small hands going to work on Peeta's leg. She had already made a tournecate and dressed the wound best she could. Cato deduced that she had some medical training. R udimentary, and barbaric. But medical training nonetheless. Cato caught himself studying her more than necessary. He didn't understand why he found her to be so fascinating. Perhaps it was because she had lasted this long. A fragile little bird from the slums out in 12 had not only lived past the first couple of days, she outsmarted Cato. She got away from him. That wasn't something to turn his nose up at. She must be decently intelligent. Small, but quick. A fast thinker. That was something Cato could appreciate. He admitted to himself; when she was awarded a score of 11 he had smashed the television in his quarters and badly injured a nearby avox. He thought the score must have been rigged. He even considered that the gamemakers gave her that score so that she would be an easy target in the first few hours of the game. He had never actually imagined a tribute from 12, not to mention a female, actually surviving this long. Cato wondered about her potential. He wondered, if it came down to it, if she would actually be able to kill the pathetic boy from 12. He thought about them at the cornucopia as the two remaining tributes. If Lover boy attacked her she would be quicker. Smarter. He would try to use brutal strength against her, like back at the training room. Peeta would try to use his weight against her but that would fail him. She would outrun him, out smart him. Katniss would tackle him to the ground. She'd use the last of her energy to get atop him. She'd put her small, slender hands around his neck and squeeze. Squeeze. Squeeze. Gasping. Sputtering. Peeta's legs flailing madly. She'd push harder and harder, her brown eyes would be intense. Burning. Cato imagined her on top of him. Her small hands around his large neck. Instead of trying to stop her, Cato would use his hands to grind her into his hips while she choked him. He thought about himself inside her while she moaned and her grip tightened. Cato swallowed hard and wiped the sweat from his brow. He was disgusted by these thoughts... and even more disgusted that he was hard from them. I would never fuck a common rat from 12. I'd rather be burned alive than stick my dick inside a filthy cunt from the slums. Cato's skin burned. He was ready to kill them. Ready to kill her. Cato took a deep breath and lowered his gaze to the bow. He would have to sprint, but only for a few feet. Cato got to his feet silently as he clenched his sword close to his body. His heart was pounding slowly in his chest. Rhythmically. He was ready. He had prepared for this for many years. He was lethal. He would end the Girl on Fire and pathetic Lover Boy. He would bring his family honor. He took one final deep breath than crushed through the bramble as quickly as his legs could take him. Cato arrived between the two tributes and Katniss' weapon. She was frozen in shock, her eyes wide and fixed on the predator in her midst. Peeta, although fading in and out of consciousness, was horrified at the sight of Cato. The forest around them, which had been vibrating with quiet life, seemed eerily silent. The world froze at that panicked moment. Katniss regained herself quickly and stood in front of Peeta protectively. Her eyes darted madly around until they settled, terrified, on the bow behind the deadly tribute. "Looking for this Katniss?" Cato taunted pointing behind him at the bow, "You think you can reach it before I bury my sword in your boyfriend?" Katniss' face twisted in anger and fear. She wouldn't let him near Peeta. She would die before she let Cato hurt him. "This is between you and me, Holter. You leave Peeta out of this!" Katniss stood up straighter, reached into her right-side pocket and pulled out a jagged-edged knife. The same one she had used to saw off the branch of a tree, letting a nest of trackerjackers and its swarm fall below onto unsuspecting tributes: an act that Cato had deemed cowardice, and unsportsmanlike. " Leave Cato. Leave or else-" "-Or else what?" He cut her off, "The only chance you have of possibly surviving is running. And I think we both know that you won't leave your precious Lover Boy." Cato's eyes lowered glaringly to Peeta. "No matter how far gone he is", Cato added viciously while taking a step forward. Katniss raised her jagged