Hermione who finds herself in the past, in Tom Riddle's last year at Hogwarts, and she's sorted into Ravenclaw (in most Tomione fanfics, Hermione is always sorted into Gryffindor or Slytherin, why not Ravenclaw?). She has to attend Slug Club Christmas Party with none other than Tom Riddle. I'm sorry if either Tom or Hermione is OOC (or both), I had no idea what I was doing while writing that story. It's just something I felt like writing. Warning: don't read it if you're not into smut that makes no sense (at least to me, maybe you'll view it differently). It's my first time writing smut so, please, be nice :). Disclaimer: HP belongs to J. K. Rowling. "I'm so nervous, Hermione!" squealed Hermione's roommate, Jeanie. She had been invited to the Slug Club Christmas Party by Nott. It surprised Hermione a lot, she didn't expect a future Death Eater to invite a Ravenclaw. It's true that she was pureblood but still. Every other member of Slug Club (all Slytherins) decided to take Slytherin girls, except Nott and… well… Riddle. Hermione sighed as she finished tying her hair at the back of her head, exposing her neck and cleavage. She wore light green dress. If Slughorn wanted her to go with Riddle ("You are my top students! You have to come to the party as a pair! All my guests want to meet you and talk to you. It'll be only logical for you two to go together."), she would comply. But he couldn't expect her to dress like a Slytherin in emerald green too. "I don't understand why you look like you've just swallowed something bitter. You're going with Tom Riddle !" Jeanie told her with a hint of jealousy in her voice. What girl didn't want to be invited to the Slug Club party? Hermione still couldn't believe how she got there. It was just her and the Slytherin boys. And the fact that she had to go with Riddle while other girls could only dream of such a thing… ugh! She was glad she didn't end up in the Hospital Wing just by receiving death glares from angry female Hogwarts population. Hermione wanted to publicly declare she did not want to go with Tom Riddle and that they should have taken her place. "Yes, but not willingly. It was Slughorn's idea. Besides, even Riddle wasn't very excited about the idea. I imagine he would rather take some Slytherin pureblood." Jeanie laughed. "Don't be silly. Riddle has never invited anyone to any party organised in this castle." Hermione was surprised when she heard that. She expected Riddle to take some advantage of his popularity with girls. Someone knocked on the door of their bedroom and let themselves in. It was Sarah, a fifth year of Polish heritage, she ran away from Europe with her parents as both Hitler and Grindelwald rose to power. Hermione liked her and often sat with her in a library. "They're here, girls. You should hurry up, I don't think they like waiting," she said. Jeanie stepped through the door with an eagle-shaped knocker first. Nott, in an elegant dark green dress robes and silver bow tie, immediately came up to her, kissed her knuckles and told her something Hermione didn't hear but made Jeanie giggle. Her eyes fell on Riddle, leaning against the iron railing of the spiral staircase, hands in the pockets. He was even more handsome than Nott. Unlike Nott, he had an emerald tie with silver clip. Riddle's robes were black and looked like one of those fashion items that was simple but expensive. She wondered where he got money for it. Probably pulled out of Dippet with his sweet talk , thought Hermione with disdain. Riddle felt her staring so he glared back at her, starting with her silver heels, slim calves, up the A-lined skirt, thin waist and V-shaped neckline, covering her breasts, to her face adorned with red lipstick and mascara. She tried not to blush under his stare. She felt exposed when he looked at her like that. Hermione decided to imagine him without thick locks and a straight nose. The door closed behind her. "Miss Granger!" Hermione turned to Nott, who was smiling at her. "You look beautiful." She thanked him. Nott glanced at Riddle, who returned to look out of a window, then back at Hermione. That wasn't awkward at all. Not coughed. "Well, try not to kill each other before the Party," he joked. Both Riddle and Hermione wanted to throttle him. As Nott and Jeanie descended the stairs, Jeanie shouted, "And try not to talk about homework the whole time, Hermione." They heard Nott laugh. "You can't stop me," Hermione murmured Riddle smirked. The ex-Gryffindor girl turned her attention to him. He still looked amused. "I hope it won't be just homework we'll discuss," he said. "Since Slughorn made us attend the Christmas Party together, we should spend our time talking about different things," Riddle suggested and offered her his arm, which the Ravenclaw reluctantly accepted. They walked down the corridors to the Slughorn's office, where they met for the Club meetings. Riddle asked her a few general questions and she gave him one-word answeres. Hermione didn't want to talk to him. At least he got the message, stopped asking and was polite enough not to pry information out of her… now. Hermione resisted shivering with revulsion when she thought of McLaggen after she and Riddle entered the room. The office was nicely decorated. Almost the same as in her sixth year, maybe except that this room was charmed to be bigger than usual, and with many tables with a candle on each one of them. There was a band and a singer she didn't recognise but the music was captivating. If she wasn't with Riddle, Hermione would've dragged her date to the dance floor already. There were at least half a dozen couples dancing already, including Nott and Jeanie. The house elves were walking around the room with trays with food and drinks. Hermione couldn't help but feel disapproval. She doubted Slughorn payed the elves for this job. Slughorn had promised to invite many prestigious and famous guests and, apparently, they all accepted the invitation. There were even more people in the room that she saw last time. "Tom, m'boy!" they could hear Slughorn's exuberant voice from miles away. "And Miss Granger!" He came up to them and shook Riddle's hand. "Welcome! I'm so pleased you came!" said Slughorn. Riddle and Hermione didn't miss his glimpse at Hermione's arm hooked in Riddle's. "Pleasure is all ours," replied Riddle in his typical charming manner. Slughorn laughed. "Well, I'm sure it is. Especially when you taste the almond macarons from the Minister's wife. She's very generous and a wonderful baker. Miss Granger will be happy to meet her!" Sure, I will. You big old Slug , thought Hermione but tried to smile on the outside. "I think Miss Granger has more important ideas in her mind," said Riddle to her defence, surprising both Hermione and Slughorn. "Miss Granger is at the top of the class. I don't think baking is something she should spend time with." Hermione tried to avoid Slughorn's surprised eyes. After a few quiet seconds he said, "Of course, you are right, Tom. Nevertheless, I want to introduce Hermione to the Minister and his wife as she wasn't here last year." They followed their professor. "What was that about?" Hermione asked him in hushed voice so Slughorn wouldn't hear them. He looked her in the eyes. His gaze was intense, she shielded her mind so he couldn't read it. He leant closer to her, his breath warming her face. "Do you seriously want to talk about baking? I thought you were smarter than that," he seemed almost disappointed. "I am! But it's not every day you say such things." "That's what Christmas is for - rare compliments." Riddle and Hermione were sitting with Slughorn, Minister for Magic, Leonard Spencer-Moon, his wife and a manager of Holyhead Harpies. Hermione and Riddle tasted the macarons and complimented Minister's wife. While Riddle was forced to talk about politics with the men, Hermione sipped from her glass of champagne and ate pudding. The ex-Gryffindor was bored… just like she expected. The champagne brought colour to her cheeks and made her feel warm, thankfully she wasn't drunk yet. She also felt Riddle's eyes on her, he glanced at her from time to time. He was bored as well but was better at hiding it. "Do you want to dance, Hermione?" asked her Riddle after he told Slughorn for, at least, a third time, why he didn't want to work at the Ministry. Hermione had been observing the dance floor for a while and was taken aback he noticed. It wasn't her usual experience with boys. "Yes," she answered and for the first time in a very long time felt grateful. His hand was surprisingly warm when Hermione felt his palm under hers. As he was leading her to the dance floor, she realised it was the first time he called her by her name. Maybe it ' s the alcohol , she thought. Hermione put her left hand on his shoulder and her right hand stayed in his, only his grip tightened. Riddle placed his other hand on her waist and drew her closer to his body. The musicians and the singer started a slow song. He started moving and Hermione with him. Riddle's lips were close to her ear, she could almost feel his heartbeat, but his cologne couldn't be ignored so easily. Hermione, get a grip , she could hear voice in her head that sounded like Harry. He ' s Voldemort! Do I need to remind you of that? She did need a reminding but not just now. Hermione felt warm and sleepy and focused on keeping her eyes open and her breath steady. It proved to be hard. Riddle made her feel something inside of her. Somewhere deep. She hated him for making her feel this way and herself for letting him. "Hermione," she heard his deep voice and looked up. Riddle's eyes were dark and unreadable. She never knew what he was thinking but now Hermione could guess. He licked his lips, she couldn't help but glance, she quickly met his eyes again. "You're flushed," Riddle noted. "Yeah, I–" Hermione gulped and looked away. Instead of his face she concentrated on the silver tie clip. Up close she noticed it was shaped like a snake. Naturally. "Gift from Malfoy," he answered her unasked question. She just nodded. "I need a fresh air… my head hurts," she said after a while. Riddle looked over her shoulder. "I'll go tell professor Slughorn. Wait for me by the door." "It's alright, Riddle, you don't have to escort me," she said hastily. Hermione could manage. The last thing she needed was his help. It'd make things worse. "Hermione." This time he pronounced her name as a warning. "A girl should never walk the corridors alone. Merlin knows what might happen." Once she stepped out of the room, Hermione leant against the cold stone wall and started pressing each cheek against it. She groaned, it felt really good to cool down a bit. "Damn champagne. I didn't even drink that much," the brown-haired girl started mumbling to herself. "And damn Riddle too!" The door opened and she turned around. Speaking of the devil , Hermione almost wanted to say that out loud. "Come, we'll go out." They sat on a wooden bench on the school grounds. It was cloudless night, they could see the stars and cool light of the moon. No one else was outside, to Riddle's satisfaction. Hermione rubbed her forearm, she was cold but still had enough pride not to be obvious about it. Riddle, on the other hand, thought nothing could be more noticeable. He took off the outer robe and