Author's Note: This is the first story I'm putting on here... It's basically me and my sister getting thrown into Middle Earth but I'm changing a few things. :) I'm not so good with describing things, but I hope to get better :) I welcome criticism, but please don't be too harsh, I'm still quite young ^.^ I do not own Lord of the Rings. Prologue Rae Matthews never thought of herself as a selfish girl. Impatient, yes. Friendly, yes. Naïve, yes. But selfish? No. She barely ever asked anyone to do things for her; she was a DIY type of girl. So, you can understand that she was shocked when her sister drove up in the family Corsa, complaining, whinging and whining about having to be at her sisters beck and call. Amelia Matthews was a bossy girl who preferred having things her way. She thought highly of herself but did not boast her inner thoughts. She was two years older than Rae, who was fifteen, and was in her last year of school. She'd already gotten her driver's license but did not like being summoned to drive the younger sibling home. The sky was greying, threatening to crack open and unleash its wrath. As soon as the silver car pulled up across the street, the first raindrop fell. As Rae sprinted across to the car, it was pouring. She only had to be out in it for a few seconds before she felt the water soaking her clothes. As she slid in the car, Amelia scowled at her. Rae gave a sheepish grin. "Do you have any idea what you've done to my schedule?" Amelia snapped, starting the car. "Uh… You were busy I take it?" Rae questioned, noting the angry tone in her sister's voice. "Busy is an understatement. My English exam is tomorrow, Rae. Tomorrow. You know I need to pass this year!" Amelia continued to whine at Rae as they pulled out of the street. Rae tried to avoid opening her mouth and inserting her foot, but Amelia was really pushing it. "Amelia," Rae said, stopping her mid-rant. "You've been studying for three days straight. You need a break." "No," Amelia argued. "Non-stop study is the way forward. I have to remember everything. " "But studying is made up of two words: student and dying. Student dying. You're killing yourself." "You won't be saying that when you end up in jail and I'm in a top job." "Nah, I'll just call you to bail me out," Rae laughed. "You know I'd leave you there to rot," Amelia pointed out. "Touché." The two of them laughed together, Amelia's anger far in the past. Rae fiddled with a loose thread on her skinny jeans, gazing in the rear view mirror at her reflection. She had plans with her friends as soon as she got home, so dug her eyeliner out of her bag and began applying it darkly. Amelia glanced over and groaned. "Must you do that here? In my car?" She complained. "Yes, I must. And it's not your car," Rae retorted. She applied mascara and laid back, pulling the loose thread from her jeans. She pulled her straight hair from the bobble and sorted her parting. "I can't believe that you like that kind of clothes," Amelia scoffed. "There's nothing wrong with my clothes," Rae told Amelia, rolling her eyes. How many times had they had this conversation? "It's bad enough that you went and died your hair black." "It's not black. It's blue-black. There's a difference," Rae explained, fingering one of her shoulder-length locks. "It's better than the mess on your head." "Hey. A bob doesn't need much work. I don't spend hours on end getting ready to go out for ten minutes," Amelia snorted, checking her reflection in the mirror. Rae and Amelia were compete opposites to each other. Rae tended to wear dark make-up to hide her hazel eyes, one of her least favourite features, and loved keeping her hair straight and long. Amelia tended to avoid make up unless they were going somewhere special, and kept her caramel hair in a short, clipped bob. She did not see why it was necessary to spend a long time getting oneself ready for a trip to the supermarket. The rain began to fall heavier on the car. The windshield wipers were batting back and forth furiously but the rain seemed to be never ending, getting heavier and heavier by the second. Rae had a worried expression on her face as she watched her sister battle the weather in the small Corsa. "Amelia," Rae said. "Maybe we should stop." "No," Amelia replied. "We'll be fine. We're about ten minutes away from home." "Ames, I know I need to get back quick and stuff but it's not safe to be driving in this weather." "You're the one who asked me to pick you up," Amelia argued, "so we'll keep going." "Ames, you're being stubborn now. Pull over!" "No! The rain will let off soon." Rae was quiet, keeping her eyes on the road. An extra set of eyes wouldn't do any damage. The rain was coming down so heavy that they could barely see a few metres a head of them. Rae decided to try and break her sister again. Another try couldn't hurt. "Amelia," she tried. "If you don't want to stop, at least slow down. I'm not in a hurry." "Well, I am," Amelia said. "What? You're in a hurry? What for? English? You need a break." "Would you stop it with the jokes?" Amelia snapped, looking away from the road for a second. "Keep your eyes on the road," Rae told her, looking away. "And slow down. You're going to get us killed." "Your lack of faith in me is hurtful." Rae sighed but kept her focus on the outside. She didn't want anything jumping out at them without Amelia noticing. Rae watched her older sister out of the corner of her eyes, trying to find the right way to phrase her demand. "Amelia," she sighed. "Can't we just stop?" "No," Amelia snapped. "You want to get back to your emo friends, don't you?" "Don't call them emo-" "Would you rather I called you 'suicidal'?" "I'm NOT suicidal either." "Oh, right, sure you're not. Your favourite colour is black, you wear a lot of black, you have heavy black eyeliner-" "That's so stereotypical, Amelia," Rae said, her anger building. "What are you going to say next? I slit my wrists too? Because I don't." "I wouldn't be surprised if you did," Amelia replied, looking out at the road. Rae clenched her hands into fists in her lap. Amelia smirked, as if she'd just won a major victory. Rae turned to look at her, a frown on her face. "Why are you so selfish? No, why are you so immature?" She yelled. "You're supposed to be seventeen, yet you act like a five year old!" "I am mature," Amelia said, struggling to keep her voice calm. "You just need to sort yourself out. Do you think you're 'friends' will stick around if - no, when - you DO start slitting your wrists?" "Amelia, I'm not going to! Can't you get that into your thick skull? God, I hate you!" Amelia's eyes widened and she took her eyes off the road. She turned in her seat to face Rae, clearly angry and about to say something to the younger sibling. Before she got the chance, the silver Corsa swerved violently. "Amelia, the road!" Rae screamed. Amelia struggled to control the car as it veered madly out of control. It flipped once, twice, three times before coming to a halt in a ditch at the side of the road. The rain continued to fall, pelting the car mercilessly. There was no movement from the car. The ground was the first thing that Rae felt. She was expecting to be upside down in the car, or on the road a little ways away. But, no, she was on something soft and wet. She struggled to open her eyes and sit up. As she did so, there was a slight pain in her back, probably from landing so hard. She tried to listen for the road and other cars; maybe Amelia was trying to get one to stop. Rae's heart stopped. Where was Amelia? She stood, quicker than she should of, and swayed before making her way in a random direction. The air around her was clean, the sky a brilliant cerulean. There was white clouds dotted in various places, the sun shining brightly in the sky. Fighting to keep her balance, Rae leaned against a nearby tree, revelling in how old it looked; one hundred, two hundred years? She breathed out a sigh of disbelief and looked upwards. To say the tree was tall would be an understatement. It must have been at least fifty, sixty feet tall, if not taller. Rae shook her thoughts away from the trees and focussed on Amelia. She had to be around here somewhere. About half an hour later, Rae had had no luck. She couldn't even find the road! Confused, she gripped her hair in frustration, grumbling and muttering to herself about the impossibility of her winding up so far away from the road. The road to their home had never been so close to a forest that large anyway! She stomped her feet and sat on the grass again, shedding her hoody. She sat on it to avoid getting a damp backside and lay down, looking at the clouds. Rae's eyes focussed on a single cloud, watching as it passed by her and disappeared from her line of vision. She wanted to find Amelia, but was so impossibly lost. She was still confused about how she had wound up so far into the forest. She sat up and pulled at her hair again, trying to come up with a plan. A strange sound made her look up, straight into an arrowhead. Rae swallowed and looked past it, holding back a gasp. There was man holding the bow and arrow at her face, keeping it from killing her. She shrunk back slightly, biting her lip. He was absolutely stunning. Blond hair running past his shoulder and down his back with many intricate braids in it. He was wearing a blue tunic, running to mid thigh, and brown trousers. Rae didn't dare look away from him in case he decided to kill her then and there. His sapphire eyes regarded her with curiosity before he spoke, his voice gentle. " Mani naa essa en lle? " He asked, looking at her suspiciously. Rae slid back slightly, fidgeting with her hands. He repeated the question and she looked up at him helplessly. "I can't understand you," she whispered, looking away. "You speak the common tongue?" He said, surprising her. Rae nodded, unsure. "I guess…" He pulled his arrow out of her face and placed it back into the quiver on his back, along with the bow. He stepped away from her slightly and gazed at her, like he was inspecting her. After a few moments, he spoke again. "It is unusual for an elf to speak the common tongue and not Elvish," he said, suspicious again. Rae's eyes widened and she stood, slowly. "I'm not an elf," she told him, picking up her hoody. When she glanced back at him, he had raised an eyebrow in a perfectly shaped arc, a smirk on his lips. "Your ears say otherwise," he told her, pointing to his own and then to hers. Cautiously, Rae raised her right hand to the side of her head. Never looking away from the man - no, elf - in front of her, she felt the edges. Instead of rounding like a regular humans would, they were shaped to a point. Rae gasped under her breath and muttered to herself of how impossible all this was. She hadn't