The Hobwit (or Here, There and Everywhere) P RELUDE ... One evening, when Bango Bigguns was barely in his Tweens, he was out on one of his walks and became so engrossed watching two conies in the process of making more conies, on a hillside, that he quite lost track of time. Nightfall fell (which it tends to do, whether tautologically or not) and Bango decided he would not reach Bug End safely in the dark, for there was a rumour that the Necromuffer's dark spies were in the area. (Mind you, it was only a rumour!) But as Bango had a dwarf cloak in his handbag to keep him warm (he had 'borrowed' it from a troop of travelling dwarf miner-musicians that he only later got to know), he decided to sleep out under the stars. He found a copse of trees with a leafy floor and made camp there in a spot overlooking the road east of Hobwiton. In the middle of the night, Bango was awoken by joyous sad exquisite singing. It was that particularly lovely singing that you only ever hear on quiet country roads in the middle of nowhere in high summer. Bango sat up and wiped his eyes. The voice became louder and then along the road walked a beautiful elf. Well, not so much 'walked' as 'glided'. She was not only the most beautiful elf he had ever seen, she was the only elf he had ever seen, and her shimmering beauty set her apart from all the other beautiful elfs he had never seen. Bango was enraptured and he cried out in fluent Simbarin, "Hey, Lovely Lady, don't just walk (or glide) on by, with nary a glance at me. And please don't say you can't come and sit with me and so forth! Of course you can! Have I not left this spot between me a fallen pinecone to sit your loveliness upon? It is only a small gap, but surely squeezeworthy. Anyway, what else is there to do out here in the middle of nowhere when the Evenstar is shining?" The Elfish Lady let out a tinkering laugh (not a jolly laugh, as that would be unbecoming for an elf), and she straightaway glided up under the trees and sat with him for a nary while. It was as if she had heard his cry and was responding to it. Indeed, she was very kind and sat with him a fairly long nary while. Indeed, as the Evenstar was casting its ethereal light upon the mortal world, an unknown amount of time did pass, for time (especially Elfish Time) was quite different in those far off days, though just how far off in calendar terms is truly hard to say. "I have a small flask of beer," said our Bango after a nary while (still using the Simbarin he had learned from 'Elfish Tongues for Idiots'), "Would you like to take a wee guzzle?" "I've never guzzled such a liquid," answered the gorgeous Elfish Lady in a voice that could melt hearts, launch ships, and make Catholic Priests ponder their celibacy. (Of course, I can only give a vague translation of the Elfish she used, and I realize her words can't sound ever so pretty in English, but I can assure you they sounded really elegant and sensual in Elfish). So anyhow the Lady had a good smidgen from Bango's flask. After a moment, she sighed. "Oh, I feel a slight tingle in a part of my beautiful body, but the tingle is not in that part of my beautiful body that a man has got, but in that part of a (real) woman that a (real) woman has got, for it is in the selfsame part that in a man is missing, whether now or in time immemorial (I include herein, Elfish Time, dear Bango, if truly that be your name!) Nor is that tingle in that part of me that is the end of my finger." And she smiled at him with eyes agleam like amethysts and diamonds and carbuncles. Bango smiled slyly and took a swig too. "Oh I see what you mean, for I too feel a tingly sensation in a certain part of me, which is truly that part of me that a (real) Lady does not possess, and I assume here that Elfish Ladies are conformed generally after the same fashion that hobwit ladies are. Nor is it in the part which is that part that is the end of my finger, though the part I refer to might verily be thought 'finger-like' when glimpsed briefly in dim light on the occasion of me having happy thoughts whilst watching certain hobwit lasses skinny-dipping in The Puddle, though not the ugly ones." And they laughed at that, and after that their night passed both sweetly and somewhat energetically... Bango woke next morning with a root in his back and a certain part of his body very chafed and sore, but it was not the part that was that part that was the end of his finger. And Bango mulled over things as he blinked in the morning sun. He wondered if, after all, last night had been nothing more than a big marvellous sweaty dream. Mind you, his palms were not the least bit chafed, as one might expect if indeed that part of his body (that was not the part of his body that was the end of his finger) had been worked vigorously all through the night by his determined hand while sleeping, and yet it could not be denied that the former part, I mentioned, and not that part which was the palm of his hand, was red and sore. Anyway, the Elfish Lady had mysteriously vanished, very mysteriously, not even the end of her finger remained. Mind you, it was surely possible that fair former-maid might merely have wandered off while Bango was asleep - that sleep having been a long deep sleep full and content. Bango never found out that the Elfish Lady was a mighty Princess with Mairn blood (pronounced 'Mair-ren') who bore his child. For the truth was Bango it had been no dream, it had really happened (and it had been great!) Bango had had what we now know as a "right-royal-nocturnal-session" - though this sounds far more elegant when you say it in Elfish. It was merely a coincidence that what had happened was exactly what always happened in a lovely dream Bango often had - indeed, most nights. Remarkably, it was the selfsame dream that many other hobwit lads (and hobwit lasses of a certain persuasion) had been having since time immemorial. Anyhow, the Elfish Lady subsequently (after deep reflection) named the newborn child 'Spiegel'. This translates as "Little Elf-like-Hobwit", but only after passing it down through Simbarin into Westron and so on into English, and using quite a slab of poetic license as well.... C hapter One A n Unexpectedly Long Chapter In a hole in the ground there lived a hobwit. Not a dirty filthy hole with mysterious stains on the carpet, or ugly dust piles under the sofa, nor yet an absolutely clean and tidy hole, because the hobwit was a bit fat and lazy. If the hole was largely prefabricated, it was nonetheless quite artful (airy-fairy even), decorated in a lovely art deco style. It was full of lovely garish blue and purple lamp-stands and disco-glass chandeliers (not large, everything in the hole was small, including our hero, in more ways than one), and no one knew how the disco-lights were powered, but it had something to do with magic – but more of that later. The hobwit's hole (and it was a large one) had a long passage that started at a spiffy green round front door (clever post-modern architecture that) which looked out over The Puddle. The doorway, when open, looked like a mouth puckering in surprise - and one can easily imagine an 'ooh' sound emitting from it. The passage that led from it went straight into the ground, but not absolutely straight, having a variation of three degrees in several places, which was undetectable to a casual eye - but not to a Builder's eye - you know what they're like! The passage went down through The Hump ('The Hump' as most locals called it, though it was also known as 'The Humping Hill' by those in the know). Many doors opened out on both sides of the passage (some of which the hobwit wisely kept securely locked). Some of the doors opened into pantries full of every foodstuff imaginable (including foreign stuff from countries that may or may not have actually existed in those days). Some opened into enormous clothes-closets (the hobwit had whole rooms full of clothing made by who-the-hell-knows-who). Some opened into bathrooms with elfish posters on the walls (the hobwit was very fond of elfs). At last, the passage exited at the bottom end of The Hump. No one knows what shape or colour the exit portal was, for it was never mentioned in the Red Tome. Now the mother of our hobwit: what is a hobwit? My Goodness! What a stupid question! Haven't you even read 'The Hobwit' yet? (Don't play dumb, you know what book I mean!) Go on – get off with you! Come back when you've read it. I'll wait here until you get back. Sheesh! Some people!... Back, are you? Have you read it? Yeah, sure you have! Oh well, I know you're type and I guess I shouldn't pretend I don't. [Sigh!] Here goes… Hobwits are (or were) a furry little species somewhere on the evolutionary scale between rabbits and humans. They are (or were) very cute and cuddly and have (or had) furry feet, and they smoke (or smoked) a lot of pipe-weed – at least the more well-to-do do (or did). Mind you, the poorer hobwits eked out their lives in muddy holes or under large stones and can't (or couldn't) afford tinder-boxes or matches, let alone narcotic plants introduced from Numbynor... Oh did I mention hobwits have (or had) naturally curly brown hair growing on their heads and on their naturally leather-like feet, but not anywhere else as far as I know? And food - they love (or loved) it, and a lot of it, if they can (or could) get it. Oh and they are (or were) really popular with females of every persuasion (if persuaded) because hobwits remind (or reminded) them ever so much of teddy bears. Well, this should be enough to go on with. Now Bango Bigguns – the hero of our tale - was a well-to-do hobwit. Yes, that's his name! No, I'm not pulling your chain! Anyhow, he was about fifty years old, a portly chap, and set in his ways. If you had asked him what he thought about adventures (for instance) he would have said he could take them, or leave them, but preferred to leave them. In fact, sneaking around The Riding at night, either studying the stars (yeah, right!) or trying to meet elfs in the woods to form platonic relationships (yeah right!), was the height of adventure for him. As to doing anything dangerous – nah – he'd have given it a miss every time. You could tell that just by looking at him. He was a self-satisfied tubby little chap and going off on dangerous adventures was just something respectable hobwits never did. And, I mean, he lived a life of ease for God's sake! Why the hell would he need to go off and risk his life? Indeed, he was a second edition of his solid, stolid and squalid father, the reputable Baldy Bigguns who had been extremely respectable – apparently. Now – the mother of Bango Bigguns was the famous Helbanga Toot. How Baldy hooked up with her is anyone's guess, for she was a daughter of the Old Toot