A/n: Alright this is a re-make! It will feature new information and new stuff now that there is an American Wizardry School, Ilvermorny and this is my take on what goes on and how everything will be. This will be set in 2002. With a new group of characters, but with hints of characters from the past. And we'll learn some history of American Magic that I've learned and will make up as we go along. This is another destiny story. A hero who has to stop a dark lord, but I want this dark lord to be different than Grindelwald and Voldemort. I haven't thought of it yet. These stories will parallel to Harry Potter to and things will still be different. And maybe add in what America was like then because I was old enough to remember what it was like. Like 9/11? That could have been a Wizard battle or something, right? Well, anyways, here is chapter one. I hope you enjoy it and please review. Chapter 1: The Blue-Eyed Native It was an ordinary day, a warm day. The kind of day one would just go outside and take a nice stroll through the neighborhood. But for this small incoming family, walking through the neighborhood wasn't necessarily on their mind. What was on their mind, was moving into their new home. Neighbors peeked out their windows of Westerton Drive to see who was moving into their neighborhood as couple of moving trucks drove through following a standard looking car. Soon, these vehicles would arrive at the vacant home of sixteen. One Truck parked into the driveway, one in the street, and the car parked into the driveway. Movers exited their trucks while two doors of the ordinary care opened. Out of the driver's side, a beautiful middle-aged, lightly tanned colored woman stepped out, with her flowing brown hair, blue eyes, and heart shaped face. Out of the passenger's side, exited a small boy of about ten, almost eleven. He had tanned colored skin, dark brown colored hair, with blue eyes, just like his mother's. He violently slammed the door. "Kade!" His mother growled. "Please, do not slam the door." She turned away and began to walk towards the house as the boy named Kade, rolled his eyes. "And do not roll your eyes at me, young man." Kade sighed and began to follow after his mother. Kade followed his mother into the empty House. Once he entered the home, he drearily looked around. "It's a nice home, isn't it?" Kade's mother said, smiling widely. Kade shrugged. "I don't see why we had to move again," He said. "You know why, Kade," Kade's mother spoke. "Besides, you start a new and exciting school this year! Aren't you excited?" A new school , Kade thought, sighing heavily. This would be his fifth time starting a new school. Why should this one be any different than the others? Well, when Kade's mother spoke about Kade going to an exciting school, she really meant it. "Oh, come on, Kade," Kade's mother said, reaching into her pocket and wrapping the other one around her son's shoulders. "Don't you want to know about the very same school I attended at your age? The same school I learned all about the mysteries of the world?" And then she whipped something out of her pocket, revealing an ivory colored, thin and eleven inch wooden stick. She waved the stick and soon, things suddenly began to float and fly around as Items materialized and began to set themselves in certain places. Kade knew this item as a wand; which meant that his mother was a witch, a very powerful with indeed. Which also meant that young Kade, was a young wizard himself. He smiled as the magic flew around him. He couldn't really wait to learn to do the things that his mother knew how to do. Minutes later, everything was set in place. Furniture set in the right spots, pictured hanging on walls, and other variances of decoration. Kade and his mother walked farther into the house, going into separate directions. The house was ordinary with three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large kitchen and dining room, and a living room. Kade decided to walk into the room that was to be is. It was a simple room, the second biggest room of the home. It housed a bed, small closet, a desk, and many of Kade's trinkets and items. Kade walked over to his desk were a small journal sat, and next to the journal, stood a photograph. Kade picked up the moving photograph and stared at it. It was a man who was playing around with a baby version of Kade. This man was Kade's missing father. Or that's what his mother says. Kade reached and touched his chest where his necklace was, that held a small, black and smooth arrowhead. It was his father's. There was a tap at the window. Kade snapped up and looked up at the window where a familiar looking brown owl sat, holding a couple of envelopes. "Hey, Winston," Kade said, letting in the family owl. "Whatcha got there?" Kade took the envelopes from Winston. One was addressed to Kade, while the other was addressed from Mrs. Angela Lowell, Kade's mother and it was from the Magical Congress of the United States of America, or the MACUSA for short. "Mom!" Kade called out as he began to leave his room to find his mother. He found her rummaging around the kitchen. "What do you want for lunch?" Angela asked as her son entered the kitchen. "Doesn't matter," Kade lazily answered, then held up the letter for his mom. "You've got a letter. From the MACUSA." Angela took the letter from Kade and immediately opened it. "Oh! It's my information pamphlet for when I start working there on the first." Kade nodded. Another reason as to why the Lowells to move to Massechuesetts. Angela had gotten a job at the MACUSA, working in the Investigative Department. "Did anything else come in the mail?" Angela asked while reading her pamphlet. Kade shrugged and looked at the letter that was addressed to him. Mr. Kade C. Lowell The Second Biggest Room Number 16, Westerton Drive Boston, Massachusetts Kade opened the letter and began to read: Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry HeadMaster: Zachariah Morgan Preston Osborn (Order of Honor, First Class) Dear Mr. Kade C. Lowell, We hereby inform you that you have been accepted to Ilvermorny School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. You will find an enclosed list of all of your equipment and supplies. The start of term begins on the 1st of September. We will await your owl by no later than July 31. Any Owls after the intended date must be concluded with an excusal note from parent or guardian, otherwise you will not be allowed to attend our wondrous school. Arianna A. Ashton Deputy Headmistress First-year students will require: Set of blue and cranberry colored robes. Pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar). Winter Cloak(Blue, Cranberry, or Black) with golden fastenings. They may also bring an Owl or any small well-trained creature. COURSE BOOKS All students should have a copy of each of the following: Chadwick's Charms Volume 1 by Chadwick Boot American History of Magic by Walter Rold Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling Transfiguration for Beginners by Edward Charles One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Cauldor Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander Defensive Magics Against the Dark Forces by Bartelby Drake OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Kade slowly read the letter and a small smile lifted upon his face. "It's my acceptance letter," he muttered. "I came!" he added looking at his mother who was smiling at him. Kade handed the letter to his mother. "Well, this is just the beginning," Angela said, looking over the letter. "We'll go get your supplies...how about this friday? After all, it is your birthday!" Kade smiled and nodded. This friday, the 26th of July, was to be Kade's birthday. He was turning eleven. "Do you know where to get all of my things?" Kade asked, furrowing his brow. "Of course I do," Angela replied. "I am from around here, you know." Kade nodded. His mother was from another part of Massachuesettes, from a small village deep within one of the National Forests in this state. As for Kade's father. All he knew was that his father was from somewhere in the west, around Arizona or New Mexico. His mother didn't talk about him much. It was a sore subject for her so Kade rarely brought it up. There was a knock at the door. Angela left the room to answer the door while Kade sat at the table and looked at his letter once more. "Hi!" Kade heard his mother say enthusiastically from the front door. "I didn't think we'd see you until tomorrow." "Oh, well we were in the neighborhood," said a familiar and feminine voice. Kade rolled his eyes. He knew exactly who was at the door. "Where's Kade?" she asked. Kade heard the voice clearing meaning she had entered the house. He also heard more than a few feet walking through the house. "Oh, he's in the kitchen," Angela answered. Kade continued to stare at his letter when he felt eyes upon him. "Is that your acceptance letter?" spoke a boy around Kade's age. "Mine also came in this morning." Kade turned around and smiled. "Hey Miles," he said. Miles Merrick, otherwise known as Kade's cousin, from his mother's side. Miles was a few inches taller than Kade, with green eyes, peach skin and blonde hair. "Yeah, it just arrived." Miles nodded and was about to enter when he was pushed out of the way but someone taller. "Watch it, squirt," said the taller boy, who also had blonde hair, with brown eyes, and was about fourteen years of age. "Kade, where's the food?" he asked, walking over to the cabinets and began to look for some snacks. "We just moved in, Max," Kade replied to his older cousin as Miles sat next to Kade. "We don't have any food." "Oh come on," Max said, still rummaging. "I can smell the cookies. I know there are some around her somewhere." "Max, can't you wait a few minutes," someone else spoke from the kitchen doorway. "We're about to go dinner." Kade look at the doorway and saw his Uncle Jackson standing there. He was over six feet tall, muscular, with blond hair and green eyes. Miles seemed to the shorter version of his father. "Dad, I need food," Max replied. "I am a growing boy after all." Max's father gave him a stern look. Max sighed heavily, closing a cabinet and sat down at the table. "Hey, sport!" Jackson greeted his nephew, walking into the kitchen followed by Angela and her older sister, Meredith who smiled lovingly at Kade. She was slightly taller than Angela, with shorter brown hair and brown eyes with a heartshaped face. "There he is!" Meredith said, walking over and hugging Kade who blushed a little. "Are you excited to start school?" she asked once she released him. Kade smiled and nodded. "Oh, Ilvermorny. You children are going to love it there!" she said to Kade and Miles. "When are you going shopping for the supplies?" Meredith asked, turning to her sister. "This friday," Angela answered. "Oh, really," Meredith said, glancing at Kade. "We'll join you!" Friday had arrived and it was Kade's birthday. He was ready to go as he sat down in the living room and waited for his mother who was still getting ready. "Are you done yet?" he yelled out. "Be patient, Kade," Angela spoke from her room. "I know it's a bitter wait, but its fruit