a/n: WELCOME, WELCOME, WELCOME TO THE PREMIERE OF JOSHUA BLACK'S SIXTH YEAR OF HOGWARTS. This is what you guys have been waiting for and here it is. I hope you guys enjoy. Reviews? Chapter 1: Times Have Changed It was dark. Someone was holding onto each of his arms, a tight grip, leading him somewhere. He couldn't see anything. He was blindfolded. The last thing he remembered was that he was in Diagon Alley, looking over his wand shop, making sure everything was ready for the new wave of the First years that would be attending Hogwarts that year, but not just for students, but others who felt they would need a second wand as War had once again, begun. They arrived in a firey explosion, destroying his shop. Death Eaters. They were quick and took him hostage and now they're taking him to who knows where. He heard whispers and growls, shouting voices. He heard a door open, and was violently dragged into the room. He was thrown onto the stone floor, pain soaring through his hands and knees. The doors closed again, showing him that the men who brought him, were gone. He reached up to the blindfold and tore it off his eyes, quickly glancing around. He was in a dark room, an empty stone cellar. "Welcome, Mr. Ollivander," someone spoke, appearing out of the shadows and black smoke. Ollivander began to quiver in fright as the Dark Lord strolled over to him, fiddling with his wand. Ollivander cowered as Voldemort began to walk around the old man. "You and I both know that my wand and young Harry's, have twin cores, thus rendering a prior incantatum effect. Tell me, how can I get past this so that I can kill Harry Potter?" Ollivander looked down, daring not to look into the eyes of the Dark Lord. He gulped. "Wand making isn't a simple magic, milord. There are some aspects that we wandmakers still have yet to understand." "Are you telling me that there isn't any way to get passed the magic of the twin cores?" Voldemort said with a sneer. Ollivander kept his head low, afraid to look up at the Dark Lord. "I am not entirely sure," he answered. "Maybe you could possibly use another wand. A different core wand. I believe something like that could work. Twin Cores work agaisnt one another, as wands with different cores would not." Voldemort nodded. "Alright then," he replied, and turned began to leave. "Are you going to kill me?" Ollivander asked out loud. The Dark Lord turned his head. "Not yet, Mr. Ollivander," he answered. "You will still be useful for me as I have more things, information, that I need from you." And with that, the Dark Lord took his leave. Ollivander slowly stood to his feet, walked over to the end of the room, sliding down to the floor against the wall. He curled up and began to cry, fearing for his life. There was only one hope to get out of this alive and he hoped that this hope would soon be ready to take on this new world. xxxxxxxxxxxxxx It was nearly nine o'clock at night in the beginning of August. He sat down on a bench staring straight ahead at the house that sat in front of him. It was an ordinary one story light blue house with white window seals and blue shudders. The inside of the house was dark as none of the lights were on. This meant no one was inside the house at the moment, plus the driveway was void of any car. Cyrus sat straight up as he waited patiently for the occupants to come home. He was in no hurry. He had plenty of time. He looked down at his dark robes, smoothing them out. They were new, and this was the first day he was wearing them, and on his first mission engine puttered. Cyrus looked up to see a car pulling into the driveway of the house. He smiled. Cyrus watched as a laughed couple exited the car and stumbled their way into the house. Lights turned on. Cyrus took that as his cue and stood to his feet. He began to sneakily make his way towards the lightened house. He ducked under a window, looking inside. There was a middle-age man prancing around with his wife, smiling and laughing. Cyrus smiled to himself, knowing how he was about to wipe those smiles off of their faces. Cyrus moved away from the window and made his way to the back of the house, towards the back door. He pulled out his wand, using it to unlock the backdoor. He quietly opened the door and snuck inside, quietly closing the door. He quietly moved through the kitchen and into a hallway. A light shined through a doorway and Cyrus could hear distinct conversation and giggles. "I really do have to be up early, hun," Cyrus heard as he moved closer to the doorway. It was a woman's voice. "Oh come on," said the middle-aged man. "Just stay up a little longer. It's our Anniversary, remember!" "Our anniversary was yesterday, which you forgot," the woman replied with a giggle. Cyrus peaked through the door way seeing the couple holding one another, swaying to some soft music. Cyrus raised his wand. "I didn't mean to forget," the man replied, holding his wife close. He nuzzled her neck when suddenly, his wife went limp. He quickly caught her before she fell to the floor. Confused about what happened, he picked her up, as his heart beat began to rise. "Honey?" he said as he looked at his wife's face. It was expressionless and her eyes were closed. "Honey!? Babe, wake up!" he cried in confusion as he slowly laid her down on the floor. "Honey," he cried in horror. "What happened? Honey, wake up!" He cried and cried, but she was not responding. Cyrus decided to make himself known, entering the den room. "Hello there, John Anderson!" he grinned. John looked up at Cyrus, squinting at him. "You?" he said, his eyes full of tears and horror. "What did you do to her?" "Oh don't worry, you're going to join her," Cyrus replied raising his wand which glowed green. "Don't worry, Joshua sends his regards." John's eyes widened in horror as he was struck in the chest by the killing curse, falling down to the floor in a pile of heap. Cyrus smiled evilly, leaving moments later. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx It was midnight as Albus Dumbledore sat at his desk, staring at what he believed was the Resurrection Stone, yet it was also a Ring that he believed belonged to Marvolo Gaunt; a relative of Tom Riddle. His grandfather to be exact. Though as Dumbledore stare into the ring, it began to call to him. It was speaking to him. It was telling him how he could see his parents again, and more importantly his late sister, Arianna. He continued to stare at the ring. He shouldn't do it. No, he won't do it. He stood up from his desk, moving away from the ring. He can't do it. Nothing ever really brings back the dead, except for the Resurrection Stone, and that was in his possession. But the stone didn't really bring back the dead, right? There was only one way to find out. Before he knew it, Dumbledore turned back towards the Ring and picking it up. He needed to know. He had to tell her things, things he held in for so long. Dumbledore smile as placed the ring on his right index finger. Suddenly, there was a burst of black magic energy coming from the ring. Dumbledore growled in horror and pain as his finger began to burn. He shuddered in pain as he fell to his knees. He reached over to pull off the ring. Once he did so, the magical energy went back into the ring and everything stopped, except the pain that was in his finger that was slowly beginning to spread. He breathed heavily, tossing the ring onto the table, getting into his chair. He was hurting and needed some help. There was only one person he could trust. He raised his wand, producing his phoenix shaped patronus out of his room. He waited nearly a painful hour when Professor Snape entered the office. "Headmaster," he greeted, walking over to Dumbledore. "How can I be of service - " He saw Dumbledore's hand, where the index finger was blackened. "What have you done!?" He rushed over to the desk to examine the hand. He pulled out his wand, waving it over Dumbledore's hand. "Your hand has become cursed, Headmaster!" "I'm sorry," Dumbledore apologized as he suddenly felt tired. "I couldn't resist." He then went on to explain to Snape all about the Resurrection Stone. Snape nodded, continuing to examine the dark magic that was in his finger, that began to spread to his hand. Snape told him to wait there as he went to go mix a potion. Two hours later, Snape appeared with a goblet of potion. "Drink this!" Snape ordered. Dumbledore took the potion and drank it. He waved his wand over Dumbledore's hand which now had become blackened and burnt. "The potion will contain the curse and keep it from spreading, but it is not going to last. This is powerful dark magic," Snape explained. "How long do I have?" Dumbledore asked. "At least a year," Snape replied, looking solemn as ever. "That should be enough time." "Enough time for what?" Snape incredulously asked. "To tell Harry everything I know about Voldemort," Dumbledore answered with a sigh. "I need to show him the memories I've collected, and the theories I have predicted about the Dark Lord and his dark magic. I believe he is going against nature with his dark Magic and Harry must know." "Is this about the how the Dark Lord won't easily be killed," Snape said. Dumbledore nodded. "The horcruxes?" Dumbledore nodded again, and nodded towards the ring on the table. Snape walked over to the Ring on the table, waving his wand over it. "This is a horcrux?" he asked. "It is indeed," Dumbledore replied, staring at the black stone. He had one horcrux in his possession, thanks to the wits of Joshua Black. He could feel the dark magic from it, but it was also the Resurrection Stone, and he couldn't help but try to use it. Now he must suffer the consequences. There was another thing his must do, and that was to destroy this Horcrux. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx He was running as fast as he could. He pushed through the crowd in the dark alley trying to get away. Sweat ran down his face as he turned into another crowded Alley full of witches and wizards, breathing heavily. "Get back here you squint!" someone shouted behind him. He didn't stop at all, he just kept running. He turned again only to run into a tall person and knocked back into the ground. He looked up to see a tall sixteen year old smirking down on him. "Can't get away from us squint," the teenager said, bending down and picking him up by his shirt. There were shouts and calls. He looked back to see two other teenagers catch up. "There you are," one of them said, walking forward and grabbing onto his shoulder. "Shawn Spencer. You're almost a tough man to catch." Shawn looked up at his captor and gulped. "You know, it's not nice to pull down someone's pants in front of a girl-" "It was just a joke," Shawn blurted out. "Hmm, yeah," the teen said, glancing at the other two teen boys. "Corner, Goldstein, what should we do with Spencer?" Corner and Goldstein smiled at one another. "How about we take him to that new joke shop," Corner suggested. "I bet they have plenty of stuff to use on our young