Katniss Everdeen/Peeta Mellark 'i've been through and seen a lot' Katniss brought Buttercup closer to her chest and ran a hand softly through his fur, when she lay on the couch with the cat on her chest in the silence was her favourite time of day. Buttercup would fall asleep on her and she'd spend the time running a hand slowly and softly through the fur as she let the silence wash over her, on some days the silence was a blessing but on others she'd find herself yearning for it to be filled with Peeta talking or his light laugh. Her thoughts often turned to Peeta; she'd wonder how he was or what he was doing. She understood why he'd want to take a break away from District 12 and away from her even though he never specified it was Katniss he wanted a break from; she wouldn't blame him for wanting untold miles and days apart from her. It was when she thought like this that she'd get a familiar ache in the bottom of her stomach. On the days that Katniss had the motivation to actually venture outside of her home, she'd be met with questions, so many questions all about Peeta. " Where is Peeta? ", " When will Peeta come back? ", " After everything, do you still love him? ". Katniss smiled softly as she felt Buttercup's soft breaths hit her chest, the stupid cat had grown on her and she often thought Prim would be looking down on her happy that she was looking after her cat. Katniss often dodged the questions to the best of her ability but she would find herself lying on the couch, stroking Buttercup and thinking over everything she loved about Peeta. Haymitch once said " You could live a hundred life times and never deserve that boy ," Haymitch was right; she didn't deserve Peeta after everything they'd been through. Peeta had been honest with her about his feelings from the start, he'd done his best to protect her in the first Hunger Games by joining the careers and he had immediately visited Haymitch after the Quarter Quell had been announced. Katniss couldn't even remain faithful to him in their fake charade. Katniss woke with a jolt and gasping for air, this wasn't unusual for her to do. It happened each night and Buttercup would move from the bottom of the bed to curl up beside Katniss's chest as she ran her hands through his fur to calm her racing heart. She'd lie in the aftermath of her nightmare and just breathe; she'd run her hand through the soft fur and imagine Peeta on the other side of Buttercup with a smile on his face. He'd have been woken by Katniss's distress much like on the train when they'd share a bed together every night. However her nightmares were less frequent when she'd slept beside Peeta. "You used to complain about that cat," Peeta would say lightly "now look at you two." He'd add as his fingers would brush beside hers in the cat's fur. Katniss would lightly push his hand away as she'd murmur "He's got a way of making you want to keep him around," Then Katniss would shake her head slightly and force away the daydream for fear of going mad. The imaginary presence of Peeta helped to settle her enough to drift back off to sleep where her dreams were of orange sunsets, the smell freshly baked bread and the soft comforting touch of Peeta. Katniss found comfort in the wide open fields where she could come and go freely; she could easily spend half a day in the fields just appreciating the view of the wide open expanse of green . And when she shoots an arrow for the first time it's almost like how it used to be before the Games. Almost. It's when she slowly walked back to her house after catching the bird that she heard someone digging up ahead, it was unusual since Haymitch spent most of his days at the bottom of a bottle and since enduring the Games twice, Katniss could understand why he'd prefer the bottles of liqueur that line his kitchen table. She looked up to see him hunched over and occupied with what he was doing to notice her, it had her quickening her steps. "Peeta," She breathed wondering if after all this time she had finally gone mad and given in to her delusions of him coming home. He turned towards her and stood up slowly "Hey," he said softly. "You came home," she said. Peeta nods once "Yeah," he said "I was free to leave the Capitol yesterday." He added. Katniss takes in his words and glanced down at the plant in his hand, his gaze following as well. "I found them by the edge of the forest, its primrose." He said softly with a hint of caution. It's too much but Katniss dropped what she was holding and moved of her own accord, throwing her arms around his neck. He's solid in her arms and smells faintly of sweat and dirt. Peeta's unresponsive at first. "I'm so sorry," he murmured. If this was a delusion of her imagination then there are worse things she could be conjuring up, he's here and in her arms. It's when Haymitch stumbled out of his house, a confused frown on his face and stopped dead when he saw her that he said "You're back," Peeta nodded his head "I was going to come by later," he said and Katniss realised this wasn't a delusion of her imagination and she wasn't insane. Peeta really had come home. Katniss's life explodes with colour after Peeta returned home; even Haymitch seemed to have some better days with Peeta around. Sometimes Katniss looked at Peeta and wondered what was going on in his head, wondered what he thought about and then her mind would drift to him in the Capitol being tortured because of her . Peeta was a survivor and sometimes Peeta would grip the back of the chair to get through a flashback. Sometimes Peeta would play with Katniss's hair, braiding it and undoing it when she had a particularly rough day. It had felt a lot like before, Peeta would drop some bread by and then they'd spend the whole day together never wandering too far from the other. Peeta looked up from his dinner one night "I protected you in the first games," he said "real or not real?" he asked. "Real," Katniss answered "I don't think I ever thanked you for that, I might not be sitting here today if you hadn't of led the careers away from me." Peeta's lips lifted up ever so slightly "It's what you and I do," he said "we keep each other alive." He repeated the words she had once said to him. "Do you still think about everything?" She asked softly, dinner forgotten. Peeta averted his gaze to the table momentarily "I do my best to stay busy so I don't think over it too much," Peeta admitted "there are times when I can still hear Johanna's screams or I see Mags and Finnick." "When I close my eyes I still see Rue, sometimes in the arena and sometimes in the painting you did. I remember Mags teaching me to do a knot, I think about losing Finnick, I think about when you hit the force field and your heart stopped and I can still hear the bombs going off." Katniss said hating how her voice wobbled slightly. Peeta's hand found hers on the table and he laced their fingers together as they sat in a comfortable silence. Peeta's been home for months when it happened. They were walking through the fields during the early evening, enjoying the green scenery and the pale pink and orange sky. This was quickly becoming one of Katniss's favourite time of day, walking through the fields with Peeta to get some fresh air and enjoy the openness of it all. "It's beautiful," Katniss commented as they walked hand in hand together, they were constantly touching or holding hands. It was comforting to know he was really there. Peeta hummed softly in agreement "I like it when we walk out here and see families playing together," he said "laughing like they don't have a care in the world, it's nice to see such innocence." "I suppose the only good thing to come out of everything is knowing what we had to go through wasn't for nothing," Katniss said. Peeta stopped walking and lightly tugged her in for a hug, it was something they did randomly but it always had Katniss clinging to him a bit tighter and every single time she felt a shoot of relief go through her veins. She's not sure if she initiated it but they're kissing softly and briefly under the early evening sky. It felt natural and she didn't know she'd missed it that much until she was kissing him again. After that kiss, they kiss in the morning when a cup of tea is brewing, they kiss when they potter around the houses and they kiss in the evening while dinner is cooking and when they're cuddled up on the couch watching the television. If Haymitch noticed anything then he didn't bring it up during their weekly dinners together, sometimes they'd spend all afternoon and evening in each other's company. Haymitch isn't too bad to be around and Katniss can hardly believe how differently she sees him now compared to when she found out he was their mentor. He's started to raise geese when in the absence of being drunk. Sometimes Effie visited them unannounced and joyous than ever. There'd be smiles, hugs and tears. Katniss doesn't remember Effie ever being so emotional but she'd sit opposite them and Katniss would notice a couple tears rolling down Effie's face as she looked between her and Peeta and she would say "I'm so sorry," through her tears "you two never deserved to live like this." Peeta would offer comfort to Effie and Katniss still finds herself caught off guard whenever Effie apologises for something that was never Effie's fault. It's not much longer that Peeta started staying over, so they could sleep without the interruption of nightmares. It doesn't totally hold them off but it's enough that they're not unbearable. Sometimes Katniss will jolt awake and Buttercup will move from the end of the bed to squeeze in between her and Peeta. "Hey you," Katniss would murmur softly, almost fondly. She'd heard Peeta chuckle softly the first time he'd stayed round "You used to hate that cat," he said softly "real or not real?" he asked. "Real," Katniss answered as she felt Peeta's fingers brush against hers as she ran her hand softly through the cat's fur. It's almost like one of her daydreams that it's painful; she leaned over and placed a kiss on his lips softly to remind herself that she hadn't gone insane because he was really there. "Now look at you two," Peeta murmured. Katniss smiled as she moved herself closer almost causing Buttercup to be lying on Peeta. Katniss had never been good with using her words especially when it came to talking about her feelings and she knew Peeta understood that. They're tangled in the bedsheets, cuddling in the aftermath when Peeta said "You love me, real or not real?" She may not have loved him during their first Hunger Games but something between them had changed during those Games because by the time the Quarter Quell came round it was obvious she felt something . Katniss answered "Real," softly into their bedroom "so very real." "Ask me," Peeta said as his hand ran through her hair and trailed down her back. Katniss halted the circles she was drawing on his chest with her finger idly as she asked "You