Disclaimer : I do not own any of the rights to the Twilight Saga or its characters. All intellectual and financial rights belong to Stephenie Meyer, author of Twilight , New Moon, Eclipse, and Breaking Dawn . Also the futures of some characters may have been altered to coincide with the story. *Since it's been so long, I went back through and made some small, insignificant editing on the chapter. Feel free to check it out...though not a whole lot changed really. Unwanted Prologue- Edward Cullen (point-of-view) The battle had not gone as planned. Contrary to our attempts, the Volturi did not stop to see what my daughter had to show them. Bella's rage at the situation distracted her. She'd barely gained control of the ability to shield others in the last couple of days. Bella's emotions led to a break in her concentration; and though she managed to cast a shield, the shield had numerous gaps. Aro and Caius attacked, along with their guard. In her state of fear and distress, Bella had abandoned the plan and grabbed Renesmee from Jacob's back before he could stop her. She managed to kill Caius before Alec and Demetri took her down, ripping her to shreds. As the unbearable scene unfolded, I ran as fast as I could, Jacob at my heels, to save my baby girl. But we were too late. Renesmee's body lay a few feet from her head. It was more than I could bear. Jacob and I went both went into a fierce rage. Along with the rest of our army, we managed to kill Jane, Alec, Renata and another half of the guard, plus Caius' wife Athenodora. Finally, what was left of the Volturi army retreated and returned to Volterra. Our side had suffered losses as well. Tanya, Senna, Benjamin, and Tia had been killed as well as two of the wolves, Leah and Jared. Then of course there was my wife and daughter. Afterward, all the remains were burned. I begged Jacob to kill me. In fact, I thought he would want to, certain he would see Bella's and Renesmee's deaths as my fault. He refused, as did any of his friends. He told me that "we both lost the loves of our lives" and I "deserve to suffer just as much" as he would. He also assured me that he could never trust me again, so he would always be watching my family no matter where we went. Following the gruesome battle, Alice and Jasper traveled around for awhile. Where? They never really went into details, but my best guess was places from their pasts. I think each of them needed some closure. Then, Rosalie and Emmett, they settled for awhile up North. Rosalie had been nearly as upset as I was about losing Renesmee, and Emmett felt some time alone would benefit Rosalie greatly. For years I grieved over my wife's and my daughter's deaths. Twenty years to be exact. My heart had been torn to pieces, and I never felt they could ever be put back together. Often, I planned my revenge on the Volturi, but no plan ever seemed cruel enough or possible for that matter. In August of 2026, Alice, Jasper, Rosalie, and Emmett all returned to Forks. Once the family was back together, Carlisle and Esme announced that it was time to move. They had been wonderful since the battle. Esme let me talk or vent to her whenever I needed to. And Carlisle, well he just let me grieve however I saw fit, hunting, sitting alone in my room, or destroying things (as long as I didn't hurt anyone). They gave me the choice whether or not to come with them to Jamison, Minnesota. A part of me wanted to stay here and mourn by myself for the rest of my life, but I knew how much that would hurt the family I had left. Thus, I decided it was time for a change. Maybe it would help me forget…a little. Chapter 1- Jerk My name is Musette Wells, and my life had been pretty normal up until now. I studied, played in band, sang in choir, went to dances, and hung out with my friends. That is, until August 2026. That's when "they" moved to town. I woke up the first day of my senior year. Managing to keep myself from hitting the snooze button a third time, I crawled out of bed and ambled down the hallway to the bathroom. I tossed my AC/DC tee and green boy shorts into the hamper and turned on the shower. The steaming water washed the sleep from my face and stiffness from my muscles. When I was done, I quickly dried off and threw on a pair of jean shorts, a black camisole, a purple half-length flannel shirt, and a pair of black Chuck Taylors. My three-minute makeup regimen and some hair gel to scrunch my wet strands was my usual routine before skidding downstairs and into the kitchen. Dean sat at the small, round oak dining table munching on a stack of toast. "Want some?" he offered between bites, holding out a piece slathered in peanut butter. "Sure thanks." I shot him a grin, inhaled the piece of toast, and poured myself a mug of coffee to take with me. "In a hurry lil' sis?" he asked through a mouthful of toast and peanut butter. "Well, it is already seven forty-five bro!" I pointed to the Ford Classics clock on the wall. "Oh damn! Gotta run." He shot out the door with the rest of his breakfast in one hand and his mechanic's shirt in the other. I grabbed my empty book bag, wallet, cell phone, and a pair of sunglasses then headed out to my car. I drove a decent five miles over the speed limit in my hot pink 1998 Jeep Wrangler. With a brother whose life revolved around cars, I got the works. Tricked out wheels, a kick-ass stereo system, a custom paint job, pink underbody lights, and all black leather interior with hot pink chrome accents. Avenged Sevenfold blasting from my subs, I pulled into the high school parking lot. As luck would have it, I parked right next to Carmen's Red Chevy Cavalier. "Hey chica!" she called out through an open window. Her door swung open, and she stepped out. Carmen proudly displaying her dark-skin and jet black hair, markers of her Costa Rican heritage. This morning, she was clad in short, red baby doll sundress with a pair of gold flip-flops. "Cute outfit Carmen." I exclaimed, as I used the Jeep's frame to swing myself out and over my driver's side door. "Likewise," Carmen replied in an upbeat tone. As we walked together, I looked up at the red brick building we had sacrificed the past three years to. Halfway across the lot, James joined us. He sported a pair of ripped jeans and an army green Pink Floyd t-shirt. "Ready for our last year?" he asked ecstatically, flipping his long blonde ponytail. "So ready," Carmen sighed. "Hell yeah," I uttered. Then I reached into my pocket and pulled out a folded up piece of paper. "So schedule swap?" We traded schedules, a tradition started in middle school. As I scanned the classes of my two best friends, my face dropped. No classes together, except band with James and study hall with Carmen. "We have calculus and chemistry together Carmen." James handed Carmen back her schedule. "Well, I'll see each of you in one class at least." I gave them a half-smile and returned James's schedule to him. "Sorry Muse," Carmen shrugged, "but what did you expect? I mean you are Miss 4.0 in all of the advanced classes. At least we will always see each other at lunch." "True," I nodded feeling better already, "It's not like it really matters much anyway. It's only school. And on the bright side, we got to choose our lockers this year. Mine is 222." I cast a questioning glance over at Carmen. "223," she announced, "And Zach's is 224." That girl glowed as those last words came out. Zach and Carmen had been dating for two years and kept a relationship that most people only dream of. On the other hand, James was single and would tell anyone who'd listen that most the girls at this school were too shallow and floozy to ever date. "I'm in 221." James announced nonchalantly. "Ahhh. A clean slate." "For all your masterpieces? James Cutter originals." I teased. "Just you wait. Someday, I'll be famous and you'll be jealous as hell." James smirked. I smiled up at him. James was honestly the best friend a girl could ever have. "Oh, there's Zach," Carmen's high-pitched words cut through the crisp morning air. She waved at the tall and tan, black-haired, soccer stud standing beside a beat up old Ford Fiesta. "See ya later Muse…James," she called out as she rushed into Zach's arms for a good-morning kiss. I looked away, blushing slightly. My feet automatically led me up the familiar path to the West doors of the school, a smile plastered to my face. I could feel that this was the start to an exciting year, and I couldn't wait. My school was small. Each class consisted of sixty or seventy students, so everybody knew everybody else. This could sometimes be a good thing and sometimes a bad thing. I reached my locker and spun the dial. 05-11-08 Click! The door swung open, revealing my previously prepared locker. Pin-ups of OneRepublic, Eyore, Harry Potter, and Kingdom Hearts papered the inside of the door along with a small magnetic mirror. Inside the locker were three homemade shelves wrapped in newspaper, already stocked with folders, notebooks, pens, pencils, a brush, and a spare tube of chap stick. I grabbed my yellow folder and notebook, plus a pencil and pen then headed to my first class, Honors English. Mrs. Hillman greeted me at the door. "Welcome back Musette. Good summer?" "Nothing too exciting," I answered as I slid into one of the chairs surrounding a big rectangular table in the center of the classroom. Once the first bell rang, students began piling in the room, filling the other chairs and leaving on chair open at the head of the table for Mrs. Hillman. The second bell rang, and Mrs. Hillman took her seat. "Welcome back and good morning students. Everybody here knows everybody else, but there is one new face in the room." Mrs. Hillman looked down at her lesson plan. "Mr. Edward Cullen. Would you please stand and tell the class a little bit about yourself." The class turned to where Mrs. Hillman had directed this request. At the far corner of the table a huge guy, white as snow, with short, messy, dark bronze hair stood up. He had grey circles under his golden eyes, and his ripped jeans and tight-fitted long-sleeved tee did nothing to hide his chiseled body. He looked at the floor as he spoke, his voice low, with no inflection as though he'd rehearsed his introduction a hundred times before. "My name is Edward Cullen. I am seventeen. My parents are Carlisle and Esme Cullen. I have two brothers and two sisters, and I just moved here from Forks, Washington." He promptly sat back down as a few students clapped awkwardly while the rest just stared. "Thank you Edward," Mrs. Hillman said brightly, "Alright class. Our first venture this year will be Homer's The Odyssey." The teacher continued on about how after reading each set of books, we would be graded on in-class discussions. Then, once the book was finished we would all be required to write a five to eight page report. She droned on about guidelines and grading scales until finally… Ring! I pulled out my schedule. Advanced Chemistry next. I returned to my locker, traded out my books, and headed for the Chemistry lab.