December 21st 1994. Harry is waiting for Pavarti to come downstairs. His foot taps a bit and he absentmindedly twirls his wand between his fingers. He used to do the same with his pencils and pens under his desk in primary school, under his desk of course so as not to get caught by the teachers, and the habit had transferred to his wand. He glances around and notices that Krum is also waiting for his date, the Quidditch player's eyes traveling to the stairs repeatedly as he waits against the wall. Harry is about to begin pacing again when he notices Pavarti on her way down. She's wearing a light pink gown with pale orange, gold, and pastel green accents within the fabric. Her bangles and necklace are also gold with a matching color scheme in the jewels. The only different color are the clear crystal pieces attached to the hair accessory that she's wearing. When Pavarti reaches Harry, he gives a smile. "You look lovely," Harry says. Pavarti smiles. "Thanks. Though you should wait and see who's coming." Harry's bewildered by the statement and looks back up the stairs when Pavarti gives him a nudge. When he sees what she meant, his breath caught. She's wearing a periwinkle blue gown that seems to shimmer a bit as she descends. She's wearing a silver bracelet that curls up and around her arm toward her elbow. Instead of fabric straps, silver chain drapes along her shoulders and connects to the dress, holding it up, with gems sprinkled amongst them. The chain climbs her neck slightly and forms a bit of a necklace. Her hair is done up in a complicated looking knot at the back, but the front half is hanging down, framing her face. Since it's not all curled up and frizzy, it's obvious that the hair at the front is shorter than the rest of it, and she has her bangs swept to the side. Harry meets her eyes and doesn't even realize he's smiling until she smiles in return. She reaches the bottom of the stairs and seems to blush a bit as she walks toward Harry. "Hello beautiful," Harry says, his mouth moving before he'd even thought about it. He feels his heart stop again, though this time in fear of what he'd said, but he's prevented from saying anything else by Hermione's return smile. "Hello Harry. You clean up nicely," Hermione says. "That green accents your eyes nicely." Harry's lips twitch and he feels himself blush a bit before pulling slightly at the collar of his shirt. "Thanks." This time, Hermione grins. Obviously she'd anticipated his response. There's the sound of a clearing throat and she turns. Krum is standing to her side and he gives a slight bow before holding out his arm. "I'll see you inside," Hermione says as she accepts his arm, and the two of them start toward the other two champions. "Hermione," Harry calls. She turns slightly, and looks at him with a raised eyebrow. Harry gives a smile before saying, "Save a dance for me, would you?" Hermione smiles and nods before turning back to Krum and starting a conversation with him. Harry watches her for a moment longer before mentally giving himself a shake and holding his arm out to Pavarti. "Shall we?" he asks. Pavarti, who had been talking with Lavender, turns back to him and nods. December 21st 1995 Harry sits at a table in the library of Grimmauld place. Luckily for him, the only people who ever come in here are Sirius, usually when he wants to get away from Molly or has reached the pinnacle of boredom, and Hermione, who is usually found within libraries so that's not too surprising really. He doesn't want to talk to anyone about his dream. He doesn't want to have them stare at him. Molly with her teary thanks and worry. Fred and George with their open curiosity. Ron with caution and worry. Ginny with her pity. The only two people in the house who didn't give him odd stares were, again, Sirius and Hermione. Another reason he doesn't mind them finding him here. The door of the library opens and Harry hurries to grab the nearest book and open it, pretending to be in the middle of reading. "You do realize that you're reading that upside down, correct?" Hermione's voice floats over to him. Harry looks up with a sheepish grin. She's standing just in front of the doorway, an amused smirk on her face and a couple of books in her arm. Padfoot is standing just in front of her, his nose to the ground and tail wagging slightly. As Hermione sets one of her books on a table, Padfoot gives a huff and walks over, jumps onto the chair opposite Harry, turns twice, and then flops into the chair. He gives another huff before setting his head onto the arm of the chair, his eyes tracking Hermione as she walks across the room and sits next to Harry. Another huff, though this one somehow different in tone, and then he closes his eyes. "Did he turn into a dog to find me, or…?" Harry asks in a whisper, his voice trailing off at the end. Hermione gives a slight frown. "No. Or, I don't think so at least. I found him like this and he was laying on the second floor landing. I told him I was coming to see you and that perked him up a bit. I'm not sure what the problem is." Harry frowns and furrowed his eyebrows. Sirius had been cheerful since they'd arrived, no doubt enjoying the company, so for him to feel the need to turn into Padfoot was slightly worrying. Harry sighs and runs a hand through his hair before shrugging. He can't do anything unless Sirius comes to him with the problem. Instead, he peers over at what Hermione is reading and has to hold back a chuckle. Of course she'd be reading on some obscure warding. Smirking a bit as he turns his book the proper way, he actually was reading it and had just set it down to think for a bit, Harry then leans back into the couch, setting his feet onto the table in front of him. They read peacefully for a bit, the soft snores of Padfoot and paper rustling as they turn pages being the only sounds within the room. After a little bit, though, Harry feels a slight weight on his shoulder and looks over. Hermione's book is in her lap, still open to the page that she'd been reading, and her legs are curled up underneath her. Her head is on Harry's shoulder and her breathing is deep and even. Harry gives a soft huff of amusement before gently pulling the book from her hands, placing a marker in it, and setting it on the side table next to him. She really should sleep more. He continues to read for a bit, but his own eyes start to grow tired and then he too is asleep. Sirius slowly opens his eyes and gives a yawn, his tongue lolling out for a moment before he closes his mouth again and shakes his head, ears flapping back and forth at the motion. Blinking, he looks around the room before zeroing in on the couch. Harry is asleep on the couch, slouched down a bit and his feet on the table in front of him. His arm is around Hermione, holding onto her lightly, as she sleeps curled up next to him, her head on his shoulder. Sirius turns back to his human form and pulls out his wand, silently summoning the camera from the mantle on the other side of the room. Putting a charm on it to mute the shutter noise, he takes a picture of the two sleeping teens, and then summons a blanket and directing it over to them. It gently lays over them and the two seem to snuggle further into the couch, falling to a deeper sleep. Sirius smiles slightly before standing and heading out of the room. December 21st, 1996 Harry loops along the field by the burrow and is heading back toward the house when he spots Hermione sitting on the wall watching as Ron, Ginny, and he fly around. He flies over to her and hovers a bit. He can tell by the smirk twitching at her lips that she's purposefully ignoring him. Harry grins, uses a charm on his glasses so they don't slip off, and loosens his grip a bit, rolling so that he's hanging upside down on his broom. Hermione's eyebrows raise as she looks at him. "Are you trying to have all your blood reach your brain?" Hermione asks. Harry ignores the question and poses one of his own. "Would you come and fly with me?" "Harry, you know I'm no good on a broom," Hermione says. "Besides, there aren't enough for the four of us anyway." Harry pauses before shrugging. "Ok, so you can share with me. I'll do all the steering and whatnot and you just enjoy the ride." Hermione stares at him. Harry's smile, which had been wide from flying, starts to disappear as he thinks that she's going to say no. Instead, Hermione's just thinking of how wonderful it is to see him happy. Especially since what happened last June. Just before Harry is about to tell her to forget it, that it was a stupid idea, Hermione smiles. "Very well. But let me tell you one thing Harry James. If you so much as try to attempt one of your normal stunts, I'm hexing you from here back to Hogwarts," Hermione says. Her strict tone is downplayed by her grin. Harry lifts himself back so that he's properly seated on his broom and nods. Drifting down to a height that Hermione can comfortably climb on at, he waits for her to get situated before leaning forward and wrapping his arms around her, his hands grasping the handle in front of her. "Alright, I'm going to raise up and start us off," Harry says. "I'll keep us slow for now." Hermione, suddenly looking very nervous, nods, her own grasp on the broom tight. Part of that could be that she's sitting the equivalent of side saddle, but Harry also knows that Hermione is an extremely nervous flier. Everything is calm as they slowly drift around the field. Hermione's relaxed her grip a bit and seems to be looking around with interest. It's not often that she sees things at this height. As Harry leans to take them into a gentle turn, the wind gusts and he has to adjust so that he keeps control. Hermione lets out a small "eep!" before her arms wrap around his waist and her face ends up buried at the juncture of his neck and shoulder. After a moment, Harry has them back to the gentle flight they'd been in. "It's ok, Hermione, I've got you," Harry says. Hermione doesn't move her head too much, just slightly so she can peek out. She's relieved that they're much closer to the ground, though she doesn't move from where she's at. "Promise you won't let me fall?" "I promise." December 21st, 1997 Hermione fiddles with the wireless, trying to tune in something. She hears a rustling outside the tent and tenses up, using the reflection of a mirror in front of her to look at the opening, relaxing a bit when Harry comes back in. She turns her attention back to the wireless and fiddles some more. She can't find anything interesting, so just leaves it on a station that's playing some classical music. Anything to fill the silence. She can feel Harry's eyes on her, but doesn't turn around. She's worried for Ron. Can't help it. He's gone off on his own, though probably back home, and she doesn't know what's