DISCLAIMER: I don't own Twilight. SM does that. AN- THE CHAPTER IS THE SAME. I JUST DELET FEW DESCRIPTIONS WHICH WERE INAPPROPRIATE FOR T RATING. CHAPTER 1 BPOV This Friday morning, the first thing I noticed was a horrible smell coming from downstairs. What the hell?! It stinks like rotting dead bod! I thought. I was still trying to figure out the smell when I heard my mom calling me "Bella, honey, breakfast is ready." I groaned. Well, that had to be the reason of the horrible stench. My mom and Breakfast were not a great combination. My mom, Renee, was an imaginative cook and her experiments were not always edible. Once she actually made anchovy syrup with mushroom pancakes! It was the reason I had learned to cook when I was only ten. I really didn't want to go through that again. I sent Edward a quick massage. Mom's crazy coming out save me – Isa. When he didn't respond right away, I checked the time to saw that it was only six. He had to be sleeping. I felt guilty for interrupting his sleep. Just then, my phone chimed in an incoming message. Your knight in shiny silver Volvo will be there in a moment My Lady…EDDIE I chuckled quietly at his antic. Your knight in Shiny Silver Volvo ! Really?! Edward or Eddie, as I used to call him, was my best friend of 17 years and boyfriend of 4 years. We had known each other since we were only one year old and we had been pretty much inseparable since then. When I was only one, my parents had gotten divorced. My mom had escaped my gloomy birth town named Forks with me and we had come to live here in Jacksonville. My mom, being the outgoing one, had formed a friendship with Edward's mom, Aunt Elizabeth. So, by default, Edward and I had towed along and become best friends. When we were 13 Edward had asked me out. Since, I could never say no to him and – there was this tiny bit fact that I had always found him attractive – I agreed. After six months of dating, on his fourteenth birthday Edward officially asked me to be his girlfriend – in front of our parents! I, being the sucker for Edward (No pun intended) said yes with only one condition that he would never stop being my best friend. He was more than willing to agree to that. We will always be each other's best friend, no matter what. "Bella" she called again. "Coming, give me a minute to freshen up." I quickly answered before, she actually bragged into my room. I wouldn't put it past her. Patience was not one of her many talents. -MF&LE- While brushing my teeth, I looked my reflection in mirror. I was just average looking with plain brown eyes and hair. My skin was too pale to consider normal, even though I had spent my whole life in The Sunshine State. But he was supposed to tell me that after all he was my boyfriend. And, Edward was anything but average. He had the most beautiful emerald green eyes, framed by thick eyelashes, prettiest shade of bronze hair, straight nose, angular jaw, high cheek bone, soft lips, beautiful crooked smile, broad shoulder, hard muscular chest, well defined six-pack... I shook my head to clear my thought before I actually started to drool. Trying to not think about Edward's body (and what I could do to the said body), I went to take a shower. As hot water cascade down my body and clearing my head a little in process, I realized it wasn't just physically we were so out of league. Our personalities were also completely different. I was shy, often socially awkward. I was a good student but never the top of class. I was not an athlete or musical or artistic or anything to brag on. There was nothing special about me. But Edward, He was smart, funny, caring, sometime a little crazy but responsible. He always handled himself with grace and confidence. He had been the top of class since elementary school. He was also a good painter and piano player. He was everything I wasn't. But, for some unfathomable reason he loved me. I knew he did. I had never doubted that. We might be so different from each other but we knew each other better than anyone. And, I knew in every cell of my body that he loved me as much as I loved him – unconditionally and irrevocably. When I was done with shower, I wrapped a towel around me and blow-dry my hair (not so eager to go down stair). After my hair was completely dry I went to my room and decided to kill some time by getting dressed up. That didn't take as much time as I would have liked, since I didn't do any make-up. I hated make-up. I usually preferred shorts but today I opted to wear one of my few skirts and my favorite sleeveless, white top. The blouse had a wide V-neck and tight fitted. I usually liked my hair down (so, did Edward!) but today I pulled it back in a high ponytail, since it was pretty hot out here in June. My only jewelries were a pair of dangle earring and the heart shaped locket which held a tiny photo of him and on opposite side inscription of our initials. The locket was a gift from Edward on our second Valentine's Day as a couple – the day he said he was in love with me for the first time. I never took it off. It was actually only half part of the locket; the other half Edward always wore around his neck, which held a tiny photo of me and our initials. These two joined to make a complete heart. " Two halves of a whole- just like us" He had said. -MF&LE- After I had stalled as much as I could, I slowly went down the stairs – already dreading what was to come. And, sure enough, the horrible stench grew more pronounced near the kitchen. I noticed that Phil was already siting on a dining chair with a grimace on his face. He was famous baseball player. Three years ago Phil had come to live across the street from Edward and met my mom in Masen's New Year party. They had instantly hit it off, even though he was few years younger than mom, and last September they got married. Phil had always been nice to me, but he was more my mom's husband than my stepfather. But that was not what made me stop on my track. In front of him, placed on the table, plates of what looks like mud pancakes and completely black bacon. My eyes widened in horror at the sight. I picked one of the mud pancakes, noticing it was the source of the smell, and asked with dread, "What is it?" "It's a chicken pancake" Mom answered me. I wrinkled my nose in disgust and placed it back in the plate. Chicken pancakes! Gross! "Since you like chicken I thought you would like it." She explained to me. "All right what's going on? Why are you trying to butter me up?" I couldn't take the suspense any more. I hope she wasn't planning on doing something crazy. My mom always came up with crazy ideas. She looked a lot like me except her blue eyes and red hair. But that was where our similarities ended. While I was the responsible adult, she always had been harebrained and reckless child. She was a kindergarten teacher, but she could be more immature than her students. I had spent my whole life taking care of her, guiding her. It was good thing Phil seemed to be a pro at handling her. "Why don't you take a sit? We can talk over the breakfast." She told me, stalling. I cringed at the word breakfast, but Phil shot me a pleading look. So, I sighed and did as she had said. She placed a mud…I mean a chicken pancake on each our plates and took a sit near Phil. "Well?" I asked not touching the pancake. "We have something to tell you." She trailed off looking at Phil, then at me. I raised my eyebrow and told her to continue. "Phil is going on a trip tomorrow." she bit her lower lip and looked down, looking ashamed. I was confused. There was nothing new about that. He always traveled a lot. Unless... "You want to go with him." I concluded, finally getting the mystery. "Yes, but I don't want to leave you alone." she answered looking troubled. I rolled my eyes. "Mom I'll be fine. I have Edward and Aunt Elizabeth." "So, you don't mind?" she asked, looking hopeful. "Don't worry about me, mom. You go have fun with Phil" "Thank you, Honey. I was so worried." She said. She looked so relieved that I couldn't help but chuckled. "Will you guys be back for Edward's birthday. It's after two week." The last bit of information was for mom's benefit. "Yes, we will be back then .We will be gone for a week only. Now, eat your breakfast." I tried not to grimace. Just then the calling bell rang. He really was my knight in shiny silver Volvo ! "That must be Edward. I have to go. " "But, honey, you still have one hour before school?" I tried to come up with an excuse, "Well…uh ... you see today is the last day of us as a junior. So…We are going to school early… to enjoy it while it last." I internally groaned at my horrible lying skill. Phil tried to hide his laugh with a cough. "See you later" I quickly grabbed my bag and ran before she asked for any further explanation. -MF&LE- I wrenched the door open, ridiculously eager to escape mom's cocking and, if I was being honest, to see him. And, there he stood – my personal miracle – looking perfect as always. As soon as I open the door his beautiful face scrunched up. "God! What is this nasty smell?" He asked plugging his nose in between his thumb and pointer finger. "Chicken pancakes" I deadpanned. His eyes became wide as soccer ball, before he shook his head, chuckling "You were right. This is crazy." "Talk about it." I snorted and walked to car. He shook his head, again, before opening the passenger door for me. He liked to do this kind of thing. He could be such a gentleman, sometime. He went around to driver side and handed me a bag. Curiously, I looked inside the bag and instantly, fell in love with him some more! He has brought me chocolate chips waffle! "Thank you! You're the best friend and best boyfriend in the world. I love you, Eddie." I reached over and placed a quick kiss on his lips, before devouring my waffles. He chuckled at my enthusiasm, pleased that he made me happy. "Well, I thought you are going to need something to lift your mood after your mom's recent cooking adventure. And what can be better than chocolate chips waffle?" He knew about my mom's cooking skills too. He had been a victim to it many times. "You are right." I mumbled after taking a large bite of one waffle. It was perfect with extra chocolate chips and butter, just the way I like it. I instantly knew that he had made it himself. Edward had also learned cooking with me, even though they had a cook and his mom was an amazing cook. Once I asked him the reason. "Isa, if you going to take care of your mom, there have to be someone to take care of you." he had told me, as if