BELLA'S PROPHECY CHAPTER 1 THE YEAR: 816 A.D. "JANE? JANE ARE YOU OK?'' said Bella. ''Be..Bells!" said Jane. "Jane! Are you ok? Why are your eyes red?" "You have to run!" Jane said. "Why, Jane? Are you ok?" "I am sorry," Jane said and bit down on Bella. She let go of Bella and screamed, "What did I do?!" "You did what you should have," said Aro. "What do you mean?" "You are a vampire, Jane. You drink human blood." "You have to save her! She's my best friend." "Why? She's only a human." Marcus stepped forward. "Brother, you need to save her." "Why, brother?" Aro asked. "Because they are mates." "Are you sure, Marcus?" "Yes," Marcus nodded. "Well, Jane, she is your mate - you should save her," Aro said "How?" "Bite her and release your venom." Jane picked up Bella's limp body and bit into her neck and released her venom. Bella screamed out in pain from the burning fire going through her veins. Jane laid Bella down on her bed. "Aro, what did Marcus mean by 'mate'?" "Well, young one, Bella is your soulmate. You are destined to be together for all of eternity." "I've always been in love with her. Why do I feel such a strong pull to her now?" Jane asked. "That is the mate pull. It is more noticeable now that you are a vampire," Aro explained. ''Will Bella feel it, too, when she wakes up?'' Jane asked. "Yes," Aro replied. CHAPTER 2 THREE DAYS LATER BELLA POV The pain was excruciating. I begged to die, I could not bear it. Still, there was someone or something there that made the fire less painful. I did not know who or what it was, but all i knew was it was a angel. When I heard my heart give its last beat, I opened my eyes to my new world. Everything was so much clearer; I could see every crack on the ceiling and wall; I could see all the dust in the air. I could hear horses and the wind through the trees. It was amazing. When I got out of the bed I was hit with the most amazing smell I have ever smelled before - it smelled like lemon and vanilla and was so sweet. Jane walked through the the door and when our eyes met I felt an instant pull where my heart was. It was like my whole world revolved around her, to protect and love her my entire life. I could not take my eyes away from hers. "Bella, are you ok?" my goddess asked. "Yes. I feel amazing." "Well, you certainly look great," a voice behind me said. I spun around, crouching to the floor in front of Jane, hissing. The strange man laughed and said, "I don't mean you or Jane any harm. I just wanted to see how our newest vampire is coming along." "Vampire?" I asked. "Yes. That is what you are." "Amazing," another voice behind me said. "She has great control over her thirst. The girl should be massacring the whole town by now, Aro." The second this was said, my throat started to burn with thirst. "She's thirsty. Bring me a human, Marcus" the first man, Aro, said. Ten seconds later, the man known as Marcus came back with a young boy around the age of 11. My throat started to burn more. "Eat him, Isabella. Do what your instincts tell you," Aro said. I ran at the boy and sunk my fangs into him and drained him dry. CHAPTER 3 When I was done, I turned to Jane and saw her smiling. "Do you feel the mate pull," Aro said. "What's a mate pull?" I asked. "A mate pull is something you feel when you find your soulmate, and you and Jane are soulmates." "How do you know?" I asked. "My lovely brother Marcus has the gift to see relationships and bonds through anyone. "Gift?" "Yes. Most vampires have special abilities. I have the power to see your entire life with just one touch." "What's my gift?" "We don't know yet, but Jane's has a gift." I turned to my beloved. "Can I see your gift, Jane?" She looked at me worried. "I don't want to hurt you." "Why would you hurt me?" "Well, dear Jane has the ability to create the illusion that you are on fire from within. It is quite painful, and mates can't hurt each other on purpose," Aro said. CHAPTER 4 "My brother and I will give you two some time together, and then we will be going to Italy," Aro said. "Why would we go to Italy," I asked "You will be joining our guard in Volterra," and without another word, Aro and Marcus left the hut. "Jane, are you alright," I asked when I saw her sad eyes. "Do you hate me for almost killing you?" she asked, looking down at the ground. "No, I don't." She looked up at me. "And about being soulmates...?" I said. "Yes. I have been in love with you for a long time." "Good, because I love you, too." We flew right at each other, crashing our lips together with so much passion, it was as if this might be our last time seeing each other. Later, interrupted by strange noises, we went outside to discover that there were people surrounding Aro and Marcus. One of them was a man with blonde, almost white, hair. "Jane, Bella, I see you two have accepted the mate bond" Aro said. "We have," Jane said. "Good. This is our brother, Caius, and the other Volturi guards - Felix, Demetri, and Alec. "These are the new guards?" said Felix. "The little one looks no older than 15!" Jane glared at Felix and he started screaming and writhing on the ground. "I'm 18, dick," said Jane. I couldn't hold in the giggle that came out of my mouth. "So that's what your gift does, Janie!" She turned around, smiled, and hugged me. "I'm glad you aren't scared of me, Bella," "I could never be scared of you. I love you." "I love you, too. CHAPTER 5 "You crazy BITCH!" Felix yelled at Jane. She was about to turn around and send him to the ground, but I'd already done it. "Well, it seems we found your gift, Isabella," Aro said with a big smile. I looked at him, confused. "You can absorb another vampire's gift" "Really?" "Yes. Come here and give me your hand." I did as he asked. He furrowed his brow and said, "I can't see a thing. A mental shield, as well." He was about to say something more when I gasped and took my hand away from his. "I just saw your entire life, Aro!" "Amazing. I can't see anything of her but she can see everything of me. Yes, she has a mental shield." "Astonishing," Marcus said. All of a sudden, I screamed in pain and rose to the sky with bright lights coming from my eyes and mouth. Jane ran to me only to be sent flying backwards to the ground. Finally, I dropped down onto my back, scrambling up as soon as I was able to and ran to my fallen mate. I grabbed Jane out of the hay she had landed in, helping her back to stand next to Aro. "What was that?" "I don't know, but I think it was yet another gift." The others just shook their heads. "If this is what I have to go through to get a gift, then that sucks! I'm exhausted. I wish I could just sit and rest for a minute." Instantly, a chair appeared. "What now!" I asked. "I think you just wished for a chair to appear and it did," Aro said. "That is quite a great gift," Marcus said. "I think you have the power to summon things just by wishing for them. "Oh, I have an idea," Aro said in a cheery voice, "Wish for my old friend Eleazar - he has the gift to see other vampiric gifts." So I wished for Eleazar to appear and he did, right before my eyes. "Where am I? Who are you?" he asked. "Eleazar!" Aro beamed. "Aro? Is that you? Where am I and how did I get here? "Calm yourself. You are here because I need you to read what this young woman's gifts are." Eleazar turned around to look at me and gasped. "She has great power. She may well be the most powerful vampire in the world." "What are her gifts? Aro asked. "She can make anything she wants appear to her by wishing. She can absorb other vampire's powers. She can control the weather, and there is much much more." CHAPTER 6 "Just a few minutes ago, she rose into the air with bright lights glowing out of her eyes," Caius said, looking at me in awe. "I have heard something about that in my one of my books," Eleazar said. "Young lady, return me home for a few moments and then summon me again." I sent him back to get his book and wished him to return with as little effort as breathing. He was holding a thick old book. "Here. It says, ' There will be a powerful vampire who will become a great ruler of vampire's. With the power to take others gifts. Soon after her turning, a bright light will shine out of her eyes - that is the absorbing of every living or dead vampire's gift. She will be more powerful than anyone can imagine' '. You are that vampire, young lady," Eleazar said to me. "My Bella, you are very powerful!" said Jane, smiling up at me. "You two are mates?" Eleazar asked. "Yes. Is that a problem?" I growled. "No. It just says in the book that you will have more than one mate." "WHAT!" Jane and I yell. "I will have more than one mate? Are you certain?" "Yes." "Well, Eleazar, I thank you for your help," Aro said. "You are very welcome." Eleazar said and turned to me. "I will see you soon." In a blink, I sent him home. "Well, Isabella, lets go before the sun comes up - we don't want any humans finding us." And so we left for Volterra. CHAPTER 7 1192 YEARS LATER It has been over 1000 years since I was turned and life in Volterra has been great. When we got here, Aro instantly crowned me Princess of Volterra, Jane and I got married, and we found out Jane and Alec were siblings, separated at birth. I am going on a mission to Forks, Washington to pose as a lonely human girl in order to get close to a vampire clan called, The Olympic Coven. Jane isn't happy about it because I will be gone for one year and she can't come. "I want to go with you, Bella!" Jane begged. "No you can't - they can't know I am a vampire and you are my mate. They already know you as the famous witch twin and would recognize you in an instant." "Ok, but I don't like that you have to date that veggie mind reader." "It's ok, my blood will be his singer. He won't be able to be near me for long periods of time," I assured her. "Alright, but call me when you have the chance, ok?" "Yes, my little angel," I promised, leaning down to kiss her. We kissed for a long time until Aro came into my bedchambers. "Bella it's time to go. Charlie will be waiting for you at the airport." Charlie was a loyal servant to the Volturi, even though he was human. I gave a good-bye kiss to my darling Jane and left. When I landed in the Seattle airport, I saw Charlie waiting for me at the gate. "Your majesty," he said. "Charlie, you must