Teithocontest august 2009: Eleven realms An ordinary Day Summary: Aragorn and Legolas found an injured elf in the woods, who tell them where she came from. Sat in an armchair, Legolas remembered this day. It was raining. The weather had been bad all the week and this morning, it was still raining. He thought sadly that it was only an ordinary day. Just another day for the majority of the people of Arda, but one tragic day for the few people who knew . Just another day. Aragorn and Legolas were returning from a hunt. The elf was merry, but the human was grumpy: he hated the rain. His feet were getting stuck in the mud, and he groaned with each step. That slowed down considerably the walking pace of the two friends. Legolas, several meters ahead, made a pause to wait for the ranger. He raised his head to let the rain slip freely on his face. He smiled. He could almost smell the revival of its heart, under fresh water. He turned, Aragorn's grumbles getting closer. He was about to send him a stinging remark when a noise made him turn around, towards the opposite direction. He put his finger on his mouth, telling Aragorn to remain silent. Accustomed to travel with his elf friend, the man did as he was told and crouched, putting his hand on the hilt of his sword. Legolas advanced gently in the direction of the river. Put aside the lapping of the waves and the falling rain, there was noise. He wondered one moment if what he had heard had come from animal. He was feeling a curious sensation. Aragorn joined him. « Melon nin ? Is all well? Legolas took a few seconds to answer: - There is no danger, if it is what you want to say, but I do not know if `all is well'. - What do you mean? - They are not orcs, nor animals, but I have an odd emergency feeling. He stiffened and took abruptly Aragorn by the arm: - Did you hear? It just happened again! - Legolas, I do not have your elvish hearing, I… - It is an elf! Exclaimed suddenly the prince of Greenwood, without listening to what his friend wanted to say to him. Come Aragorn, it is necessary that we find it! » And without leaving him time to reply, Legolas rushed with a quick pace along the river. Upon seeing that he left only almost unperceivable traces in the mud, Aragorn let out a brief growl of despair and started a difficult advance in the same direction. A cry of his friend made him raise the head. He instantaneously forgot any futile intention of complaint suddenly raised his pace. Behind a tree, he saw his friend knelt at the edge of the water. Aragorn shivered violently. Was Legolas wounded? Why had he shouted? The man did hi best to hurry, indifferent this time to the rain or the mud. Legolas got up swiftly and looked for his friend. He immediately located him and made signs to urge him along. Relieved that his friend was not wounded, Aragorn sighed and forced a little more still his pace. When he came within voice range, he asked: "Legolas? What happened? - Come quickly! She is wounded! These words seemed to give wings to the ranger. The instinct of the healer had taken over his wearied body. As he finally arrived at the level of the two elves, after one minute which seemed like an hour to him, he could not prevent a wince at sight of his friend's hand, covered with the blood a half immersed creature. - She is an elf, announced Legolas. Without answering, the man knelt beside his friend, at side of the elf who laid on her belly at the edge of the river, on a small pebble beach. He was almost startled by the contact of her cold skin. With precaution, he slipped the hand on the nape of her neck, while turning her over gently. Legolas maintained his two hands pressed on her thorax, in a poor attempt to limit, if not to stop, the flow of blood. Aragorn drew aside the hair of the face to examine her. She had no reaction. She was indeed and elf, as her pointy ears testified. Her eyes were closed, and her blue lips proved that she had spent a considerable amount of time in the water. With a light tremor, Aragorn approached his ear to her mouth, praying that he would hear a breath. Fortunately it was the case. Legolas had a sigh of relief upon seeing his friend raising his head and smiling to him. - It is necessary that we quickly take her along to Rivendel, she's losing a lot of blood. - Will she survive the journey? Aragorn did not answer immediately. He raised his eyes to his friend, and without smiling this time, he said: - She will not survive the wait while one of us returns with a horse and a stretcher. » Legolas wrapped the elf of his cape before taking her in his arms, being astonished by her negligible weight, even for an elf. The two friends pressed themselves in the direction of the kingdom of Elrond, always under a fine and unpleasant rain. They arrived finally, after one half-day of harassing walk. The rain had finally ceased. Informed by watchers, Lord Elrond waited for the two friends at the entry of the city. He sighed upon seeing them arriving. He accompanied them directly in a healing room. "In what troubles did you two once more put yourself? Who is she? Legolas gently laid his precious loading on the bed. He accepted with pleasure the dry cover that Aragorn was holding out to him, who had already wrapped himself in one. - We do not know, answered finally the human to his father. We found her on a beach of Bruinen. Legolas heard her use the last of her strength to haul herself up on the shore, he added after a glance to his friend who agreed in silence. Elrond was already examining the elf, who was still unconscious. He quickly cut her dress, on the level of the hips. He stopped one moment and with a sent away Aragorn and Legolas with a meaningful glance. He swiftly removed all the fabric. He winced with the sight of the deep wound, from which blood was still oozing out, in spite of first aid which Aragorn and Legolas had been able to give her. He washed the elf summarily, dealt with her main wound and looked after the few others less serious ones that he discovered, before dressing her with a long shirt in beige linen. He sat down finally at the side of the bed and with a tired gesture, passed his hand on his face. He hoped with all his heart that she was not the one which he thought she was. After a moment, the elf in the bed moaned and tried to rectify herself on the bed. Elrond put a hand on her shoulder so that she would remain lying. She started with the contact of his skin and looked at the healer, disorientated. « Ada ? She asked. - You are in Rivendel, penneth . My son and his friend found you at the edge of the river and brought you back. How do you feel? He realized at once that it was a stupid question to pose with an injured woman. Moreover, this one did not answer. She turned her head away and closed her eyelids as hard as she could, in a desperate attempt not to cry. - Penneth ? You… - Cease calling me thus! Only my father can! - Very well. How do you want me to call you? The elf appeared indecisive, which did not surprise Elrond particularly. He hesitated between leaving her alone in the calm for a while or on the contrary to press her on and make her speak. Her identity imported little to him, in any case he was almost certain that he knew it, but he needed to know if she was hurt badly, and where, to treat her better. - You have recognized me, have you not, Lord Elrond? Two polished swords, one plain, and one with sylvan patterns. She had a brief smile. I thought I was never going to finish these tiny leaves. A grimace of pain passed fugitively on her face. Elrond approached: - I need to know how you feel, Eressië. But the elf looked away once more. - They all… they're all dead, Lord Elrond. Her voice trembled. - Who? - All the inhabitants… Orcs… We are a peaceful folk, very little among us know how to fight… Knew… I could not do anything. Eressië quickly passed a hand on her eyes to hide her tears. - Eressië? Do you mean to say that-? - Yes. Silmenàro does not exist anymore. » Elrond and Eressië spoke a long moment. Behind the door, Aragorn and Legolas did not dare to enter. Finally the lord of these halls left, looking more tired than ever. "How is she? Aragorn dared. - She is tired, she lost a lot of blood. She was wounded while she was trying to escape from Orcs; therefore there is a risk that they are poisoned. Legolas threw a perplexed glance to him: - You are not sure of that? Elrond answered him with a severe glance: - Believe me, if she is poisoned, I will look after her, but in the meantime there are more serious matters at hand and she has many other concerns. None of them spoke during a few minutes. Legolas inquired finally: - Have you discovered who she is, and where she is from? - Yes. She is called Eressië. She comes from Silmenàro, far to the North. - An elf of the Silver Islands? Legolas murmured, impressed. - She worked there as a blacksmith. I bought several blades from her, all of them customed. She is the most gifted elf smith that I have ever met. She raised ironwork to the rank of art. - I always wanted to go to Silmenàro, continued Legolas, with a dreamy look in his eyes. I often hear people say that it's a city of art … Elrond did not answer immediately; then, after a few seconds, he sighed and decided that it would be useless to conceal what had just happened. - Unfortunately, that will not be possible any more, from now on. Silmenàro was entirely destroyed in an attack of Orcs. They burned the city. I already sent a group of warriors to enquire myself of possible survivors, he replied to the mute question of the two friends opposite him. - She succeeded in fleeing up to here? Aragorn was astonished. - She is an excellent fighter, contrary to the majority of the artists of the Silver Islands. Crossing the Bruinen was what saved her from the Orcs, they did not dare to follow her. - Will she live? - I do not know. She is very weak, and convinced to be the last survivor. Her wounds are serious, but beyond those, I fear that she might let herself die. » Lord Elrond excused himself and slipped away to regain his office. Aragorn and Legolas looked at each other with questioning glances, both speechless. Finally Legolas signalled his friend that he was going to enter the room. He pushed the door gently, without knocking, not to awake the elf if she had fallen asleep. He passed his head in the opening, and seeing that she was looking outside, decided to come sit down near her and introduce himself. « Mae Govannen . My name is Legolas. We found you at the edge of the river, with my friend Estel, he added by designating his friend