CHAPTER ONE 3rd Age - September 19, 3018 Saruman the White and Chief of the Istari would always carefully plan every outcome and possibility laid before him. Although he had shed his title because of his alliance with the enemy, the Maia's fame was great and his knowledge deep, for he possessed a skill that allowed him to easily control people's minds. His words would charm and bedazzle; even the Mighty Sauron was afraid of him. It was only a matter of time before the One Ring was rightfully his. Hiding in his fortress of Orthanc, he sat hunched over a parchment, his quill scratching quickly against the paper for hours on end. The room was lit only by the gentle orange glow of candle light. Examining the page over he slowly rolled it up and placed it carefully amongst the others. The old bearded wizard stood up, grabbed hold of his staff and made his way out of the room. The Istari knew for a fact that he would be the One Ring's next owner; he felt it in his very being. But... Saruman was no fool. He had prepared himself for the very slim chance that he would fail - if the ring was destroyed and his current body discarded. Yes, even in this eventuality, he had prepared and he held pride in the knowledge that he had control over even his own death and rebirth. Yes, that made him most content. Walking purposefully down the long circular flight of marble steps, he entered the small kitchen on the ground floor. If someone were to enter this room, they would notice nothing out of the ordinary. He stopped beside an worn rug situated in the middle of the room and pushed it aside with the tip of his foot, revealing a trap door. He whispered a word and the trapdoor unlocked with a resounding click. His staff suddenly glew bright, showing a tight passage going downwards before him. Carefully, he descended the rough stone slab of stairs and the shadows danced around him. Ahead lay another source of light. With another word of magic he willfully changed his appearance into that of a graceful and handsome elf. His robes of white remained the same but now his stance was straight and strong - youth and graceful charm exhuming from every part of him. The room was dark, humid and stuffy with a low ceiling and no windows; what was visible of the barrels and supplies were covered in spiderwebs and a thick dust. It was a regular cellar except for one detail; a beautiful elleth rested against a small bed, lit by candlelight. Her long, wavy midnight hair was sprawled around a delicate face; features only the firstborn were graced with. She wore a simple grey gown and sang softly to her swollen abdomen. Upon his arrival her eyes came alight and she sat up with difficulty. "Curumo, my love!" He sat down beside her and held her slender hand in his and leaned over to kiss her lips. "My Dearest, Nórisilmë. How fares our little one?" "She is so very full of life," Nórisilmë answered, a beautiful smile curving her lips. The Istari was momentarily lost in thought. It didn't really matter if the baby was female, his plan would still play out the same way. He smiled back at his elven mate and brought the back of her hand to his lips. "She will be a wondrous beauty, like her mother." The elf maid stared at him with adulation, a slight blush reaching her pale cheeks. His web of deceit and manipulation had been carefully woven over time, the elf had taken no notice of her imprisonment; fully believing in his lies. Saruman didn't feel a shred of pity, guilt or regret for these innocent lives he placed in danger. He had a purpose and nothing in his meticulous plan could afford to go awry. Leaning in and gracefully placing his hands on each side of the abdomen, he whispered in the ancient tongue of magic. 3rd Age - August 5th, 3019 Twas a grand day when the One Ring had been destroyed and Sauron and his armies were no more. Aragorn had been crowned King and forces of evil were vanquished. Now standing at the eve of a more peaceful age, Middle-Earth rejoiced. King Elessar had married the beautiful Arwen Undómiel and made her his wife. The sapling of the White tree they planted, a symbol of rebirth and of hope. Although the thick veil of Sauron's darkness had been lifted, word of Saruman's devious escape from the Ents brought him worry and he decided to rid his fortress of any artifacts that could be used for evil. Under the white flags of Gondor, amongst the soldiers were with his faithful companions Legolas and Gimli who traveled with him to Orthanc. The lone tower stood silently amongst the ravaged land as a witness of the evil that had transpired within. The former beautiful adorned front doors were now but destroyed and the white marble outer wall; was broken and scorched. It was with renewed hope that some of the wrongs that were done to the land would be righted. Stealing a glance at his companions, his sword Anduril at the ready, King Elessar carefully advanced into the depths of Saruman's former dwelling. The group painstakingly searched the broken tower's every nook and cranny. It was a long but necessary task. The place lay in utter disarray; chairs overturned, parchments and books littered the ornate carpets, vases and statues were broken. Even if the evil of Saruman had been vanquished and was no more, a thickness and dread to the air remained. They climbed up the stairs to Saruman's luxurious study and sleeping quarters. The group began their meticulous search amongst the many artifacts. Most of what they found was rubbish and what held some significance had been destroyed beyond repair. "By my aunt's great beard!" Gimli exclaimed, most of his body buried in a large wooden closet. "What is it, friend?" Legolas gave the dwarf his full attention. Aragorn knew that tone meant Gimli had made an interesting discovery and turned around to look. The stout dwarf came out of the closet with a splutter, flailing his arms about, uttering a long string of dwarven curses; attempting to get free of the robes that had fallen upon him. Elessar tried to hide his mirth pulling at the corner of his mouth but found it was incredibly difficult given the dwarf's constant comical lack of grace. By the look of it, Legolas wasn't faring any better. A sense of wonder overtook of him as a beautiful jewel was revealed sparkled in the dwarf's large calloused hand. He came up to him with excitement and held it in his own hands. The magnificent jewel shone with many perfectly cut facets. "Elendilmir, Star of the North! It was presumed to be lost forever when Isildur perished in the Gladden Fields!" King Elessar couldn't believe such an item would be hid in closet. "This jewel contains a tiny measure of the light of the Silmarils," Legolas spoke in reverently his eyes entranced by the treasure found. "By my great-grandmother's beard! This is a most wondrous find!" Gimli was ecstatic. There was nothing more enticing for a dwarf than precious ancient jewels. "You may keep it safe with you until our return," Aragorn added, carefully handing the jewel back. Gimli cheeks turned bright red and he bowed clumsily, "T-Thank you, King Elessar, I will guard it with my life." Legolas laughed, positively beaming from head to toe. Aragorn joined in the laughter. Their travels to Imladris hadn't been in vain. But the celebrations were suddenly cut short. "My liege!" Aragorn spun around. His second in command, out of breath held a look of deep concern in front of him. "What is it?" "We found something very troubling down in the cellar. Please, make haste!" Drawing out their weapons, Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli swiftly made their way down the spiralling stairway and soon found the open trapdoor in the kitchen. A faint sound came from its depths. "An infant's cry!" Legolas noted in alarm, worry creasing his forehead. "This wretched place of evil is no place for an infant," Gimli's deep voice rumbled. "Agreed," Aragorn felt a deep dread rise inside of him. They reached the bottom of the cellar, it was pitch black and the small whimpers of a newborn were alarmingly close somewhere in this room. A soldier brought a torch alight and the darkness was lifted, revealing a slender feminine form laying on a bed under a slim blanket. She held a tiny bundle in her arms. There was no mistaking the delicate features and pointed ears - the woman in front of them was elven. As Aragorn got closer, he couldn't help notice her gaunt sunken cheeks and her ashen skin. The dread that had begun mounting earlier had formed knots in his stomach. Legolas was already at her side, her limp hand in his. "Is she?..." Aragorn began, afraid of what the answer might be. "No… almost. She is fading…" Aware of their presence, the elven maid opened her eyes. "Curumo, my love. Is that you?" the words were spoken in Quenya and barely audible. Aragorn held his breath. Curumo was one of Saruman's other names. Legolas shook his head and replied in her own tongue, "I am Legolas of Mirkwood, this is Gimli son of Gloin and his liege, King Elessar Telcontar of Gondor. Pray tell me, what is your name? Tears of ran down her face, "Nórisilmë of the Avamanyar." Aragorn recognized the word. The Avamanyar were of the elves who refused the summons to Valinor. He stole a glance at Legolas and the elf returned his concerned expression. Elessar knelt at her side, his heart in his throat, "Please, lady Nórisilmë, let us tend to you and remove you from this lonely prison." "I'm afraid that my time in this world is over," her regret and sorrow was palpable. "Please take care of my child, my sweet Tuilindil." The elf coughed weakly, her breath short and uneven. She gave the little bundle a soft kiss on the forehead and looked to Legolas, "You are of my kin. Please, have her brought to the Undying Lands; to see the light of Valinor. This is my wish," Nórisilmë extended her arms and handed him her infant. Legolas looked visibly shaken as he cradled the tiny elven baby in his arms. "Valar, forgive... me..." Her eyes remained on her baby for a moment then she closed her eyelids, all life leaving her body. Her head fell to the side and her chest lay still. Aragorn felt a deep rage aimed at Saruman. He couldn't comprehend why he had imprisoned this poor elf maid… He suspected that he had created this offspring with her. For what purpose? Even after the darkness of Sauron was lifted, innocents yet still suffered from Saruman's evil and deception. He tenderly covered the rest of her body with the bed sheet. It was with a heavy heart that King Elessar departed with his companions and soldiers to make the trek back to Gondor - Gimli holding the legendary Elendilmir, and Legolas; a tiny baby elf. 4th Age - April 14th, 23 "Eldaaaaarion!" At his name, the young man shifted his weight around to face the sing-song child's voice. His sight was covered with a cloth and his arms extended in her search. The child, looking to be no more than 7 years of age, squealed in delight as his fingers grazed her skin and she sprinted away from him. "I am too swift, you will not catch me!" Peeking from under the blindfold, Eldarion reached for the child in a few strides, caught her and spun her as she giggled uncontrollably. They both fell onto the lush grass of the beautiful garden