Chapter 1: Introductions I see her for the first time after the Victor's parade when everyone is exiting their chariots. I had seen her on the television before when she volunteered for her sister at the reaping. But, this time it's different. It is the first time I really understand why she is the talk of every tribute and mentor around. She steps off the carriage and looks up at me standing across the room. She knows she stole the show, and her smile shows it. We make eye contact for just a second, but it is long enough for me to literally lose my breath. Her piercing blue eyes stare into mine and for a second I lose the tough guy act. A smile breaks through my lips before I can stop and think about how this goes against all 18 years of my existence. I quickly look down and pretend I 'm smiling out of my own cockiness and assurance. I watch her walk out of the room holding her fellow district tribute's hand. I continue to stare at her perfect body moving in that tight black outfit until I realize there are other people talking to me. I'm snapped out of my intense staring when my mentor waves his hand in front of my face in confusion and asks what the heck I'm still doing standing here. I shove him and tell him to leave me alone. The real me is back and I am not about to take shit from anyone. I charge out of the room and head to the elevator up to my suite. The next day is the first day of training. All 24 tributes are gathered around ready to start learning different skills to help survive the Games. It is such a joke to me. I have been training for this moment ever since I entered the academy at 12 years old. I glance around at the stations and let out a chuckle that I make sure everyone hears. I want them to know that I am above this. I make sure they understand when I take a spear and flawlessly throw it into a dummy over 20 feet away. All eyes turn to me, including the girl who has been on my mind since the night before….Katniss. She looks frightened when she examines the perfect placement of the spear into the dummy's heart. I give her a confident smirk and cross my arms over my chest smugly. I want her to think I don't care about her at all… and that she is just another player in my games. The day progresses slowly. I get bored after about an hour. There are only so many trainers you can knock out in the combat round, or so many targets you can skewer with knife marks. After I show everyone I'm the top contender and that they don't stand a chance, I sit down to observe her. She is working at the fire making station attempting to turn rock into a blaze. The frustrated look on her face makes her look even sexier to me. I can't help but avert my eyes to her body in that tight training suit. Her curves are almost bulging out of the spandex, begging to be unzipped and released. I feel myself getting hard and have to look away. I curse under my breath at my obvious weakness. How can I kill someone that I fantasize about spending every second with? My anger over my inability to control my feelings triggers a whole new rage and I grab a long sword and stab it into the ground, completely ripping through the soft mat. After that I can't contain myself any longer. I slowly walk over to her so she gets a chance to see me coming before I get there. After a few steps she looks up. I see her eye me up and down for a second, and that's when I know I am not the only one who feels this attraction. I discreetly flex my muscles as I walk and give her a slight smile before I speak to her for the first time. "So you're Katniss huh? The one everyone's been talking about. Too bad you can't seem to light a fire." I tease. "What do you want, Cato?" She replies with a hiss. "Whoah there. All those flames on your outfit last night didn't warm you up at all. I'm just trying to be friendly…get to know the competition." "Well I have no interest in getting to know you." "The looks you give me would state otherwise." "I don't know what you're talking about. Obviously, you have spent your whole life believing you are the hottest thing alive. Being best friends with the Capitol must be pretty nice for District 2. You're the Capitol's lapdogs; you've been doing whatever they want for your whole life." The comment angers me and I quickly snap back, "I've worked my ass off for my District. I'm proud to be here representing it. We have pride where I'm from. Something District 12 would know nothing about." I end the conversation when I add, "And thanks for calling me hot, babe. Right back at you." I'll let her think about that comment for awhile. I know it'll drive her crazy . I hear her mutter under her breath but she isn't quick enough to hide the blush forming on her cheeks. Later that night, I'm preparing for the interview that will be broadcast to all of Panem. I already know the card I'm playing; cocky, confident, and a ruthless killing machine. I've got it down to a science. It's all I've ever known. I've made girls swoon for as long as I can remember. There's something about a guy who is training to become a rich and famous victor that makes them all want me. I can't even remember all the names of my conquests. There have been so many that I don't even keep track. Before the reaping, girls were practically lining up. I'm glad I could provide them all with a night they will never forget. I don't plan on changing now that I'm at the Games. I've had my eye on Glimmer and Clove. Glimmer is tall, blonde, and curvy. She has huge boobs that I can't help but notice. I can tell she's easy too. I have no doubt in my mind that I can get with her whenever I want. Speaking of which, tonight is looking like a real good time for that. Then there's Clove. She is from my District so it's almost too easy. We share a penthouse and I have already caught her pathetic attempts to get me to notice her. She walks by my room at night with her robe open, pretending that it's accidental. I might have to take advantage of our rooming situation before we enter the arena. But there's something about Katniss that draws me to her more than the other two. Maybe it's the chase. I know she despises me because of my reputation and the fact that I'm from a District that is practically a part of the Capitol itself. Part of me wants to get to know her, and part of me wants her like I do Glimmer and Clove. All of them have to die in the end so I don't know why I'm thinking about it so much. But I can't seem to shake this girl from my thoughts. Before I know it, it's my turn to step out on stage for the interview with Caesar. I walk out confidently grinning at the crowd, eyeing all the pretty screaming girls with a sexy look. Caesar greets me with a handshake and we get started. "Hello Cato! Isn't he dashing ladies?" All the girls scream even louder and I hear a few whistles. I just smirk and give them a little muscle flex. "Well thank you Caesar. I do love the ladies." "And they sure love you. So tell me? Any special girl that has caught your eye?" The question has caught me by surprise. If I didn't stop to think about it for a second I would have impulsively blurted out Katniss's name. "Caesar I'm not here for the girls. I'm here to win, and I will win." "Ahhh, I love your confidence. Why do you think you will win, Cato?" "No one comes close to me, Ceasar. I'm deadly with every weapon and I have been waiting for this moment my whole life. I eat, sleep, and dream these Games. Now is my time to become the victor I know I will be. All the other contestants are merely distractions. The fact that they are even in the Games is just sad because they will all be dead in a few weeks. I won't hesitate to kill anyone." "Wow, look at you! I love it, just love it! Ladies and Gentleman, you heard him! He's ready to win this and go home to some more lucky women!" I laugh, shake his hand, and exit the stage as confidently as I stepped out. I stop when I get to Glimmer and whisper into her ear for only her to hear. "You know you want this. Meet me in my room later beautiful. Don't let anyone see you, it'll be our secret." I give her butt a squeeze and walk out of the room making sure to give Katniss a smile as I walk by. Just as I predicted, Glimmer is knocking on my door a few hours later. I'm not in the best mood after seeing the boy from District 12; I think his name is Peter, say he is in love with Katniss. This is just what I need. I open the door and am greeted with Glimmer in a tight robe. She walks into the room and immediately drops it. Her red bra and underwear accentuate her body perfectly. "I don't know how long it will take for them to realize I'm gone." She whispers. Good thing I don't plan on wasting any time. I didn't ask her to come for small talk. I grab her face and pull it towards mine hungrily. Her hands are all over my body within seconds. She rips off my shirt and seductively unclasps her bra. We're still at the door so I lead our interlocked bodies over to the long kitchen table in the center of the room. I lean her up against the table and she begins to unzip my pants. She moves from my mouth to my neck, and then slides her hand down my chest, eventually ending up at my penis. She pulls down my pants and puts her hands on my dick to feel it. Then, I push her down to her knees, forcing her mouth around me. I keep my hand on her head as she sucks it fiercely. When I'm about to finish and I can't contain it any longer, I pull her head up and lift her body up onto the table. I rip off her underwear and push myself on top of her. I quickly enter her and feel the wetness of her surround me. I thrust into her back and forth as hard as I can. Her hands are grasping at the table and she is moaning with pleasure. She yells my name and tells me to go faster. I place my hands on her shoulders and push as hard as I can into her body. Her face is contorting with pleasure. When I finish, she lets out a long cry and screams my name. I pull out and let out a long breathe. Ahhhh, that was awesome. It's too bad she has to die because I could get used to having her around. She tries to pull me back onto her to kiss her but I refuse. We're done here . I