Are you Sirius? CHASER 1: Write about the Truth leading to a death OR write about a Dare saving someone's life. Prompts: 2. (emotion) scared ; 6. (colour) midnight black ; 10. (word) wither Words: 2986 Hermione Granger was a smart, rational human being. Hermione Granger was a snoopy, inquisitive witch. Hermione was an excellent researcher. Hermione Granger was a true and loyal friend. All of this must be stated to understand the utter unlikeliness of the situation that was presenting itself for her next task. Hermione Granger had gone back to Hogwarts after the rebuilding following the war and had gotten Outstanding in Ancient Runes, Arithmancy, Astronomy, Charms, Defence Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, History of Magic, Potions, and Transfiguration, and an Exceeds Expectations in Muggle Studies. (She was a bit peeved about the latter, but dismissed it because her Professor was a "ditz" who had never lived outside the wizarding world and would not know her toaster from her iPhone, or so Hermione told me.) Hermione Granger is now gainfully employed as an Unspeakable researcher in the Department of Mysteries. That is why she has been called in to the Head's Office. "Hello, Analisa," Hermione greeted the administrative assistant and brains behind the running of the department. "Mr. Jenkins owled me to meet him first thing this morning. Is he in?" She set a muggle mocha latte on the desk in front of Analisa Bones. "This is for you." Analisa Bones was a second cousin of Susan Bones, former classmate of Hermione's from Hogwarts. Analisa sipped the chocolaty coffee that Hermione had brought. "Yes, he's in and waiting for you," she replied. "I don't think he went home last night because he was here when I left yesterday, wearing the same clothes, sitting at his desk, staring at the same file as yesterday. You can go on in." As an afterthought she added, "Good luck!" She added, "She'll need it," in a whisper as Hermione entered the office following a rap on the door. Hermione placed a tea on the desk near her boss's right hand, but far enough from it to avoid his spilling by accident. Mr. Jenkins didn't acknowledge her presence, but picked up the tea and took a sip before he looked up from his reading. The two had worked together long enough that they were in tune with each other's habits. "Sit!" he commanded. "What do you know about the Death Chamber?" Hermione shuddered remembering her first and only visit to the room. "It holds a portal to the next world," she replied quickly. "Maybe. Do we really know what it is?" She thought a moment, "I've also heard that it is a portal to another world. The muggles have a motion picture about such a portal called 'Stargate'. I have wondered if this might be like that. There really isn't much available for research." Mr. Jenkins took another sip of his tea, reached into his drawer and brought out a package of store-bought biscuits. "Want one?" He offered the package, then he pulled it back when she took her head. "No, there is very little written about it because it is a touchy subject. It is related to the time-turner area of expertise." He gave her a withering look indicating that he knew she had been involved in the destruction of the time turners. Currently they were being replaced, but Hermione was not allowed in that portion of the Department of Mysteries. "The Veil absorbs persons at intervals and then expels them later, or an earlier date in some cases. Therefore, there is not much written down related to the veil. It would completely disrupt the space-time continuum." He paused so Hermione might process what he had just told her. "I am entrusting you with this information because the runes are beginning to glow in a pattern indicating a return. I may not be around the next time this happens as I am nearing retirement and my 125th birthday next month. As the holder of the information in this folder, I am passing my information and responsibility regarding the Death Chamber to you. I hope to be here when the return happens, but the message in the runes is not clear." He stood from his desk and said, "Come with me." Taking one more sip of his tea he slowly led the way out of the room leaning heavily on his cane. It had always intrigued Hermione that purebloods of a certain age, or linage, had hand carved canes with wands concealed in them. This one was midnight-black ebony with a silver lynx as the end of the wand and hand hold. It had obviously been handed down through many generations of Mr. Jenkins's family. Hermione followed him out the door, closing it behind her, and walked a couple of paces behind her supervisor. They paused at the center of the room where the various doors were at the end of what seemed to be spokes of a wheel. He turned and reminded her to clear her mind, "Forget everything you have been told about the Death Chamber and the Veil." This was like what Hermione had been told when she began work as an Unspeakable. "Forget everything you have been told about the Department of Mysteries. We can access the doors we need, or we'd never get anything done. We would just be looking for our offices. If you were not an Unspeakable, you would not have the correct access." Once they entered the Death Chamber, the door closed behind them. Hermione shivered at the memory of her last time here. She, however, put on her "poker face" so that Mr. Jenkins would not know she was scared to return to the place where Harry Potter's godfather had fallen through the veil during a duel with his cousin. The echo of the memory of Bellatrix Black LeStrange's laugh chilled Hermione to the core. This time she had more time to look around her at the room. It was at least 15 feet from floor to ceiling with only the arch which was shaped like the twisted portion of a Mobius strip and the reflection in the polished floor seemed to be the remainder of the strip. Hermione could not help but wonder if the infinite properties of the strip had anything to do with the time-travel properties that Mr. Jenkins had spoken of earlier. The old wizard started, "You will notice that the arch is centered in the room. When you move behind it there is no explanation how someone could fall through it to someplace else. The last time the runes on the surface began to glow, a traveler came 200 years from the past. This is exactly why we don't discuss travelers, nor even mention their existence. Can you imagine the havoc that Tom Riddle could have caused if he had known?" "That would have been catastrophic," Hermione replied. "Could he have controlled whether he would have gone to the past or to the future?" She shook her head and said, "No, you said that there is no way of knowing. Does the rune pattern remain the same for travelers?" "No, we have no way of knowing," the man said with a wistful look in his eye. "The only thing we know is that someone is coming. The traveler does not age or lose age during the time they are in the Veil. This is the only constant. The pattern of runes has been different every time and they change from day to day, hour to hour. Therefore, I slept here last night. I am getting too old for this, consequently I am turning over the responsibility to you. As the time is near, we need to watch closely. I will be relieving you for a few hours each day for you to sleep, but you need to go home and bring your "go bag" and let your family know you will be unavailable for an unknown period of time, probably no more than two weeks." "I always have my "go bag" with me," Hermione stated and indicated the purple beaded bag she had attached to her belt. The older wizard shook his head and was sad for the young woman. Here was a thirty year old war heroine, attractive, smart, witty and powerful witch who should have a family outside her work. "Just hold your wand up when you come back and think of this room. When you entered with me, it was keyed to allow entry." She watched as was her mentor examining the lit runes and writing the information on a notebook. He paused and said, "I note the time, the color of light emitted from any lit rune plus the translation of the rune. I also describe any anomalies. For instance, this one that means "love" is glowing gold, but changes to silver, then blue, followed by red. The red color remains steady for about five minutes then it becomes gold again for the rest of the hour cycle it seems to be on. In all the silver and blue are only about two minutes each, but this last time they blinked alternating silver and blue for a minute as they were changing. The change to red was just abrupt, as was the change from gold to silver. I've never seen it happen in all the times I've received returners." "How is one selected to go through the Veil?" Hermione asked, thinking of Sirius Black who was forced by his cousin. "You'll know when an appropriate candidate appears and has a valid reason. They always have to be reminded that they will be the same age when they return as when they left and they have no control over the year they will return to." He smirked, "Talk about your ultimate trip. Generally, travelers are single and have nothing to live for in the current time." His look said, "Like you." But it went unsaid. They sat silently watching the arch and the runes that were changing from time to time. They noted the changes and the time of the change. Then they waited. After four hours, he said, "Go get lunch and then come relieve me so I can get mine." Hermione returned to find her supervisor sitting exactly where she had left him. "Would you ever want to try?" she asked nodding toward the arch. "I don't know," he replied thoughtfully, then gave her a smirk, and a wink. "Who's to say I already haven't?" "Okay," Hermione answered thoughtfully, "what's the protocol when we have a return?" "It depends on how long they have been gone or whether they've come from the future. The wizard that came from 200 years in the past was taken to a safe house, given a new identity and taught how to live in the twentieth century. He is now an Unspeakable." "What if they are from the future?" "The protocol is the same. We try to not change their memories because we get some really innovative ideas and revolutionary developments this way." Hermione thought a minute more and asked," What do we do about people who have not been gone long and come back when people that knew them are still alive?" "Since I haven't come across that in any of the notes," he answered, "you would have to make it up as you go." "I have another question," Hermione stated. "Of course, you do. Please go on." "When one travels through the Veil, assuming they are prepared, but do not want to work for the Ministry, how are they financed?" Her mentor chuckled, "Are you planning on leaving? If you plan to go you naturally take a suitable number of galleons out of Gringotts." Hermione frowned. "Galleons are not date stamped and are goblin made. The coins made yesterday look exactly like the ones made fifty or five hundred years ago or two hundred years in the