Author's Note: Hello lovely reader, this is the sequel to Formidable, another fanfic of mine. I advise you read it before this, but it is your choice. Anyways, I hope that you enjoy this chapter and perhaps would be kind enough to leave me a review? :D Haha, my dears. Enjoy and review! xx in-sur-gence [in-sur-juhns] noun: an act of rebellion; insurrection; revolt Katniss: There's something different about him. When I walk into the train compartment with a full crew of cameramen trailing behind and eager to film our reunion, I already can tell. Cato is sitting by the window, looking outside at the snowy landscape, and when we crowd in, he turns and stares for a moment before sending a flashing smile towards me. "Katniss Everdeen. It's been half a year," he says, getting up. He's leaner….not skinnier, but not as big as the last time I saw him, his frame isn't completely loaded with muscle, yet there obviously isn't an ounce of fat either. "Yes..." I step forwards hesitantly; I expected something other than this. Perhaps a warmer welcome? Something that shows that we are more than simple comrades? "Miss me?" My doubts melt away when he looks down at me with those eyes of his, they are as bright as his smile. Then he kisses me, but through the warmth and the feeling of his hands holding my face, there's something else. I can hear the crew's hushed excitement and Effie's delighted gasp. So when we pull away I pretend that nothing was wrong, and smile and laugh for the cameras. Cato is grinning too, and I feel him sweep me up and carry me towards the seats. "Cato, I did. But it's marvelous to be with you again," I say in a bubbly, chirpy voice that isn't my own. I wish that they'd stop filming already, I can't be myself when so many people are watching and all I hear is the sound of the crew adjusting their lenses. The drifting snowflakes and the blinding whiteness outside lend the room a beautiful natural glow that merges with the warm light cast by the chandeliers. I stare at his face, the face that girls back home envy me for, the face that Gale dislikes me for, and the face that is so familiar yet sends butterflies down my stomach every time I see it. "You're not acting like yourself, love. I've been waiting to see you for months, grace me…" He smirks, and before he even finishes the sentence I plant a quick kiss on his lips, silencing him. "That isn't you either, but I'm not complaining," he chuckles, and then I am putting my arm through the crook of his arm and pulling him up and towards the door where we came in through. "It's great out there, let's go." I laugh and merrily lead Cato outside in the snow, where he gives me a wild grin before gently bumping into me. I fall into the snow, still smiling and immediately start scooping up as much snow as I can with my warm fur gloves on. "Oh, I do love that. You're all still filming this, right?" Effie's excited voice rings across the snow as I throw the snowball at Cato and he laughs it off before declaring that "It's on, Katniss," and turning away to pack the soft snow with his bare hands. When Effie announces that we need to get going "at this very moment" we are both cold, wet and smiling. I don't think that I've had so much fun since…forever, it seems. There is snow in his blonde hair and some on his nose, and I brush it off. But only when he presses his cold lips to my warm ones and I feel ice-cold water in between them do I realize that his lips are coated with snow too. "You missed a spot, Fire Girl." He smirks, holding me close to him and walking me up the steps back onto the train. And when I scowl at the old nickname, he simply grins, and I think that smile could light up all of District 12 …I don't even remember why I ever had those doubts when I first saw him. … "They all secretly hate me," Cato mutters. "And yet they are forced to clap and cheer." I stay quiet as we pull out from the District 1 train station. I can't disagree, in 11 they didn't even try to pretend, the dark-skinned farmers stood silent at the end of our small speeches. There was a family with several young girls that reminded me so much of Rue, with their large dark eyes and almost weightless appearance, that I wanted to reach out and apologize for their loss. Of course I didn't…after all, it was my arrow that brought down their sister. In 3, the people's dislike of Cato was so great that I could almost hear their sneers although they clapped and cheered. And just now, in 1, there was much clapping as we paraded through the shining streets, but I saw a family- clearly Marvel's - standing to the side, frowning. I do not know which family was Glimmer's, among the jeweled crowd in their sparkling clothing. "I know what it feels like." I glance at him and his eyes are closed, yet there is such a serious expression frozen on his face. "To have to act like you feel something you don't." "What do you mean?" I ask. I know that Cato is good at lying, and that he can hide things extremely well, but acting? He doesn't answer me but just continues. "You don't even know how good I am at it." We are both quiet and staring outside at the passing trees. It'll be almost a day before we arrive in District 12, even with two new victors the Capitol insists on following tradition, our districts will be visited last. 12, and then 2, and then the final celebration in the Capitol. Venia and Octavia were telling me about how dull things were over there while ripping the hair off my body. My legs still sting although that was more than a day ago. "I have to go, Enobaria's calling me. I'll see you later, ok?" I can't hear Enobaria's voice at all, but Cato gets up, glances at me with those piercing eyes for a moment, and then opens the decorated glass door and leaves. I decide to go find Cinna or Haymitch, or maybe even Effie. They're all somewhere on our half of the train. This compartment where Cato and I were is the middle of the train, and the sections are evenly divided between the two victors' prep team, mentors, and escorts. I pass into the next compartment, where Octavia, Flavius, and Venia are sitting around a circular table, where there are flickering holograms of people being cast into the air by some type of device. "What are you doing?" I inquire, truly curious. The images are changing quickly, steadying into a nearly solid screen in front of my prep teams' wide eyes. "We're looking through the attendance for the Snow Ball. It's tonight, you know." Octavia says, eagerly pressing a button on her device. "Only the most important people are invited." The Snow Ball…it's the most prestigious and anticipated event in the Capitol other than the annual Hunger Games. The last one was five years ago, it was televised in full and was required viewing across Panem. It always happened during a Victory Tour, and I think that President Snow and various Capitol citizens comment on that year's Games. I don't remember much from that year other than the fact that it was huge and incredibly fancy. Perhaps even grander than the party that will be thrown for the victors in a few days. "We all must watch. Oh, it'll be so so fun!" Venia laughs delightedly. "Everybody's going to watch it together. Even Yevon and Cato's prep team." "Yes, Effie will make sure of that," Flavius says. "Anybody special that was invited?" They seem so excited that I only think it right to show at least some excitement, as fake as it might be. I don't have anything to do anyways since Cato sort of just abandoned me. "Finnick Odair. Esmerelda Teshid. Some others, and I think that Taye Helistin is going too. Oh, and Rosalie Darling too," Octavia says, not taking her eyes from her screen. "I thought that Taye was from the Districts," I mutter. He looked far too plain to be one of those freakishly dressed Capital citizens. Not plain in looks, just plainly dressed. "No, he's President Snow's nephew. He is so handsome yet he has such a bland sense of fashion. I think that he should get some tattoos and oh, he would look dashing with some nice long eyelashes." Venia smiles at the thought and I feel the urge to run out the door. My prep team can be so oblivious to how strange I think they are, with their freakish ideas. At the same time I am surprised, I didn't know that the president had any siblings, let alone nephews or nieces. "Where's Haymitch?" "He said that he was going to go enjoy a drink with Enobaria." I wrinkle my nose at their answer. Knowing Haymitch, it'll be far more than one drink. I wonder if Enobaria was really calling Cato. "I'll see you later tonight then." I go off and look for Cinna and Effie. I don't want to put up with two drunk individuals who have both killed more than a few people before. I don't find Effie anywhere but Cinna is in his section of the train, where he designs my outfits for the tour. Right now there's this beautiful blue dress hanging from the rack in front of him. "Wow," I say, and he turns and smiles. "What's wrong?" he asks without my having to say anything. I sigh, Cinna always understands me. I tell him about how Cato's been acting strangely and what he said earlier. He listens patiently and has a knowing look on his face. "Katniss, you have to understand that it's not easy being him. He hated you in the beginning of the Games and somehow you two ended up as lovers. I bet that he's just confused." "But the thing is…he's not ," I frown. "It's like he's going back to being cold and mysterious. I don't know why." "I don't know either, but don't worry about it," Cinna says. It's gotten dark, and when I look at the clock it reads nine o'clock. I've been in here for over an hour. Time always passes so quickly when I'm talking with Cinna. "It's time for us to watch the ball. Effie'll have a fit if we don't show up on time," he ties a knot in the fabric and together we make our way to that middle compartment. Effie seems to have succeeded, because everyone is there, including a drunken pair of mentors. Cato is trying to make Enobaria drink some kind of concoction. The chandeliers above-head are dimmed and the huge, huge flat screen television mounted on the wall opposite to the couches and seats is ready. "What do I always tell you about being late? It starts broadcasting in a few minutes!" Effie chides as we sit down. I take the free spot in between Octavia and Haymitch, and when Octavia pushes me towards Cato, Haymitch gruffly tells me to sit back down. "Sweetheart, don't go near him. I've thought this over and I think that this whole cross-district romance is ridiculous," he says, glaring at Cato and Enobaria with blood-shot eyes. "Likewise," the District 2 mentor snaps. "Let's end this damn thing right now." Everyone is suddenly tense and Effie is hurriedly trying to break the tension by chattering on about how the broadcast will be live in under five minutes and