A/N This is set sometime after the Cullen's have left but after Bella has found out about the pack however in a different manner to cannon. This is mine, anything you recognise is not. This is unbetaed so forgive me Cold She was cold The cold penetrated down to her bones. She had lost the feeling in her toes long ago. Her fingers were stiff inside her pockets. Her breath iced over as she breathed out into the dark and still night. She hated being cold. The last few months she had felt like she couldn't shake the cold. It had permeated every cell in her body. It refused to leave her no matter what she tried. She had tried to get better, she had tried so hard, tried to start living again. It had happened in part, she started to live, started to engage in school, began to spend time with her Dad again. As much as she tried though she couldn't do it completely, the cold was too much. No matter what she did it just wasn't enough. It didn't bother her therefore to walk down a freezing cold street in the darkness. If everything was cold she didn't notice it as much. That is what she told herself anyway, it wasn't true though, she would always feel it. She knew she always would. She knew that no matter what happened she would spend the rest of her life with this cold. It was unstoppable, unfixable; there was nothing to be done. So she walked. Charlie was spending a few days in Seattle, on a big case or something. The house was empty, her school work done, laundry done, everything in its proper place. She had thought about calling Angela. She had wimped out though, telling herself she would do it tomorrow. She wanted so badly to be able to call on Angela, to invite her and others over, to veg out watching American Idol and eat pizza. But something stopped her. The cold, the cold stopped her. She kept walking. She was over halfway to La Push now. She wasn't planning her route. She just walked and walked. The cold had even imbedded itself into her brain. She had tried to make plans. Sat down and picked out Universities. Renée had suggested Florida, told her that she had done her time in Washington, to come back, but she couldn't. Maybe it was guilt. She had spent most of her time here wrapped up in the Cullen's. She hadn't been the best daughter. Staying in Charlie's part of the world would mean that she could try and make that up. He hadn't asked where she was thinking of applying but had smiled and kissed the top of her head when she showed him the list. She was staying in the cold. That felt right somehow. It felt right. The wind battering against her skin intensified, she was nearing the coast. It stung her face. The stinging had its usages though; it had given her skin some of its life back. She had begun to put some weight back on, her face had lost its gaunt look and her clothes had begun to fit better again. The cold still left its mark though, the colour had not returned properly to her face. It wouldn't, no matter what she tried. The air smelt better down here, less polluted, less manufactured, less stale. The ocean refreshed it constantly, giving it new life with every crashing wave. She wandered down towards the sand, the wind battering against her. She paused to kick off her shoes, pulling off her socks and stuffing them into the abandoned shoes. She already couldn't feel her toes, what did it matter if she walked on the freezing cold sand. She left her shoes and walked further into the wind, towards the water. The cold wind stung her eyes. The battering against her forced her to be more aware of everything. She had spent so long not being aware of what was happening around her, ignoring the shifts of life. The wind forced the world at her, forced her to be aware of it, forced her to realise that life went on around her. She wanted to feel that. She needed to be battered by that, she needed to know that the world was living. The sea lived; it didn't stop for anything or anyone. She liked that. She liked how uncompromising it was, how unapologetic. The cold remained though, it always remained. The sea was warm only when the land was cool, they operated on different plains. Only ever meeting to fight it out against the coast. They didn't fit together but yet they needed each other. What was the ocean without the land? Their existence was dependent on the other. She enjoyed the battle. It was real; it reminded her that those things mattered. She watched the sea, enjoying the cold water against her feet. It stung her skin, the temperature difference shocked her. She walked along the beach, staying in the shallow waters. Her feet, slowly adjusting to the tickling water. She breathed deeply. The cold air spreading down into her lungs, the salt seeping into her nostrils. She wondered what it would feel like to be in a sauna, if the air would still feel cold when she breathed. She had taken to having scolding hot showers. They made her skin red, caused her face to sting when she washed it. She had given up on the hot water being able to warm her though. That wasn't happening; she kept the hot water though. It was a human act she now relished, every time a small part of her hoped that today would be the day that it did warm her, that it did take away the cold. She kept walking. The beach went on and on. She thought for a moment that she could just keep walking; eventually she wouldn't be able to go any further. She wondered how far she could get. She let the thought settle in her cold mind before shaking at away. She would have to turn back at some point. She went to her pocket for her phone, before remembering she had left it charging on the kitchen side. The moon was a sliver in the sky, shielded by the clouds. She wondered if the clouds felt like a warm blanket. If the sky appreciated its ever constant blanket. That blanket though made it impossible for her to read the time off her watch. She wasn't sure why she bothered. If Charlie had been home that would have been different but there was no one waiting for her. Maybe she should get a dog? She was sure that Charlie would agree. Perhaps the dog would keep her warm. Give her affection. She wanted that, she wanted a hug. It wasn't that Charlie didn't offer affection, the affectionate head kisses, the quick hugs but they weren't deep. He cared, he loved her, she never doubted that, not for a second. That was obvious. That didn't take away her desire for human contact though. She wondered if that would take away the cold. She shivered. She stopped walking. She looked down at her feet. They were encompassed in the darkness but they were probably blue she mused. She was still staring at her feet, wondering if the moonlight would hit them and she would see the paper thin skin tinged blue. She wiggled her toes in the cold sand, burying them deeper into the sand, loving the squelch as it crept over her toes. "You will catch your cold" the deep voice shocked her, but she couldn't seem to take her eyes off her feet as they sunk further into the sand. "Can't catch what you already have" her reply came calmly as she turned her head slowly away from her feet towards the dark, ominous male shaped body standing a little way from her on the beach. "True, hypothermia then" He misunderstood her, the body moved closer towards her, so he towered over her. "I'll be fine" She replied, looking up at him. She tried to work out who it was. It was too dark to see distinguishable features. She knew it wasn't Jacob, it didn't sound like Quil or Embry either, it had to be another wolf. The body was too big to not be. "I don't doubt it" the body eventually told her softly, "still, you probably should be getting inside." She shrugged, then realised after that he probably couldn't see the shrug. She breathed in deeply, turning her head towards the sea for a final time. The wind had not let up, it still battered against her, still whipped the ocean into a frenzy against the land. She turned then and began to retrace her steps, still walking through the shallow water. She supposed that it didn't matter about her feet now. It was when she was nearly at the point where she had walked down towards the ocean that she realised that the towering body had followed her. She wished the cold would go away, maybe she would be more aware then, aware of her surroundings, aware that a large man was following her. Logically she should have been scared; her self-preservation button should have been pressed. Maybe he had been right, maybe she didn't have one. Maybe though, she thought, she did have one but this towering body simply wasn't a threat. Maybe she trusted her gut in knowing he wasn't going to attack her. "Are you following me?" She asked as she reached her shoes. Her feet were too sandy to bother to put them on so she picked them up as she carried on walking to the edge of the sand. "Yes" the towering body replied. She could hear the smirk in his response. She shrugged again, before realising once more that he couldn't see her. They didn't talk until they walked off the sand. The hard and cold ground stung her feet, it shot up her legs. She almost wanted to jump up and down. So cold it almost burnt. Bizarrely that was nice; it felt good to feel a changing temperature. To feel something of the resemblance of heat. "I'm parked over here" the towering voice informed her. She looked up at him, still clouded by the darkness, "That is nice for you" It felt nice to be sarcastic, felt like she was engaging with something. She got the feeling that he was sending her a withering look, but she was guessing. "Very funny, come on, I'll even put the heat on" he eventually told her. "Huh?" she was aware that the lack of movement was causing her feet to feel colder, that her already cold body was feeling stiff, her blood felt cold, like it was solidifying. "Don't be stupid Bella" the towering voice told her as he began to walk in the direction she assumed his car was. She still remained still; she half thought that she couldn't move, that her muscles may have frozen. It wasn't until she saw the car illuminated by the inside light that she found herself able to walk towards the car. The cold ground still sent shocks up her legs as she walked but this time she wasn't as conscious of it. It wasn't until she was sat in the passenger seat that she properly looked at the towering body who seemed to take up most of the car. He was studying her with a light smile that didn't quite meet his eyes. It was Paul, she remembered Jacob telling her that he was the most volatile, the one that kept the wolf the closest to the surface, but he didn't seem that way sat in the car. He seemed big and large and dominating but not scary. Meeting his eyes, she smiled gently in thanks. "Sorry, I'm getting sand in your