Author's Note: This is an AU fiction, and I make no profit from it, as I own nothing but the mistakes and inconsistencies. I am not 100% happy with the title, and it may change in the future. Part I Elrohir Elrondion moved silently down the hall, violin and bow in hand. Coming to the music room, he opened the door and was met by the instructor, Erestor. 'Welcome, my Lord Elrohir. Take your place.' Erestor said as he bowed his head. Elrohir glared jokingly at him. Everyone knew how the sons of Elrond hated to be called 'Master' or 'Lord.' Erestor and Glorfindel, their chief tutors, did it continually to tease them. Several Elves were already in the room, tuning their instruments or flipping through their music scores. Elrohir took his place between two of his friends, Farathír and Brengil. They too, had violins. To any Elf who just stuck his head into the room out of curiosity, the noise would be dreadful: dozens of different instruments all wailing together on different notes, some horribly out of tune. To the players though, and to Erestor, it was nothing out of the ordinary. Everyone was used to it. Elrohir noticed that Farathír and Brengil were strangely quiet today. 'What is wrong?' he asked them at length. 'You look as though you expect to meet a Balrog coming around a corner at any moment.' Farathír looked at Elrohir wryly. 'It is our sister again, melon nin. She has taken a turn for the worse. This time she is finding it more difficult to breathe, and it is making our family go distracted. ' 'So I had noticed,' Elrohir said, still looking carefully at the two brothers. 'There is something else worrying you, though, I think.' He paused, but they offered no comment, other than a stealthy glance between each other. 'Well, I cannot very well force it out of either of you.' He went back to tuning his violin. Five minutes later, the instruments were all in tune, and they were ready to start their practice. Erestor walked to the center of the room, his eyes slowly roving over his students, taking in every one of them. He, too, noticed how Farathír and Brengil would not hold his gaze, but decided to say nothing. For the first half hour of the practice, Elrohir concentrated on his playing. However, in the second half of it, he noticed a strange feeling of foreboding gradually getting stronger and stronger. He felt for his bond with Elladan and found that his twin was fine, and that Elladan sensed nothing. 'Elrohir!' Elrohir jumped at the sound of his name being barked out. He glanced at Erestor, who was bestowing his best glare on him. 'Pay attention, Elrondion!' Elrohir bowed his head slightly in apology. 'Yes, Erestor. Forgive me.' Erestor nodded curtly and signaled for the music to commence again. Elrohir managed to keep his mind on what he was doing for the most part instead of thinking about the feeling he had. Before he knew it, the orchestra had come to a difficult run in the piece they were playing. Jerking his mind back to complete alertness, he just managed to do the whole phrase without messing up. Inwardly, he sighed in relief. He had gone through much trouble – at his family's expense, who were put through the torture of hearing the same part over and over again – to get it perfect, for, along with difficult finger-work, there was a major crescendo to master. A moment later, he was cringing as he missed a note. He glanced up to see Erestor arch an eyebrow at him, reminding Elrohir of his father. Much to his relief, Erestor glanced away a moment later when one of the cellos made the same unfortunate mistake Elrohir just had. Suddenly Elrohir felt a stab of pain in his right arm, which was holding the bow. With a low cry, he stopped playing, dropping the bow. 'Now what is it, Elrohir? Are you ill?' Erestor's voice was worried with a slight tinge of annoyance in it as the other instruments came to a stand-still. Elrohir's face was deadly pale, his dark eyes wide. He was grasping his upper-arm with his left hand and leaning heavily on Brengil. 'I...I... my arm. I must go. I must find Adar!' Elrohir now knew what the feeling of foreboding had meant. Dropping his violin which landed with a crash that made Erestor cringe, Elrohir made his way between the other musicians and past Erestor. His gait was slow and unsteady; he looked as though he were about to collapse. Erestor glanced at Lindir. 'Go with him, then come back here when he has reached his father.' Lindir nodded and carefully placed his flute on the music-rack. He took Elrohir's arm and guided him out of the room. Farathír bent down and picked up the violin and bow from where they lay beside him. 'Give them to me; I will take care of it,' Erestor said, taking the instrument. After setting the violin and bow down on a shelf near him, he turned back to the orchestra. 'We will begin at– ,' he looked down at his score. '– at bar eighty-six, once Lindir returns.' After a couple moments, Lindir re-entered to the room. The lesson went smoothly from there on. Lindir and Elrohir made their way towards Elrond's study, where they knew the Elf-lord would be at the time. After seeing that Elrohir was safely at the study, Lindir turned back towards the music room. Elrohir knocked and leaned against the wall, closing his eyes and breathing deeply, trying to regain his composure. At the sound of his father's voice bidding him to enter, Elrohir straightened and slipped into the room, shutting the door behind him gently. 'Elrohir? I thought you would be practicing with Erestor right now.' Elrond put down the quill he was holding and put the document he was writing aside to dry. He gestured towards a chair on the other side of the desk. 'I was, Adar.' Elrohir took the seat gratefully, for his legs felt as though they wouldn't hold for much longer. 'I was in the middle of the Overture when it felt as though I was stabbed in my right arm. I dropped my violin on the floor. Erestor is going to have something to say to me when he next sees me, I expect.' Elrohir looked forlornly at the floor. 'Adar, something is wrong! Elladan is fine, you are fine, and Naneth is in Lórien with Grandmother and Grandfather.' Elrond folded his hands in front of his face and rested his chin on them. He regarded his younger son with an unreadable expression on his face. 'You do not look well, Elrohir. Here.' He pushed a goblet of miruvor towards Elrohir, who just stared at it unseeingly. 'Drink it,' he commanded firmly. With a sigh, Elrohir reached forward and took the crystal goblet. 'It was most likely just an after-affect of your broken arm. You know you still feel it if you work your arm too much.' 'Holding a violin bow does not stress it enough to make it hurt so much, Adar, and you know that!' Elrohir drew his brows together in a very faithful imitation of his sire. 'And yet there is no better explanation. Come here and let me see your arm.' Elrond scooted his chair to one side to make room for Elrohir. Elrohir made his way to his father's side. Elrond rolled up his son's sleeve and inspected where the arm had been badly broken some weeks ago after being kicked by a rearing horse. 'It is red, but nothing else. Does it still pain you?' As he spoke, he gently squeezed the arm, feeling along the bone, which had seemingly knitted together again well. 'It just aches, but not like it usually does.' 'Usually?' Elrond raised an eyebrow at that. 'Does it bother you often?' 'Nooo,' drawled Elrohir. 'Not often. I have just felt it more than usual recently. And not in the same way. Not even in the same place. Usually I feel it here.' He pointed to just above his elbow. 'But now it is closer to my shoulder.' Elrond grunted slightly. 'I think you should be careful for the next few weeks until we can make sure that it is completely healed. It was a bad break, remember.' Elrohir was adamant, though. 'I do not think the broken arm caused the pain today. It was not like anything I have experienced for a long time. The last time I felt something remotely alike was when Elladan was tortured after he was kidnapped so many years ago.' At this, Elrond frowned deeply. 'If it shall be of comfort to you, I shall send a messenger to Lórien immediately, making sure everything is as it should be.' Elrohir nodded gratefully as he righted his sleeve. Elrond leaned forward and kissed his son's forehead. 'Go and rest for a while now. You truly do look unwell.' Elrohir stood up and turned to leave. 'And Elrohir?' He turned around. 'Yes?' 'There is no need to worry, I am sure.' Elrohir ducked his head again and left the study as Elrond took the now-dry piece of paper and read over it. True to his word, Elrond sent out a messenger to the Golden Wood to ask after the Lady Celebrian. Even with the fastest runner, though, it would take about a week to get to the edge of the Wood realm of Galadriel and Celeborn. Elrohir had little to say for the next few days and, to Elladan and Elrond's worry, he did not regain his full colour and was often found sitting in the library or on the balcony of his rooms dreaming. He did not eat as much as usual, and was getting thinner than Elladan and Elrond liked. Several times Elladan tried to get him to tell him what was worrying him so much, but Elrohir stayed silent. His brother had not felt the disturbance around him, and suspected nothing. Throughout the week, Elrohir felt the pain come, sometimes sharper than the first time, sometimes just a dull ache, many times. As it happened more frequently and as it got more severe, his father grew concerned and felt for his bond with his wife. He could not find it. Finally after what seemed an age, the runner arrived back in Imladris. The news he brought to Elrond and his sons was not promising: their wife and mother had not arrived in Lothlórien. However, as the runner had passed over the Redhorn Pass, he had found signs of a battle and the snow was covered in blood: blood of both Elves and Orcs. Besides that, the messenger said, they had found the cloak Celebrian had been wearing when she set out for her parents' realm. Elrond had paled visibly at this news, and had said nothing to anyone for a long while. Elladan and Elrohir had opted to go out and search for their mother at once, but Elrond had forbidden it. 'You shall not leave; at any rate, not Elrohir.' Elrond held up a hand to still Elrohir's protest. 'Look at yourself in the mirror, Elrohir. Then you will understand why I cannot allow you to go.' 'Then may I not go instead?' Elladan's voice was fearful and distressed; his black eyes were snapping like the fire on the hearth. 'I do not know,' Elrond sighed. 'I feel that it is not safe for you to leave the boundaries of the land, and yet something is wrong with Celebrian. I have sent Glorfindel and two score warriors to search, and they shall return only when they have found your Naneth.' Ignoring the twin scowls that were directed his way, he stood and went to the window. Leaning against the wall and looking far out towards the forest, he massaged