000 Against My Nature Newt/Harry, Timetravel Shenanigans, Canon Divergent His plan was to avoid changing the timeline. He knew he wouldn't be able to resist if the opportunity presented itself. So he fled to Africa, where opportunity found him instead. 000 Chapter One Head trauma was the worst. Huddled under a rock in the middle of buttfuck nowhere in the African wilds, Harry Potter was thoroughly miserable, and not a little upset with his current lot in life. With one hand up over his face, sleeve shielding his eyes from the harsh glare of the sun, he couldn't even find the energy to shiver as multiple cool scaly forms slithered atop, and inside his clothes in search of body heat. Because of course the rock he crawled under just so happened to be filled with snakes. Of course. Talkative snakes who wouldn't shut up and let a guy suffer in peace and silence until his brain felt less like soup attempting to dribble itself free from every facial orifice he may or may not possess – and a few he was fairly certain he shouldn't have had that morning. He didn't even know what happened, that was why he really hated head trauma. The lost hours. Or in his case, the lost day and a bit. Despite the nice medi-witch that had seen to him when he first stumbled into Diagon Alley earlier that day, he still had a lump the size of an occamy egg on the side of his skull, and a melon sized bruise surrounding it. No broken skin anymore, and thankfully he still had both of his wands, and his auror equipment, but there was a distinct smell of time-dust and that weird reek he'd only encountered in the Department of Mysteries in the sandy creases of his robes that made his stomach turn with ' please no '. He'd landed in the middle of Diagon Alley, on a chilly spring morning, blood down his face, much to the shock of onlookers who immediately rushed to his aid upon recognising his uniform for what it was. He quickly found himself ushered onto a chair outside a cafe, people calling for a healer, and a cup of tea being pushed into his hands a moment before a plump witch with a brisk manner was in front of him. With his skull fractured in several places, she had been quick to pull her wand and get to work on him. Skull fractures, broken nose, she had commented on how he was a handsome young man as she reduced the swelling and syphoned off the blood. That had been when he noticed the newspaper on the table beside him. Daily Prophet, April 11th 1925 . Articles about Grindelwald. Even with his brain having all the processing power of a flobberworm in a hamster ball at that exact moment, he knew he shouldn't be there. He knew he shouldn't be there. Couldn't be there. Had to leave because it was 1925. It was almost a decade before the second world war was due to really kick off, and he could not be there . He remembered staggering away from the table, garbling something about the date being wrong, that oh god, what happened, the date was wrong, it had to be – and then before the well meaning witches and wizards that had helped him to his seat could do much more than reach out, he fled. Apparating as far and as hard as he could. He hit dirt, and the sun was like icepicks through his brain when he looked up. The world swam, and he crawled, dry heaving all the way, into the shady hollow he now called his own, ignoring the startled and terrified hissing of the occupants until one threatened to bite him. That he was once again speaking Parseltongue did not even register to him as he sluggishly assured the serpents he just wanted to hide in their shade, that he would gladly let them use his body heat and avoid the birds overhead if only he could stay for a while. They let him, and now he had to deal with cool slithering forms managing to wriggle their way into his robes, up his shirt sleeves, or down his collar. " Ss Bite me and I'll kill everyone, sS " he warned just the once before allowing himself to fall into a painful sleep. 000 Of all the Aurors in his graduating class, Harry was perhaps the only one that took to learning as many languages as possible. He knew the most out of everyone in the entire department for that matter, and when questioned as to why, would only cite that his luck being what it was, he had better learn before he had need of it. He could only be thankful for his rare moment of clarity and the years of dedication he spent on linguistics when he awoke to a language that, while he wasn't fluent in it, was at least passably familiar with. " I'm alive, " he managed to croak out in what he hoped was passable Afrikaans. " You are in a nest of vipers, white man. How is this so? " a male voice demanded incredulously, accompanied by the hissing and spitting of several of Harry's bunkmates telling his visitor to go away. Harry rasped a chuckle, " Bribery. It isn't so hard when you know how. " He slowly extracted himself from the hollow. He didn't feel anywhere near so awful anymore, the nap had done him a lot of good, but he was still a little woosy, so he took it slow and careful so as not to step on any of his hosts and earn a bite. He cringed from the bright sunlight overhead in pain, and then began the arduous process of removing serpents from his clothing. " I don't suppose you could tell me where I am, could you? " he asked as he untucked his shirt and removed three bush vipers from his waist. The men he was speaking to exchanged looks. Definitely magical, Harry could tell, but he couldn't identify their tribe off the top of his head. There were many magical african tribes, but sadly many of them had modernised or phased out by either force or necessity. They were both very tall, a depressingly common occurrence for Harry who had never quite managed to hit any manner of height past 5'3" thanks to his stunted growth (cheers Aunt Petunia), they wore traditional garb, brightly coloured beads of semi-precious stones and glass, and not a lot else. Harry was a little jealous. He had been out of the shade for all of three minutes and was already beginning to sweat like a pig thanks to his heavy auror robe. The one with the most elaborately decorated skirt said something that he honestly couldn't begin to understand, he assumed it was the local name of a place, and nodded as if he knew where that was – even as he undid his trousers to rummage another viper out from his crotch. The looks on the men's faces was quite comical as Harry nonchalantly tossed the serpent back under its rock. The snake said some mightily unflattering things as it slithered away, to which Harry hissed some equally insulting things back. The nest burst into a raucous of jeering and laughter at that, which only sounded a lot like hissing and spitting to his audience as the snakes began to writhe in agitation. " You speak the tongue of serpents? " the guy with the fancy skirt demanded in shock. Harry nodded warily, curling his wrist carefully just in case he would have to pull his wand. The two tribesmen looked at each other before Fancy Skirt took a single step forward, " Would you help us, white man? " Help them? " I'd need to know what the problem is before I can say, " Harry admitted, a little bewildered. Fancy Skirt nodded solemnly, " The village is this way, " he announced, " The headman will explain. Come, " he begged earnestly, and without any reason to actually say no, Harry shrugged and trailed after him and his companion. The village was several hours away, and Harry ended up stuffing his heavy robe into his pocket before long (he had to remove another three serpents from his pockets, and a fourth little cheeky bastard from his sock), and he was fairly sure he was going to get sunburn on the top of his head, but he was in fairly high spirits by the time they reached the collection of traditional mud and stick huts with their very cool thatch roofs. A few of the people gave him odd looks, Fancy Skirt stared at him challengingly as they passed a group of women with their children. Harry just tilted his head quizzically, wondering what he'd done wrong, but Fancy Skirt's expression faltered for a moment before he nodded, almost in approval, and gestured at him to hurry up. Harry glanced to his companion, Lots of Necklaces, who just stared at him with an expression that the Gryffindor couldn't even begin to identify. Shrugging, Harry followed after them to an area where a group of men and women were repairing what looked to be very fine river nets for fishing. An older man with iron grey curls, and scars climbed to his feet and approached them. Fancy Skirt did... something, Harry couldn't quite see it from the angle he was at, but it must have been some kind of warrior greeting or something. " My son tells me you are a Serpent Speaker, white man, " the headman announced slowly, with great seriousness, his son translating for him as he spoke a very different language to Afrikaans. Must be their tribal dialect maybe? Harry nodded, " He's not wrong. My name is Harry. He mentioned you folks needed some help, what's up? " he asked glancing around. Just because they looked like they were living in relative peace did not make it so. And if they were interested in his Parselmouth talents, then it was likely their problems were decidedly more bestial in nature. The headman gestured for him to walk with them, and began to lead them away from the other members of the tribe, his son translating for Harry to understand. " Three nights ago, a great serpent moved into our tribe's sacred lands. It attacks all who make it through the caves, and consumes them whole. We have already lost three young warriors, and an expectant mother. The sacred land is where every member of our tribe has been born, it is protection and blessings to the child to be born within the cradle of life, " the headman explained as they came to the top of a steer incline that swooped down across miles and miles of plains and grasslands, it was a fantastic view that went on for many miles, a distant carpet of trees, a river that lead to a wide lake basin, and a long ridge of jagged rocks that jutted out from the earth as if piercing the flesh of the planet. Dark and foreboding, he could see the distant specks of life springing from rock to rock upon the distant cliff-face, the wheeling of birds, the grasslands and forest at the foot of the mountain teaming with life. It was not as desolate as one would assume at first glance. Harry hummed, " Has anyone gotten a good look at it yet? " " I have, " Fancy Skirt announced before his father could speak, taking a step forward. " It is a red viper, much like the ones wrapped around you earlier, but larger. The size of a water-buffalo with the temper of a hippo. If you survive the nest of bees that guard the only entry into the mountain, then