I thought I knew what I was doing when I drove down the road to La Push beach. He was here, I could feel him. I was having trouble breathing as I shifted into park. I just wanted him to accept me, I needed it...All of the pain that I had been trying to keep down came to the surface, and my vision was tinted around the edges with black. I heard my name just before I let the darkness take me. I groaned as I rolled over to hit my alarm clock that was blaring. I suppose it was time for me to get up and go to school. I quickly got ready, showered, dressed, brushed my teeth. I took the stair two at a time as I rushed to the front door. "Be careful," my father called from the living room. "Thanks dad." I grabbed my backpack and jumped into my 1996 Jeep. The green paint was fading or peeling off of the front, but I didn't feel the need to repaint it. It was my Jeep, and I loved it the way it was. I had grown up in Washington, but I had only moved to Forks over the summer. The council members in La Push wanted us to move onto the reservation because that is where my mother was from, but my father couldn't handle it, he could barely handle moving here, but this is where his boss sent him. I don't know what my dad's job is exactly…He does some type of undercover work so I can't know the details. I sighed as I pulled into the lot of Forks High School. What am I doing here? I found a spot quickly and walked past everyone looking straight ahead. I made my way to the office for my schedule and headed to my first class. Math will always be boring to me, at least at these lower levels. Note: Request placement test for higher level math. My classmates laughed and groaned their way through the class, and we moved. Each class was the standard first day back and I was fine so far apart from math, but I had yet to go to my biology class. At lunch I wandered through the cafeteria and noticed a table that no one seemed to want to sit at, of course I chose there. I opened my backpack to find the lunch my father packed me as I heard a collective gasp come from the room. A girl who looked to be about my age, maybe older sat down next to me. I looked up to see her long brunette hair flip over her shoulder and her eyes bore into me, "Hi" She smiled at me and put her hand out, "I am Renesmee." She was pretty, and many eyes stared at us. I gave my best smile back, "Ethan. Did I take your table?" She shakes her head, "Not really. This is where my family used to sit when they attended this school. And I don't really like some of the looks I get so I decided to make it a tradition." I nodded at her and took a bite of my sandwich, "So it's ok if I sit here?" She pulled a muffin out of her bag, "I think I might like the company. I get pretty lonely here. I'm not used to it." She took a bite out of her muffin, "So you're new here. What brings you to the small town of Forks? I can't imagine it's the beautiful weather." I shrugged, "Actually, I prefer this weather. The rain, the clouds, the snow. And it makes the sunny days all the more beautiful. My dad's job made us move. Not that I mind. It's good to know new people." I finished my lunch and looked down at my russet colored arms; I understood some of the whispers that had followed me through my classes, that I looked like I belonged to the reservation. I had all the trademarks in a slightly lesser way, except my eyes were bright green. "I wonder…Do you have biology after this?" I looked up at her question, "Yeah though, I might need to switch to a higher level. I took a lot of these classes already and I just get bored to tears if I have to repeat them." She grins, "I completely understand. I might have the same problem." We both laughed and talked about basic school things for a while longer before heading to Biology. I was taller than Renesmee, slender and my hair was almost the same shade as hers. All eyes were on us which confused me greatly. Why do they stare? It is a small town I suppose. We sat together, earning us even more looks, but suddenly I felt a wave of calm come over me and it helped to settle me down. The class was just as boring as I expected, and after looking over the plan for the semester, I knew I couldn't sit through the class for long. Renesmee smiled, "Switching?" I nodded, "Renesmee, I hope we can switch today because I just can't listen to the questions that will go unanswered. I tutored for this level at my old school. This is ridiculous." She laughed and it sounded like bells, "You can call me Nessie. I think we will be good friends. I'll see you after school in the office to switch classes." She walked off and I finished the rest of the day, still listening to the whispers of how I belong to the reservation, and now adding, "Why would she hang out with the newbie? She doesn't hang out with anyone…" All I could do was smile, pretending I didn't hear, because I didn't have the answers. And I didn't feel like explaining my story of why I was here. In the office, after a few minutes of explanation, and showing the secretary my old school records, they bumped me into advanced courses of both math and science. Unfortunately my classes were now with seniors which meant that the looks I was getting, would probably get worse. I sighed and Nessie walked up, "Hey Ethan. We'll be in the science class together at least." He smiled, "Yeah. How do you think the seniors will take to having a sophomore in their class?" She grinned, "I'm sure they'll get over it." I pulled out my phone, "I'm not being weird, but I would like to give you my number. As you are the only one who does not seem to think my presence here is too odd. Call me or text me if you want." "You're silly. But I'll take it. And I'll send you a text so you have mine. There will be a party or whatever in a few weeks I think. If we are still getting along then, I will let you know the details." She waved and I headed back to my Jeep. The car roared as it came to life and I went home. I unlocked the house and started unpacking boxes that my father hadn't gotten around to. Eventually I got around to cooking something. Luckily my father had done the grocery shopping and remembered to take the list that I had written out. I unpacked some of the plastic containers for leftovers because I would be eating alone tonight and I always made enough for four. I made steaks, broccoli, and mashed potatoes and gravy. I served my own helping onto a plate, and before I sat down, I packed away the other three helpings in the containers and tucked them into the fridge. I set some of the dishes to soak, and then I sat down with my food. Eating in silence. Same old same old. No matter where I went, I always was alone. I checked my phone and there was a message from Nessie. Hey. What are you doing next Friday? I smiled. I was glad for the distraction, my mind had just started to wander. I finished my food and started washing the dishes before I responded. I'll be free. What do you have in mind? I went up to my room and leaned back on my bed after changing into my pajama bottoms, I don't know why I was so tired, but I was out in a minute. My heart was pounding. My chest ached, and I couldn't move my hands. "Where am I?" A maniacal laugh rang through my ears. I couldn't see through the blindfold, but I recognized the voice. "No…" He just continued to laugh and laugh, and I could feel his hands move across my stomach and grab hold of my hips, flipping me over. I woke up with a jolt. Panting, I clutched my shirt, trying to catch my breath. I fell back into my pillows and looked at the clock. Four AM. No way I was going back to sleep. I checked my phone to see two new messages from Nessie. Just plan on me meeting you at your place. I'll need the address. I'm taking your silence as a yes. So send me the address, see you at school tomorrow. I sighed, I've never been one for surprises. I decided if I was going to be awake, I might as well do something with my time. I went downstairs and finished unpacking, dried and put the dishes away, and made a small breakfast, an omelet with spinach, ham and mushrooms. Mmm. I made a second one without the mushrooms after I ate and took it to the room my father claimed as his study. I knocked first, "Hey dad?" I could hear him on the phone with someone, but I couldn't understand what he was saying. He eventually responded to my knocking and I walked in with his breakfast, "Here you go. I knew you would be up." I set it down in front of him and set down the glace of orange juice and his silverware before giving him a brief hug and walking out. I decided, since it was now six AM, that it would be ok to respond to Nessie. Sure. I'll let you keep it a secret this time. But for future reference I'm not a big fan of surprises. :) I felt the smiley face was necessary because I didn't want to sound rude or anything. I sent her my address in the second message. Then I began my morning routine for getting ready for school. The new classes were already a challenge. Perfect. At least this way, I wouldn't be bored. Nessie and I started to get to know each other, and I was glad to have a friend. "So tell me about your family," I told her at lunch one day. She shifted in her seat, "Well I love my parents. Dad is a little over protective at times, but when I was younger, Aunt Rose was worse." She smiled, "My family loves me. Papa Carlisle and Mama Esme take such good care of everyone. Aunt Alice is a great party planner and Uncle Jas seems to be the only one who can calm her from one of her over excited planning sprees. Uncle Em teaches me to rough and tumble with the boys and Aunt Rose teaches me how to be a proper lady. All they want is for me to be happy. Even when we fight, it's hard to stay mad." She was practically glowing with love for them. It made me yearn for that feeling. "They sound great Ness," my voice giving away my moment of sadness. "Since we're sharing, my mom passed away when I was young, she died in a hunting accident. My father could never get her to leave her old ways behind, she was actually from La Push. My father was beside himself when it happened." Her hand touched mine and I could see the