a/n: Welcome to the first chapter of my story. This is my first time writing a fanfic and I hope that everyone is kind enough to give me either a review or a healthy dose of constructive criticism. As you may have guessed from the title my fanfic is based on The Lord of the Rings by J.R.R. Tolkien. I by no means claim to own any of the characters, places or even the general plot used in this fanfic apart from my main heroine, Auriel. I hope you all enjoy this story as much as I enjoy writing it and remember the more reviews you leave me the more motivation I have to get the following chapters out quicker ;P Chapter 1: An Unexpected Guest The air was still, as though waiting with bated breath for the first stirrings of life upon the valley. Mist gathered still within the trees and along the floor of the valley, covering everything in an icy shroud. Lines of men stood upon the lip of the valley, statues within the mist, staring at some unseen point on the horizon. My own eyes strained in the half-light of oncoming dawn, but the mist which enshrouded our own army was providing the same advantage of cover for our enemy. Suppressing an impatient sigh I turned my eyes to the east, looking towards the ever lightening sky. It would not be long now till the horns sounded and I would lead my men into battle. Though many others in my position would feel nervous at the proposition of entering their first battle with a full company of men in their charge, I could only feel a strange sense of anticipation as the men beside me shuffled with nervous energy of their own. The men of my company looked to me as light began to slip over the horizon and creep across the valley floor. I nodded to them in reassurance. It would not be long now, I thought to myself as my eyes searched the line of gathered men for the King and his entourage. He stood, regal in his polished armour and helm, at the very front of the army. It was he who was leading us all into the battle, the one who would be at the front of the first charge against the Dark Lord's horde. I fingered the string of my bow absently, a smile growing and twisting my mouth into a smirk. It was true the King and his many Lords would be the first to wet their blades with the blood of the enemy, but my fellow archers and I would surely claim the first kills. The piercing note of a long awaited horn broke my reverie; however it was not one of ours. My eyes sought desperately in the swirling mists below, catching glimpse of the dark armoured enemy. "Archers ready!" My voice seemed overly loud within the silence of the valley but still I could hear the answering creak of wood as my men followed my lead and drew back their bows. My eyes flicked to the side, waiting for the signal from my King. From the corner of my eye I saw his hand move, almost imperceptibly, and I raised my voice in my most blood curdling battle cry. "FIRE!" My fingers relaxed allowing the string to slip from my grasp with a satisfying twang . There was no need to aim, not that there was much to aim at in the mists besides a few shadowy forms, but still I heard the fulfilling sound of arrows hitting solid target sand the accompanying grunts of pain. I did not allow myself too much time for gloating, though, immediately calling my men into action once again. "Reload," I called, following my own advice. From within the mists I could hear the answering twang of strings being released and the air filled with the whistling of arrows flying through the air. "HOLD STEADY!" I ordered grimly as I felt the unseen missiles gather in the air above us and begin their raining decent. A few men suddenly fell with groans of pain and lay silent, struck down by our enemy most foul. I didn't allow myself time to take note of who we had lost. My voice rang clear and steady across the valley once again. "Ready!" The men again drew their bows and I waited for my liege. A horn blew, clear as crystal and twice as sweet, across the field. Our army suddenly burst into life, yelling wordless cries and banging their swords against their shields. The King raised his shield and yelled, lowering his sword towards the enemy in one swift stroke. "FIRE!" The word roared from my chest as I released my arrow into the mists below. The infantry had begun their charge as arrows flew overhead, clearing the first wave of men and ploughing into the oncoming enemy troops. I dropped my bow quickly and drew my sword, raising it to my men. "Free fire mode boys, its time to kill some orcs." I turned and charged into battle, smiling with unrestrained glee as the sun began her ascent into the sky. The mists began to disperse revealing our enemy, and allowing those who had already "died" to leave the battle to sit and watch on the sidelines. I ran to catch up with Isildur as he charged through the enemy troops on his way to fight Sauron; however my progress was hampered by a pair of orcs. I spun my padded sword with unnecessary flourish as I came to a halt before them, encouraging them to fight me with my free hand. "Hey, you're an archer aren't you?" One man asked in confusion, noticing the white band on my upper left arm. "Yeah, so?" I asked in bewilderment. "Well, don't the rules say that if we come within five meters of an archer that means they're automatically dead?" I sighed in frustration. "I'm a General and also a light swordsman," I said impatiently, "so the usual rules don't apply. Now did you want to fight or not?" The two men nodded and I readied myself, but still the men hesitated. "So do we both come at the same time or do you want to fight us one at a time?" I growled at them in annoyance, "I don't care! Just fight already." Finally they just both came at me together and it took me less than two minutes to have them both incapacitated. "Hold!" they both cried in unison as I stood over the top of them with my blade pointed threateningly towards their chests. I nodded and stood back allowing them to stand. I checked to make sure nothing more than their pride was injured. "It was a good fight for what I'm guessing was your first time," I said amicably. The two men nodded sheepishly, red flushing across their cheeks. "Next time though, when someone tells you they're a General its best not to try and fight them, especially if it's your first War." The men nodded and left the field allowing me to turn back to the fighting. But I was unprepared for the figure that appeared behind me. Standing over a foot taller than my own tiny four feet ten inches and carrying an enormous, double bladed axe, was the Dark Lord himself. I felt my heart leap in my chest as he turned to face me head on…and laughed. I scowled. "What's so funny?" "I just didn't expect to find such an amusing challenger so early in the morning," Sauron laughed mockingly. "I think you'll find me more than just amusing," I said haughtily, "Why don't you test just how amusing I can be?" "Alright then little girl," Sauron said menacingly as he lifted his axe effortlessly, "but I can't promise not to make you cry." I shrugged nonchalantly, "I guess I can't make the same promise either so we're even." Sauron laughed again. "Bring it on!" I smiled wolfishly and rushed forward quickly, swinging my sword high. Sauron lifted his axe almost lazily deflecting my blade with a single sweep. I allowed my blade to follow his sweep and changed my footing slightly to duck under the impending blow. My smaller size, however, allowed me to move with greater speed. I quickly rose swinging my sword upward in a back-hand slashing motion, making contact with Sauron's exposed right side. Sauron took a step back and looked at me with surprised eyes. I watched cautiously as his eyes narrowed, recalculating the threat I posed. "Hit!" he called to the heralds watching our match. I had no time to smile, though, as Sauron's next attacks came swift and strong. I ducked and dodged the great sweeps he made with his axe, parrying the last of them with effort as the blow almost sent the sword spinning from my hand. I had to take care not to allow myself to be hit because even though the weapons weren't real, only made of rubber and foam, they would still bloody hurt if I got hit by a blow as strong as his. Sauron grew more confident as he began to get my measure, keeping me dancing away and defensive meant that I was unable to get close enough to make any hits since his reach was greater than my own. I could see the smug smile forming behind his helm as he swung his axe about in a showy flourish above his head, forcing me backwards. "You are not the one to defeat me today girl," he said with a cruel laugh. Suddenly he seemed to grow even larger and more menacing in his black armour and I began to feel the first stirrings of fear. With a quick shake of my head, though, I quickly shook off the notion. It was, after all, just a game. "Oh I don't know about that," I jeered, "I have managed to score one hit on you, whilst you still have yet to touch me." This seemed to spur Sauron into a greater rage as he began to swing his axe more quickly again. I laughed as I danced easily out of reach. "You can't keep running away, I will catch up eventually." Sauron growled through gritted teeth. My laughter seemed to catch in my throat and I stumbled as another wave of irrational fear gripped me. The moment of weakness was enough to give Sauron an opening and his axe caught me in the side, earning him a grunt of pain as the air was knocked from my lungs and I was thrown back, hitting the ground hard. "Hit!" he exclaimed contemptuously above me. I lay a moment, letting the black spots fade from my vision before I forced myself into a sitting position. I pushed away the feeling of sickness that arose in my throat and nodded. "Hit," I conceded graciously, trying not to throw up as I felt one of my ribs grate against another. I gulped down huge draughts of air as I pushed the queasiness to the back of my mind. Sauron's voice lost its rough edge as he stood watching me with a look of concern. "Are you okay?" he asked uncertainly. I nodded but it mustn't have been too convincing because he dropped his axe and rushed to kneel at my side. "Do you think you can stand?" the concern in his voice was completely genuine, all thoughts of the role-playing gone as he put his arm gently around my shoulders as support. "I think so," I replied unsteadily. With Sauron's help I regained my footing but the pain in my side increased to dizzying new heights. I gasped as black spots danced across my vision, gripping Sauron's arm tightly to steady myself. "My Lady?" the voice sounded distorted to my ears, as though coming first through a pane of thick glass. I tried to focus my