Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. So....this is my first story so if it sucks blame my friends for filling my head with lies...I let them read it and they told me it was good. Thnx to them BTW they know who they are. 1. A Fresh Start I was just beginning to stir after the worst night's sleep I'd had all summer. I'd had yet another bad dream. It was almost like one of the dreams where you're standing in a crowded room and everyone's staring at you: laughing and pointing and you can't figure out why everyone's acting so strange. Then you look down and realize your not wearing any clothes. I tried to convince myself it was from all the excitement but really it was a combination of excitement and fear. I had been looking forward to this day since I started high school, the day when I would become a college student. My nerves were beginning to kick in thinking about the new life I was getting ready to start. I had always been relatively independent, but this was something entirely different. I would be leaving the only home I'd ever known. My mother, however, wasn't looking forward to me leaving. She tried relentlessly to attract me to the many benefits of junior college. I chuckled at the memory of my mothers attempt to keep me home. Going to Forks Community College meant that you were destined to stay here for the rest of your life and I was determined to get out of this town if it was the last thing I did, although I was a little sad at the thought of leaving my mom and dad. I was torn in between not leaving my family and getting out of this dead end town. So I settled for Hamilton University. Renee was happy I was going to college but she was worried I'd meet some guy, fall madly in love, and get knocked up, though she would never tell me that. That was how she met my Father. She lectured me all summer about the importance of education and not letting anything distract me, especially boys. "I just don't want you to get caught up and make the same mistakes I did," She said in the heat of one of her more recent rants. She froze and there was silence for a second before she rebounded her statement. "But you're not a mistake baby, you never were," she said hugging me. She gave me a small peck on the forehead before looking at me to see if she was forgiven. I gave her a nod and she exited my room to let me pack the rest of my things. Of course I knew I wasn't a mistake. I never felt like I was. I knew Charlie and Renee were happy to have me. Their relationship lasted this long so I didn't see why she was so worried about it. I knew she would miss having me around but I knew she was mostly concerned about the guys. Why was she so apprehensive? She knew my background when it came to boys. We told each other everything...well....mostly everything. There are just some things a mother and daughter are not meant to share. My thoughts were interrupted when my phone started ringing. Hello, hello Is anyone home Hello, hello Just pick up the phone It could only be one person calling me at this time. I turned on my side and reached over to the night stand to grab my phone. It was my bestfriend. "Alice," I said clearing my throat in attempt to get the sleep out of my voice "what's up?"She wasn't fooled. "Bella wake up, what are you still doing asleep when we have a bright future ahead of us?" she chirped into the pone. I could practically feel her bouncing on her toes from all the excitement. I smiled at her enthusiasm and began to pull myself out of bed to begin the day that was going to be inevitably long. "I'm up Ali. I was just lying in bed. I didn't sleep to well last night." "Another nightmare." She said it as more of a statement than a question. I was an only child and Alice was the closest thing to a sister I had. Since she was an only child too we immediately bonded. She knew me better than anyone, even better than I knew myself, as cliché as that sounds. "Yeah," I admitted. There was no point in lying to her she would see right through it and it didn't exactly help that I was the worlds worst liar. "I don't know what you're so nervous about. This is going to be the most fun you've ever had, I know it." "If you say so" "I do say so, and you know I'm always right so don't question it and get ready and you-" Before she could finish her sentence I cut her off. I already knew what she was going to say. "Yes, I'm wearing the outfit you picked out." It's not that I didn't dress up. I wore cute clothes. I just didn't feel that this was an occasion to get dressed for. Alice refused to let me step foot on the campus without looking 'positively pulchritudinous', whatever that meant . I figured if it came from her it had to be a good thing and I wasn't going to deny her. Alice was tiny but she was freakishly powerful for her size. Four years ago, when we were freshmen at Forks high, Tyler had tried to come on to her. We were walking the halls going to our next class. My head was down trying to make sure I didn't trip over my own feet. We were talking about the test we had just taken when Alice stopped mid sentence and I noticed she wasn't next to me anymore. My head snapped up and I began to search the hall for her when I spotted them. Tyler had pushed Alice up against the lockers and was hovering dangerously close to her face. Alice looked pissed. Her eyebrows scrunched up and her jaw clenched and I knew it was not going to turn out well for Tyler. I remember thinking that he was a complete moron for not seeing how mad she was, but then again his eyes never seemed to stay on her face. She had told him numerous times that she wasn't interested but he was very persistent. He leaned in to whisper something in her ear. Alice's eyes got wide in shock then her eyebrows furrowed again. Before I, or Tyler, knew it Alice pulled her tiny arm back and balled up her fist then snapped it forward, unleashing all her anger on his face. When she made the connection with his nose there was a small cracking sound followed by his loud shrieking. Blood began streaming out of his nose before he doubled over in pain, clutching his nose as he fell to the floor in the fetal position. Alice shrugged it off and casually stepped over Tyler's balled up form with her head high and sauntered back over to where I was standing. I just stood there in shock with my eyes wide and my mouth hanging open. I couldn't believe this 4ft nothing freshman just took out this boy, who was easily twice her size, with a single punch. Later we found out that he had to get three stitches and Alice ended up with a few detentions. From then on I knew I never wanted to be on her bad side. "You're gonna look so cute," She squealed. "Not that you're not normally cute, you'll just look even cuter," She tacked on so she wouldn't offend me. "It's okay Alice I know what you meant." She let out small sigh of relief before giggling into the phone. We started talking about the dorm rooms and our hopes that our roommates wouldn't be total whack jobs. "Hey, did you call them to make sure they got your housing application?" she said in an authoritative tone. "Um…..well….no…I checked online to see if the package was received," I said feebly, "and it said that it arrived a few days after I sent it so there was no need to call." After all what was the point of the internet verification if I had to call and make sure they received it? It said it plain and simple in black letters 'package received'. "Isabella Marie Swan, ugh… how many times do I have to tell you, you can't always trust the postal service. You still should've called to see if they got it. What if they lost it?" she was yelling into the phone now. It was so loud I had to pull the phone away from my ear slightly to avoid any damage to my eardrum. I could still hear every word she was throwing at me. Geez for someone so tiny she can sure get loud. Ouch. "Watch, now you're going end up in the left over, broken down dorms that nobody wants or something like that." "Alice calm down before you have an aneurism, I can practically see the vain bulging out of your forehead right now and stop saying that before you jinx me and I really end up homeless." "I'm not the one who jinxed you, YOU ARE. I have no control over these things. It's your decisions that make the future what it is. You know I'm usually right about these things." I could see her shaking her head on the other side of the phone as if she were right in front of me. But she was, in fact, right. She had never failed me before. Why would this be any different? I had to hope that maybe she would be a little wrong and maybe I would get an okay dorm. "I don't know but since you know everything would you mind telling me the winning lotto numbers, I could use the money." I teased. It was silent for a moment before we both broke out into laughter and all was forgiven. "Okay Ali, I gotta start getting ready. Call me when you're on your way." "Alright Bella, I'll talk to you soon." I had to ride with Alice since my dad was on patrol as the police chief of this small town and we didn't have another car besides his cruiser. I used to have a truck until it finally broke down on me this summer. I worked all throughout high school so that I was able to afford a used, rust colored, 67' Chevy truck that I loved. It wasn't perfect, the engine was extremely loud and the interior was falling apart, but I bought it with my hard earned money so I immediately loved it. Alice couldn't understand my attachment to the car. She would ride in it with me because of our friendship; otherwise she would not have been caught dead in it. I bought it the summer after sophomore year, I was so proud of it, and it decided to conk out on me now in my time of need. Alice called it fate. She said it was a sign that I needed to get rid of my "old dust bucket" and move on to something more efficient and classy, something more me. She didn't understand how hard I had to work just to get that "old dust bucket." Her parents bought her a Porsche after she got her license. Her mother used to be a big shot stylist, apparently she was the one to blame for Alice's addiction to fashion, and her father was a psychologist, and a pretty good one at that. So Alice pretty much had everything she ever needed or wanted, for that matter. Since we were both attending Hamilton this fall it made sense that we