Part 1: Aragorn, son of Arathorn Disclaimer:I do not own Lord of the Rings. J. R. R. Tolkien created those and I do not want any credit for his work. Just for this story, which is for fun and not profit. A/N: I wrote this story for the Teithco contest: "Growing Up" under another penname. Part 1: Aragorn, son of Arathorn "What? Wait… that's not in the rules, I'm sure!" cried a fair voice. "You had better start running, Estel, before Elladan gets you back!" said another very similar voice. After a short pause, there came a third voice, much younger than the other two. "Yes, Elrohir, I just might." Lord Elrond could hear splashing water and clinging of swords outside the window of his study. He shook his head. Just when he thought his own twins were growing up, along came Estel, who helped them unlearn everything they had learned in the past thousand years. But then Estel himself was beginning to grow and mature. Old enough that in fact…. "And that is fair, Elladan?" demanded Estel from outside. "All's fair in love and war," said Elladan. But then there was a bigger splash, and footsteps running inside, slamming the door. Splaush, Splaugh, Splaugh went the sound of wet shoes approaching the study. Elrond turned around to see Estel standing in the front door, covered in water and red spots that looked suspiciously like the raspberries they grew in the garden outside. "It is Elladan's fault," said the boy simply. "Who did what first?" asked Elrond. "Elladan pushed me into the berry bush. I poured water from the birdbath onto him. He tried to push me into the lake, but he got completely submerged." "And what were you doing before all of that?" asked Elrond. "Fencing," said Estel. Just then Elladan and Elrohir came running in. Elrohir was suppressing laughter at Elladan who had a piece of bird droppings strategically placed on his forehead. He looked pissed. "Ada, can I borrow Estel for a few minutes? He has an appointment with the lake this afternoon." "Now boys, think of a peaceful option," said Elrond. "Please, apologize and clean up. How old are all of you again?" "Sixteen," said Estel. "One thousand nine hundred seventeen last March," said the twins together. "Well," said Elrond looking at his biological sons, "start acting like it, please." The three beings bowed in respect to the Lord of Rivendell and left. Elrond was deep in thought again, watching Estel put the birdbath where it belonged. The boy was growing up. Was he old enough to know the truth? When the young human was inside, Elrond had noticed a slight stipple beginning to appear on his chin. Beards were not an attractive feature on men, but it was a sign that the little boy was growing up. Elrond continued to watch Estel. He would talk with the boy's mother. Estel once again found himself in the lake, but this time it was his own choice. Who would have thought that bees would be attracted to smashed raspberry on a teenage boy? "I told you, Estel, you are a magnet for trouble," said Elrohir. "No, I am not a magnet!" cried Estel indignantly, "I just spend too much time with Elladan." Elladan gave him a teasing look. "You know, Estel, I heard bees absolutely adore blueberries!" he said, walking close to the bush. "You wouldn't…" "Estel!" called Elrond. Estel turned around. Lord Elrond never called him like this before, not with the look he had on his face. It was a grave look. Like a death sentence that everybody knew was coming but it wasn't real until it came around. He turned to the twins who looked as if they knew exactly what was going to happen, and were anxious about it. The boy ran up to the house and met his foster father. In recent years, the elf hadn't felt too much like a father to the boy because he was beginning to accept that they were not related. But there was still a special place for him in Estel's heart. "What's wrong, Lord Elrond?" he asked. Elrond looked at him and gave him a grave look. "Let's walk. I have something I need to talk to you about." "I already know how babies are made, you know," said Estel blushing a little. "No not that," said Elrond quickly. "Something else." A few awkward minutes passed by as they walked through the hall. Estel recognized it. It was the hall with the shards of Narsil, Isildur's blade. The very one that cut Sauron's hand. There was a portrait of it too. "What do you know about history, Estel," asked Elrond. "What part?" asked the boy. "The overthrow of Sauron." Estel thought for half a moment and continued. "In the year 3441 of the second age, there was a great battle. The free peoples of Middle Earth fought against Sauron the terrible. Just when things looked blackest, Isildur, son of Elendil and the heir to the throne of Gondor cut Sauron's hand. Somehow, that defeated the greatest enemy Middle Earth has ever known." Elrond nodded. Estel prided himself in his knowledge. That had come straight out of one of his textbooks. They walked a little further in silence, until they reached the sword and the painting. Elrond walked up to the sword and grabbed the hilt. "Estel, this sword is old. Very old. I remember seeing it in action, and look forward to seeing it once again." Estel was confused. "But Lord, when will you see it again? You would have to find an heir of Isildur first." Elrond paused, put down the sword, and put his hand in his pocket. Estel didn't miss the gesture. "Now," continued the elf, "I will tell you another history, a short history, but you need to know this before… you just need to know." Estel nodded. "What, where, when, and why?" he asked. The elf lord sat down on the bench nearby, and Estel followed suit. "It is not that old, and not too far from here. Sauron may have been dethroned, but his minions still live. The captain of those creatures has also been searching for heirs of Isildur and the… well their families." "The Witch-king of Angmar?" "The same. Well, after years of searching, he found them. He sent his spies and troops to destroy them all. He nearly succeeded. He personally destroyed Arathorn, the heir. But two people escaped." "Who?" asked Estel. He had heard a lot about the Witch-king, what a menace he was. Anybody to escape him must have been very brave and very wise. "A woman and her infant. The infant was the last heir of Isildur: Aragorn. His name was Aragorn." "Well, what happened to Aragorn?" asked Estel. Elrond paused and took his hand out of his pocket. "His mother brought him here, to Rivendell, and I have been as a father to him for the past sixteen years." He held out his hand and in it was a ring. Estel was shocked. "Me? Aragorn?" Elrond nodded. "Yes. Your true name is Aragorn. Your mother brought you here to save your life." He looked at the ring and put it in the boy's hand. "The ring or Barahir. It belongs to you, now, Aragorn son or Arathorn." Part 2: I'm a Man Now Estel, or Aragorn, sat up in his room, deep in thought. It was impossible, but here he was. Elrond himself had told him, so it couldn't be a lie. It couldn't be a dream because he could feel the ring on his finger. He really was the baby in the story. He really did get away from the Witch-king himself. He had experienced all of that in the short story Elrond had told him. Elrond kept this information from him because he wanted to keep the little Estel safe. But now, Elrond trusted him with that information. It made Aragorn feel important. It made him feel powerful, and grown-up. Elrond trusted him with this information because he was a man now. Estel lay down on his bed. There were still many questions unanswered. Where any of his other kin alive? How would he get to Gondor? Most importantly (to him), how would he become king? He was old enough to know who he was, so he was definitely old enough to rule a country. His mind made up, Aragorn sat up and walked to his door. Wait, he would need clothing and other things with him, wouldn't he? He walked over to his closet and put on his boots. Estel stuffed a cloak and another shirt in the bag. Then, he grabbed his sword. "Estel?" said a voice. The boy turned around. It was his mother, Gilraen. Suddenly, he felt a surge of unexplained anger. But that was just it. Nothing was explained. "That's not my name. And you knew ! What else do you know? Are you really my mother?" Gilraen looked down, and Aragorn felt sorry for hurting her. But he did really want to know the truth. "I assure you, Aragorn, I am your mother." She smiled. "I remember giving birth to you. It was one of the happiest days of my life." Aragorn sat down on his bed. "One of?" She sat down next to him. "The other was the day I married your father." "Who was he? I never knew anything about him. Every time I asked, you have said you will tell me later. Well I think now is a damn good time!" said Aragorn. Gilraen's eyes were filled with tears. Aragorn looked down, deeply ashamed. But he didn't want to apologize, his pride wouldn't allow him. "Yes, I know. I will tell you all you want to know. What do you want to know?" Estel stopped short. What did he want to know about his true father? "Everything! What did he look like? What kind of man was he?" Gilraen smiled and her eyes seemed to travel to the past. "Tall, stern, but very kind-hearted. He would learn from his mistakes and admit them. He was very tall, and handsome. In fact, he looked a lot like you. You have his hair, his eyes, and many other facial features. I can picture him next to you right now and nobody could mistake you two for father and son." She paused. "That is why we didn't tell anybody. Not even you. If word got out and reached the wrong people, they would find you. If it was the same people who murdered your father… and they saw you… there would be no mistake…" and she broke down into tears. Estel hugged his mother. "It's okay, mother. Nobody knows where I am. I am okay. I'm… I'm sorry I snapped at you." Gilraen hugged her son back. But then she saw the bag with clothes and the sword. "But what were you doing?" "Oh, I'm going away, on a little trip." "With who?" "Alone." Gilraen didn't look pleased, so Aragorn continued. "I want to know who I am, mom. Who my kin are. I want to find them. I would also like to visit Minas Tirith if I can." Gilraen still looked worried. "I am not so sure about this plan of yours, my son. You are still young…." "People younger than me have traveled alone before. Besides, the town of Csenesville is not far south of here, and I am bound to find some kin there. All I need to do is look for smelly men in cloaks!" "But the other young people are not hunted boys!" Aragorn flinched slightly at the title. "They don't hunt what they don't believe exists. I'm going, mother. I've made up my mind." Gilraen stayed on the bed. "May the grace of the Valar be with you," she whispered. "You're doing what?" said Elrond. He raised his eyebrows at Aragorn. He hated it when Elrond did that.