Disclaimer: I do not own anything other than the way the words are arranged. Tolkien owns the rest. Requited Fascination Two days had passed since the Rohirrim had begun their journey to Gondor when concerns began to arise about the menace that lay ahead. At first it was one or two voices speaking of a potential ambush, decimating the last of their force before it even arrived to defend Minas Tirith. However, before long this feeling of apprehension spread among most of the men, rendering them even wearier than before. It was to Théoden's dismay when Éomer boldly offered to ride ahead and carefully scout the path for hazards. "If there is any threat for the troop I can ride back and give you at least a day's notice," spoke Éomer matter-of-factly, his wild hair buffeting in the cross wind where they had halted. "This way, the men can ride forward bravely, knowing that if they have not seen me there is temporary well-being ahead." "And if you do not return because you meet your end out there?" Théoden retorted, disinclined to let Éomer's ride off alone. "Not only do we lose one of our best warriors but we ride forward with false confidence. I do not see the sense in such a plan. Stay and ride with us, Éomer. We will face the darkness as one." The men watching turned expectantly to Éomer, who rumbled, "My Lord, just look at our people. They coward under the anticipation of death. They are not ready. If I do not go ahead, fear alone will render them useless in battle by the time we reach Gondor. Can you not see the sense in this?" Théoden was quiet, his eyes fixed on Éomer, thinking. Indeed Éomer had a point. Even the horses had begun to look disheartened. Breathing in and opening his mouth to speak, he was suddenly cut short by a strong voice in the crowd. "I will go with him." Everybody turned to see who the speaker was. There stood Legolas, his tall slender frame held determined and confident. Before Théoden could elaborate on the sentiment exhibited by Éomer's raised eyebrow, Legolas continued: "My abilities will be of special use for such a journey. I can see far ahead and my ears are sensitive to the slightest aberration. For the purposes of detecting an impending threat, I can offer protection and aid to the honourable Éomer." Éomer frowned, disliking the notion that this dainty elf would protect him , the fierce Marshal of the Riddermark. Turning in clear opposition to Théoden, he was surprised to see a look of consideration upon Théoden's face. "Indeed, this is a sensible idea. Even though, Éomer, you know this road better than any, I would feel more confident if you were aided by Legolas's abilities. Together your chances of survival are greater." After briefly resisting, Éomer begrudgingly agreed to the elf's accompaniment due to the need for haste. And so it was decided that Éomer and Legolas would ride ahead only to return in the event of danger. Loading up their horses, Éomer forcefully emphasized to Legolas the need for furtiveness along the way. "We must be swift and invisible, leaving no trace. If you are intimidated by the level of stealth required for this mission, I will hold no judgment if you choose to remain here." Legolas turned, his blue-green eyes twinkling despite the dire nature of the circumstances. "Stealth, my Lord? Is it not for that very reason that I have been included in your endeavour?" Wide-eyed, Éomer felt the sudden need to justify himself to the elf. Opening his mouth, nothing sensible came to mind and Legolas interjected: "but of course, I will make every attempt to act wisely along the way. Do not worry." Éomer glanced back only to see corners of Legolas's mouth slightly curved upwards as he innocently tightened the saddle on his horse. Irritated, he grunted in approval and strode away, tripping over a small pile of rope on the ground as he went. They rode by day and stopped for brief periods at night. Despite the need for haste, it was important that they rest in order to retain their strength for the battle ahead. Indeed, Éomer and Legolas were such fierce riders that even in leisure they easily broke ahead of the rest of the troop. Although stubborn, Éomer couldn't help but admire the sight of Legolas as he rode forth in silent focus, his blond hair streaming behind him. The first night they stopped upon a hilltop that was out of view from the main road. The moon was obscured under a thin film of cloud that hung hazily upon them and Éomer fumbled hurriedly with his canteen, his left hand still sore from the battle at Helm's Deep. He almost had the catch open when he dropped it, cursing. Leaning over, his hand met with the trim fingers of Legolas, who had also reached to recover the canteen for Éomer. Éomer pulled away from the unexpected contact and they both rose, Legolas holding the canteen forward with a grin on his face. Amazingly, the elf did not appear at all worn from the long journey. Indeed, it was fascinating to see the resilient beauty of the elves illustrated before him in this person and Éomer was suddenly uncomfortable. Awkwardly retrieving his canteen, Éomer tossed it onto his rucksack and massaged his left hand uneasily. "Does your hand hurt you, my lord?" Legolas asked openly. "Only slightly. I have suffered much worse in my time", Éomer said, dropping his hands to his sides. "It is of little concern." "By the contrary, in battle such a small disadvantage can be of great consequence. Here." With ease, Legolas stepped forward and reached for Éomer's hand, lifting it towards himself. Shocked, Éomer was speechless but before he could pull away Legolas began to firmly mould Éomer's palm with his thumbs, looking down with earnest focus. The sensation distracted Éomer and he stood discomfited, paralysed by inaction. "Sit down, there is no need to stand; I am sure that we are out of harm's way for now." Legolas assured, and they sat down together, Legolas continuing on Éomer's hand. "You should get your rest, Lord, and I will keep watch. I am not in any need of sleep, but you require your strength. Try to relax." Éomer did feel weary but he kept himself upright as Legolas finished. In no way was he going to lie down while Legolas held his hand, completely forgoing his dignity as a warrior and a man. Finally he reposed brusquely against his rucksack, reminding Legolas for the third time to wake him if there was the slightest disturbance. He fell asleep, resting his body under the watchful eye of the elf. A couple hours later soft light illuminated their site and Éomer awoke with a start. The sun had begun to make itself subtly known and it was time to carry on. Looking around, Éomer couldn't see Legolas anywhere. He rose and quickly packed up his horse, nervously scanning the horizon for danger. There was little sound save for the wind hinting at its continual passage. "Ready to go, noble Éomer?" Éomer whirled around and fiercely brandished his sword, having heard no sign of approach only moments before. There stood Legolas, eyes wide and a look of humorous astonishment upon his striking face. He held two canteens, freshly filled from a small spring across the hill, in either hand. "Very good defences! I know now to avoid approaching you from behind, even when you've just woken up!" Even though he questioned the entirety of Legolas's earnestness, Éomer brushed the compliment off, sheathing his sword and chuckling. The absurdity of the situation was trying. Mounting their horses, they carried on, always keeping a careful watch. One more day passed with no sign of danger except for a small flock of crows that passed overhead late in the evening. Legolas suggested that they stop but Éomer insisted upon continuing through the night, feeling the weight of responsibility heavily upon him. On the third night they came upon a small forest on the side of the plains which offered good cover and they decided to rest. They had travelled efficiently and could afford to recover some strength. The forest was dense and cool. A small stream made its way between the trees, resulting in a soft babbling and lapping sound. Éomer eased himself down upon a fallen log and retrieved a dusty half of bread from a folded cloth. His cape draped heavily across his wide shoulders, making him look larger than ever in the falling dusk. Chewing, he glanced up and noticed that the elf did not appear to be quite as lively as before. There was a soft shadow beneath each of his eyes and his movements seemed slightly less natural, compounded by a certain anxiety. The change was subtle and especially hard to notice due to Legolas's continual poise. However, being the earthy man that he was, Éomer was adept at reading the physical body. Shifting casually, he remarked, "Legolas. It has been three nights now that you have not slept. Despite your wishes, it has begun to show - you seem weary. This forest is dense and sheltered and you can afford to rest for a while tonight. Indeed, I insist that you do, for your strength is valued." Legolas sighed, one hand running along his delicate brow. He did not look over, but spoke softly, "I believe that you are right, Éomer." Éomer waited, unaccustomed to the unusual brevity of Legolas's statement. When it was clear that Legolas was not going to continue, Éomer asked, "Well, do you think you will be capable of sleeping tonight, my Lord?" Legolas looked over and smiled, his expression still full of the usual playfulness that frustrated Éomer so, but it was coloured by weariness. He chided, "So concerned about me, how kind. I assure you, I will be strong and able either way. Relax. Do not worry yourself, son of Rohan." As Legolas spoke of concern and worry, Éomer suddenly realized that he actually did feel somewhat concerned for Legolas's well-being. After three days of concentrated company with the elf, Éomer was beginning to suspect that in some ways Legolas's continual wit indicated a fierce pride. For this reason Éomer reasoned that Legolas would be inclined to conceal his needs or weaknesses in an attempt to remain infallible. Startling, brilliant, awe-inspiring, maybe... but no one, not even an elf, is completely infallible. Éomer stood up and walked over to Legolas, casually placing a gruff hand on his shoulder. Upon contact, Legolas turned to look directly at Éomer, his blue eyes glowing teal in the dim light. What was the expression... curiosity? Immediately Éomer became wildly aware of where he had placed his hand, surprised at the wiry strong musculature embodying Legolas's slight frame. Struggling to remain laid-back, Éomer gripped Legolas's shoulder slightly, and joked, "Listen, my friend. I think it's time you took your own advice, and relaxed. There is no reason for fear tonight. I will watch for as long as you sleep, for I am feeling well." Legolas's eyes softened and he nodded. Éomer sighed in relief and felt his stomach muscles unclench. He noticed that his hand remained on Legolas's shoulder, and he roughly patted Legolas on the back before striding nonchalantly back to where he was sitting. Ripping off a sizable share of bread, Éomer fiercely ignored the warmth that had risen in his face and neck. Night came and the darkness was only punctuated by soft moonlight that poured between the boughs above. Despite the heavy cover, it was unwise to light a fire and Éomer sat in silence, leaning against the moss covered tree behind him. Nothing could be heard and he surmised hopefully that the enemy's battalions were far away, to be dealt with at a later