Greetings, and welcome to a whole other way of diving into the Mary-Sue genre. I was thinking about this idea for a while, and am kind of curious of how it'll work out. Note: With every line break, it will be a change in point of view. You'll be able to point out who's who from reading, don't worry. It'll be horribly obvious. Thanks for reading and...Oh yeah, that whole Disclaimer thing. Let's just say it's for the WHOLE story. Disclaimer for story: This franchise of Tolkien belongs to Tolkien, not me. That being said...Please don't sue me/hunt me down. Chapter 1 - First Impressions are EVERYTHING I had only just finished with feeling terrified and confused when I wondered at this moment a most peculiar thought: Why is this happening to me? Why is this peculiar , you may ask? Well, my dear future admirers, it is quite bluntly simple, really. My life was…no, is perfect. Why bother questioning the world of my happenings if everything is going smoothly? Yes, why …? But now, for the first time in my superb lifestyle, I was put into a situation where I was forced to question. And I did not like it in the slightest. I believe I felt… annoyed. " Well , preppy? Aren't you going somewhere?" I suddenly remembered her standing in front of me. This… plain creature who looked as though she had a reason to hate me, those glaring eyes wanting to burn right through me. Why anyone would even begin to hate me is just baffling. I'm perfect. Generously giving her my sweetest smile, I patiently replied. "You don't need to be like that. My name is *CENSOR*." "Don't you mean, 'Mary-Sue'?" She rolled her eyes at me as I stared back in confusion. What was this girl talking about? I had to grace to tell her my name and she insisted as though it were actually something hideous as…"Mary-Sue"? How insulting! No, *CENSOR*, you must calm yourself. Be patient. This girl is a victim. She is horribly confused, and you must help her through this obstacle! Perhaps she misheard? Besides, it would not be beneficial for me to be so… infuriated for no reason. As beautiful and lovely as I am, even I don't look as dazzling when angered. I would still beautiful, but not as much. And "not as much" is not acceptable. "I understand, you must be confused..." I paused as I let my voice fill the silenced air. "But first, before we waste time with any unnecessary babbling, shouldn't we find out where we are?" Oh how I loved hearing myself speak! Poets dreamed of my voice! All who heard it became compliant to my requests!…Well, of course this was not the current case, but it was what would usually happen. My home…Oh, how I was missing it now. Is this was they call "regret"? Strange …Well, I certainly don't like it. Home was everything. This place-I do not even know what this place is- is horrid. I am practically alone! I miss the obedient servants, the big castle, my large closet of dresses, and yes, I even miss my doting, though suffocating parents! "Fine!" I suppose that was all I was going to get that was close to polite. She was still angered, for a reason I could not quite place, but I let her speak however she wanted. How fortunate for her that I am not temperamental. "How about you just do what ya gotta do and make someone come and rescue you?" "Do you really think there are people out here to hear us?" I was confused. Her idea of rescue was a start, but I was under the impression that we were alone in this forest clearing. Most chilling. Oh, and was that fog? Oh dear, that is most definitely not going to be helpful for my lovely locks. Her voice was sharp and harsh as she continued on. " Please , once they realize that you're in their radar, they'll come here in record pace." "Oh, you really think so?" Was I really so attractive?...Oh what am I questioning? Oh course I am! And this plain girl saw it so well! "Thank you for the compliment!" Her face wrenched into an ugly expression once again, and I feared I said the wrong thing. "Shut up! That's not what I meant!" "Oh." I looked at the girl closely as she turned from me with her arms crossed, her mousey brown hair in disarray. Didn't she know how to keep herself presentable? She was a mess! I felt tempted to comb her hair, but my hands stayed put. Something in my mind told me she would not be appreciative of my services (as rude and unbelievable as that may be). "What is your name?" "Pft, oh wow, you actually care? " I was asking out of politeness and she continued to respond with rudeness. I had never met anyone who would be so rude to me before. My father would be shocked. And this girl would be dead for insulting me. "Yes, I very well cannot call you 'girl'." I nearly let the adjective "plain" slip out as I stared at her. She was plain. So average. She would be a good servant if she would stop that belligerent attitude of hers. Servants were so useful. They were never beautiful . Oh, the thought of it is simply impossible! And the most plain and uninteresting were the best. Every sane beauty would know to keep many by her side to help (as if I needed such aid) emphasize her good looks. Having more people there to admire and be at your beck and call isn't so bad either. It wasn't until she spoke again that I realized that I had faded from paying attention to her again. Oh dear, my manners…But is it truly my fault when she is so ordinary? "Fine." That seemed to be her favorite word. After a deep hesitance, she finally spoke up again. "I'm…Allison." She said it as though she despised it. "What a beautiful name!" It was so short and sweet. Unlike my horrid name which was always such a pain to say out at once. I always thought it was all just a silly tradition of the royalty. But mother and father always insisted that when I introduced myself, I say it in its entirety. "NO!" As though it were the wrong answer, yet again. "It's stupid!" She turned from me again. I felt I should have corrected her, but before I could, we were interrupted. Suddenly, we were surrounded, these men armed with bows and arrows. Were they even men? They were much too beautiful for that. How could men be so beautiful and slender, their eyes so clear and piercing? They nearly made me feel threatened, but I swallowed this thought as I spoke. "Pardon us if we bothered you gentlemen, but we are lost." Allison looked worried, standing there by herself, the men paying no attention to her. Their attention stolen by me. But she also still looked angry, and it wasn't just directed at me this time…Or was this my imagination? "Did we startle you, gentle lady? Forgive us, that was not our intention." They were so polite, and their voices were like a soft bell upon the light air…Well, the one speaking to me was. His long brown hair framed his face perfectly, not ruined in the slightest. I believe I know how normal people feel when they see me now. I never realized that beauty could be so stunning to a person. How could I be so inconsiderate all those years? "Well, of course you are forgiven." I found it oddly difficult to rub away my uncomfortable and nervous feeling (all very new to me also). But it didn't mean I should forget my manners. My mother would pale at the thought of me forgetting such common courtesies. "We would be eternally grateful if you were to help us." "We?" The beautiful brown haired one questioned so innocently as I, in response, gestured to plain Allison. The girl looked so annoyed. It was difficult for me to understand her situation, though I could somewhat imagine her exasperation. I was never ignored, from the moment I was a small (and, of course, beautiful ) babe, my loving parents dotted on me well. I was their angel on their earth. She was talking again. "It's a little worrying if you guys can't even sense my presence when I'm OBVIOUSLY standing behind you!" Such a thing is troublesome. "Silence, little one." One of the beautiful ones ordered to plain Allison in a voice that was horridly contrasting to the sweet bell of a voice I heard from the other. He was firm in his order and the plain girl immediately shirked away with a sheepish expression. The poor girl. She was so outspoken, yet wasn't prepared to be lectured or scolded for her behavior. I wonder what her mother thinks of her. "Please, don't treat her so, she's just scared." I went over to Allison, standing beside her, my lovely form a strong contrast from hers. I refrained from touching her, sensing she would not appreciate this. I even sensed she didn't even appreciate my protecting her for this moment. I dared to glance and her, ever so slightly, and noticed a very irritated look scrunched on her face as her chin dipped into her chest. "Then please do us the honor of coming with us to our humble homeland, there, I am sure our people would be more than grateful to feed and house you." The sweet belled voice spoke again, not even taking notice of the girl who stood next to me. Again, it was as though she were ignored again. All their eyes were steadily on me, filled with a familiar emotion I remembered from others who gazed at me. Those beautiful eyes, so crystalline and inhuman. I felt as though I was being hypnotized as I gave up my most graceful curtsy that I could muster from my state. "Ah, only If it's no trouble to any of you, of course." "No trouble at all." The sweet voice answered smoothly, without a hint of hesitation. It wasn't until then that I realized: They were infatuated with me. With my beauty . Oh, how did I not notice before? I felt somewhat flattered that these beautiful painted creatures would think to admire me so. And upon discovering this, I immediately shot a dazzling smile towards Allison's way. She was not impressed. Why? It was another subject which confused me aside from the beautiful people's inhuman aura. Allison's immunity of me was puzzling. Or perhaps it was blindness to my obvious loveliness. I could not quite place it, but from the moment she saw me, she began hating me. And I must say, that is unbelievably unfair. Yet again, I am forced to say something that is unusual for me. This place…what is this place? This can't be happening to me. WHY ME? As if being transported to this place wasn't bad enough…Okay, maybe my life wasn't that good to begin with, but at least it was predictable. I thought maybe I wandered in a large forest or something (…in my sleep?). Well, that was the conjecture until I saw…it. Or should I say "her"? She was so perfect, it was like a Barbie doll personified. I knew for a fact what she was then. And I wanted her to show me her real face. I think we all know that she isn't as lost as she looks. I was pretty sure she was giving me the "innocent" face to lure me into her list of slave admirers. As if. But no matter how many times I tried to insult her, she just responded the same way: with that perfect smile and fricken' perfect teeth and perfect