So, it had taken some time. Not Leo's fault, really. He had worked as fast as he could have, but Festus had been so damaged that he needed to cool down a bit after he was fixed. Not much, just two days, but even two days seemed extensive to be in the same place. Where, you ask? Well, Leo had thought he should probably take Calypso to a small town with not too many buildings, so she wouldn't have the shock of her life with how the world had changed. Unfortunately, Festus had picked up the perfect place for the fixing parts as Burlington, Vermont. It obviously was no New York City, and Leo should be thankful that there were trees among the buildings, and that you could see the mountains in the distance, and that the water from Lake Champlain actually looked like water. If he wasn't mistaken, it was more of a college city, so it definitely could have been worse. And it could have been better. Apparently, even Burlington was a bit much to Calypso ( I really can't take her to NYC ), and she had resigned herself to keeping her back to the city and watching the lake. Leo couldn't blame her. He couldn't imagine how beautiful the world probably was when she was around the first time. They had found a secluded corner near the water and surrounded by some woods. Festus was sleeping in the corner. Leo tried to clean his hands as best as he could, but grease didn't come out easily. Oh, well – he had already stained Calypso's blouse, anyway. He took a seat next to her, leaning against a tree. Before he could even move to put an arm around her, she murmured something. "Sorry?" Leo asked. "I can't believe Pan let this happen," she spoke sadly, staring ahead. Leo had a distinct memory of Annabeth telling him that Pan had died. She had explained to him a bit of what had happened in the Labyrinth and how the satyr Grover had taken over something of the god – Leo wasn't sure of the details, he had been working harshly at that time. He and Annabeth seemed to only share stories as they worked endlessly on the Argo II . He wondered if he should tell Calypso that. "Look on the bright side," he said instead, this time putting an arm around her. "We still got plenty of trees over here. And this water's still blue. The air is breathable. The –" Leo trailed off as Calypso turned her head to him, her expression telling him that he wasn't helping. "You have no idea…" She shook her head and turned away from him. "This is nothing compared to before. I watched the world below as we flew, Leo… It's heartbreaking." She sniffed. "Now I understand what Percy said… that people don't have space for gardens. It's the saddest thing." Leo didn't know what to say, so, naturally, he tried to change the subject. "We'll introduce you to it slowly. Camp Half-Blood is in the country part. We'll head there tomorrow." "Your friends are probably worried about you." Leo winced. Yeah, he knew, he knew. And he did feel a bit bad. He knew that Hazel and Frank would have told the others about his plan to stay with the physician's cure, but he had no idea what their reactions would be to him simply showing up again after two weeks or so. They may have burned his shroud and everything. In a way, Leo was glad it had been two weeks. For a while, he had been concerned that he had been unconscious on Festus for decades before finding Ogygia. It was only when he and Calypso had landed in Burlington and he had grabbed a newspaper that he could breathe again at the Monday, August 16 th 2010 at the top of the page. Leo tried to keep the conversation light from then on until it was time to sleep. They left in the wee hours, traveling south to Long Island. It made him nervous, he wasn't going to lie. Piper was going to kill him, most definitely, and he didn't hide the fact that he was actually scared of her reaction. He hoped all the others would still be at camp – Jason, Hazel, Frank, and Reyna. Leo was pretty sure that Jason would be, but he had a feeling the other three Romans wouldn't, and it made him a little sad. Not to worry, though. He could make another trip. He debated which entrance would be more dramatic: landing on the beach, on Half-Blood Hill, or on the diving pavilion, where people would be having breakfast. With a smirk, he told Festus that the land beside the pavilion was the perfect place to land. As they descended, Calypso's arms tightened around his waist. Leo could feel she was nervous as well. At first, he had thought it was because of the general situation – leaving her home prison for the first time in thousands of years and facing all these people at once. But then he figured that, duh, Percy Jackson was down there, and maybe she wasn't all too happy with the prospect to see him. And maybe, he thought, he himself wasn't all too happy for her to see him either, but there was nothing to be done about that. As predicted, all campers were having breakfast, and it looked as though the Romans had already left. A commotion slowly started when they spotted Festus in the sky. Leo grinned. "YEAH, BABY! THOUGHT YOU'D SEEN THE LAST OF ME?" By the time they reached the ground, everyone was up and coming to them, making a lot of noise. Leo slipped from Festus's back, and then helped Calypso down. He turned around to the crowd that was approaching, opening his arms in greeting. When he saw who was the fastest, though, his stance weakened. Piper was coming for him – she was really coming for him. The glint in her eyes was murderous, and it didn't get any better the closer she got. For some reason, the tears running down her face didn't make Leo fear her any less. She was way ahead of the other campers, running like a madwoman, somehow not tripping over her rapidly moving feet. Leo had planned on being all cocky about it, and maybe receiving a punch or two, but the reality was that when she was about 30 feet away, he instinctively started to back away as quickly as he could. "LEO VALDEZ, DON'T YOU RUN AWAY FROM ME!" Maybe there was a bit of charmspeak in her voice, but Leo was so terrified that it had no effect, only making him run faster. He should have figured, really, that Piper would catch up to him easily. And when she did, he found himself on the ground, a searing pain burning on his right ankle and a bit of grass on his mouth. Before he had time to process what had happened, he was hoisted to his feet again and hugged to death. He could feel Piper's tears against his neck as she muttered, "I hate you, I hate you so much…" With a smile, he put his arms around her as well and watched as the campers stopped a few feet away from Festus, about 20 feet from where he was. "Did you have to be so noble , Leo, for the gods' sake…" "Yeah, yeah, Beauty Queen. I know, I'm awesome. I saved the whole world and all that. No need to cry." Piper backed away and punched him. Hard. He swallowed his complaint as she raised a finger at him. "If you so much as attempt to do something like this ever again…" Leo laughed; he couldn't help it. The initial shock had passed, even though his ankle still hurt, and he was just glad that she was here, hitting and lecturing him. Piper wasn't too impressed with his laughter and frowned. Before she could punch him again, Leo winked at her and walked to the crowd. "Man, you're alive!" Jason exclaimed, coming to him to hug him as well. " How are you alive? Nico said you died." Everyone was looking at him expectantly. Leo smirked, "I told you I had a plan. Why does no one believe me when I say that?" "Because you usually don't," Piper said, coming to stand beside him. "How did you take the physician's cure if you were dead? Also," her expression closed and she slapped him again, "how could you trick me like that?" " Ow , chill, Pipes. You would have never agreed to my plan, anyway." "Because it was insane!" "It worked." "It could have easily not. You still haven't said how –" "I installed it into Festus, of course," Leo looked at her like she was crazy. "Then I took a little detour before coming here." He turned to Calypso, who was still by the dragon, trying not to draw attention to herself, and extended his hand to her. Slowly, she came to him and placed her hand on his, and Leo turned to the campers. "Guys! This is Calypso. She's totally awesome." Leo saw it. He didn't know how he saw it, but Percy's wince could be seen from miles away probably. Most people were a bit confused, especially those who remembered who Calypso was and how she was supposedly trapped forever. Jason and Piper merely gave him knowing, but happy, smiles. But Percy couldn't hide, because he was right in front of everybody, and Annabeth was about three campers to his left, looking something between mortified and angry. And surely, Calypso's eyes did what Leo hadn't wanted them to do: focused on Percy. She didn't step forward, though, which was a relief. But Percy was also looking at her, a pained expression on his face. The silence stretched a bit too much before Percy finally came forward, "I am so sorry!" Calypso stiffened. "I didn't know they hadn't freed you," Percy continued. "I thought they would, and didn't give it a second thought." Leo saw Calypso's eyes spark, and Percy immediately raised his arms in front of himself and stepped forward. "I planted the moonlace! I found a corner in my apartment. It's truly beautiful." "It is," Calypso replied, no emotion in her voice. "Alright!" Piper said loudly, clapping her hands and sporting a forced smile. "How about we take Calypso to the Big House? Chiron?" She turned to the centaur, who had been watching the scene a little to the side. "Yes, of course," Chiron walked to Leo and patted his shoulder. "We have a lot to talk about, young hero, and a lot to thank you. But we should get comfortable first. Let's assemble a council meeting. The rest of you can finish your meal." Chiron's idea of comfortable was questionable, considering how crowded the ping-pong table would get during council meetings. The centaur sat in his wheelchair at the head of the table, which he would usually share with Rachel, but Leo had been told that the Oracle had gone to the Roman camp for now, so the centaur shared it with Nico. The son of Hades was deadly pale as usual, but he seemed better in general – or at least less sad –, even if he would shoot annoyed glares towards Will Solace every time the son of Apollo would try to fuss over him from his spot perpendicular to the head of the table. On Chiron's side, sat Annabeth and then Percy, both not quite looking at each other and pretending to be busy with their camp necklace and a ping-pong ball, respectively. Next to Percy, Jason and Piper played with the net in the middle of the table. Then there was Pollux, who seemed to be half asleep yet and nursed a cup of coffee.