TITLE: Hell on High Water PAIRING: Bella/Edward GENRE: Drama WORD COUNT: 9291 SUMMARY: She's been planning this for years, talking about it for even longer. Sailing 630 nautical miles in one of the world's toughest ocean races. But what price will she pay to chase a dream? … … My utmost respect to the families of the six sailors who lost their lives in the 1998 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race. In fictionalising these events, I have taken a few liberties with some details. I do not mean to trivialise the tragedy of the true events in doing so. … … 0543 - December 26. Bella Swan doesn't want to be awake. Her alarm isn't set to start its shrill squawking for another hour and fifteen minutes …. and it's not likely she's going to have the opportunity to regain those precious moments of rest any time soon. She closes her eyes, but sleep simply laughs at her. Not happening , it says. With a groan, she runs a hand across the soft, white hotel sheets, not caring if her protest wakes the man sleeping beside her. If she can't sleep, he might as well suffer, too. He doesn't stir. His sun-bleached hair flutters with the artificial breeze created by the air-conditioner overhead, but otherwise, he is still. Bella rolls her tired eyes. She should know better. The guy can sleep through thunderstorms, alarm clocks, even the garbage collection on a Tuesday morning. It's a trait she envies him, but can't afford herself. Rubbing the grainy residue of the previous night from the corners of her eyes, Bella stares at the ceiling, trying to convince herself to let him sleep. It would be a dick move to wake him … but she's going to miss him like crazy over the next week. And that makes her decision easy. "Edward." Nothing. She wriggles closer, pressing her chest to his warm, smooth skin back. Her lips by his ear, she trails her callused hands down his arm. "Edward." He mutters something incoherent, but still doesn't move. "Oi!" At that, he lifts his head from the pillow, turning to glare at her from under sleep-swollen lids. "It's too early." She nods, her lip between her teeth. "Couldn't sleep." He sighs, rolling onto his back, and lifts his arm. Bella curls against his side, breathing in the slightly sour smell of sweat and sex and last night's beer that clings to his skin. He doesn't ask if she's nervous, and for that, she's grateful. Of-fucking-course she's nervous. It would be the height of arrogance if she weren't. Edward smoothes her tangled hair as she tries to find that place of focus she needs. She's not there yet. As though he knows, and maybe he can feel the tension humming through her, he pulls her closer, pressing a kiss to her temple. His fingers trail across her back, then pause on her hip as he ponders how to approach this. What the hell , he figures. If she says no, she says no. He rolls her onto her back, his hands moving lower, slower, his touch no longer gentle and teasing. Bella can feel his intent, and she welcomes it, parting her legs as her eyes fall closed. His touch anchors her, even as it sets her adrift in sensation. She's panting, flushed pink and damp with sweat when he pulls away. She protests as he climbs off the bed, the evidence of his own unfulfillment clear. "But you…" He winks, jerking his head towards the bathroom. "Come on, then." … 0730 - December 26. Charlie Swan is trying to hide a yawn behind his scarred hands when Edward and Bella step out of the hotel's elevator. Bella greets her father with an elbow to the ribs. "Up too late, old man?" He rolls his eyes and turns to the man he expects to call 'son' in the not-so-distant future. "Morning. You two have a good time?" "Yeah. I needed a few days away," Bella says. "Even if 'away' is just up the road." The three nights she and Edward have spent at the Shangri-La were just what she needed to catch her breath and refocus. Edward nods, catching Charlie's eye. His smile is bright against his tanned skin as he throws his arm across Bella's shoulders. There's a new easiness between the two men, an understanding born recently over several schooners of Endeavour Pale Ale, one question, and the sparkly ring Edward's still got tucked away in his camera bag. If Bella has noticed the affection that has seeped into their camaraderie, she's yet to comment. "Ready?" Both men look to Bella. She hesitates. Is she? She's been planning this for years, talking about it for even longer. She was eleven when she announced to her parents that one day, she would sail the Sydney to Hobart. Single-handed. Renée Swan laughed, told her not to be ridiculous, and turned her attention back to working on her tan. Charlie, on the other hand, sat his daughter down beside him, passed her the tiller, pointed towards Lion Island and told her to keep their course true. That week he bought her as many of Lin and Larry Pardey's books as he could find. "Learn how to survive at sea," he said, "before you think about racing." Bella takes a deep breath. The filtered air in the hotel lobby reminds her of where she wants to be. "Yeah," she says. "I'm ready." Climbing into Charlie's Landcruiser, Edward in the back seat, Bella in the front, the two men ready themselves for the relentless jabbering Bella subjects them to on the morning before big regattas. It never begins. Charlie catches Edward's eye—a look of worry passes between them. "North-easterlies," Charlie says, because someone has to say something. "As soon as you're out of the Heads, you'll be able to set your kite and run straight down for a good twelve-or-so hours." No response. Edward leans forward, his eyes on Bella as he speaks to Charlie. "And in Bass Strait?" Charlie shrugs. "It'll be messy, but she's got it." Edward nods. Crossing Bass Strait is treacherous; it's the reason sailors have nicknamed the race "Hell on High Water." The sudden change in the ocean depth in the strait makes the seas wild and unpredictable. It makes him uneasy, a reluctant and inexperienced sailor himself, but the one thing he doesn't doubt is Bella's competence. … 0930 December 26. At the Cruising Yacht Club of Australia, the day has unfurled bright and blue. Pennants and flags flutter in the early morning breeze and seabirds soar in lazy circles overhead. Television crews are clustered here and there, microphones and cameras pointed in the faces of sailors and their families. Beyond them, Sydney Harbour is already awash with the wake of a small flotilla of craft carrying sightseers to the best vantage points. Charlie wanders away from his daughter and her boyfriend as they leave the clubhouse after the compulsory weather briefing, greeting a few similarly grizzled men as he makes his way across the maze of marina berths. Bella turns to Edward, her eyes wide with everything she can't quite say. He flips his sunglasses atop his head, squinting against the glare reflecting off the water. His eyes, the same colour as the harbour, find hers. "You can do it." It's all he says, and all she needs to hear. His faith in her makes her feel strong. He kisses her once more. "See you in Hobart." He squeezes her hand, then turns on his heel. For a moment, she watches his worn leather deck shoes put distance between them before she begins to make her way along the marina decks, smiling and waving at the greetings tossed her way. It's not until she's standing in front of her Compass 29 that Bella finds that place of peace. Rosalie bobs gently in her moorings: her classic lines are familiar and comforting, and the deep green stickers now affixed to her prow bring a small smile to Bella's lips. The 54th Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race . This is happening. With a nimbleness that comes of years of practice, Bella steps aboard and busies herself with her last minute preparations. … 1000 - December 26. Edward steps into the small aluminium runabout, his bag of camera gear bouncing against his hip, his knees buckling as he tries not to rock the boat. He nods to Jake, the young guy in charge of manoeuvring them into the best vantage points for the race start, by way of greeting. Jake points at the pile of personal flotation devices in response. Edward picks up a lurid orange life jacket, slips it over his head and fastens it. It is familiarly uncomfortable—the chafe of the stitching under his arms, the weird feeling of his chest having expanded three sizes. "Do I really have to wear this?" He'd complained the first time Bella had taken him aboard Rosalie . The life jacket she'd handed him looked so bulky and cumbersome … not to mention completely dorky. "I can swim." She looked at him that way she did when she was particularly unimpressed, lips pursed and eyebrows lifted. "One, you have to do everything I say when you're on my boat," she said. "I'm the skipper. And two, being able to swim isn't going to help you much if you cop a boom to the head and get tossed overboard." His Bella-imposed exposure to boats and yacht racing is what scored him this particular job with The Financial Review in the first place—though if he's honest, he's still a little disappointed he's not sitting in the MCG, shooting the first innings of the test match. But this should be an easy gig—take a few shots of the start line today, spend a few hours in the chopper tomorrow, then hop a flight to Hobart to await his girl's arrival. Emmett McCarty steps into the boat behind him, his normally cheerful face lined with concern. The dinghy rocks as he fumbles for balance. He might know his camera and his craft better than Edward does, but he's clearly not at home in the watercraft. "Nice day for it." He doesn't wait for a response. "How's it going, Cullen? Feeling nervous? Your girl out there?" Edward skips to the last question, answering it with a grin. "Not yet, but she'll be heading out soon." "She a contender?" McCarty asks. He tugs at the collar of his blue and white checked shirt as he takes a seat. Edward shrugs, tossing him a life jacket. "Handicap, maybe. But I doubt she's even thinking about it." "No?" Edward shakes his head. He can't fight his small, proud smile. Doesn't want to. "Do you know how many women have sailed the Hobart single-handed?" "No idea." "None." "Right." "Exactly. It's not about winning for Bella. It's about achieving her goal." … 1110 - December 26. "You're quiet," Charlies says. Even with the shadow cast by the brim of his hat, Bella can see the concern in her father's eyes. "I guess I'm just nervous." She looks away from him, over his shoulder, watching a couple with two small children waving to a yacht that's making its careful way out of the berth. Like the crew of the yacht, the family is dressed in red and white—the boys in red, the girls in white. With the two children standing in front of their parents, Bella can't help but notice how they resemble the red and white checks of the "U" flag: You are heading into danger. She shakes her head. She's never been one to believe in signs or omens, and now is no time to begin. After all, they're not exactly uncommon nautical colour choices—most of the people she's seen this morning have been dressed in some combination of red, white and blue. Charlie doesn't look convinced. "What's your gut telling you?" "All good. I'm