TITLE: Timed Collision PAIRING: Edward and Bella WORD COUNT: 8,039 SUMMARY: People can be as gentle and sweet as a summer breeze, or as mad and destructive as a hurricane's roar. To him, she was both. Disclaimer: SM owns everything Twilight related. … She was a rebel, but he looked at her as if she hung the moon. He didn't know why or how. He didn't know how it got to be the way it was. He didn't know a damn thing. The day started like all the others. He got out of bed, took a shower, and got dressed. He wore one of his many dark blue suits. He walked around his apartment while eating an apple for breakfast. After searching for his keys for twenty minutes, he left the house. It was a typical morning. The sun had been shining. He reached his office without interruptions. And there she had been, standing in front of his desk, wearing black leather from head to toe. "Hi, Edward," she said. "Long time no see." Her smirk was as sinful as her tight clothes. The glint in her brown eyes was captivating. "Isabella," he said. He walked around his desk, sat down, and set aside the papers that had been left for him. They were no longer his priority. "What are you doing here?" he asked her. She took a deep breath. "I need your help." He rolled his eyes. "Obviously." She snorted, and sat down on the corner of his desk. He tried to ignore the way she looked sitting there, or the images his libido conjured at the sight. He failed. Blood had been rushing to his cock since he walked in and saw her there. Muscle memory, maybe. "What did you do now?" he asked. "And please sit on the chair," he said, gesturing with his hand to the visitor's chair on the other side. She chuckled and shook her head, but did as he asked. "I may or may not have punched my neighbor the other day, and she may or may not be pressing charges against me," she said. He sighed. "What exactly do you want me to do?" "The same thing you always do, Edward. Get her to drop the charges," she said, twirling a lock of her hair with a finger. "Why did you punch her?" he asked, turning his laptop on. "She deserved it." "According to you, they always do." He ran his hand through his hair and stared at his desk. "What did she do?" "She accused me of stealing some shit from her backyard," she said. He looked up at her. "Did you?" "Of course not. It was that guy from around the block, Peter or something. I saw him," she said, as if he knew her neighborhood. As if he knew anything about her at all. "Did you tell her that?" he asked, searching her eyes. She didn't look away. "No. I ain't no snitch," she said. "Right." He knew she had a tendency of taking the blame for things and not selling someone out. It could've been honorable if the people she defended deserved it. Or, if she didn't get into so much trouble because of her reluctance to talk. Back in high school, the consequences were a trip to the principal's office or some detention. Now, the repercussions could be much greater. "Just get me out of this, please," she said. Her voice sounded more exasperated than pleading. She was annoyed he hadn't said yes yet. "Isabella, you need to stop getting into these predicaments," he said. Some part of him wanted to stop talking. "You know you don't mean that," she said with a smile. "If I don't get in trouble, how else are we going to see each other?" As usual, she saw right through him. No matter how much time they spent apart, she always knew how to read him, while he found himself lost in the twists and turns of her personality. He didn't have her figured out in high school. And he certainly didn't now. He took a deep breath and handed her a piece of paper and a pen. "Write the name of your neighbor and her phone number, and I'll give her a call," he said. Her smile vanished. "Um, that's going to be a tough one, sir." "Why?" "I'm not one hundred percent sure what her name is," she said. He rolled his eyes and stood up, ready to end the conversation. "I'm not sure a phone call would do it anyway. You need to talk to her face to face. Look at her with those green eyes of yours, use your charm. You know women rarely say no to you," she said. "Isabella," he said in warning. "You know I don't." She was a seductress, and he looked at her like she ruled the world. She ruled his world for sure. "I can't show up at this woman's house and flirt your charges away," he said. She chuckled, and stood up, walking around the desk to stand in front of him. "Are you still having self-esteem issues?" she asked, looking up at him. "Because I assure you, the way you look in that suit, you could end world war." Her brown eyes burned him with intensity. She was biting her lower lip, and her high heels made it easier for him to stare at her mouth. He needed to get away from her. If he were to get anything done today, he needed to get her out of his office. "Fine, I'll talk to her face to face," he said. He walked to the door and opened it, indicating that she should leave. "Don't you need the address?" she asked, frowning. "I'll find it." She nodded. Her face had a serious expression, but it was gone before she reached him. With a deliberate movement, she kissed his cheek. Her lips lingered for a moment. It made his skin tingle. He gripped the doorknob harder and didn't say a word. Finally, she was gone. He breathed a sigh of relief and ran his hands through his face wanting to wash away her presence. Her perfume lingered in the office, driving him mad. He walked out and made his way to the exit of the building. He could use the fresh air. The sound of rain falling down startled him. He didn't hear it in his office, but now the uproar from outside was impossible to ignore. Walking closer to the crystal doors, he spotted her leaning against the building. There wasn't enough covered space to protect her from the water. The wind was too strong. She had her arms wrapped around the middle of her body, facing away from him. He stepped out, and she turned her face and focused her eyes on him. He called her name, waiting until she made her way back to him. Her clothes and hair were soaking wet. There were brown curls sticking to her cheeks, yet she still looked breathtaking. She was bright, and he looked at her as if she had set the rain on fire. … After getting her back inside, he sat her down and gave her his jacket. Her body was trembling from the cold. "It wasn't supposed to rain today," she said, tightening his jacket around her. He nodded and sat down next to her, on the row of chairs outside his office. There weren't many people in the building, so they were stuck with each other and the falling rain. "For some reason, I thought you drove here," he said after a moment. She snorted. "I had to take a bus to get here. I was going to walk back home," she said. Her voice sounded small. When she allowed him to see her vulnerability, he would be taken back to a simpler time. He sighed, missing the girl he knew in high school. Even though, it had been that same girl who had broken his heart. "If you need me to, I can give you a drive home," he said. She had been checking the time on her phone. He didn't know if she was late for something or if his presence was boring her. She shook her head. "I can't ask you to do that." Without a word, he stood up and went to his office. He sent some quick emails, and made a phone call before searching for his car keys. He locked the door behind him, and walked back to her. "Come on," he said. He made his way along the corridor in the opposite direction of the entrance. She stood up, confused. "Where are we going?" The sound of her high heels on the highly polished floor couldn't be drowned out by the sound of the rain. Her steps were strong and confident. They demanded attention. "I'm driving you home and talking to this neighbor of yours," he said, as they entered the parking lot. She didn't argue. He opened the passenger door for her. She smiled a big smile in thanks. He took his time settling in the seat before driving into the streets. The rain was coming down strong, but he was used to it. It was Seattle, after all. She messed with the radio until she found a powerful song. She hummed in sync with the strong guitar chords that blasted around them. As soon as they were out of the parking lot and onto the street, they hit a line of cars. She started getting restless about five minutes into the traffic jam: biting her nails, looking out the window, moving her feet. He took the opportunity to lower the music volume. "Is this like that time with your other neighbor? The blonde one?" he asked, glancing at her. She turned to face him. "What do you mean?" He sighed. "You came to me claiming innocence, and it turned out you had slept with her husband," he said, pressing lightly on the accelerator to move forward. "I just don't understand how her husband is the one who goes searching for pussy, and I'm the one who gets her ass kicked. Makes no sense. I had to defend myself," she said. He slowed the car to a stop once more. "You didn't have to throw that portrait at her." "She didn't have to call me a slut, so I'd say that made us even," she said, taking his jacket off her shoulders. Something about the action made him look away. "Plus, it didn't even hit her that hard." "I just need to be sure you're 100% innocent here," he said. She smirked. "I swear on your holy sex hair that I am." He stared at her for a moment, and then shook his head. "Do you ever stop?" he asked, tightening his hold on the wheel. "Do you ever want me to?" She turned the volume back up, not waiting for his answer. She was an artist, and he looked at her like she had invented rock and roll. … The clouds in the sky hid the sunshine, casting darkness over the city. He tried not to be drawn by her light, but she was impossible to ignore. She had always been. She controlled the radio the entire slow-paced ride to her home. When they got out of the traffic, she started directing him. He drove into the outskirts of the city, and into a small neighborhood. "That house on the left," she said. He parked in front of it and killed the engine. He sat there, looking at the pouring rain. She chuckled. "Come on, pretty boy. You're not made of sugar," she said. Then, she opened her door and got out. He looked as she ran to the house. She didn't even bother taking his suit jacket to cover herself. Taking a deep breath, he got out. The water was cold and relentless, seeping into his clothes