TITLE: Sahaira Storm PAIRING: Edward/Bella GENRE: Romance/humor WORD COUNT: 6,731 SUMMARY: A blizzard leaves Bella trapped inside her business with an interesting client. "Bella, I need you to stop at State Beauty Supply and pick up five bottles of Pureology Hydrate Shampoo for Mrs. Cope. She'll be here at the salon to pick them up after lunch sometime. Oh, can you stop at Starbucks and get me an iced Americano with 4 extra shots? Rose wants a caramel macchiato with extra caramel sauce." I smile to myself because my best friends and business partners, Alice and Rose, call me with their Starbucks request every single morning and it never changes. Alice also never has to know that I only put one extra shot in there. The girl bounces off the walls as it is and our salon isn't big enough to give me the peacefulness I need to work when she's hyped up on coffee. When I moved to Seattle from Phoenix last year, it took some time getting used to the weather change. Coming from the dry heat of the desert where it rarely rains, to a place where it hardly stops pouring, caused me three accidents and wreaked havoc on my hair. I finally figured out (for the most part) how to tame the frizz caused by the constant moisture but am still working on the driving thing. The weather today is testing my patience. The cold November air has caused ice patches on the freeway and I kinda love my little red BMW convertible too much to wreck this one. It's been an hour since I hung up with Alice and somehow, my car and I miraculously arrive at my salon unscathed. These heels are not meant for walking on ice and I internally curse Mrs. Cope for choosing to buy shampoo yearly instead of as needed like the rest of us. Between balancing the coffee order and carrying the shampoo and extra supplies I bought at the beauty supply store, I am having some difficulties not falling on my ass due to the ice. Snowflakes are falling lightly all around me- they're pretty but I just straightened my hair this morning and fuck if I want to spend another hour redoing it. Thankfully Rose steps out to help me cart everything in. Alice is busy with a client so I place her coffee on her station and go check the appointment book. Snow and ice pretty much guarantee at least a few cancellations and I've got esthetics this week. Alice, Rose and I are all licensed cosmetologists and we trade off every week between hair, nails and skincare because none of us particularly like esthetics. It takes a special kind of person to actually enjoy waxing bikini areas every day. Actually Rose doesn't mind it when she's pissed at her husband Emmett, but unluckily for me, he seems to be treading carefully around her since his last stunt landed him in the slammer. He went on a fishing trip with his buddy Jake. They got pulled over and tried hitting on the chief of police to get out of a ticket. He told him he likes a man in uniform and then after he was arrested, he asked if he could be fingerprinted using candy because he doesn't like ink on his fingers. I felt bad for the ladies getting bikini waxes that day. My appointments for today are sparse: a bridal party coming in for facials, a few brow waxes and an E. Cullen coming in for a Brazilian wax. Why women wanted to be completely bare from front to back was beyond me, but if Ms. Cullen is willing to pay up and has the cojones to spread 'em and let me slop on wax where nobody usually wants wax, who am I to judge? I am midway through the facials when Rose asks to speak with me. Excusing myself and stepping just outside our esthetic room door, I looked over to Rose questioningly. "Bella, I'm going to take off early. I've rescheduled the few remaining pedicures and Alice is doing my last nail set for the day in about an hour. The snow is really beginning to come down out there and I still have to drive across town to pick up my monkey man from work." She looks outside the window and I follow her line of sight. There had to be at least a foot of snow out there! I look down at my watch, surprised to see that a few hours had flown by. "Yeah, that's not a problem, Rose. Just don't forget to Z out your sales from today on the merchant services. I had to do it for you yesterday and it was a bitch because I forgot to enter your tips." "No need to worry, my Bella. It's already done." She grabs her keys and heads to the door. "Drive safe out there and text or call so I know you made it home okay." "I'll try to remember but since Emmett's been making up for last month's stunt over and over and, mmmm… over again, we might not even make it out of the car." She wags her finely sculpted brows at me and we both start giggling. "I'll see you Monday." I grab a handful of extra towels and return to pampering the bride and her friends. An hour later, I am sitting at Alice's station bullshitting with her as she meticulously cleans every last one of her brushes out. I'm wondering if coffee triggers OCD because I've had to prevent her from tossing out three perfectly good brushes. We're both in between appointments and getting anxious to get outta here. My brow wax called to cancel just as I thought she would and Alice is lucky that nothing stops Old Mrs. Stanley from coming in for her weekly wash and set, because it seemed that would be her only appointment for the day. "Your two thirty perm is a no-show, Alice. It's three fifteen." She sets the brush down that she's been torturing, walks over to me and starts messing with my hair. "Ugh, I know. I was hoping she was just caught in traffic but this weather just makes everyone want to stay cozy in bed. Speaking of staying cozy, Jasper's got this friend at the firm who is single." Our eyes meet in the mirror and I internally groan. I hate how she practically sings the word single every time she's trying to hook me up. I shake my head back and forth. "You can stop right there. The answer is no. The last guy you set me up with from there took me on a date to Wal-Mart, Alice. Wal-Mart." I drag out the last part. Don't get me wrong, I love Wally World as much as the next girl. It's cheaper and it's basically one-stop shopping, but not for a date. Never as a date. "Hey! He did offer to buy you brand new make-up while you guys were there. You seriously need to stop looking at the glass half empty. Think glass half full, silver lining, and all that jazz", she says making jazz hands. "Alice, the guy picked up a bottle of Wet N Wild nail polish, in fluorescent green I might add, and said, 'I think this color would look good on you!' Seriously, I haven't worn Wet N Wild since the seventh grade." "Umm, 'A' for effort?" "Did I mention his whole reason for going to Walmart in the first place was to buy wine coolers? Wine coolers, Alice! What are we? Thirteen?" I roll my eyes and huff in frustration. "Then we were going to drive up to Lookout Point, or whatever the make-out spot here is to drink them and" I use air quotes and deepen my voice, "Yeah know, whatever else strikes our fancy." We both bust out laughing. "Yeah, I'm happy being single." I add. "Ok, so maybe not half glass full in that situation," she says sympathetically. "You think?" I am trying not to be snarky but it is really hard to see the bright side and stay hopeful when you get set up with someone who really wants to be a thirteen- year-old girl. "Well, if you change your mind, I know Tyler will be more than happy to take you out. I swear he has more class in his pinky than James has altogether. Anyhow, I am going to head out since Lauren hasn't shown up for her perm. Maybe she climbed in her time machine and went back to 1989. Are you okay locking up?" "Yeah, go ahead and get out of here. I just have a wax coming in at five and then I'll be going home myself." Grabbing the remote, I decide if I'm going to be stuck here alone for a couple hours, I might as well catch up on my Grey's Anatomy. I am just finishing folding all the towels and reorganizing the color closet when I hear someone enter the front. Turning off Grey's, I throw on my best Colgate smile and double-check myself in the mirror to make sure I don't have raccoon eyes before walking down the hallway. "Welcome to Sahaira! I'm Bella, you must be Ms. Cull…?" I start to say as I round the corner. I stop dead in my tracks because standing in our reception area is clearly not Ms. Cullen, unless she is over six feet tall and has a five o'clock shadow. He is, however, the most attractive guy I've ever seen in real life. As I stand there gawking, he smirks as he walks over to me, takes off his gloves and holds out his hand. "I'm Edward Cullen, and I have a five o'clock appointment here." We shake and I notice how soft his hands are. This guy must use paraffin treatments daily, because his hands are softer than mine. My mind starts absorbing every extensive detail about those fingers. What the hell is wrong with me? Shake it off . Deep breath. Then realization hits me like a shit-ton of bricks. Oh my god, I am going to have to WAX his… Pull it together, Bella. You are a professional. "Oh, umm yeah, I will be doing your services today. Go ahead and step into that room over there and put on a robe. You can hang up your clothes on the hooks inside and don't worry about anybody going through your pockets or anything. You are my very last appointment for the day." I show him over to our changing room and go lock the front door as he gets ready. Our esthetic room is towards the back and I don't want anyone coming in and wandering around while I'm busy working. Okay, Bella, you are a professional. Find your center, inhale calm and relaxation, exhale anxiety and discomfort. In… Out… I complete four cycles of this breathing when his throat clears behind me. I turn around and am met with jade green eyes and a panty-dropping smirk. "Are you ready, Mr. Cullen?" "Always. The question is: are YOU ready, Bella?" He unties his robe and then says, "Oh, and please call me Edward." "Okay Edward, you can go ahead and lie down on the chair and open up your robe when you are ready to get started." I turn around to push play on Rose's New Age relaxation mix, hoping that my new friend Edward here would change his mind about the Brazilian and start up small talk instead. "So, I'm just going to explain to you what I'm doing as we go. This is just as awkward for me as it is for you so there's no need to be embarrassed. I'm using hard wax because the skin down there is too sensitive for honey wax." I turn around to face him to start the process and freeze when I