TITLE: Winter in My Heart PAIRING : Bella/Edward GENRE : Angst/Romance WORD COUNT: 9925 SUMMARY: The fiercest storms are those that live inside us. "I've been lost for so long. Maybe I need to be found." "I don't want to marry a boy, Daddy." Gracie is resolute, too serious for four years old, and much too young to talk about boys. "What makes you think you have to get married, Little Bug?" "Because we watched The Little Mermaid today, and Mommy said that when little girls grow up, they marry boys and go away, like at the end. And I don't wanna. I was sad Ariel had to leave her Daddy." I know she'll change her mind, and in ten years or less, I'll be arguing with her about whether or not she's allowed to date. I'll be on high alert, wishing for these moments, when she's here with me, safe in her tower, always my little princess. "You'll never have to leave. Not if you don't want to, Princess. I swear it." I startle awake, sweat-soaked and panting, choking on tears. My first instinct is to run to find Faith, to hold her, to make sure she's real. Because I can't touch Grace anymore. And it's ripping me apart. Then I remember. Faith isn't here either. The desperation and sorrow, the guilt and shame that eat at me every day, root down a little bit deeper. I push myself out from under dampened sheets and cross the cold bare floor. There's no use trying to sleep now. Even if I managed it, I'd just dream of her again and be right back here. She's coming to me more and more now. This is the third time this week. Being here, being near Bella and near our old home, it's doing things to me. It's changing me. I push thoughts of my lost little girl out of my mind. I don't think about what happens when you die. I ignore the argument I constantly have with myself. There's my brain - the rational, scientific part of me telling me there's nothing, we die, and we're gone. And then there's my heart. That living, beating part of me that swears Gracie could never be gone from this world forever. It's too dull, too empty without her. No God would be so cruel. I stretch and shuffle, cramped from restless nights, and head out of the sleeping quarters that consist of a few small beds and a row of lockers. I didn't bother changing out of my scrubs, so the only transition for me from one unrelaxed state to another is the blaring brightness of the fluorescent bulbs. When I get out to the nurses' station, I pour a cup of coffee that's been sitting too long. One of the RNs offers to make a fresh pot, but I simply smile and lie. "I like it this way." The emergency room is quiet, most likely caused by the almost-blizzard outside. It's nearly silent, the hushed whispers and squeaky, soft steps of nurses blending with the beeps and drips of machines, interrupted only by the occasional ringing phone. All the TVs are on mute, and the LPN is sleeping upright at her desk. I cross the empty lobby and look out a window to a scene that is strikingly familiar: white snow, fogged glass, blurred vision. My knees nearly buckle, and I must still be dreaming because I can see her walking to the sliding doors. But she couldn't be here. Not again. It's an apparition. The doors slip open, and cold bursts in, whipping her dark brown hair up and around her face. It's almost as pale as the last time I saw her like this. "Bella?" I whisper, hoping this isn't real. She turns slowly, her chocolate brown eyes finding mine and emptying to blank slates before me. This isn't a dream, because she fades to an even more ghostly grey when our eyes meet. The shell of a person that used to be mine takes two steps in my direction, then collapses onto sterile white tile. I'm frozen. Hot coffee in hand, eyes wide, muscles locked. I'm unable, ill-equipped, and begging not to handle what's happening. The RN yelps, and the room leaps to life. They rush to Bella, shouting out orders. I find myself in the middle of an emergency, the area of my expertise, and once again, I'm impotent. My eyes sting. The LPN grabs my arm and shakes me. "Dr. Cullen!" Hot black liquid spills and burns my fingers, and it's enough, because I drop the cup where I stand and rush to Bella's side. I pretend not to know the lips that are dry, unmoving purple-grey. I imagine the mahogany hair isn't hers. When I shine my penlight into her pupils, I scream at myself, It's just another patient. With these constant reminders, constant lies, I can treat her. She's got a gash in her arm that's wrapped in a kitchen towel soaked in blood. White and red checkered terry cloth that used to be in the kitchen we shared is dripping the color of merlot. When the nurse pulls it back, the blood that should pulse, flow freely from a cut so big, is only a drip, and we might be too late. "Bella, fuck!" What did you do, what did you do, what did you do? I only whisper her name, but the nurse hears. Now she knows that somehow, I know the patient. Her eyes fill with sympathy, and she touches my arm. "Let me call Carlisle. He's on call. He'll be here in fifteen." No . I want to say it out loud, but I can't. I just shake my head. It will take him longer because of the roads, and I can fix this. I need to fix this. My hands shake as I start with my instructions. She'll need blood and stitches, and I can't remember what her blood type is. I can't remember. I want to flip the switch. I want to be Dr. Cullen. But I'm Edward, and I'm losing another of my girls. My cheeks are wet when I turn to the nurse. "Start her on a transfusion. Clean the cut. Get her stitched up and in a room." She nods. I turn to walk away, stomach soured and churning, my mind numb. Before I shut down, I turn back and add, "And call Charlie Swan. And mental health services." I don't watch to be sure she agrees. I push myself, one step at a time, to the sleeping quarters where I was earlier, straight through to a private bathroom. I barely make it to a stall before bitter acidic coffee and bile race up my throat. I empty my stomach, dry heaving until I shake. When my stomach muscles ache and I can't hold myself up any longer, I slide down, deflate, collapse and give in under the weight of it all. I let go. My rage and grief and sorrow come screaming up from my lungs, and I curse and yell and slam my fist into the door of the stall, the sounds of my aggression bouncing back to me off bare walls. I curl up against porcelain and kick at the flimsy sheetrock, leaving heel-shaped indentations. I'm exhausted, sorrowful and guilt-ridden, and finally the anger gives way to tears. I fist my hair in my hands and cry. I cry for Grace. I cry for Bella. I cry for myself. But I can't blame her. At this moment, if I had a knife and the courage, I'd do it too. I lean my head against the plastic stall, tilting my face back until the lights above blind me. They flood and fill my vision with nothing but brightness, and I'm helpless to stop the slow, sickening playback of memories I can't forget. I surveyed the raging snow through the ice-misted doors of the ER, my bleary eyes making the parking lot blur into nothing more than a field of pure white. I imagined how Grace would play in all that snow - how she'd ask me to make snow angels with her so she could have a Daddy and a daughter pair, and how she'd ask for extra marshmallows in her hot chocolate to 'keep her warm'. I smiled, thinking of the puppy-eyed look that made her so dangerous, but it faded when I saw the clock in the corner. Eight p.m. I was meant to be home hours ago, but the snow had stopped more than one doctor from arriving, and I'd been forced to stay, breaking my promise that I'd be home to tuck Grace into bed. I wondered if she and Bella would be warm enough, whether the drafty rooms of our house would allow heat to circulate. My eyebrows pinched together as I pictured them shivering in the frigid air. The ER doors opened then, jolting me from my mental images - not that I needed them, because suddenly Bella was in front of me, her wind-flushed nose seeming pale in contrast to the dark red rimming her wet eyes. I moved toward her so fast I almost stumbled, the sharp gusts blowing through the open doors not the only thing causing me to shake. " What is it, baby?" I asked, running my hands over her to check for injuries even though she'd run inside. "Are you hurt? What's going on?" She cried harder than I'd seen someone cry before, her attempts at words more like mangled wails. She was breathing too fast, too hard, taking in gulp after gulp of air and getting nothing but sobs out. I felt her knees buckle and her weight sag. All I could do was hold her upright. " Bella, please!" I saw an empty hospital bed being wheeled into one of the spaces of the ER, doctors and nurses rushing toward it. They were moving fast, but it seemed slow, like they were trying to wade through sludge. Everything had slowed except my frantic mind, trying to make sense of what was happening. My eyes darted around from Bella to the empty bed and back again, gripping her arms so tight it had to hurt. " Bella, what is it?" She just continued to hunch her shoulders as they quaked with sobs, indecipherable noises coming out of her mouth. I turned back to the bed desperately, and that was when I saw a tiny bundle at the very top. My eyes skimmed across it fast, too fast, but still painfully, agonizingly slowly. The pieces slotted into place, trickling like molasses and then rushing in like a breaking tide. First was the glimpse of a princess watch strapped on a pale, limp wrist, then the stark contrast of bright copper curls against the starched white pillowcase, a bright pink bow askew by her temple. I stood in the middle of the bustling, noisy ER, feeling like I was drowning. " Grace?" I tried to shout, but my voice was barely above a whisper. "Gracie?" I turned toward Bella. "Tell me it's not her, Bella. God, please. " " She just… she stopped breathing." My own breath stopped. "She was blue and I couldn't… couldn't remember how to do those chest compressions." She coughed and spluttered through sobs, like the words were enough to choke her. They were choking me instead, like a hand closing around my windpipe. " How long?" Her face twisted further, red and damp and sorrow-filled. " Five… five minutes. Maybe more. I tried to do CPR, like you showed me, but my arms… they kept shaking and slipping. And she was so cold, Edward, and I couldn't…" She stopped, shivered, slumped into me. " She'll be okay, right? She'll be okay. You can save her," she begged. I wrapped my arms around her tight, her body vibrating with sadness as it met mine. I locked eyes with one