TITLE: Riptide PAIRING: Bella/Rosalie GENRE: Romance/Angst AUTHOR NAME: S 11 LINK TO YOUR FFN PROFILE: WORD COUNT: 5979 SUMMARY: Seeking inspiration for her newest novella, bestselling author Rosalie Hale travels to Santa Catalina Island. What happens during her stay at Twilight by the Sea is completely unexpected, but more so for Isabella Cullen—the owner of the aforementioned resort. Both women learn that much can happen in one week, invoking a riptide of emotions to overcome them. It was a sunny afternoon in Santa Catalina Island while Isabella Cullen prepared for Rosalie Hale's arrival. As the owner of Twilight by the Sea, a beach cottage resort by the marina, she was in charge of making sure that everything was ready and done as her guest had requested. Her small crew of four worked extra hard that Sunday, tidying the six cottages that were available for rent to customers. Yet Emmett, one of Isabella's employees, wasn't too happy about it and he had no qualms voicing his displeasure. "Are you even sure that she's gonna use all of the cottages? She's only going to be here by herself." Isabella shook her head. "That doesn't matter, Em. Mrs. Hale asked that all the cottages be available to her, so whether she uses them or not is not our problem; they simply have to be ready and clean. End of the discussion , you understand?" "Yes, boss," he annoyingly retorted, "whatever you say." "Exactly, you do whatever I say, so lose the attitude," she warned. "And please, please promise me to be on your best behavior while Mrs. Hale is here, okay?" Emmett waggled his brows. "What is she wants me to misbehave with her?" "You know what?" Isabella said exasperatedly. "I don't want you here this coming week." " What ?!" he exclaimed. "Why?" "Because I don't want you accosting her, alright? I know you, Em, and the last thing I need is for you to give the resort a bad rep." Emmett gasped in mock shock, but before he could say anything else, Isabella did. "Shut it, kid." She gave him a pointed look. "Like I said, I know you ." It was rather amusing that Isabella referred to Emmett as a kid given that at his 6'5" height, he was easily at least a foot taller than her, yet she called him that because he was younger than her, but more than anything since he truly behaved like a child. "Fine, whatever," he grumbled. "You're still paying me." "I am," Isabella sighed. "Just stay away from here for the following week." "Paid vacation," Emmett boomed, smirking. "I like the sound of that!" Isabella stood in place, shaking her head as he walked away and resumed his task. For a brief moment, she wondered how she was going to survive the rest of week without his help if Mrs. Hale actually did use all the cottages at the resort. None of the other crewmembers would be around to help her due to Mrs. Hale's request that she be attended by as few people as possible. Sometimes celebrities are too demanding , Isabella thought. Well, Rosalie Hale wasn't exactly a celebrity per se, but as a bestselling author, she was definitely popular, and anonymity was something that she was seeking. That's why she had chosen the remote island in California to vacation while she wrote her next novella. Rosalie hoped that the warm weather there would help her relax and serve her as inspiration given that the rain in her native Rochester dispirited her. She had packed a multitude of bathing suits and sundresses that she imagined she'd wear to Descanso Beach if the opportunity arose. Or maybe she'd go there to write, although she'd have to camouflage herself in order to not be recognized by tween fangirls that read her books and knew who she was. She didn't dwell thinking about that, however; she was determined to make the most out of her week at Twilight by the Sea. ~·Monday·~ After an hour-long ferry ride from San Pedro to Avalon, Rosalie finally got to her destination. She'd had flown into California the night before, but since her flight took six hours long, she'd just made it to the island a little past noon. Thankfully, the resort's owner had scheduled a cab to pick her up, so not having to wait for it had been pleasant. Talk about customer service, Rosalie thought. Pulling up to the resort's curb, the taxi driver got out and helped Rosalie with her luggage, following after her as they approached the entrance. As they did so, Rosalie noticed a brunette woman waiting for her there. She seemed to be in her late twenties—petite and dressed casually in shorts and a tank top—with an air of authority that surrounded her. Rosalie was certainly intrigued by her, but she tried not to show it. The woman stepped forward, greeting Rosalie. "Welcome to Twilight by the Sea, Mrs. Hale. My name is Isabella Cullen, and I'll be glad to help you with anything you need during your stay." As Rosalie took the extended hand that Isabella offered, she smiled at her and took a moment to appraise Isabella. While doing so, Rosalie became entranced by Isabella's chocolate brown eyes and the peculiar freckles underneath them; her long hair matched in color, falling in waves around her oval face. What captivated Rosalie the most, though, was Isabella's content smile—it truly expressed the passion she felt for her job. "Nice to meet you, Isabella," Rosalie said. "And thank you for sending someone to get me." Isabella smiled at the cab driver. "Well, Waylon here offered to help me since my regular staff isn't around as you requested." "Was that too much trouble for you?" Rosalie asked, chagrined. "No, not at all," Isabella told her. "My working crew is very small, so there's really no reason for them to be around if they aren't needed. The only person that will be coming in is the housekeeper; I hope there is no problem with that." Rosalie shook her head. "Of course not, and if you need anyone else, please feel free to call them in. I thought there'd be more people around, hence my silly request." "I wouldn't consider it silly given all the social media nowadays and your need for secrecy—which I completely understand, Mrs. Hale." "Please call me Rosalie, Isabella; 'Mrs. Hale' sounds much too formal." Isabella smiled abashedly and said, "So does 'Isabella,' so please, call me Bella, Rosalie." All the while, Waylon stood by, watching their first encounter as he patiently waited for them to be done. "Okay, well, let me show you to your cottage," Isabella said, leading them to the third house on the right. Rosalie's face lit up as she remembered the cottage that she'd requested while making her reservation. As she'd looked at the photos on the lodge's website, she had been fascinated by them, convincing her that this lodge was the place where she needed to stay. As Waylon set her bags down, she took a moment to look around the house's living room. "Wow, this is amazing, Bella," Rosalie told her. "I knew that the house would be beautiful, but the pictures on your website certainly don't make it justice." "Thank you," Isabella replied, blushing slightly. "We do try our best to give our customers the best, and you are definitely not an exception." It was Rosalie's turn to blush. "Thanks." "Well, if that will be all, I'll be on my way," Waylon told them. "How much do I owe you for the cab ride?" Rosalie asked him. Waylon shook his head, smiling. "It was on the house." "No, Waylon," Isabella interjected. "I told you I was going to pay you." "And I said it was on the house, so don't worry about it, Bells." "You stubborn, old man," Isabella grumbled, "always doing things your way." "Well," Rosalie said, handing him a twenty-dollar bill, "at least allow me to tip you properly." She covered his hand with hers as he tried to give it back. "Please," she said. "It's truly the least I could do." Waylon grinned at her. "Thank you, Miss," he said, tipping his head before making his exit. Isabella looked over at Rosalie and said, "Well, I'll be on my way, too. I just wanted to let you know that you're more than welcome to join me for dinner later if you'd like, since meals are included in your package, but you're also not obligated to do so." "Thanks, Bella." Rosalie smiled. "I think I'll pass for tonight since I want to head into town, but I'll most definitely join you for breakfast tomorrow morning. At what time shall I join you?" "Anytime after nine is good," Isabella replied. "That gives me enough time to prepare and set everything up." "Alright, I'll be there at that time," Rosalie promised. "Okay, well, I'll see you at the main house, then," was Isabella's reply, marking her exit from the cottage. Rosalie then proceeded to go around the house, observing all the small details inside it. One of the first things she'd noticed when she entered was its openness and the great deal of light that came into the living room through several large windows. The décor had a shabby chic feel to it with its white furniture and matching wood-beamed ceiling, as well as the light turquoise painted walls that held framed images of the sea. On the opposite wall from the entrance, there was also a sliding glass door which led to a small, enclosed patio. Skipping on looking outside, Rosalie headed to her room, passing the small kitchen that looked similar to the living room in its furnishings. When she reached her destination, Rosalie gasped. She found herself at a loss for words to describe its beauty, and for her, that was saying something. Following in the same pattern as the rest of the house, the room contained a white wooden bedroom set that was adorned by simple, yet elegant, maritime details such as seashells and starfish. Rosalie was astounded by how much detail had been put into every room, knowing that Isabella had been behind it. It was at that moment, that Rosalie knew she had made the right choice by staying at Twilight by the Sea. After she unpacked all her belongings, Rosalie took a shower and got ready to explore the small town. Her plans were to eat dinner and then maybe catch a movie at the Avalon Theatre before returning and maybe getting a head start on her writing. ~·Tuesday·~ Isabella hummed as she moved around in her kitchen while preparing breakfast. She was playing it safe by making her signature french toast in hopes that Rosalie would like it. Rosalie , Isabella thought. God, she's so beautiful. Isabella had certainly never met someone like her, and it wasn't because of her looks—although that had to do a lot with it—it was the poise with which Rosalie carried herself. From the way she spoke, one could clearly note that she was well educated, yet that didn't seem to be something that Rosalie liked to flaunt. From the first encounter over the phone that they'd had, Isabella had been able to deduce what Rosalie was like, but she had never expected her to be as stunning as she was. Rosalie's long, blonde hair framed the most intense grey eyes Isabella had ever seen, and her bright smile lit up the room whenever she was in it. That caused Isabella the desire to make her laugh as much as possible just as long as she could see it. It hadn't crossed Isabella's mind to do a Google search on her, despite the fact that it was something very common nowadays. Although, now that they'd actually met in person, that had changed. Isabella was truly fascinated by Rosalie, and she wanted to know everything about her that she could. "Good morning,"