Hello there.This is my very first time attempting a Song Fic. So bear with me as I work my way through this. And if you would be so kind to review at the end, I would really appreciate it. =D The song is "Brothers" by Dean Brody. It is a modern song so... yeah... This little story takes place quite a few years before Fellowship of the Ring... Disclaimers- I DON'T own Any part of Lord of the Rings. All the stuff you may recognize from the trilogy belongs to the mastermind of the amazing story, JRR Tolkien. Tendrils of sunlight snaked their way across the breath taking city of Minas Tirith, signaling the approach of dawn. The first light of a new day. The thin streaks of light glowed softly upon the newly trained soldiers of Gondor. Hundreds of young soldiers were slowly gathering, checking supplies, saddling horses, and bidding farewell to loved ones and home. They were getting ready to leave on their first mission in service of their country. While many early risers in the city crowded around the young soldiers to cheer them on and wish them luck, there were some who hid and watched with dread. Among those who were dreading this mission was ten year old Faramir of Gondor. Son of Denethor. Second in line to the Stewardship. And younger brother to Boromir of Gondor, one of the new soldiers preparing to leave. The house was like a tomb. I was hiding in my room. As my brother made his way on down the hall. Faramir was hiding under his blankets, trying to stop his oncoming tears from overflowing. This day was a happy day for his brother. One that Boromir had been waiting for since his youngest days. But Faramir didn't feel his brother's enthusiasm and excitement. Instead, he had been dreading this day ever since he was old enough to understand the workings of the military. He was afraid for his brother. What if Boromir didn't come back from this mission? What if he would never see him again? What if just like their mother, Boromir became cold and pale, never to open his eyes again? The thought of never seeing his brother again nearly broke the dam Faramir was trying so hard to keep intact. He shivered and buried his face in his blankets. Fear was blossoming in his chest, so much that he felt truly afraid. So very afraid that the tears he were holding back threatened to spill. Faramir clenched his eyes shut. He wouldn't cry, he couldn't cry. He was a son of the Steward and he had to be brave, just like his brother. Suddenly, the sound of a pair of booted feet drifted through his closed door and Faramir froze. It was Boromir, he knew it. He quickly pretended to be asleep. Faramir didn't want to see his brother, for he knew he would never be able to keep his fear from showing. It would certainly ruin Boromir's grand day if voiced his dread and let the tears spill. The door to his room creaked open and Faramir waited, hardly daring to breathe. Moments later, the door clicked shut. I didn't want to say goodbye. And I was trying to deny there was a war, And that he got the call. Faramir sighed in relief and opened his eyes, checking to see that Boromir was truly gone. He didn't want to say good-bye. That sounded too final, and he wouldn't have the courage anyway. Sighing loudly, he closed his eyes and dove into a pool of wishful thoughts. If only these were peaceful times. If only Mordor or Sauron never existed. If only his brother didn't have to go to war. Then everything would be perfect. He wouldn't have to worry about losing his beloved brother and other little brothers out there wouldn't have to either. Faramir was broken out of his reverie when the sound of a battle horn split the air, boosting the soldiers' courages. I watched him from my window Walking down the drive. Then I ran down the stairway Through the front door and I cried Wrenching open his cobalt eyes, Faramir sat up in bed. He could no longer deny the inevitable, his brother was going to war. Silently, the tears he had so valiantly held back began to spill onto his cheeks. Slipping his feet into the boots by his bedside, Faramir ran to his window and leaned out as far as he dared. He immediately spotted Boromir in the courtyard below, paying respect to the White Tree. His brother's hair was sparkling lightly in the sunlight and he stood with such an air of command and nobility that Faramir felt a rush of pride as well as grief. This was Gondor's most treasured child being sent out to war. As he watched, Boromir turned to look at the grand buildings surrounding the courtyard, as if he was giving home one last loving glance. Boromir's gaze lingered on Faramir's window for a brief moment. Faramir's breath caught. He couldn't see Boromir's expression from here, but he felt a distant spark of sadness through their extraordinary bond. A second later, Boromir turned away and began his way across the courtyard toward the tunnel that led to the levels below. At the same moment, the little ten year old boy at the window choked out a sob. Turning away from the window, Faramir made a mad dash for the door. Not even bothering to wipe his tears in fear of being seen by his father. He didn't even bother to put on warmer clothing, for he was dressed only in thin sleep garments. Ignoring the rule of no running in the hallways, Faramir dashed past cold marble statues, desperate to catch his brother. He rounded a corner and saw Boromir's retreating figure far up ahead. "Boromir!" he called as he stepped into the sunlight. At the same moment, another horn sounded, drowning out his call. Despaired, Faramir felt more tears fall from his eyes as he urged himself to go faster. "Boromir!" he called again as he streaked across the courtyard. By some chance, Boromir finally heard him and stopped in his tracks. Faramir continued his desperate run as his brother turned around. Seeing his little brother, Boromir felt a sudden surge of happiness and he opened his arms. When there was only a few feet between them, Faramir launched himself into his brother's waiting arms, putting all of his trust into his brother to catch him. And as always, Boromir caught him. You come back you hear? And I let him see my tears I said I'll give you my rookie of DiMaggio. I'll do anything you want, Clean your room, or wash your car. I'll do anything so long as you don't go. But he said, this is what brothers are for. Gasping for air and sobbing hysterically at the same time, Faramir clung to his big brother as if he would disappear any moment. Boromir's surge of happiness was immediately crushed and replaced by concern for his undersized brother. Holding him tightly to his chest and running a soothing hand through his hair, Boromir tried to calm his brother, to no avail. "What is it, little one?" Boromir asked soothingly. "What's wrong?" "I don't want you to go!" Faramir choked out between sobs. "Don't go, please don't go!" He couldn't help it, he had to voice his fears. Boromir was silent for a few moments and Faramir sobbed harder, knowing he had ruined his beloved brother's big day. "Oh, Fari..." Boromir started, using a nickname. Faramir forced himself to let go of his tight hold and lean back to look Boromir in the face. "I'm sorry," Faramir wailed, "I'm sorry I had to ruin your day. Sorry. I'm so sorry." "Shh...," Boromir whispered and pulled his brother back to him, kissing him gently and holding him tighter. "You haven't done anything wrong. Don't apologize. It's okay, everything will be okay." He stood there,holding and murmuring words of comfort to his little brother, while blocking out the rising sun that was urging him to hurry. So what if he was late? He wouldn't leave his brother while he was suffering. A few minutes later, Faramir's sobs had weakened to a slight sniffle and Boromir let out a tiny breath in relief. Their moment of peace was broken by another horn call and Boromir tensed, he had to go. "No," Faramir said. "Don't go, Boromir, don't go. I'll do anything you ask. I'll polish your sword, write your reports, groom your horse, clean your room, anything! Just please, don't go! Don't go, don't go." The horn sounded once again and Boromir let out a heavy sigh. He pushed Faramir off his shoulder so he could look him in the eye. "I'm sorry, little one, you know I have to. As sons of the Steward, we both have a duty to fulfill." "But what if you don't come back?" Faramir asked, his blue eyes brimming with tears as he searched his brother's green-grey ones. Kissing away the few fallen tears on Faramir's cheek, Boromir held his brother's gaze and said, "I will come back. I promise you." "What if you don't?" Faramir asked again. "Then I'll still be with you forever. But I will come back. I promise you." "Okay, brother, I believe you," Faramir said at last. When the horn below sounded once again, a last warning, Boromir reluctantly set Faramir down on the ground. "I have to go now, little brother," he said, his eyes sad. "Be brave for me." With one last hug and a kiss to his head, Boromir turned away and began to make his way out. Faramir watched his brother go with a little less dread in his heart. His brother had promised. But he had one last thing to say. "Boromir, wait!" he called and sprinted to his brother's side. Throwing his arms around the person he loved the most in the world, he sincerely said, "I love you." Boromir smiled broadly, "As I love you, dear brother. It's what brothers are for." Faramir stepped back from his brother and gave him a smile in return. The Hurin brothers shared a brief look of utter love and devotion for each other before the elder turned away for the last time. When his brother had disappeared from view, Faramir ran to the ramparts and from there, he watched as the soldiers rode out of the city with cheering crowds behind them. His brother was in the lead riding proud and tall while behind him, the banner of Gondor flew in the wind. As Faramir watched, Boromir raised the legendary Horn of Gondor to his lips and blew a heart wrenching yet majestic note. "Please be safe," Faramir whispered as he watched the last of the riders disappear from view. Well I have my heroes, But the one I love the most Taught me how to hunt and swing a bat. And I wrote him every night, I said I miss our pillow fights, But lately I just wonder where you're at. Days later, Faramir sat on the rug by the window, playing with his wooden soldiers. He had created an epic battle that was coming to the end. The hero of his story was just about to win the war when he suddenly sighed heavily. With a dull thud, the wooden soldier in his hand fell to the floor. Pulling his knees up to his chest, Faramir wrapped his arms around his legs and rested his head against his knees. He could play with the soldiers all he wants, create heroes any time, but none of it would bring Boromir back sooner. And that was what he was trying to do, keeping his mind off his brother so it wouldn't seem like such a long time. His imaginary heroes may be valiant and courageous in his