CHAPTER ONE - FIRST TIME "Honey, are you sure?" My mother asked me, as we stood in front of the security line at the airport. She managed to sound sincere, even though I knew she was glad I was leaving. "Yeah, mom. I think a change will be good." That wasn't a lie. I needed to get the fuck out of Phoenix. "I know your father will be glad to see you." "Yeah." "Well. Call me if you need anything. I love you sweetie." "You too." She walked away, turning to wave after a few steps. I was surprised when I felt the first sting of abandonment. It was afterall, my choice to move in with my father. And besides that, my relationship with my mother hadn't been great recently. We had been so close- more best friends than mother and daughter. Mark that as another thing that was taken from me. I got through security and boarded without issue. The three hour flight went by quickly, and all too soon I was in Seattle. My dad was standing outside the security gates. He looked just the same, except maybe a little older. His cheeks were flushed from the cold and he was smiling. I hoped it wasn't forced. I had seen that too much over the past three months "Welcome home, Bella." Then he stepped forward and we had a very awkward and thankfully very brief hug. "Thanks dad." We didn't really do the small talk thing, but as we walked to the parking he asked me about the flight, how my mom was doing, and where I was thinking of applying to school next year. My answers were: long, great and I'm not sure yet. I could tell he was avoiding the big question. "Why?" There were other questions too, I'm sure. "Are you still crazy?" "Will I come home to find you bleeding in the bathtub, just like your mom did?" I know he came to see me in the hospital. I vaguely remember his chocolate brown eyes ringed red. That was when I was too drugged up to do much of anything. My mom told me later that he stayed with me for three days before being called back to Washington for work. I searched for the pity in his eyes- or worse, the fear. That was the way my mom looked at me now. I knew it was my fault, but still. I looked out the window into the lush green forest. Everything looked so alive, even in January. I might be able to live with this. Even the rain wasn't so bad, really, except for what it was doing to my hair. That was another gift from Charlie- curls that never seemed to behave. I could tame it somewhat in the dry heat of Phoenix, but considering the humidity, I saw a lot of messy buns in my future. As we turned onto Charlie's street he spoke again. "I got you a little homecoming present." That was unexpected. He must really be excited to have me here. As we approached the house I saw my gift. An old Chevy truck at least thirty years older than I was. I guess Charlie saw my expression and started talking rapidfire. "It used to be Billy Black's- he's in a wheelchair now so he can't drive it, but it runs great," as if sensing my skepticism he went on. "Really! Jacob- remember him? That's Billy's boy. He rebuilt the engine so you won't have any issues with that." I got out of the cruiser- Charlie is Chief Swan to the people of Forks, and examined my gift. To my surprise, I was kind of into it. It looked clunky but it had a little retro charm. "I love it Dad." He looked a little surprised. "Really?" "Yeah. Thank you." I meant it. My room was the same as I had left it, two summers ago. The only new additions were a brand new comforter and a coordinating lamp. Charlie gestured to the bed, "I hope you like it. I had the lady at the store pick it out and I thought you liked blue." He was looking a little embarrassed again. "It's great Dad. Thank you." For everything , I added in my head. "No problem. I'll let you get sorted out in here." With that he walked downstairs and flipped on the TV. I didn't bother unpacking. The day had been too long for me. I coped by crawling under the covers and falling into a deep sleep. I was in the woods outside Charlie's house. It was dark outside, and only a sliver of moon was visible in the sky. I didn't know why I was here, but I needed to be. I closed my eyes and took in a deep breathe, revelling in the feeling that everything was okay. Then, a twig snapped behind me and I saw those eyes, glowing red and then- I woke up in a cold sweat. Same fucking dream every night. Sometimes the setting would change, but the eyes never did. I was just grateful I had stopped screaming myself awake. A quick look at the clock informed me that it was 4:45AM. Too early to get ready for my first day, but I knew there was no way I could fall asleep again. I got up and rifled through my suitcase until I found my shower bag and made my way to the bathroom. I spent a long time under the too-hot water, trying to wash away the remains of my dream. When I got back to my room I surveyed my appearance in the long mirror attached to my closet door. My long brown hair hung down in its natural waves around my face. I looked so washed out, no color at all, plus all the weight I lost in the hospital made my cheeks look hollow. I popped on some mascara, eyeliner and some tinted chapstick just so I didn't look like a total zombie. I used to be a total makeup junkie, but I just didn't have the energy anymore. I pulled on a pair of worn jeans and the least wrinkled shirt from my suitcase. And with that, I was ready for my first day at Forks High. And with only an hour and a half to spare! I made my way downstairs, and Charlie was already up, eating breakfast. He looked up at me and asked, "Hey, aren't teenagers supposed to sleep in?" "Not this one," I said with a smile. He was trying. We made small talk as I tried to choke down some cereal and then switched to watching the local news. "Bella?" my dad asked, "It's time for school." "Did I fall asleep?" "Yeah, for a couple minutes." He gave me directions to school, promising that it was a straight shot from the highway. I grabbed my bag and was halfway out the door before I heard him say, "Good luck Bells." "Thanks Dad!" I called back. I was certainly going to need it. My truck started just fine, suprising me a little. It ran great too, even if it was noisier than I would've liked. The radio worked too, and I adjusted the station, trying to find something good, while I drove. I flipped through the stations, from generic pop to gospel until I found an okay alternative station. The high school was easy enough to find, straight off the highway like Charlie had said. It was strange though. Instead of the multi-level, gray building with chain link fences and a metal detector that had been my school in Phoenix, this was almost homey. It was laid out in a series of small brick buildings with little breezeways stretching out between them. I drove around until I found the building labelled office and parked in what I could only assume was the student parking lot. I grabbed my backpack and made my way inside, ready to face my new school. The office itself reminded me of the school. It was decorated the inside of a grandmother's home, complete with pillows that had inspirational sayings embroidered on them and a handknit afghans on the little couch by the door. The woman at the desk had a shock of orange hair that was piled in a bun at the top of her head. I imagined her living room looked a lot like the office. "How can I help you, dear?" "I'm Bella Swan, and I'm-" She cut me off excitedly, "Oh, Isabella! Everyone's been expecting you. You know your father has been so happy these past few weeks, talking all about you,," Oh God. That meant everyone had heard about me. I could only hope embarrassing school pictures hadn't been involved. "Here's a map of campus," she had highlighted the way to my classes. I liked her already. "Thank you." I said with a smile. "My pleasure sweetheart. And here's your schedule. Just have your teachers sign this sheet right here," She indicated to one of many pieces of paper in the folder she was holding, "And just bring it back here at the end of the day, alright?" She passed the folder over to me. "Yes m'am." This was all a bit overwhelming. She smiled at me, waving as I left. Forks High was tiny. I liked the anonymity of the city. It didn't matter that I was an anxious mess most of the time. It meant no one noticed when I stopped showing up to school. Everyone blended in with the crowd, and that was how I liked it. I was already expecting a bit of a spectacle today. Forks High School had a total of 357 students, and didn't often see newcomers. I couldn't blend into the crowd here, no matter how badly I wanted to. My first class was English with Mr. Masen. I stuck to my map and found my way there with time to spare before the first bell rung. The teacher was nice too, giving me the reading list and a syllabus. The list was great, actually. Some Plath, Fitzgerald, Shakespeare and even some poetry. My favorite though was Catcher in the Rye. I wasn't a big fan of Holden (a little too whiny for my taste) but I was infatuated with Salinger's writing style. Franny and Zooey was easily in my top ten books list. I had already covered the material they were discussing today in an AP class last year, but I was grateful for the break. Class was over all too soon. After the bell rang a guy with longish black hair and almond shaped eyes came up to me. "You must be Isabella." Wow, news does travel fast here. "Just Bella is fine." Shit, was that rude? I don't want to be that asshole from Phoenix. Thankfully, the boy took it in stride. "Oh, okay got it. Bella.", He smiled at me, "I'm Eric by the way. How you liking the rain? "Getting used to it." "Girl, just wait. It'll only get worse." "Don't remind me." I said, adding a groan for effect. He smiled again, "Where are you headed?" I consulted my schedule, "Government with Miller." "Me too! I'll walk you." He was pretty chatty, talking to me through the walk and only stopping when I had to sit down. I was grateful he was so nice, but I had to admit I was a little glad to be sitting on the other side of the room. I just wasn't much of a talker. My next two classes passed quickly. The girl I was sitting next to in Trig had made small talk with me and after class asked me if I wanted to eat lunch with her and her friends. I gratefully accepted, not wanting to sit alone on my first day. Her name was Jessica as I found out on the walk to lunch. She had caramel