Chapter 1 – Harry and His Key What if the idea that someone had been keeping an important item from him seriously upset Harry? OoOoOoOo The huge bearded man cleared his throat to gain the attention of the goblin behind the counter and announced, "Mister 'arry Potter wishes ter make a withdrawal." Such a large man couldn't help but have a loud voice and his announcement caused most of the bank's other patrons to turn to look at the man, but especially at the small scruffy-looking boy next to him. The goblin ignored the other bank patrons to look over the roughly clad man in front of him and then turned his attention to the scrawny and poorly dressed child beside him. "Ah. And does Mister Harry Potter have his key?" Hagrid began searching through his long coat. "Oh, wait ta minute. Got it 'ere somewhere." Harry turned his head and stared at the giant man. "Aha! 'ere's the lil devil!" He held up a small golden key and slid it across the counter to the goblin. "Wait a moment, Hagrid, " Harry began with surprised indignation. "Why do you have a key to my bank account and why did I never know I had an account here?" Hagrid looked nonplussed for a moment. "Professer Dumbledore gave me yer key, 'arry." Harry shook his head. "Why did he have it? Why did I never have it?" He turned to look at the goblin behind the desk and demanded, "Why did a man that I've never met have a key to my account? Can you give me a…what do you call it…a list of all money going into and out of my account?" He suddenly realized how demanding he was being and quickly added said, "Please, sir" to the teller. "Now 'arry," began Hagrid in a shocked tone, "Dumbledore would never take anythin' from yer vault. 'e is a great man, 'e is." The other bank patrons were now watching the two with unabashed interest. While Hagrid protested to Harry, the goblin waved his hand over the key and then pressed it against a pile of parchment. Columns began appearing on the parchment. When the writing stopped, the goblin looked it over. "There have been no transactions made against this vault since July, 1981," he announced. "There, ya see, 'arry? Dumbledore just kept yer key safe, 'e did," the huge man said in relief. "But why? If I had known I had any money, I could have used it for food and maybe some clothes! I could have hidden food in the cupboard for when my relatives refused to feed me!" Harry tried hard not to whine, but the very idea that he could have had clothes that fit or could have stockpiled food in his cupboard for the times he was locked in was nearly overwhelming. The watching patrons gasped at the revelations by the undersized boy. "You didn't know about your vaults, Mister Potter? Are you saying that you never received a quarterly statement from Gringotts," challenged the goblin. Hagrid seemed to shuffle back a few inches at the grim menace in the goblin's voice. "No sir," Harry replied. "I've never received any type of mail, ever ! Well, except for the invitation to Hogwarts that my relatives wouldn't let me have." One of the children watching the scene tugged on her mother's sleeve. When her mother bent down, the girl whispered "Mummy, I sent Harry Potter a birthday card every year. Does that mean he never got it?" The adult witch narrowed her eyes slightly. "It seems so, darling." "This will require more investigation," the teller stated. He swiftly wrote a note with a long feathered quill and with a gesture, summoned a younger goblin to his side. Handing him the note, he said, "Mister Potter, would you please accompany Bluntnose?" "'ere, now," protested Hagrid. "Perfesser Dumbledore tol' me not ta let 'arry out o'me sight." "This is now Gringotts business, sir," responded the goblin. "You may wait for Mister Potter there," he added, waving at a series of chairs against one of the walls. Before Hagrid could protest further, Bluntnose took the young boy off the floor and down one of the hallways. When Hagrid tried to follow, several goblins with spears intercepted him and pointed him back to the waiting area. The huge man reluctantly sat down, muttering loudly about how Dumbledore wouldn't like this at all. The other patrons were quickly turned back to their business by the other tellers. Unknown to the large Groundskeeper, a secretary at the Daily Prophet, the British wizarding daily newspaper had witnessed the entire exchange. She quickly finished her deposit, then returned to her office as quickly as she could. She was nearly out of breath as she rushed to one particular desk. "Miss Skeeter!" A blonde middle-aged woman looked up from her desk. Her heavily penciled eyebrows rose above her crystal-embossed spectacles at the puffing secretary. Before she could answer, the secretary continued, "Harry Potter! He's at the bank and you won't believe what I heard!" OoOoOoOo Harry followed the goblin down several hallways, eventually getting completely lost as they turned multiple times. Eventually, they arrived at a door with a brass plaque with three lines; "Potter", "Peverell", and "Standish". Bluntnose knocked twice, then opened the door. He strode quickly to the desk at the end of the room, laid down the parchment, and quickly left, forcing Harry into the room before he closed the door behind him. Harry blinked and looked hesitantly towards the other end of the room. "Well, don't stand there," the goblin behind the desk snapped in an irritated voice. "Time is money!" "Yes, sir. Sorry, sir," Harry answered and moved hesitantly towards the desk as the goblin read the note from the teller. The office itself was easily the size of the Dursley's living room. A well-dressed goblin was seated behind the desk, framed by the rear wall which held several axes, spears and other very sharp looking weapons. Harry stopped at the two chairs before the desk and looked apprehensively at the goblin who was also scrutinizing him very carefully. "You are Mister Harry James Potter," the goblin asked. The Potter Account Manager kept his shock inside, allowing nothing to show. How could the Potter Heir be such a scrawny human and clad in what his mate would use only for cleaning? "Yes, sir," Harry responded politely as he tried to examine the goblin without being rude. As with the others he had seen in the bank, the goblin before him seemed to be about his size with pale skin, as if he spent very little time outside. His dome-shaped head was mostly bald, with only a small band of grey hair as a fringe. His ears were pointed as was his rather large nose. Like the teller, he had very long fingers, probably the better to hold one of the weapons behind him, Harry thought. "Hmph. I am Senior Account Manager Sharpaxe, Account Manager for the House of Potter for the last two decades. Take a seat, Mister Potter," the newly named Sharpaxe ordered. Harry sat down cautiously on the closest chair. "I'm pleased to meet you Mr. Sharpaxe. I didn't know there was a 'House of Potter'," he admitted. "Refer to me as Senior Account Manager Sharpaxe," the goblin said sharply. "I fought hard for the right to bear that title." "Yes, sir. Sorry, sir," Harry replied immediately. The goblin sounded like Uncle Vernon, and he responded automatically to the tone. Sharpaxe raised an eyebrow. Politeness was one thing, but for the Heir to the House of Potter to act like the lowest of the low? This was unexpected and troubling. "Teller Goldtooth states that you have never received any mail from Gringotts. Is that correct?" "Yes, sir," Harry responded immediately. "I've never received any mail, ever, except my invitation to Hogwarts." Sharpaxe tightened the grip on his quill. "You've never received any mail? Not even from other wizards or witches?" "No, sir," Harry replied. I didn't even know there were witches and wizards until Hagrid came. He told me that I was a wizard. My relatives always said magic didn't exist. I didn't even know how my parents really died, because my aunt said they were killed in a car crash. Hagrid said they were killed by an evil wizard. "I see." His sharp ears caught a slight rumble and he noticed the young boy move in embarrassment. "This is going to take some time, Mister Potter. I will call for refreshments and a curse breaking specialist." Harry wasn't sure what that meant, but the goblin pressed a button on his desk and spoke curtly in a harsh guttural tone. He then began writing on a parchment, so Harry sat back and patiently waited. He was used to waiting quietly. Uncle Vernon didn't respond well to fidgeting. A few minutes later, a different goblin arrived with a tray, which he laid on the desk. There was a pitcher of water, two glasses, two small plates, a basket of rolls, and a bowl of what appeared to be cut up roots and chunks of meat. Sharpaxe noticed the boy made no move for the tray, although he looked at it with interest. The goblin sighed to himself, but put down his quill, opened one of the rolls, and spooned the roots and meat onto it and put it on one of the empty plates. He filled a glass with water and pushed them towards the boy. "Eat," he commanded. Harry couldn't remember a time that his aunt had actually made him a sandwich and tried to hide his surprise, but gratefully took the offered plate and took a bite of the filled roll. The roots were crunchy with an earthy taste, almost like a cross between a potato and a water chestnut. The meat was spicy and like nothing he had ever tasted. "This is very good," he said with a shy smile at the stern goblin after swallowing his first mouthful. "Thank you, sir." "Hmph," Sharpaxe responded. The note from the teller had noted that the boy hadn't known about his vault and was upset as he could have used the gold for food and clothing; that was beyond the disturbing comments that their client had never received any mail from Gringotts. Apparently, the youth had missed more than a few meals if his appearance was anything to go on. Shortly after the boy finished the roll and took several swallows from his water, a knock came from the door. It was immediately opened by a goblin dressed in well-worn leathers. He ignored the human and looked inquiringly at the Senior Account Manager. "Mister Potter," Sharpaxe began. "Harry please, sir," responded the boy with another timid smile. Senior Account Manager Sharpaxe had been kinder to him than almost anyone he had met in his short life. The goblin had invited him to sit down, noticed he was hungry, and made him a sandwich of sorts. Sharpaxe managed not to show his surprise and continued, "Harry, this is Senior Curse Breaker Swiftspear, one of our warders and curse breakers. I would like him to see if there are spells on you that would prevent you from receiving your mail from Gringotts." Harry gave a shy smile to the new goblin and nodded. "OK, sir." He wasn't sure what this was all about, but everything had started once he said he hadn't gotten quarterly statements. He was curious about the reason himself. If he had only known about his account, he wouldn't have gone hungry so often. Well, once he had figured out how to get to London to get that money. While he was thinking, the goblin raised his hands and said something in the same harsh guttural tones that Sharpaxe had used earlier. Harry felt a brief tingle from his scalp down to his toes. Almost immediately, Swiftspear scowled