Disclaimer: These characters/this universe do not belong to me. They belong to the respectful parties: J.K Rowling and Warner Bros. as well as her lovely publishers. Summary: Life isn't fair. Even with a little luck, you may never get what you want. But often, you'll get exactly what you need. When Draco Malfoy finds a helpless Harry Potter, he quickly learns a lesson in not only luck, but love and life. HP/DM Slash, Rated M for Mature audiences. Warning of past abuse. A/N: Hello again! I am very excited to start another fic with everybody. This one in particular is very much a hurt/comfort. It is also intended to be medium-long in length, so please bear with me. I will be updating a chapter every Sunday, so you can always expect an update then. Many wonderful thanks to my beta, ArithmancyMaster or as she should be called, Latin Lover – I really am astonished by how much you always seem to know about the English language! Thank you again for making this new story possible. I hope you all enjoy! xx, MystyVander. With a Little Luck Chapter One Anxious didn't begin to describe the feeling creeping louder under Draco's skin. As his shoes hit the pavement in unison with his walking stick, one hand curled around its head, his other restlessly flattened his hair pulled back into a ponytail. He reminded himself to breathe; to remain composed but still appear approachable. Seven years had passed since he saw the end of the war – six years since his release from Azkaban and four from the end of his probation. In his free years he had completed a prestigious training program at St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, landing a low security job in the Potions and Plants Poisoning department. But he strived for more. The ward in which he hoped to work had an opening at last, it was the long term Spell Damage ward. However, the chances that the job would be given to a convicted Death Eater were slim despite him knowing he was probably the best qualified applicant. It was for this reason that Draco paused a block away from St Mungo's entrance, stepping aside from the crowd of muggles, and withdrew a vial from his jacket's breast pocket. The vial contained a clear liquid, not much thicker than water. Although Draco was an astute Healer, he was still an even better potion brewer. It had taken him eighteen months to brew the unstable concoction and this was one of the few purposes he had in mind for it. There was nothing like a little luck during a job interview. Draco uncorked the perfected Felix Felicis, tipping his head back and taking two drops from it. "That should last an hour at least," he thought aloud, safely stowing the precious liquid away. The effects took place within a few moments. His body tingled with a static energy before settling as he started off in the direction of St Mungo's again. Draco felt his confidence grow with each step, his thoughts blurred as an uncharacteristic grin grew on his lips. At the doorstep of the enchanted St Mungo's, Draco didn't even pause. He walked on, his smile faltering as he did. Only briefly did he question why he was striding past the place of his appointment; but he walked on with sureness, handing fate over to dear old Felix. It was at the twenty minute mark when Draco's logical mind began to grow louder in his consciousness. 'But my interview!' he frantically thought, eyes growing wide as his watch told him he was already late. 'There is no bloody way I will be getting that position now…where am I?' Draco blinked, becoming aware of where he had suddenly stopped. It was an unfamiliar area and he had come before a shabby complex six stories high. Draco strode to the front door. An elderly lady was on her way in with several heavy grocery bags. "Here, let me help you," Draco offered, unknowing as to why he felt the strong urge to assist her. The older lady smiled up at him, unlocking the door. "Oh, young man, how lovely of you," she said thankfully. Draco relieved her of her groceries, stepping into the building alongside her. It was a typical building, ungodly wallpaper in the hall and lights that hadn't been dusted in a decade. "It's not often young people are as courteous as you these days. It makes an old woman wonder whatever happened to standards," she spoke aimlessly as she led Draco slowly up the stairs and to her door just several feet from the second story landing. "You are hardly old, ma'am," Draco complimented. The old lady was fumbling with her keys and blushed, swatting playfully at Draco. "Hush now, son, no need to humour an old soul. Are you visiting friends in this building?" "Yes, actually, up on the fourth," Draco lied, the words coming so easily he was startled by them. "Oh! You must be friends of Justin and Harry, bless them. Thank you for your help dear, you can just put my bags down here," she gestured at their feet. The mention of a familiar name perked Draco's attention, he shook his head, 'There are a lot of Harry's out there,' he reasoned. "Why do you say that?" "They're the only young folks here, dear. Refreshing, really, but I'm sorry lad, I saw Justin down at the market, and he was on his way to work." Draco shrugged nonchalantly, Felix was urging his feet to be moving again. "It's actually Harry who will be expecting me. Speaking of which, I believe I am late. Thank you for the company," Draco inclined his head politely. Upstairs he went, his feet carrying him before he could even think twice about it. Before he approached the door, he felt the push of its wards against him as he landed on the fourth floor. The reality that Felix had led him here and the aforementioned Harry was the one he was dreading to see was dawning on him. " Divellere ," he murmured, wand in hand. 'Even though I know I shouldn't be here, or that I should even knock accordingly, I know I have to…' Draco's thoughts trailed off as his body was moving of its own accord, wordlessly unlocking the door and pushing it open. "Hello?" He wanted to call out but as he did he noticed his throat was suddenly dry. The flat was quaint and nearly void of natural light. Everything looked normal; nothing out of place or askew. Draco found himself moving further into the apartment, looking around for any indication of who were its inhabitants or for something amiss. 'The potion would not have led me here without good reason,' he reminded himself as he continued inward, past the kitchen, the pantry and then he stopped as he came to the small hallway that led to the more intimate rooms. A picture hung on the wall, painted a putrid yellow hue, and in it a boy and his family stood smiling and waving at the camera on the ruined steps of Hogwarts. It was dated 1997 and Draco recognized the boy as Justin, from his year, but he couldn't place his house or last name. Justin had been but a speck on his radar while he attended Hogwarts. Another boy always outshone Draco's social interests. Draco continued down the hall till he came to another ward intruding upon him; it was on a room accompanied by four separate padlocks on the door. Without hesitation, despite the feeling of Felix Felicis wearing off, Draco lifted the wards and cast a whispered, " Alohamora ," on each lock. Draco took a deep breath to prepare himself knowing that if a door were locked its contents must be either of value or dangerous. But nothing could prepare him for the sight that beheld him. There he was. Broken, bruised, bloodied and unconscious. There he lay; a pale shadow of the man Draco had last seen. Shackled at his wrists, lying on a soiled mattress on the floor: no shirt, no trousers, no wand and no dignity. Fourteen years of biases, preconceived notions and altruistic abhorrence vanished in a moment. Draco's luck had run out, and apparently so had the man's before him. "Harry-fucking-Potter," he muttered, astonished. His words stirred Potter. From his fetal position, he mumbled incoherently and moved his head. Draco reacted immediately. He was kneeling at his side, his hand tentatively reaching for him to further rouse Potter. As his skin made contact with Potter's shoulder, the man woke with a commotion. Potter yelped and scurried back on the mattress, his arms raising to his head as if to shield himself. "Potter, calm down!" Draco snapped, the scared man flinching with each word. "I am going to get rid of these cuffs, okay? Just hold still, I need to identify –" "Please," came the croaking, fragile whisper. "Please," he reiterated. Draco felt his heart sink; his stomach was somewhere in the pit of his bowels. Potter didn't just sound weak or broken…he sounded irreparable. "No more. Please, sir…" his voice dropped with his head into his hands, defeated. The proper, respectful pronoun instantaneously enraged Draco. He wasn't naïve to not understand the situation. The verbal gesture of subservience disgusted Draco to his core – especially coming from Potter. "Alright, that's it, you're coming with me, Potter," he said decisively, wrapping his hands about Potter's wrist in an attempt to pry them from his face. At the contact, Potter violently responded. He began to scream shrilly at the top of his lungs. "Merlin, Potter!" Draco swore, unhanding him. He immediately calmed although his breathing remained erratic. "Would you just look at me? I'm not him, I'm not Justin. It's Draco Malfoy," he attempted to explain, all to no avail. Potter seemed to refuse to lift his head, his eyes had yet to see Draco. A pulse of magic hit him like a gentle wave. Draco blanched as he recognized it and the resounding crack that accompanied it. "Harry! What the fuck do you think you're up to?!" Came the thunderous, guttural and angered voice along with heavy footsteps. The urge to use a number of Unforgiveables was only suppressed by Draco's quick prioritization of Potter and his safety. Draco scooped Potter – far too light for his build and age – into his arms despite his wailing protest. Holding tight to the flailing man, Draco closed his eyes and apparated with a crack. When his feet met solid ground once more, Potter scattered from his arms and tumbled to the floor. He looked wildly around at the unfamiliar surroundings, scurrying backwards until he hit Draco's desk. They were in the study of his home outside of Wiltshire, they were alone and safe but the sudden new surroundings awakened Potter's fight or flight response. And he was trying to fly. "Potter, you are at my home. I apologise for handling you the way I did but I had to," Draco said softly as he approached Potter, his hands open and out for Potter to note his passive intentions. Wide, bloodshot emerald eyes glazed over as they finally focused on Draco. "M-Malfoy?" he stuttered unsurely and before Draco could respond, he slumped over, lifeless. Draco swore and hurried to him, catching his head just before it connected with the floor. Potter's breathing was steady but he was unconscious once again. Sighing, he called his only employed House Elf. "Cally, I need you to retrieve me my potions. The kit which is in the kitchen, not the one in the bathroom," he ordered. "Bring it, a glass, and pitcher of water to the guest room." Cally looked between her master and the guest, her bony features contorted uneasily. "Yes, Master Draco," she disappeared with a bow. Draco shifted the frail body against him and