the characters belong to Tolkien. " Gimli, I have an idea." He couldn't remember when he had first heard the Elf say those words or at what time point hearing that phrase had first brought a twinge of misgiving. It was long ago, of that he was sure. Gimli had moved from initial misgiving to exasperation and then eventually to anticipation. He never knew quite where those words would take them—the dark depths of Mirkwood, the vineyards of Dorwinion, the recovering vistas of Ithilien or the blasted Marshes beyond. There was no question they always led to something. Not always something good but always something memorable. An unexpected rockslide. A nest of spiders. White water rapids in a swiftly deteriorating boat. Fugitive goblins in the foothills of the Misty Mountains. Roaming the woods of Legolas' youth. Sleeping under the stars near Lake Evendim. A trip to the Old Forest with Merry and Pippin. Those words had never failed to take him on some form of adventure-his best friend at his side, the sun on their faces, the wind in their hair, the rolling gait of whatever horse Legolas had adopted this time carrying them forward. Some of the best memories of his life were made on those expeditions together. Anticipation had ultimately turned to expectation that never was fulfilled. It had been years now since Gimli had heard those words cross Legolas' lips and he found himself missing them. Other than his now infrequent trips to Ithilien and Minas Tirith and Legolas' own even rarer forays to Aglarond or the revitalized Greenwood, they did not travel as they had before. He suspected Legolas was coddling him, deferring to his advancing years and the discomfort in his hips and back that came with age and from too many years on horseback. He had been quite ready to call the Elf on it; to incite one of their verbal sparring matches, the ones that brought color to Legolas' face and that mischievous sparkle to his green eyes. Those exchanges brought great enjoyment to Gimli but it would not do for Legolas to know that. He had been prepared to rile the Elf up, as he usually did, but Gimli held his words back on this visit to Minas Tirith. Something had changed. Legolas was holding himself with a tension that Gimli had not seen in him in years. Aragorn's not-so-gentle teasing of the Elf did nothing to lessen it. This was likely not the right time for Gimli to aggravate him as well. He sat back and observed. It was a skill that he had honed through his years of contact with the volatile Elf and reticent Man and it had served him well. He just had to watch and wait; an answer would come to him. And if it didn't—he also had learned quite well how to provoke one. But it never came to that. Searching for a quiet place to smoke, Gimli came upon the King in Arwen's gardens. It was unusual to find Aragorn unattended in the middle of the day, seemingly at leisure. Gimli was sure he had heard Legolas mention something about a council meeting that morning. "Have you escaped your courtiers to hide in Arwen's garden, Aragorn?" Gimli asked, as he drew near his friend. "You have found me out, Gimli." Aragorn smiled down at the dwarf and Gimli felt the familiar weight of Aragorn's hand on his shoulder. "No, the council meeting has ended and Eldarion has graciously relieved me of the thankless job of soothing the ones who found my words disagreeable." "It's hard to believe that little boy who used to hang upside down on these very tree branches above us is now a staid Prince of the realm and proud father of his own rambunctious children. The years have flown past," Gimli said fondly. "That they have," Aragorn agreed but something in his tone made Gimli glance at him sharply. "You've much to be proud of, Aragorn. The rebirth of this kingdom, this city, the peace throughout the lands, that capable son of yours and your wise and spirited daughters," Gimli said to him. Aragorn's hand gripped Gimli's shoulder. "And good friends who have stood by my side and made this happen." Aragorn narrowed his eyes at his old friend. "And may have contributed to how 'spirited' my children are," he added. Gimli grunted. "That's all the Elf! It's thanks to me and that lovely wife of yours that they have any steadiness or sense at all." "The tower incident?" Aragorn queried, one eyebrow raised. "The Elf." "The stable debacle?" "You know if there are horses involved it is Legolas," Gimli retorted. "The river?" Silence. "The tunnel expedition?" Gimli coughed. "It would have been just fine if Legolas hadn't meddled. He has no head for being underground. It's one of his many failings." He darted a look at Aragorn and grumbled at the broad grin he saw on his old friend's face. "Fine," Gimli said. "Perhaps I misjudged a few times. Dwarven children are hardier and follow instruction far better than your unruly lot." "Weren't you telling me how wonderful they all are just moments ago?" "That's now. A sign of the profound influence I've had on their flighty tendencies. Mahal only knows how they would have turned out without me to set them straight." Aragorn laughed out loud at Gimli's words and Gimli felt a warmth in his chest at the sound. He hadn't heard him laugh like that in a while. They stood in companionable silence, Gimli puffing steadily on his pipe, as they looked over the terrace to the city below. "Where is Legolas?" Gimli asked. "This is usually where I find him hiding, not you." Aragorn's face clouded. "He did not seem to find the gardens peaceful today." That was an odd statement, Gimli thought, narrowing his eyes at Aragorn. This garden was where Legolas always retreated to find peace, solitude and the soothing presence of nature in this city of stone. Or the tops of the towers, Gimli amended, with a shudder. His years of friendship with Legolas had still not made him at ease with his friend's need to climb to the heights when he wanted to clear his head. "Is he up on the rooftops again?" Gimli asked Aragorn, turning to scan the stone walls behind them. "He may be but likely the ones facing south, towards the sea," Aragorn answered softly. "It is bad today then?" Gimli asked, his own tone lowering. Legolas had found his own path to coming to terms with the sea longing. There were bad days, few and far between anymore, but they still came and the tumult left after sometimes took longer than expected to dissipate. "It is not as troublesome as it has been," Aragorn said, his eyes firmly directed at the city below. "What did you quarrel about this time?" Gimli asked wearily. If it wasn't the sea longing it had to be this. Close as Aragorn and Legolas were—as close as brothers Gimli would say—there still were times recently when their words to each other were as sharp as Legolas' knives. It wasn't like the verbal sparring he had with the Elf. There was a deeper bitterness to it he had never fully fathomed. "It was not a quarrel. Well, not on my part, at least," Aragorn said. Gimli turned, setting his pipe down on the low wall in front of them. He glared at the taller Man. "Out with it. What happened this time?" Aragorn sighed and rested his elbows on the wall in front of him, shoulders slumped. "Nothing happened but the conversation I keep trying to have with him that he refuses to accept." Gimli ran a hand through his beard. This was the old hurt then. The one that cut deeper than the sea longing. "There is time yet ahead, Aragorn. He knows it's coming. Save your breath for that time. You know it only agitates him when you dwell on it." The silence lengthened between them and Gimli felt a chill despite the warm sunshine. "Aragorn?" "The time is nearing, Gimli." What nonsense was this? The man was hale and hearty, granted far grayer and stiffer than before, but weren't they all? No, they all weren't. The Elf and Arwen both were unchanged, just as they had been all those long years ago. Arwen had come to terms with her decision long ago. She would be devastated when the time came but she had accepted that this day would eventually come when she had accepted Aragon's love and returned it. Legolas was another story. He had known, as they all had, that the time of sundering would come. But he turned his mind away from it, avoided discussing it and raged against it when he could not ignore it anymore. It had been worrying Gimli for some time; he knew Aragorn and even Arwen had urged Legolas to sail before it happened, before Aragorn's end came. Gimli had suggested it himself, once. The response he received had made him reluctant to pursue it again. But perhaps it was time. He had known that even with his Numenorian blood Aragorn was fated to leave them sooner than any of them would like. Gimli had long ago realized he too would outlive his friend. He had been resigned to weathering the storm of Aragorn's passing at the Elf's side. But what had been gnawing at him, as he grew stiffer himself and his hair and beard faded from gray to white, was that at some point in time he himself would leave Legolas behind for that final journey. And then the Elf would be alone. Not alone as some would think—he would still have his people, his father, the remnant of the Elven kind still dwelling in Middle Earth. But Legolas was far more tied to the world of mortals than his own kind anymore. Time ran for him as it did for them, his proximity having altered his own perception of it. The bond the three of them shared—this brotherhood of the heart—there would be no reunion on the far shores for them and that was what was driving Legolas' fury. Gimli realized with a start that he had not responded to Aragorn's statement. "How near?" he asked, voice low. "Near enough," Aragorn said, straightening up and turning to face Gimli. "My kingdom is stable. The lands are safe. My son has grown into a man of wisdom and temperance. He is approaching the age I was when my destiny came to me. Eldarion's children are all of age now. It is time to pass the rule to him." His eyes grew soft. "He is ready for it." Gimli grunted. "He may be ready for it but you don't have any reason to give it up yet." Aragorn's expression grew more serious. "I am tired, Gimli. I feel my years. I have been given a lifespan many times that of my father, greater years than many of my forebears. I do not take it lightly." "Then why would you choose to end it now?" "Perhaps 'now' is too hasty a word. 'Soon' or 'not too long from now' may be more appropriate." Aragorn sighed again. "I want to leave the world as who I am, Gimli, who I have been. Myself. Not a dotard, waited on hand and foot." Gimli snorted in response. "I think of Theoden, as he was before Gandalf, of Denethor at his end." "One was a bitter, broken, despairing old man and the other was under the sorcery of a wizard," Gimli gave Aragorn a stern look. "You are neither of those." "My son deserves his chance to rule. Before he ages himself and cannot teach his son how to lead men. It is the right thing. I have been given a gift but I do not intend to abuse it to squeeze out my last gasping breaths