"You must find a way to get the Elf to leave, Aragorn." Gimli had cornered Aragorn at the far end of the camp, away from the rest of the company. "Gimli, you know he will not part ways with us. Not here. Not now." Aragorn replied quietly. "We have passed through the Paths of the Dead and their host is with us. Our road leads to Gondor now." "You know what his fate is, Aragorn! You cannot tell me you will willingly send him to his doom." Aragorn looked down at Gimli. The dwarf was agitated, his hands in fists at his side, his eyes hard on Aragorn's own. He knew the dwarf only kept his voice so low and contained because he feared the Elf's hearing them. "Gimli." Aragorn tried again. "You know his heart. He will not leave us and we all have been heading into peril since we left Rivendell." "You foolish Man! Of course we have headed into peril! That was the point of the damn Fellowship in the first place! But this is not the same. The Lady has told him of his death, Aragorn. A death he will meet on this path with us. You are taking us to Pelargir. How can he not hear the gulls when we will be so near the sea?" Gimli closed his eyes briefly and his lips moved as if counting silently. He opened them to glare at Aragorn. "Can you not see he knows this and follows you still?" Aragorn sighed. "I know this, Gimli. It puts fear in my heart also. Legolas is my friend, he is more than that. He has been with me in heart and in thought and in battle for many years. I dread those words Galadriel gave him coming true, whatever their meaning." He put his hand on Gimli's shoulder. "But he will not leave me, even if I ask him to do so. I am sure of that. To ask him would only hurt him." "I don't care about his precious Elvish feelings, Aragorn! I want him alive! So you listen to me—you tell him to go back to Eowyn. Eomer was worried about her, alone with barely a man to fight for her if things go poorly for us. Tell him you are sending him on a dangerous and lonely mission, to help a beautiful damsel who needs a warrior at her side. Tell him anything! But get him away from here! I would rather have an Elf with hurt feelings than a dead Elf!" Gimli growled. "Or I may dint your skull with my axe long before the orcs get at you." "Peace, Gimli. I know Eomer worries about Eowyn just as you fuss about Legolas." Aragorn smiled as Gimli started to protest. "You are like a mother hen and you know it. Hush now. I will think on this and I will try, for the love I bear you and Legolas, and for the love you bear our Elf, to send him back." Aragorn grew serious. "But know this Gimli—he will not appreciate our concern. He will take it badly that we fear for him." "Aragorn, I don't care if he pouts and shouts and curses your name. I want him away from here." "I will do what I can." Aragorn said. "Now go back before he notices that we are deep in counsel and begins to suspect mischief. I will check on Roheryn and come to you soon." Gimli grunted at Aragorn's retreating figure. He took a look at the company, spotting Legolas on the far end of the camp, deep in conversation with the sons of Elrond. Gimli had still not managed to tell them apart and had resigned himself to referring to them both as Elrondion until he could. He began to casually walk back to the camp. He did not trust himself near his Elf yet. Legolas had an uncanny ability of knowing when Gimli was upset and usually teased him mercilessly until he found the cause of Gimli's irritation. Considering Legolas himself was the cause of irritation at the moment Gimli was happy to steer clear of him for awhile. Eventually he sat with Halbarad and some of his Dunedain, after a long and ultimately fruitless search for his pipeweed pouch. Drat that Elf. These Rangers of the North were men of few words. And even less pipeweed. Didn't any of them smoke other than Aragorn, Gimli asked himself glumly. He missed the Rohirrim, Eomer in particular. Despite their initial harsh words, Gimli had grown to like that blunt, outspoken young man. He was brave and strong, short tempered but with a good sense of humor, handsome and fond of pipeweed and ale. All in all, Eomer would have made a fine dwarf he decided, barring his ridiculous love of horses and riding. He watched Aragorn return, to sit with Legolas and the Elrondions. Aragorn met his eyes across the fire and gave him a small nod. Gimli settled closer to the fire, his attention moving back to the Rangers around him. He'd gotten through to Aragorn finally. Now when would the man tell the Elf? Gimli grew tired. He bade goodnight to Halbarad and walked over to his pack and bedroll, tucked next to Legolas' gear. He scanned the camp but Legolas was still with Aragorn and his brothers. He settled his bedroll, moved one or two irritating rocks and tried to find a comfortable position. Aragorn rose to move to the spot Gimli had vacated near Halbarad and he engaged his fellow Ranger in quiet conversation. Gimli glanced at Legolas. Confound that Elf! Legolas was watching Aragorn intently. He seemed to sense Gimli's eyes on him and suddenly shifted his gaze to Gimli, raising one elegant eyebrow at the dwarf then giving him an impudent smile. Gimli glowered back at him and grumbled. Legolas smile grew wider and he turned to say a brief word to the Elrondions, then came to Gimli's side. "Are you having trouble sleeping, Gimli? Should I sing you a lullaby to help you drift off?" Legolas grinned down at him. Gimli swatted at the Elf's leg but as usual Legolas was too quick. He spun away from Gimli with a laugh, then threw himself down next to him. He grinned at Gimli, his blue eyes shining at him in the firelight. "What are you grumpy about this time, Elvellon?" he asked the dwarf. "Did you use up all that noxious weed of yours?" "I know you have hidden it somewhere, you misbegotten sprite!" Gimli growled, swatting at Legolas again, now that he was closer and sprawled on the solid ground. He missed again, as Legolas easily leaned away from him. His clear laugh brightened Gimli's spirits, although he would never admit that to the Elf. "Hush, Gimli, you'll wake the men. You know how they need their sleep." He gave Gimli a sidelong look. "You must have misplaced it again or Aragorn has stolen it to replenish his stash. He smokes too much." "It gives us a measure of peace from a flighty, talkative Elf! You're more likely to stay away when we smoke," Gimli answered, returning the sidelong look. Legolas shoved him. Gimli roared with laughter and sat up to sit next to Legolas. They sat shoulder to shoulder in quiet companionship for a few moments before Legolas spoke again. "He is troubled, Gimli. He always smokes more when he is worried." "He should be troubled, surrounded by these dead warriors as we are! I am ready to meet the hordes of Mordor, if only to get these ghosties gone from our side and off doing what they were meant to do ages ago!" Gimli replied. "They will not harm you, Elvellon." Legolas said. "You are not who they are bound to fight." "I'm well aware of that but they still make my blood run cold." Gimli answered with a shiver. Legolas pulled a blanket off the ground next to him and made a show of draping it around Gimli and tucking it under his feet. Gimli squirmed and protested as Legolas laughed again, drawing the eyes of the dour Rangers who were still awake. "Will you cease harassing me, you ridiculous creature?" Gimli spluttered. He did not remove the blanket and pulled it closer around him. Legolas patted him on the arm affectionately. "You know you feel the cold more easily than I do, Gimli. You must not catch a chill on our way to war. You know how delicate you are." Aragorn came over to them as Gimli spluttered incoherently at the Elf. "Must I separate you two or will you quiet down and give us a moment of peace to rest?" He raised one eyebrow at his two friends and made a weak attempt to frown at them but was unsuccessful at keeping his face appropriately censorious. "My apologies, Aragorn. I was merely trying to keep Gimli's delicate constitution appropriately protected from the elements." Legolas gave Aragorn a brilliant smile. Aragorn met it with a smile of his own but there was a sadness in his eyes that Legolas noted immediately. "Aragorn," he said, smile fading, his voice clipped and serious now, "What troubles you, mellon?" "Walk with me, my friend." Aragorn said. "I have much on my mind and it would ease me to have your company for a time." "Gimli, you can spare me?" Legolas stood rapidly, looking down at the dwarf bundled in his blanket now. "Aye, I'll spare you. Aragorn give me your pipeweed pouch. This confounded elf has spirited mine away." Gimli grumbled. Legolas gave a huge sigh and then bent down to riffle through his personal pack. "Here it is, you frightful grump." He tossed it to Gimli, who snaked a hand out of his blanket to snatch it. "Off with you then, elfling." Gimli said. "Aragorn, I am in your debt for this moment of peace away from his nattering on." Aragorn shook his head, knowing full well the depth of affection hidden in these bantering words from these two. Legolas leaned down and squeezed Gimli's shoulder and Gimli gently laid his hand on his friend's and squeezed it back. "Off with you, lad. Get this dour Ranger to get some rest eventually, would you?" Gimli said. "I expect to find you snoring loud enough to wake the dead when I return, Gimli. No wait, Aragorn's already woken them. I doubt they will fall asleep again with your racket." Legolas replied. Gimli swatted him again, finally making contact with the Elf's calf, even as he twisted away to grab Aragorn and move away from the dwarf. Gimli watched them walk away as he settled himself down for a smoke. He doubted the Elf would be as good humored on his return from this conversation. Aragorn and Legolas moved to the far end of the camp, close to where Gimli had found Aragorn earlier. They could still hear the camp of the Grey Company behind them, as the men settled in to get some well-deserved rest. Legolas turned to look at Aragorn when the man stopped, waiting for him to speak. Aragorn looked back at the camp, ahead into the mist, at his feet and then around again. So that was how it was going to go. Legolas would have to do it himself it seemed. "Aragorn," he said softly. Aragorn looked at him but did not reply. "Is it my company you wanted, mellon or is there something on your mind you wish to say?" Legolas asked. When Aragorn didn't reply but just looked down again Legolas spoke again. "Shall I just do it for you then? Where should I start? Oh, yes. This is where you tell me you are greatly worried about Eowyn back at Edoras. Eomer spoke to you of his fear at leaving her with so few men. You were going to make sure to mention that, right?" Legolas looked