The first two lines come from The Two Towers chapter "Flotsam and Jetsam". "Let me see," said Pippin. "What is today?" "The fifth of March, in the Shire reckoning," answered Aragorn. The two hobbits, and the Three Hunters had finished their meal and were now seated on the piled rocks near the gateway of Isengard. Legolas questioned Aragorn in Sindarin, receiving a short reply and to the astonishment of the hobbits and Gimli, Legolas began to laugh. It was a clear, glorious laugh. Pippin remembered first hearing it in Rivendell. Merry recalled Legolas laughing like that the first night after their departure from Rivendell, when he had managed to severely irritate Gimli by hiding his pipeweed. Gimli remembered that joyous, ringing laugh at Caradhras, when the Elf had darted over the snow in search of the Sun, as he put it. He thought how that laugh had grated on him at the time, how infuriating he had found this Elf, who could laugh with such abandon in the midst of their misery and danger. What Gimli had not realized was how much he had missed that laugh, now that he heard it again. It made him think of rippling streams, sunlight and clear skies, as if a cool breeze had just swept by him. He shook himself. Bother the Elf! What nonsense was this, thinking of streams and skies? He narrowed his eyes and scowled at Legolas, who was still laughing. Aragorn swatted the Elf on the arm with an indulgent expression on his face. "What is so amusing, you flighty creature?" Gimli grumbled. "Yes, Legolas, what is so funny?" Pippin asked. Legolas took a few deep breaths, his hands resting on his knees. He closed his eyes, breathed in slowly for a moment then opened his eyes to survey his companions, his eyes still bright with suppressed mirth. "I am sorry," he said. "It was not until you said the date, Aragorn. I had to check to be sure I was right. Your Shire reckoning doesn't make much sense to me." "What about the date?" asked Merry, perplexed now, as he saw that Aragorn was looking amused as well. "It just occurred to me, that by my calendar, today is my begetting day," Legolas answered. "Your what?" growled Gimil, as the hobbits stared blankly at Legolas. Aragorn snorted as he muffled a laugh of his own. "Begetting day?" Pippin asked tentatively. "As in . . ." "Hush, you hobbit!" Gimli roared. "What are you nattering on about, Legolas?" "Like I said, Gimli, today is my begetting day," Legolas replied. "You mean birthday I think, Legolas," Merry suggested. "No, Merry," Aragorn interposed. "He means begetting day." "What nonsense!" Gimli burst in. "As if the world needs to know what his parents were doing on this day all those centuries ago!" Gimli muttered, red-faced. He was looking everywhere but at Legolas, who at Gimli's words, had burst into another peal of merry laughter. "Blast you, Elf!" Gimli continued, smacking Legolas on the leg as the Elf collapsed back on the rocks, helplessly surrendering to his merriment. "I've a hard enough time dealing with who your father is without having you conjure up such unwanted revelations, you ridiculous wretch." Gimli swatted Legolas again, his face now an alarming hue. "Peace, Gimli," Aragorn said, patting the Dwarf consolingly on the arm and looking down at the still-giggling Elf fondly. "Elves do not take bearing children lightly. They are able to choose when they conceive. It is a gift they have from their Maker, to protect the women and children and to avoid having children born in times of strife or war. The act of choosing to have a child is sacred to them. That is why they celebrate the begetting day," he explained patiently. "So you don't celebrate your birthday at all, Legolas?" asked Pippin. Legolas sat up, again taking a few breaths before speaking. "It is the same day, actually, just a year later," he confided. "So I was born a year to the day from my begetting day." "Then why can't you just call it your birthday and leave all this begetting nonsense out of it?" complained Gimli. Legolas looked at him with a puzzled expression. "But we do not celebrate the birth day, Gimli. That is what Aragorn just explained to you. We celebrate the begetting day." Gimli spluttered incoherently so Merry broke in to the conversation. "So how do you celebrate your begetting day, Legolas?" That succeeded in eliciting another roar from Gimli. "I do not want to know how you commemorate that!" Legolas looked at the Dwarf curiously. "Gimli, I am sure begetting is no different for Dwarves than it is for Men or Hobbits," Legolas said patiently, rendering the Dwarf now completely speechless. "Aragorn, did you not say it is the same process for Men and Elves? Save you cannot choose the time and the birth date is variable?" Legolas asked. "I cannot believe we are having this conversation," Merry whispered to Pippin. "I think Gimli looks seriously ill," Pippin whispered back. "Yes, Legolas, I did say that." Aragorn agreed, his eyes crinkling with suppressed laughter at the relaxed and detached manner in which Legolas was discussing reproductive activities that had rendered the intensely private Dwarf incoherent and had even the usually irrepressible Hobbits blushing. "So it must be the same for Hobbits and Dwarves then," Legolas continued, not deterred by the expressions on the faces of the Dwarf and the Hobbits. "I do not know what you are fussing about, Gimli, it is not like your parents never . . ." He was abruptly cut off by another roar from Gimli. "Do not dare to speak of my parents! Have you no sense of decency, you pointy-eared pest?" Legolas frowned and looked at Aragorn for clarification. "Mellon, mortals tend to have a more discreet attitude towards these processes than Elves," Aragorn said diplomatically. Legolas shrugged. "We all start the same way and come into this world the same way. It is nothing to be embarrassed about, Gimli, but I will say birthday if that makes you feel better." Legolas patted Gimli on the shoulder, as he glowered at the Elf. Merry asked his question again. "So how do you celebrate . . . your special day," he asked, faltering on the word 'begetting' at Gimli's glare. Legolas bent his knees up and wrapped his arms around his legs as he looked at his friends. "Usually with a feast, with family and friends. It is a more formal occasion when we come of age, of course, with gifts appropriate to our chosen path." He smiled at Merry and Pippin. "It amused me that I should be here, on the edge of ruin, on my . . . birthday." He paused before saying the word, with a quick glance at the scowling Gimli. "But you two have given me a feast today and I am sharing it with friends, as I should be," he finished. Merry and Pippin brightened considerably at this praise. Gimli was slowly returning to his regular shade of complexion, while Aragorn continued to look amused. "How do you celebrate birthdays in the Shire, Merry?" Legolas asked, shooting another sidelong glance at Gimli as he carefully enunciated the word 'birthday'. "Oh, it's usually a big to-do in the Shire. Everyone loves birthdays. All the gifts, you know," Merry replied. "We only receive gifts at the coming of age ceremony," Legolas said. "No, the birthday person doesn't get the gifts, Legolas. They give the gifts," Pippin explained. "Someone has a birthday almost every other week, so there's always loads of presents." "I must say the best ones were always the ones Bilbo would give out," Merry added. "Gimli, I hadn't really thought about it but Bilbo used to get many of them from Erebor and Dale." "Aye," Gimli smiled now. "Always a big order from Bilbo before his birthday. Bifur, Bofur and Bombur are the toymakers. Their workshop usually supplied Bilbo's order," Gimli said. "I wish we'd known sooner, Legolas. We might have found something more celebratory in these storerooms," Merry said. "The only surprise gift we have is the pipeweed we shared with Gimli and Strider, but I think you would not consider that a good thing at all." Legolas wrinkled his nose at the mention of pipeweed. "Bar the pipeweed, I think you have done remarkably well. We have had quite the feast." "Nothing like what you'd get at home, I'm sure," Pippin interrupted. Legolas looked thoughtful for a moment before replying. "We had a feast today far better than we have had for awhile." He smiled brightly at Pippin now. "I think finding the two of you, alive and well, is the best gift I could have received today." "I won't argue with that!" Gimli agreed. "Nor will I," said Aragorn. "So we have celebrated with a feast, as we do in my land. And I have received a gift-finding you two safe-as is tradition among Men." Legolas said. "Now, I must think of a gift for my friends, as you do in the Shire." Legolas frowned as he thought, then smiled. "I will endure your partaking of that noxious weed and not complain," he said finally, making Aragorn laugh. "Will you promise not to hide it as well?" asked Gimli gruffly, his eyes twinkling merrily as he teased the Elf now. Legolas had developed a habit of hiding Gimli's pipeweed. "Just this once," Legolas said, as Merry and Pippin joined Aragorn in laughter. A cloud of smoke soon surrounded Legolas, as his four companions settled in for a leisurely smoke. His eyes watered, his throat burned, he desperately wanted to get up and move away from them, but he endured it. After all, that is what friends do, he told himself. Gimli noted Legolas' growing discomfort and his intermittent throat clearing. He knew how sensitive the Elf was to the pipeweed smoke and despite his annoyance with Legolas earlier, he took pity on him now. It was his special day, after all, a moment of joy amidst all the fear and death they had endured for days on end. Gimli sighed. It was time to let the Elf escape. Reluctantly Gimli put out his pipe and stood up. "Come, Legolas. I need to stretch my stiff legs. Too many days on horseback. Walk with me." Legolas sprang up lightly and beamed at Gimli. "Am I forgiven for my indecent conversation earlier?" he asked innocently. Gimli frowned, his eyebrows lowered threateningly. "Don't even start that again, Legolas. I'm warning you. Birthday or not, you shall face the flat of my axe if you continue." Legolas nimbly leaped out of reach to perch on a nearby pile of rocks, smiling impudently at the Dwarf. "What were you saying about a walk, Gimli?" "Come down from there if you want to walk with me, you misbegotten sprite!" Gimli answered. "Now you are the one bringing up begetting!" Legolas grinned from his rocky elevation. Gimli moved rapidly in his direction and Legolas leapt down and moved swiftly towards the gateway, Gimli in pursuit, roaring at the Elf. Aragorn leaned back and blew smoke rings in the air, as Merry and Pippin followed the path the Dwarf and Elf took with concern in their eyes. "Do not mind them," Aragorn said. "They still spar with words but the friendship that started in Lorien has grown stronger than you can imagine. They will not argue as they did before." As they watched the pair in the distance they saw Legolas stop and wait for Gimli, putting a hand on his shoulder as the Dwarf drew near him. "Are you ready to be sensible now, Legolas?" Gimli asked, as he reached the Elf. "If that's even possible for you," he added, with a sidelong look at his friend. Legolas put his hand on Gimli's shoulder and smiled down at him. "Have you recovered yourself, Gimli?" he asked in return.