This isn't perfect and could probably use some improvements. I figured instead of continuously waiting for someone else to post a new good Embry/Leah fic I'd try one of my own again. I claim ownership of nothing. Please leave reviews if you feel so inclined. Currently a stand alone. May be continued if there's interest. They were walking down the gravel path beside each other. "Thanks for coming with me today. I'll make it up to you somehow." She murmured, knowing it wasn't really the truth. He'd been a really good friend to her the last few months and hardly let her return the favor. "Do I get to choose?" he challenged. He could tell he caught her off guard. "I guess it depends." She teased, narrowing her eyes. "I want you again." He spoke in a low, calm voice. "What?" She reacted in surprise. He stopped walking. He knew she tended to react quickly. She'd get it once she had the chance to mull it over later, but he didn't want to leave anything to ambiguity now. She'd stopped beside him. He touched his hand to her arm. "You know what I mean." He spoke in almost a whisper and glanced down at her shorts suggestively. Her eyes widen a little bit. She'd done better at containing her reaction than he had expected but he'd still felt her heart speed up and seen the flash of rose on her cheeks. "Tomorrow at 8. My place," he told her before running off. She stood still for a few moments on the side of the path wondering how to feel. The evening was falling and the sky was a dark purple. It was strange that he'd included the "again". They had gotten intimate before, but it felt like a lifetime ago. In many ways it was a lifetime ago. She started walking again. Not that she'd ever admit it, but he was special to her. That's what made it hard. She did have feelings for him, long suppressed ones that she knew far better than to act on. Maybe he knew that, maybe that was why he was nice to her. She'd never let herself get close to another wolf again. She knew better now. Everything could change in an instant. On the other hand, she couldn't shake the thought of him now that he'd put in her mind. He had such a lustful look in his eyes just a minute ago. It made her feel desired. She knew he'd never hold her to it if she didn't want to, but he was good at these games. He made her want it. She decided she would go. She couldn't know or change whatever the future may or may not hold, but if she kept her hopes low she didn't have a lot to lose. Friends could screw. They didn't have much to hide from each other. She wanted him again too. She slid open the back door of his house, slipped in, and closed it behind her just as quickly. The home was filled with his scent, which was comforting in a strange way. She had intended to be nonchalant about the whole thing, but she was nervous as hell and was sure it would be obvious to him. The lights were low. He was the only one home. His mom owned the house, but she'd spent a lot of time in Near Bay taking care of her aging parents since Embry had graduated. She could see light from another room reflected on the floor nearby and hear him stir. She walked over quietly. The old sliding door from the porch was loud, but her bare feet hardly made a noise on the cool wooden floor. "Hey," he said as she approached. Casual. "Hey," she responded, a bit more flat. She stood in the doorway to his bedroom. He was wearing his usual denim cut-offs but he wore a navy v-neck t-shirt. His hair wasn't quite as messy as it would be typically be by the hour. He'd made a subtle effort. She had too. She wore high-waisted denim shorts, a step-up from her typical soffees, and a drapey over-sized gray tank that was pulled into a knot. He was nervous too. "You know... we don't have to do... if you don't want to... I don't want you to feel..." "I know." She said, interrupting his ramble. "You sure?" he asked, stepping closer to her. She nodded. He placed his hands on her sides and leaned in to catch her sent off her neck. It wasn't a strange gesture from a wolf, but it somehow felt very intimate in the atmosphere of the room. "Are you sure?" she asked pointedly. Meeting his eyes as he raised his head and moved away only slightly. He kept his hands on her. "Yes." he answered in a deep tone as lips curled into a smile, but didn't part. They were close enough to feel each other's body heat. She was tall for a girl, but he had at least a few inches on her. She leaned in and sniffed his chest. She smirked. "What is it?" he asked. "All I smell is laundry detergent." She mentioned. "You never wear a shirt." "Almost never." "Almost." she repeated softly as she traced her fingers over the fabric. He subtlety closed the space between them so that their bodies were pressed against each other softly, and moved his hands to the small of her back. She found her head on his shoulder. They were swaying together as if there was music to dance to. They were both trying to get comfortable with each other in this context. They weren't a couple. It was all too easy to make the situation awkward. "Just more work for me," she remarked. She peeled herself off of him and grabbed the bottom edge of his shirt. She began to lift it up as he raised his arms to cooperate. She began to lean in again against him, get a dose of his actual scent, but he stopped her. "My turn," he remarked. She could see the lust flicker in his eyes again. Her lips curled ever slightly. "I don't think so. Wearing a shirt was cheating, for reasons we already mentioned." "I still get to level the playing field." he remarked, biting his lip and pulling her shirt up over her head to reveal a black lace bra. "See, I think that's cheating," he remarked. "How so?" she challenged with a little bit of a laugh. "You usually wear those bright athletic ones. When it's warm out and you're only coming and going from the woods sometimes you only wear sports bras. And sometimes when you don't have one of those you only wear a tank or a tee." "What's your point?" "Oh I don't mind the effort Leah," he ran his fingers along the black lace on her back, "but you almost never wear these." She realized he was starting to fiddle with the clasp and squirmed a little bit. He chuckled. "Look at me," he told her. She raised her head towards his. He pressed his lips against hers. He had held off on the kissing this far. He knew she would be uncomfortable with the more emotionally intimate aspects of what they were trying to do. Fucking might not bother her at all, but as irrational as it sounded he knew kissing was different in her mind. He was slow and controlled at first. He moved his hands to her bare lower back and leaned into her. At first he was cautious in case she protested, but he quickly changed the pace, more rough and urgent and his slipped his tongue into her mouth. He liked the way she tasted. She knew how to kiss. Their bodies had a certain physical chemistry. They fit well together, worked well together, moved in rhythm. She placed her hands on his neck, scratched the bottom of his scalp. He lifted her up onto his dresser and moved his lips to the side of her neck. She suppressed a moan but found herself grabbing on to him tighter. Still suckling her neck, he slipped his hands up and undid the clasp of her bra. He bit her softly before pulling away and meeting her eyes. With her body elevated on the dresser their faces were level. One of her bra straps was already beginning to slip from her shoulder. "I know you're insecure," he told her, stroking the side of her face. "But you've got nothing to hide from me," "I know you've already seen..." she trailed off. "But it's different like this." "We've down this before." He reminded. She didn't seem aware of how alluring she was to him. "Oh, well forgive me for forgetting how sneaking around and losing our virginity in the back of your truck when we were fourteen is any relevant." "I was fifteen. And don't sell it short. We were together that whole summer on the Makah Rez before we started high school." "Yeah but it was all sneaking around and we both knew it would never work out once we came back here." "That wasn't the only time." He reminded. "Yeah... I was so angry with you. I still don't why I did that." "Do you regret it?" he asked. "I'm here," she mentioned. "No." She admitted with a whisper. They both thought back to the last night they had spent in each other's arms. It had only been a few months since Sam had left Leah. Embry and Leah had starting getting closer now that she had more time, but things remained platonic. Embry had missed a week of school. Leah was leaving track practice on a Thursday. Most of the students had already long left the school for the day. The sky was dark with rain clouds settling in again for the night. She saw Embry across the parking lot. He was already watching her intently. She knew he was different when she saw him. He was one of them now. She knew it just by looking at him. After months of hearing her out and being her friend Embry was one of them. Her face flashed with hurt and pain and disgust. His face was suddenly pained and apologetic. Neither of them could muster a word. Her eyes teared and she didn't bother trying to hide it, but they both stayed there for a brief eternity in silence in the muddy gravel. The sky opened up above them and Leah moved to get into her car. By the time the vehicle was started and wipers cleared the windows he was nowhere to be seen. She drove home and locked herself in her room with the window open. She didn't care if the rain came in, she just wanted the sound of it to soothe her. Embry came in her window. She wasn't even surprised. Neither of them spoke. They were both hurt, but somehow they felt better against each other. Leah realized his presence, his touch, was the only thing that made her feel better. She didn't trying to understand it. Nothing made sense anymore, but she wanted to be okay, and as distraught as she was she saw how pained he looked. She wanted him to be okay. First they were just holding onto each other, and then they were kissing, and then they were touching each other in all the most intimate places until he was inside her. It wasn't about making love or pleasure or any of that shit. It was the only way they knew to get themselves close enough to one another - and somehow it still didn't feel like it was quite enough. He stayed with her until she fell asleep that night. He came back a few times, but they never went that far again. She phased a few months later. She went though a