"Percy, you can't die!" they scream. Flashback: Third-Person POV: Percy was sitting at Thalia's tree after dinner, fiddling with some water from a cup, when he heard a shrill scream. Coming up Half-Blood Hill, was a 14 year old boy, running as fast as he could. Percy could see a dracaena slithering up from behind. Percy got up and uncapped Riptide, and slashed through the monster, and saved the boy's life. With when loud shriek, the dracaena exploded into dust. The kid was still trembling and shaking, and he asked, "Who the Hades are you?" Percy chuckled and said, "Hey kid, no need to be so hostile. I'm Percy, son of Poseidon. I live inside this camp for demigods. Since you used Hades as a cuss word, I'm going to go ahead and assume you're a demigod. Who's your godly parent, and what's your name?" The kid mumbled, "Ethan Macduff. I-I don't know who my dad is." Just then, a few Ares campers ran to Percy's side and looked at the kid in confusion. Ethan had quickly whipped out his hammer and said, "You're welcome Percy! I just saved your life from that Fury!" Percy looked at him with disbelief and said, "That was a dracaena, and I dispatched it right before it ran you through with its spear! What the Hades are you talking about?" Just then, a boar appeared over Ethan's head. The Ares kids all gasped and high-fived each other, forgetting about how Percy had said he saved Ethan's life. "Wow, he hasn't even received training yet, and he's already saved Percy Jackson's butt and killed a Fury? This kid is going to be really valuable to our cabin!" A few weeks later: "PERCY! How could you do this?" Clarisse was shaking with anger, with her fists clenched. She stormed straight up to the Poseidon table at breakfast "What are you talking about, Clarisse?" "I woke up in the morning, only to find my favourite armor slashed to pieces! That was a reward from my father, made from drakon leather!" she fumed. "Wha-how could it be me? You know I couldn't have! I can't even wake up before 7:00, and I have the stealth of maybe a whale on land!" "Oh yeah fish head? I found this at the crime scene! Is this proof enough?" she yelled, holding up Percy's necklace, a gift from Annabeth. "So that's why I couldn't find it this morning!" he exclaimed. And that's when it started. The betrayals and accusations. First it was Clarisse, then Katie Gardner, then the Stoll brothers, and them, most of the camp. It was obvious that Percy had been framed by Ethan, since it was always Ethan that ratted out poor Percy. Months passed by, until Percy only had Nico, Thalia, Grover and Annabeth left. Percy didn't care. He was just glad he still had his closest friends, and his beautiful gray-eyed girlfriend. Ethan knew this, but he knew Percy would kill him if he hurt one of them. So he made a plan. One day, he decided to gather all his friends and he decided to hurt Percy enough to make him leave. He hated Percy so much, since he had developed a crush on Annabeth and Annabeth hated Ethan the most. Ethan was fed up with Percy. In his twisted mind, if he couldn't have her, no one can have her. As Annabeth was sitting on her bunk with her laptop, making blue-prints and designs and such, Ethan snuck into her cabin, and drugged her. His friends helped him to drag him out of the cabin, and they tied her up and brought her into the forest. When she woke up, she looked at her captor s groggily and then her eyes widened. "Wha-why am I here? Why did you drag me out here? Let me go!" she screamed. Ethan and his goon friends just laughed at her. "Shut up princess, like we're going to let you go! You're somewhere Percy won't find you, ever!" Ethan said. "Why are you doing this? You've hurt Percy enough! You framed him for everything he didn't do, when all he did was save your life and all you do is ruin his camp life and hurt his friends! Why can't you stop?" Ethan leaned in and said, "If you agree to dump him and go out with me, I'll let you go and stop making Percy's life so hard." "Never! He cares about his friends, but I can't hurt him if I don't want to! I love him and nothing about that will ever change, you son of a bitch! Go to Tartarus and suffer!" Ethan's eyes widen with hurt, and then they narrow. "If I can't have you, no one will." He says, and drives his knife into her shoulder, and dragging it down. Annabeth screamed in pain, and tears run down her face. Ethan doesn't stop. His rage was too much. He cuts her again and again, slicing her skin to ribbons, blood splattering all over his partners in crime. Her screams echoed throughout the forest. "Ethan, I hate you! Just kill me!" And Ethan stabbed her through the heart, twisting his blade. As he draws out his blade, her heart came out of her chest, on the blade. "Guys, drag her to the beach. Make sure to get Percy to see her corpse!" he cackled to his friends. A few hours later: Percy walks into his cabin, and sees a box with a note attached to it. Curious to see what it was, he reached into the box and pulled out…. A bloody human heart, dripping with bodily fluids. He screamed in disgust, and put dropped it back into the box. With bloody hands, he reads the note. Hope you liked my little present. You better run to the beach to return her heart! -Ethan His gut told him something bad awaited him at the beach. He sprinted out, and ran as fast as he could to the beach. Blood was the first thing he saw. It seeped through the sand. His eyes traced to the source of all that blood. Annabeth. Lying on the ground, with her shirt in ribbons. There were wounds everywhere, and a huge hole where her heart would be. "NO!" he cried, tears in rivets flowing down his cheeks. He fell to his knees, kneeling at the foot at his first and last love, and he held her limp body, tears mixing in with the blood. And he knew it was Ethan. He had so much rage, but he gave up. Annabeth was gone. What was the point of living anymore? Percy carried her broken body to his favourite place to hang out on the beach; a place where he and Annabeth always hung out. He dropped to the ground, and stroked her hair. His Wise Girl was gone. Revenge didn't matter to him anymore. All he ever wanted was to be able to be with Annabeth, and now, she was dead. Because of some stupid Ares kid that hated him. Percy regretted more than anything, saving that demigod. That decision had ended up killing his beloved Annabeth. Now she was gone, and Percy was still here, heartbroken and hopeless. His mind flashbacked to all the times he and Annabeth fought, all the times she laughed and teased him. "Seaweed brain, your head is full of kelp!" Smiling at the thought, he uncapped Riptide, and stared at the deadly bronze blade. This blade held so many memorise; Tartarus, the Battle of Manhattan, and the War of Gaea. This blade had saved so many lives, and ended so many lives at the same time. Even Annabeth's death was because of his decision to cut down the dracaena that was chasing Ethan. He wasn't sure why he was thinking about his sword at a time like this. But then again, his world had just been turned upside down. Percy didn't even know what he was going to do now. His light, his love, his happiness had just died along with Annabeth. He knew she deserved a proper, peaceful funeral, away from the camp that had turned their back on him. Instead of telling the camp, he planned on only telling Thalia, Grover and Nico. They were the only ones who deserved to know. Crawling to the water shakily, he rinsed his hands of blood, stood up, and stumbled back to the camp, straight to Thalia's cabin, where Grover and Nico were just visiting. At Thalia's Cabin: Thalia's POV: " Grover, you are absolutely ridiculous!" I said, as he chewed the ace card we were just playing with. Nico was laughing so hard, he was straight up rolling on the ground. Even though the rest of the camp had betrayed us and Percy, I was having a good time today. It was just too bad Annabeth wasn't here. We were going to invite her, but she wasn't at her cabin. She's probably somewhere on the beach, lounging around with Percy. There was no point in disturbing her privacy anyway. Just then, Percy stumbled in, eyes devoid of light, shirt stained in blood. Nico's laughter ended abruptly when he saw Percy. "PERCY! Are you okay? Are you bleeding? Why is there blood on your shirt? What happened?" cried Grover. Percy just looked up from his daze, and looked at us numbly. And then he uttered the words that I dreaded, ever since I ran away with Luke and Annabeth. "Annabeth is dead." My heart almost stopped. I laughed nervously. How could that happened? That's impossible. It's not true. Percy must be joking. Grover just chewed his Sprite can, and bleated shakily,"Peerrrcy! This is nooot funny! I know you like to joke, but haven't you gone a bit too far?" Percy just stared at Grover. "This is Annabeth's blood. When I walked into my cabin, there was a box. There was a-a-a heart. A bloody heart sitting in a box. On my bed. A-and there was a note. Signed by Ethan. It told me to go to the beach to find out who had been murdered. So-o I ran to the beach, only to find Annabeth, with so many cuts. So many. And where her heart should be-" And it hit me that my best friend, the little sister I never had, had just died. "JUST SHUT UP! SHUT UP! WHERE IS SHE NOW?" I screamed, tears running down my cheeks. "I lay her on the beach. Where we used to hangout. I didn't want a camp funeral. They would have disrespected her. I know it." And Percy ran out of the cabin, with Grover, Nico and I hot on his trail. On the beach: We ran out onto the beach, and I saw it. Annabeth. A bloody, limp Annabeth. "No." I whispered, dropping onto my knees. She had cuts and wounds all over, and a hole in her chest, where her heart would be. "I guess, we should each say something to her. Give her some peace. She better be in Elysium." Grover sniffled. "I-I guess I'll go. Annabeth, thank you for forgiving me about the incident with Thalia. You were one of my best friends, and you changed all of us. You were always the brains in our group. It's just that…. I didn't even get to say goodbye. So I guess I better say it now. Thanks, for being my friend. Thanks, for helping save the world. Goodbye, Annabeth." I sobbed onto Nico's shoulder. To my surprise, he spoke up. "Annabeth, you saved us countless times. If it weren't for you, I might still be in a bronze jar, rotting. Thank you for making Percy happy. I'll make sure you make it to Elysium. We'll miss you." He whispered. For the heir of the Underworld, he gave horrible funeral speeches. I guess it was my turn to speak up. I don't even know what to say; I still haven't come to terms