A warning for readers: This story is an allegory for rape and should be read with that in mind. If you are looking for romance, you will not find it here. It is hard to say which I feel less – things that are emotional, like the dull recognition of how tediously annoying my brother's lackeys are, or things that are physical, like the crunch of bone under finger as I casually squeezed the neck of one. After living in a world overrun by the terrors that Edward has sired, I have lost the connection I had to uplifting emotion, but also shut away my rage, finding it hindering me more so than helping. I have been living in this world for over two thousand years and the insignificance of even the creature struggling against my hand is a statement towards how little I feel physically. "Now, now, sister," a voice that conjured a grimace from me in response, "how about we refrain from damaging my children. For me?" My seedy excuse for a brother watched me, his eyes full of that warped satisfaction. He was leaned up against the far wall of the throne room where I conducted the business of the realm. A low growl escaped my throat, brought forth by the sheer dislike for this man I felt such disdain for. I gave his minion a rough shove, causing them to slide across the floor until they came to rest at Edward's feet. "Thank you, sister," he said, in a smug fashion. "To repay your kindness, I have brought for you an exchange." My jaw tightened as another of his sired brought a Terran woman into our midst. The woman was given direction, told to walk towards myself, and she stumbled towards me. This woman was neither bound nor gagged, but I could see the terror in her eyes, that kept her from even attempting to escape. I looked passed her, to my brother, who smirked. "I have no desire for one of your 'gifts'." Edward was mockingly aghast. "I went through much trouble, traveling to a Terran town to pick her up." I could feel his presence scratching the edges of my mind. "Do not bother searching my thoughts. I will tell you what I am thinking – fuck off." "That is unfortunate." By this time, the woman had made it to me and stood, looking back at my brother, waiting for further instruction. "Well, since I went through all of the trouble to get her, I imagine I had best not put that to waste. She will make a decent meal for my favorite subjects." At his words, the throne room was flooded with his offspring, all looking on hungrily. "They are all so ravenous, they might just tear her apart as they fight for a taste." The woman gasped, looking to me to save her. I knew Edward was trying to push me into a corner. I would either have to protect the woman or watch her die in a most gruesome manner. "Please," she pleaded, "please help me." She had a sweet voice, tugging at the humanity within me. "So be it, I will accept your gift." Edward put a finger to his lips, tapping while he looked into the air above him. "But sister," he returned his gaze to me, "you did not seem appreciative of my offering and frankly, I think my friends will enjoy her more than yourself." They all took a step forward, making their presence even more smothering. "She is unclaimed and thus up for grabs." I understood his intent. He was pushing for me to choose between breaking my fast on Terran blood and letting an innocent Terran die at the hands of brutality. Both options caused me pain and I always opted for the road with the least lasting hurt – a quick and painless death to the Terran my brother brought. I had always done it the same way, ending the game, and living on with a new Terran's blood on my hands. The woman backed away from the approaching Methuselahs, colliding with my stone body, squeaking and trying to duck away from me. With the moment of contact, I had made my decision and as she tried to put some small distance between us, I stepped forward, my hand coming up from behind her, gripping her around the neck and holding her fast to my body. I adopted a possessive stance, trying to ignore the way she had begun to hyperventilate and claw at my fingers, unable to remove them from her neck. One of Edward's fiends moved forward to challenge me for a chance at claiming the Terran meal. This elicited a growl that threatened harm and stopped him in his tracks. "She is mine," I declared. They all watched as I moved the woman's hair aside and shifted my grip from her neck to her chin, drawing it upward, exposing her throat. In a swift movement, I bit into her, drinking deep as she screamed. When I released her, she fell to the floor at my feet, where she sobbed and held her neck. For me, I was experiencing the shift of my body, as her blood flowed through me. My limbs tingled as her blood spread in my veins, filling me completely. My vision changed, becoming clearer. It was like having lived years without color vision and suddenly shifting to being able to see in color. My brain hummed with the high I was experiencing. "She is marked. If any dare touch her, I will personally hunt them down and kill them." Edward was openly grinning. "A good show. We will all respect your mark." He snapped a finger and we were alone in the room. "I wondered if I would ever see your beautiful crimson eyes once more." "You have gotten what you desired. You will now take your leave." His smile did not falter. "Of course. Enjoy the gift." He exited, with a chuckle the lingered in my mind well after he was gone, leaving me with the Terran. I looked down at the creature at my feet, whimpering softly, curled up into herself. I had wronged this Terran in a grave way. I had chosen a path I had never taken and now had to follow through, having put her through more than enough. I knelt, trying to diminish the level of intimidation I held, but knew that my display of physical prowess and ability to forcibly take away her bodily autonomy would forever make me a threat to her well-being. "Hear my words, Terran," I spoke in a soft tone, needing to reach her. "I do not expect – in fact, I do not want you to forgive me for what harm I have done you. It shall never be something I can right within your lifetime, and that is something I will live with, as it was my choice to do as I did, but now I am offering my help." Her breathing slowed and her heart rate slowly fell. "You are by no means required to take my help, if you should feel more comfortable without it, and I would respect that." Her face had been hidden in her hair, but she slowly upturned her head, revealing her warm brown eyes, reddened by her stress. I could see her swallow and imagined she had dry mouth. Having her attention, I continued. "This is merely a suggestion, but I would think it best to have your neck bandaged, or, should you accept it, I offer my blood as a healing agent. Do know," I warned, "should you chose to heal the mark, I could return you to your human life with no physical reminder of what has transpired." There was a light in her eyes, showing relief that I knew would wither with what I said next. "However, consuming my blood will carry a risk – should you die, you will become Methuselah. This effect is temporary. Also, for the remainder of your existence, you will dream of me, as you will be bound to me." She was distraught, her breathing becoming strangled and she shifted away from me unsteadily, still trying to keep her hand clasped to her neck. "On the other hand, should you choose to keep the mark, you will forever be under my protection, but I will warn you that, should you choose to return to your Terran life, the stigma surrounding a person marked is extreme. Methuselah and Terran do not share the best of relations, I am afraid." She looked overwhelmed, to say the least. I surmised that she knew of the stigma of which I spoke and knew that the choice she was making would affect her for the rest of her life. "You have time to make your choice. Until then, I will have one of the Terrans living in the palace come help you to clean your wound. Should you choose to keep the mark, it will heal better if it is clean." I moved at a Terran pace, not wanting to further startle her. I rose and made my way to the throne room entrance, where I hollered for one of the guards, thankfully sired by Emmett. "Bring me a Terran with medical knowledge," I demanded. She bowed and dashed off to do as she was bid. I returned my gaze to the Terran woman, still where I had left her on the floor. "I will remain until the Terran has arrived. Then I shall not linger. However, should you need me for anything, and I emphasize on 'anything', ask for Rosalie." Her gaze shot up to meet my eyes from across the room, bewilderment written so heavily in the creases of her brow. I turned from her gaze, knowing the fear that would soon overtake her visage. I was afraid of her fear. It chilled me to my core. Everything I strove for was to be trustworthy, despite the advantages I held over others. Her fear would be proof of my failure. I did not have the courage to face my failure at that time. Kate returned with a Terran I did not recognize, but that mattered little to me. "Make sure she makes it to my chambers, fed and bandaged. If there is anything else she needs, whatever it may be, make sure she gets it, barring invasion of anyone's privacy. If she asks to be set free, you are to escort her to the nearest Terran town and give her provisions." Kate looked puzzled, but as I led her into the throne room, her breath caught at the sight of the mark. "You fed." "Word will travel soon enough. I have claimed her." I felt the stab of guilt as I used the common phrasing that clearly stated ownership. Any Methuselah would know her as the property of another. It sickened me that there was a system where the only way a Methuselah would not feed on a Terran was if the Terran was laid claim to. It disregarded the fact that a Terran has their own desires, which often does not include being the property of another. "I am sorry to hear you broke your fast." "Do not be sorry for me. I have only caused suffering," I chided, myself more than her, leaving the Terran in her care. I stalked the halls, finally finding myself at my chambers, where I had guests in the sitting room. The first was a hulking man with an impishly handsome grin and vibrant scarlet eyes, my brother Emmett, one of the only tolerable faces I see on a semi regular basis. The second was a tiny woman, with pixie-like features and ever wild hair and garments. Her golden eyes glowed upon seeing me. "Rose!" "Alice?" She bounded forward, embracing me with a fierce hug. After only a moment's hesitation, I gripped her tightly, returning her