Story Title: Ronald Weasley & the Curious Case of Time-Turning Author: LynxGirl90 Main Pairings: Ron/Hermione Time-Period: 1993 - Ron & Hermione's Third Year Hogwarts Story Type: One-Shot Genre: Humor/ Romance Rating: T Backstory: "Ronald Weasley & The Curious Case of Time Turning" really is the actual and full story that gets mentioned in "Chapter 30: Days of Future Past" in my other on-going main story titled, "Sirius Black: The Real Hero." For those who are interested to know how this incident gets mentioned in that story, may visit that story and read that chapter for themselves. This story here, will make more sense then and perhaps would also help more to explain the significance of this incident better:) A/N: Hope everyone enjoys this story as much as I did writing it!:) Ooh, and watch out for a lot of WAFF and Fluff! =) ~oOo Ronald Weasley & the Curious Case of Time-Turning oOo~ "How did you do that?" said Ron, as a million thoughts scoured through his otherwise inactive brain. "What?" said Hermione, joining them. "One minute you were right behind us, the next moment, you were back at the bottom of the stairs again!" he squeaked, pointing at the place where Hermione currently stood, huffing and puffing under the weight of her over-sized bag. "What?" Hermione looked slightly confused. "Oh - I had to go back for something. Oh no -" A seam had split on Hermione's bag. Ron wasn't surprised; not one bit , no. To be frank, Hermione had managed to cram in so many pointless books in it that Ron couldn't help but feel sorry for her bag… because, quite honestly , no bag should have to go through so much torture from any witch irrespective of how pretty or not she was…? (Er... this has to be, without a doubt , one of the weirdest, most nonsensical sentences any sane human should ever have the misfortune to read; and also probably one of the longest known sentences to mankind ever? ). Losing the plot again, now, Weasley? Ron thought to himself, as he unconsciously kicked himself back into a world without Hermione in it (boy, was he glad no one could actually hear the humungous load of crap that runs on in his brain day after day). "Why are you carrying all these around with you?" Ron asked her, as he bent down and helped her with the dozen or so mind-numbingly heavy books. "You know how many subjects I'm taking," said Hermione breathlessly. "Couldn't hold these for me, could you?" she said, piling more books into his hand. "But -" Ron was turning over the books she had handed him, looking at the covers. "You haven't got any of these subjects today. It's only Defense Against the Dark Arts this afternoon." "Oh yes," said Hermione vaguely, but she packed all the books back into her bag just the same. Ron looked quizzically at her, not understanding any of what she was doing or saying. "I hope there's something good for lunch, I'm starving," she added, and she marched off toward the Great Hall. Ron raised his eyebrows as she flicked her bushy hair away from her face and stalked off a little bit more quickly than the normally acceptable standards going by Hermione. Yeah. It's official. It's her obsession for books that has caused this misfortune, really. Hermione, poor girl, has most tragically and irrevocably, slipped into third-stage insanity; either that or her dreadfully brainless cat had eaten its own vomit. Has to be one of the two. "D'you get the feeling Hermione's not telling us something?" Ron asked Harry, trying to seem as nonchalant as possible only to realize he's failed miserably when Harry cocked an eyebrow and folded his hands over his chest in an interrogative-sort-of-way. Ron immediately started to huff and puff and ' pfft! 'and shrug at Harry only to make matters that much worse. Harry's eyebrows merely arched higher than ever before. "Oh, for the love of Merlin's oversized knickers , hold your imagination there, Harry, I beg of you," Ron and started toward the Great Hall. "Oh no, don't you worry about it, Ron," laughed Harry, as the two of them made their way down the stairs and ran after Hermione. "'Cause, you know, even if she really is secretly hooking up with the troll in the girls' bathroom…" he began amidst uncontrollable spurts of laughter. "Oh, here we go again," whined Ron. "No, I'm just saying… You couldn't possibly miss it for the world , I assure you," roared Harry making Ron turn a rather deep shade of crimson in his face. As Harry continued to crack up and lose his head over his own joke, Ron decided to give Harry a taste of his own medicine. Smirking wickedly, he said, "Boy, I wonder what Cho could possibly be up to, right about now," which immediately seemed to do the trick. Harry stopped dead in his tracks and wore an expression of absolute shock and disbelief. "Wh... Wha...? You... Sh.. What...?" stammered Harry, who seemed to have been rendered speechless at the moment. Ron merely shrugged, while sporting an eerily calm expression on his face before tossing out a very smooth, "Yeah, no, last I heard, she stole the snitch that you caught and refuses to spit it out until you'd do the honours…" "Ugh, that's disgusting , Ron!" Mua-haha! thought Ron to himself. Do I know my best friend, or what?! he mused, while laughing uncontrollably at Harry who continued to gag at Ron's sly suggestion earlier. ~oOo-oOo~ That night, all the students were filing back into the Gryffindor common room after a terrific DADA class. Ron, especially, was elated and over the moon that he had successfully tackled the grossly-constipated and nauseatingly hairy giant spider boggart in class this afternoon; so elated that he hardly noticed how disturbed and preoccupied Harry was, or the number of times Hermione had glanced over at him ever since the DADA class ended, as he followed Seamus, Dean, Lavender and Harry into the gold and crimson room. "Did you see me take that banshee?" shouted Seamus. "And the hand!" said Dean, waving his own around. "And Snape in that hat!" squeaked Lavender, as she collapsed on the couch laughing at the memory. "And my mummy!" "I wonder why Professor Lupin's frightened of crystal balls, though," said Lavender thoughtfully. "All in all, I must say, that was the best Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson we've ever had, wasn't it?" said Ron excitedly as he slumped down on to a couch next to the fire. "He seems like a very good teacher," said Hermione approvingly while sitting beside Lavender and stretching her legs out on the sofa. Ron's eyes involuntarily moved away from Hermione's face for a split second only to receive a nudge from Harry which immediately brought him back to earth. "But I wish I could have had a turn with the boggart -" "What would it have been for you?" said Ron, sniggering. "A piece of homework that only got nine out of ten?" "You know, on second thought, I personally think my boggart could have been you ," retorted Hermione, pointing directly at Ron. Everyone in the room hushed up and turned to look at Ron, looking just as confused as Ron felt at the moment. For a split second, Ron's stomach did such an uncomfortable jolt, he feared his bottom might just fall ' thud! ' to the floor before realizing Hermione wasn't done talking just yet, "dressed as a giant cockroach !" she squealed and squirmed making the rest of the room roar back with laughter. Ron scoffed too, trying very hard to keep his face as straight as possible, while simmering with hurt. "What... Am I that frightful?" he asked smiling widely while also trying to sound as uninterested as possible. "You terrorize me, Ron!" teased Hermione. "Every time I hear a commotion in the corridors, I find myself wishing and praying that it's not you again about your rat!" she said, half-smiling, half-laughing. The others, including Harry, sniggered and giggled at Ron while hi-fiving Hermione. Ron scowled. She always did that. Always. Why did she always have to do that, though? Ron scowled as his face burned red with embarrassment while the others continued to roll with peals of laughter. "Yeah, well," he began, "at least the boggart's saved as far as looks are concerned," said Ron, sniggering at Harry and Seamus while secretly seething with sarcasm and revenge. "I mean, imagine if Hermione's lovely charms had rubbed off on it," he said, leaning against Dean on the couch, "it would've ended up looking like a cross between a very hairy Crookshanks and the swotty head of Hermione herself!" he said, cracking up a little more than necessary, which, unfortunately made him sound a tad bit deranged. Dean and Seamus had all but lost it as they passed out on the couching laughing their heads off while Lavender and Harry merely looked stunned at what Ron had said. Harry glared at Ron as if asking him to shut up. "And that's not all!" he continued. "She'd also be the first witch ever to have a boggart that looks just like her!" Dean and Seamus were in splits now as tears poured from their eyes while Harry and Lavender mutely watched the scene quite unsure how to react. "I mean," he continued (It's shocking how he still finds the need to continue, I know ), "it's one thing to be unsightly , but to be afraid of oneself to a point where your own face is your boggart is totally unheard of !" Dean thumped the couch so hard, it made Harry cough uncontrollably. Hermione, on the other hand, looked like she was mustering up every muscle in her body to remain calm. "Oh, the horror, my eyes… MY EYES! " Ron continued to bawl, completely oblivious of the effect his words were having on Hermione. Harry shook his head in disbelief at Ron's complete lack of tact in wooing The Girl he's had a (secret) crush on forever. Also, Hermione was his best friend. No one, not even 'Dickhead Ron' is allowed to hurt her this way. So Harry, instead, tried to catch Hermione's eye to give her some sort of comfort and reassurance that their dear friend had unfortunately lost all the screws in his brains and that she shouldn't take him at all seriously. Quite predictably, though, she had eyes only for one person in the room at the moment. "Are you done?" Hermione asked shakily, while Ron rolled on the couch with laughter with Dean and Seamus who were discussing other ridiculous scenarios and possibilities where a boggart could look like other parts in one's body. Ron was so doubled up with laughter that he couldn't get himself to straighten up and look at her just yet. Before he could wipe his eyes and calmed down, however, she had already stormed out of the common room. Ron's face fell. He looked over at Harry who was eyeing him dangerously. " Well…? " he asked, with raised eyebrows. "Are you going to simply sit there?" he asked, his tone bordering on mild psychosis. "Alright, alright," he said, shrugging innocently at him while still trying to stifle the laugh that was threatening to escape his mouth. "I'll go," Ron mumbled, but practically made a dash out of the common room. "Hey, Hermione!" he called out as soon as he reached the hallway that led to the girls' and boys' dormitories and saw that she was almost at the foot of the landing that led to the third-year dorms. "Forget it, Ron. Just leave me alone!" she cried as tears flooded down her face. "Hermione, wait! I was just… I didn't mean to…" "Honestly, you're such an arse , Ronald Weasley!" she cried one more time before adding, "and thanks a lot