Disclaimer : The only thing I own is the plot and any original ideas. It's a bit OC of Katniss and Haymitch but that goes without saying anyway. If you don't like it, don't read it. If you do like it though, feel free to read and review! Summary : Taken place when Katniss, Haymitch and Peeta are all back in District 12 but Katniss and Peeta don't have kids yet, they're both unmarried and they're both seventeen. With Prim dead and Katniss and Peeta still both having flashbacks, can they stick together through thick and thin or will they fall apart? And who will be there for her when she needs help the most? Rating: M for language, violence, and other bad stuff Chapter One: Home Again . . . . I wake up to screaming but not sure if it's Peeta's or my own. Either way, it doesn't really matter because neither of us has gotten much sleep since we came back. Every night for the past two weeks since we've come home to whatever sad fragment of a house that was left, one of us has woken up screaming our head off in the middle of the night. The flashbacks of everything since the first Hunger Games we were thrown in have tortured our minds and have left traces in our nightmares. It's even gotten so bad to the point where we've unintentionally taken turns clawing each other in panic and terror during these nightmares. With a tightness in my chest and my hair matted to my head with sweat, I instantly know that it had been me screaming. I feel cold hands on my shoulders and back and recognize them as his. I take gasping breaths and then realize to my embarrassment and frustration that I'm also crying. "Hey… hey, it's okay, Katniss. I-It was just a bad dream…" His voice should be soothing to me but his hesitation halfway through gives me doubts. Nothing that happened was okay. Rue shouldn't have been killed at all. Little Rue, who reminded me so much of Prim, and Prim… she definitely shouldn't have been killed. Finnick should have gone back to his wife Annie, and my mother shouldn't have abandoned me for a second time. None of this was okay. It all seemed like a bad dream. I feel Peeta's fingers gently caress my dark hair in a weak attempt to calm me and I feel guilty for not being able to let him help me. I try and take several slow breaths, just like Haymitch had taught me when my panic attacks and night terrors were at an all time high. He had taken over for my mother in taking care of me and Peeta as well between his sober times and casual drunkenness. I never thought I'd ever say this but I don't know where we would be now if it hadn't been for him; Actually, I do know but I try not to let my mind wander into those dark places. "I-I'm okay," I assure both of us even though I'm not a hundred percent sure. "I'm a-alright…" I know he's not convinced by my assurance because he's silent for several moments, letting out a soft sigh. Finally, I feel his gentle touch leave me and the bed shift slightly as he stands up but I don't want him to leave quite yet. I am ashamed to admit how much more selfish and dependent on him I've become since we came back. "What t-time is it?" I somehow manage to ask in the dim light of the rising sun. I'm not looking at him but I know he's looking at the sad excuse for a wall clock behind him. "Almost five. I'll go make some tea for us. Do you feel up to taking a bath?" The way he asks this makes me even more embarrassed but I know he means it sincerely and not sarcastically. The truth is, I really don't feel up to taking one but I know I need one. I nod weakly and then wrap my arms around my small, fragile body and walk into the small bathroom. I only half-heartedly close the door and begin to undress as the floorboards indicate to me that he's left the room and walked out into our tiny kitchen that we now share. I ignore the dusty, old mirror as I fill the cramped barrel up with lukewarm water and easily fit my limbs and emaciated torso inside it before I begin to scrub the dirt and grime off my skin. I'm almost grateful Prim can't see me right now. She'd force feed me and spread guilt trips on how I need to eat for Peeta and take care of him better. I don't need her to tell me that though. I know deep down that he's suffering as much as me, if not more right now. Since we came back, his PTSD rages from being hijacked at the Capitol still haven't let up very much but I'm patient as I can be with him. I know the real Peeta is still in there deep down. I must have been in here awhile because the next thing I hear is Peeta's voice calling down the hallway and asking if I'm okay, but there's something in the tone that suggests fear of me having done something to myself as well. I nod stupidly but then realize he can't see me nod. "I'm f-fine!" I call out weakly back, my voice being underused since I haven't said much to anyone. I hear his footsteps hesitate on the floor again but then hear Peeta walk back into the kitchen. It figures; he's afraid I'm going to kill myself. I admit that the thought's crossed my mind more than a few times since I've come back but I selfishly know if Peeta ever found me bleeding out or strung up, he wouldn't want to live anymore. I'm pretty much the only thing he has left besides his mother and the bakery but he hasn't been able to work there properly because of his nightmares and the spiders crawling in his head, corrupting any decent memories he might have of me. I also can't stand thinking of the look on Haymitch's face if he ever found out I offed myself. I don't want to give him any more reasons to drink himself into oblivion than he already has. I rinse myself of the sweet vanilla and honey grass smelling soap and then force myself out and dry my body off. I fight the urge to crawl back into the long shirt I had been in last night so I pull on my hunting pants and a long sleeved shirt that almost hangs off my body because no one's forced me to eat when I don't feel like it. I lazily braid my hair down my back and then walk down the hall into the small kitchen where Peeta is standing by the window looking out. I already know what he's thinking of but I'm afraid he's going to fly into one of his spells. "The Capitol burned the District to the ground, killing everyone we loved. Real or not real?" I ask weakly, softly in an attempt to try and keep him in reality and his feet on the ground. He's quiet for a few moments before he finally answers. "Real. Except the bakery, r-right? And my mother? They're still alive, real or not real?" I take the fact that he considers the bakery alive in and I feel an ache in my chest again. "Real." I watch him nod in understanding and then sit down at the table. I also sit down and begin hold the mug of hot tea in my hands to try and warm them up from the chill outside that creeps in through the nooks and crannies of the house. We're both silent for what seems like ages until we both jump sky high when there's a knock at the door. We both look at each other with equally curious expressions. We both know it can only be one person. I don't have the energy to get up again so Peeta takes my stillness as cue to get up and go answer the door. I look down at my tea as I hear Haymitch's voice after Peeta opens it. "Good morning, lovebirds! How are the victors doing this morning?" From the false happiness in his voice I can tell that he's already cracked open a bottle, or probably never stopped drinking since we came home. A part of me doesn't want him here but the other part of me feels bad for the very opposite. His drunken appearance is acknowledgement that we're all in this suffering together and he's doing just as bad as we are; his being here in this awful state makes me feel better in knowing that the events that happened has messed with all of us and gave us more baggage we didn't already need. There seems to be a blank look of shock on Peeta's face and I can just tell it's going to be a rough day for him, which goes without saying it'll be a rough day for me too. Haymitch recognizes this look instantly and a flash of sympathy comes across his face. "I was your mentor in the first Hunger Games you were in, real or not real?" Haymitch asks as he looks down at Peeta with bloodshot eyes. There's a long pause and my stomach twists uncomfortably until Peeta finally answers him. "R-Real…?" A small smile appears on Haymitch's face now and he gently pats Peeta on the shoulder before looking sympathetic again. "That's right, kiddo." I take a long sip of my now lukewarm tea as I watch Haymitch sit down at our table with his tired and identical Seam eyes and see him look at me with them. "How are you doing, sweetheart?" "Better than you, by the looks of it," I answer almost bitterly before I can bite my tongue. I don't know where this is coming from but I can't help being resentful of our ex-mentor. He was the only one who was able to keep me alive not only during both Hunger Games but even after we came back to our broken and burned District, but he wasn't able to quit drinking the whole time. He gives me a drunken smirk and shakes his head in what I can only fathom must be disbelief for him. "Just because you're not drunk doesn't mean you're doing better than I am, Katniss. Don't fool yourself, sweetheart," he almost taunts me. I see Peeta look at Haymitch with a disapproving and almost angry fire in his own eyes and for a split second I can't tell if he's going to hurt him or myself but then he sits down by where his own tea is and I relax slightly. Normally I can ignore Haymitch's habit of calling me by the passive-aggressive pet name but for some reason today, it's already getting to me. "Take another look at yourself, Haymitch. It's not even seven in the morning and you're already plastered. You can't go an hour a day without being totally shitfaced! Who's fooling who around here?" I exclaim, shooting him the darkest glare I can muster. I'm purposely trying to get him riled up but I know I failed when he just chuckles and smiles at me. I don't know where my sudden tears are coming from but I know they're out of anger and spite and bitterness of a pill that I still haven't been able to totally swallow yet. "That's right, Haymitch! Laugh and smile that shit eating grin you always give me because you haven't lost anything! You don't have anything to be angry for or anything to fight for anymore!" I jump up and yell at him as