Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight! A/N – This was originally an abandoned story written by Athey and put up for adoption. Only the first chapter is hers, and it has been reposted with permission. There will be more below! Premise: It's 2 weeks before the beginning of senior year, and one day Edward wakes up human, Yup, that's it! Bella I was slowly regaining consciousness. The weak light from outside my little window was creeping through and hitting me directly on the face. I knew for it to be this far into the room already, it had to be getting a little late. Later then I usually allowed myself to sleep, and later then Edward usually let me sleep too. That was when I first noticed that something was amiss. I could feel his weight on the bed beside me; the familiar sagging in the bed that always alerted me to his presence there, but something was off. Instead of that side of my body feeling the normal chill I'd grown so accustomed to it was... warm? I slowly opened my eyes, trying to clear the fog out of my head enough to make sense of this oddity. There, inches from my face was Edward, but again... something was off. His eyes were closed. He was usually staring into my face when I woke up, anxiously awaiting for me to finally regain consciousness. His mouth was parted slightly and he was breathing, deeply and slowly. If I hadn't known better, I would have sworn he was asleep. I reached my hand out from the blankets to caress his cheek... What? It was… warm . He didn't move. He didn't respond to my touch. Instead of the hard cold marble I was accustomed to I felt... Stubble? I quickly propped myself up on my right elbow, my left hand still touching his face. "Edward?" I said quietly, unsure. Was I still sleeping? Was this a dream? "Edward!" I said louder, more urgently. I moved my hand to his shoulder and shook him lightly. His arm was soft and warm. My vision was clearer now, and as I studied his features more closely I began to notice more subtle changes. His jaw line and cheek bones were much softer; rounded out a little more than before. And his skin was notably darker. Panic was beginning to rise in my chest. I shook him again, more forcefully now. "Edward! Please!" He began to stir, and I froze. He closed his mouth and scrunched up his forehead, his eyes still closed. His tongue darted out slightly and licked over his dry lips before vanishing back into his mouth. His eyes began to slowly flutter open, blinking rapidly, trying to focus through a haze of... sleep? Green. They were green. I gasped. His eyes widened at the sound and he looked at me with concern. "Bella? What's wro-" He stopped mid-word. Shocked by the sound of his own voice; it was still Edward, but it was also distinctly different. It was a little more rough, and didn't have nearly the same musical quality to it I'd grown so accustomed to. He inhaled a deep breath and his eyes widened. He did it again. Breathing in deeply and then slowly exhaling. His eyes darted to mine, confusion flooding them. "Edward, are you okay?" I asked tentatively; still too much in shock to think of what else to do. "I... I don't know." He slowly pushed himself upwards from the bed to prop himself up on his elbow, mirroring my own position. "What... was I just..." His voice trailed off, laced with shock and confusion. " Sleeping ." I said stunned. His eyes darted back to mine, even wider. "Sleeping!?" His startled response cracked out and the sound coming out of his own mouth seemed to shock him again. He brought up his free hand to his mouth and cleared his throat, coughing roughly for a moment. "I'm... I'm breathing. I... Oh my god, Bella my... my heart is pounding in my chest. It feels like it's going to explode." His eyes looked panicked and shocked. But I could sympathize with the feeling of the pounding heart. My own felt like it was about to explode from my chest. The utterly bizarre events unfolding around us right now were sending every sense into overdrive. "Does it hurt? I mean... does your chest hurt, or is it just..." "No... It's not painful." His eyes darted down to his chest. He pressed his hand against it, over the spot where his previously dead heart resided in his chest cavity. He gasped. "Jesus Bella... it's really beating..." Instinctively my hand shot over to join his and as we touched he jerked away as if shocked, his eyes flying back up to mine. "What?" I asked, startled by the sudden reaction. He paused for a moment before reaching his hand out to meet with mine. Slowly and tentatively, his fingers touched mine, interweaving with them and then finally fully clasping them together, palm-to-palm. His breathing was deep and rapid. I was suddenly afraid he might hyperventilate if he didn't calm down. Holy crap! I was afraid that Edward was going to hyperventilate?!? We lay there in stunned silence for a moment, our hands together, my eyes trained on his confused expression, and his eyes trained intensely on our hands. His breathing slowly became more regular as he held my hand and I could see it was calming him down some. My mind was still racing. Still confused, still... I don't know. This is insane! "Edward... What happened? How? I mean... are you..?" My words tumbled out in a rush. His eyes darted back up to meet mine again before darting around the room searching for answers where there were none. Finally he looked back at me, still seemingly at a loss for words. "Bella," he said slowly. He seemed to be analyzing the sound of his own voice. "Bella," he repeated once more, not even really talking to me this time. Rather, I think he was saying it just for something to say. Something to say, to hear the sound of his strange new voice again. "Edward?" I asked slowly. "I... I think I'm human again," he said slowly, looking me in the eyes with intensity and shock. His eyes were incredible. The green was beyond anything I'd ever imagined. The outermost circle was a deep forest green, followed next by a bright glowing emerald that slowly transitioned back into a deeper green where it met his black pupil. The emerald sparkled and reflected the dim light in the room and I felt myself become completely lost in it for a moment. "Bella?" he said, trying to prompt a response this time. "Ha.... How?" I stammered. "I have... absolutely no idea," he said, looking away from me and staring intently at his hand. He slowly flexed his fist open and closed, his eyes examining it with strange curiosity. Slowly he pushed himself upright into a sitting position, still not taking his eyes off his hand. He stretched his arm outward in front of him before bringing it back in. Bending his various joints individually, experiencing the strange new feeling of his... his human muscles. "Edward, are you alright? I mean... do you think anything is... wrong? I don't know... okay obviously something is wrong... but..." I stuttered out the jumbled words as I followed him in sitting upright on the bed, pushing the blankets away and bunching them up by my feet. I watched him cautiously as he continued to stretch out his other arm and repeat the same maneuvers as earlier. Slowly he lowered both of his arms to his sides, pressing them against the bed. He swiveled his body, his legs moving outwards and bending down till his feet found the floor. Not even thinking, I jumped out of the bed and hurried around to the opposite side to help him out if he needed it. He paused, still silent, still deep in his own thoughts. His socked feet were placed carefully on the floor as he sat cautiously on the ends of the bed, each hand still pressed firmly into the mattress on each side of him. He pushed off and stood up, unsteadily. He gasped and I saw shock cross his face; I immediately recognized the feeling behind the expression. His balance wasn't there. He felt unsteady. That was a feeling I was familiar with. I reached out and grabbed his arm to steady him, his arms quickly wrapping around my own body at the shock of the unfamiliar dizziness he'd just experienced. He gasped again as he realized the position we were in. He was holding into me with a strange desperation I'd never really seen happen with him. Granted, I'd only known Edward about seven months, but I felt like we'd experienced a lot during that short time. The only time I'd ever really encountered a truly desperate Edward was when I was lying in my own blood on that damned ballet studio floor, and I was barely conscious for that, so it almost didn't count. But even then, he was still the stronger one. Right now I couldn't help but feel that out of the two of us, the weakest, most fragile one at the moment was not me. It was a strange realization. It was... scary. "Edward... Edward I think we need to call Carlisle." I said finally. His eyes seemed to focus on me and I finally got a response of some sort out of him. "Yes... Yes you're right. I... we... oh God Bella... it's so hard to think right now. My head is this... this jumbled mess. I can't think straight." "It's okay. I'll call him." I was still holding him up and the heat from his body pressed up against me was strange... but nice. Maybe better than nice….. "Maybe you should sit back down on the bed, okay? I'm not sure it's a great idea for you to be standing right now." He nodded slowly and began to ease himself back onto the bed. His eyes were distant. Like he was trying to think and his mind was far away. "You wait here and I'll be right back, okay?" I said cautiously as I headed towards the door. I left slowly and tried not to startle him too much, but the second the door was closed I bolted down the stairs at top speed. I inwardly thanked my lucky stars that it was Saturday and Charlie would be gone all day fishing with Billy. I reached the wall-mounted phone at the very base of the stairs and pulled the wireless handset out from its place there, quickly dialing the Carlisle's number. I heard the line connect and Carlisle's silky voice answered. "Hello?" "Oh Carlisle! Thank God I got you. Something's wrong. Something happened to Edward. I don't know what's going on exactly, but, but... but... " "Bella, calm down. What's wrong? Something happened to Edward? Where is he?" "He's up in my room, sitting on my bed... But Carlisle, he's-" "Okay, I'm heading to my car; I'll be there in a few minutes." I could hear the sound of his car door closing and the ignition of the engine in the background. "You said that something has happened to him?" "When I woke up this morning he was..." I faltered here. I knew that Edward's family was all more than aware that he was spending his nights with me, but somehow it still felt awkward to tell his father that he had woken up in my bed... oh to hell with it. "He was lying there next to me... but... but Carlisle, he was asleep. " There was a moment of silence at his end. "Asleep?" "He was sleeping. As in unconscious . And... He's warm . His heart is beating... he... he..." "His heart is w hat?"