I walk down the stair in a pair of sweats and a hoodie to the kitchen to get something to eat. I groan, looking at the calendar, only two more weeks until school starts. I found a note from my parents on the fridge. Dear Scarlett, We went on a business trip with the Malfoy. Since, we're not going to be back in time to see you go back to school; Draco will be staying at our house. This way you guys can keep each other out of trouble and make sure the others gets everything ready for school. He'll be here at 7:30 am if you don't wake up early enough; he knows where his room is. Love, Mum and Dad I look at the clock, seeing it was noon. 'Just great, he's in my house, but where?' I thought. Three girly screams echo through the house. I ran to the living room to see Malfoy, Flint, and Zabini standing up on the couch holding on to each other. "How may I help thee damsels," I took a mocking fight stance. "Oh shoves it, you have a big brown rat running around here." Zabini points in the direction of a arm chair by them. "Come on out Puddin." I call out to my cat. "I'm right here, love." Flint smirks. I gave him the finger. "Come on Puddin, no need to be scared of the ugly boys." I bent down to make her more comfortable. "Hey, I'm not ugly." Malfoy yells. "Be quiet gits, you're scaring her. Come on out Puddin," I call out for her again. She finally came out from under the chair and jump into my arms. I stood up, cradling her. "It's a cat," Malfoy jumps off the couch and walk over to me. "No duh," I roll my eyes. "You should keep it in a cage." He snaps. I cover her ears and gave Malfoy an evil glare. "Don't listen to him baby, mommy would never do that to you." I put her down on the floor. "She's a part of the family, she has no cage." I flip my hair in his direction. "Come on Puddin, I'll make you some fish." I walk into the kitchen with her right on my trail. I open a can of tuna, and mix it up with her dry cat food before serving it to her. I ran up the stairs and change into a pair of denim jeans and black shirt that had 'Girls will be Girls and Boys will be Toys' written in white on the front. I let out a sigh when I stare at my reflection. I had a large bust, soft stomach, wide hips that came along with a bubble butt, and thick thighs. It wasn't that I was unhappy with my body, I was fine with myself. I knew for a fact that some guys genuinely appreciate it too. It was frustrating when Malfoy, Flint, or any of the Slytherin guys flirt with me, because I knew I wasn't their type. I seen the girls that they date, they were all thin beauties. I have seen other chubby girls try to get with them, they were all rejected. The only reason they flirt with me is because my family was the second richest and high ranking death eaters after the Malfoys. Now, I had to put up with two weeks of fake hearted wooing. I got enough of that at Hogwarts. I walk back into the living room, where I was push against the wall. I look up and saw Flint. "I'll be your toy." He said in a seductive voice. I use all my strength to push him off. "You wish," I said coldly, walking past him. I saw Puddin sitting on Zabini's lap. "Looks like Puddin like you," I sat down next to him. "If you're talking about yourself, you're cockier than I thought." He jokes. This was the reason he was the only Slytherin I could tolerant. He was always friendly and jokes around with me. He never made a move on me. I figure seeing his mom's multiple relationships, put him off from marrying for money and status. "Shut up," I push his shoulder playfully. She jumps on me, licking my face "Stop Puddin. That tickles." I giggle, grabbing her and giving her back to Zabini. "When did you get this one?" He asks, petting her. "In the beginning of this summer," I told him. A punch of smoke came out of the fireplace, making me jump. Allison, my best friend, walk out of the smoke with her black hair tied in a ponytail with a skull head band on with a pair of black skinny jeans on and a weird sisters t-shirt. I ran up to her giving her a big hug. "I missed you," I squeal. "I missed you too. I've been staying at the Weasley." She hugs me tightly. She was famous for giving hugs that made you gasp for air when she let you go. "Weasley's? Forget them stay here." I pout, pulling back from the embrace. "Come stay with us, they won't mind. It is so much fun there." She told me about how she and the twin pull pranks on everyone. "Can't, I have to babysit Malfoy." I joke. I really couldn't go, because he would blow the whistle on me so fast. "Hey, you're not babysitting me." He snaps. "What did you do to get a punishment like that? Anyways I got some good news, George Weasley is my boyfriend." She ignores him. "You call that good news." Malfoy laughs. "Sure, it's not Fred." I tease, ignoring him also. "Yes, I'm sure." She pushes me. "How was the quidditch championship thing?" I ask. I heard what happen from the newspaper, but I want to make sure everything was alright with her. "The Quidditch World Cup was fun. I don't know why you didn't go." She emphasizes on the correct name of the sporting event. She begs for me to come all the way up to the day before. "I don't understand that stupid sport, who knows where any of the balls are half the time." I complain. I didn't watch at Hogwart, why would I watch the world cup. "All for the best you didn't considering what happen after." She pushes her lips into a thin line. "At least he waited until after the game." I try to lighten the mood. She points her death stare at me. "I'm only joking." I put my hands up in surrender. "I really came over to ask you if you want to go to Diagon Alley next week." She asks. "Sure, I still got to get school supplies." I accept the offer. "Okay, I'll send you an owl with final details. Bye." She gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek. She went back into the fireplace and yell, "Weasley's burrow!" A big puff of smoke follow and like that she was gone. "You shouldn't be hanging with those Gryffindor." Flint put his arm around my shoulder. "What?" I snap. Who did he think he was telling me what to do? "You are a Slytherin. How is it going to look if you're hanging out with those freaks," He hisses. "Allison is not a freak." I push him against the wall, pointing a finger in his face. "And if you ever talk like that about her again, I'll hex your ass." I threaten. "You wouldn't even dare try," he hisses. "We both know I would. I'm a Slytherin and the Ice Queen. I'm not on the quidditch team. I don't have to worry about getting cut, because that's the only reason why anyone respects you." I must have hit a nerve, because he grab both of my shoulders and flip us over, so I was against the wall. Our faces were only an inch apart. "Don't you ever disrespect me like that you little sl..." He was interrupted by Puddin biting his leg. She held on as Flint screams and ran around the room. Malfoy and I were laughing while Zabini was watching with wide eyes. "Puddin, that's enough." I said once I was able to stop laughing. She let go and fell onto the arm chair on the right. I sat down besides Zabini on the couch, while Malfoy sat on the arm chair on the left side. Flint plops down on the other side of me, putting his feet on my lap. "What's your problem today, Flint?" I push his bloody leg off of me. "What am I going to tell my parent about my leg?" He puts it back on. "That's an easy one. You say, Mum I was acting like a bone head, bossing Miss. Higgins around. When she wasn't having it, I threaten her. Her cat got scared and bites me." I mock his low slow voice. "That's soon to Mrs. Malfoy." Malfoy interjects before Flint could responds. "Let's get one thing straight, I wouldn't marry any of you but if I had to my new name would be Scarlett Zabini." I snap. I hope that this would make them back off for a while. It was ridiculous that they were chasing me for money and status, especially when they already had those things. "You think Blaise is the best man out of all of us?" Flint asks. "Yes," I stood up, walking over to the stairs with Puddin following me. "Flint cleans up your leg, before it drips on my couch." I walk up stairs and into my room. I let out a big sigh falling back on my silk covered bed. Puddin jump up and curl up by my side. The door burst open and Malfoy came marching in. "What the bloody hell was that all about?" He snaps causing me to sit up. I put my hand up telling him to calm down. "If you're going to bring friends over keep them out of my way." I told him, completely drain of emotions. "The same goes for you." He sneers. "Fine by me, now leave." I lay back down, hearing the door slam shut. "Jerk," I mutter under my breath. I walk down stairs in a jean skirt, gray v-neck shirt, and pair of black sneakers. I grab my hidden muggle cereal that Alison showed me. I made myself some captain crunch. I ran to put the cereal back in its hiding spot, when I heard someone coming. Malfoy came in demanding one of the house elves to make him a big breakfast. "Did you mean what you said yesterday?" He took a seat across from me. "I said a lot of things yesterday, so quote me." I scoop some cereal into my mouth. "Let's get one thing straight, I wouldn't marry any of you but if I had to my new name would be Scarlett Zabini." Draco mocks me, in a high pitched girly voice. "What about it?" I glare at him. "Do you really think Blaise is a better man than me?" He asks. "Yeah I do," I answer. It was annoying that he was making like he care about my opinion. If it wasn't for my last name, I'd be another chubby girl on his rejection list. "Why?" He asks. I roll my eyes at him. Did he really need to ask that? He has to know that he acts like a complete ass majority of the time. Before I could answer Allison's owl, Sorrow, came flying in with a letter tied to her leg. I read it out loud, "Dear Scarlett, I have sort of good news. Mr. Weasley is going to be busy at work, because of what happen at the Qudditch World Cup. Mrs. Weasley has to leave to take care of a sick family member. I made the suggestion that we stay at your place. This means that the whole Weasley family would be coming with