"Bye Dad!" I nearly sang, as Edward lifted my luggage into the trunk of his car. Charlie rolled his eyes at my enthusiasm. "Bye, Bells. Have fun, and don't forget to call me once in a while." "Sure, Dad. Don't worry, Carlisle and Esme will be there." I was going to stay with Edward for a week during the school holidays, courtesy of Alice. I'd have to get her a thank-you present for all her efforts. Edward thought that going shopping with her without complaining would be a great idea, and I knew it would make her dizzy with excitement. But the thought of going shopping with Alice, not to mention her numerous credit cards, still made me feel very uncomfortable. Edward started the car and drove out of Charlie's sight. I wondered what Rosalie would say when I reached the house. As far as I knew, though she was remorseful about what had happened with the Volturi, she was still upset that I was considered a part of her family, and she hated me for threatening the lifestyle they'd led for years. I trembled in fear, and thinking I was cold, Edward released my hand from his grasp. I looked down into my lap, thanking God yet again that I was the one person whose thoughts he couldn't hear. He grabbed a jacket from the back seat and handed it to me; the car didn't swerve an inch. I sighed. I still wasn't used to his expert driving skills. He smirked in response. I put the jacket on and stared at his perfect face, his perfect features. His soft, burnished gold eyes, sharp, tall nose, and full, sensuous lips; I couldn't get used to the fact that he was mine. I blushed when I realized how stupid I looked, staring at him with my mouth wide open. He stopped the car. Of course, we'd already reached. I shook my head at his speeding habits before getting out of the car and admiring the beautiful, timeless house. It was an amazing work of art. How ironic that a coven of vampires lived inside it. "Ready?" He asked. "Yes, let's go." I passed him his jacket as we walked, I wouldn't need it inside the house. I could hear the television; I wondered who was watching it. We stepped inside, where Carlisle and Esme were standing next to the grand piano. I felt an awkward sense of déjà vu, this was where they stood the first time I entered the house. "Hi Carlisle, hi Esme. I love your home." I grimaced, that was such a stupid thing to say. Edward squeezed my hand. Emmett ran down from upstairs. "No, you love Edward!" I blushed and looked down. "Hi, Emmett." "Emmett!" Esme scolded. "Don't make her feel awkward." "It's okay, Esme." I felt bad that he was being told off because of me. "Of course it's okay. Emmett can say anything he wants. This is his home. Not hers." Rosalie had come downstairs, and her beautiful voice was scathing. Edward growled in response. Then I heard Emmett say "Rose", but his angry words became too low and fast for me to understand. Rosalie answered quickly and vehemently, it sounded like they were having a terrible argument. I was grieved that Emmett and Rosalie were still fighting because of me. I didn't know what came over me, but suddenly, I ran out of the house, utterly overwhelmed. Once I saw Edward's car, I felt incredibly stupid. I'd definitely hurt Esme's feelings by leaving so abruptly. Not knowing what else to do, I slowly sank down and sat on the grass until Edward came and sat with me. I saw the hurt on his face and felt like kicking myself. I stood up and immediately wiped my tears away; I would be brave if it could erase his hurt. "Sorry. I think I'm just having mood swings. You know, teenager symptoms. Let's go back inside." My reasoning was absolutely ridiculous, but Edward humoured me. "Are you sure? Do you want to go somewhere else? Should we check into a hotel by the beach?" I shook my head, his generous words making me even more remorseful. "I could bring you straight to my room. We'll use the window, we don't have to meet the others yet," he offered. "No, it's okay. I want to apologize to Carlisle and Esme." He held my hand as we walked into the house. I was relieved to see that Rosalie and Emmett were nowhere in sight. When I saw Esme's face, regret coursed through me, mingled with a fresh sense of humiliation. I bit my lip, and my face reddened. "Carlisle, Esme, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to behave like that." Esme opened her arms in a hug, and I ran forward and squeezed her tight. When she released me, Edward grabbed me and flew to his room. Before I realized what was happening, I was lying on his bed and he was kissing me everywhere, my lips, my hair, my face. I wanted to apologize to him, but he didn't give me a chance to speak. I couldn't remember my name. I didn't try to respond, didn't run my fingers through his bronze-coloured hair. Instead, I smiled as he kissed me, closing my eyes and enjoying the feeling of his cold hard lips all over my skin. He kissed me far longer than he had ever done... "Bella?" "Hmm?" I opened my eyes and stared into liquid gold eyes. "I was just wondering if you'd fallen asleep. Usually you'd be all over me, trying to force me to take off my clothes. Although I really can't understand why you'd bother forcing a vampire to do something he doesn't want to do." "Because I know the vampire actually wants to do it." He grinned. "Are you hungry? You should eat; you'll need the energy for what Alice is planning for you later." I thought about what that could mean and cringed, then recovered and reached up to touch his cheek. "You are very good at distractions. What's for lunch?" "Something I made before I left to pick you up." I jumped up and went downstairs. "Where's everyone?" "They've gone hunting. They'll be gone for two days. I lied about Alice." He grinned, taking the food out of the fridge and popping it into the microwave. "You have a microwave oven?" I asked incredulously. I'd never noticed it before. "Esme and I are practising different recipes. Esme likes to bake, but I prefer cooking different dishes. I like watching you eat full meals I made for you." He placed the food and cutlery in front of me before I had the chance to feel embarrassed. "Kitsune Udon. Enjoy!" I didn't know how hungry I was until I smelled the noodles. I ate quickly, and they tasted perfect. Not too salty, not too sweet. "Mm, this is good. The noodles are perfectly chewy." I sighed in content. "I didn't know you mastered the art of Japanese food, too." I picked up the beancurd skin with my chopsticks and savoured the refreshing, sweet taste, and the intriguing texture, almost like an omelette. The beancurd skin took on the flavour of the braising sauce perfectly, a delicious mix of soy sauce, sugar and sweet rice wine. "Are you done?" Edward asked. I nodded, and while he washed the cutlery in the sink, I admired his face for the billionth time. He was so perfect. Clear yet deep eyes, a tall sharp nose, lips that would crush any model's ego, and skin that was so milky and smooth. My eyes wandered to his chest, where he was muscular, but not bulky. His arms were well-toned, and his every movement was so graceful. He ducked his head. "You're looking at me so intently. It makes me feel self-conscious." "Don't be," I said. For some reason, my voice was husky. Maybe the soup had scalded my throat. He turned and walked towards me, and I pressed my mouth ever so slightly against his before pulling away. He looked surprised, and I didn't blame him. Usually I wasn't so bold. He copied me, leaning forward slightly and pressing his cold hard lips to mine. He pulled away, and I yearned for more. Hearing him growl, a small smile spread across my lips. I got off the chair and stood on my toes. This time, I traced his perfect lips with the tip of my tongue before melding my lips to his stone hard mouth. Shivering, I felt his teeth graze along the side of my face before he kissed me passionately, over and over again. I pulled away to breathe, but his lips did not leave my skin; they just travelled up and down my neck. I didn't know what to do next. In my own room, yes, I might have kissed him as if I were demented. But this was his house, and I didn't know why, but I suddenly felt awkward kissing him in his dining room, even though I knew that nobody else was in the house. Truth be told, that thought made me even more nervous. I was here, alone, with him and no one else, and in his house. Charlie was not in the room next to us, and we could do anything we wanted. Edward looked at me with a questioning look in his eyes, but I just shook my head before placing one hand on the side of his face. "So perfect." I spoke slowly, emphasizing every syllable. I let my hand fall, but Edward caught it and brought it up to his lips to kiss it, the way some people greet each other. "May I have this dance?" My brow furrowed. Dance? I caught sight of Edward's face, and my fear of dancing evaporated. I played along and curtsied, pretending to hold on to an imaginary skirt. Edward hummed a song and we danced to it, following his lead. I tripped too many times to count, but he didn't let me fall. I felt safe with him, I admitted to myself. I smiled at the thought. He ended the song he was humming and we both bowed to each other, signalling the end of the dance. I giggled; I'd never done anything like that before, dancing in someone's living room. "Edward?" I felt slightly apprehensive about asking him my next question. "Can we play chess?" He looked perplexed. "Chess?" I blushed. "Well, besides your games against Alice, you probably haven't played a fair game in the last few decades, and I was wondering if I could change that status." He disappeared for all of two seconds before I saw him sitting at the dining table with a chess set in front of him, all the pieces neatly laid out. "Would you prefer black or white, love?" I grinned. "Black." Playing chess with Edward was interesting. I would move a piece, and he would furrow his marble brow, leaving me wondering if he was thinking about which piece to move next, or whether he was trying to read my thoughts, something we both now knew was impossible. At one point, while I was considering whether to move my castle or my knight, he leaned over the table and planted a kiss on my forehead. I lost my train of thought, and shifted one of my pawns instead. He immediately moved one of his pieces and proceeded to align my pawn with the many other black pieces along the table. I felt slightly annoyed at myself; I didn't actually intend to move that. Evidently, I couldn't concentrate when he was around. "Checkmate." Edward said triumphantly, after we had moved a couple more pieces. I looked at the chess board and frowned. My black king was being cornered. Edward's white queen was a square in front of my king, and his white bishop was diagonally behind his queen. "Shucks. And I