Chapter 1 It was another slow summer Monday. And like any other slow summer Monday, I was stuck waiting tables in Brooklyn's worst Russian hole-in-the-wall, Veal iz Vasily . The tips weren't great, and the place smelled faintly of old meat, but I still had to be grateful that my father had talked his old friend, Vasily himself, into giving me a job. "You are sixteen years old now, Alexey. It's about time you started working. I won't be around to give you free food forever!" my father, Maxim Lebedev, had said, an affectionate smile on his face. I had only time to scowl with disapproval before he whipped out his phone and dialed Vasily's number. I smiled for a moment, recalling the memory. I knew my Papa always had my best interests at heart, even if my heart wasn't always in the right place. Standing at the server's station in the back of the deserted restaurant, I heard the bells hanging on the front door chime. I looked over to see two young women walk in and sit at a booth against the wall. I grabbed a couple menus and some rolled up silverware and walked over to them. "Hi, welcome to Vasily's," I began with a polite smile. "What can I get you to drink?" I asked as I placed the silverware and menus. Up close, I realized that the two women were incredibly beautiful – perhaps the most beautiful women I'd ever seen. Realizing that I was being rude, I flashed my eyes downward. "Hey there," one began, fluttering her eyelashes and smiling. "We'll both have water." I glanced at the other, who nodded, grinning as well. "Alright," I answered, still with a small smile, "I'll be right back." As I turned to walk to the back, I could've sworn I caught a glimpse of their smiles wavering, as though they were dissatisfied for some reason. Dismissing this, I got two cups of water and returned with them. "Here you go. Would you like to start off with any appetizers?" As I asked the question, the two started up once more with their beating eyelashes and suggestive smiles. They hadn't even opened their menus. "Oh, sweetie, that's okay," the second one said. "We're hungry, but not for an appetizer." She had a smug look on her face. I was beginning to feel uncomfortable as I felt blood rush into my cheeks. I stared at her for a few seconds and then stammered. "O-okay, well, I'll give you a few minutes to look at the menu." I quickly turned and headed for the kitchen. I could hear them whispering sharply behind me as I walked. I thought one of them even hissed. I burst through the kitchen doors feeling thoroughly embarrassed and a little freaked out. I knew it had been a small thing, just a girl hitting on me. Maybe they were just messing with me, seeing that I was a teenage boy. I stood there for a few minutes, leaning against the wall and recollecting myself. I ran my hands through my mop of brown hair, took a deep breath, and walked back through the doors. The two stared me down as I approached the table. Trying my best to smile again through my nerves, I asked, "Are we ready to order?" I eyed the still-unopened menus nervously. "Or do you need more time?" They, on the other hand, were no longer smiling. "Look, kid. We came in here because we smelled something tasty. Now you can either—" The woman was cut short by the front door chiming. I was saved by the bell, and by Fletcher Meadows, my best friend and coworker. I noticed that he had frozen in place, still in the doorway, glaring at the women. He briskly walked over to me and put a hand on my shoulder. "I'll handle this, Alexey." Relief flooding my body, I escaped back to the server's station and watched him "handle" it. He and the women exchanged what seemed like some very fierce, heated words, until finally the two women conceded, standing up, grimacing at one another, and exited the restaurant. Smiling lazily, Fletcher approached me. To be honest, that had been very unlike him. Usually he couldn't care less who was in the restaurant – and half the time he let people leave without paying. I studied him carefully, making sure he wasn't about to flip out on me next. However, his green eyes betrayed no impending conniption. "Hey, man," he drawled, as though what had just taken place actually hadn't. "What's up?" "What's up ?" I demanded. "Seriously, what was that?" I peered over his shoulder at the doors to make sure no more pretty ladies were about to walk in. "What was what, dude?" he replied, his lazy expression unchanging. "Those girls! What did you tell them? Why did you freak out like that?" "Oh, them? I told 'em that if they weren't gonna order any food, they could scram." "Uh, okay." He had appeared to say much more than that, but I decided to drop it. I grabbed the bill of his cap and pushed it down over his eyes, like I always did when I saw him. "Anyway, now that you're here, I'm gonna go clock out." "Alright, bro," he giggled, pushing his cap back up over his wavy blond curls. I got home around four o'clock, leaving me with a couple hours until my dad got home. The two of us lived in a small condo in Brighton Beach, at the very southern tip of Brooklyn. It was an interesting area, to say the least, populated by the families of Russian immigrants like my dad. And the beaches were nice, as long as you didn't mind large, hairy tourists. I dragged myself to my room, my feet sore, and flopped onto my bed. All of a sudden, I felt very sleepy. Before I could even think about it, I was out like a light. That's when the dreams began, as they always did. I stood on a hill, between a large statue of some serious-looking woman and a pine tree, overlooking a valley of strawberry fields and open green. At the bottom of the valley I saw a huge four-story house painted light blue, complete with a wraparound porch. I recognized this place, even though I had never been here in real life. In the distance I could also see what looked like several cabins in a square formation, a Greek-looking amphitheater, and a tall wall with lava seeping down the sides. Before I could gaze at everything there was to take in, the statue began to speak. That had never happened before. Looking down on me, disapproval tingeing her mien, the stone woman said, "You are the offspring of a broken oath – the bastard child of a tainted vow. We do not smile upon you." I blanched. What was she talking about? The scene changed, and I was alone in a small, chilly cave, sitting by a fire, rubbing my hands together. I had been here before in my dreams as well. I liked this place, lonely though it was, and I was glad to be away from that statue. As the flames flickered, I could suddenly make out a face in the center of the blaze. As soon as I discerned its womanly features, though, the fire shot up, sending a cloud of ash into the air. When I looked up, I was surrounded by tall, dark figures, refusing to be illuminated by the light of my fire. This was definitely new. The shadows drew nearer and nearer, closing in on me. I panicked, standing up and looking for a way to escape. However, without warning, the figures flew past me and into the fire, putting it out and leaving me in pitch black darkness. I woke with a start. I was in my bed, covered in sweat. I touched my hands to my face and realized that I had been crying. I covered my eyes, trying to vanquish the thoughts of the bizarre changes to my once-peaceful dreams. I heard sounds coming from the kitchen downstairs. Drying my eyes on my blanket, I got out of bed and went to greet my father. Papa and I sat across from each other in silence at our small kitchen table, chowing down on the Chinese takeout he had brought home. My father was a journalist reporting for a local Russian newspaper. On the side, he also ran a blog on which he posted about current events in Russia: fashion trends, crime reports, government activity, that sort of thing. I suppose it meant a lot to the people around here to learn about the goings-on of their homeland from a good source. He broke the silence. "How was work today, Alyosha?" (Alyosha was a nickname – don't get me started on Russian pet names). "It was—" "Hold on, hold on, let me guess. 'It was okay,'" he mocked, a playful sparkle in his eyes. I tried my best to sneer, but I couldn't help smiling. "Fine. It was boring as all get-out. Nothing happened," I muttered, focusing intently on my half-eaten shrimp egg roll. "Nothing? Are you sure?" he pressed. "Okay, well, maybe something happened, but it was nothing." "Something, but nothing? How can something be nothing?" "It was— okay, now I'm confused." We both laughed. "Okay," he started again, more gently. "Tell me what happened." My cheeks colored for the umpteenth time that day. "Alright. So, these two girls came in today. And like, they started to— Well, I guess you could say they were flirting." I ducked my head. "Look at you! My son the ladies' man." He grinned proudly. The corners of my mouth twitched downward. "And so, uh, I didn't really know what to do, and they all of a sudden got really serious, like they were upset, talking about how they had smelled something and were really hungry. But, I mean, they hadn't even opened their menus." A look of worry touched his face. He narrowed his eyes. "What did these girls look like?" "Uh, well, they were pretty. Like, really pretty. Really, really pretty." I couldn't stop blushing, talking to my dad about this. "But then, Fletcher came in, and he got all serious too, like the girls offended him somehow. I don't know. He made them leave." His eyes widened. "I see." The noodles he had scooped up fell off his fork. "What? What is it?" "Nothing, it's nothing. That's just strange. But like you said, it's nothing, I'm sure." I scowled. He sounded like me. First Fletcher wouldn't tell me what the deal was, and now Papa. "Well," he said, standing up, "I'd better get ready for bed. I've got to wake up early to update the blog. Can you take care of the leftovers, Lyosha?" "Yeah. Goodnight, Papa." After he had disappeared up the stairs, I got to work filling the fridge with tomorrow's breakfast. I sighed in frustration. What was even going on? What was it about those girls that worried my father and Fletcher so much? Finishing up in the kitchen, I trudged up the stairs. I was beat. As I crossed in front of Papa's door, though, my senses perked. I could hear him speaking, very urgently. He was on the phone with someone. Slowly and silently, I brought my ear to the door. "…really think it's best that he goes to the camp right away? Don't these things take a bit of time before they start getting out of hand?" Camp? Who was "he"? Papa hadn't mentioned any camp to me. "Yes, I suppose you're right. I'm not sure what took them so long. Keeping him any longer would probably be a gamble at this point… I don't know if I'm ready to let him go yet, but his safety comes first." I knitted my eyebrows.