Hi everyone, After several years, "Sous la coupe de Rogue" is back... in English! Don't panic, I didn't do the translation - Les Varioufs did (if the link doesn't work, type their name in the search bar, and you'll find them straight away). If you want to read the original version in French, you can find it on my profile page. I can't promise regular updates, because translation isn't simple and life often means that Les Varioufs and I can't dedicate as much time to the translation and publication of the story as we would like (although we will do our best). Finally, you all know the routine: the characters don't belong to me, they come from the limitless imagination of our hero JK Rowling. I humbly ask her to forgive me for what I do to her work. I hope you enjoy this story, and remember that Les Varioufs and I always like reading your comments! Enjoy! "With all due respect, Albus, you've lost your mind!" "That's what the Daily Prophet says," the Headmaster replied, his eyes sparkling mischievously. Severus Snape rolled his eyes. "The Prophet is written by a bunch of incompetent idiots who are paid by an idiot minister. If they prefer to ridicule you all instead of admitting that the Dark Lord has returned, then a great lot of good it will do them. But I don't see what this has to do with me being here." Albus took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. "Severus, you know that the press is also attacking Harry. His muggle family has refused to take him in again, and even if I forced them to, his mother's sacrifice will no longer protect him." "Why doesn't he go with Black, then?" spat Snape. "Sirius is still on the run. Harry needs stability and, before you list half the names of the wizarding families, he also needs someone who is powerful enough to protect him and sees him as a normal teenager, not the hero of the wizarding world whose feelings must not be hurt at all costs." "And of course, I'm the only one who meets these requirements," Snape said sarcastically. Albus chuckled. "You are also the one I have the most faith in." "Flattery will get you nowhere, Albus. And you're forgetting one little thing." "What?" "Potter and I can't stand each other!" "Now Severus," Albus protested, his tone one of light reproach, "the old animosity between you and James no longer exists - Harry only looks like his father. And the hostility between you is of your own doing - the boy had nothing against you in the beginning." Severus refrained from commenting. Perfectly aware that he was in the wrong, he changed the topic of conversation. "And Black?" "What about him?" Dumbledore asked innocently. "Don't play games with me, we're not just talking about baby-sitting here! This is adoption – permanent adoption. Damn it Albus," he shouted, getting to his feet, "do you really think Black will agree to me having such power over his precious godson? He knows my beliefs on raising children – I've never hidden them!" "Sirius has already agreed, Severus." Shocked, the normally cold Potions Master fell back into his armchair. "But… but… why?" "I was able to convince him that it would be in Harry's best interests and, since my decision was final, he would help things along by not resisting – something which would have been both painful and useless." Snape jumped at Harry's name. "And Potter? I suppose he'll go from a quiet, pampered family life to a strict upbringing under my control without resisting at all?" "You might be surprised. Harry has been cruelly deprived of care and affection for his entire life. Look at the Weasley children – Molly is an implacable mother, but they would not swap her for all the peace and quiet in the world. Now, he will probably rebel quite quickly. It is up to you to remain firm and make him understand that this is not a punishment, and that you're not only in charge, but are also there to offer help and support." Snape sank further into his armchair, his expression sullen. Help and support? For James Potter's son? Why not cuddle him and read him bedtime stories while he was at it? "Albus, please be serious. I don't know how to deal with children!" "Come, come, your class is always under complete control." "Terrorising children is much easier than raising one alone." "I'm sure you'll be marvellous." Snape shot him an extremely cold look. "I would be a disastrous father, Albus. Look at me! I'm not cut out for this!" Albus stood up and put a hand on Severus' shoulder, his sparkling blue eyes finding his protégé's sombre ones. "I have every faith in you, Severus." Snape sighed. It was a low blow… He had never been able to refuse Dumbledore when he reminded him of the faith he had in him despite everything. Once again, he was going to bow to the old coot's whim. "Alright," he groaned, rubbing a hand over his face, "where do I need to sign?" Albus conjured some parchment and muggle forms in front of his Potions Master. Snape immediately saw that the signatures of Vernon and Petunia Dursley were already on the documents. Under the smiling gaze of Dumbledore, he signed on the line left for him. It was done. According to both wizarding and muggle law, he was now Harry Potter's legal father. "And Potter?" "Severus," Dumbledore said mildly, "you will have to stop calling the boy Potter." Snape shot him a scathing look and considered giving into his Death Eater instincts and just killing the old headmaster. But, seeing that his cold look had absolutely no effect on Dumbledore, he resigned himself to giving in. "Fine. And Harry? When are you going to talk to him about this new situation?" "He already knows." "What? But how? When?" "My dear boy, I can read you like a book." Snape crossed his arms, furious that his mentor found him so predictable. They remained silent for several minutes. Then, his curiosity overwhelming his resentment, Snape broke. "How did he take the news?" "Mostly well." "I need a bit more than that, Albus." "What would you like to know, Severus?" sighed Dumbledore. "He didn't shout that it was out of the question, he didn't get angry. He seemed… resigned. He only said that you would never agree." "So he didn't react because he thought all of this would never happen." Albus couldn't help but smile at how offended Snape looked. He thought it was best not to explain to the professor that Harry had only agreed to the adoption because Sirius had asked him to, reassuring him that it would change nothing between them. Living together would certainly be difficult, but he was convinced that it would, in the long term, benefit his two protégés. Harry needed someone who cared about him, and not just because he was the Boy Who Lived. And Severus needed to feel useful and prove to himself that he could be a father. Most of all, he needed to stop feeling guilty for not being able to stop the Potters' deaths. "Very well," sighed Snape, "where is Pot… Harry?" oOo Harry threw a pebble in the water. He knew that it was late, he knew that he wasn't allowed to be next to the lake at this time of night, but he honestly didn't care. What could they do? Take away house points? The holidays had started two days ago – they couldn't do anything. Anyway, he didn't care. Voldemort was back. He had come back and he had killed Cedric. And he, Harry, had just run away. What a hero… The worst of it was that no one believed him – they thought he was crazy or, even worse, a compulsive liar. He angrily threw another pebble into the water. And the Dursleys didn't want anything to do with him anymore. Although he had never been happy living with them, number 4 Privet Drive had always been his home. Not anymore. No one wanted anything to look after a boy who attracted trouble like a magnet. He threw another pebble. Not to mention all of this business with Snape. Adoption? Wasn't his life bad enough as it was? Or maybe it was his punishment for letting Cedric die. Even Sirius wanted him to go with Snape, and that said everything. Oh, he had promised that they would still see each other, maybe even more than before, but he didn't want to look after him. If even Sirius thought he deserved such a punishment… He sighed. Hermione and Ron didn't know anything. They didn't know that the Dursleys didn't want him. They thought he was going to travel by a different method than the Hogwarts Express, for safety. At the moment, they were with their families, with people that loved them. He shook his head to free it from these dark thoughts. He wasn't going to hold it against his friends that they had parents and loving families. The sound of footsteps jerked him roughly from his thoughts. He leapt to his feet, his wand held out in front of him. "Expelliarmus!" Snape blocked the spell with a simple wave of his hand. Harry gulped. Oops , he thought, he'll kill me on the spot . But Snape simply looked at him and didn't say a word. Harry stared at him for a moment, his heart thumping. A lump formed in his throat. He didn't know how, but he just knew. Snape had agreed. The Potions Master seemed to give a tiny sigh before speaking. "I think we need to talk." Obeying the implicit command, Harry picked up his cloak and followed Snape to his office in the dungeons. Throughout the entire ten-minute walk, they didn't say a single word. Harry walked several paces behind his furious professor. If he did agree to this adoption, he didn't do it out of the kindness of his heart , Harry thought. Snape opened the door to his office and indicated with a brusque gesture for Harry to sit in a chair. He sat down in his own chair and sighed deeply, his eyes shut. Harry swallowed. This looked bad. He had to diffuse the situation, and quickly. "I'm sorry, sir." Snape opened his eyes and stared at Harry. After several beats of silence, he sighed. "Why?" Harry jumped - Snape's calm, serious voice didn't sound angry at all. "Well," he stammered, "I suppose you agreed to the… the…" "Adoption?" "Yes." "Indeed." Harry lowered his head. He had known, but hearing it said out loud was slightly upsetting. "Harry?" He jumped again. Harry? Snape never called him that. He yelled 'Potter' most of the time. "Why are you sorry?" Harry blinked at this new familiarity, but he supposed that, now Snape had adopted him, it was to be expected. After all, he was no longer just a professor for Harry. He realised that the professor was waiting for a reply. "Because you were forced to adopt me even though you hate me, and for being next to the lake at night," said Harry in a low voice, his head bowed. And for letting Voldemort come back and kill Cedric , he thought bitterly. Snape watched him in silence for a moment. "I see," he replied. "Let's get some things straight. First, Professor Dumbledore did not force me to adopt you. He convinced me. Second, I don't hate you. Although your habit of looking for trouble does deeply annoy me-" "I don't go looking for trouble," Harry interrupted through clenched teeth, "it just happens!" Snape didn't comment on the interruption - he would not start teaching the boy tonight. But his insolence would have to stop. "But," he continued, trying to keep the irritation out of his voice, "I am sure that, if we