This story is a One-Shot. It is a companion story to my previous story, More Than A One Night Stand. This story can be read as a stand alone story. But just know that towards the end, is when we are introduced to Edward, the personal trainer. This story was edited/beta'd by the amazing team at Project Beta. Please let the scale show I lost some pounds this time… Why do cheerleaders need to be skinny, anyway? It was that stupid Makenzie Smith's fault. She was the one who told the whole squad that the flyers needed to be light and look like birds flying in air, not like uncoordinated idiots. Of course, she didn't outright say that the girls who were flyers were fat as barns, but we all knew that that's what she was implying. How she'd been elected as cheer captain was beyond me. Maybe she's just intimidated by me since I'm only a sophomore and I'm on the varsity cheer squad. "Briella Andrea Michaels, get your butt down here right now and eat your breakfast before you miss the bus for school!" I looked down at the scale one last time to see if maybe if I wished hard enough, it wouldn't still say that I gained three pounds. I did what all those fitness gurus said to do: eat less and work out more. And what happened? I gained weight instead of losing it. My mom said that I looked just fine, and added the ever popular, "men love a woman with curves." Obviously high school was a different experience back when she was my age. My reflection in the mirror showed all of my flaws. My stomach was too round for my liking, and according to my best friend, Kelsie, my butt could have its own orbit, and it was so big. "Briella, I'm not going to say it again. Get down here and eat your breakfast!" I rolled my eyes at the empty threat my mother threw at me. With one last glance at the mirror, I grabbed my backpack and hurried down the stairs. I saw she had a plate of scrambled eggs, pancakes, and bacon with a tall glass of orange juice. It looked mouthwatering, but I had to stop myself–if I wanted to be the perfect example of a flyer, I needed to keep my body nice and trim. So I bypassed the plate of food, grabbed a Granny Smith apple from the basket on the kitchen island, and hurried out to the bus stop. I plugged my headphones into my ears and cranked up the music as I heard my mom tell me that I needed to eat a healthy breakfast. I yelled over my shoulder at her that I would get something to eat at school. Little does she know that that's the complete opposite of what I planned to do. I planned to spend my lunch hour in the weight room. I didn't dare go to any of the heavy weights; I mainly just stuck to the ten-pound weights and did some sit-ups and push-ups. There would be the occasional person in there who would invite me to go with them down to the cafeteria, and I would give them the standard answer: that I had already eaten. Sometimes I would mix it up with telling them that I had brought my lunch, while patting my backpack. Like at any typical high school, once you passed through those front doors, everyone started judging one another. Some people may deny it and say that they never judged people, but they would be lying. I made it to my locker without running into Makenzie, and that meant today was already a good day. I hated how she seemed to get sick pleasure out of seeing me squirm–especially since she and I used to be friends back in elementary school. I always thought it was cool that I was friends with a girl who was two grades ahead of me. But once she grew boobs, she dropped me like a hot potato and now made it her life's mission to make my life a living hell. "Hey, so did you do the extra set of questions Mrs. Fletcher gave us in geometry?" Jessica, a girl who I occasionally talked to since we had lockers right next to each other, asked as she flung books in her Crap. I knew it was too good to be true that last night's homework flew by so quickly . "No…crap, she's going to publicly humiliate me for it." I groaned as I flopped my head against the door of my locker. "What period do you have her class?" Jessica asked as she rooted around in her backpack for something. "After lunch…" I hesitated, and I secretly hoped that Jessica would come through for me and let me borrow her homework. I was grateful that we shared chemistry class together before lunch, because that meant I could sneak it back to her before any of the teachers got wise. "Here, just give it back to me in chemistry, Ok, I have Fletcher during your lunch period, remember?" Since our school also included eighth graders, the lunch period separated into three different periods. Some classes would go straight to lunch then go to class. Some would go to class, then stop and go to lunch, and then go back and finish the class. And then there were the unlucky ones who got the last lunch: they ended up with what was left at the end of lunch period—and that was sometimes scraps, it seemed like. I nodded and quickly accepted her notebook and hurried off to my first period class, world history. My schedule was filled with AP classes, and geometry was the only class that was a piece of cake for me; that's probably why I forgot to do her homework. After school I hurried to my locker to get the duffel bag I used for cheer practice and went to go change down in the girl's locker room. It was the beginning of the school year, so it was still somewhat warm, which meant we would be practicing outside today. "Hopefully you do your stunts better than you did during the last practice, Bree. Oh, and nice choice of outfit. I think I saw the same thing hanging in my mom's closet." Makenzie sneered. I bit down hard on the inside of my cheek to prevent myself from saying something I knew that I would later regret, which was made even harder when Makenzie and her fan club walked off, laughing at their leader's lame attempt at a joke. Once a mirror freed up, I quickly put on a minimal amount of makeup and headed out to the football field. Yet another stupid rule that Makenzie has implemented as cheer captain. Oh, and god forbid if you actually sweat during practice. I mean, there had been days where it was over ninety degrees outside, and then factoring in the heat index, it felt like triple digits out here sometimes. We had twenty-five-minute breaks per an hour of practice; it's a wonder that we ever got anything done. When practice finished and I was toweling the sweat off of myself I could hear Makenzie and her friends whispering about me as if I couldn't hear a word they were saying. " Does she really think she's fooling anyone with her low-rise shorts?" " Yeah, I mean, she had a muffin top through the whole practice." " Good for her. I wish I could be as comfortable with how I looked like she is." That was it. After tonight I was going to have to kick this whole dieting thing into high gear. I would do whatever it took to put Makenzie and her posse in their places and show them that I was as good, if not better, at having the "perfect" body. When I got home, I raced up to my room and started working on my homework. I remembered vaguely telling my mother that school and cheer practice were fine, and agreeing that I would be downstairs for dinner. Dinner was an all-out event in my house. My mom would make me and my little brother Paul, who wanted to be referred to as Pauley-D, like that douchebag on that stupid MTV show, sit down at the kitchen island and watch her make dinner. Tonight my mother was cooking her famous enchiladas, but me and Paul both knew that she would secretly buy those frozen family-sized dinners and just put her own twist on them – she would try and hide the boxes in the trash as best as she could. Now, nothing against my mother and her style of cooking, we always ate good meals, but ever since Mom and Dad split up when I was fourteen and Paul was twelve, it had been hard for my mom, raising two kids on her own. My dad used to have us go visit every weekend, then that turned into every other weekend until finally my dad just stopped coming by to pick us up. My mom still got child support from him, but I'd grown to accept that he was no longer interested in seeing me and my brother. "Bree, finish your homework later and come down and spend some time with me and your brother." I rolled my eyes but gave in and walked down the stairs. And I stopped about halfway. The food smelled so good, it had been so long since I'd actually eaten anything as filling as what my mom was making. "If I've gotta suffer through this crap, so do you, Bree!" my brother shouted at me as I took my seat next to him. I swore the kid had Dad's impatience, it was uncanny how the two were so alike–but heaven forbid you brought it to his attention, what with the whole Dad bailing on us thing. "Paul, don't talk to your sister like that! Let's talk about school. What did you two do today? How was cheer practice, Bree?" my mother asked with a pleasant smile. I gave her the cliff notes version of what happened–minus the snide comments that Makenzie and her friends had made about me. "Whoever designed the cheer uniforms, God bless 'em. Those are some hot uniforms!" Paul said. I think I even saw him drool a bit. That earned him a smack on the hand with the wooden spoon Mom was holding, as well as a verbal reprimand for his crude comment. I just chose to ignore it. Ever since my brother had discovered that girls weren't covered in cooties, he's been your typical perverted teenage boy. He was just lucky I didn't tell Mom about the collection of Playboy magazines he had stashed away under his mattress. "So, Bree…tell me how was school today? Any good gossip?" God, I hate how she seems to always want to live vicariously through me, like high school was the whole big party she never got invited to. "It was fine; Kelsie heard that they're already holding nominations for homecoming king and queen." "Kelsie is such a babe..." Paul said, and I'm fairly certain he didn't realize that he said it out loud. I cringed a bit at the idea of my perverted little brother leering after my best friend, and I'm pretty sure that she would feel the same way once I told her. I couldn't hide the smirk on my face when my brother realized that he had said it out loud for everyone to hear, and he threatened bodily harm if I told Kelsie about his crush. "Do you seriously think I want my best friend dating some kid who still has to sleep with his baby blanket?! OK, that was a low blow; he hadn't slept with "blankey" for almost three years. I used to tease him about it and