For QLFC S5 R6. Plot comparisons at bottom. Word count: 2953 Note: Set in the late 1980's It all started with the knock on the door. Aunt Petunia paused in the middle of washing the dishes, sending a suspicious look in the direction the sound came from. Then she jerked her head at Harry and told him to answer it. A severe looking lady was at the doorstep. "You must be Harry," she said. "Is your aunt home?" Harry was puzzled. He had never seen nor heard of this woman in the entire sixteen years of his life. How could she know who he was? But he nodded an affirmative and excused himself to go call her. "Aunt Petunia, it's for you," he said, peering back into the kitchen. "Alright, alright," she grumbled, wiping her hands on a dishtowel. Harry quietly trailed her as she went to the front door, his curiosity piqued. The moment she caught sight of the lady, she went completely still, which was unusual for Aunt Petunia, who was always moving, yelling, spying, or gossiping. Harry quietly moved up the stairs and into a shadowed nook, leaning forward to try and catch what they were saying. "Minerva," Petunia said shortly. Harry could almost imagine the pinched expression on her face. "What is it?" The lady – Minerva – regarded Aunt Petunia coolly. She was significantly shorter than Petunia, but her back was straight and her expression was proud so she seemed to loom over Petunia instead. "Social services has been alerted of another possible guardian for Harry. His godfather, in fact. He came to us today and he's willing to fight for custody." Harry's heart thudded dully in his ears. He had a godfather? Petunia's grip on the doorknob tightened, her knuckles white. Harry could tell she sorely wanted to slam the door in Minerva's face. "I am a direct relative," she said eventually. "There are no grounds for him to fight for." Faintly, Harry wondered how much his orphan's pension was. It was probably quite a bit, considering how adamant Aunt Petunia was about him staying. She had never made her dislike of him a secret. Minerva stared directly into Petunia's eyes and held her gaze. "He can argue for abuse of minors," she said levelly. "And mark my words, I can get evidence." Petunia was quiet for a long time. "Fine," she said. … His godfather's name was Sirius Black and he lived in a small town by the sea. He was his father's best friend, but they lost contact after Sirius moved. He hadn't even known that he had a godson. Those were the facts that Harry repeated to himself as he stared out the car window. Outside, the scenery rushed by, reminding him that he was steadily moving away from everything he'd ever know - even if not all of it had been pleasant. They had given him a choice. He could've stay at Aunt Petunia's if he wanted. They were rude and ordered him about like some sort of slave… but they were safe. He always knew what to expect from them and how he should act. He could care less that the pension from his orphan status was going entirely to them. On the other hand, he didn't know what to expect from this Sirius. Minerva had vouched for him, fondly calling him a troublemaker with a loyal heart. But Harry had firsthand knowledge on how appearances weren't always as they seemed. He was here though. That had to count for something right? The social worker driving him was a friendly, middle aged man named Todd. They had made conversation for the first hour of the car ride, but it had faded into companionable silence before long. The only sound now was the static hum of the radio and the wheels of the car as they crunched against the road. "Well," Todd said, sending him a sidelong look, "we're here." Harry stepped out of the car and quietly thanked him. Todd grabbed his one bag of belongings from the back seat and together, they made their way to the front door. The house they parked outside of was small and unassuming. Harry had no idea what to expect. He knocked on the door and then waited. The door flew open. "Harry!" the man – his godfather – cried, enveloping him in a quick hug. He ushered the two of them in and shut the door behind him. "I'm really glad you're here – oh man, you look a lot like your dad, has anyone ever mentioned? Wait, Minnie said I shouldn't talk about that until you're ready, oops. Just ignore what I said!" Sirius stopped at the landing abruptly, and Harry nearly bowled him over. "I reckon you're hungry. Do you want some food?" Sirius asked, turning to look down at him. Harry got a good look at Sirius for the first time. He was handsome – startlingly so. His black hair fell in loose waves around his face, and his grin has a boyish charm to it. But it was all very overwhelming. "Actually," Harry said, "I was wondering if I could go out maybe? I just wanna look around." Sirius paused, then shrugged. "Sure thing, kiddo. Just be back before dinner time." Harry agreed to that easy request. After Todd helped him carry his luggage upstairs, he stayed behind to sign some papers, and then he exited the house. Harry headed towards town center. He was only spared a couple of curious glances as he walked down the street. And then someone called out to him. "You look new," a voice said to his right. Harry looked down the sidewalk to see a handsome young man smiling at him. "Er, yes," he mumbled. "I moved in today." "Ah, welcome to the neighbourhood then. I'm Tom Riddle," the man said, introducing himself. "Harry Potter." "Since you're new, I can show you around if you'd like?" Tom offered. The people here were so nice. Harry smiled. "That would be great actually. I've just been wandering around aimlessly." Tom started walking in the direction Harry had been going and Harry fell into step beside him, the two of them chatting easily. ... A couple weeks later, Harry found himself by the boardwalk. It was the only place he had yet to fully explore, but there was nothing particularly special about the place. The only interesting thing here was the one wall covered top to bottom with "missing" posters. There seemed to be no end to them, with cats, dogs, and even ferrets having gone mysteriously missing. Some of the posters were old and weathered, but most of them were crisp white and the edges sharp, clearly having been placed there just recently. Strange. In the distance, he heard faint voices growing nearer. Harry turned to see two figures approaching the wall. The boy was carrying a stack of papers so tall that he winced in sympathy. The girl next to him aggressively shook her masking tape in the air as she spoke. "I'm telling you," she was saying, "this is all that blasted Remus' fault! He's up to something, I know it." The boy let out a long suffering sigh. "I know, but you can't just say that. Everyone loves him and they won't hear a word of it." Harry remained frozen in place, listening. Suddenly, the girl looked up and Harry made awkward eye contact with her. In an instant, she was walking up to him and thrusting a flyer into his chest. "Have you seen this cat?" she demanded. "His name is Crookshanks and he's gone missing." Harry took the flyer but slowly shook his head. "I'm sorry, I haven't seen him." Hermione deflated. The boy caught up to them, visibly straining under the weight of the paper. "I'm Ron, and this is Hermione," he said. "Sorry, she's always like that – don't take it personally." Harry smiled at them. "I don't mind. But what were you two were talking about earlier?" Ron carefully looked around them, checking for any eavesdroppers. Then, he leaned in and Hermione and Harry did the same. "So there's this guy named Remus who lives here. He's the manager of the video store." Harry had stepped foot in there once. The only worker there had had tired eyes and a kind smile. "We think he's been the one who's been stealing everyone's pets," Ron continued. Hermione nodded her agreement. "Don't call me crazy, but I think he might be the leader of a cult or something," she said. "Sacrificial animals and everything – I'm still researching it. We've been trying to find evidence for it but it's hard when everyone in this town likes him." Harry nodded thoughtfully. "I could help," he offered. The two of them beamed at him. They shook on it, made plans, and then parted ways. … "Harry, do you need dinner tonight?" Sirius called after him. "No need! I'm going out with Ron and Hermione tonight!" Harry said as he slipped on his shoes. He stumbled out the door and headed straight for the library at the center of the town. In the week since they had first met and Harry impulsively agreed to help them, Ron and Hermione had quickly caught him up. Remus Lupin had moved into town only last year. He had gotten a job part-time at the video store, but shortly after, the owner had died of pneumonia. The owner's husband hadn't wanted to keep the store and offered it to Remus for a discounted price. Pets started going missing around the time he moved in as well. "And," Ron had finished, "there's no way anyone can be that nice. It must be an act." Hermione had hummed her agreement and that had been that. Now, they were hunched around the library table researching the use of animal sacrifices in cult ceremonies. Harry was almost a hundred percent certain Ron was asleep behind the book propped up on the table. "Any new information?" Harry asked wearily. Hermione sighed. "We don't have enough information. A lot of cults use animal sacrifices for everything from calling demons to obtaining immortality. It's just too vague." She shut the book and groaned into her hands. "I miss Crookshanks," she whispered. "We'll get him back," Harry said, determined. ... "You seem to be fitting in well," Sirius said over breakfast one day. He was beaming. "Where do you and your friends go all the time?" Harry smiled bashfully back. "Sometimes we go over to the boardwalk or the library, but recently we've been spending a lot of time at the video store." It was true. Mostly, they were watching Remus and seeing where he went and what he did with his time, waiting for him to slip up. The fact that he spent most of the day puttering around in full view at the store did nothing to deter them. Sirius went pink around the ears and he coughed into his hand. "Oh," he said. "How's Remus doing?" Harry squinted suspiciously at him. "He's… fine." Then the realization came and his stomach sank. "Wait, do you like him?" Sirius choked. " No. Well, yes. Don't tell him I said that!" He continued babbling, but all Harry could think of was that his guardian was in love with a murderer. … It happened completely by chance. Harry was on a walk around the neighbourhood when he spotted Tom slipping into a narrow alleyway between two buildings. They had never exchanged contact information after their first meeting, but they had met by chance several times afterwards and it had always been a pleasant affair. Harry followed after him, intending to say hi. He peeked his head around the corner, and saw that Tom was crouched low on the ground, holding his hand out for an alley cat to sniff. Once the cat was relaxed and purring into his hand, he turned to