Chapter One: The Barlow's Shadow. Disclaimer: I own none of the material written by J. K. Rowling or her publishing company. OOOO London, 1924 A young girl stood with rigid posture as the entirety of the British, wizarding aristocracy peered down their noses at her. She was no Greengrass, Malfoy, Fawley, nor the descendant of any other notable, pureblood lines. This fact seemed to fascinate the more skeptical patriarchs and matriarchs who found themselves wondering how the Potters had become so influential in a mere generation. Adelais Fleamont, they swiftly decided, had started it all by wedding Jacinth Potter many years prior. The heiress was well known to be beautiful, intelligent, wealthy, pure of blood, and a cunning Slytherin to the very core. That famous determination of House Potter to steer clear of the spotlight, despite their immense wealth and many innovations, was effectively shattered. The woman went on to birth two boys. The younger was Charlus Potter who exhibited an aptitude for duelling from his first year at Hogwarts. Her eldest son, Henry, proved to have an intelligence sharp enough for the cutthroat world of wizarding politics. Despite her husband's disapproval Adelais meddled until Charlus was a prestigious, European champion duellist, and Henry a rising power in the Wizengamot. As a result her children were highly desirable bachelors, to such an extent that Dorea Black was permitted to wed Charlus. Henry's widely criticized, pro-muggle stances proved a difficulty, yet he managed to nab Saila Pyrite who hailed from ancient blood. Even though Adelais never did live long enough to reap the fruits of her efforts she managed to sharply influence the direction of her grandchildren's lives as well. On her deathbed the woman begged her son Henry two things. To name his son Fleamont in honor of her noble, but extinct House, as well as to raise his children as she had him. Some odd months later Henry fulfilled the first part by naming his firstborn Fleamont Potter. Then only a few years later something very strange happened indeed. During the month of August his dear wife blessed him with a girl. The first Potter-witch in nearly three centuries. " Coquelicot Potter," Smiled Venusia Crickerly, the Minister for Magic, "You look ever so much like your father, my girl." " Thank you Minister Crickerly, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance," The ten year old girl smiled with a graceful curtsey. Her innocent face wrinkled with intelligence far too insightful for one so young. "I must say, Minister, that your service as a public servant is most appreciated by House Potter," Those hazel eyes glimmered, "The Goblin and wizarding relationship has never been better." A hand fell proudly on the young witch's shoulder as her father made his presence known. " Why don't you go to your mother, Coquelicot?" Henry Potter suggested prompting the girl to bid the Minister farewell before sweeping measuredly towards her mother. Even though she wanted for nothing more than to run from the exhausting task of greeting pretentious guests such a thing was unacceptable. Proper ladies did not race about in front of civilized company, the child could imagine her governess hissing stiffly. The massive courtyard of Potter Villa swirled with guests, all looking up at the stars while gossiping up a storm. Many of these visitors were famous, talented individuals, so it was quite a surprise to her that they seemed so… Ordinary. It was right after that word rolled across her mind that the Potter girl saw her. Cassandra Trelawney had been a surprise guest to the event, for she rarely ever even left her own home. Coquelicot had been ecstatic upon hearing from her mother that the woman had accepted their invitation to the party. Slowly the child picked her way through the crowd towards Trelawney, determined to pick the woman's brain for knowledge about Divination. Finally she stopped before her, and ended up quite disappointed. The greatest seer in modern history was a raging drunk who merely snickered gibberish when the girl gave her politest greeting. To make matters worse as she was leaving the older woman dropped her handbag on the floor before falling on her arse trying to pick it up. Wary of the stray eyes which were observing the scene very carefully the ladylike girl bent to offer a hand. What happened after was rather horrifying. When they made contact Trelawney's face grew terror-stricken as though trapped in a dark trance, her wide eyes peering up at Coquelicot as hundreds of distinct, whispery voices poured from her throat. " The Poppy of House Potter blooms with life…" Blood trickled from her nose, "A dark stranger shall turn her greatest achievement to meddlesome strife…" Two pale hands clenched into the ground tightly, "Time will change all. With a simple tumble the Poppy will reshape the Girl-Who-Lived in mind, body, and soul…" Choking noises strangled Trelawney for a long moment before she came back to. The seer seemed to be stuck in a catatonic trance. Coquelicot's young head swirled wildly at what had transpired only several seconds before. " Coco," Fleamont, her older brother was pulling at her shoulder gently, "What is wrong?" The world began to swirl as he tried to pull her from Trelawney's side. A door slammed shut prompting Coquelicot 'Coco' Potter to jerk awake as fast as a whip. Her midnight black bob snapped around while she tried to calm her racing heart. Nearly seventeen years had passed since that wretched woman had scarred the Potter witch for life. Though not a week passed by where Coco failed to remember the grim, nonsensical prophecy which had been all but forced on her. Patting the sheets for a moment she decided that her handsome guest from the night before had been the cause of that banging door. Half tempted to go back to sleep she fought mightily to resist temptation. Work was more important the tired woman finally decided, slipping out of bed while stretching her arms overhead. After a quick shower the young woman observed herself in the mirror. Most pureblood witches wore dazzling robes with elaborate, pointy hats worth thousands of galleons. They revelled in their many buttons, as well as their embarrassingly, ill-fitted braziers. However, a very select few decided to dress in the very popular flapper fashion of the muggle world. Coco Potter, despite being a formidable socialite, enjoyed spurning longstanding notions regarding the dress code for women. Her midnight-black hair was cut to a short length, she wore leggy dresses, maintained an affectionate penchant for smoking, drank a bit too much Elvish wine, loved fast brooms, and was quite guilty of many carnal sins. Henry Potter, her politician, stick-up-the-ass father, disapproved mightily of the lifestyle which his daughter lived. Since she had been a child the clever man hoped that she would take over the Potter seat on the Wizengamot in his stead, for her older brother had neither the stomach or cunning for such a thing. Coco proved much too rebellious though preferring to cavort with dashing men and bury herself deep in work. A situation which Henry had no influence over due to her high-paying job in the Department of Mysteries. It went without saying that the pair did not speak often except for the occasional, holiday Howler. Making sure that her, scandalous, thigh wand holster actually held her wand Coco marched to the fireplace before slipping inside gracefully. "The Ministry of Magic," She spoke in a husky voice before falling through the fireplace and tumbling onto both feet in the Ministry Atrium. Upon glancing at the clock with her hazel eyes the woman realized just how close she was to arriving late for her shift. Coco began to run as fast as possible for her destination with her heels clicking noisily against the hard floor. Several people tried to draw her attention with a greeting though the woman did not have her usual patience when dismissing them. With only two minutes to spare she stepped out of the lift while a crisp, female voice said, " Department of Mysteries ." Black tiles covered every inch of visible surface as torches that flickered with blue light attempted to make up for the lack of windows. Striding towards the circular entry room of her department she eyed the 'identical' doors carefully for their hidden deformities. After a very short period of seconds passed by Coco recognized an almost invisible chip on the bottom of one door. Pushing her way through it she was transported into a room that sparkled with luminous, diamond-like light. Clocks lined every corner of the room next to various, magical objects wizards had been studying for centuries. "So glad you decided to join us, Potter," Called out Craig Boot, Head of the Department of Mysteries. Glancing at her snickering, predominantly male, co workers she sneered. "I am sure you are Craig," She snapped back saccharinely, "These fellows can only accomplish so much. Nepotism does not, after all, make up for a lack of brains." All mirthful expressions faded into mutinous anger. Never before had Coco been more appreciative of the fact that looks could not kill, so long as Basilisks were not thrown into the mix. "You just earned yourself the late shift," Boot snapped haughtily, "Put those brains of yours to good work." The woman was then forced to begin her difficult task of writing hours beyond hours of runic incantations. In order to actually create a time turner one needed to work their way through a very challenging process which began with research, planning, and highly advanced arithmantic calculations. Upon finishing all three of those phases it was necessary to write the magical formula that was vital to the creation of a time turner. This painstakingly tedious process was further exacerbated by the five month time period that was usually required. Coco, despite Boot's reluctance to admit such a thing, was one of the most dynamic minds to have been employed in the department since Levina Monstankely. In only six years of working there the twenty-five year old proved herself capable of creating time turners in only half the normal time period. Most of the piggish men she sat with at that very moment held at least ten years of seniority over her, and only eighteen time turners beneath each of their belts. She was credited with a contribution of almost twenty-seven. Despite the rocky start to her morning the Potter witch managed to pull through with her workload by the time late evening rolled around. Craig left with his standard demeaning comment, as his cohorts followed suit closely behind. Relieved at finally being left alone to herself Coco began her usual, nightly ritual. When the woman was not out dancing, or stuck at a late shift with Boot she worked on a highly… Unorthodox project. Ever since Eloise Mintumble was assigned to go back six-hundred years, and seemingly damaged time in more ways than one, the unauthorized creation of 'centurial time turners' became highly illicit. Coco did not care in the slightest, however, as her desire for knowledge was far greater than a silly rule. For the past three years she had been putting her vast skill in runic Charms to the absolute test. Reaching into her very heavily warded purse the flapper pulled out a very expensive pocketwatch. She had nicked it during a trip to the Main Potter Vault with her father during seventh year. It was crafted from Goblin forged gold, embedded with at least seventy-two priceless jewels, and contained a miniature replication of the astronomical clock-face in Prague. If one with a skillful eye were given the opportunity to investigate this pocket watch they would discover something of a somewhat horrifying nature. Inscribed into the gold on the back of the object in an endlessly whirling pattern were some of the most classified time runes to have been discovered by the Department of Mysteries. The most unstable magics