"I want to hug you and protect you . . . and I want to shake you until your teeth rattle." It struck Ginny as a bit mental, speaking to an empty room. It was Lily's bedroom, and since her daughter had run off with Draco-bloody-Malfoy, it would have to do. She needed a way to vent her feelings. Harry would've listened, but Ginny couldn't add the weight of her own guilt to her husband's. She sat on the platform bed Lily had chosen to replace the narrow, canopied four-poster that had embodied Ginny's childhood dream bed. "I'm furious with myself as much as you." This time she spoke to the letter in her hand, words written by a young woman who would always be her little girl. "I wanted to give you everything my parents couldn't afford, treated you like a princess. No wonder you chose a pure-blood prince." She crumpled the letter in a fist. How could she have been so blind? Lily wasn't the girl Ginny had been at twenty-one. She wasn't consumed with proving herself, determined to shine in her own spotlight instead of basking in Harry's. Ginny smoothed out the parchment. "I thought we were teaching you a lesson, allowing you to work as Malfoy's personal assistant." She traced the elegant curves of the word "Mum" with a fingertip. "Isolated manor, no shops, having to work instead of party every night." She gave a small, bitter laugh. "I would've hated the job and loathed him , the privileged git." Schoolgirl memories of Draco Malfoy sneering at her, his nasty remarks about her family's poverty, about her mum, and everything he'd said and done to Harry flashed through Ginny's mind. She didn't care that he'd changed since Hogwarts, that he'd suffered and lost people he'd loved, or that he'd raised Scorpius to be a good person. " He doesn't deserve you!" Shouting the words didn't lessen her anger. She ripped the letter into shreds while calling Malfoy every foul name her brothers and former Harpies teammates had ever taught her. "Mistress Ginny?" Kreacher stood near the door–ready to make his escape if she displaced her wrath on him, no doubt. She glanced at the bedside clock. Harry had gone to the Ministry and wouldn't be home for another half-hour. "Do you need help making dinner?" She was a decent cook, but mostly Kreacher had her chop onions. His eyes were watery enough without onions stimulating his overactive lachrymal glands further. He shook his head. "Miss Lily sends a letter?" Ginny pointed to the scraps on the floor. "Sorry. There was a postscript for you. I meant to let you read it." She clenched her jaw. "Lily threatened to elope to Las Vegas if I hunted her and Malfoy down and–" She pressed her lips together and took deep breaths to control her emotions. If jealousy was Harry's internal dragon, hers was protectiveness. She wanted to burn Malfoy Manor to the ground and stomp on its ashes. If she got her talons on Malfoy, she'd gut the cradle-snatching bastard. " Elope?" Kreacher's shock made her feel a little better. She wasn't the last one to know. "She claims to be in love with Draco Malfoy, and they'll go get married by Elvis if I track them to France." " The Elvis?" She blinked in surprise. How did he know about an American wizard who had made his fortune as a Muggle entertainer? Kreacher said, "Mr. and Mrs. Weasley played ray-cords for Miss Lily on an enchanted player for music appreciation." He had home-schooled the children before they went to Hogwarts, and her parents had been eager to help. Ginny ignored the familiar shiver that went down her spine. The old house-elf was eerily good at reading facial expressions. "No, they'd be married by an Elvis impersonator wearing a sparkly jumpsuit." Saying the words out loud created a mental image that had her groaning. "I can't believe she'd do it." Lily was too stylish, too concerned with appearances, and Malfoy was every bit as vain–he'd fixed his receding hairline, hadn't he? " Reparo! " Ginny's Mending Charm brought together all the torn pieces of Lily's letter. She read it again and then handed the parchment to Kreacher. "She isn't dragging Malfoy to Las Vegas. It's an empty threat–one I would've fallen for if it wasn't for you." He pointed to the postscript. Tell Kreacher that I may not have family at my wedding, but he'll be there in my thoughts. "I've played enough poker to know that to sell a bluff you have to make the other players think you're not bluffing. That note to you stopped me from questioning whether they'd really elope to Las Vegas." She laughed a little in relief. Since Lily and Malfoy weren't eloping, Ginny had time to pack, owl her assistant sports editor at the Daily Prophet to tell Thora she'd be out of the office tomorrow, and then get a few hours' sleep. . "I should come with you," Harry said when they were panting side by side after making love. They held hands as their racing hearts began to slow and a magical breeze cooled heated skin. Ginny heard the reluctant determination in his voice. He didn't want to go, disliked family rows as much as she detested frilly pink dresses, but he'd do it for her. "I love your smile," he said. She loved it when he put on his glasses during sex because he wanted to see every part of her body. Her smile widened. "You should. You put it on my face." Ginny was the mother of three grown children, but Harry still made her feel like the schoolgirl who had almost burst with joy when he'd kissed her. "I adore you for wanting to support me, but Lily and I need to have a private mother/daughter talk." She rolled over and kissed Harry to keep him from trying to talk her round. "You need your sleep," he protested half-heartedly when she trailed kisses along his jaw and down his throat. Ginny's husky laugh vibrated against his skin. "After I demonstrate my adoration." . She awoke to the enticing smell of grilled bacon. They knew her too well. She hadn't planned on eating, but she couldn't turn down one of Kreacher's English breakfasts. Ginny hurried to shower and dress. Harry was setting the table when she entered the kitchen. For a moment, the bright, modernised space became a dank basement with an old-fashioned enchanted cooker. She could picture her mum fussing at Fred and George over some prank that had Sirius roaring with laughter and Harry looking toward Ginny with the smile that had stolen her heart. Other memories came to mind: the ones they'd made with their children. "Are you all right, love?" Ginny nodded and moved forward. "I was thinking I'm glad we kept the table when we renovated the kitchen. It brings back so many memories." Merlin, her eyes were misting. "And it's, uh, well-made." Harry's lips twitched. "Very sturdy." Was he referring to the times they'd had sex on it? She shrugged to hide her own amusement. "Years ago, perhaps." Before their children started sneaking down for midnight snacks, and before Kreacher started having trouble sleeping through the night. "Are you suggesting we retest it?" She appreciated the lusty gleam in his eyes. Sex wasn't an all-purpose panacea, but it was a lovely distraction. Ginny winked. "Right now, I want bacon." Harry chuckled, and they spoke about light topics while they ate. They'd agreed while they were still dating that meals should be times to enjoy being together, not an opportunity to vent frustrations and problems. Kreacher sat next to Ginny. "Mistress wears interview clothes." She'd chosen the white buttoned shirt with three-quarter sleeves, denim trousers and black ankle boots because it was an outfit Lily had picked out for her. She'd left her shoulder length hair down. "Approachable, yet kick-arse," Harry said. "The old Draco would quiver in fear." His tone was almost wistful. Could Malfoy really have changed that much? "I'll give him reason to be afraid if he tries to keep me from my daughter." She could still cast a Bat Bogey Hex faster than most wizards could put up a Shield Charm. "He won't." Now Harry sounded apologetic. Sorry, love. He won't give you an excuse to do bodily harm? Ginny set down her fork, appetite gone. "Now you're defending him?" "Never." "But you think I'm wasting my time going to France." Harry didn't answer for a few moments, and then he asked, "Would you have listened to anyone who told you not to be with me?" Ginny suppressed the urge to snap, "Of course not" and said, "My family loved you." "And if they hadn't?" "You can't compare the situations. They're nothing alike." If kissing each other hello and goodbye hadn't been one of their personal wedding vows, she might've stalked out of the kitchen. Instead, Ginny marched around the table and gave Harry a kiss. "Don't worry, I won't hurt him . . . much." He smiled a little, but his eyes were sombre. "I'll walk you out." Husband code: I want to tell you something in private. Ginny said goodbye to Kreacher and went upstairs. In the entry hall, she turned to face Harry. "Fine. I won't hurt Malfoy at all." Sleeping Charms didn't harm anyone. Body-Bind Curses didn't technically hurt either. "I'm worried for you." She was about to wave away his concern when Harry added, "That Lily will hurt your feelings." There's a reason Kreacher's my favourite parent . . . you never want me to have fun . . . why can't you be a friend instead of a mum all the time? "I'll be fine," Ginny said. "I'm tough." No matter what her daughter said to her, she could take it. They always made up in the end. Harry pulled her close. "Whatever happens, we'll be OK." Damn it, her eyes were tearing up again. She was going to talk sense into their daughter, not going off to war. Ginny's nod was one of agreement and determination. "Wish me luck." Harry handed her a cellophane bag containing the Portkey, an origami star made out of newspaper: the sports page by her name printed on one of the five sides. "I think you have a fan in the Portkey office," he said dryly. "Too bad I only have eyes for my husband." Ginny's attempt at a smile was crooked, but Harry's eyes crinkled, and the corners of his mouth twitched in amusement, exactly what she wanted. She couldn't take doom and gloom. She needed to leave on a positive note. She kissed him for luck and opened the front door. "See you later, love." . The Portkey activated when she reached into the cellophane bag to touch the origami star. The sensation of being yanked by her middle and magically transported from one location to another didn't make Ginny feel nauseous. She raised her arms like a Muggle on a rollercoaster ride and laughed giddily when she reached her destination. Once she'd stifled her giggles and regained her composure, she tucked the cellophane bag holding the Portkey into a pocket while she glanced around to ensure no one had seen her appear out of nowhere. The picturesque cobblestone street was deserted. At the end stood Malfoy's villa, its towering, half-timbered edifice flanked by stone privacy walls. Ginny glanced at her watch: a few minutes after eight–nine AM in Colmar, France. Someone in the house should be up. She squared her shoulders and approached the imposing front door. Malfoy couldn't be normal and stay in a hotel. He had to show off his wealth find a medieval villa to let. She scoffed at the modern doorbell and rapped the heavy knocker against the iron strike plate. Deep, magic-amplified clangs reverberated through the door into the villa: much more satisfying than a chime. After a