Harry Potter tried to be a good father. It was easiest with James; his eldest son was good-natured and outgoing, and they had a passion for Quidditch in common. Harry and Albus were too much alike, brooding and insecure. Each had believed the other disappointed in them and lashed out defensively until they'd confronted their issues during Albus's fourth-year at Hogwarts. Nine years later, their relationship was one of affection and mutual respect. Lily Luna, named for his mother and a dear friend, had wrapped him around her little finger before her newborn-blue eyes turned emerald green. Ginny claimed it happened the moment he'd held her and she smiled up at him. He hadn't cared that it was a reflex. His daughter's smile melted his heart. He took parental leave with all his children, and when Lily was small he continued to do his best to spend as much time as possible with his family. Harry would hold his baby girl while he and Ginny watched the boys play, while they oversaw James and Albus's baths, read them books at bedtime, or whenever his tiny sweetheart held out her dimpled arms. Unlike her brothers, who both said, "Mama" before anything else, "Dada" was Lily's first word. When Lucius Malfoy and other Voldemort supporters regrouped as the Knights of Walpurgis, Harry's workload increased. Members of a wizard supremacy group—pure-bloods held highest rank, but wizard superiority was the new focus—had to be identified and monitored in the same way Muggle agencies maintained a watch list to keep track of suspected and known terrorists. He turned down the nomination to lead the task force, but kept busy as a consultant in addition to his other Auror duties. Ginny, promoted to sports editor at the Daily Prophet , also worked extended hours, although she did her best to work from home most afternoons. Harry should have consulted on only the most urgent cases and rearranged his duty schedule to help mind the children. Instead, he'd relied on Kreacher. The house-elf had become sprightlier with children to care for. He had home-schooled Sirius and Regulus and eagerly volunteered to teach James, Albus, and Lily. The children bragged about outings to museums and parks, and soon Ron was dropping Rose and Hugo off to "Kreacher School" with their cousins. When Rose and Albus went to Hogwarts, Hugo, keen to play team sports, chose to attend the wizard primary school his other cousins and the Scamander boys attended. Lily refused to go, begging to stay home so pitifully that Harry talked Ginny into allowing it. After all, Kreacher taught a wider variety of subjects at a higher level, so much so that Lily had breezed through her years at Hogwarts. Despite her academic successes, Harry sometimes wondered if he'd done Lily a disservice allowing her to opt out of primary school. She acted more like an adult than a child, a quality that earned her many admirers but few close friends. Not that the lack seemed to bother her. While other girls spent holidays with dorm-mates, she was happy spending time with Kreacher. Once she'd left Hogwarts, it had been a relief to see his daughter going out with former schoolmates and new acquaintances. At nineteen, Lily started dating Lorcan Scamander exclusively to the family's delight. Harry and Ginny joked with Luna and Rolf that they'd have pink-haired grandchildren if Lily and Lorcan married. It had shocked everyone when the pair broke up. . "Lorcan asked me to go to Norway, and I couldn't do it," Lily confessed when they went up to her room to ask what had happened. "Not just the trip, but the life he wanted, me being the little woman tagging along on his adventures. I have to be an equal partner." "Partner in what?" Ginny asked. "What do you want to do with your life?" "I don't know!" Lily burst into tears and Disapparated. Ginny threw up her hands. "She's gone to Kreacher because he coddles her, unlike her mother, who wants to help her do something besides shop and go clubbing!" "She's a girl with a broken heart. Let's give her some space. She'll come to us when she figures out what she wants," Harry said. "Between us, we have all the right connections." Ginny snorted, but her tone was amused. "We're not comforting, but we're useful, is that it?" He slid an arm around her. "I say we go to our room and comfort each other." "Comfort meaning sex." "Yes, please," Harry tightened his hold and Side-Along Apparated. . Over a year had passed since that day, yet Lily at twenty-one continued to act like a girl straight out of Hogwarts enjoying the freedom of adulthood with no thought of the future. The Daily Prophet and tabloids alike sold copies by publishing the latest photos of Lily leaving a party or club. She was their "It Girl," a phrase Ginny said meant their daughter was famous for her name, her looks, and her glamourous lifestyle instead of any meaningful contribution to society. Harry had reluctantly agreed that a family conference to discuss Lily's career options was in order. He'd been secretly proud of her for declaring that she would find her own job. Sod's Law that things went wrong with the worst possible outcome was proven when Lily answered Draco Malfoy's ad for a personal assistant. Malfoy Manor was in Wiltshire, far from London shops and clubs. Harry had convinced Ginny to let Lily discover that a job was work. A dose of reality was exactly what she needed. She'd return home after a few days ready to listen to their career advice. But she didn't come home. One week at the manor became two, and the thoughts that Harry constantly pushed to the back of his mind crept forward. Draco Malfoy is on the Auror watch list as a former Death Eater. For over a decade, he's rarely left the manor and has no known mistress. Neville jokes that his wife is extra-affectionate after Lily hugs him because Hannah thinks Lily fancies older men. Every group of Aurors you swear in has one or two young women who blush and gaze at you starry-eyed when you present them with their Auror badges. Women your daughter's age. Women you don't encourage, but you can't help noticing that they're pretty, can you? Lily is beautiful, and Malfoy isn't blind. He isn't fat, ugly, or even balding since he went to some posh clinic to fix his receding hairline. Ron was to blame for their past enemy's youthful head of hair. On the platform at King's Cross station, he'd snickered over "bouncing, balding ferrets" within earshot of Draco Malfoy and his wife. The next time they crossed paths, Malfoy's hairline had matched his son's. Harry didn't tell Ginny about his misgivings. He didn't want her to think he was dirty-minded or cause her to rush to Wiltshire to accuse Malfoy of having carnal intentions towards their little girl. Ginny was content believing her daughter was suffering and would be the better for it. They'd told the rest of their family and friends that Lily was travelling, which had somehow led to the rumour in the papers that she was in rehab, then in Europe. Guiltily, he kept his concern over a lonely widower's reaction to a beautiful young woman staying in his home and working closely with him day after day to himself. Harry had never been good at picking up emotional cues—he'd thought Tonks had loved Sirius, for Merlin's sake—but he was a bloke, and could imagine how he'd react in similar circumstances. It was enough to give him nightmares. He decided to open the lines of communication by sending Lily a letter apologising for not believing that she'd last at her job once the novelty wore off. She'd organised almost everyone in the family's wardrobes, he should've known that she would enjoy using her skills on a more challenging project. He should've had more faith, and would do his best to convince her mother—Harry couldn't admit he was the one with fears and suspicions—to wait a week or two before revealing Lily's whereabouts. What he didn't write, although it took everything he had not to do it, was, "Finish up organising Malfoy's library by then, or we're coming to drag you home!" Harry sent the letter on Friday. On Monday morning, he was sitting in his office sorting through the usual pile of interdepartmental memos and owl post when he saw a bright pink envelope with "Harry Potter (Dad)" in Lily's handwriting. He reached for it with a self-congratulatory grin. Here it was: his reassurance that Draco Malfoy was merely an employer, and her work there was almost done. He ripped open the envelope and read: Dad, Thank you for writing and telling me you have faith in me. That means so much. I'm sure it will disappoint Mum to hear that I've had the best two weeks organising Draco's library, so you don't have to tell her if you don't want to. I do need you to break the news that I'm staying on to organise Draco's research for publication. We've decided on the subject for the first book, and I'll be drawing the illustrations. Tell Mum not to come to Malfoy Manor to talk me out of it because I won't be there. I'll send a letter from France, Lily The second time Harry read the words, specific parts leapt out at him. Break the news . . . I'll be staying on . . . I'll send a letter from France. Lily had twice referred to Malfoy as Draco, but she called loads of her parents' friends by their first names: Neville, for example. Hannah thinks Lily fancies older men. He scanned the letter a third time. "We've decided" and "I'll be drawing the illustrations" drew his attention. Lily's explanation for her breakup with Lorcan flashed through his mind. I have to be an equal partner. "Don't overreact. Don't leap to conclusions," Harry told himself as he folded the letter into a square and shoved it into a trouser pocket. He checked his watch. Seven AM. Scorpius, a mystery writer fortunate enough not to need a day job, often worked on his current novel until the early morning hours, according to Rose. If he was sleeping in today, she'd have to wake him up. They needed to talk. . . . Scorpius Malfoy usually dreamed about scenes he was working on. While writing his first novel, his protagonist, "Lucky" Lucius Severus, a Roman senator's son sent to assist in rebuilding Londinium after the Iceni revolt, refused to fall for a plucky servant girl as planned. Scorpius had dreamed that the brown-haired Lucius had split into two men, one blond, and one black-haired, who both made love to the governor's auburn-haired daughter, Julia, falsely accused of murdering her husband. Rose and Albus had laughed when he'd told them his "revelation" that Lucius Severus was a combination of himself and Albus, and the sharp-witted Julia was based on Rose. They'd known all along, and were flattered, as they should be. He wrote "witty, strong, sexy characters" according to Witch Weekly. Dreams about his characters, Scorpius enjoyed. Dreams about his dad and Lily Potter, however, were another story. Since Saturday night when he and Rose had dropped by the manor to check on his dad and found him sharing a romantic dinner on the terrace with Albus's little sister, he'd had nightmares. Two nights, three nightmares—unless the one that had just jolted him awake after a few hours' sleep was a daymare. Every bad dream started the same way: he and Rose looked for his dad, who wasn't in the library, or the indoor pool, or his bedroom, or the kitchen. "Maybe he decided to eat on the terrace. It's a lovely evening," Rose said. Her calm tone eased his worry. His dad wasn't lying on the floor, dead of