Delphini would have died in infancy from lack of touch if she'd been Muggle. No nursemaid rocked her to sleep or held her for longer than it took to complete a feeding, bath, or nappy change. She scared people—not instantly, each new face that peered into her cot smiled at first. The fear crept in like fog. Tendrils of unease gradually thickened until the nursemaids didn't see the baby as a poor abandoned child anymore. The dread that struck them upon entering the nursery showed in stiff posture and trembling hands. Their eyes darted around the room, looking everywhere but at the baby who silently watched them. The few nursemaids who didn't quit once they'd begun to have panic attacks were carted away to St. Mungo's, babbling that Delphini was in their minds and someone had to get her out. Euphemia Rowle attempted to hire an Occlumens caregiver for the Lestrange spawn, but none were to be found, so she became resigned to the constant bother of interviewing nursemaids. There wasn't enough gold in Gringotts to make her care for the wretch herself. Euphemia's Augurey was the child of her heart. Whenever the bird glimpsed the cursed girl, it would cry out, foretelling the brat's sticky end. On her ward's fifth birthday, instead of baking a cake or bestowing presents, Euphemia announced that there would be no more nursemaids. Delphini experienced a pang in her chest, but simply nodded. It annoyed her guardian to no end when she didn't seem to care. Euphemia stomped out of the nursery, leaving Delphini on the rug stacking wooden blocks, one for each nursemaid who had cared for her, however briefly. . She'd never meant to frighten anyone with her "peeping" as Nanny McNary—her last and favourite nursemaid—called it. The women who tended her just had such open minds, Delphini from birth was able to catch stray memories and thoughts that made her want to see more. When she did, it was almost like she was the one who had been hugged, who had laughed, and who had been kissed on the cheek. The nursemaids taught her about families. They taught her about emotions that didn't hurt, and showed her glimpses of the world outside the dim, musty corridors of Rowle House. As the years passed, she learned through sad experience to peek at thoughts without being detected. When Delphini turned six, she entered the drawing room that reeked with the ammonia odour of bird droppings to deliver the letter she'd copied out four times to make sure each word was written in her best handwriting. Euphemia snatched the parchment with her silver-painted talons and crumpled the letter after reading it. "You want to go to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?" She drew in a breath that puffed out her flat chest. "As if they'd send you a letter. You don't even have a last name." "Yes, I do." She didn't know it yet, because she didn't want to look into her guardian's mind, but she would do it one day if she had to. Euphemia blinked like a startled owl. "You're talking. When did that happen?" Delphini wasn't about to admit that she regularly spoke to an imaginary friend. "I want the books on the first-years' reading list." Euphemia gaped at her. "Now you're reading ?" Her guardian hadn't taught her or hired a tutor. Most nursemaids had listened to the Wireless in their adjoining quarters when not tending Delphini. One, however, had carried around paperbacks with wizards and witches embracing on the covers. Delphini hadn't understood why Frau Schmidt stared so intently at tiny black marks until she'd seen the woman's mouth move and realised the marks were words put on paper instead of spoken. She'd learned to sight read from the woman's thoughts, and then Nanny McNary came and brought Reading Tree books. In exchange for not using her Legilimency gifts without permission, Delphini was taught phonics. "You will buy the books for me," Delphini said. Euphemia pulled the end of a strand of black pearls away from her throat and twisted it around a bony finger. "How am I supposed to get the list? Go to Diagon Alley and ask someone?" Several nursemaids had daydreamt of strolling down the street of shops. Delphini could picture the cobblestone walkway and the sign of the bookseller Flourish and Blotts. "Conceding already? You have a smidgen of common sense, at least." Euphemia relaxed into her wing chair and reached for the glass of sherry on the side table. "Return to the nursery and do whatever it is you do up there. I shall inform Mrs. Peck that you're going to bed early without supper for your cheek." She snorted. "Buy you books ." The Augurey, hunched and sour-looking in its cage, uttered a mocking cry. . Delphini went to the library instead of her room. Whenever Euphemia drank too much and worried that robbers would break in and steal her emergency funds out of the safe, she filled drawstring pouches with Galleons and hid them in places she thought clever. The false bottom of the lower desk drawer currently held two pouches. Delphini took the heavier one and crept out of the house. She'd never forget the day Nanny McNary stood on the kerb and raised her wand arm to summon the Knight Bus. Delphini had wished with all her might that her guardian would sack her too. She lifted her hand. I need to go to Diagon Alley! A purple triple-decker bus appeared out of nowhere and screeched to a halt. Delphini clambered up the steps the moment the door opened with a whoosh, handing a Galleon to the conductor before he could tell her the fare. "Keep the change, my good man," she said like one of the grand ladies in Frau Schmidt's books. The driver cackled. "And try not to spend it all in one place!" All the chairs on the lower deck were taken. Delphini eagerly met the gaze of passengers as she walked by. Most had distracted, need to pick up this or that item while shopping sorts of thoughts. A stern-faced old woman looked at her and was reminded of a favourite granddaughter who had similar long dark hair. What a darling child. So pretty. Delphini stopped beside the woman's chair. Stern features softened. "First time on the bus?" Receiving a nod, the old woman smiled. "The best view's at the top." "Thank you." No one had called her darling or pretty before. Nanny McNary used to say things like, "you look bright-eyed and bushy-tailed this morning" and "our walk's put roses in those pale cheeks," but Nanny was a lapsed Catholic, whatever that was, who believed that puffing up a child's vanity was not training her in the way she should go. Delphini made her way to the stairs. She didn't need a nanny anymore. She could train herself and go to Diagon Alley on her own. The top deck had benches that didn't slide like the lower deck chairs. She sat on a bench in the middle and enjoyed the view of the bus careening through Muggle traffic. The only other passenger on that level, a witch with frizzy silvery hair who was sitting at the front, abruptly turned, stared at Delphini, and strolled back to take a seat across the aisle from her. The woman's face was startlingly young. She had light brown eyebrows. "I usually dye my ends purple to rock the granny hair a bit more," the girl said, "but Great-Aunt Sybill insisted I look professional for my Ministry interview." She made a face as she brushed lint off her black witch's robes. The mental image of a thin, wrinkled face blinking at the world through thick spectacles and a mane of frizzy white hair was so funny; Delphini clapped a hand over her mouth to keep her amusement from spilling out. Her guardian found the laughter of children offensive, and this girl might not like it either. "Your eyes are smiling. May as well let your lips in on the fun." The girl grinned and held out her hand. "I'm Cassie. Nice to meet you." "Delphini." She cautiously reached out a hand. The instant their fingers touched, Cassie clutched Delphini's hand instead of shaking it. Gaze fixed on a distant point, she said, "Forgiving isn't something you do for someone else. It's something you do for yourself. It's saying, 'You're not important enough to have a stranglehold on me.' It's saying, 'You don't get to trap me in the past. I am worthy of a future'." Her eyes closed and then snapped open. "Jodi Picoult. The Storyteller ." She dug into an inner pocket of her robes and brought out a notepad and quill. "My gift is rubbish. I remember the source, not the quote. Tell me what I said while I add another title to my must-read list." Delphini repeated Cassie's words. "Thanks. My mum's family has Seer blood, and my dad's from a long line of Bibliomancers, so my insights are quotes from authors I've never heard of until their names and books pop into my head. Jodi Picoult sounds Muggle, don't you think?" Delphini was too surprised by the way Cassie said "Muggle" as if it was a casual word and not the most horrible insult to answer the question. Cassie returned the quill and pad to her pocket. "Old-fashioned dress and cloak. Shocked expression. Let me guess. Your pure-blood family uses Muggle as a four letter word." She sighed. "There's nothing wrong with being non-magical, you know. It's just a different way to be human." Her unguarded thoughts conjured images of a laughing young man who juggled balls with his hands instead of using a magic wand. "Is he a Muggle?" Delphini asked without considering what her question revealed. "Why does he paint his face and wear a fake red nose?" Cassie's eyes widened. "He's a clown—wait, you saw Jack?" She scratched her head. "I didn't even feel your Legilimency. That's scary good." "I shouldn't have done it," Delphini said. Two of Nanny McNary's "magic words" came to mind. "I'm sorry." She sighed in relief when Cassie smiled. The girl was friendly and had given the insight, even if Delphini didn't understand what it meant. She wanted her to stay and talk. "No harm done," Cassie replied. She tilted her head like a curious bird. "Who teaches their kid Legilimency before she goes to Hogwarts? Is your mum or dad an Obliviator or something?" Delphini nodded so she wouldn't have to tell Cassie that she didn't know who her parents were or if they'd had jobs. "I understand. You could tell me, but then your folks would have to Obliviate me." Cassie leaned forward. "What am I thinking now?" Delphini looked and saw a ring with a square emerald that matched the colour of Cassie's eyes. When the girl relaxed her guard a little more, images floated through her mind like dandelion seeds blown by the wind. "You want to wear Jack's ring one day and marry at Chessington World of Adventures and feed giraffes." Cassie's face lost colour. "You can't have seen all that. I was trying to use Occlumency to keep my mind blank." "Please." Only once before had she used Nanny McNary's most powerful magic word. It hadn't made Euphemia let Nanny stay, but Cassie was nice. Surely it would work on her. "Please." Don't be afraid of me. Don't run away. "Why all the fuss?" Cassie asked. "Did I look like I was going to run off screaming? I was startled, not pissing myself." Her colour was healthy once more. A giggle burst from Delphini before she could clap a hand over her mouth. "Merlin's knickers, a smile! And your face didn't crack. Fancy that." Cassie winked. Delphini didn't try to keep her lips from jumping up at the corners. "What is Chessington World of Adventures?" By the time the Knight Bus