Author disclaimer: My other stories with Malfoy characters are based on the book series, but this novella (a long short story over 17,000 words, usually not divided into chapters and meant to be read in one sitting) takes its inspiration from the Harry Potter and the Cursed Child play. Characters and romantic pairings are different from what readers familiar with my other fics might expect. It's a different dimension of the Potterverse, mates. . . "Wake up, Miss Lily." If anyone other than Kreacher had spoken those words, Lily would have buried her head under a pillow and ignored them. She hadn't made it to bed until half past four. She needed sleep, damn it. "Tell Mum I'm sick." "Mistress Ginny gives Kreacher potions for Miss Lily." She cracked open an eyelid. Since she had a low platform bed, she looked directly into Kreacher's beloved wrinkled face. He held two bottles in each hand. She read the labels aloud. "Sober Up, Nauseous No More, Pain Relief and—what's the last one? Veritaserum? I'm going down to breakfast and an interrogation, aren't I?" Every night she went out clubbing, photos of her ended up in the next morning's papers. Scandalmongers were eager to gossip over Harry Potter's party girl daughter. Club owners counted on it. Lily groaned as she sat up and reached for the puke-green bottle of Nauseous No More. "I only had a few glasses of champagne. I wasn't that drunk." She swallowed the potion that settled her stomach and downed the contents of bottles that dispelled her headache and sensitivity to light and sound. Her eyesight sharpened, allowing her to read Vitamix on the last bottle's label. They wanted her hydrated and vitamin-fortified. She pulled the cork and chugged the contents. "Miss Lily is feeling better?" She grimaced and threw back the covers. "All except my bladder." She sprinted across to the ensuite—the perk of being the only daughter. Her brothers had to share the loo at the end of the corridor. After taking care of bodily needs, including a quick shower, she pulled on a towelling robe and returned to the bedroom to find Kreacher placing a white sundress and matching sandals with no heels on her bed. "It's that bad?" Kreacher said, "Master and Mistress needs reminding that Miss Lily is their precious girl." She walked over and bent to kiss his cheek. "This is why I love you best." No matter what she did, she was always precious to Kreacher. When he shook his head, the tips of his ears flushed pink, she said teasingly, "You can't have forgotten the poll James took when I was five. He asked me and Al who we loved more, Mum or Dad, and I said you." At the time, her mum had been working all hours to prove herself as the new sports editor at the Daily Prophet while her dad spent more time hunting Dark wizards than with his family. Her brothers hadn't seemed to mind. They played their boy games and read their wizard comics, but for Lily, Kreacher had been her substitute parent, teacher and playmate combined. The smile that had been spreading across Kreacher's face vanished. "Master Harry calls. Hurry and dress, Miss Lily!" He Disapparated. Lily gathered underclothes and decided not wear any makeup to complete the innocent look. She walked downstairs instead of Apparating to give herself time to get her apologies in order. Should she promise to avoid the clubs for a few weeks? She hated to do it, but if it would get her parents off her back she'd attend private parties instead. "In the drawing room," her mum called out when Lily would have walked past. Drawing room equalled formality. Not a good sign. She froze when she saw the room was packed with relatives: Adult relatives. This wasn't a Sunday dinner she'd forgotten. Chairs and sofas were arranged in a semicircle facing three chairs placed against the wall on the same side of the room as the door. Her mum and dad sat in two of the three chairs. The one in the middle was empty. Lily lifted her chin. "What's this? A ruddy intervention?" She had to take a Squire Cab once—maybe three times—a month. Considering all the parties and events she attended, all the clubbing, she was a model of responsible drinking! "We're worried about your future, dear," Granny Weasley said. Lily's mum pointed to the empty chair. "Have a seat. Everyone is here to help you sort out your career options." "You're so bright, you could be anything," her dad said. "Artist, Healer, Auror—" "Harry, I thought we agreed she should make her own decisions." Her mum frowned. "We have enough Aurors in the family with you, Albus and Teddy." Across the room, Uncle George shouted, "Be an entrepreneur!" over Uncle Bill's, "Curse breaker!" Lily's gaze swept over earnest faces. Each relative felt a calling for their profession, whether it was creating wheezes or caring for a home and family. They couldn't understand her aimlessness. She was a genetic abnormality. "I'll figure it out on my own, thanks." "You haven't so far," her mum said. "You're twenty-one, and you've never shown a sign of being interested in anything but clothes and parties—" "Clothes designers give me so I'll be photographed wearing them. Parties I'm paid to attend." Lily laughed mirthlessly at her mum's shocked expression. "How do you think I afford everything I have? It isn't with the five Galleon allowances you deposit in my vault." Her parents traded "I thought you paid for her clothes" looks, and then her mum said, face turning red, "You get paid . . . ?" "Ginny," Granny Weasley said in her calm down, dear tone. Lily's dad chuckled uncertainly. "You're having us on, aren't you, sweetheart?" Stars and stones, they acted like she was a prostitute! "No, Dad, I'm not." The disappointment in his eyes—on all the faces staring at her—was too much. "Fine," Lily cried. "I'll get a real job." She Apparated. . . Kreacher's den was the one place she could go and not worry that her family would intrude. Her parents had promised when they'd remodelled his original den into a suite of rooms to always respect his privacy. Her brothers knew she would hex them if they tried to barge their way in when she needed alone time with Kreacher. The underground rooms were like museum exhibits. The parlour, with its serpent wall sconces, Kreacher-sized sofa and chair, Black family tapestry and glass-fronted cabinets filled with boyish treasures like Gobstones and Exploding Snap cards, she'd named the Regulus Room. She arrived to find it empty. Lily sat on the sofa after snatching up the folded copy of the Daily Prophet Kreacher always placed on the arm of his chair. The paper had a laxness to its folds, so she didn't feel guilty for opening it up to the Classifieds section. Her prospects were dismal. She didn't have the work experience needed to apply for the few positions that interested her, and those jobs advertising no experience necessary seemed dodgy and/or demeaning. She would not dress up in an owl costume and hold a sign to entice passers-by into Eyelops Owl Emporium. Lily was fighting the urge to crumple the paper into a ball and kick it when a job posting in the "Outside London" section caught her eye. There were no moving images to entice, no mention of salary or benefits, just the position, personal assistant, and a mailing address in Wiltshire for responses. Lily recognised the address. She'd seen it on an envelope just before Christmas; Scorpius and Rose had been late sending out their Christmas cards. She refolded the paper and set it on the arm of Kreacher's chair before Apparating to her room. It wouldn't do to lug a suitcase downstairs. If her family got a whiff of her plan, they'd declare her mental and lock her up until she saw "reason." To hell with that. She was taking control of her life. Granddad Weasley's gift of a Muggle artefact that had been enchanted with Capacious Charms and used to steal items Muggles never suspected fit within the black leather tote suited her needs perfectly. She ran a finger over the embossed GG. The witch who had chosen the bag had great taste. Lily was packing her toiletry kit on top of everything she owned when Kreacher Apparated into the room. His bat-like ears twitched. "What is Miss Lily doing?" She gestured to her messy bun and tank-style sheath. The hem of the dress ended well above the knee, but the fabric was navy tweed. She'd worn it to a charity luncheon to attract businesswomen to the designer's shop. "I'm preparing for a job interview." She closed the tote and slipped on navy high-heeled court shoes. "Is it safe to walk downstairs, or should I leave through the window?" Years of sneaking in and out had made her an expert at casting Levitation Charms. "The window." Kreacher dolefully watched her unlock the window and push up the sash. "With whom shall Kreacher say Miss Lily is interviewing when Master or Mistress asks?" Lily bit her lip to stifle a nervous giggle. "It's a surprise, but I'll let everyone know by the end of the day." She bent to hug him. "Don't worry about me. I'm part Black, remember?" Hearing his raspy chuckle, she said, "Wish me luck." Round eyes bloodshot with age widened. "Is you needing it?" A giggle burst from her throat before she could stop herself. "I hope not." She kissed the top of his bald head and left before he changed his mind about aiding her escape. . . Oversized sunglasses and business attire did the trick of concealing her identity as she Flooed from London to Salisbury and hired a Squire Cab to take her the rest of the way. The wrought iron gates were closed and didn't open when the cab drew up alongside. "I'll walk from here," Lily told the driver as she handed him Galleons for the fare plus a large tip. He brow furled with the same "don't I know you from somewhere?" confusion he'd displayed since opening the cab door for her outside the Salisbury Floo station. She kept her expression aloof since he might recognize her if she smiled; she had her mother's full lips and wide smile. Once the Squire Cab had gone, Lily touched the gate. The iron beneath her hand twisted into a metal sculpture of a face. The mouth moved, and a man's voice asked, "Who shall I say is calling?" Ah, the butler. She'd been to parties at other manor houses and recognised the tone. "Lily Potter." After a couple of long minutes, the butler voice said, "Enter." Iron bars dissolved into smoke. Lily walked through and glanced over her shoulder to watch the gate reform into a solid barrier once more. "I feel at home already," she muttered. The tall hedge that bordered each side of the gravelled drive effectively focused a visitor's gaze on the mansion looming at the end. She'd heard Scorpius call his ancestral home the family mausoleum. Lily thought Malfoy Manor looked like a place under enchantment. No groundskeepers tended the gardens, no one stood on the step to greet her. "They aren't dead," she said out loud to break the silence and dispel her sudden case of nerves. "Everyone's sleeping, or waiting—whatever fairy tale nonsense applies." She tightened her grip on her tote bag and marched toward the enormous, probably hundreds of years old front door. It swung open, all on its own. Lily squared her shoulders and strode into the manor. Her jaw dropped. Well lit, with classical French wall panels and pale marble floors set off by a pastel needlepoint carpet that might have come from Versailles, the entrance hall was gorgeous. The portraits looking down their noses at her from their frames hung high on the walls seemed