I actually had this written a week or so after reading Mark of Athena when it first came out and this has been sitting on my computer since then . Set during Mark of Athena , at the bottom of page 157 when Annabeth wakes Percy up. Alternate version of how they spend the night. Please do not read if under 18 or easily offended by mature themes. Since, I'm Irish, 17 is the legal age to consent for sex. Therefore, for personal reasons, I switched both Percy and Annabeth's ages to 17 so that they don't engage in underage sex, at least in Ireland. The image faded, and a girl's voice whispered, "Percy." At first, Percy thought he was still asleep. When he'd lost his memory, he'd spent weeks dreaming about Annabeth, the only person he remembered from his past. As his eyes opened and his vision cleared, he realised she was really there. She was standing by his berth, smiling down at him. Her blonde hair fell across her shoulders. Her storm-grey eyes were bright with amusement. He remembered his first day at Camp Half-Blood, five years ago, when he'd woken from a daze and found Annabeth standing over him. She had said, "You drool when you sleep." She was sentimental that way. " Wh- what's going on?" he asked. "Are we there?" " No," she said, her voice low. "It's the middle of the night." " You mean..." Percy's heart started to race. He realise he was in his pyjamas, in bed. He probably had been drooling, or at least making weird noises as he dreamed. No doubt he had a severe case of pillow hair and his breath didn't smell great. "You sneaked into my cabin?" Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Percy, you'll be eighteen in two months. You can't seriously be worried about getting into trouble with Coach Hedge." " Uh, have you seen his baseball bat?" " Besides, Seaweed Brain, I just thought we could take a walk. We haven't had any time to be together alone. I want to show you something - my favourite place aboard the ship." Percy's pulse was still in overdrive, but it wasn't from fear of getting in trouble. "Can I , you know, brush my teeth first?" " You'd better," Annabeth said. "Because I'm not kissing you until you do. And brush your hair while you're at it." For a trireme, the ship was huge, but it still felt cosy to Percy - like his dorm building back at Yancy Academy, or any of the other boarding schools he'd been kicked out of. Annabeth and he crept downstairs to the second deck, which Percy hadn't explored for sickbay. She led him past the engine room, which looked like a very dangerous, mechanised jungle gym, with pipes and pistons and tubes jutting from a central bronze sphere. Cables resembling giant metal noodles snaked across the floor and run up the walls. " How does that thing even work?" Percy asked. " No idea," Annabeth said. "And I'm the only one other than Leo who can operate it." " That's reassuring." " It should be fine. It's only threatened to blow up once." " You're kidding. I hope." She smiled. "Come on." They worked their way past the supply rooms and the armoury. Towards the stern of the ship, they reached a set of wooden doors that opened into a long stable. The room smelled of fresh hay and wool blankets. Lining the left room were three empty horse stalls like the ones they used for pegasi back at camp. The right wall had two empty cages big enough for large zoo animals. In the centre of the floor was a twenty-foot-square-see-through panel. Far below, the night landscape whisked by - miles of dark countryside crisscrossed with illuminated highways like the strands of a web. " A glass-bottomed boat?" Percy asked. Annabeth grabbed a blanket from the nearest stable gate and spread it across part of the glass floor. "Sit with me." They relaxed on the blanket, as if they were having a picnic, and watched the world go by below. " Leo built the stables so pegasi could come and go easily," Annabeth said. "Only he didn't realise pegasi prefer to roam free, so the stables are always empty." Percy wondered where Blackjack was - roaming the skies somewhere, hopefully following their progress. Percy's head still throbbed from getting whopped by Blackjack's hoof, but he didn't hold that against the horse. " What do you mean, come and go easily? " he asked. "Wouldn't a Pegasus have to make it down two flights of stairs?" Annabeth rapped her knuckles on the glass. "These are bay doors, like on a bomber." Percy gulped. "You mean we're sitting on doors? What if they opened?" " I suppose we'd fall to our deaths. But they won't open. Most likely." " Great." Annabeth laughed. "You know why I like it here? It's not just the view. What does this place remind you of? Percy looked around: the cages and stable, the Celestial bronze lamp hanging from the beam, the smell of hay and of course Annabeth sitting close to him, her face ghostly and beautiful in the soft amber light. " That zoo truck," Percy decided. "The one we took to Las Vegas." Her smile told him he'd got the answer right. " That was so long ago," Percy said. "We were in bad shape, struggling to get across the country to find that stupid lightning bolt, trapped in a truck with a bunch of mistreated animals. How can you be nostalgic about that?" " Because, Seaweed Brain, it's the first time we really talked, you and me. I told you about my family, and..." She took out her camp necklace, strung with her dad's college ring and a colourful clay bead for each year at Camp Half-Blood. Now there was something else on the leather cord: a red coral pendant Percy had given her when they started dating. He'd brought it from his father's palace at the bottom of the sea. " And," Annabeth continued, " It reminds me how long we've known each other. We were twelve , Percy. Can you believe that?" " No," he admitted. "So... you knew you liked me from that moment?" She smirked. "I hated you at first. You annoyed me. Than I tolerated you for a few years. Then - " " Okay, fine." She leaned over and kissed him: a good, proper kiss without anyone watching - no Romans anywhere, no screaming satyr chaperones. As Annabeth began to pull back, Percy raised a hand to the back of her head, deepening their kiss. He ran his tongue over her lips, pleading for entrance. Annabeth complied with no resistance. They let their tongues battle for dominance while Percy lifted Annabeth on top of him, allowing her to straddle him. They broke away, panting heavily from their make-out session. "I missed you, Percy," Annabeth whispered as their foreheads rested against each other. She closed her grey eyes and brushed her lips against Percy's gently. "I thought I'd lost you," she murmured softly, deciding it was about time she voiced that particular fear. "You didn't," Percy replied as he brought one hand to rest on her left hip while he brought the other up to her cheek. "You never will. I promise. We're in this. Together," he whispered softly, reassuringly, before claiming his girlfriend's lips once more. Annabeth moaned into the kiss; Percy always did have a way of making things seem okay. When they, eventually, broke the kiss, Percy moved his lips to start sucking and biting down her neck. "Percy?" she moaned, throwing her head back as he marked her tanned skin. "Yeah?" he muttered, his voice deep and husky, before he licked the mark - 'H is mark ,' he thought possessively - on her neck. "I want. I want to make love with you," she confessed, biting her bottom lip nervously. Was that too straight forward? Percy looked slightly confused. "Are - Are you sure Wise Girl?" he whispered; he wouldn't do anything his Wise Girl didn't want him to do. "Yes," Annabeth breathed against his lips, bringing her hands down to catch his and moving them to the hem of her hoodie, which actually happened to be one of his. He had wondered where that had gone to. "How many of my clothes did you take?" Percy teased half-heartedly. "A few. It was one of the only things that I could do to feel close to you," Annabeth replied honestly, leaning forward to kiss . "Well then, I have a lot to make up to you for," he whispered as he slowly began to take the hoodie off of his girlfriend. "That I definitely agree with Seaweed Brain," Annabeth muttered playfully as he lifted the hoodie over her head. Percy paused; yes, he'd seen her in a bikini but he has never seen his girlfriend naked. Let alone half naked. And straddling him at the same time. She hadn't been wearing a bra under his hoodie. "Like what you see Seaweed Brain?" Annabeth teased as she caught her boyfriend staring at her breasts. "Not as much as I love the woman in front of me," he stated before wincing mentally. It sounded more cheesy when he said it aloud. Annabeth blushed at her boyfriend's statement. "I love you too," she whispered before Percy claimed her lips gently while he brought his hands up to her tits to play with them. She moaned into his mouth as he massaged her plump mounds, his index fingers and thumbs rolling her nipples. Annabeth moaned in pleasure as Percy broke the kiss and took her right nipple in his mouth. He flicked his tongue over her erect nub experimentally, smirking when she gasped his name loudly. "Fuck, Percy..." "Yes, Wise Girl," he muttered teasingly as he nipped and sucked his way across to her other tit. "Please don't tease me," Annabeth practically begged before her boyfriend wrapped his lips around her left breast, sucking on her nipple hungrily. The blonde's hands went straight to Percy's hair, threading her fingers through the jet black strands of his hair, tugging gently when he trailed his teeth over her sensitive areola. "I'm not," Percy mumbled against her chest as he let go of her nipple with a loud, wet 'pop'. "I'm making up for lost time, Wise Girl," he whispered as he kissed and sucked his way down his girlfriend's body, moving them so Annabeth was underneath him on the blanket. "Oh Gods... Percy," Annabeth moaned as said boy - or should she be calling him 'man?' - slid his tongue teasingly into her belly button, making the blonde squirm at the pleasurable sensation. Percy smirked against Annabeth's skin as he brought his hands to his girlfriend's sweatpants, vaguely noting that the sweatpants were his as well, quickly removing the clothing. "Have I ever told you that I love it when you wear my clothes?" the brunette asked, smirking up at the blonde smugly. "You have now, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth teased, returning her boyfriend's cheeky smirk. The blonde gasped as Percy suddenly brushed his thumb over her clit, making her moan loudly in reply at his actions. "You... tease," she moaned, making Percy smirk in reply. He continued to rub circles on her sensitive nub, the calluses adding to the sensation. "Learned from the best, Annie," Percy replied before wrapping his lips around Annabeth's clit, switching between sucking and lapping on her bundle of nerves. Slowly, he brought one hand to trail a finger between her folds, smirking when she bucked her hips up to his touch. "How.. how am I... a tease?" she gasped, moaning as Percy slipped two fingers inside her. She grabbed the blanket beneath her, her body responding to everything her boyfriend was doing to her. "Since... Camp Jupiter... I've wanted nothing more... than to