Birthday Wishes Always Come True written by: albe-chan DISCLAIMER : This is a work of fiction and I do NOT own Harry Potter or any of the characters mentioned, and any similarities with real life is purely coincidental. This work will contain MATURE THEMES, such as coarse language, mature subject matter (scenes containing graphic sex, recreational drug use, nudity, etc.), and violence. Please, if you are not over the age of 18, or of majority in your country, DO NOT READ THIS! You have been warned! XXX Lily Potter looked at her fifteenth birthday cake and wished for one thing, closed her eyes for a brief second, visualizing the wish coming true, and then opened her bright hazel eyes and blew out her candles, every last one of them. There was clapping and her older brothers whooped. The redhead blushed, almost as dark as her crimson hair and her mother picked up the cake to slice. "My baby sister, fifteen already," James sighed. She rolled her eyes. "James, you're not even four years older than me," she drawled. "And I still remember when you were a baby and we had to go to Nan's in the middle of the night while you were being born and then Mum and Dad told us you were a girl when you finally came home, even though Dad said you'd be a brother. Still never going to forgive you for that," he chuckled. Lily rolled her eyes then turned to her cousin Rose, who was sleeping over that night, but saw her making suggestive eye contact with Scorpius Malfoy, who was sitting across the table from her. Lily barely resisted frowning. She knew her cousin Rose, along with dozens of other girls at Hogwarts, had a decent sized crush on the tall, handsome Seventh Year Slytherin. Including her. But when a guy is your older brother's best friend, you get stuck with the label of Little Sister by default. And Lily doubted Scorpius would ever see her as anything more than Albus's annoying little sister. But she got the perk of seeing him for the first two weeks of break every summer from when she was nine, turning ten, when he came to her parents' place to stay over with Al. And sometimes he took his shirt off, which Lily fully appreciated now. After the mini family party, Lily went out with Rose and Albus and Scorpius to 'play Quidditch'. Lily wasn't sure why Rose insisted she come, although her brother looked wary and Scorpius looked condescendingly amused. She was rubbish at Quidditch. They went back through the large yard to the little grouping of trees where the broom shed was, but instead of opening it, Albus and Scorpius, Rose who half-dragged Lily by the hand in tow, moved behind it. Her brother looked at her sternly. "If you're going to be a fink, I'll Obliviate you," he said. She noticed Scorpius rolled his eyes. "She won't," Rose said. "Hurry up, I don't want to get eaten by mosquitoes." Lily rolled her eyes at this. It was still June, barely into the second week of summer holidays before Lily's Fifth Year, and she thought herself mature for her just today fifteen years. And Lily, for the record, didn't fink, although she sometimes strategically let things slip. The redhead folded her arms, glancing around, and then looked over as Scorpius pulled a little bag of something green that smelled funny from his pocket and passed it to Albus. The darker haired young wizard crouched, pulled a package from his pocket, ripped it open, and pulled out a brown piece of what looked like thick parchment. She realized, when he put the green stuff in the paper and rolled it, what was about to happen, and her eyes widened. They couldn't smoke pot! Her parents were like fifty feet away! "Relax, Little Potter," Scorpius drawled teasingly, and she glared a little, because he was looking amused by her reaction. "No one's going to hold you at wand point." Albus's green eyes flicked up to her, then to Rose, who scoffed. "Come on," the auburn haired witch said, slapping a mosquito off her leg. "Lily's a big girl now. Besides, she's already tried it." The redhead shot her cousin a furious look. Albus and Scorpius looked shocked. "When?" Albus demanded. "My birthday," Rose said. It had been the first day of Easter break last school year, and Rose had thrown a huge bash because her parents were out of town. Lily had indeed tried smoking the first time that night. As well as drinking. She preferred the buzz of the latter, but she'd tried the green stuff again a second time during the week she spent with Rose, house sitting while Ron and Hermione Weasley were away, visiting her parents in Australia. "You're shitting me," Albus said, looking disgruntled. Scorpius grinned at her. "Maybe not so little after all, Little Potter," the blond said, dark grey eyes roving over her short denim cutoffs and baggy, plaid button down shirt thrown over her tiny tank top. "Big stoner now, then?" "Says the one who brought it," she snarked back. His grin widened, but then Albus handed his stuff back, pulled out his wand, and lit the end of the thick blunt, puffing contentedly, then passed it to his best mate. Scorpius took a hit, then passed it to Rose, who puffed and then handed it to Lily. She felt three pairs of eyes on her, but her hand didn't tremble as she reached for it, took a tiny drag, knowing it would hit her hard, and passed it along. By the time the blunt was finished, Lily was feeling decidedly mellow and floated with Rose back up to her room. "So, is it just me," Rose asked eyes bloodshot and squinty, "or is Scorpius like, painfully hot?" Lily giggled a bit. "Kind of," she admitted. Rose's eyes went wide and Lily laughed some more. "What?" she gasped. "Holy Hufflepuff, you like him don't you?" Lily tried to school her face into seriousness. "Yeah right," she said firmly. Rose cackled. "You so do! Godric, you're blushing! That's hilarious." The redhead scowled, but it wavered a bit. She was too buzzed and mellow to feel grouchy and properly pissed. "Yeah, well, sue me," she muttered. "You said it yourself, painfully hot." The auburn haired witch smirked. "Mmm. But for reals, d'you think he'd go for me? I mean, just 'cause, no offence, you're like Al's sister and whatever." The redhead grimaced. "Don't remind me. But why not? You're pretty, and smart, and when you're not being a total bitch you can be nice." Rose threw a pillow at her. "Sod off, Potter," she giggled. "Go get some Butterbeers, I have mad pasties." The redhead rolled her eyes but rose from her very comfortable chair and headed downstairs toward the kitchen. She moved with practiced ease through the house, and didn't bother to turn on the kitchen light as she went to the fridge. The ghostly glow was oddly comforting in her state and she smiled vaguely, eyeing up the contents, trying to remember what she'd been going for. Lily leaned down, wondering if she should give in to temptation and eat some of the leftover birthday cake. "Put some pants on, Little Potter," Scorpius said from very close behind her and she jumped upright. He laughed. "Jumpy?" he teased. "You fucking scared me, asshole," she breathed, turning to face him. He moved in toward her and reached around the side of her waist, pulling out a pair of Butterbeers. He held one out to her and she smiled a little as she accepted it. "Happy Birthday," he rumbled, and then kissed her, soft and gentle, and not nearly long enough, on the mouth, his full lips moving sensually over hers and then away. She blinked and then he was gone. Lily quickly grabbed another Butterbeer for Rose and hustled back to her room. She was torn, whether to tell her cousin or not, but Rose seemed to genuinely like Scorpius. The redhead decided she would at least give Rose the chance to try pursuing the tall sexy blond. And if he wasn't interest in Rose, then maybe, Lily decided, she would see if he might be interested in her, or if that had really just been a birthday kiss that literally meant nothing. The next Saturday Lily was lounging in the setting sun, reading her new copy of Witch Weekly, soaking up the sun. The weather forecast was calling for sun and heat for the next couple weeks and she was eager to test out a tanning potion she'd bought last year in Hogsmeade. She flipped the page to continue reading the article on Jeanette Delaney, internationally famous singer/songwriter witch who was in a tumultuous love rhombus with some other minor celebs, when someone stood over her, casting a long shadow in the dim light. "Busy?" Scorpius drawled, eyes roving over her. "No. Why?" she asked, putting her magazine down. "Wanna go for a smoke?" The redhead's mouth pulled up on one side in a crooked smirk. "Where's Al?" Scorpius rolled his eyes. "Writing a very long, boring, apparently private letter to his girlfriend. And I don't want to wait for however long it takes him to say a hundred different ways how much he misses fucking her." Lily's nose scrunched. "Ew." Scorpius chuckled, even as she got up and followed him down toward the broom shed and the little stand of scraggly pine trees. "I never would have pegged you for a stoner," he said, passing the skinny blunt over. She took a hit, frowning when it wouldn't pull properly. The blond reached out and pinched her face gently with thumb and forefinger, along her cheeks, forcing her mouth into a pout. "Like that. Now puff." She did and lifted her brows because that worked much better. "Thanks," she murmured, blowing the smoke out, passing it back and licking her lips. "Mmm, grape?" "Yeah. So?" he asked. She giggled. "So what?" "So, Little Lily Potter is a stoner. It's just funny. And surprising." He puffed a bit, exhaled a cloud of sweet-skunky smoke, and then Lily's eyes widened when he put the thing backward in his mouth. Her eyebrows shot up when he leaned down and motioned her forward, but as he blew out a stream of smoke, she sucked it in, more than she had ever before. It puffed out in a cloud around her and she coughed and choked waving her hands. Scorpius laughed at her, then puffed on the blunt properly. "That was mean," she gasped, and coughed some more. "Aw, princess. You'll live." "Screw you, Scorpius," she said, but was feeling exceedingly stoned, and mellow. After they finished the blunt she went back to her magazine and he followed. "Why d'you read that crap?" he asked, motioning to her magazine with his chin. "I don't get it." "Why do you read Quidditch magazines?" she returned. "For the International stats, and pointers and feature articles on new equipment." Lily blinked and he grinned. "So why do you read mindless drivel and gossip?" The redhead glared. "There's some good stuff," she said defensively. But she admitted it was few and far between. Scorpius merely arched a disbelieving blond eyebrow. "Godric, why are you such a jerk?" she mumbled. And why did she still have a huge crush on such a jerk? "Can't help it," he replied, then moved her legs off the end of her lounge chair and sat down. Lily was equally delighted at the brush of his Quidditch rough hands on her flesh, and annoyed he was stealing half her chair. "Can I ask you something?" "Sure," she replied, glancing down at her magazine. "Something personal?" he pushed. She flicked a glance up. "You can ask," she said back. "I might not answer." He grinned. "Fair enough. It's just, I heard a rumour last year,