A Paying Customer written by: albe-chan DISCLAIMER: This is a work of fiction and I do NOT own Harry Potter or any of the characters mentioned that belong to JK Rowling, and any similarities with real life are purely coincidental. WARNING: This work will contain lots of MATURE THEMES, such as coarse language, mature subject matter (scenes containing drug use, prostitution, graphic sex, nudity, mentions of non-consensual sex and sexual acts, etc.), and violence. THIS MAY BE A TRIGGER IF YOU HAVE BEEN A VICTIM OF ASSAULT OF ANY SORT, OR SUFFER(ED) DRUG ABUSE/ADDICTION ISSUES. Please, if you are not over the age of 18, or of majority in your country, DO NOT READ THIS! Seriously, not for the faint of heart, either. You have been warned! AUTHOR'S NOTE: I do not endorse or necessarily support any of the themes in this story. Yes, there are lots of racial stereotypes, no, I do not prescribe to them. Seriously, this is a work of fiction, people. If this work offends you, I apologize, as that was not my intention. XXX Lily Potter opened hazel eyes blearily, squinting at the chipper late morning sunshine that poured in through a crack at the top of the blanket that served as a curtain in the master bedroom. There was snoring from behind her, loud and bothersome, and the young woman sat up, rubbing her face, wishing she was still unconscious. She grabbed a cigarette from the pack on the night stand, flicked her lighter and took a long drag, blowing it out as she sent a filthy look at the man snoring next to her. She tossed her long, snarled mane of wavy, dark red hair, got out of bed with a groan as her aching muscles protested, and shuffled to the bathroom. Her reflection in the mirror was haggard, and she frowned at the dark circles of eyeliner and mascara around her eyes, the dark red smear of lipstick around her mouth. She looked like shit, there was no other way to describe it. And she felt like shit after the previous night. She cleaned up as best she could, used the facilities, and headed back to the master bedroom, toward the sound of snoring. Her mouth turned down as the man slept on, oblivious, and she hastily got dressed in the clothes she'd arrived in last night. Black lace panties, a slinky little gold dress, and four inch platform stilettos. Her purse was, thankfully, where she'd left it on the dresser. Her payment was next to it, and she counted the bills carefully before tucking them into her purse. A small smirk curved her lips as she helped herself to an extra twenty from the man's wallet, left on the dresser beside her purse, and chanced a glance back at the sleeping figure. He snored on and her smirk widened. She picked up the little baggie of off white powder that had been under his wallet and tipped some out, even as her other hand reached for the section of straw she always carried in her purse. In seconds she'd snorted the little pile, feeling the tingling rush of cocaine tickle her nose and the familiar taste in the back of her throat. Now she was at least partly awake. Sealing the little baggie again, she placed it back under the man's wallet and glanced at him. She couldn't remember his name, not that it mattered, but it still bothered her. She was tempted to find out, but forced the urge down. It wasn't her business to know who paid for a night of her services, so long as they paid. She snitched another smoke, lit it up, and headed out of the dingy, run down apartment. Thomas. That was it, he'd said his name was Thomas. Lily smirked at that as she finally got outside into the already cloying early summer heat. As far as customers went, he'd been pretty good. And after turning tricks for the last six months, Lily had seen and experienced the not so good ones. But Thomas had been alright, even if he'd be pissed when he woke up to half the coke gone and missing twenty dollars. The redhead didn't much care. He wasn't one of her regulars and she had no intentions of letting him become one. She squinted at the harsh glare of sunlight as she strode purposefully down the sidewalk and pulled out her cellphone, puffing her cigarette. At twenty two, Lily had seen and experienced far more of life than she'd ever wanted to. Though she supposed that came with her line of work. She was relatively petite, though well endowed, and her entire life, people had always said she was pretty. As a kid, she recalled her various aunts and uncles commenting she'd be beautiful when she grew up. The thought now made Lily snort with derision. She was still good looking enough, she reckoned, but definitely not beautiful by any means. Life had assured she'd never be that B word. She tapped out her boyfriend's number and listened to the phone ring as she power-walked down the sidewalk, hardly aware of the disapproving stares of other women and the covert, lascivious glances from men. At last, someone picked up with a muffled "'Lo?" "Taz, get the fuck up," she said. "Come get me." The voice grunted. "Fuck you, Lily, I'm sleeping." She knew he'd hang up on her and took a hard drag off her cigarette. "Then wake up, you motherfucker. I'm not walking fifteen blocks." "Fuck you," Taz grunted. "You can do that when you come get me," she purred. "Hurry up. I'm walking down Blight Street now, heading to Lincoln." "Fucking Christ, Lily, it's the crack of fucking dawn," Taz grumbled, but she heard him getting up. "It is not, you stupid fucker. Get your ass out of bed and come get me." "I'm coming, bitch, keep your fucking panties on," he snarled, then hung up on her. She walked three more blocks before she finally spotted the familiar dark blue Mercedes parked up the street. Lily slid into the passenger seat, growling, "Fucking took you long enough." "Fuck you, bitch," Taz said, still looking half asleep. "You get paid?" She snorted and rolled her eyes, pulling the wad of cash from her purse. "Go to Dave's," she said, tossing six hundred dollars at him. She knew, when he didn't throw some coke at her in return he was dry and it ruined her mood. "No, I'm going to Murphy." Lily felt her temper flare. It was the bane of having red hair, the temper that went with it, and it had fucked her over plenty of times. "No you're fucking not, his shit is garbage and he's a fucking pervert. Go to Dave." "Fuck you, bitch, who you think is driving?" Taz snapped back. "A big fucking pussy, that's who," she snarked, digging for cigarettes in her purse. Taz pulled up to a red light and reached over, grabbing a fistful of her hair roughly. "The fuck you calling a pussy, bitch?" "I'm calling you a fucking pussy, Taz," she said through gritted teeth. He jerked her head back. "Fucking dumb bitch," he growled, and pulled her closer, kissing her hard, then threw her back into her seat. "Swear to fucking Christ I wanna fuckin' slap you sometimes." "Go fuck yourself. Go to Dave's," she said as the light changed. "I'll fucking go in by myself." Taz snorted. "So you can spread your fucking legs for him again?" Lily laughed, located cigarettes and lit one, passing it wordlessly to Taz. "Grow the fuck up, Taz. He was a paying customer." "And you put all the profits up your nose, you fucking whore," he shot back. Lily lit her own smoke and rolled her eyes. "Then you fuck guys for a living and snort your own profits, motherfucker." Taz smirked as Lily put her feet up on the dash. "Nah, all the niggas pay big bucks for your skinny white ass." "Except you," Lily shot back. Taz grinned, flashing his trademark smile with perfect, straight white teeth, a single canine plated in platinum. "I pay enough. I gotta get up at the fucking crack of dawn to pick your lazy ass up, don't I? Not to mention the bitching." Lily smiled, because it was the grin that had first attracted her to Taz. And the fact he sold coke. And he wasn't at all bad looking, even if he was an ungrateful motherfucker. He was average height, milk chocolate mixed, his dark hair almost always braided back into intricate cornrows, and his dark brown eyes were shrewd. He was lean and well-muscled thanks to a life growing up in the streets and a surprisingly sharp businessman, considering Lily knew he'd dropped out of high school in the tenth grade. "Babe, if I was lazy, I sure as fuck wouldn't have walked. I'd have sat my skinny white ass on the curb and waited." "Are fuckin' too lazy," he said, cigarette hanging out of his mouth. "Should've walked that skinny white ass all the way home and woke me up with that nasty fucking cocktease mouth on my dick. Not yelling and screeching at me like a crazy bitch." Lily laughed, leaning over and snapping her teeth together beside his ear. "Just for that I'm gonna bite it off next time," she purred. "Nah, you wouldn't do that." He glanced over. "Who'd get you your next fix?" Lily shrugged, sitting back in her seat. "I'd fucking call Ian. He'd drive me to Dave's." Taz shot her a filthy look and she smirked. "Fuckin' bitch," he muttered. Ian was technically Lily's ex, although she'd gone back to him a half dozen times, twice since being with Taz, when things got too intense and crazy, and she knew Taz was insanely jealous of the older, decidedly wealthier man. Ian was at least old enough to be Lily's father, and one of her first ever johns, and wanted nothing more than for her to settle down with him, get married, and pop out his babies. Lily would rather cut off her right hand than do any of that, but having Ian as a fallback, knowing he'd be there whenever she called because he was hopelessly in love with her, was a plus. And he was the very best sort of enabler. He didn't ask bothersome questions and didn't push her to commit and always had a hundred dollars to give her in cash for her fix. She hadn't talked to him in awhile, although she still sent him the odd text when she felt particularly mushy. He sent her a message at least once a week, telling her how wonderful and smart and beautiful she was, not that she really bought that, and how much he adored her and missed her. "You bet. Go to Dave's." "I'm not fucking going to fucking Dave's," Taz snarled. Lily rolled her eyes. "Fuck you, Taz, just fucking go to Dave. Everyone knows I'm a fucking whore, no one fucking cares except you." "Shut the fuck up," Taz said and flicked his finished cigarette out the window. "Choke on a fucking dick, asshole," Lily grumbled. They pulled up to another light and Lily snorted when a minivan pulled up beside them. Behind the wheel was a thirty-something man, looking like he wanted to off himself. Through her cracked window, Lily could hear his wife bitching at him. He rolled his eyes as she watched, then his gaze flicked to her. She licked her lips lasciviously, winked, and teased the neckline of her dress down, tits almost popping out. His brows shot up, eyes going wide, and Lily mouthed the words 'Let's fuck' and laughed as his jaw dropped open. Taz pulled away from the light, taking a left, and made a sound of disgust. "You really are a fucking whore," he grumbled. "Yup," she said,