Bound for Greatness written by: albe-chan DISCLAIMER : This is a work of fiction and I do NOT own Harry Potter or any of the characters mentioned that belong to J.K. Rowling, and any similarities with real life are purely coincidental. This work will contain MATURE THEMES, such as coarse language, mature subject matter (mentions of graphic sex, nudity, etc.), and violence. Please, if you are not over the age of 18, or of majority in your country, DO NOT READ THIS! You have been warned! XXX Scorpius Malfoy sighed and frowned as he sipped his whiskey masquerading, with the aid of a lemon sliver on the rim of his cup, as an iced tea. He hated these kinds of events, which he seemed to wind up attending more and more frequently of late, and he wondered for the dozenth time why he'd even bothered. Certainly weddings, of all things, were not his deal. Except that, invariably, at every wedding he'd ever attended there was an abundance of young, single women, drunk on too much champagne and the shared euphoria of one of their own tying a man down. For the most part, Scorpius just felt bad for the groom. All this pomp and circumstance, and grossly inflated expense, just to fuck the same woman for the rest of your life? No thanks. Not that he didn't doubt most grooms, and a good number of brides too, would be unfaithful. Statistics were statistics after all. His dark grey eyes scanned the room, on the prowl for a reasonably attractive female, but there wasn't much of interest at this wedding. And he knew better than to bring home a young Weasley girl. Been there, done that, learned his goddamn lesson. The rest, non-Weasleys, or at least the sort who lacked the ginger hair and freckles associated with being one, weren't very appealing on the whole. The only beddable females present were clearly already taken, and Scorpius no longer found pleasure poaching another's date. He took a long drink and started for the exit. He'd made his token appearance as requested, brought a lovely pair of crystal champagne flutes for the bride and groom, while wondering who would get them in the divorce settlement in five years or so, and now he would get the hell outta Dodge. "Sneaking out already?" asked a familiar voice from behind him, and he turned, smirking, to face his best friend in the entire world, and for most of his thirty-two years. "Not sneaking, Potter, but leaving, yes." Scorpius looked with interest at his friend's date. She was tall for a woman, as tall as the dark-haired man in her four-inch stilettos, with dark red hair piled artlessly atop her head, a decidedly pretty face, and in possession of a lingerie-model's body wrapped in a little black dress that showed off her perfect figure. Her best feature by far, though, had to be the tawny hazel, almond-shaped eyes that roved over him. They were a tempting mix of green and gold-flecked brown and definitely appraising as they met his gaze once more. Too bad Albus had gotten her first; she was a damn sight better looking than any other broad at this wedding. But when Scorpius looked back at his friend, the dark-haired, green-eyed man looked distinctly displeased that she was standing at his elbow. "Who's your friend, Al?" he drawled, glancing back at the young woman. Her red-painted mouth turned down at the corners as she drained her champagne, putting the empty glass on a table. "This is-" Albus began, but the redhead cut him off. "I'm not his friend. And I don't want to be here." She tilted her head slightly, looking at him speculatively. "This is the daughter of my father's new wife," Albus said flatly, slanting a filthy look at the redhead, who rolled her entrancing eyes. "Your step sister?" Scorpius asked, smirking as Albus's dark brows drew sharply together. "No," they said in unison. Scorpius couldn't resist grinning. "Are you actually leaving?" the redhead asked. "'Cause if you are, I could really use a ride." "Yeah right!" Albus scoffed. "It's James's wedding, you're not going anywhere. And I sure as hell am not listening to your mother bitching if you leave. I listen to her bitch about enough of your shit already, Lily." "Well, my mom can pretty much fuck off. I'm an adult," the redhead snapped back. "Don't wanna listen to her bitching? Tell her to shut it. And y'know what? All you Potters can fuck off. I'm out." She turned, back straight, chin up, and marched toward the the doors of the reception venue. "I'll make sure she gets home," Scorpius said quietly to Albus, who looked like he was in the mood to throttle someone to death, his green eyes blazing murderously. The dark haired man nodded, turning away, probably to face the redhead's mother and her bitchy wrath. The blond had heard, of course, about his best friend's newest relations, had met Harry Potter's new wife very briefly in passing once at their wedding, but he'd only heard about the daughter. Albus had described her as a spoiled brat and total bitch, who had a habit of doing everything contrary to her mother and stepfather's wishes. Albus hadn't mentioned, of course, the bratty bitch was also a hot tamale. He caught up to her just as she was exiting the lobby. "Where do you need a ride to?" he asked politely as she sucked in a deep breath in the balmy, July night. The redhead snorted. "Anywhere but here. I don't care at this point," she sighed. Scorpius arched a brow but didn't comment, gesturing her to follow as he made his way to his car, beeped it unlocked, and slid behind the wheel. She slunk into the passenger's side, her little black dress riding up on her creamy thighs ever so slightly as he started the car. It purred to life and he put them in gear. "Do you want me to take you home?" he asked, glancing over at her. Green-gold eyes roved down over his black silk suit and shirt and he hoped she would infer the double entendre in his words. "With you?" she clarified, that red mouth quirking to the side a little, then up into a coy smile. Her arms lifted and she began unpinning her hair. "Sure," she said at last, even as the top of her dress slid down, revealing a few more millimeters of delicious cleavage. "You look like you could probably keep up." "Keep up?" he repeated, arching a brow as he pulled into light nighttime traffic. "You're probably old like Albus, right?" She smirked. "From what I understand, after twenty five it's all downhill for most men." She tilted her head and looked at him. "No offence," she added blandly. Scorpius smirked back. "By that same reasoning, and scientific evidence, I'd be better off taking your mom home with me, then, wouldn't I? Don't most women reach their sexual prime around forty?" The redhead laughed, shook out her long mane of deep crimson waves, put her bobby pins in her little clutch purse and then leaned over the center console, into his personal bubble. Her mouth brushed against his ear as she murmured, "Yeah, but my pussy is probably tighter." She sat back, looking amused, and Scorpius felt a deep stirring of arousal, his cock twitching to life. He reached over and tugged the top of her dress down, almost baring her firm, pert breasts completely, ascertaining she definitely wasn't wearing a bra. "I'm willing to bet her tits aren't quite so perky, either." She cast him a wicked smirk. "They might be, but mine are all real." She reached for the hand on the shifter and put it over one firm, supple breast. "See?" Scorpius grunted softly, his thumb dipping under the black fabric of her dress, dragging across a hard nipple. "You're kind of a slut," he murmured, looking at her as they pulled up to a red light. "You don't seem to mind." "Not in the slightest." A horrible thought suddenly occurred to him. "Unless you're not legal. Then I mind." He pulled his hand back from her as the light changed. She licked those bright red lips deliberately, then reached over and put a hand on his thigh, very close to his half-hard cock. "That's almost sweet," she said, then her hand slid over his prick, which jumped to attention as she stroked ever so gently. "Don't worry, I won't let you go to jail." Her eyes glittered, when he looked back at her, and he flicked a barely concealed nipple that strained against its prison inside her dress. "Make that a naughty slut," he amended in a rumble. "Guilty," she replied, and with one last squeeze, released him. "Good." He waited for another light, then turned left and then right into an underground parking garage for a fancy condo building, parking neatly in his allocated space, right by the elevator. "Now I won't feel a single ounce of guilt for punishing you." They got out of the car and he waved her ahead of himself into the elevator, taking a long, appreciative look at her ass, which looked succulent. He punched the button for the penthouse, the doors closed silently and they began to rise. Unable to resist a moment longer, Scorpius tugged the top of her dress down all the way, revealing her full, delicious, gravity-defying breasts. They were the perfect size and shape for his hands and mouth, topped with delicate rosy nipples that all but begged to be taken between his teeth. Fucking hell . "Do you like what you see?" the redhead asked softly, looking up at him coquettishly from under her lashes as she leaned against the mirrored wall of the elevator. "Yes." He covered her again, trying to resist temptation and fuck her right here in this elevator, even though the large portion of his brain connected directly to his prick all but demanded he strip her naked entirely right now and get busy. She affected a pout. "That's no fun." He merely smirked. They got to the top floor and the elevator dinged, but the doors didn't open until Scorpius key-fobbed his way out. They stepped into a very modern foyer of sorts, with one door leading into his condo, the other to the stairs. He unlocked and opened the door into his condo, and stepped back as though to grant her entry first. She made to precede him in, but he hooked an arm around her waist and pulled her long, lithe form against him from chest to knees. With his other hand, he tugged the top of her dress down again then cupped one naked breast firmly, drawing his thumb back and forth over her nipple until it beaded and her breathing hitched, eyes dilating hungrily. "The question is," he rumbled, "how badly do you want to be punished?" The redhead lifted onto her toes, arching into him, and Scorpius grabbed her tight, round ass with both hands, holding her against him. "Kind of really badly," she breathed, and then kissed him, tongue pushing into his mouth. He allowed her dominance for a brief moment then broke the kiss. "Inside," he rumbled, releasing her, and, as a test of sorts for his own wicked pleasure, as she turned to go in, he spanked her not too hard on the ass. She jumped a little in surprise, but grinned over her shoulder at him. Fuck yes ! Scorpius locked the door behind them, and the redhead turned to face him, eyes on her shoes. "I should tell you," she murmured then met his eyes, "I don't really ever do this. Just go home with strangers, that is. Especially when they're Tweedle-Dum's friends." He arched a brow. "I should hope not. I'm not fond of sloppy seconds." Her lovely eyes narrowed for a beat