Famous written by: albe-chan DISCLAIMER : This is a work of fiction and I do NOT own Harry Potter or any of the characters mentioned, and any similarities with real life is purely coincidental. This work will contain MATURE THEMES, such as coarse language, mature subject matter (scenes containing graphic sex, nudity, etc.), and violence. Please, if you are not over the age of 18, or of majority in your country, DO NOT READ THIS! You have been warned! XXX Lily Potter had always known she was different. Her very first clear memory was of her fourth birthday, where the only other kids had been her older brothers, Albus and James. She remembered asking her mother why she couldn't have a party with other girls, who liked things like ponies and princesses and makeup. Her mother had said next year. When she was thirteen, she started at an all girls boarding school, and even then, she'd been singled out for being the six letter word that made the redhead's normally straight hair curl. She'd been famous . Or rather, famous by association. Because when your father and mother were celebrities, somehow that made you guilty of it by association, just for being born. Lily, even though she had passed her twenty fifth birthday, still didn't like the notion of being famous, but it had been her life as long as she could recall. From interviews with television and magazines, to dodging paparazzi, to walking red carpets even, though she had thoroughly loathed it both times. After graduating from boarding school with honors, and a reputation for being boring, Lily had gone to college, loosened up, and made national headlines the first time she got shitfaced at a college party. She hadn't used caution and that had ended up costing her, and from then on, she'd been stuck with a personal bodyguard who also acted as the worst chaperone ever for dates. Through her college days, it was a tough old guy named Hamish, who ate a lot, rarely spoke, and always called her Miss Potter. Once she'd graduated with her fine arts degree, she'd gotten a slight upgrade to Hal. Hal was thirty six, married with a newborn baby, and liked to eat a lot too. The redhead lived at home still, even though her older brothers teased her for it, but she liked the quiet of her parents' big mansion and freedom to paint. And it was great not having to pay rent or a mortgage. But since Hal had gone on parental leave two weeks ago, she'd been stuck inside, waiting to go out to get much needed supplies for her painting. Not to mention some sanity from her mother's constant invitations to go out to lunch, or get their nails done, or massages or whatever else Ginny Potter could think of. Lily liked her parents, genuinely, and enjoyed still living with them, but Lily wasn't one to lay around being pampered or out shopping all day. She liked to go into Chinatown alone and browse, where she was less likely to be recognized, or just stroll through the park to get some fresh air. Lily liked to take the subway and do things for herself, including take the monthly trek to the art gallery to shed tears over pieces to put up to be sold. That was her least favourite time, but still better than sitting around going stir crazy for a fortnight. Lily was sitting at the dining room table, drinking coffee, reading the morning paper, when her father joined her. Harry Potter, the famous actor, still did movies, as he had as long as Lily could remember, but not nearly as often. Lily was glad her dad was around more now than he'd been when she was younger, but her mother was always claiming he cramped her style, even though they'd been married, happily, for thirty years. "I have good news, Lily," he said, joining her, helping himself to the silver coffee service on the table. "Oh yeah?" she asked, not looking up from the paper. "New movie?" "No. Not yet any rate. I've been looking at excerpts from Lee's latest script and if he finishes the damn thing I'll be very interested. I meant I've found a temporary replacement for Hal." "Cool. I need to go out anyway. Is he here?" "Yeah, let me go get him." Lily glanced up as her father left, rolling her eyes. She'd already snuck out twice to go for supplies, but those had been quick trips. The redhead wanted to go on an actual outing, and leave home for a few hours at least. She was going mad. Hazel eyes flicked up from her morning paper as her father returned with another, very soft, set of footfalls, then widened as she looked at Hal's replacement. Like Hal, this man was fairly tall, and well built, with a strong, well-muscled frame. He had broad shoulders, meaty biceps or triceps or whatever they were, and was dressed all in black. Unlike Hal, this man was blond, tanned, and had dark, stormy grey eyes. And also unlike Hal, he seemed closer to her in age and Lily felt a sharp, unmistakeable surge of primal lust for this man. "This is Scorpius," Harry Potter said, and Lily blinked, looking down to gather herself. He is so off limits it's not even funny. And on a scale of one to ten for hotness, he's a twelve, and you're an eight, maybe nine with the right outfit, hair and makeup. Out of your league and off limits , she told herself sternly. "Hi," she said tersely, looking back up. "Nice to meet you." "Likewise," he said easily, and Lily forced a smile. "I want to go to Chinatown today," she said conversationally. "Do you eat Chinese food? The real kind?" Scorpius, the blond, tanned sex god, smiled a little. "Yes. But I prefer Thai food." Lily smirked, glad the guy wasn't a total stiff like the guys who watched her father's back, and finished her coffee. "Hmm, Thai isn't my thing. I could compromise with sushi," she said. Scorpius shrugged. "Sure. If it's food, I eat it, for the most part." The redhead got up and headed toward the stairs for her purse and a hoodie to go over her jeans and tee to ward off the early April chill. "That's good. Meet me in the garage." Lily got there ten minutes later and they headed out, with her driving herself in her own vintage Volkswagen Beetle. "So, you're the new muscle," she said to break the slightly awkward silence. "Yes." The redhead pulled up to a red and glanced over at him. "You don't look very old." "I'm old enough," he said simply. "So, anything else to add?" she asked, hoping this guy wouldn't disappoint in the personality department. Hamish had been a complete stick in the mud, and even though Hal had been an improvement, Lily was hoping the personality deficit wasn't a prerequisite for working for her father. Because even Hal had been kind of dull, although he was sweet. "No." Lily shrugged. "Unless I'm allowed to mention how outrageously obvious it is you aren't wearing a bra." The redhead glared. "Just saying." "Well, now that we have that delightful observation out of the way," Lily said, tugging her sweatshirt together over her boobs, "I suppose I should brief you on the rules." Scorpius pursed his mouth ever so slightly, but nodded. "Very well." Lily held up a finger. "Rule one. I go where I like. You follow, but if you try to stop me, I'll make you wish you hadn't." One corner of the blond's mouth twitched. "Rule two," she said, holding up her second finger. "I'm sure my dad told you not to let anyone take my picture, right?" Scorpius nodded. "Yeah, forget that. Someone wants to eat by selling my photo, I can handle that." A blond brow arched slowly. "You're aware-?" "Yes. I know, soulless nutters who get their jollies seeing people in compromising situations and making a quick buck. Why even bother pretending to be nice, right?" Lily pulled up to another light and looked at the massive, well-built blond in her passenger seat. He seemed patently too big for her car and she was suddenly very aware of his proximity and the faint, tantalizing smell of him. Focus . "Well it's been my experience they get rabid when you don't feed them. So I let the paparazzi get their jollies and photos for their rags and continue on my way. And there's even a few who aren't so bad." Scorpius looked politely disbelieving and she shrugged and shifted gears roughly. "So, if you're going to try and run interference, best of luck, but they'll make you look like an imbecile." "Very well," he said blandly. Lily set her jaw. "And rule three. This is the one you lot always don't like, so listen carefully, because there's going to be zero negotiation." Dark grey eyes slanted over and Lily frowned at the amused tilt to the blond man's full mouth. "I'm not famous. I'm just a regular person. I act like a normal person. Sure, people might know who I am, or rather, who I'm related to, but that's not me. So when I'm out and I find a nice young single man, I'm going to try to hook up with him." Blond brows lifted ever so slightly. "That's funny, you don't have a reputation for being a slut. But very well." Hazel eyes widened. "Excuse me?" Lily snarled. "I am not a slut." "I know, I just said you don't have a reputation for being one." He smirked a tiny bit when she glanced over at her. "I did my homework." The redhead rolled her eyes. Also unlike Hal, she wasn't sure she liked this guy. She parked on the street, fed the meter a handful of coins, and the tall, blond shadow her father had assigned followed her into the Chinese marketplace. Lily kept her sunglasses on, even though there were the occasional group of clouds blocking the sun. She moved, first and foremost, to the little florist she liked best, tucked between a kitschy knick-knack shop and laundry service down a crooked little side street. A glance over her shoulder found Scorpius a pace behind, his dark grey eyes roving through the milling crowds, face neutral. Lily rolled her eyes. She'd tried to tell her father at least a hundred times that she not only didn't need personal security, but nothing dangerous or serious had ever happened since she'd gotten her own personal bodyguard. And she doubted it would. But Harry Potter was stubborn and too paranoid to listen to reason from her, and she was too guilt-laden and dutiful to simply ditch the muscle, so Lily tried to ignore the presence behind her. At the florist's she picked out some very pretty Oriental hybrid lilies to paint and gossiped with the proprietor's wife. "You have new man?" she asked in a whisper, her dark eyes flicking pointedly to Scorpius as Mr. Chin wrapped up her flowers. "Unfortunately." She glanced over at Scorpius herself and smirked. "And before you ask, I don't know if he's single, Mrs. Chin. How many of your daughters are still unmarried?" "Only two. Ling and Mei," she said, grinning. "He make nice money?" The redhead giggled. "Let's hope so, his job sucks." She accepted her flowers from Mr. Chin. "I'll come back next week with more details. I think Mei would like him, don't you?" "She like, but he no good for her," Mr. Chin said gruffly. Lily laughed, winked at Mrs. Chin and went back out onto the street. Scorpius followed her silently. Lily pretended he didn't exist and moved on to her next stop. Scorpius Malfoy told himself firmly not to look at her ass. It didn't work. She's the job. No sense getting worked up