`Solas na gealai fuar Cold light of the moon Author's note: This is my version of New Moon with my version of Bella from my Fairie fire story. She pushed her way through the undergrowth and into what looked like their meadow. She heard a giggle and started walking towards it. Sitting in the grass with his back to her was Edward. He was leaning down and talking to someone laying in the grass. I frowned and an irrational part of me felt a bit jealous. Who was Edward in our meadow with, other than me? I moved closer to the happy couple with the intent to find out. As I got closer the woman flung her arms around Edward's neck and he laughed allowing her to draw him into a kiss. I stopped in shock when I spotted the bracelet adorning her wrist. A bracelet that looked identical to mine. I lifted my arm to compare them for a second, before I got a good look at the hand it was attached to. It was withered and wrinkled just like an old woman's. I swallowed a lump of fear and moved forward, I now had to see who was on the other end of that wrist. Edward was oblivious to my presence so I was able to stand right next to them and look down. What I saw took the breath from my lungs and left a cold lump of fear in my stomach. It was me, Edward was cuddling with an older version of me. He was acting as if nothing had changed in our relationship and even called me spider monkey when he lifted me onto his back. I stared in shock because I looked about eighty with white hair and withered limbs. Edward still looked like a teenager but he was treating the older me as if we were still dating. I stared in shock as he took off at a run, then I woke up screaming. I was breathing heavily, and clutching my blankets in a death grip that made my knuckles white. On reflex I checked my wrist for wrinkles and age spots then sighed in relief when I found none. Something hit my window and because I was still hyped from the dream I jumped and let out a short scream. I turned towards it and found a concerned looking Edward sitting in my tree. I dropped the wards on my window, so he could enter my room and he smoothly jumped through my window. He glanced me over and I knew he was going to ask about the flushed skin and heavy breathing so I beat him to it. "Nightmare, what are you doing here?" I said He broke into that lopsided grin, which usually meant he was going to try and talk me into something I most likely would never agree to, unless he dazzled me. Something that I was steadily learning how to resist thanks to my father Monticello. He was staring at me trying to gauge my reaction, which I knew he found frustrating, because he couldn't just read my mind like he could anyone else. I found it absurdly gratifying that I could stymie him like that. "I need an excuse to see my girlfriend on her birthday?" said Edward I groaned, I had hoped he had forgotten the date. I certainly wished that I could. I pulled my legs out from under my blankets. "I don't celebrate my birthday" I said He snorted "Still going to wish you a happy birthday" said Edward He bent down to kiss me. I snorted and avoided the move "I don't see why not, your birthday is definitely something to celebrate" said Edward It was a sweet sentiment but I was far from feeling sentimental about this day. That dream had helped remind me of another inescapable fact about my birthday, the fact that I am getting older, while Edward would forever remain the same. The image of an older me flashed through my mind and I shuddered. "But my aging is not" I said He frowned at my response. He opened his mouth to spout all of the usual nonsense about loving me no matter what and age being only a number, so I cut him off by climbing out of bed. He was instantly out the window, the only proof of his presence was the slight shift of the curtains in the breeze. One thing I could always count on with Edward, nineteenth century ideals or as Emmett put it prude like behavior. I closed the window reinstated my wards and walked to my dresser. Pulled out some undergarments and laid them on the bed. I had already slept past the point when I could squeeze a shower in so I opted to simply get dressed. I opened my closet and looked over my clothes. Since Alice came into my life, my clothing had gotten steadily brighter in coloring than I was used to. I think she was trying to match my colors to Edward's preferred palette. Something I noticed she did with the other Cullen's, with the exception of Carlisle, who seemed to be the only one with a more personal style. I did however agree with her about the ugly nerd sweaters and was even willing to help her pilfer and dispose of the more horrifying ones in Carlisle's wardrobe. Just say no to the sweater vest was a campaign I could definitely get behind. I preferred dark colors as a rule, but would occasionally choose something cheerful if the mood struck me. Alice thought it funny that I dressed closer to the more stereotypical vampire look than her. Today the mood was morose so I opted for black on black. I pulled out a long sleeved hoody with a sugar skull emblazoned on the front and my black skinny jeans. I pulled them on and grabbed my biker boots, tugged them on and grabbed my purse. I headed downstairs grabbed a travel mug filled it with my morning savior, coffee. Added cream and sugar and a grabbed a pop tart, then headed for my truck. Charlie was reading the morning paper and sitting at the kitchen table which was unusual because he normally left before I did. I kissed him on the cheek, as I passed him to get my book bag. "Wow senior year, how'd you get so old so fast?" said Charlie I snorted at him certain he was teasing. "I didn't, I'm not that old, yet" I said He gave me an appraising look "Well I don't know, pretty soon you'll be using a senior discount, is that a grey hair?" said Charlie I froze he was kidding right? Nope he looked serious. I rushed to the hallway mirror "No, no way" I exclaimed, as I searched my head. Until I heard Charlie's laughter from the doorway. I turned to glare at him that was just cruel Charlie. I can't believe I fell for that "Happy birthday" said Charlie "Ooh, that was low old man, very funny har har" I said, in return. He was still laughing as I glared at him. I didn't care if today was my birthday or if Edward thought it was some sort of cause to celebrate. I did not feel the same way. "Here, I got you a present, I know you said not to, but I saw it and couldn't resist" said Charlie I groaned but accepted the small package and opened it. Inside was a beautiful scarf with tiny metallic moons covering it, wrapped inside of it was a small tube that looked like lipstick. I raised my eyebrow at him in confusion. Charlie knew nothing of make-up, so I hoped he didn't just give me some hideous shade of red that I would never wear. "It's a lipstick Taser, thought it might come in handy if that Cullen kid gets any ideas" said Charlie I chuckled, a Taser wasn't likely to stop him but the sentiment was nice. Charlie knew I could blow stuff up but I could understand him wanting to keep that ability hushed up. I trusted Edward to a point but it was obvious Charlie did not feel the same way. I smirked and tucked it into the inside pocket of my jacket. "Thanks dad" I said and kissed him on the cheek. I flung my bag over my shoulder grabbed my half eaten pop tart and travel mug and headed for the door, giving my dad a wave goodbye as I walked out the door. Ever since I was little my birthdays had always been a disaster one that often ended in bloodshed, thanks to Monticello. I truly didn't want to be reminded of that fact. I climbed into my cab and started my engine, secretly glad Edward wasn't there to give me a ride to school. I liked my truck, despite the fact it didn't go very fast, and was made mostly out of cold iron. It was still mine, and I felt oddly secure in its cab. I drove down the street and parked in the school parking lot. Edward and his siblings were nowhere to be seen yet, so I walked toward the front stairs until I spotted a familiar bike. I froze and looked around for him, frowning when I couldn't immediately see him. "You're skills are slipping, I could have killed you three times already" said Monticello The voice came from behind me so I turned towards it, realized at the last minute that he must be projecting and turned in the opposite direction. The air by the tree shimmered and suddenly he was leaning against it where he hadn't been there before. I nodded in his direction. We had not progressed to the familiar stage as of yet, so I opted to address him the same as I always had. "Monticello" I said He smirked at me because he had caught me off guard and I knew that. It was a point in his favor that I was unhappy about him getting. "What are you doing here?" I said He chuckled darkly and I knew I had given him another point simply by asking that question. He sauntered over to me and laid a hand on my shoulder. "I simply wanted to wish you a happy birthday, don't worry I have forgone the party favors this time" said Monticello I narrowed my eyes at him and he chuckled. "You took precautions I hope" said Monticello "yeah" I said My voice indicating how I felt about that. "It is for the best" said Monticello I knew he was right. I hoped I could somehow avoid what the seer had shown me, by simply avoiding the party, but I doubted it would be that easy. "I know" I said He nodded towards the parking lot and I glanced slightly in that direction in time to see Edward pull into the lot. He glared at Monticello and quickly parked his car. "Good luck" said Monticello Then in a rare show of affection he kissed my cheek then vanished. Edward was by my side an instant too late. "What did he want?" said Edward He sounded angry so I turned to him and appraised him for a second. "Merely to wish me a happy birthday" I said Edward snorted. "I thought birthday well-wishing was strictly off limits" said Edward He sounded slightly miffed, so I simply shook my head in exasperation. "It still is" I said and started up the stairs. A squealing Alice barred my path. "Ooh! You're going to look so good in it, see you at seven it will give you time to change" said Alice She looked my current ensemble up and down and rolled her eyes. I opened my mouth to say I wasn't going, when I felt a wave of calm right before Edward kissed me. I bit my bottom lip when