"Do you work at Ollivander's? Because I've got twelve inches of wood for you to polish." I hate nightclubs. Without stopping, I planted a hand against his shoulder and forcibly removed him from my vicinity. His drunken ass stumbled back a few steps and was absorbed by the crowd. For three reasons. "Hey, gorgeous! You look like you need some Skele-Gro. You're missing my bone in your body." My hand may have accidentally slipped as I passed, and I may have accidentally relocated the contents of his glass all over his face. I lost sight of him as he furiously tried to scrub the alcohol from his eyeballs. That would be reason number one: the patrons. More specifically, the quality and concentration of said patrons. On one hand, you have the bar area, where recent Hogwarts grads and creepy over-the-hill Ministry powerbrokers are brought together by the prospect of alcohol and temporary companionship. On the other, you have the dance floors, roiling pits of humanity, all wandering hands and grinding hips. Personal space was nonexistent. People flitted in and out of my comfort zone, leering at everything from my neck down. Which brings me to reason number two: required attire. All feminine garments must a) be backless, b) feature a plunging neckline, c) bare the midriff, or d) have an annoyingly short hemline. I'd gone with e) all of the above, AKA guaranteed admission. Even plastered with a roll of double-sided tape, I was a wardrobe malfunction waiting to happen. Not my preferred way to draw attention. Call me old fashioned, but I like it when people talk to my face, which is hard enough as it is. But my apparent lack of modesty had gotten me past the bouncer, through the doors, and straight to reason number three: the mandatory wand check. It seemed a little excessive, stripping away my best friend at the entrance. "For the patron's protection," was the official statement I got. "When the alcohol starts to flow, those Unforgivable Curses…. yeah." A brilliant candidate passed on the left, the one who deviated from his route to "accidentally" brush against my bare shoulder. He could do with a little dying. And the idiot following me, the one whose eyes were glued to my ass. He could do with a little suffering. And that group of… Okay, so they do have a valid point. Still, parting with one of my wands, even temporarily, was a little heartbreaking. Anyhow, the important thing was that I had managed to gain access to the most popular club this side of the Thames: the Crucifix Lounge. And I certainly wasn't wasting this opportunity. Nursing a club soda within sight of the basement access stairwell, I was hoping to meet a certain Lounge regular, Mr. Kenneth Darby. Wealthy. Handsome. Respectable standing in the magical community. Enjoys wizard chess, Quidditch, and the occasional mass incarceration of Muggle-borns. You know, someone with a smidge of that bad boy charm. The earpiece lurking beneath my long auburn hair crackled to life. Justin's voice flowed out of the speaker. "Spotted him." Nova chimed in a couple minutes later. "Got him. In your proximity, Alex," she told me. "Two o'clock. Dance floor, next to the gogo dancer. He's all yours." A quick glance in that general direction confirmed her statement. "Lucky me," I sighed, just loud enough for the microphone embedded in my choker to transmit. I took a couple of deep breaths. The sooner I do this, the sooner it'll be over. The sooner I do this, the sooner it'll be over. And I dove into the tangled mess of flapping hemlines and sweating faces, doing my best to imitate the dancers around me. Come on, please please please look this way. Nova came back online. "Relax! You're young, you're sexy, you're here to have fun. There you go, move with the crowd – Alex! He didn't mean to touch your – stop that! Just move along, move a –" "Shut up, shut up," I growled, nursing my bruised knuckles. "Touchy, touchy. Remember, eye contact! And smile like you mean it! All right, he's looking…" There. Our eyes met. I unleashed my best come-hither smile and a small part inside me died. You know, that part labeled "principles." But Darby's eyes ceased wandering and locked onto mine. He swept into a little bow when he reached me, somehow avoiding contact with the dancers around us. I extended an arm, wrist bent delicately, allowing his lips to brush my fingers, letting his hand snake around my waist. Draping my arms around his neck, I leaned in, breathing a sensual whisper in his ear. " Imperio. " The Floating Point wand, surgically implanted in my right arm parallel to the radius and ulna, conveyed the Imperius Curse from my palm to his left shoulder. He stiffened – DANCE - and started shaking his moneymaker like a drunken prom date. "Hooked him," I whispered, pulling Darby close, inconspicuously rummaging through his pockets. "Jackpot." I could hear Nova's brilliant smile through the comm. "Nice. See you outside." To keep up appearances, Darby and I held hands all the way out of the club, stopping only to pick up our confiscated wands. Then we waded through the hordes waiting outside, queuing for their turn in the little club of horrors. Nova caught up with us as we emerged from the impatient crowd, oblivious to the dozen or so men eyeing her with intense interest. "Wow, he really is pretty," she noted, brushing a handful of blonde hair out of her face and giving Darby the ol' up and down with her baby blues. "Shame what we have to do to him." I shrugged. "No big loss. Justin, we're out," I directed that last bit at my choker. A set of headlights blazed to life across the street, turning towards the club. From the shadows emerged a magenta minivan, a suburban monster designed to transport a large suburban family and their weekly suburban grocery haul. "Clothes!" I demanded as Justin pulled up to the curb. Robes emerged from the driver's window, dropping into my arms. I draped the cloth over what little I was wearing, and my uneasiness evaporated. It was good to be properly covered again. "Thanks." Nova was slightly more mission-oriented. "Where's the cooler?" she asked, hauling the van's armored sliding door open. The small entrance gave way to a studio-sized room that functioned as both an armory and an emergency room. The whole shebang was lined with armor plating and slapped onto a flight-capable engine. Arthur had outdone himself this time. "Here." Justin fished a near empty vial out of the styrofoam box beside him and tossed it at Nova. Sit . Darby sank into a chair, one of those stainless steel things designed to survive a nuclear blast and keep on truckin'. I broke out the handcuffs and strapped him in. Just in case. Nova extracted the vial's remaining liquid with an eyedropper. "Remind me to make more," she sighed. Open up. Darby obliged, allowing Nova to empty the eyedropper down his throat. I let the Imperius Curse dissipate as the Veritaserum hit Darby's digestive tract. Then it was Nova's turn to work. Control questions first. "What is your full name?" she asked. "Kenneth Jason Samuel Charles Darby." "What's your place of residence?" "1138 Fallen Leaf Lane." "What is your daughter's name?" "Agatha." Check, check, and check. Time to move on to mission critical topics. "Where is the master list of Muggle-borns and Undesirables located?" "In the Senior Under-Secretary's office at the Ministry of Magic, in the file cabinets against the back wall." "Are there any other copies of the list?" "No. The Under-Secretary likes to personally handle these cases." "Who maintains the list?" "The Registration Enforcement team. James Twombles, Tyler Crumper, Judy Harris, and myself." "Is there any way to arrange a team meeting?" "Yes. We have a weekly meeting Monday mornings at the Ministry." Four days from now. Not fast enough. Nova's thoughts aligned with mine. "Anything faster?" "Not within standard protocols." "Non-standard protocols, then? Specifics, please." "If someone… embarrassing to the Ministry is detained, an emergency meeting at a randomly selected public location is called to determine potential courses of action." "What qualifies as embarrassing?" "Direct relatives of essential Ministry officials." I looked at Nova and raised an eyebrow. "You down?" Her cheerleader smile nearly blinded me and placed a hand on Darby's shoulder. "Of course! I'll dress him up!" She tapped her chin with lavender nails. "Now, where can we do this… you know what? I know just the place." It was obscenely late by the time everyone was situated according to plan. Darby was once again under my Imperius Curse, suspiciously bulky under his robe. He paced slowly around an "unconscious" Nova, waiting patiently for his colleagues to arrive at the derelict railway station. Three faint pops. I swept the area through my telescopic sight and found three new players approaching from the west. I dropped my crosshairs on the left figure's sternum. The flying carpet bobbed slightly under me, and I shifted to compensate for the movement. The barrel-mounted laser rangefinder on my CheyTac Intervention noted this shift and recalculated the distance (521.2 meters) between the barrel and my victim's chest. The sensors read in data, including humidity and air pressure, which was fed to the ballistic software on my mil-spec PDA. There, numbers were crunched and I adjusted the Intervention's crosshairs accordingly. "The rest of his team is here. You guys ready?" I transmitted. "In position," Justin reported in. "Mmmhmm," Nova responded without twitching a muscle. The three wizards cautiously approached the meeting site. The woman called out to Darby, her voice captured and amplified by my directional mic. "Flash." I had Darby give the correct countersign. "Thunder." Darby's colleagues relaxed visibly at the correct countersign. Pleasantries were exchanged and they gathered around Nova, getting their first good look at her. Shocked recognition spread from face to face. Nova's eyes snapped open. "Fire in the hole," she deadpanned before sticking out her tongue, flipping them the bird, and Disapparating from the station. Beneath Darby's robes, the receiver sewn into his vest intercepted the electromagnetic signal from Nova's remote trigger, activating the electrical detonator. The C-4 payload, distributed among several pockets, expanded in a cloud of fire and compressed air; the shockwave ripped open the plastic bags packed around the explosives, sprinkling the air with twenty kilos of ball bearings. Welcome to Anti-Wizard Combat 101. Lesson number one: whenever possible, engage wizards via proxies to minimize risk. Friends, colleagues, and family relations work especially well. I kept an eye on the aftermath. Darby I'm pretty sure was dead, judging by the pieces scattered about. One of the others, the one with half a skull, was probably also dead. The last two were sprawled haphazardly on the concrete, alive and breathing. Kind of. There were a few leaks. Justin teleported into my crosshairs, a suppressed H&K USP nestled in his right hand, to present a .45 caliber solution to the survivor issue. The wounded male received a double tap to the brainpan. Lesson number two: no quarter. Kill any and all wounded combatants; wizards have a nasty habit of healing themselves and/or others. When Justin moved to execute the female survivor, my directional mic picked up her final words. "Blood traitor," she spat and broke the Taboo. "Voldemort." The curse attached to that name immediately broadcasted her location to all hostile personnel operating in the greater London area, turning the railway station into ground zero for the local bathrobe brigade. As the Snatchers began teleporting in around him, Justin calmly carried out the execution and, with a lazy flick of his Floating Point, uttered a single word. " Redanimatus ." A sickly glow enveloped Justin's hand. Tendrils of grey erupted from his fingertips, intangible wires that snaked out and latched onto the corpses in his immediate vicinity. It was disgusting. Don't get me