Still not J. K. Rowling, I really wish I was, but I'm not at her level. Constructive criticism is welcomed as always, so please enjoy! Chapter 1: A snake and a lioness Tom Marvolo Riddle, or Lord Voldemort as he's better known as, sneered as he looked around the pure white room he found himself in. There was only one other occupant, a woman with hair so red she could've been confused for a Weasley. The woman's bored blue eyes closed when she brought a cup of green tea, how she got it Voldemort had no idea, to her lips and took a long drink. This woman, unknown to Voldemort, was unfortunate enough to have died from sickness. She was honestly more confused than Voldemort, but she wouldn't let it show. "Do sit down Mr. Riddle, you're making a spectacle out of yourself." A cool male voice said. The woman and Voldemort looked towards the owner in unison. He hadn't been there beforehand, neither had the desk that he was sitting behind. Voldemort sneered once again and took a seat, his mind coming up with ways to kill the man for such an embarrassment. The great Lord Voldemort sitting next to a muggle woman of all things, what a disgrace. "Where did you even come from?" The woman calmly asked as she crossed her legs, Voldemort dully noted that she crossed them like a man, "It would appear that you sprouted out of thin air." The woman was testing the man, that he knew. The man's onyx eyes met the woman's blue eyes and the calculation in them almost caused a shiver to go down his spine. He's seen those types of eyes before, Morgan Le Fay herself had them. "I wanted to exist, but now I believe we are here to talk about you two." The man dodged the woman frowned slightly before schooling her expression into one of calmness. Voldemort had joined her in calculating the man before them, not that he knew it, and felt his annoyance beginning to show on his face. What right did he have to talk to him, Lord Voldemort. "Do tell." The woman calmly said as she took another sip of her green tea. "Morgan O'Brien, you died at the age of twenty-four from cancer of the lungs, you are a rather intelligent girl, yet when you took a test called Pottermore you were sorted into a house of courage. That courage is why you are still here at this moment." The man hissed out. Blue eyes sharpened and the man knew he had her attention. That could be a dangerous thing to have, "Tom Marvolo Riddle, you died at the age of seventy-one. You are charged with the crime of creating, not just one, but seven Horcruxes. Your punishment is to relive life alongside my master and make sure that he can defeat you a second time." Voldemort hissed at that, but then remembered that he didn't have his magic. He settled for seething at the man. "Lovely, but why am I here exactly?" Morgan asked. The man gave a smirk at that. "You are to make sure that he stays on the right path, and you are to help him with his emotions." The man stated. Morgan narrowed her eyes at that. Tom joined her in the act. "What do you mean 'help him with his emotions' are you telling me that he actually doesn't have emotions?" Morgan asked. The man closed his eyes as he quickly thought up an answer. "He has emotions, just not love or happiness. A second chance, even if it doesn't seem like one, will allow him to feel and participate in things he hadn't before." The man responded. Morgan gave a curt nod that showed she understood, "Now, get going you two. Go find my master and help him. Listen to your instincts and grow your magic before Hogwarts." Before the two could complain their visions turned black and pain erupted through them as they physically shrunk. The two felt their bodies hit something hard, and wet. The smell told Morgan that what they had hit was concrete. She blindly rubbed a hand against it. Yes, it was definitely concrete. Tom grumbled as he attempted to untangle their limbs, his somewhat smaller than Morgan's. She had an easier time and quickly staggered to her feet. "At least we have clothes on." Morgan said on a light tone. Voldemort, or Tom as he now had to go by, sent her a sneer. She was wearing a simple white dress shirt with a red cardigan, black jeans that hugged her legs laid neatly on the top of shiny black dress shoes. Tom wore similar clothes, except his cardigan was a deep green, "You know this world better than I, so what do we do?" "We find Potter you stupid girl." Tom sneered. A strange feeling began to burn in his gut, but he pushed it down. Morgan's eyes barely betrayed her hurt and she simply sighed before giving Tom a sly smirk. "Lead the way all mighty Dark Lord." Morgan said as she held her arms out and motioned for him to lead. Tom gave a sniff and did just that. He led Morgan, who turned out to be a witch when she noticed the Leaky Cauldron, all the way to Privet Drive. A young boy, around their physical age of ten, knelt in a rather nice garden in front of a cookie cutter house. Tom hissed slightly and Morgan rolled her eyes before peaking over the white picket fence. Scaring said boy when he looked up. "Idiot." Tom grumbled as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you. My friend and I were walking around and noticed that you were outside. My names Morgan, Morgan O'Brien." Morgan said with a small smile. Somewhere in Scotland a large book began to glow and it jumped open. A bright red quill floated through the air before writing down a name, Morgan's name. "I'm Thomas , Thomas Smith." Tom said as he made up a name on the fly. He may have hated his first name with a burning passion, but it was common and unassuming. Something he would need when facing Dumbledore. Tom's name was added to the book before it stopped glowing and the quill gently landed next to it on its podium. The only witness to the sudden show of magic was a portrait of an old man with sparkling blue eyes and a magnificent beard that caused many curses to be made from it. "I call him Tom." Morgan said with a small wink towards the boy. The boy brightened up and Morgan quietly thanked the nurses at the hospital she had been in for teaching her how to talk to children. It wasn't her fault that she was terrible at talking to people. Tom sent her a glare and Morgan ignored it. "I'm Harry, Harry Potter." Harry said with a very small smile. Harry was slightly worried that his cousin might've made the two talk to him, just to get him to show weakness. Morgan kept a small smile on her face as Tom's eyes darkened, the red color eerily resembling blood, he had read what went through Harry's mind. How dare he think that he, Lord Voldemort, would answer to that fat whale of a muggle. "Well, Harry, we'll have to see you around. I think our Mum's are calling us. Hopefully we'll see you soon." Morgan said with a grin as she linked her arm with Tom's, annoying said boy. Harry gave a nod as the two quickly left Privet Drive, "Take us somewhere safe." Tom complied and took Morgan and himself to the house that belonged to his mothers side of the family. Harry never saw them leave, but he did hear an odd cracking sound that sounded like it could've come from a car. Harry never noticed the crazy cat lady, Arabella Figg, move away from her curtains and rush towards the fire place. "I will be back." Tom stated. He hated the fact that he had to talk to the mud-blood. Morgan looked at him with slightly sad eyes before turning towards her surroundings. They were filthy and caused her to give an involuntary cough, she always did have a weak immune system. Morgan removed her cardigan and rolled up her sleeves as she began to plan a way to clean up the Riddle mansion, or was it a house? She couldn't remember her memory of the fourth Harry Potter book was a little hazy. "I guess I better find…he's an idiot." Morgan quietly said before realizing something. Tom came back and felt cold when her sharp eyes turned to him, "When Harry is fourteen your past self will return here, why did you bring us here?" Tom's red eyes narrowed dangerously. "For your information, you stupid girl, this is not my filthy fathers house. This is one that once belonged to my mothers side of the family, it's been abandoned for years. I never thought to come back to it." Tom hissed at Morgan, his voice cold and sharp. Morgan pinched the bridge of her nose before sighing. "Sorry, I was wrong." Morgan said, Tom felt some surprise at that before burying it deep, "Do you any idea where the cleaning supplies might be?" Morgan let out a sneeze that moved a flurry of dust around her. Tom pointed to a cupboard in the staircase and took a seat on a dusty couch. Morgan felt her eyebrow twitch when she realized he wasn't even going to help. She wrenched the cupboard open and pulled out a broom, dusting rag, furniture polish, and a very small wand. "That's a cleaning wand," Tom drawled, "Just swish and flick, its charmed to only do cleaning spells. It doesn't have a trace on it so it's safe to use." Morgan did just that at the couch he was on. The dusty couch was instantly cleaned and it's true color was shown, oddly enough it was a pleasant cream instead of the dark emerald Tom and her had been expecting. Morgan decided that it most likely came from the previous owner. Morgan gave a quiet chuckle at Tom's unamused expression. "I was making sure it still worked. Good news is it does." Morgan said with a cheeky grin, she couldn't help but act this way. It was the best she had felt in years. She felt like singing Queens ' Don't Stop Me Now ' at the top of her lungs. "Obviously." Tom bit out as Morgan began her cleaning of the first floor, using the wand the entire time. She was done in seconds. Morgan came back with her blue eye sparkling slightly as she put the cleaning wand back in the cupboard. Morgan then laid down on the floor, Tom didn't even bat an eye at it. He might've been getting use to her strangeness, Morgan figured she'd have to step up her game. "I call dibs on the room with the view of the lake and garden." Morgan piped up. Tom gave a grunt as an response, "At least it's only musty smelling instead of dusty." She was attempting to make some kind of bond with the now Ex-Dark Lord. Morgan felt as though it was a lost cause at the moment and got up off the floor, "I'll be in the garden if you need me." With that she left and went to go see what plants they still had. "Unlikely." Tom hissed after he heard the door close. What help could a mud-blood be to him? He gave a disgusted shudder as he thought about the obvious option. Tom shook his head, his shaggy black hair following his movements, and got up from the cream colored couch. He wanted to see the room that Morgan had laid claim to. When he