Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, Hogwarts or any of the characters featured in this story, they belong to the rightful owners JK Rowling and Warner Bros. This work is merely a piece of fiction based on their work. Why am I bothering to put this even though it's obvious? Gives the illusion of professionalism, like I'm not a failed actor who works in a café and writes fanfiction about preteen wizards. The versions of Daphne and Benedict Greengrass and Tracey Davis used in this story however are my property and may not be used without my permission (outside from the "Ice Queen" title, which to my knowledge is a shared fandom creation.) The story so far: This story begins approximately half way through Harry's fifth year at Hogwarts, albeit with some slight changes in continuity. He and Ginny have begun dating a year earlier , something which you will see explained in the context of the story. Besides that, everything predating this chapter is identical to what's seen in the movies. And now, presenting… *** Living Dangerously *** Daphne Greengrass was not happy. Over the course of her day, things had been getting progressively worse and now she at her breaking point. She'd overslept this morning, been late to Charms and received a mark down for it, then hit her head on a low-hanging torch on the way to the dungeons, and was now being given detention by her own head of house. Okay so... her problems weren't the absolutely worst, but… it had been a long day, okay? She had been paired with Gryffindor's Golden Boy, The Boy Who Lived, Mr-Absolute-Perfect-Himself, Harry Potter, in today's Potion's lesson. Which fair enough, she could handle. She didn't particularly like him, but outside from his messiah complex, he'd never done anything to her personally to make her dislike him. Unlike the lesser wizards and witches in her house, she refused to be part of the silly rivalry Slytherin and Gryffindor shared. She was an adult, and found the whole thing to be beyond childish. But saying all this, any suspicions of dislike she did have about him now were confirmed. "Greengrass, I won't hear another word of it! You'll both serve after school detentions with me for the rest of the week!" Professor Snape snapped. Her priority now was remaining calm. She had a reputation among the professors as one of the schools best students, scornfully second only to Hermione Granger. She never got into trouble during lessons, and she refused to dig herself deeper into the hole she was already in. Like she said, she was an adult. She wasn't about to cause a second incident over something petty. Although Daphne Greengrass was her birth name, she was known to a lot of the schools population by a different name: the Ice Queen. She was known for being famously cold and antisocial to her fellow classmates, and truth be told, it wasn't a nickname she terribly minded. It kept those that she didn't care for away, and let's face it, it sounded pretty cool. Daphne never intended for her attitude to come across the way it did, she just knew the importance of putting her education before her personal life. Something which the other students were clearly lacking, hence the previously mentioned house rivalry. ' Friends are just distractions! ' she'd once heard Pansy Parkinson once said while doing an (admittedly, quite good) impression of her, and she wasn't entirely wrong. Daphne wasn't on bad terms with any of her classmates, but she thought of them more than acquaintances than her friends. Her friendship circle was in fact, extremely limited, including only her younger sister Astoria, and her closest friend and half-sister, Tracey Davis. "Yes, Professor. Sorry , Professor," she mumbled scornfully. She'd go to these detentions and get them over with. But she would make it very clear she was attending them under protest. Now the room had emptied and she and Potter stood alone before their Potions Master. When their potion had gone up in flames it had exploded, releasing thick fumes into the air, which had lingered. The air was thick, causing sweat to drip from her brow and several other places. That was another thing that contributed to her giving up her argument, she was absolutely boiling and really couldn't afford the added stress. "Sir, not to sound bad or anything, but why exactly am I here?" A voice said beside her. The utter nerve of him. "As I have already said," Snape was growing impatient. "You and Miss Greengrass failed to complete your potion, and succeeded in sending Zacharias Smith to the Hospital Wing. Ten points from Gryffindor for speaking out of turn." It was clear Potter didn't mind escalating this into something more, which further annoyed Daphne. But then again, it was him that made the error in their ingredients, so it'd make sense that he'd feel the need to drag this out. Probably to avoid the blame being place on him. Harry groaned aloud. Not only had he been wrongly accused of exploding his potion, now he was facing an hour's detention to remix it. And with Daphne Greengrass none the less? Granted he'd never formally spoken to her, but Harry had yet to meet a Slytherin he didn't despise, and a nickname like hers didn't just happen by accident. Harry remembered back when he'd been given his first detention by Snape, during first year. He'd been utterly mortified. Since then he'd lost count of how many hours he'd spent sat in this man's classroom, and even Hermione had stopped getting surprised by it now. As their class had filed out of the room, she acted no differently to any of the other times he'd received detention, and just watched with a look that said 'see you in the common room'. Ron on the other hand, could almost have been described as proud. He and the Weasley twins seemed to have a competition between them over who could get into the most trouble with Snape. A competition Harry wasn't aware he had entered, or that he was apparently in the lead. He looked down at his analogue watch. 4:00 pm. It wasn't that bad... if Snape kept his word and let him go in an hour, he'd still have time to do stuff before curfew. He could fit in an hour of Quidditch, or go somewhere with Ron and Hermione. He and Ginny hadn't gotten to spend a lot of time together recently, maybe they could do something? Frankly at this point, he'd rather settle for tea with Aragog rather than sit through this detention. He looked over at Greengrass, and like any normal bloke, briefly examined her bumps and curves. Just because she was a Slytherin didn't mean she couldn't be attractive. And blimey, calling her attractive would be an insult. She, like the other girls, wore the basic Hogwarts uniform, but with slight... changes. Her skirt was higher than the other girl's by a few inches, revealing long knee length green and sliver socks. Her tie had been removed and the top buttons un-done from her shirt, giving a glimpses at a cleavage you could ski down. Her blonde hair had frizzed out from the heat and now trailed down her back, disregarding the usual rules that long hair was to be put in a bun during lesson. There was something else; she was redder than a Weasley family reunion. At first Harry suspected she had caught his wandering eyes, but then he had caught onto how hot the air around them was. He forced his eyes away from his potions partner and focused on someone on the opposite end of the spectrum: Snape. "For the next two days you'll both return to this room for an hour's detention. During that time you will complete the potion, and if it's anything less than perfect you'll both fail this unit. Have I made myself clear?" Snape asked. Harry and Daphne nodded. "Good, I take it you already know the ingredients and where to get them. If you need me, I shall be in the staff room trying to enjoy the rest of my night. Try not need me. I'll be back in half an hour, when I return I expect the potion to be over half way completed. Any questions?" The two shook their heads and watched as the potions master left. "Merlin, it's hot in here." Daphne groaned, wiping the sweat from her forehead. " Think that's our fault…" Harry forced an awkward laugh. When his laugh went unreturned, he turned his attention towards their cauldron. "Well, let's get on with it." "Don't tell me what to do," Daphne let out a tired sigh. Harry scowled at her, but didn't rise to it. Tensions were already high enough in the room. Neither of them wanted to be here, and they were both clearly still mad at each other. And the heat was not helping. Daphne smirked as Harry clenched his fists and approached their cauldron. He collected up the first ingredient from the table and began separating them into the cauldron. She admitted, he was cute. Daphne didn't believe in dating her classmates, but that didn't mean she wasn't allowed to look. Gryffindor or not, Harry Potter was fit , end of. Unfortunately she hadn't had time to divert her eyes before he caught her staring at him. "What?" "Nothing." Harry took a look back at the cauldron, then back at her. "You going to help?" He certainly had an attitude on him today. Two could play at that game. " Maybe ," she pursed her lips. Harry scowled, "I'm not doing all the work again." Daphne's eyebrows hit the ceiling. "Again?!" she snapped. "You did nothing except make faces at Weasel from across the room!" Harry frowned. "What are you on about? You just sat and watched all lesson! You literally put your feet up!" Daphne scowled at him. She was better than this; she wasn't going to let this boy ruin her reputation. She pushed up her sleeves and marched over to him. "What ingredients do you need?" she asked through a fake smile. Harry stared at her coldly. "The Chizpurfle Carapaces... Under there," he pointed across the room. "The Chizpurfle Carapaces, what?" her sweet tone continued. Harry glare became one to rival a Basilisks. " Please ." Daphne smiled at him sweetly and turned on her heels. She skipped over to the table and bent down, rooting through the various jars of animal parts. Harry's eyes were instantly draw to what ones, hands down, one of the best bottoms he'd ever seen. It was a bum that would make Fleur Delacour blush in envy. Unfortunately Harry's eyeful was cut short when she found what she was looking for and stood up. "There, I've helped. What else do you need, boss?" Daphne said handing him the Chizpurfle Carapaces. At her use of the word 'boss', Harry's temper flared, "Greengrass, can we just get this finished? I don't want to be here anymore than you do." Daphne had only just taken her seat before she was instantly back on her feet again. " Well , if you hadn't had pushed me I wouldn't have dropped the bottle in the cauldron and we wouldn't be here, would we?" she snapped. "I didn't push you, I couldn't squeeze past your arse!" he snapped. Daphne snorted. "You saying I've got a big bum? Like you're in a position to be insulting somebody, Scarboy!" Harry blushed. "I meant you were stood in my way, you should have been paying attention!" "Maybe if you weren't paying so much attention to my arse, you wouldn't have bumped into me?" Harry looked away. She had officially succeeded in making him uncomfortable. She smirked. "I wasn't looking at your bum," the redness in his cheeks betrayed him. "I guess I should be honored that the great Gryffindor golden