A/N: Am I starting another story? Well, yes, and I'll be damned if I don't finish I, haha. In my mind for this story, Esme reigns supreme badass and I would like to explore and write her this way. Regular disclaimer applies, I own nothing of Twilight. Copyright in profile applies as well. Please enjoy and review! South End of Madison Square, Manhattan, March 1956 The black cab with shining metal grill had been sidling by the curb, the man in black waving a few bills to the front, drunkenly protesting the fare. A hustler being hustled at the tail end of a short night. It had almost been too late when she appeared: A rapidly approaching glimmer of color, dangled before him by the shadows of the New York night. She had shy, fixated eyes: Fixated on him with a shield of dusky lashes and masked innocence. . " Mr. Marshall, I…was hoping to catch you." she admitted, the glimpses growing bolder and the cold rising from the stretch of paved, unrelenting street surrounding them. " Oh?" The bills had dropped unceremoniously through his window to the seat in his pleasant shock, and the cabbie sped off before the gentleman had a chance to settle his case. Or retrieve back his money. " I was given your name…for the open position." She knew he was a heavy hitter amongst the elite. He was spoken for by his well furnished abode, a penthouse suite atop a building that reached for the sky. He capitalized on trade, his days inconstant with the ebb and flow of the markets on Wall St, and his nights debauched away with empty promise and booze. "So an actress, Ms…?" His conjecture tapered off as he recognized she was a virtual stranger sitting on his brocade settee, contradicting the ill gain of his home with demure patience. A rose left unsullied by the soil she sprang from. Maybe her beauty hid her prickly thorns. The thought excited him. "Platt…Esme, if you'd prefer." With a bat of her lashes, and a swipe of her hand across the skirt of her flared red dress, she captivated him with her insistence of familiarity. His neatly wetted and combed mustache quivered obscenely. "I was hoping to go into big pictures, but for a Columbus gal like me…well the only things I've been able to keep my hands on are my big dreams." She played her part beautifully and her shy, halted speech unwound him. "Columbus?" "Ohio, Mr. Marshall. It's been a dreadfully long wait. I was told you would …that I could…that I would be taken care of." She toyed and sulked lightly for his benefit. But through her simpering and swaying, he made plans she already knew didn't include her, past the gray break of dawn. His concentration grew fogged and fragmented with her presence but his unabashed gaze did not do her justice. Instead, stale silence riddled with the biting odor of aged liquor and harsh, uneven breaths separated them. It broke with a note of realization that rang earnestly in the face of a lie. Hers, of course. " You must be one of Lawrence's girls." He hadn't expected another 'opportunity' to be sent his way until the storm over his white-collared reputation had receded. He didn't suspect; he simply wanted her, someone a man in his position had no business chasing. Then again, she had come to him. His suspicion had ultimately failed to be aroused by the way she couldn't possibly fit into his reality: Deathly pale, frigidly beautiful, and wandering alone in a city meant to swallow her whole. But his eyes had already been clouded with the onslaught of a wanton lust. The ironic quirk of her colorless lips lay ignored by him, but he would've benefited from noticing something too apparent to have been missed. She was no one's girl. His meticulously engraved cigar humidor lay open and willing, bequeathing its contents as he struck a match. The acrid odor of sulfur pervaded the room, even after he lit his cigar and shook the match loose of its flame. Filler leaf tobacco and decayed wood mingled in the foul smelling space and she found herself involuntarily constricting her shallow breaths to her mouth. He stumbled over to his paned window that afforded him a beautiful view of the Grecian detail on the Flatiron Building. The lights twinkled like fallen stars in the inky blue canvas of the city night. It oftentimes served him a rueful reminder: The things he bought did not always look upon things he could attain. But his mind was elsewhere in this moment She felt him gathering courage. Falsely secure in his silent declaration of infallibility. He gazed from above into the dark abyss below and it was difficult for him not to feel the intoxicating power of his decisions. She knew him at that moment, because her thoughts had once occupied the black depths of that place. They were dangerously persuasive. He appreciated the thickly curled ginger locks that framed the carved stillness of her face, and the firm, appraisable curves under her dappled wool coat. " Yes, if you'd accompany me upstairs, maybe we could work towards…an arrangement." He ended his invitation with an unmasked leer and she knew a less equipped woman would have accepted his bold insinuation with a dose of fear and resignation. But only determination marked her countenance, and she was as steadfast in her purpose as he was. After all, she couldn't deny him the satisfaction she would soon savor. The concierge welcomed them through the gilded doors and she followed his lead to the elevator cage, where she was waved in with fiendish glee. He thought he had her trapped. She knew better. "Your family, Ms. Platt?" She feigned slight unease and tittered girlishly in her seat on the sofa cushion. Her suede pump circled the rich fringe of the rug beneath her, and she was careful to control the pressure of the heel as to not drive a hole through the wood. Her mind crackled with the memory of dirt and blood stained cotton and dark, desperate pleas of reconciliation. She spoke the truth embedded in her fabrication. "I'm afraid they haven't got the faintest clue as to where I've run off." The hormone heavy scent of endorphins rose in a cloud, surrounding and drugging him into an unexpected high. He had already strung along her trust and her relative obscurity in this town gave him the luxury of something he came to value in these situations: time. He turned, taking calculated steps to the humidor once again, barely avoiding an alcohol induced collision with the end table to her right. His meaty fingers reached and grasped, and a slender, cocktail length cigarette holder lay pinched between his forefinger and thumb. He set it beside the polished wooden surface of the humidor, flicking an almost indiscernibly malicious glare to the piece. The delicate and sleek run of the instrument insinuated its design was for a woman's hand. There it was. She found her mark. Ostensibly, the relief was palpable in her charming smile. There was little consideration for time, given her nature, and now the night was sure to end quickly enough Internally, an unfathomable roar sounded. She hummed deeply in the cavity that lay unbeating beneath her chest, as the fraying ends of her carefully maintained control twisted and snapped; unraveling rope that gave way to the dangerous thing that lurked inside and fed off her deeds. She was ready, and the surety she had of her position flared in a protective visage. But he misjudged once again and took her easy and relaxed expression for another invitation entirely. Her confidence may have taken him by surprise, but he was not one to question her readiness at becoming his next victim. As he stepped closer, the smoke curling from the thick brown wad that was clenched in his stained teeth, it was obvious he was gearing to pounce. His words only affirmed it. "Let us skip certain formalities, it's very clear we each have something the other wants." He sat close, too close for any semblance of propriety. "The mayor himself would be astounded at the connections I've made, Esme." He sneered her name in a low whisper, the last syllable tossed carelessly from his tongue. "A soap advertisement is hardly the best I could get for you. Appealing to homemakers, the working man, it's all worthless, a waste of talent. Now you." He puffed a plume of smoke against her cheekbone. "I could make you a star, a piece of art to be admired by the masses. Your name in bright lights." He paused, allowing the feeble piece of assurance to drift and root itself in her hopes. She feigned a gasp of intrigue, and he grew bolder with the false encouragement. "But, I'm sure, you're familiar with the concept of a trade." His greedy hand left its resting post on the arm of the sofa, and skimmed over her arm, locking his fingers over her thin wrist. She knew the hardness, the solidity of her skin would only be an afterthought for a man like him. "You give a little and then I return it with everything you ever dreamed of and more." His nose firmly planted itself in the cloying sweetness of her hair, his life sucking in death. She didn't flinch, biding her time for the right moment. "Let's just call it a little insurance in my investments." With that he tugged and extended her arm, fully anticipating a bit of struggle from her innocent form. It's what he treasured in each of his encounters. What he didn't expect was her deft maneuvering as she stood up and dodged his blatant advances. He floundered headfirst into her seat cushion, his mouth agape in fury and astonishment. Without hesitation, the cigarette holder now lay between her fingers, and she lazily twirled the stem as if she were entertaining the idea of its use. As if should would ever. "Now, let's behave, shall we?" she admonished him with the mirthless humor of a disciplinarian schoolteacher. She was highly aware of the enjoyment she was getting out of playing with him in this mindless game; it was easy, laughably easy, and she was almost nostalgic for the days in which she felt a bite of remorse from her conscience to keep her sanity from spiraling. But she was not culpable for her actions, neither were the women he had harmed. Now he would see what it was to be hunted. He glared in anger at being told how to comport himself in his place of living by this…this…presumably defenseless girl that he hadn't even needed to manipulate into his clutches. Unaware of his fate, he stood; anger and weakness and humiliation warping his emotions and urging him to commit a secondary lunge. But then she spoke. He froze at her words, no longer the breathy whispers of youth, but brassy, chiming bells that didn't ring. No, they strummed unnaturally like delicate harp strings under a practiced hand. "This was your wife's?" she languidly inquired of the holder, stepping behind of the sofa and running her fingers along the intricately upholstered back. He didn't answer, not initially. Instead his eyes did a peculiar dance, the dilated pupils shifting like a pendulum from her unmoved face to the crinkled face of a newspaper that had been set haphazardly on the low coffee table. From her position, the date printed in black screamed its accusation to him, so alarmingly, that she idly wondered why he had allowed it to enter his home. That was a sign as good as any and she would gladly take her cue. She hadn't even begun to break down his walls of self-rationalization, and he was already weakening with every tumble. "My wife?" he sputtered. He hadn't expected her knowledge, or the precision of her