Disclaimer: Harry Potter is the property of JK Rowling. Title from 'Sincerely, the Phoenix', by The Ethnographers. CHAPTER 1 "Ron, have we got any Boomslang Skin on order? Or possibly any laying about somewhere, in some supremely clever place which I've completely forgotten that I put it in?" George peered critically at the potion that was currently belching forth thick smoke of an ominous slick purplish-green colour. "A bit more of it and I think the Polypills'll be just about ready—" "If this is 'just about ready' I shudder to think of who's testing your products." George whipped his head around at the voice. "Oh," he said, "it's you." "Oh, very nice, George Weasley. 'Oh, it's me', indeed." Angelina Johnson took a step into the tiny room that George referred to as the 'laboratory'—always with a mad cackle—so she became more than just the slim silhouette she'd been against the better lighting outside. Her eyes were locked on the smoking potion. "Is that combustible?" "Er, possibly. Most things seem to be, round here." Somewhere in the back of his mind, a small voice hissed at him that he should stand up to greet a woman—at least this woman, Fred's ex-girlfriend, or ex-fiancée, or whatever they'd been. Before the hissing could become full-blown shouting (and the little voice did have an uncanny resemblance to his mother's), he did as it was suggesting, having to catch his chair by its back before it toppled over. In the normal course of things, he'd let the potion do whatever it was going to do, but the previous week that'd resulted in boils that exploded with neon orange pus—Ginny had snickered that they matched his hair—and that wasn't something that he particularly relished inflicting on Angelina. So before they found out if it was combustible, he pulled his wand from his back pocket and muttered, " Evanesco ." The potion disappeared, though the thick smoke lingered. Angelina waved a hand in front of her face, coughing and swiping at her eyes, which appeared to be watering. "How are you then, Weasley?" "Corking, Johnson. Really smashing," George deadpanned. "What brings you here? Haven't you got training?" There was something in his voice that sounded standoffish, even to his own ears, and he resolved that the next words out of his mouth wouldn't carry it. It was just—what did she mean by it, dropping in when he'd barely seen her since—well, in the last year and a half? She crossed her arms over her chest like she was shielding herself from something—him, he thought with a start—and said, "You look it." She eyed him. "You don't look so lopsided now." "You must be used to my saintly side." He paused to give her an opening to react to that. She didn't. "And thanks, I think. How are you?" She only shrugged and, without looking at him, took another step inside and turned to study the walls. They were lined with rickety shelves that were piled high with supplies and half-finished inventions. "What was that potion, anyway?" George watched her straight back as she read handwritten labels. "It was supposed to be a less potent version of Polyjuice Potion. Polypills, we're calling them. Ten different faces and you'll never know which one you'll get. I keep trying to convince Harry to let us use his but he seems oddly averse to the idea." "Whose faces are you using, then?" she asked suspiciously. "Oh, you know, celebrities. We're tweaking each one, though, so you'll get Shacklebolt with a mohawk, or Viktor Krum with pink hair." For another moment, he watched her. "We're still debating You-Know-Who with a pig snout and purple beehive hair-do. Ron and Harry think it's a laugh; Hermione says it's too soon." That had been the general breakdown as far as You-Know-Who products had gone since the Battle when he solicited advice from his friends. George knew that he and Ron were taking their revenge in the only way they really could. The mockery didn't ease the pain of losing Fred all that much, but George sought refuge in laughter, because he felt closest to his absent twin then. Anyway, it was who he was—he laughed so hard he cried sometimes, and on the day of Fred's funeral he'd cried so hard he'd laughed, and it had seemed completely apropros . Fred would've appreciated it, anyway. He'd got mixed reactions from his family, though even Mum had given him a watery smile in the end and clung to him and called him her brave boy, and he'd said, "I dunno about that, Mum," and in his head he'd gone on I only lost an ear, Fred went and lost his whole bloody life just like Uncles Gideon and Fabian . Angelina turned around with an appreciative expression on her face. "I think I agree with Ron and Harry." "Yeah? Want to be a tester?" He was only half joking. "You know, believe it or not, I make good money with this whole Quidditch thing. I'm not really looking for any extra work." George studied her for a moment. She looked good in that way that people who desperately wanted everyone to think they were fine looked—and Angelina pulled it off better than most, casually gorgeous even in jeans and a sweatshirt. She was wearing her hair longer these days, and natural, so that it fell around her face and shoulders in tight, unruly ringlets. But there was a look in her eyes, a buried grief that he recognised from his own attempts to do the same with his own grief, that spoke volumes. To him, at least, but then he'd been her friend for over a decade, and she'd been the first one at Hogwarts who could tell them apart (she'd learnt the difference on the train whilst he and Fred had shared a compartment with her and Lee). Anyway, she didn't fool him. And she'd never said how she was. Angelina cleared her throat. "The shop looks really good, by the way. I've um, I've come in now and then." "Stop and say hello sometime, then, will you?" George said, feeling a bit daft the minute the words were out of his mouth. That was what she was doing, wasn't it? Angelina shifted on her feet. "Well, that's what I'm doing, isn't it?" "S'pose so." He paused, a pause which turned into an hesitation, and then he said, "Angelina, I can't help thinking maybe I should have—you know—seen you sometime." This came out sounding so stupid and inadequate that he almost added a very un-Weasley-twin-esque stuttered addendum to the end of it, but Angelina just shrugged. "You've seen me. Anyway it's not as though I can't handle it, George." It. Right. That little detail of Fred being dead and gone. Fred had made it clear that he was ready to stop messing about with Angelina's feelings; that when the war was over he was going to marry her; that they'd already talked, the two of them, and come to some sort of understanding. George still remembered the funny look that Fred had got on his face after they'd all managed to escape the Death Eaters at the end of Bill and Fleur's wedding, when Fred had remarked, "You know, it's the strangest thing, but none of Fleur's cousins are half so pretty as Angelina." Privately, George had agreed—still did—but out loud he'd said, "Spell-addled, are you?" "No. I mean, yeah." George shook himself. "I mean, you look really good, Ange." That just made it sound as though he was expecting her not to. "As always." He didn't generally find himself stumbling over his own words, or at a loss for what to say, or nursing a tendency for babbling. Suddenly, faced with Angelina Johnson, he was afflicted by all three. "Hey, I'm a bit busy at the minute, but do you want to—I dunno, grab a pint at the Leaky Cauldron sometime? Catch up?" He'd felt certain that this was a safe question—she, after all, had come to him; made the effort to find him all the way in the back of the shop—so he was shocked to see her turn pale. "Er, maybe." Her voice sounded odd. Strained. "I'm—er—quite busy, you know; Quidditch, but I'll...well, maybe." Now he was just confused. "Why did you stop by, again, Angelina?" There was a look on her face that was half frightened. "Just to say hello." She took a step back towards the door and glanced over her shoulder. "Anyway, George, I've got to go. Er—nice seeing you." Before he could return the sentiment, she'd whirled and departed, and he was too bewildered by her completely confusing behaviour to do anything but stare at the now empty doorway. After a second, Ron poked his head into the laboratory—insert mad cackle—his eyebrows raised at George. "What did Angelina want?" George's brow stayed furrowed as he answered, "I've no idea." In some ways, George Weasley was better than people thought he was. It had been one year, seven months, and five days since Fred had died, and he'd actually had to glance at a calendar to come up with the exact count, which he supposed was a good sign. He'd stopped drinking so much. He socialised with his friends—better than socialising with strangers, anyway, which he'd frequently done when he'd been consuming vastly larger amounts of Firewhiskey than were advisable. People seemed to think he couldn't bear to hear Fred's name mentioned, as though somehow he'd forgotten his brother was dead and by reminding him they'd send him into a downward spiral of grief. He'd shouted himself hoarse at Alicia Spinnet on the subject one of the times she'd started a sentence with 'Fr—" and then immediately stopped, looking horrified. Those vast amounts of Firewhiskey had been involved. Eventually Oliver Wood had intervened, threatening to punch George in the face if he didn't shut his effing mouth, a threat which George had taken very seriously, as Wood's massive fist had suddenly appeared at his eye level. The next morning he'd shown up at Alicia's flat with flowers (Hermione's suggestion) and an apology; Alicia had hugged him and said, "Fred probably wouldn't want us pretending he hadn't existed." This was true. On their twentieth birthday they had, for the first time, considered the fact that they might die. That one of them might die. And that the other would have to go on living. "Make sure there are prettily weeping Veelas at my funeral," George had said, "but keep Mum from crying too much." "Likewise," Fred had replied. "And I'll need fireworks. Loads and loads of fireworks. If the bloody Death Eaters destroyed the stock then hold off the funeral till you can make more. Think you can put on my headstone, 'Sorry girls, you'll have to make do with George'?" It had been both amusing and terrifying, and then amusing again as their funeral requests mounted in absurdity, but underneath the conversation there'd been a palpable current of prayer that each of them wasn't the left-behind twin. The fireworks he'd managed. Hopefully Fleur, her mother, and sister had been good enough for prettily weeping Veelas. They had all wept very prettily. More prettily than George, for sure. Sometimes he wondered if Fred would have handled all of it better. He didn't think so. "She drinks a lot, you know." Ginny's voice jolted George back to the present and he looked at his sister, startled. This was, in fact, news to him. So he and Johnson had something in common. Or she had something in common with twenty-year-old George. Twenty-one-year-old George was the very picture of sobriety. Ginny had threatened him with her Bat-Bogey Hex, which hadn't overly troubled him. Then Harry had said she'd found some way of making it longer-lasting. That hadn't much troubled him, either, as he was one-third into a bottle of Firewhiskey at the time. Then Harry had sat down, moved the bottle out of