notes: Though I've read The Hunger Games about fifty times and love this pairing to death, I've never written anything for this fandom. Pay attention to the setting, because if ignored, this fic will be confusing. There's a slight recurring theme of clocks and numbers and counting (hence the title), but it isn't based off of time as my original plan was. setting: Set in Panem for the seventy-second annual Hunger Games. The tributes are Annie Cresta and Finnick Odair. She is already insane, and they grew a connection before they were sent to the Hunger Games—this is explained in the fic, but I cannot stress enough that this is au, and does not follow the plot of the cannon novels. dedication: ReillyJade at the '14 Gift Giving Extravaganza . This is my first fic for THG, so I apologize if anything is out of character, and I hope that you (and anyone else) enjoys reading! disclaimer: I do not own "The Hunger Games" i. Annie Cresta had always liked to make things with her hands. Something about the moldable objects beneath her fingertips made her feel like she was in control of some aspect in her life, and she loved the feeling of control—she was not a sort of control freak. She loved the feeling of safety and changelessness that creation brought, and she found the stability to be a form of ecstasy. So often in her life, she felt as though she was falling down, and the feeling of being able to stand without caution was something of a thrill to her. For more than half of the time, her world was tilted, and everything around her whipped past her and clattered to the floor in an ocean of instability. For the other half of the time, she was fighting hard for control. She enjoyed molding clay with trembling fingertips that looked to be made of breakable porcelain—the clay, no matter how twisted the results were, was something that she could change with simply a twist of her hands. She could press her thumb down and change something around her—the change was small, essentially meaningless, but it was still a change that she had control over. When she walked, she found stability over looking at the ground beneath her feet. When she looked to the ground and thought about the mechanics of her steps—her foot exerted a force on the ground, and the ground reciprocated with a force that kept her standing—and the control she could bring. She could crush a bug, and therefore was responsible for any lives she would cause of the bugs crawling on the grounds. But no one could be in control all of the time. She tried to eliminate the moments, but there were times where she would wake up in the middle of the night screaming and clawing at her own arms with short fingernails. The dreams were always different, but the terror stayed the same, and she was never in control of her own body. The dreams were enough to make her want to die (hence the clawing at her arms), and when she woke up, she was still scared for her life. The dreams blurred the lines that reality defined so well, and she could not help but wonder if all of her life was a dream, or perhaps someone else's dream. The dream must have been a hell for the person on the other side—or, perhaps, it was a comfort to know that somewhere, a little redheaded girl was going mad. ii. Her parents assumed that she would grow better as she aged, but by her sixteenth birthday, her parents wondered if she truly had grip on reality, or if their only child had truly lost her mind. They were whispering about her when she shrieked in the middle of the night, but when they threw the doors open to reach Annie, it was obvious that she was not waking up from a nightmare. She was perfectly awake, staring at the clock with wide green eyes and stammering in some language of her own creation. Her hands were as white as paper—she spent the main of her days inside—and trembling so badly that she could hardly hold them up, but she managed to point at the clock and stutter out another slurred phrase of her strange language. To her parents, the clock was in perfect shape, but the clock was wrong . It was fine at a glance, but when the redheaded girl looked more closely at the circular device, she saw the numbers melting off of the clock and clattering to the ground. It span off of the walls, and the hands were coming towards her, looking to cut her throat and choke the breath from her. Annie shrieked and shut her eyes, crossing her arms over her chest and wrapping her fingers around her arms. Her short nails managed to break through her fragile skin, and her parents screamed and tore her arms away from her, ignoring Annie's desperate screams for them to let her go. "Annie, you're hurting yourself. Annie, stop. Annie, let go. Annie, calm down." Her parents spoke as though she was a bomb about to detonate. Their voices were calm and unchanging to keep her steady, and they were acting as though they were not holding back a shrieking girl who was losing her grip on reality. "I'm not a child! STOP !" Annie shrieked, shoving them away in an outburst that was almost violent, but wasn't that all she was? She was dangerous, and she was unstable, much like a bomb with twisted wires. Her parents let go of her and she ran past them, ran out the door, and ran away from possibly the only people who would ever love her with no intention of turning back. iii. When she ran away in the middle of the night without plans of turning back, she did not expect to find any obstacles, and certainly did not expect to find a roadblock in the form of a man with sea-green eyes and a charming smile. She looked at him, wondering if he too was a figment of her imagination—she thought it impossible for someone so perfect to be real, and if he was real, there wasn't any reason for him to be hanging around an old playground past midnight. "Easy there, beautiful." The angel spoke with a voice made of rough velvet, and she could not see why he called her beautiful. She was nothing more than a beautiful disaster with porcelain skin, tangled hair of flames, and arms covered in scars from her own fingernails. Her left hand began to shake violently, and his clear eyes followed the trembling movement, "Are you okay?" Annie blinked at him, both startled and curious as to whether or not he was real. "Okay? Okay. Okay. No. I'm not okay." His question was a simple one at that, but she had no clue whether or not she was all right. How could she say that she was okay when her hand was trembling so badly that it hurt and she had to question the reality of what was in front of her. "Okay." He said simply, not offering her some false apology for something that was out of his control, but Annie didn't mind. How could he be sorry for something he had nothing to do with? He was not a man haunting her dreams and making her insane—he was nothing more than a beautiful stranger, and possibly a figment of her imagination. "I'm not okay." She repeated, her voice shaking. "I'm not okay. I—I can't tell time. The clock looks like it's melting. I can't read. The words fall off of the page. I can't count how many fingers I have on my hands. And when I saw you, when I look at you—this very moment—I'm having trouble determining whether or not you're real. I—I don't know if there's an actual human being standing in front of me, or if you're just a figment of my imagination and I'm just speaking to a tree. Or maybe, I never ran away. Or maybe I'm just talking to a complete stranger who thinks that I'm insane—rest assure, I am fully insane. In fact, my parents are thinking about sending me away." "Oh, are we exchanging secrets now?" The man said, and his lips upturned in a devilish smile that made her knees feel weak. He walked a few paces closer to her, then paused, gesturing towards a low swing set. Her body trembled as she walked, but she managed to sit in the plastic seat, and he placed himself in the seat next to her. "Shh. Calm down, Beautiful. Listen to my voice." Her wide green eyes fixated on him—oddly enough, his rough velvet was like some sort of a lullaby. "My name is Finnick Odair. I was born and raised in District Four, but I suppose that isn't anything interesting—I'll bet that you were, too, and just about everyone else in this town was born here. I'm doubting that anyone really leaves their district for a new one. Why would you leave one hell for another?" She nodded, and her porcelain hands seemed to tremble less violently. Her green eyes flickered downwards to her hands as he continued to voice his story, and she counted the fingers. One . . . two . . . three . . . four . . . five. There were supposed to be five fingers on a hand—she knew this from what logic she had before she was seized by insanity—and a smile brought itself onto her lips for a moment. iv. People liked to talk about Annie when she walked by—she was something of an oddity in District Four. She was the girl who would smile one moment and fall to the ground sobbing the next, fragile as a rose petal and breakable as glass. Everyone believed that Finnick Odair would only break her heart, but perhaps that was a lie that his admirers spread to throw Annie even farther off the edge of security. It seemed easy enough to believe—how could someone as free and brave as Finnick fall for someone who was just about to fall off the deep edge? But to Finnick, nothing mattered. Nothing, that is, but Annie Cresta. He would spend his days thinking about her, how to help her, how to make her smile, how to see her again. He loved her, and though he didn't know if she loved him back, he didn't give a damn. Every night, he went to her to help her fall asleep, and held her until morning. Before she fell asleep, he let his voice blend with hers to count the hours on the clock, and trace the steady hands orbiting the center of the clockwork. Then, he slipped into bed next to her. There was nothing romantic about the gestures (not on her end, at least). He watched her arms while she fell into the light stages of slumber to make sure she did not madly claw at herself, and held her tightly when the inevitable shrieks rang from her throat. He wrapped his sinewy arms around her to calm her, and whispered random comforts in her ears—he knew that his voice settled her when she was falling off of the edge. He was the only thing in her life that was steady, and without him, she was falling. v. He was called in the reaping for the seventy-second Hunger Games when he was nearly nineteen and she thought that she could not become any more broken. The voice that called out Finnick's name was a delicate one, laced with happiness and an ironic happiness over what she was speaking of. Annie didn't know the woman's name, but she knew that her delicate fingers were the keys to the names called, and possibly the cause of