Disclaimer : All the characters and settings belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. This story is my way of working out or interpreting ideas and concepts already present in The Lord of the Rings . This is done for enjoyment, and for sharing, but not for profit. Author's Note: This story was written as part of the Spring Frodo Challenge 2006 for Kelllie who requested "a gen fic that is h/c, heavy on the angst and light on the fluff." She hoped for a scenario in which "the Fellowship is on the Anduin and Frodo gets hit with an arrow from behind, but of course in this alternate reality Frodo is not wearing his mithril vest." There is one quotation from Tolkien used within this story. To avoid interrupting the flow of the story, I have noted it here: Frodo felt a sudden chill running through him and clutching at his heart; there was a deadly cold, like the memory of an old wound, in his shoulder. (Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring, 1954) On the Anduin It was the turning that saved him. If Frodo hadn't heard the twang of the arrows before they sped to their targets, he would not have turned towards the sound. He would have been struck between the shoulders. Instead, the arrow struck him high in the arm on his left side. He fell forward with a cry and dropped his paddle. "Frodo!" cried Sam, but Aragorn shouted at him to retrieve the paddle. "Keep paddling," Aragorn said urgently, "or we will all be lost." Arrows whined as they sought their targets. One arrow pierced Aragorn's hood while another stood quivering in the gunwale by Merry's hand. Merry snatched back his hand and huddled low in the boat. "Keep paddling," cried Boromir. Frodo lay in the bottom of the boat in a daze. The fierce, alien cries of the orcs blended with the rushing of the rapids. The shoals grated the bottom of the boat, and arrows streaked overhead to land either with a thok into the wooden boats or with a whisk of a splash into the turbulent river. All was dark around them. The sound flowed together, and Frodo could hear a distant rushing -- a rushing of rapids, and a roaring in his ears. It came to him that he should regain his paddle, but when he tried to raise himself by his arms, a terrible pain assailed him and his left arm collapsed under him. He lay there panting, not daring to move. Time dragged by slowly, interminably. Arrows whistled by, the water churned and frothed, and the cries of the Fellowship mingled with those of the orcs. And then, something touched Frodo's back. It brushed past him and rustled. "Don't move," whispered Aragorn. "We are at the West Bank, hidden under bushes. Wait and we..." But Aragorn stopped, and Frodo felt a sudden chill running through him and clutching at his heart; there was a deadly cold, like the memory of an old wound, in his shoulder. Nazgul! Frodo writhed. The sharp, searing pain in his arm vied with the deadly chill in his chest and he writhed. Then came a clear, singing note of a bowstring and the cold in his heart melted into the burning of a new wound. All now was quiet, hushed. Slowly, cautiously, the boats moved again, swaying sideways as they were coaxed upstream to safe haven. oOo "Carry it," said Aragorn urgently, and Boromir seized the stern, water splashing around his waist. Aragorn lifted the prow. Carefully, cautiously, the two men lifted the boat, Frodo still inside, and carried it up until they could lay it to rest on the firm shore. "Get a fire going," cried Boromir. "He will need it." "And blankets, water -- as quick as you may!" said Aragorn and he bent over the boat. "Frodo," he said urgently. "Can you hear me?" At first there was no sound, but when Aragorn bent closer, he heard a whisper. "Don't move me," Frodo said. His eyes were shut and his face wet with sweat. His body was rigid. "What's wrong," asked Merry. Pippin came running and in his haste he knocked the boat. Frodo cried out. Shocked, Pippin leaped back, his eyes wide. "There is an arrow in his arm," said Aragorn tersely. "Do you not see it?" "Don't move me," begged Frodo. Aragorn didn't answer but instead looked to where the rest of the Fellowship were hastily making camp. Legolas came running. "There are blankets laid out," the Elf said, "and Sam is kindling a fire." He stepped closer and peered into the boat. "The arrow is pressed against the curve of the hull. Frodo must be moved." Aragorn nodded and looked back into the boat. "I know. I am sorry, Frodo," he said and he swiftly but smoothly lifted Frodo out. Frodo clutched at Aragorn's sleeve, his eyes tightly shut and his body shaking. "Please..." he begged but could not finish. Aragorn carried Frodo to the blankets, but as he laid Frodo down, the arrow was jostled. Frodo's body arched and he gasped. "Slowly," murmured Aragorn. "Slowly, Frodo. All right? I've got you. Slowly now." Trembling, Merry folded his cloak and laid it at the head of the blankets. But as Frodo's legs and hip touched the blankets, Frodo's body spasmed again. Aragorn stilled. "Almost there," he whispered. He cradled Frodo's upper body with one arm and caressed Frodo's forehead for a moment with his hand. "That's it, Frodo. You're almost there." And then he lowered Frodo onto his right side. "The fire is lit," said Sam. He knelt breathless by Frodo's side. "Is it bad, Strider?" Aragorn knelt and carefully drew back Frodo's cloak. "I need light," he said. Boromir brought a flaming brand from the fire. Cautiously he parted the torn sleeve from around the arrow shaft and peered at the skin. Boromir, too, knelt. "The arrowhead has gone in," he said. "We cannot pull it out." "No, we can't," agreed Aragorn. He gripped Frodo's arm below the site and carefully with the smallest of motions tapped the shaft. Frodo's cry was shrill. "Forgive me, Frodo," Aragorn said. "The arrow is rigid. It has struck the bone." Gimli, unnoticed by the others, dropped to his knees. "Then you may wish to have use of this," he said, and he bore a large stone, flat on one side. Aragorn peered at the stone and thought. At last he straightened. "Thank you, Gimli. Yes. There is nothing else I can do in the dark." "Then if you hold the arm, I shall wield the axe," said Gimli. He looked down at Frodo. "I'm sorry, but I shall do it speedily." "Quickly, then," said Aragorn, "with no time for thought." He laid the stone on the ground and turned Frodo's arm so that the arrow shaft lay across the flat side of the stone. Boromir held the brand close and laid his gloved hand over Frodo's mouth. Before the other hobbits could realize Gimli's intent or protest the action, Gimli seized his axe, made a quick measurement and then struck the shaft. The splintering of the wood and a muffled wail were mercifully blended into the sound of the rapids, not far in the distance. oOo "The fire is banked," said Gimli, "and Boromir and Legolas have ringed the boats between the fire and the shore. It is not perfect but we will not be as obvious to prying eyes." "That is well," said Aragorn. "The orcs, I deem, will not trouble us again tonight. Whatever it was that Legolas brought down -- the loss seems to have brought dismay to our enemies." "And what of Frodo," asked Merry who came up just then with Boromir. "There's no more we can do without light," said Aragorn. "We will sleep the rest of the night and then we will tend to him in the morning." "Can't you at least take the arrow out?" pleaded Merry. "No, Merry," said Boromir gruffly, but not unkindly. "It is stuck in the bone and the flesh has closed over it. It must be cut out." None of them had realized that Pippin had joined them. "But can't you just pull it out?" asked Pippin fearfully. "It went in easily. Wouldn't it come out... if you just gave it... a yank?" But he winced at his own words. "I am sorry, Pippin," said Aragorn gravely. "It would not. The arrowheads these orcs are using are wide and shallow -- and barbed. If they had been longer, then the blade would not have fully entered Frodo's arm. As it is, the head is buried. That is Frodo's luck, I'm afraid. It is more difficult than it would seem to pull out an arrow if it is buried. And it would do far worse damage. "No. We must wait until morning light. Two will stand watch tonight: one to guard the camp and one to stay with Frodo. I will take the first watch and look over him." "And I will guard the camp," said Gimli. "I do not need sleep." "Very well," said Aragorn. "The rest of you -- get sleep while you may." oOo "Are you warm enough, Frodo?" asked Aragorn. The rest of the Fellowship save Gimli were sleeping. "Yes, thank you," Frodo said. He was covered well and laid close to the fire. Aragorn reached over and touched his fingers to Frodo's forehead. "Try to sleep if you can." "Sleep is far from me," Frodo said. "I would rather talk if that is all right." Aragorn nodded. "Very well. What would you like to talk about?" "I cannot help but think I shamed myself this night," Frodo said. "Even now, I feel the pain so much that I feel I must whimper. I am trying not to. But I am sure that if you, Boromir, Legolas or Gimli had received the arrow instead, you would not be so craven!" "I'm afraid you're quite wrong, Frodo," said Aragorn. "The arrowhead struck the bone, and that is a grievously painful wound. I have seen strong men brought screaming to the ground from such an injury. No. You have shown restraint, not cowardice." "Will..." and here Frodo hesitated. "Will the removal be..." He did not finish the sentence. He shifted slightly and bit his lip against the pain from the movement. "It will be... difficult," said Aragorn. "I'm sorry. I will be as quick as I possibly can, but I will not offer you false comfort." Frodo gave a weak smile. "Nor would I wish you to." They both were silent then. All was quiet around them. Only the faint hissing and crackling of the glowing embers could be heard nearby, and further downstream came the rushing of the rapids of Sarn Gebir. Then Frodo spoke again. "I must ask a favour of you." Aragorn's hand once again sought Frodo's forehead. "What do you wish?" "You say that I have shown restraint," answered Frodo. "But when I think of what you may do in the morning, I fear that I will not be able to... to keep that restraint. Can Men?" Aragorn took a deep breath and then let it out slowly. "No. They cannot." "Then I beg this of you," said Frodo. "Don't show me kindness. Don't let me hinder you in any way. I fear that I will beg you to stop, or plead with others to intercede. Don't let me do this. I need you to be ruthless, and I need you to be able to do whatever must be done unhindered." Aragorn laid his hand fully on Frodo's forehead. "I will do as you say." "The others," continued Frodo, "Merry, Sam... especially Pippin -- none of us has seen this before. They must be made to understand the need for... ruthlessness." "They will," said Aragorn softly, "although it pains me to know that they, and most of all you, must learn this bitter lesson."