Welcome to the extended edition of Tugging on a Rope! This pointless Lord of the Rings story is the first to receive this sort of treatment from me, so I wonder how it will be received. Will people like it? Or will they hate it? Or will it be completely ignored? Ah well. I'm going to add a commentary to this story later, so I'll explain more about why I decided to do an extended edition then. Now, please enjoy, and remember: Don't do drugs! On Middle-Earth, in the heart of the plains of Rohan, there stood Aragorn, tugging on a rope. He tugged on the rope even through snow, sleet, rain and hail, and also while receiving his mail. While he tugged, he constantly repeated the same words to himself. "I must tug on this rope. I must." Orlando Bloom walked up. "Why, Aragorn? Why must you tug on this rope?" "Ah! It's Orlando Bloom!" A million fangirls ran at the actor, screaming at the top of their lungs. Orlando sighed and waved in farewell. "I am sorry, my ladies, but I only have one to which I have pledged my soul. Keira Knightley, here I come!" He dashed away, followed by the mass of screaming teenagers. Meanwhile, Aragorn continued to tug on the rope. "I must tug on this rope. I must." Boromir and Faramir strode up, arms on each other's shoulders. Boromir smiled. "Remember this day, brother, for it is a good day." Suddenly Faramir's cell phone rang. He sighed. "This won't be a good day if someone keeps running my bill up." He plucked the mobile device from his pocket and put it to his ear. "Hello? Oh, hi, Dad…No, I was hanging with Boromir…What do you mean, go to Rivendell? I'm having so much fun with him…Dad, I don't want to go. Send Boromir. He's so much more capable than me…Wait, you really want me to go? Dad, that's like the book, not the movie. Peter Jackson wouldn't like that. " The other person on the cell phone began yelling. Faramir furrowed his brow. "What? Do what to Peter Jackson? Ah well. I love you too Dad." He hung up. "Hey, Boromir, bro, you have to go to Rivendell. Something about forming a fellowship with some short little dudes, Orlando Bloom, and Aragorn." At that moment Faramir noticed Aragorn tugging on the rope. "Oh, hey, Aragorn. Why are you tugging on that rope?" Boromir held up a hand. "No time for that, my brother. It is time to ride." He leapt on to his horse as James Bond-like music played. "Fear not, Rivendell, Agent 006 is coming. Hah!" Faramir watched his brother leave. "Poor him. He can't resist the Ring's temptation and ends up getting killed by Uruk-Hai. Though I don't know what that has to do with the Ring's temptation." He shrugged. "Well, on the bright side, I finally get my own room. Maybe now I can sleep in the top bunk instead of the bottom one." Aragorn, meanwhile, had tugged on the rope the entire time. Faramir gazed at him with pity and compassion. "I know why you tug on that rope, Aragorn. You wonder what the rope's name is. Where it came from. And whether it is truly evil at heart. What lies or threats led it on this long march from home. If it would not whether have stayed there in peace." He paused for dramatic effect. "War will make corpses of all rope." Aragorn paid him no heed and continued to tug on the rope. "I must tug it. I must." Faramir then saw a giant sheep falling from the sky. He shouted at Aragorn. "Aragorn, a sheep is coming! Run!" But Aragorn did not care for his words. As the shadow of the massive, fluffy animal grew larger, he whistled a little tune, tugging on the rope. "I must tug on the rope. I must." Faramir glanced up at the massive sheep in the sky. How was he going to save Aragorn? Immediately a plan sprung into his mind. "Aragorn, look! It's Arwen!" Even this didn't distract the future King of Gondor. As always, Aragorn continued tugging on the rope. "I must tug on the rope. I must do it. I must." Thinking of nothing else, Faramir ran smack-dab into Aragorn, slamming them both to the ground. "I'm not letting you die, alone, Aragorn, King of Gondor, Elessar, the Elfstone, guy with lots of names! My brother! My captain! My king!" Then Faramir realized it was really idiotic to kill himself along with Aragorn, so he jumped off and sprinted away. When he reached safety he spun back around to watch the great disaster about to unfold. Aragorn, oblivious to all around him, continued to tug on the rope, even though he was lying on the ground with a giant sheep about to land on him. "I must tug the rope. I must tug it. I must." Then Frodo and Sam walked up, carrying heavy packs. Frodo sighed. "This journey is so long, Sam. We've gone on for ages without any food, or water, or ESPN. Oh, it makes me want to sing…" Suddenly Legolas, Gandalf the Grey, Gimli, and Gandalf's brother, Pandalf the Pink, sprung up. Legolas had an electrical guitar, Gandalf the Grey played bass, Gimli took drums, and Pandalf, being very artistic, played the piano, a massive grand piano that happened to be next to the rope. Even though they had no music in front of them and very obviously had never used any musical instrument before, they broke into an epic melody accompanying Frodo's beautiful solo. "This is the song that never ends; it goes on and on my friends…" Except Frodo was played by Elijah Wood, who had just finished voicing Mumble in Happy Feet, so he had an awful singing voice. So bad was it that the sheep imploded, raining lamb chops on the heroes. Soon Sam decided Frodo had killed off enough innocent animals, so he turned off the hobbit's mike. Realizing he had no chance at carrying a tune, Frodo started dancing. Gandalf the Grey stared at him. "What are you doing, Frodo?" The hobbit continued tap-dancing. "I feel happy, pa." "And what are you doing with your feet?" Frodo looked down at his furry feet which were rapidly moving in a series of complex patterns that the author couldn't describe accurately so he created a long and overworked sentence. "They're happy too." Faramir breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank goodness you showed up. Aragorn was about to die, and then Gondor would have no king." Sam scratched his head. "What about your dad?" "Oh, he's only a steward." Gandalf the White popped out of nowhere and whacked Faramir on the head. The son of the steward collapsed. Frodo gasped. "Gandalf?! Why did you do that?!" "Practice, Frodo. Practice." Then, Gandalf the Grey and Gandalf the White realized that they were the same character, so they both spontaneously combusted. Gimli and Legolas also left to braid each other's hair. Only Frodo, Sam, Faramir, and Pandalf the Pink remained. Oh, and there was Aragorn, who had magically gotten to his feet and was still tugging on the rope. "I must tug on the rope. I must." Sam stared at the unconscious Faramir. "Well, that saves us a lot of trouble. Come on, Gollum, let's go." Gollum ran up and tackled Sam from behind. The two became tangled in an atrocious melee and rolled away. Frodo chased after them. "Don't hurt him, Sam! He's so innocent! Don't hurt him either, Sméagol! Though he does need the workout…" Now only Aragorn and Pandalf still stood in the plains of Rohan. Pandalf, being a pointless OC, vanished into thin air. And then there was one… and his name was Aragorn. "I must tug on the rope. I must." Faramir opened his eyes. When he caught sight of Aragorn he realized that even though he had succeeded in stopping the evil sheep, he had not distracted the future King of Gondor from his rope tuggingness. Then the grammar police came and arrested Faramir, because tuggingness is not a weird. That explanes why a litle red line cums under it when your typing in Microsopht Office Word. Ah wel. Grammer class, hair I cum. And so Aragorn continued his tugging on of the rope, repeating his normal phrase. "I must tug on the rope. I must. I must." Just then, the author strolled up. He waved at the Ranger of the North. "Hi, Aragorn." "Oh, hi, author." The future King of Gondor continued to tug on the rope. "What have you been up to lately?" "Not much." The author hummed to himself for a few minutes as he watched Aragorn tug. Finally he became impatient with the whole thing. "Aragorn, why are you tugging this stupid rope?!" "Because you made me." The author sighed. "Yeah, I guess I did. Ah well. See you later, Aragorn." "See ya." With those words, the author departed, leaving the land in doom and gloom. Okay, actually, it was still bright and sunny, but that's not what matters. What does matter is that deep in the golden savannah of the fields of Rohan Aragorn was still tugging on the rope and whistling. This pattern continued for a good part of the day. Every couple of minutes or so he would interrupt his whistled melody with his favorite words. "I must tug on the rope. I must." Just then Arwen walked up, led by Orlando Bloom. The British actor pointed at the future King of Gondor. "This is what I was talking about, Arwen. Aragorn has lost his mind." Arwen rushed to Aragorn's side. "Aragorn, my love…Why do you tug on this rope?" But Aragorn ignored her. "I must tug on the rope. I must." Orlando sighed. "He has been like that for a long, long time. I begin to fear for him. If only we could distract him, somehow…" Arwen spun around, beaming. "That's it, Guy Patterson!" Tom Hanks popped up. "No, we are calling the band the Wonders, not the Oneders! Get it in your heads, people!" Orlando snorted. "Whatever, mullet man. But how are you going to distract him, Arwen?" "Obviously I'm going to make a piñata. He's loves piñatas." She darted away. "I'll be right back, Orlando." "What?!" A fangirl appeared in thin air. "Did you say Orlando?! As in Orlando Bloom?! Ohmigoshohmigoshohmigosh! I love you, Orlando!" A million other teenage girls somehow converged on the spot. "We love you too, Orlando!" Orlando dashed off, running for his life. "Someday I will marry you, Keira! Some day!" Then Eomer rode up on his horse. He took of his weird mane-like helmet thingy and strode to Aragorn. "Aragorn, my Uncle desperately needs you! He's been turned all old and moldy again." Oddly enough, everyone had ignored Tom Hanks, who was still standing next to them. "My mom once said uncles were like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get." "Oh, get out of here." Eomer shoved Tom Hanks off the cliff edge that just happened to be there. He turned back to Aragorn. "Aragorn, stop tugging the rope and summon Gandalf the White!" Pandalf the Pink emerged from nothing. Eomer sighed. "I said Gandalf, not Pandalf. Sorry, buddy." Pandalf turned and evaporated. Meanwhile, Aragorn continued to tug on the rope. "I must tug on the rope. I must." "Whatever. I'm going to stop Wormtongue from hitting on my sister. See you later, loser." Eomer galloped away into the sunset. No, really, for some reason he had left his horse behind and just galloped away by himself. Suddenly King Arthur and Patsy ran through, banging coconuts together. Arthur halted and glanced at Aragorn. "Hmmm… I wonder if he wants to join my court at Camelot…" Just then a Black Rider (or Nazgul, if you want to call them that) had decided to stroll over to the local