Hey All! This is my first Harry Potter fic, and I'm excited to share it with you all! I've got most of it written, so please review to let me know if you all want me to continue! I do not own Harry Potter. It would be friggin' awesome if I did. Enjoy! Hazel Herrod was choking for air. Her father, Daniel, was holding her tight against his chest. Even after five years, he still had a difficult time letting her onto the Hogwarts Express. With the recent escape of Sirius Black, which had even the Muggle populace on alert, he was even more loath to let her go. "And you will write to me every week." He stated. It was not a question. "Yes, Dad. I will." She replied, mostly to placate him and get him to release her. It was 10:58. "Daniel, let the poor girl go, she'll miss the train!" her grandmother, Renatta, said, pulling on Daniel's shoulder. Daniel begrudgingly agreed and kissed his daughter's forehead while she shot her grandparents a thankful look. "Love you all! See you at Christmas!" She yelled over her shoulder. As she boarded the train, golden-brown ponytail bouncing behind her, Daniel turned to his in-laws. "You really think she'll be safe?" He asked as he shoved his hands into the pockets of his jeans. "Of course she will be, Daniel. Only a Muggle like you would ask that." Angus snorted as he and his wife turned and walked toward the portal back into King's Cross. Hazel found the nearest window and waved to her father, her heart leaping into her throat as the train lurched into motion. She was off to her fifth magical year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and not even an escaped mass murderer could bring her down. She settled into an empty compartment, placing Leia's basket next to her and opening the door. Her brown tabby cat stepped out, stretched, and immediately started grooming herself while Hazel dove into a first edition of The Princess Bride , a gift from her father. Half an hour later, the door slammed open and her classmates Fred and George Weasley, burst into the compartment followed shortly by Lee Jordan, interrupting her as she was just learning of Westley's love for Buttercup for the umpteenth time. "Ah, Herrod, there you are!" one of the twins exclaimed, sitting down next to her and throwing an arm over her shoulder. "You were looking for me?" she asked, not taking her eyes from the page. Leia had jumped at the entrance of the boys and curled up in Hazel's lap, glaring at them as they sat down. "No, not really. Just an open compartment is all." The other twin said as she greeted Lee. "Make yourselves at home, then." She said quietly, going back to her book. A second later, however, she found herself staring at her lap as the twin sitting across from her had snatched it away. "The Princess Bride! Fred, check this out!" he exclaimed, inspecting the cover before passing it to his brother. The boys laughed, making fun of the girlish title of what was, in Hazel's well-informed opinion, one of the greatest stories ever told. She would know, too, as her father ran Herrod's Rare and Collectible Books just off of Coney Street in York, and had for many years. She helped out on breaks and over summer, and had read an impressive number of the thousands of books in the small shop. "So it's some ridiculously sappy love story with words like 'quivering' and 'tender' and 'mayhaps'?" Fred asked, taking the book and flipping through the pages. Hazel snatched it back and held it tightly to her chest. "It's actually much more than that, but I don't expect you lot to understand or care. Has anyone seen Allegra or Veronica yet?" Hazel rapidly changed the subject to the whereabouts of her best friend. "Nope. Haven't seen them." Fred said simply. "Yes we did! Allegra was snogging Eric Cahill a few cars down, been snogging all summer those two have," revealed Lee. Hazel's eyes widened at the shock that Allegra had kept something like that from her, but kept her mouth shut. That would likely explain the radio silence from Allegra all summer. She would find her friend later and demand an explanation. "And Veronica?" Hazel inquired. "She was in a compartment with Cedric Diggory and some other Hufflepuffs." Lee said dismissively. This didn't surprise Hazel, as Veronica and Cedric had been carrying on a flirtation since third year. In her opinion, they needed to make their minds up or she was going to spike both of their pumpkin juices with Amortentia. "Right then, chaps, I think it's time for some top secret planning. Hazel, do you mind?" George said, motioning for her to leave. "Not at all. You three can leave at your own leisure, I'll be fine here alone." She smirked back; "Don't worry, I won't go telling the Head Boy on you so long as you let me read in peace." "Agreed." The three troublemakers said in unison. Hazel went back to her book, stroking Leia's fur every now and then (for the cat had fallen asleep in her lap). Eventually the trolley came by and Hazel bought some pumpkin pasties while the boys continued their hushed conversation. Leia moved back to her basket after a half-hearted attempt at getting Fred to pet her. The sky outside seemed to darken abnormally quickly Hazel noticed as it started to downpour outside. She ignored the sound of the rain, until she was thrown from her seat as the train came to a complete and sudden stop. "Bloody hell-?" "Aargh, Fred, your elbow is in my gut!" "Ow! My head!" "Is everyone alright?" Hazel asked, pushing herself into a standing position from where she landed next to Lee. She picked up Leia's basket and, seeing her cat's eyes were wide and round with fear, closed the door to prevent an escape. "Yeah, probably just some mild brain damage – " Fred said as he stood. Before he could finish his thought the lights flickered and went out, leaving them in near total darkness. Hazel sighed and pulled out her wand. "Lumos," she said, illuminating the tip of her wand and providing ample light for the small compartment. "Suppose we've broken down then?" George postulated, going to the door and looking through the glass to see what was going on. He tried to open the door, and other students had the same idea, but all of the doors seemed to be locked from the outside. "We must've. Why else would we stop before we got to Hogwarts?" Hazel asked no one in particular as she sat back down and righted her things. As she bent down to retrieve her bookmark off the floor she glanced up at the window and noticed thin ice, almost clear in color, racing along the edges and spreading upwards onto the glass. Her breath now hung in the air as it only did in winter. She sat back down and tried not to shiver too violently. "What is happ-?" Fred started asking, but Hazel threw her hand over his mouth to silence him. She doused the light on her wand and put a finger to her lips, letting the others in the compartment know to be quiet. Then she heard it. A faint, almost undetectable sound was coming from the hallway, like a cotton sheet gliding against a wooden floor. It was slight, but it was there. Hazel's breath quickened and her heart started hammering against her chest as they caught sight of the hooded shadow of a dementor as it glided by their compartment. It paused outside their door and looked in, tapping its skeletal fingers on the glass, which, now nearly frozen, made a dull cracking noise that made Hazel whimper in fear. The dementor looked away down the hall as if distracted by something. Fred slowly moved to put an arm around her shoulders and the dementor, sensing the movement, snapped its head back. Fred froze, arm in midair, as if they were playing the world's deadliest game of Merlin Says. Hazel trembled against the cold, her heart spinning in her chest now, her stomach churning. A moment more of staring and the dementor floated away. Hazel glanced about the compartment and noticed that Lee's face had gotten considerably paler and Fred and George's expressions seemed frozen on their faces. Hazel could not think about anything else than the look on her dad's face as she walked away from him on the platform earlier that day, or the feeling she had leaving her Muggle friends and school behind, or the guilt she felt every summer lying to them. Her entire relationship with Ewan had the lump of guilt lurch in her stomach as she remembered the day last week when she had left him sitting all alone in the tea shop after breaking his heart. The gaps between her two lives seemed permanently irreconcilable. Her mother's face, one she had only seen in pictures, swam in front of her eyes. She had never known her mother, never known what it was like to have a complete family or a mother's love. It was a gaping wound in her life that reopened every so often, usually repaired with a long walk, a warm butterbeer, and a long chat with Allegra or Veronica. But now it felt like that void would never close; she would never be happy again. As the dementor left and the lights came back on, Hazel burst into frantic tears. Fred completed his motion and let her rest her head on his shoulder. He noticed, out of the corner of his eye, that Lee was also wiping away a few stray tears. Shooting his twin a look to make sure he was okay, Fred began stroking Hazel's back. He was more accustomed to Ginny crying on his shoulder than he'd like to admit (mainly because he and George usually caused it), so having Hazel there didn't feel horribly awkward. After the train staggered back into motion the compartment door slid open and Percy, Head Boy and Obnoxious Git, entered. "Was anyone in here attacked?" he asked curtly, getting straight to the point and pointing around with his wand. "Someone was attacked?" Lee queried, having regained his composure. Hazel was still buried in Fred's favorite Zonko's t-shirt. "No, I was just making sure no one was. Head boy duties and such," he said pompously before noticing Hazel, "Ah, take this. I have it on good authority that it helps combat the effects of a dementor…encounter." He handed Fred a bar of chocolate. "What am I supposed to do with it? Rub it on her head?" Fred asked, feigning stupidity to annoy his older brother. Of all the Weasley boys, Percy was by far the most reactive, which made him the all-too frequent victim of Fred and George's attacks. "No, you dolts, have her eat some. In fact, you should all eat some." Percy hissed before leaving the cabin before the twins were able to rile him up any more. He had important things to do before they arrived at Hogwarts. Fred passed the chocolate to George, who broke it into four equal pieces and passed them around to the others. Hazel had to be coaxed, but eventually raised her head from Fred's chest and took the chocolate, nibbling on one corner and staring out the window blankly at the passing countryside. She could feel the chocolate start to work, seemingly warming her from the inside, much like the effects of firewhiskey. She took bigger bites until her chunk was gone. Despite their efforts to get the conversation started again, the twins and Lee were met with silence from Hazel. This was partly melancholy and partly embarrassment. The four in the compartment were all friends, but Hazel had always made