DISCLAIMER: I do not own Annie Cresta, Finnick Odair or any other characters from the Hunger Games universe. All belong to Suzanne Collins. (Except of course, my OCs, which are mine) Hey everyone! To those who have come here from 'Annie's Story', I hope you're still enjoying it and that you'll like this one just as much XD As you might already know, this is a companion piece to 'Annie's Story' which tells of the events leading up to and during the 70th Hunger Games - the year that Annie Cresta won. This story is the same Games (and in effect, the same story) but through Finnick's eyes. There is some slight repetition of conversations between the two stories but most of it is extra scenes that Annie never saw and obviously, what Finnick thinks about everything that's going on. I recommend reading 'Annie's Story' as well, it's not completely necessary, but you get to see what's going through Annie's head during these Games. Plus that story is now finished, so if you can't wait for this fic to be updated, you can pop over there to find out what happens! So, I will let you get on with the story... I hope you enjoy it and please review. I love to hear your feedback. (Rated M for future violence and ambiguous references to prostitution) CHAPTER ONE - MENTORS AND TRIBUTES I am not impressed. When I hear the name 'Annie Cresta' and see the girl – smallish, slim, long hair the colour of dark chocolate – my first thought is no winner this year, then . But when she is pushed onto the stage by the peacekeepers and her pretty green eyes meet mine, I try to look sympathetic. After all, she'll probably be dead within a week... Something hard and unexpected flickers across her face – resentment? irritation? – as if she can tell what I'm thinking. But then that stupid escort sinks those talons into her arm, whirling her round to face the silent crowd and I see my newest tribute's face rearrange itself into blank passivity. I frown. Maybe I imagined it. As Violet Lovedaie announces Annie Cresta's name again, my attention is caught by an elderly woman standing amongst the other adults. I vaguely recognise her as a relative of Annie Cresta, but I can't remember her name. All I can see is the pain in her eyes... a pain that replays itself twenty four times over every year all around Panem, a pain that I remember seeing in my family's eyes five years ago. "Ethan Marborough!" I refocus in time to see my next tribute, a tall boy – practically a man – stalk through the crowd and up onto stage. Now this is more like it , I think with some satisfaction. Ethan Marborough is tall, muscular, strong and deadly . I know him from his reputation as expert whaler and harpooner. As Ethan makes his way on-stage, he meets my eyes with a challenging glare, his fists clenched and his jaw tight, and I give him an acknowledging nod. As Violet Lovedaie grabs the hands of the two chosen tributes and raises them aloft, me and Mags share a small secret smile. We may actually have a winner this year. ... "Finnick Odair?" I turn to find the elderly woman I saw earlier standing just behind me. "Yes?" I give her a reassuring smile. Relatives of tributes often come to find me before we leave, sobbing and snivelling, pleading that I keep their children, their brothers, their friends alive and bring them home safely. Strangely though, this woman regards me steadily, her eyes bright – not with tears – but with determination. "I'm her Grandmother." She tells me and I nod. "Right." There is a pause, in which she never breaks my gaze. I shift uncomfortably. Her eyes are far too penetrating, far too knowing. "Keep her alive." She says. Cresta has no chance, really, and everyone knows it, but I nod again, smiling like I'll genuinely focus on her and not the potential victor I've got for a male tribute. "I'll try." But Cresta's Grandmother is not impressed. "I know you think she has no chance of winning this." "Not at all..." I begin, but she cuts me off. "Don't lie to me, Odair." Her eyes are hard and I realise however good I consider myself at faking emotions, she sees straight through me, just like Mags. I sigh. I should probably just tell the truth. "Fine." I say. "No, I don't really." "She's tougher than you think." "I'm sure she is..." "Don't patronise me, Odair." The elderly woman snaps. "She's my Granddaughter and she's all I have. She's pretty – and I'm not stupid, I know that matters - but she's smart and tough too, so don't you dare write her off just because you've got Ethan Marborough to fight for as well." I stare at her in surprise, feeling a lot like I'm being scolded by Mags, and she glares fiercely back. "I've seen you, Odair. You pick your favourite and you focus on them and leave the other to fend for themselves." My mouth opens and shuts and I have a feeling I probably look a lot like a fish. "Well, Odair?" She taps her foot impatiently. "What have you got to say for yourself?" I am silent for a moment. "I won't write her off." I say eventually. "You promise?" She asks. "I do." I nod. "I'll help her, I promise." There is a pause and then I meet her eyes. "You do realise," I say seriously. "That Ethan has more chance of winning." "Yes." She sighs, her eyes a little sad. "But I don't want her to die. Selfish as it may seem, I don't want to be on my own." I know the feeling, I think. No, scrap that, I'm not really alone, I have Mags and my sister and her family. But still, the sadness and the loneliness in her voice strikes a chord and I suddenly feel obligated to do what I can to bring her home her Granddaughter. "I will try." I promise her genuinely. "But I can't guarantee anything. You know that once she's in the arena, she'll have to fight for herself." "I do." She says and for the first time, I see a tear in the corner of her eye. "But thank you, Finnick... Thank you." ... I'm just about to board the train that will take us all to the Capitol when a loud, familiar voice echoes around 4's tiny station. "Finn! Wait!" I turn to see my sister (older than me by five years) racing down the platform towards me, her long hair the exact colour of mine falling haphazardly from her plait and her cheeks flushed red. Behind her hurries her long suffering husband, Darryl, their three year old son, Max, on his shoulders and their seven year old daughter, Bianca, clinging onto his hand. Smiling at the one woman whirlwind that is my sister, I step off the ramp, back onto the platform. She ploughs into me, flinging her arms around my neck and I have to take a staggering step backwards. I laugh. "Jen." I say, giving her a squeeze. "I thought you'd decided not to say goodbye this time." She pulls away, her freckled nose wrinkling in irritation. "New batch of peacekeepers this year." She informs me. "None of them recognised me and then they wouldn't let me through. We had to wait for Gabe to get here and tell them it was alright." I roll my eyes, releasing her from my grasp. New peacekeepers are always such jobsworths. At least Gabe (Head peacekeeper and actually a pretty nice bloke) was around. "How long till you leave?" Jen asks as Darryl appears behind her. "About fifteen mi..." I begin but am interrupted by an excited shriek that can only belong to one very loud, very little person... "Uncle Finn!" Bianca cries, launching herself at me. "How's my little Bee?" I laugh, catching her and swinging her up into my arms. She giggles. "Buzzz buzz." She tucks her hands into her armpits, flapping her elbows up and down like wings. "Make me fly, Uncle Finn!" I lift her up and spin around, holding her high above my head. "Aghhhh!" She shrieks, laughing wildly. "Put me down!" I drop her back down and she clings her legs around my middle and her arms around my neck like a little spider monkey. "Don't goooo!" She says. "I've got to, honey bun." I tell her, hugging her tightly. "But I'll be back in a few weeks and I'll take you out on my boat, eh?" She lets go of my neck and claps excitedly. "Yeah!" She beams. "Can you take me all the way to the islands? Daddy said I don't want to go because sharks live there but I really really really want to see a shark and then I can bring a baby one home and keep it in my fish tank and I'll call it sharky 'cause it's a shark..." She rattles on for a little bit and I glance at Darryl. He raises his eyes heavenwards in a what can you do? look. "Sounds brilliant, Bee." I interrupt her gently. "You can tell me all about it when I get back." "Okey dokey!" She giggles. "But guess what?" "What?" "I bought you a present!" "A present?" She reaches in her dress pocket and along with an assortment of elastic bands and a rather dangerous looking fish hook... (Jen snatches that away) she pulls out a length or plaited twine. It's a bracelet, commonly worn in 4 by men and women, often symbolising love, eternity and unity. "Ta da!" She announces. "Momma made it for me but I want you to have it." "Are you sure?" I ask, touched, taking it gently from her hand. "Yup yup! It's a present." "That's very sweet, Bee." I say, kissing her on the cheek and slipping the twine into my pocket. She beams at me for a second and then her little face screws up thoughtfully. "Uncle Fi-inn." She says, elongating the sound in a way that makes me worry about what she's going to say next... "Yeah?" I reply. "Momma said you won the Hunger Games..." My mouth falls slack in surprise, my eyes snapping to meet Jen's. She shoots me a pained look. "I did." I answer carefully as over her shoulder I see Darryl shift Max from off his shoulders and into his arms, handing him some very distracting looking sweets. I'm glad. Max is far too young to even hear the words Hunger Games . Bianca purses her lips. "We're doing about it at school." Already? I'm suddenly furious at the Capitol for taking away her innocence, for making me have to explain this. My jaw must tighten and my eyes must flash because Bianca shrinks away. "I saw you." She continues in a small voice. "When you were younger, in the arena." Oh no. Please no. "What did you see?" I ask gently, trying to keep the anger from my voice. Please don't let it be me with that damned net and trident... "The trident." She says sadly. I close my eyes, holding her tighter. "I'm sorry they made you watch that." There is a little pause and I wait for her to start crying and to run away, run away from the monster that I was. But then she speaks again. "Momma said you had to do it." I open my eyes to see her staring up at me earnestly. "You had to do it," She continues. "Or else you wouldn't be here to take me out on your boat." I smile at that. "No, I wouldn't." "I like your boat." She tells me and I have to laugh. "So do I." "I like you too." She continues, lifting her hand