Harry Potter liked to think himself smart despite everything that would prove otherwise. He learned from a young age it was often required to hide things about himself. How smart he was- age 6, Dursley residence. End of year reports and a rather brutal beating for 'being better than the normal people' How quickly he understood things- age 7 the teachers at school, who tried to insist he take extra credit or help other students His need to help others- age 7, school yard. Easy enough if he walked far enough away His ability to talk to snakes- age 10-11, the Zoo and first day in the wizarding world. His want for more in the world- age 5, Dursley residence. "Freaks don't deserve things" His Slytherin side- age 11, first day in Hogwarts. "Wasn't a witch or wizard that went bad that wasn't in Slytherin" - Total Bullcrap. But keep to your fantasy Ronald- So, when he arrived at Hogwarts it was easy enough to continue editing himself and hiding bits a pieces away -much like the Diary Tom Riddle, or Lord Voldemort, Harry quietly wondered how it was actually done. If, when used, You forgot what happened in that time... If so he would actively pursue doing that same for his time at the Dursley's. Or maybe not... one would not do well to forget one's foundations, after all- He spent the following three years constantly changing his personality in slight shifts. Fighting with Draco Malfoy to keep up the 'Gryffindor Golden Boy' act. One like himself should not be friendly with someone dark after all Keeping up with Ron in ways of school work, letting Hermione rule the school grade wise Played to the headmasters tune, saving those that needed saving -Ginny, Buckbeak and Sirius- Protecting what needed to be protected -The Stone and Hogwarts-. Well, more finding the stone early, copying it, hiding the fake and sending the real one to his trust vault. But neither Dumbles nor Voldie need know THAT titbit of information He played his part well. But, Harry James Potter was quickly coming to his limit. Who in their right mind allowed a 14 year old to play part in a tournament designed to push near adult wizards and witches to the limits?! Who in their right mind allowed someone who was constantly targeted to play in such a game?! Harry Potter glared ahead as Wormtail took his blood and dropped it into the cauldron, ever happy he'd decided to use his brain and not allow Cedric to grab it with him Trap Trap Trap Trap there is always a BLOODY TRAP at the end of the year! Harry Potter glared at Wormtail as sparks and steam flew from the cauldron, a human figure raising up. Harry supposed that he probably should be worried Lord Voldemort had once again returned to the physical world and would probably cause significant stress for the UK once again. But his ire was currently focused on Wormtail. Damn rat. "Robe me" Harry's eyes flickered to the figure -surprisingly not horribly disfigured as the face back when he was 11- He'd peg the man around 25, stunningly beautiful with a straight nose and rather long hair -reaching far down his back-. Really, one had to thank magic for all it allowed, after all, this man was in his 70's yet he had the body of someone in their mid 20's, rather fit too, somehow. He now had a clear advantage over Dumbledore. Wormtail was quick to do as his 'master' said, passing a robe to the man all the while whimpering and bowing and crying -though, Harry supposed, he WAS missing a hand now. Maybe he'd die of blood loss? Maybe Voldemort would let him have the body if he got out alive? That would be nice, he'd be in a position to prove Sirius was innocent with a few memories and, well, a full body, minus hand- "Harry Potter, welcome" Harry watched and Voldemort approached, tilting his head to the side slightly as he scanned the man's face. "You know, you could have sent an invitation instead of kidnapping me though a horribly deadly tournament where I could have, at any point, died. Could have even made it dramatic, portkey'ing me out of the great hall, that would have caused some panic" Harry said, flicking his glare back to Wormtail "also, could you either kill the rat or put a silencing charm on him? Honestly the whimpering and the begging... it's horribly distracting " Voldemort blinked in surprise -Harry figured he should probably feel proud for that- before taking his wand off the rat and silencing him -sadly not permanently.- "You stand, Harry Potter, atop the remains of my Father, horribly filthy muggle man that he was, it seems he was use after all" Voldemort spoke again, Harry wondered if he was trying to be threatening? "I'm aware, I looked down and guessed, plus your Diary was also very keen on his own voice, talked on and on about his history." Harry said, turning to look at Voldemort again -red eyes, how charming, he'd always liked red eyes, the idea of vampires with them held most of his imagination when he was little- "thank you, as well, if he didn't shut up I'm afraid my magic might have 'accidentally' lashed out and caused his death" "My diary? What do you know of my Diary boy?!" Voldemort hissed -parseltongue?-, looking rather angry and stalking closer, Harry tilted his head, wondering his the diary was awfully important. "I'll tell you if you let me down and not kill me for an hour. My body is going numb and I'd like to heal a few of my cuts." Voldemort glared for a time, Harry could practically see his brain working over his words, taking note of all his injuries before he flicked his wand, Harry dropped to the ground in a heap. "Ow ow ow, okay that hurts" Harry rolled his shoulders, shifting around so he was leaning back on the statue with his knees bent "seriously, please don't kill me Voldemort. I have things I still have to do in this world" Voldemort glared down at him " Talk " he hissed once again, Harry sighed. "In my second year Lucius Malfoy placed a small black book within Ginny Weasley's cauldron before school started down in Diagon Alley. I noticed but did nothing, rather curious of what his plans were and, well, if it WAS a dark and dangerous artifact I sure as hell wasn't going to take the heat on it. I rather enjoy being alive. "On Halloween -seriously, do you guys have a set planner for each year? It's always Halloween and the end of year that shit goes down.- Me, Hermione and Ron were at a death day party, on our way to bed we came across Mrs. Norris hanging on the wall beside a rather threatening message ' the chamber of secrets has been opened, enemies of the heir beware '. Lucky, or unlucky, the cat wasn't dead rather petrified. The school went crazy for it and Malfoy got even worse for a while. Cue the golden trio mystery solving time "By the end of the year we had almost it all figured out. Or, well, I did at least. Actually I had it figured out halfway through the year -it was rather useful that we brewed a rather difficult potion in the same bathroom as the one victim of the last chamber happening and the opening- but I can't have it figured out that fast if I didn't want any questions asked so I had to let Hermione continue finding answers. By the end of the year Hermione got attacked to -didn't die- and Ginny was taken down to the chamber. Me and Ron took Lockhart down -or threatened him down- where he obliviated himself, trapping Ron and him behind me while I went on to meet with Tom/you and rescue Ginny like my job description says I should do. "Long talk with Tom and a fight with the basilisk later I killed the thing -regrettably- and took a fang to the arm. Believing I was dying and figuring I should at least take my killer with me I stabbed the Diary -which was possessing Ginny and using her life-force to give Diary-Tom a new body- effectively killing him -I think-. Saving Ginny. From there Fawkes gave me some of his tears -was that before or after I killed Diary-Tom? I don't remember-. Lived, got Ginny out, got Ron and Lockhart out. Saved the day and managed to complete my end of years passing and moving onto third year!" Harry finished, moving his arms in a 'ta-da' motion, leaning his head back onto the statue and closing his eyes "so, if the Diary was important, like I'm thinking it was since you let me down so I'd tell my story. Then you can blame Lucius Malfoy for its destruction and Albus Dumbledore for forcing me into the hero role, and Yourself for trying to kill me 13 years ago thus making me some type of mega-mage. Also, I think the rats about to die of blood loss" Voldemort turned towards Wormtail, blinking at the pale form "Ops" "Is he, uh, allowed to be dead?" "He'd still be somewhat useful alive, but I don't have anything that could save him right now. It's a minor loss" Harry frowned slightly "What do you need him for?" "I'd use him to call my death eaters back to me, then have him as a slave around wherever I stay until I get bored with him" Harry supposed Voldemort must have been somewhat out of it from his story -and obvious loss of something important- and the probable death of the rat to notice what information he was giving out "I can save him if you let me return to Hogwarts unharmed, and, say, rather than kill him when you get bored obliviate him of the last year/two years- so long as he keeps up to the end of my third year-, stun him in rat form, cage him and send him to me" Harry offered, wondering if Voldemort would ACTUALLY make another deal with him -heh, maybe Harry would make a good demon?- Voldemort turned back towards Harry "You seem different from your first year" Voldemort muttered, eyes going back over Harry as if confirming Harry as Harry "Yea, well, few years of trying to stay alive is bound to change a person, I grew up. Plus, since you probably don't want anyone to know you're alive yet -if I was a dark lord I certainly wouldn't, I'd like time to make a power base again- I'm guessing this place is pretty well warded, at least to the point where Dumbles can't find anything going on here. So I don't have to play golden boy right now. My priorities are set to survival mode" Harry shrugged "How would you save my death eater? Why would you? How do I know as soon as you go back you don't scream at the top of your lungs I've returned?" "My friend, like I said, survival mode, magical oath? Though, I'd like to warn 7 people, Them taking an oath of silence as well?" Harry offered, giving a small smile "seriously Voldemort, I don't want to become a murder within my teen years. I'd happily sit on the sidelines if allowed, as would my friends. We don't want war" Harry paused "actually. I take back the murder, if I killed my relatives I wouldn't care... if YOU killed my relatives I wouldn't care." Harry took a look at Wormtail "might want to make this fast, Wormtail's almost dead" "I want a magical oath that you will save Wormtail in return for me letting you leave and return to Hogwarts. I want your magical oath that you will tell no one of