Authors Note: Wow! Thanks for all the responses! Here is chapter one, hope you enjoy it. As always, questions, comments, or suggestions are welcome. R&R please and you'll become my new best friend! And thanks so much to those who were concerned about my brother, he is feeling a little better, which is better than nothing. Disclaimer: I own nothing And thanks so much to my beta TheGirlWithTheSilverTongue! ~Bree Important authors note at the end. Check out my YouTube channel too! I posted a video asking you guys how excited are you for the Hunger Games release? "'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all." ~Alfred Lord Tennyson Chapter 1: The Reaping I wake up to find sunlight peaking through the curtains. I turn my head, expecting to find my little sister Prim but only finding emptiness. I look over to my mother's bed, and, sure enough, there she is. Prim doesn't have nightmares often, and even if she did, I would at least wake up and calm her down. But not last night. I didn't hear a sound. Suddenly, a thought occurs. Today is the day of the reaping. I stretch, in no rush to begin the day. The reaping isn't until the afternoon, so most people here decide to sleep in. That's luxury not many can afford to pay. Sleeping in means missing work, and that for some could mean no food on the table. I slip on my father's old hunting boots. I can still remember the days we would go into the woods, all the times we would spend together. Many people had respected my father, despite him being from the Seam. When he died, it was a tragedy that struck the whole town. I dress in a gray shirt and trousers, grabbing my forage bag and a cap. A braid that usually runs down my back is now tucked in. I am about to step out of the room when I hear a hiss. I look down and find that I almost stepped on the world's ugliest cat. I remember the day when Prim brought him home, how I nearly killed him. But she begged, cried, I had to agree. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for her, and if it means adding a member to the family, then so be it. She named him Buttercup, though I do not see how to the creature before me resembles the flower. I walk around him and continue. Sitting on the table under a wooden bowl is goat cheese wrapped up in basil leaves. I frown at the thought of Prim waking up to milk her goat just for me. I slip the cheese into my pocket and head outside. It feels strange not seeing anyone heading to work. I try not to notice how all the doors are locked, the shutters are drawn tight. It only brings back nightmares, but that is little in comparison to having watched the Hunger Games. I pass several gates until I reach the Meadow. A place that, during summer, has wildflowers growing on every corner. District 12 does not have much beauty to admire, which is what makes everyone believe the Meadow is a treasure. I used to enjoy coming through here, perhaps even resting for a few moments on the soft green grass. But now, it only brings back memories of my father. Memories I cannot afford to deal with at night. I miss him, I really do. But if I try to go back to the past, I will only suffer. Finally, I reach the fence that separates the woods from District 12. Though they are illegal to enter, many of the guards we call Peacekeepers turn a blind eye. It is one of the few benefits we receive. As long as we meet the Capitol's coal needs, the Capitol leaves us alone. Our citizens have a closer bond, but some merchants still don't trust a few from the Seam. The fence is supposed to be electrified every hour of every day, but due to the fact we get two to three hours of electricity a day, your chances of getting electrocuted are incredibly slim. I gently lie on the ground, already sliding under the wire. I look around, making sure nobody can see me. Even here, you have to be careful. I then grab a bow and a sheath of arrows from a hollow log. My father crafted each of them with his own hands. He was skilled at many things, but the woods were his territory. He had a connection with nature, something even from someone as close to him as me, can never describe. It was hard to move on, especially after his death. Prim got through it, and my mother, with the help of medication, beat the odds. I don't know if I am over it, or if I have just gotten used to the pain. It's all because of them, I think, all because of the Capitol. The Capitol, the ruling city of Panem. The creators of the Hunger Games, a fight to the death on live television. Children between the ages of twelve and eighteen must compete, one boy and one girl from each District. Twelve districts, twenty-four tributes, and only one makes it out alive. The outcome from the uprising that all began with District 12. The Capitol said that as for punishment, they would not harm the rebels, instead, they would harm their children. The worst part? We are required to watch it, every gruesome death. Sometimes it is too much to handle. We are meant to treat it as a festivity, something to get excited about. And in the Capitol, they do. Nobody is at risk of losing their lives, nobody is fighting starvation there. They have everything. But we don't. Parents could lose their children, and that pain is the worst kind. My stomach churns at the thought of who will get picked this year. I shake my head, clearing my thoughts. Why worry about what's in store later? I am on my way to a spot that makes me feel safe, that somehow makes me feel whole again. But it isn't just the sight of it, it is the sight of a person, the sight of my best friend that lets me relax. When I see him, I smile. "Hey, Catnip," says Gale, waving a free hand. It's what he calls me, despite the fact that my name is Katniss. When we first met, he asked me what my name was, and though I said Katniss, it was barely audible. Then, when a lynx began to follow me around looking for handouts, it became his nickname for me. Gale is someone I confide in, someone that feels the same pain I do from my past. He is my equal, my best friend. But even with him, I haven't shared a secret that I've hidden for many years. I do not know how he would react if I told him I was in love with a merchant's son. "Check out what I shot," he says From behind his back, he pulls out a loaf of bread with an arrow stuck in it. I laugh, reaching for it. I take out the arrow and hold the bread, inhaling the sweet aroma. It's real bakery bread, something that takes a while to earn when hunting. I wonder what it took for the baker to trade. "What did it cost you?" I ask. When he answers with just a squirrel, I am surprised. But then, I realize everyone will be a little generous today. I think of Gale waking up early, having to hunt in the woods when it is still dark out. The thought used to make me feel bad, but since we both work equally nowadays, it hasn't resurfaced in a while. "He even wished me luck," says Gale, "must have been feeling softhearted today." "I guess," I shrug, "Prim left us cheese." I hold it out, and it doesn't take long for the smile to reach his lips. We talk for a few minutes, eating the berries from the bush as well. I wish every day could be like this. The woods, though dangerous, are beautiful. The valley is full of summer life. Trees featuring the greenest leaves, the sound of water rushing through the creek, the sun shining above. Everything about this place is its own treasure. I lay down for a few moments, taking in the cool breeze, the soft grass. Even if it is just for a moment, one moment is all I will ever need to relax. I open my eyes to find Gale smiling. There isn't a day that goes by that I don't wish he were my brother. We could be siblings, or even cousins. We both have the Seam look, straight jet black hair, light skin, even the usual gray eyes that you see on nearly every face in the Seam. Though my mother and Prim are comfortable living here, they always seem to appear out of place. Their blonde hair, blue eyes, they are supposed to be living in town amongst the merchants. Hardly anyone could believe my mother left her town life for the Seam, for my father. But it happened, they fell in love. And when he died, a part of her died as well. We were terrified. I tried to keep the family running smoothly, but it did not work. They only gave us a certain amount of money to help cover a month in which my mother was supposed to get a job. But she never left her room. It was as if only the sound or sight of my father could bring her back. We were nearly starving, and yet she did nothing about it. I do not hate her, I don't think I ever could. I have still yet to forgive her though, and I try to. Even for my father's sake, I try to act kind towards her. But I was never the forgiving type, and I don't think I ever will be. I snap out of my thoughts by Gale's voice. "What?" I ask, and when he rolls his eyes, my expression hardens, "I didn't hear you," I say. "You and I, Katniss, we could do it," says Gale, not meeting my eyes. "What are you talking about?" I ask him. "Run off. Live in the woods. We know how to survive. You and me, we could make it," says Gale, his voice barely more than a whisper. I try to speak up, but no words come out. I do not know how to respond to what he just proposed. The idea never crossed my mind before. I think of it, and try not to show my opinion. Would we leave behind our families? Gale must know I would never agree to anything that left out my family, they would always come first. And even then, I still might say no. I'd also be leaving someone else behind, someone who's as important to me as Prim. "Of course, if we didn't have so many kids," he adds, and I nod in agreement. They are not ours, but they might as well be. Prim, as well as Gale's two younger brothers and sister – Rory, Vick and Posy. We take care of them. In some odd way, we've formed a family, one whose bond can overcome anything. Then, I think of our mothers, because without us, how would they have food? Without us, they wouldn't survive. "I don't want to have kids." I say "I don't know. Maybe I would, if I didn't live here." "But you do," I retort. There is no way around the reaping. His children's names would go in just like everyone else's. How could he, or anyone, take that risk? How could he put an innocent child's life in danger? The Capitol