Hello, all! Before we get started, I must warn you that this fic was inspired by a dream. /watches as most of the audience runs away/ I figured as much. Now, for all of you brave people still here, it's going to be weird. VERY weird. And AU. On a different note, I wrote this story over a month ago and was unable to find a beta. That being said, if anyone finds a substantial grammatical error or feels that something wasn't explained adequately, feel free to point it out. Now, without further ado, my first LOTR oneshot! The cry of a gull in the bright morning sunlight brought forth more cries that were soon drowned out by the sound of the waves crashing on the shore. The grass on the cliff sparkled as the light hit the salty spray that landed there as wave after wave soaked the healthy turf. The laughter of children rang through the air as a group of them ran along the cliffs, trying to avoid being soaked to the bone as the crashing waves came after them. It wasn't often that the children were allowed to abandon their duties in favor of play, but the Elvenking of Mirkwood was here visiting the kingdom of Aquarias(1) and had brought his mischievous son along. Thus, the general consensus was that if a few hours of play kept the Prince from bringing the castle down, it was well worth it. "Come on, you slowpokes! Let's go!" Prince Legolas Thranduilion laughed as he watched the other children panting with their hands on their knees. While he technically wasn't a child anymore at fifty-five, he still felt like one and wouldn't pass up a day romping around outside with them if it meant he didn't have to sit through a boring diplomatic meeting. "Don't you ever get TIRED?" One of the children, an older girl, whined. "We've been running for hours and we're soaked!" Not one of them was dry in the least, not even the girls. Frowning, Legolas crossed his arms over his chest and replied, "You're no fun." "Maybe you need to get tired when everyone else does!" One of the boys called back which promptly started a playful wrestling match between them all. Had any of their parents been there, their mouths would have opened in horror. This was no way to treat ROYALTY. However, the children had learned very quickly not to be shy around THIS Prince or you would risk being pushed into the ocean. The air was permeated by delighted squeals, screams and cries of surrender as the children pulled at each other, climbed on top of each other,ripped at each other's clothes and tickled each other. They couldn't remember the last time they had this much fun and were going to enjoy it as much as they could, even if they would get yelled at for coming inside muddy and wet. The wrestling match was soon broken up by a maid who squealed in horror at the sight. Seventeen heads went up as they froze in place in many odd positions to look at her as though she was mad. They were only PLAYING after all… "Your Highness, your father wishes to see you…" She nearly whispered, but the Elf picked it up. Being an Elf had it's perks sometimes. "Alright…" Legolas replied reluctantly as he disentangled himself from the three boys who were holding him down to let the youngest girl tickle him to death. "Bye." He told his disappointed playmates as he headed back up to the castle with the maid, grinning ear to ear. If only he could have this much fun at home… Wile Mirkwood's crown prince was having the time of his life, the Elvenking was ready to jump out a window and be done with it. The king and queen of Aquarias were nice enough as mortals went, but they had a bad habit of starting the most mundane conversations and actually being able to continue them for a good length of time. He really didn't care what color carpet they were getting in their bedroom or what time they should have dinner. They were supposed to be negotiating a trade treaty, but that seemed to be the last thing on their minds. Thranduil audibly sighed in relief as the maid that had been sent out to find Legolas returned. At least with his son around, he wouldn't look like such a fool. Legolas was good at keeping a random conversation going and would be an asset here. "Your Highnesses, I have returned with the prince." Or not… "Good morning, King Titus and Queen Isabel." Legolas said politely, trying to diffuse the situation before his father blew up at him. He was definitely going to be yelled at for not going where he was supposed to (They had said they would be playing in the courtyard, not on the cliffs.) and for being wet and so casually dressed. "May I have a moment?" Thranduil asked, his voice even as he looked to Titus and Isabel. They nodded, the Queen trying to hold back a laugh. "Thank you." He replied curtly as he stood, dragging Legolas out of the room by his arm. When the door was closed and they were out in the hall, all hell broke loose. "By the Valar, what possessed you to go down by those cliffs?!" Legolas winced as he tried to come up with a good excuse. His father wasn't stupid in the least, so saying it was an accident wouldn't work. 'My imaginary friend' hadn't worked since he was fifteen, so that was out, so the only answer left was the truth, which would, of course, bring additional yelling. "The courtyard was too boring so the other children suggested the cliffs and I agreed." He replied sourly. "It was fun, though…" A frustrated sigh passed Thranduil's lips as he looked good and hard at his son. There couldn't have been a dry spot on him, except maybe for his sneakers. His jeans and tank top were soaked as was his hair, which shone a dark gold instead of the lighter gold it normally was. However, there was a spark in the young Elf's eye that made him relent. He only wanted to have a bit of fun and it was rare for an Elf to lose their footing, even on wet grass. Maybe he had been a bit too hard. "I'm not going to sit here and waste my breath yelling at you, so just remember this: If you slipped and fell, you would have died. Just remember that the next time you go off somewhere without letting me know." Thranduil told his son, pleased when he saw the head fall in shame. Good, he was getting through to him a bit. "Well, go get cleaned up and put on something nice. Dinner is formal and there's a meeting afterward I want you to attend." "Is it going to be boring?" Legolas asked as he watched Thranduil return to the room. The dreaded answer: "You'll be asleep in moments." "Wonderful." In this day and age, traditional clothing was greatly frowned upon. However, it was still worn for formal occasions such as diplomatic dinners and meetings such as this. It was not only polite, but it gave royals a chance to prove which one of them was richer and had better tailors. Waiting in the hall was Thranduil who adjusted his crown of flowers on his head. It was a nervous habit, as he had checked his appearance before leaving his guest room. He was worried about what Legolas would be wearing. His son had a bad habit of dressing inappropriately for formal occasions, which wasn't only bad manners, it was downright embarrassing. When he had passed Legolas's room to come down to the main dining room, he could only hear music of E²(Being Elladan and Elrohir.)(1) blasting from the speakers. His hair was going to turn grey if Legolas acted like this for much longer… "There you are." Thranduil sighed as he saw Legolas pop his head into the room. He had braided his hair and was wearing his circlet, so maybe that was a good sign. The door then opened all the way to reveal a forest green button down shirt and… jeans. "Am I going to have to start dressing you like a little Elfling?" He hissed into the younger Elf's ear as he grabbed him by the collar. "I didn't have anything else, I swear!" Legolas protested as he swatted his father's hand away. "I could have sworn I packed the outfit I wore on my birthday…" "The one you wore to that nightclub?" Thranduil asked wryly with a smirk on his face. "No! The one I wore to the dinner the night before!" The prince shouted as a blush crossed his cheeks. That night would live in infamy in his mind, especially since he had somehow ended up dancing on stage and sleeping with Elladan and Elrohir, unable to remember what had happened. Fortunately, it hadn't ended up in the paper for which he was grateful. Thranduil snorted. "That is the last time you pack your own clothes for a trip, ion nin." "At least I TRIED." Legolas protested as the dinner bell, signaling for everyone to sit down. Dinner was full of more mundane conversation from the King and Queen which Legolas easily reciprocated, which gave them enough grounds to forgive him for his poor choice in clothing. Each course came and went and the conversation became more and more random to the point where even Legolas was having a hard time reciprocating. They were just getting to the topic of a small exotic lizard the Queen had owned in her childhood when a servant burst into the dining hall. Every head turned to look at the poor man as he leaned against the door panting for air. King Titus stood in concern and asked, "What is the problem?" He seemed worried about the man's arrival, which put both Elves on alert. "There is a ship... in the harbor... dispatching soldiers… and flying the flag of… Arcadia!" Though the name meant nothing to Legolas and Thranduil, it meant something to the rest of the people gathered. Panic reigned as people jumped up and ran this way and that, seemingly for no other reason than to run, as escape wasn't an option. The palace was on an island. There was nowhere to run. Taking charge, Thranduil approached Titus who was pale as a sheet at this point, followed closely by Legolas. "You need to assemble your army." He reminded the King pointedly. Everyone was running around and nothing was getting done. "We have no army here." The King replied quietly. "It is impossible to get to the island any way other than crossing the bridge from the mainland because of the whirlpools that block all entrances into the cove. In any case, we'd never be able to overcome the undead the Emperor of Arcadia commands." Thranduil drew back in shock. No soldiers on the island with an undead army to combat? Were they MAD? Turning to Legolas, a silent conversation passed between them for a moment before Legolas darted out of the hall as fast as he could. Sighing, Thranduil turned back to Titus and said, "Take me to the balcony over the courtyard." Wordlessly, the King complied. It was a good thing Legolas had a knack for not listening to his father. Otherwise, he wouldn't have his knife with him at the moment, clenched tightly in his right hand as he ran. He would have felt better if he had his bow, but there wasn't enough time to go get it. Besides, he could dispatch just about anything with his knife, even if it wasn't a sword. It had been a gift from his mother before she passed and a mother's blessing was better than