Author's Note: Ok, so this story is pretty old, but still being updated. The story used to exist here but I took it down when they started purging. Well, I've decided the number of fucks I give is zero, and I really like the metrics they offer here for readers, so I decided to re-post it and update to where it's at on other sites. Hope you enjoy! FULL SUMMARY: Harry, still coming to terms with the reality of his destiny, and only just beginning to understand his greatest foe finds himself the unintended recipient of a magical bond between himself and one Gabrielle Delacour. An epic AU story beginning in the middle of sixth year, follows harry as one dramatic event leads him down a spiral path of debauchery, as Gabrielle acts as a catalyst of sorts, changing the flow of events, and causing Harry and his friends to discover knowledge about magic they could never have anticipated, and perhaps something that will change the course of history forever. Warnings: Harry/Harem Deep story and plot line mixed with explicit content. Disclaimer 1: The works herein are owned, copyrighted, and trade marked by J. K. Rowling, Warner, Bloomsbury, and Scholastic (and affiliates). No intent of copyright infringement is intended here, this work cannot be sold; and accounting for power usage, computer ware and tare, and time expenditure this work in fact represents a deficit in funds. God help me on how I spend my time. Disclaimer 2: The works herein are for adults only. If adult situations in literature are not to your liking, against the law in your area, or against the law for you to view based on your age based on your area stop reading and go study and be a doctor or something. Harry Potter and the Emerald Coven PART ONE: The Allure of Veela Chapter 1: Unbidden Dreams Harry awoke in a dreary fashion. It was a Saturday and all he had to look foreword to was a day of study with Hermione in the library. It had been only a week since Ron had started dating Lavender, and was rightly spending all of his free time with the rambunctious girl. In the meantime having only Hermione for company his time was filled with quiet conversation and learning, which while enjoyable did start to drag with out the counter balance of Ron's innate ability to create shenanigans, not of the life threatening kind that Harry seemed to attract, but Ron could always be counted upon to quickly put a pick up quidditch game together, or a snowball fight, or some harmless prank to pull on someone unsuspecting with green robes. Yanking his curtains aside Harry set his feet down on the cold stone floor wincing at the change in temperature from his bed, which probably had a warming charm on it, or the sheets or something (he would ask Hermione about that later), and the cool morning air of the still room; other occupants still asleep and snoring, Harry could hear distant birds chirruping from the Forest. Harry made his way to the communal bath entering a stall quickly. It was during his almost meditative bow headed stance under the water, letting the heat and steam beat his muscles tense of a night of barely remembered nightmares and forbidden musings, that Harry began to dwell on his other non-life threatening issue of greatest importance (the first one being his best friends current estrangement): Ginny. Ginny. Oh how that name had morphed in Harry's mind. He could remember quite clearly, what Harry called the 'before time', a period in which Ginny was a presence in his life, perhaps a sibling at times, a friend others, a confidant occasionally, and even at the end of last year's term an ally in battle. He had always thought of her fondly; she was a vibrant and fun member of the Weasley clan, which Harry held great affection for. At first she had amused, and occasionally embarrassed Harry with her young crush, then after that had seemed to fade she became a friend and one of his staunchest supporters. He remembered fondly when she had stood up for him during that first confrontational meeting of the future D.A. Now though…now it was like she had crawled under his skin, and the great beast that had woken up in Harry could not appear to be silenced no matter what he tried to do. For every moment Harry purposefully chose not to admire her during the day his traitorous and surprisingly vivid imagination would throw them together with abandon betwixt reliving his more horrible encounters over the years. 'It was almost a toss of a knut' Harry thought to himself with quiet amusement, whether or not he woke covered in sweat out of fear or arousal. With a groan Harry acknowledged the return of his arousal having inadvertently reminisced about his last dream of the vibrant red head. With a slightly guilty conscience Harry began to take the problem into his hands. Before Harry had always fantasized about sex almost conceptually, his mind a flurry of amorphous and interchangeable experiences and images with a few favorites occasionally rearing their heads like Cho, or Fleur, or the Patil twins; now however Harry had to fight not to picture Ginny in her uniform slightly small for her and tight across the chest, or Ginny in her Quidditch fare toned leather clad legs held tight astride her brook hair flowing in a long pony tail behind her, or Ginny back at the Burrow wearing tight form fitting jeans and too tight jumpers constantly flashing tantalizing views of her belly whenever she lifted her arms, which was quite common as she had inherited the apparent Weasley trait of accentuating anything they said with great flailing of their arms. Finishing quickly Harry turned slowly under the water until all the soap was gone and toweled off willing his heart to stop racing. As it was a Saturday, and quite cold outside, Harry would have to endure Ginny and Dean together. He was quite good at hiding his feelings he thought, (though Hermione had occasionally caught him with a meaningful stare so she might know). Ron for sure didn't know and Harry definitely wanted to keep it that way. He supposed it was all right if Hermione knew, although her and Ginny talked to each other by themselves quite frequently. The special sting that made this extra difficult for Harry though (and a great deal worse than his melancholy view on his 'relationship' with Cho) was that Harry knew that if he had woken up to his feelings earlier he would certainly have had her. She had been all over him up until the end of fourth year. Why oh why did he not ask her to the Yule ball then, (he remembered vividly her disappointed expression when Ron had suggested that Harry go with her only to discover Neville had already asked her)? Tired of dwelling in the past Harry quickly dressed and made his way down to the common room, still to early in the morning to have more than a couple of people in it. Unsurprisingly one of the early risers was Hermione. She was sitting in the middle of the couch with an array of parchment and books covering the entire table. Harry leapt lightly over the back of the couch and bounced into the seat and spoke over Hermione's squeak of surprise, "isn't it a bit early in the morning for homework?" Hermione harrumphed, "Well it's only early in the morning or late at night I can get an entire table to myself, and I don't much like studying when I'm drowsy." "Also being an early bird helps you avoid a certain red head," Harry replied simply, trying to avoid a challenging tone. "I could say the same thing about you," she said wryly. Harry blushed, she definitely knew, 'damn'. "If you must know my dreams woke me up." "Nightmares?" she asked concerned. "Some." "I suppose it's useless for me to say yet again that you're not supposed to be having those kind of dreams anymore and that you should prac-" "No Hermione, not visions, just…memories." "Oh," she said in a small voice. "I'm sorry." "It's alright." "Would you like to help me on my defense paper? I know you finished yours days ago. Even with Snape as our professor it's still your best subject." "Sure," replied Harry with a crooked grin. He knew it still niggled at Hermione that she was not the best at something. They sat in companionable silence as Harry read over her essay, most of which was flawless, the only things in error were practical use theories which while Hermione certainly did not have that much less experience in duels than Harry, he imagined that he spent more time thinking about dueling than Hermione and certainly more time with practice dummies as Harry had switched from wandering the castle in his cloak at night when he couldn't sleep to making straight for the room of requirement for practical study. After about half an hour of silence regarding anything not related to academia and seeing Harry staring solemnly into the fire, Hermione finally decided to take a break and stretch the kinks out of her neck, bending it gracefully from side to side, then stretching her arms over her head to pop the joints of her shoulders. Finally she arched her spine as far as it would go and heard a series of satisfying clicks down her spine. She caught Harry's attention finally with a sad sigh. "What's wrong," asked Harry turning back to look at Hermione. After a contemplative silence Hermione finally replies simply, "do you want to talk about it?" "What, your essay? It's all we've-" Hermione cut him off, "no, not that. Do you want to talk about…our red heads," she finished with a sigh. "Oh. I suppose, if you want to." "Oh Harry... it would just be so much simpler if…" she trailed off. "If what?" "If we could just choose who we want to be with. Find the person you get along with best and just…choose to be in love." "Would sort of take all the majesty out of it though." "Harry! I didn't take you as the romantic type." Harry blushed again. "I wouldn't have thought so either until…" now it was Harry's turn to trail off in embarrassment. "What," Hermione probed. "Merlin, I've been trying not to say it out loud but," he glanced around making sure no one was close enough to listen in, "I mean, look, Cho was, god she was just amazing looking, but even though I was interested in her it wasn't like I stopped looking around you know? Like I never stopped noticing how Alicia looks in leather pants, or how pretty Luna is once you see beneath the crazy, or that cute thing you do when you bite your lip-" Hermione squeaked again, "that what with my what!?" she exclaimed. "Relax, I didn't mean anything by it. I," Harry sighed dramatically with his hand on his chest, "I know where your heart lies." Hermione laughed, "Sorry Harry, I shouldn't have reacted like that when you're only trying to pay me a compliment." "Don't worry about it, and please don't let your self esteem suffer just because Ron is being a bit of a berk at the moment." "A bit?" Hermione asked with a smile. A hour later Ron and Lavender had met in the common room so Hermione decided to head to breakfast with Harry following quickly behind, not eager to watch his best mate's copious displays of affection toward the gossipy Gryffindor. To Harry and Hermione's surprise there wasn't a single teacher at breakfast, and only about 30 other students spread about the 4 house tables, few except Slytherins bothering to sit at their own table. In line with the relaxed atmosphere Harry and Hermione