All things wear thin and grow stretched and weary over time, and for years Dumbledore had noticed that the Sorting Hat was changing. It had been threadbare and crumpled for decades, but lately it had seemed unfocused, and Dumbledore was starting to think it was getting senile. He called a special staff meeting in the summer after one particularly alarming episode in which the Hat seemed to think it had arthritis, and forgot that it no longer had a body. "How can a hat be senile?" Professor McGonagall asked. "It happens to all of us," Dumbledore said. He removed his own hat and pulled the Sorting snugly down over his head. The years had made it almost downy soft, and it smelled slightly of mildew. He heard snoring. "Mmm hmm," Dumbledore said, clearing his throat loudly. "Huh? What is it? Where's my sword? Protect the castle!" "You haven't carried a sword in ages, and you haven't had a body to carry one with for longer than I care to think about," Dumbledore said. "I don't think you're well." "I'm just tired," the Hat said. "I suppose it might be time for retirement. I can't seem to see as much about the students as I used to, and I keep getting the sons confused with the fathers, especially with the Slytherins and Gryffindors." "We were thinking the same thing," Dumbledore said, "but I don't know how we'll ever replace you." "You didn't think I was the only magical hat did you?" The Hat asked. "No need to be smug," Dumbledore said. "Go to The Burrow," the Hat said. "Mrs. Weasley will know where he is. He's a bit ...eccentric though." Says the talking hat , Dumbledore thought. "And you aren't?" he asked. "I'm not eccentric; I'm brilliant," the Hat said. "There's a difference." "Do you think the hat will want the job?" Dumbledore asked. "What hat?" The Hat asked. "Never mind, old friend," Dumbledore said. "Sleep well. You've earned it." He took the hat off, brushed a bit of lint off it, and set it in his desk. The hat moved slightly as it settled in for a long nap. Xxxxxxxx The Burrow was exactly as Dumbledore remembered it. If anything it seemed even more chaotic, with Ron and Hermine's twins bouncing about. Even Percy had found someone who could put up with him, and his oldest boy of seven was seriously teaching his younger siblings their math. The door was open to let in the fine spring air, and Dumbledore watched the children at play, ignoring the math lesson. Molly finally came in from the kitchen and saw him. "Professor!"she said. She grabbed him by the elbow. "Come in! Oh, this is nice. I'll just get some tea on." She summoned the fireplace poker and playfully struck a gangly ginger man that was sprawling on the couch on his side. "Charlie, budge over," she said. "Sit down Headmaster." Charlie sat up and rubbed his eyes. "Headmaster? When did you get here?" After Charlie moved over to make room for him Dumbledore sat on the ancient sofa, beloved by several generations. It was a large, beige couch that took up about half of a wall. It was clean, as was the rest of the house, but it had been so often patched and mended that it looked untidy. Charlie pushed aside a bright, multi-colored quilt. "I just arrived, Charles." He looked at the bandage on Charlie's right arm and at the large bandage across the side of his face. He was missing a large chunk of hair that looked as if it had been burned away. "I take it you're still working with dragons?" Dumbledore put a large bag down next to him carefully. It was an old leather bag with no identifying marks of any kind. Charlie touched the bandage. "I got too close to a Horntail," he said. "Please don't say anything around Mother. It isn't as bad as it looks, and she's been worried over it." Cobb, Percy's youngest was playing with a small plastic blue dragon. It breathed icy smoke in a tiny jet. He giggled. "I'm going to go with Uncle Charlie, but I won't get burned." "You're going to have to ask your parents about that," Charlie said. Dumbledore made sure to take note of Cobb. I'll have to introduce him to Hagrid personally, he thought. That's so very Gryffindor of him, and I would have expected Percy's children to be Slytherin. "Do you like dragons then?" Dumbledore asked, to see what he said. "I want to be one," Cobb said. "And what would you do if you were a dragon?" Dumbledore asked. The boy looked at his toy dragon very seriously, and Dumbledore leaned forward, entranced and fully focused on the child. Will he be a weapon or a resource? he wondered. "I would fly over the city and throw candy down on all the children, and then Uncle George wouldn't be so sad all the time." Hufflepuff, Dumbledore thought. Good boy. Perhaps he'll be in Gryffindor, but we need all the loyal Hufflepuffs we can get. Molly Weasely came back with a tray and several cups, which she sat on the small coffee table. She had to move textbooks and papers aside, and then she cast a small spell. The tea pot lifted and poured for them. Before he could tell it how he'd like his tea, tongs lifted several cubes of sugar and dropped them in sloppily, and a generous amount of milk poured itself from a chipped jug shaped like a cow. "It knew how I take it!" he said. "You've advanced, Molly my dear. Do you ever stop learning?" "Oh Professor," she said. "Go on with you, you old charmer." Dumbledore looked around the Burrow, and he inhaled the clean, fresh smell of lemon. Every nook was filled with something from family, friends, or ancestors. It was a deceptive house, but not intentionally so. It was simply that it held so much history from layers of generations of Weaselys that there might have been more magical objects in any one room than in a museum display. Molly's "simple" - as she called them - cleaning spells alone would have confounded many wizards. The amount of power involved - not in creating the spells but in containing and limiting them - was impressive. The items weren't simply animated, they were trained , like pets, and like pets they were occasionally moody or disruptive. The little cow milk jug whipped its tail and looked about as if searching for grass. Does she put the personality in them? he wondered. Molly turned housework into art, and no one but a fellow student of the absurd would realize what she'd done. He was tempted to think she had wasted her talents, but he knew better. She could have been one of the "greatest" wizards of her time, as well suited to a high-level ministry job as a classroom or hospital, but she had chosen to humbly use her talents to corral the Weaselys, and Dumbledore thought the job she'd chosen might be harder. Charlie was one of his favorites in the Weasley clan. He didn't look especially unique. He had gotten the same ginger ruddiness and abundant scattering of freckles, and the same wide smile as all the other Weasleys - except for Percy - who had got the freckles but not the smile, unfortunately. But there was something about Charlie that suggested the outdoors and a different type of adventure than his city-bound kindred. He wore an odd robe made of flameproof Wonder Rat hide. The rats lived near the Horntails, scavenging the remnants of the dragons' meals, and as a result of thousands of generations of natural selection the small rodents were almost impossible to burn. They had grown skin so immune to fire that Charlie had painstakingly killed, skinned, and created his own patchy robe with each fur no larger than his hand. Brown, black, and dark shades of gray mottled the robe. "You didn't have that scar when I saw you before," Dumbledore said, pointing to a two inch scar just below Charlie's left eye. "He didn't duck fast enough," Cobb said. "I got to close to a nest that a female had hidden," Charlie said. "Poor dear," Molly said, examining his forehead. "It was a magic creature, so we can't really get rid of the scar." "I think it's cool," Cobb said. "He looks like a pirate." Charlie laughed loudly, a gruff guffaw. After their tea, which Cobb ignored to play with his dragon and eavesdrop shamelessly, Dumbledore decided to get down to the job at hand. "I'm afraid there's more than a social reason for this call," he said. "I have some sad news. The Sorting Hat isn't well. He's getting on in years, and it might be time for him to retire." "Oh no!" Molly said. "He's been here for so long. Who could ever replace him?" "He said that there is another hat here that I should ask you about," Dumbledore said. Molly tapped her fingers on the table. "We have so many things around here I can't remember right off. We have some haunted objects and clothes here. I think I know which hat you mean. I'll show you." She took Dumbledore through the spotless kitchen, with Charlie following, and Cobb trailing behind, still carrying his dragon. A back room served multi-duty. They stepped down into what had probably once been a den, but was now a children's play area, a place for Molly's garden tools, and a storeroom. A long-unused fireplace had been converted over time to serve as a sort of display area of magical items and trinkets. A foot-tall ceramic unicorn sat on the heath with its horn glowing slightly, and a copy of David Copperfield sat next to it. Five small clay figures of cats watched him and moved in front of the book to guard it. The Siamese cat took up position and hissed at him. "Naughty!" Molly said. "Behave!" The cats stopped fussing, but they swished their tails in irritation. The picture of David on the cover smiled down at the cats. "Cousin Delianina loved cats," Molly said, "and her husband loved books. They arranged this before they died, so they could haunt together." "Very romantic," Dumbledore said. None of the other objects moved immediately, so Dumbledore turned his attention to the clothing items at the far end of the hearth. A pair of fur-lined gloves, one old work shoe, and a large and gaudy ring were all quickly dismissed. There was one hat, an old brown bush hat, a little the worse for wear. Molly picked it up and pulled a bit of lint off the rim. "Good morning cousin," she said. "You have a visitor." The hat moved slightly, and a wrinkle formed a sort of mouth. "Hello Molly. I see you brought me someone new. Oh, and you like dragons then?" A thick Australian accent greeted them. Dumbledore was off to the side, out of the hat's line of sight. The hat thought Molly had brought Cobb to see him. So it has some limitations, he thought. Magical objects sometimes had more human qualities than others. The Sorting hat had a 360° field of vision, but not all magical objects did. "No dear," Molly started, glancing at Dumbledore. "I brought you..." Dumbledore waved a hand at her and shook his head. He pointed to the hat and then to Cobb. Molly nodded, and Cobb hadn't stopped looking at the hat long enough to notice much else. Cobb held his dragon figure up so the hat could see it. "Hi cousin Steve! His name is Rexamillion the Blaster, Son of Aaaaarrrrggg the Cruncher." The hat chuckled. "Crickey, that's a mouthful. Name that one yourself did you?" Cobb shook his head. "Uncle Ron named it for me. I call him Rexi Rodger." "Ah now, that's a good name.