The Devil's Den I want to thank Bubbleybear for pre-reading this one-shot and Chandrakanta for beta'ing it :) As stated in the summary, this one-shot won two categories in the Friends to Lovers Contest (best tearjerker and judge's pick: Twilightladies1), for which I'm very grateful. Also, the other entries were amazing so go check them out once you've finished mine ;) "Good morning," I whisper as I watch your eyes flutter open. We both know the statement isn't true, but saying it feels nice. "Morning," you reply just as softly, either too tired or fearful to adopt an adequate volume. "Maybe we'll get out of here today." I force a smile, repeating the words I deliver so often that they feel like routine. Your brown eyes, ancient with foolish hope, grow sad. "I hope so." A lump forms in my throat at the odds of my statement proving true, and I look away, not wanting you to see how rapidly my own hope is fading. We've been kept hidden in this dirty shack for weeks, bound, and with no knowledge of where we are. The man who keeps us here is a stranger, no more familiar to me than this room was a few weeks ago. We don't know his motives, and we are blind to his intentions, despite our attempts to uncover both. When you're asleep each night, I think of these two things. It's likely that the answer to both is the key to a successful escape. I'm determined for us to flee, but such a thing appears impossible. For one, the door to the room we are kept in is locked at all times, the only time it is unhinged being when he opens the door to check on us. He traps us with a rusty brass key, reminiscent of an old movie, and stows it in his jean pocket every time he enters and leaves the room. In addition to that, there are no windows, only ugly, grey walls smattered with plaster that reek of decay and suffocate me. The most significant hindrance to our escape is two little metal cuffs, one choking my wrist, the other cutting into yours. Both are connected to the solitary wooden beds we have no choice but to lie on and give us little freedom to move. The pain the coarse wood induces in our backs, however, is the least of our problems when it comes to him, our captor. At the same time every day, without exception, he visits us. It's the only time of the day we ever see him, and for that, I am glad. His pale blue eyes set in a pallid, scarred face always light up when they encroach on us, as if he feels pleasure from our suffering. With a dirty hand that never fails to make me cringe, he pats my matted bronze hair and then strokes your cheek. It's always worse to see him touch you, because of the violated look on your face when he does so, and the fact that I can't do anything about it. Then he sets down our food—always two pieces of stale bread—and steals out of the room, whispering about something my ears cannot detect. I've never properly heard his voice, and I don't care to, but I am curious about his mutterings. We always eat the food he provides, knowing starvation will come our way swiftly if we refuse to, and I'm almost used to the bitter taste in my mouth that the bread brings. I wonder if you are. Hell, I wonder how you're coping with all of this. You don't scream anymore in your sleep, and you cry far less, but I fear it's only because you're accepting our fate, and you're resigned to it. I can't let that happen; you deserve so much more. Escaping seems impossible, but for you, I can make it happen. My cracked lips form an easy smile as I stare at you now. The despair in your eyes has faded, however temporarily, and it increases my hope a little. It is the light in them that keeps me going most days, and looking into them gives me a sense of peace I cannot understand. You smile, too, and then extend your hand so it is brushes purposefully against mine. I take it gratefully, comforted by its warmth, and squeeze it lightly. No matter what happens, as long as you're by my side, I can overcome this. You're my best friend, and although we've only met through these terrible circumstances, I can't bring myself to regret them happening, because, had they not, I would not know you, and that is the true meaning of hell. I've tried to block out the day that he brought you here, but now, thinking of this, the memories are impossible to repress. It happened a few weeks ago, I think—my concept of time is a little sketchy. I'd only been here for a few days, having woken up with a splitting headache and aching limbs. My last memory was of walking to the corner shop near my house to buy milk for my mother. My shock at being held against my will had worn off by the time you'd come, but the fear and terror refused to abate. I knew as much information then as I know now, so when he'd swung open the door, I didn't know what to expect. With both hands curled around your wrists and kicking you forward like a misbehaving beast, he forced you onto the bed and unlatched one of my cuffs before attaching it to you. Even with your face blotchy and red with tears, tendrils of your long, brown hair sticking to your face and profanities escaping your mouth every ten seconds, you were still one of the prettiest girls I'd ever seen. Your enraged screaming died down once he'd left, and you turned to stare at me, your face still flushed with anger, but your eyes sparked with curiosity. I held out my hand, and after a few seconds of deliberation, you shook it. We exchanged names, and then stories of how we'd come here. Your voice was soft, shy but layered with a subtle hint of malice as you spoke, and it frightened away my fear. You explained that you were walking home from school alone, because your dad couldn't pick you up that day, and were grabbed by the man who had just brought you in, and forced into a white van. You didn't know his name either, but that didn't bother me. Learning the name of the monster didn't make him any less of one. From there, we'd developed a strong friendship, a bond stronger than one I'd ever experienced. From the moment we met, we'd discussed every topic there was to discuss. I learned that you lived with your dad, and that your mom had passed away when you were very young. Even without spelling it out for me, I could tell that you respected your father above all others. It was probably the way you spoke of him. The ache in your voice told me that you missed him more than you'd ever admit. I learned that I was a year older than you, but that didn't change anything. A year is a measly number, and had our lives been normal, the fact that I was seventeen and you were sixteen wouldn't have mattered at all. I would still want you. I learned that you lived two blocks away from me, in the quiet little suburb of Ester in Fairbanks, Alaska. I'd never seen it, but I knew what it looked like due to your detailed description. It sounded spectacular, but that may have just been because it was your lovely words that painted the picture in my mind. I learned that your friends are bitchy children who don't deserve your company, but despite my telling you so, you're unaware of this fact. They push you to wear make-up when you clearly hate it; when you feel like going somewhere, they never take your idea into consideration; they insult the clothes you wear and so on. I knew it was all trivial stuff, but it was a good idea to focus on things like that to avoid thinking about the situation we were in. And most of all, I learned that you are a good person, pure of heart and generous. This, I learnt, not through the retelling of your life, but how you act towards me now. You make sure I'm okay all the time, knowing that, although I present a strong front, I need reassuring just as much as you do. You endure my rants of frustration and calm me down when I've finished by reminding me of home. You don't even laugh or scorn me when tears well in my eyes and steal my masculinity. It is all these things combined that make me love you. I wish I could tell you that. When I do tell you, it won't be here, in this morbid, sinister room. You deserve better, and I'm going to do my best to make that happen. Whatever it takes… … We don't say much in the hour that follows. It's early morning and we're both exhausted despite the lack of activity undertaken, so we play the only game we can think of: rock, paper, scissors. It's a game of chance, not skill, so we both win multiple times. You have a tendency to choose rock, but only when I use scissors. It's a stupid game but it makes us forget, which is why I suggested it. But after about ten minutes, even that drains our energy, and I hold your hand lightly in mine, staring at the ceiling, then at you. You're still beautiful despite all you've been through, and I don't mean just physically. When another hour has passed, you ask for me to tell you a story. I've done it many times before, starting from the day where you told me how much you missed books. I wasn't a phenomenal storyteller but it was the best I could do under the circumstances. Sometimes the stories I tell you are childish, ones that make you giggle at the stupidity of them, while others are dark and angsty. I usually reserve those for when I'm feeling particularly furious. Thankfully today was not one of those days, so I told a ridiculous story about a band of evil ducks. It made you laugh, so it was worth it. I grimace when I think of how my older brothers, Emmett and Jasper, would react if they overheard me tell this particular story, and then pale as I realize that I could potentially never see them again. Although I hate to admit it, I miss Emmett's immaturity and Jasper's nerdy ways. I wonder if they know about what happened to me, if they and my parents were searching for us. "What's wrong?" you ask, frowning deeply. I shake my head and kiss the back of your hand. "Nothing. It's all right." You narrow your eyes but remain silent. I have to be strong for you. I have to find a way out! … "Why is he just keeping us like this? In all the stories I've heard, they hurt their victims. But he hasn't hurt us. I'm glad he hasn't, but why? Why leave us to die here?" The frustration in your voice startles me. You've been so accepting of our situation and your sudden change in tone unsettles me. "If I knew, I would tell you. It makes no fucking sense, but I swear we'll find a way out of this." I frown. "You've got to have theories," you press, your forehead creased with worry. "I've thought about it," I admit, my voice quiet as if I'm worried he will overhear. "And all I can think of is that he's a sadist