Hello, everyone. My first story for the Harry Potter section, and my first multi-chapter one, after reading tons and tons of material available here. I have the outline of the fanfic in my head, and it should be along five to six chapters long, maybe more but surely less than ten. Since I am half Italian half American, firstly I hope my English will be good enough for you international readers. Secondly, I do not know a lot of British English expressions, so please bear with me for that. Rating is M for some swearing and future possible intense scenes. In this AU some characters will be OOC, and there will be bashing around. The pairing is Harry/Daphne, my absolute favorite, with a Powerful!Independent!Harry on the stage. Please Read&Review! I would like to dedicate this fic to the awesome writer Dorothea Greengrass . Her Harry/Daphne stories are simply great, so go and read them! DISCLAIMER: I obviously, and unfortunately, do not own Harry Potter and everything associated with it. JKR does, and she did a fantastic job in creating our favorite Magical World. I only own the idea of this fanfiction. "normal speech" - 'thoughts' - "$parseltongue$" Blood, Fire, Venom and Tears by Stormchaser17 1. A Destroyed Goblet "Harry Potter." Those two simple words. His name. The beginning of the end of his tale. And, at the same time, the beginning of another one. Naturally, after three years in a row with a problem after the other, among attacks, shunning, criticism, and so much more, anyone would imagine Harry Potter to break. To finally give in. And maybe, some individual was literally expecting something like that. To see the great Harry Potter destroyed before their eyes. But Harry, my Harry , was made of other things, things which were more resilient and adaptable to any situation. Anyone would have caved in front of what he had to face in his first three years in Hogwarts, without talking about total and uncontrolled abuse, verbal, physical and mental by his supposed 'relatives'. However, Harry endured, and endured, everything that came his way. Simply because he was Harry . This time it would have been no different from before. Or, maybe, it would have been the same and different in a whole new sense. And everyone inside the school, and among his enemies outside, was responsible for this. Everything began on that cursed night, on October 31st, when the Goblet of Fire gave out the names for the Champions of the Tri-Wizard Tournament. As it is now history, Cedric Diggory won the competition for Hogwarts, Viktor Krum for Durmstrang and the lovely Fleur Delacour for Beuxbatons. Everything was going as planned, and the three, followed by their respective Headmasters and the Tournament judges were going in a back room to discuss when that damned Goblet had to ruin everything. "Mummy! Mummy!" "Yes, Lily?" "Is that when you met daddy?" Daphne Greengrass, now Potter, thought again of that day, fondly, with a smile on her beautiful rosy lips. It was a strange, unexpected, rushed decision, but the very best she had ever done in her life. She embraced her five-year-old daughter and buried her face in her long black hair making her giggle; she had a fantastic mix of her luscious mane with the color of her father. "Yes Lily, it was somewhere after that." "Continue with the story! Continue!" Daphne smiled at the eagerness of her second born, even if it was already the tenth time, she wanted to hear 'the proud and noble tale of her mother and father' as Harry was used to calling it. Mockingly, of course. "Sure my flower." After his name was called absolute silence descended on the Great Hall of the School, and everyone slowly turned his eyes on the small figure of the last Potter, who gave the sure impression of wanting to disappear into the stone floor of the big room, or maybe becoming directly invisible. A prompt from his neighbor, the muggle born Hermione Granger, was more than enough to shake him from the trance he fell in, and with another shove she made him stand up, and he knew, he just knew, that he could not get out of this situation. No one noticed his feral expression of absolute fury. He slowly walked towards his Headmaster, the great Albus Dumbledore, with his too many titles, and the only thing he could see was the sad expression of pity mixed with disappointment. This increased his rage tenfold, and he could not wait to rip the man a new one if things went south. And, indeed, things went way more than south in the meeting. "Dumbledore!" Roared Karkaroff. "What is the meaning of this?! It's outrageous that Hogwarts will have two Champions! We of Durmstrang demand a new name extraction!" It was doubled by Madame Maxime, from the French School, and obviously, by Snape who was calling Harry all the names in the cursing dictionary. There were some never heard before, it was impressive in a sense. Harry Potter remained quiet, but his eyes were always moving, always active, searching for every bit of information which could be useful to him. 'Maybe this is the time to do it ' he thought 'To change everything.' Moody noticed this from his secluded spot in a corner of the room and wondered what the boy was thinking to do. Harry was straight in front of the trophy showcase of the room, and he was surprised when Dumbledore, with a swift move, literally shoved him into it, breaking some glass and making two or three cups fall on the floor. "Harry, did you put or made someone put your name into the Goblet of Fire?" Harry stared in his always annoying twinkling eyes and answered with the truth. "No, Sir." "Ah! Obviously, the little brat is lying! You cannot trust a word that comes out of his mouth Albus. He is a compulsive attention seeking liar!" As usual, Snape was the most direct. And that gave away another round of shouting coming from all directions. Harry kept his eyes trained on the Headmaster, he would not show cowardice or guilt right now. Only defiance, in front of a situation which he was just thrown into, unwillingly. The disappointed look did not disappear, and that was almost the final straw. "Eet iz impossible. Zey want this 'leetle boy to compete? Ah, eet iz out of his leegue!" His blood began to boil, and he tried to convey this message looking finally at the other three Champions in the room. Viktor was looking at him like he was a bug, ready to be squashed under his boots. Cedric had a sneer on his face, and that was more than enough to understand his thoughts, while the so-gracious Miss Delacour was continuing to spout something in French and regarding him with a look that meant 'I am so above your station that it will not even be funny'. Harry instead adopted a cold mask of indifference, wanting everything to play out before making some decision. It was about time that he gave what he had to give to the first decision of the Sorting Hat, because being a Slytherin was the best choice in that situation. Suddenly, the limping Defense Against the Dark Arts Professor came out of the shadows and added his two cents. "It's so amusing! I hear and see everyone here complaining and ranting but the only person who should is not. Care to explain me why?" All the eyes went on him immediately, and again, the blue-dressed French Champion was the first to voice her opinion. The stupid one, obviously. "Eet iz for ze fame! And for ze galleons!" And that was the breaking point for Harry. He tried to reign in the emotion, but it was impossible. He started to laugh so intensely that for a moment you could think he had been possessed, or put under the Rictumsempra Curse. He was laughing so hard that he had tears cascading from his eyes and it was maybe a minute until he regained control of himself. "And where is the fun in what Miss Delacour said, Harry ?" That was Cedric, saying his name with venom in the word, and being awfully protective of the silvery blonde haired witch. Was there something else going on? Maybe the boy liked the girl? "I'll answer you, Cedric." Still regaining his bearings among bouts of laughs. "I am a Potter. Harry Potter." Snape immediately went to say something, but Harry silenced all the present in the room, with the simple movement of his hand . Everyone went wide eyed at that. "And, since I am Harry Potter, I am the single most famous wizard in the whole country, and maybe even in some foreign ones. Short of Dumbledore here, naturally." He paused to look at his potions professor. "I'm sure that now the greasy one wants to say that I am just like my father, always bragging and so on… and as the muggles would say, that music is old." He paused again, and swept with his eyes over the room. He wanted to see their reactions. The Headmaster was the most unnerving one, always showing a mix of emotions impossible to fully decipher; Snape had pure and undiluted hate on his face; Professor McGonagall was looking at him with a mix of surprise and again, disappointment. Moody was grinning from ear to ear and, with his scarred face, that was a very bad sight; the other schools were furious and the Champions mirrored the emotion very well. Finally, the judges of the Tournament were looking around like him, not knowing how to defuse the whole situation. "Furthermore, I may have been in my personal Vault at Gringotts only a single time before my first year, but I remember piles and piles of gold, and silver, and bronze in it. So really, one thousand galleons to participate in this deadly tournament? Please." He regarded them with pity. Such potential and surely capable minds filled with stupidity. It was almost a sad sight to watch. "So, we erased the two reasons that our gracious French princess said." There was sneering in his words, as well sarcasm. He did not forget about the 'leetle boy' thing. "Someone wants to add some intelligent thing to the conversation or have we finished here?" He canceled the spell with another twist of his hand and crossed his arms in front of him. If they wanted to play, the game would be on them. The first one out of his reverie was his Head of House. "Mr. Potter! I cannot say how much I am disappointed in…" "Professor McGonagall. Please, I said intelligent things." He interrupted her with a scowl. "When I came inside this room I already noticed that for every one of you I was already guilty, it was clearly on your faces. So, let's skip the useless pleasantries , cut this farce to the chase, and go straight to the core of the matter." "Headmaster, I suppose I cannot withdraw out of this, am I right?" Albus Dumbledore regarded the teen steadily. This was a completely unexpected development, and he was not ready to confront the rapidly evolving matter. He tried to salvage what he could of the situation, and after that, he had a lot to think about. "Harry… the Goblet is a magic tool, a very powerful one, and when your name came out of it… it is like an agreement of sorts. You must compete, it is required by its magic." Harry expected the answer, but it was none the easier to hear it. "So, another time, I'm in the middle of something which I cannot control. Really, a great job Headmaster." Now the look on the boy's face was of pure contempt. And they were the ones disappointed in him. He instead, was the one totally disillusioned in them.