Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson or Heroes of Olympus Summary: Percy has been betrayed by those he fought for, exiled from his home. After the two wars he thought everything would be okay, however the Fates have a different story for him. Now a new enemy is approaching and Percy must be at his best to once more defeat evil, but is he still the same Hero that we remember? Hi. This is my first story. The pairing will be Percy/Artemis but with a slow build. A lot of characters are OOC and I haven't read the last Heroes of Olympus so if any storylines are a bit mixed up I apologize in advance. Thank you. The pounding of his own feet and heart were all that Percy Jackson could hear over the storming wildfire behind him. He was running as fast as he could, desperately trying to outrun the raging inferno that seemed to be following him, but to no avail. As he felt the heat begin to lick at his heels, which sent shivers up his spine, he let out a sigh of exasperation as he suddenly stopped running to face the onslaught of flames approaching and soon engulfing him. The fire consumed Percy as the rest of the wildfires around the main flame died down as they captured their target. Percy could feel the heat of the fire try to eat away at his flesh but failed as the demi-god casually stood in the middle of the blaze, the fire having no effect. The furnace slowly died down before becoming just a small spluttering flame that was crushed under Percy's foot. For moment there was just silence as the forest around him let out a sigh of relief as its torture stopped, while Percy looked around suspiciously, as if waiting for something to happen. Then, to Percy's left, a bright light flashed in while a person materialized, glaring at the demi-god before him. "Hello Apollo" Percy said nonchalantly, picking at his nails with a dagger that appeared in his hand. "How aren't you dead?" Apollo growled angrily as he stalked towards the Hero of Olympus. "Just a little trick I learned while on the run" Percy replied, putting the dagger away and looking up at the enraged God. "You know that I need to take you to Olympus now, don't you." Apollo reached for Percy who took a nimble step back, wagging his finger in Apollo's general direction. "Ah ah ah, like you would be the one to hand me into your traitor king." the young demi-god chuckled at the affronted Apollo. "You are the traitor!" Apollo raged, lashing out at Percy while still trying to get a hold of him so that he could flash them away to Olympus. "If this is all your father has then no wonder he hasn't caught me for 3 years" Percy leapt out of the way of Apollo's searching blade and into a tree above, warily watching the Sun God. With a scream of rage the God lashed out at Percy, slicing across the demi-gods chest as Percy leaned backwards to avoid him. However where the blade did seem to cut into Percy's torso, as Apollo reared back to take another hack at Percy, no wound was found. Percy grinned at Apollo before drawing a golden sword from its sheath by his side. It was like no gold Apollo had ever seen before; not celestial bronze or imperial gold. With a swoop to Apollo's unprotected right side, Percy slashed, lunged, swiping and jabbing at any vulnerable points that Apollo left undefended. The two men fought, neither being able to make a clean hit until a splash of golden ichor hit Percy's left forearm. Both of them stopped and Apollo looked at Percy with a glint of fear in his eyes as the wound to his side leaked more ichor before vanishing in a bright flash. Percy slumped down; his energy drained before he stood up and started walking back to his camp, eagerly thinking about the warm meal waiting for him when he got there. As he carried on through the now burnt forest he thought about how three years ago his life was so different… *Flashback*-Camp Half-blood Percy stepped onto the sandy beach, the water droplets shaking from his dripping hair and a smile shining bright in his eyes as he took in the sight of Camp, pristine and almost recovered from the War 2 years previously. He was looking forward to seeing his girlfriend of 4 years, Annabeth Chase daughter of Athena. They had gone through so much together in the last 4 years that he couldn't imagine his life without her. He nervously fingered at the small black box in his pocket, his heart racing as he thought about the question he was preparing to ask her. He had already asked Athena's permission and Annabeth's father and had finally got the 'OK' from Athena. The anticipation in Percy's heart was overflowing and his stomach was twisting into knots that he didn't think possible. Percy started to walk towards the Big House to inform Chiron that he had returned, passing some of the new cabins on his way there. Once he reached the door he knocked politely and waited as he thought about the summer he had spent beneath the sea. His dad Poseidon had suggested that Percy spend a summer down in Atlantis to complete he training in his abilities he had gained from his father. Percy also got to see a lot more of Tyson, his Cyclops half-brother and got to know his other half-brother Triton, who he realised he actually had quite a lot in common with and would often spend afternoons with him in the arena, training with him. Amphitrite on the other hand, did not warm up to the hero quite as well. She refused to eat in the same room as him during dinner and would glare at him every time he walked into the same room as her. He could understand that though, to have the proof of your husband unfaithfulness living in her home and intruding on her family couldn't have been easy for her. He knocked again on the door in front of him and it finally opened. Percy grinned, expecting to come face-to-face with his mentor Chiron's smile; however when the centaur opened the door a grim expression faced him. Chiron's old eyes hardened when they saw Percy, and his lips pursed in distaste, not offering the demi-god a hug as he usually would. Percy's grin faltered slightly at the sour look on Chiron's face however he still continued on with what is was going to say, taking a deep breath and looked Chiron in the eye. "Chiron, I know that since Annabeth came to Camp, she has been like a daughter to you and it would feel wrong if I did not ask your permission first," Percy paused before taking out the ring box in his pocket, "I was wondering if I could have your permission to marry Annabeth." Percy opened the box to show Chiron the ring, the silver band glinting in the faint sunlight and the sea green gem in the middle sparkling like a little beacon. However, before Percy even got to show Chiron the ring, the centaur placed his hand on the lid of the box and closed it once more. "I don't think that is such a good idea Percy-" he started before he was cut off by the laughter of two girls from behind Percy. Percy looked up at the sound of Annabeth's voice, his face stretching into a huge smile. Chiron just shook his head as the boy approached his love. "Annabeth!" Percy exclaimed as he pulled the girl into a hug. Annabeth stood there in shock as he squeezed her, relishing in her scent and the feeling of her in his arms. "P-p-Percy?" Annabeth stuttered out once he had let go of her, glancing at the other girl beside her. Percy saw the look and also turned to face the girl, who he had never seen before. Her golden hair shined in the sun, princess curls falling down her back, reaching her coccyx. Crystal clear blue eyes seemed to penetrate his soul; the ice in her gaze was enough to make an involuntary shiver run down his back. She had petite featured and her skin was very pale, no blemish in sight. They made a striking pair, both with blonde hair though one with platinum and the other with buttercup yellow. They both wore short shorts and tight tank-tops which left nothing to the imagination. Percy couldn't remember the last time Annabeth had worn something so…so revealing, except for the time that they went swimming. They also both had startling eyes that made you feel uncomfortable if they stared at you long enough. "Hello," He stated, holding out his hand, "my name is Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon and Annabeth's boyfriend, it's nice to meet you." The girl looked down at his hand in disgust and turned her nose up at Percy. "I know exactly who you are, you are the traitor who led many demi-gods to their deaths and caused two unnecessary wars which cost us much." She stormed off, Annabeth in tow, who didn't even look at Percy as she followed her friend. Percy stood there in shock as what the girl had said sank in, his head swimming in confusion and heart breaking slightly as her words registered and Annabeth not defending him occurred to him. He watched the girls leave and carry on their conversation as if nothing had happened, laughing at an inside joke. He felt a small hand on his shoulder and he looked sideways at the person next to him. Clarisse stared after the girls with him, sighing in a mixture of sadness and regret, confusing him more. After the war him, Annabeth, Clarisse and Chris had become closer as although the second couple were not part of the Seven they had contributed much to the war effort back at Camp, keeping people's moral up and their belief in the Seven strong. The four of them often sparred together and hung out afterward on the beach. So as Percy looked down slightly at Clarisse, she saw the pain in his eyes at the unknown girl's hurtful remarks and Annabeth's brush off of his return. "Her name is Vivien, she is a daughter of Zeus and her and Annabeth have been inseparable since she got here." She continued to tell Percy the story of how she had come to camp being chased by 10 hellhounds, and how Annabeth had gone out with some of their other friends to help her. Clarisse described how Annabeth had put her life in danger just to save this girl, very nearly dying in the process. The girls had been together ever since, following each other round Camp, dressing the same, wearing their hair the same and always whispering behind their hands about something, stopping whenever anyone got closer enough to hear what it was. "The most disturbing thing," Clarisse paused slightly as she looked at him hesitantly, "Jackson, you might want to be sitting down for this." They walked over to the beach in silence, Chris joining them and taking Clarisse's hand. They sat down in the soft sand, the sound of the sea washing up on the shore soothing Percy's swirling thoughts. Clarisse turned once more to face him, taking a big gulp of air, "Vivien has been spreading lies about you around Camp, saying that these two wars have been your fault; if you hadn't of been born then the first one wouldn't have started which wouldn't have triggered the second one. Me, Chris and some other campers have tried to stop people believing it but it's like she has brainwashed them all into believing her. No one would listen to us, and