Written by The Blue Darling Edited by my beta Jules Ann Chasing The Clouds Chapter 1 Carlisle's P.O.V 23 November 2014 Deeply frustrated I looked on my desk. The paperwork seemed endless, and these day's I used more time in the office than the ER where I should be. I admit Forks didn't have a lot of patients so there wasn't much to do, except paperwork, but still I should be out there saving lives. Thankfully, that would change soon. Just in two weeks Forks would be behind us, and Esme and I would be on our way to Portland. The house was bought, the furniture ordered, and I was already hired at Portland's hospital… Finally able to do something else, other than paperwork. This time I would just be a regular doctor instead of the Chief of ER, so there wouldn't be half as much paperwork as now. Instead I could focus on what I was good at, and leave all this crap to someone else. Irritated I threw my pen away, and decided it was enough for today. There was still an hour until I could leave, and Doctor Snow would take the next shift, but I could just as well take a round on the hospital and check on everybody. There were no patients at this point, and my only patient today had been a ten-year-old boy who needed a checkup. But I took a small walk anyway , talked a bit with the nurses Margot and Jenny, before I made sure everything was prepared in case of an emergency. This was really one of the slowest days on this hospital so far, and I really considered if I should just take off. Esme was at home waiting for me, and I could use a good hunt. But I had to wait until Dr. Snow came in… just in case of an emergency. So patiently I walked back to my office, and found a good book on my shelf, so I could kill some time before I could call it a day. I knew Esme wanted me home too, since she didn't have much to do either, but for now we were just stuck in that world… at least until we moved. After Alice and Jasper decided to study in New York, things began to get quiet at home. Rosalie and Emmett were there too, but I guess Alice made more noise than I just thought, and our family picture shattered. Rosalie and Emmett were adults, not children, and it was always Alice who wanted our comfort as parents, so when they left… so did our parental use. Rosalie and Emmett followed just a half-year later, saying they wanted to study in Europe, France to be specific, and so they left too. This last year after they all left had been so quiet for Esme and me. Suddenly there were no children to take care of, or any news from school… or just Emmett's laughter once in a while. The house was empty, and Esme's garden couldn't take all her time. That was our main reason for moving. In Portland there was much more we could do, and Esme has already made contact with a furniture company. They needed a new designer to get some fresh ideas, and Esme needed to get out of the house, so she wouldn't be so sad at home. She missed our children dearly, but at the same time we both understood they were adults and needed their own life. So neither of us could wait to get away from here. It had only been five years, but the last one had been too long, and we both needed to get out to be alive again. Forks had been great in the start and the house was wonderful, but now I missed a bit more excitement and life. Today I actually stopped myself more than once to remember why we didn't move before now… and there was no answer. Esme and I just thought things would change if we just stayed where we were… but things don't change if we don't. I realized that now. Halfway through my book, I heard noises outside my office close to the entrance. One voice was without doubt Margot's, while another one sounded like Charlie Swan; Chief of Police… did he get hurt? Sometimes it was a good thing to be a vampire, as we have the sensitive hearing, along with the speed. Right now I didn't need the speed, but the hearing was great, as I could hear not just two but three different heartbeats. That meant someone else was out there, and curious, I decided to see what was happening. Quickly and gracefully I left my book at the table before I left my office, and found Chief Swan at the entrance. Charlie Swan had been a policeman for years, and all the time I had been here. He was the closest I would come to a friend, since he often was here to interview patients, if there had been an accident or a fight. I didn't know much about him, except he lived alone, until last year when Sue moved in with her children. A nurse once told me he was married years ago to a woman named Renee, and they had a child, but both moved away, and Charlie rarely saw his child anymore. I knew what that felt like, I hadn't seen any of my children since last Christmas, and they only called once a month. "What's the matter here?" I asked, as I made my presence known since none of them seemed to notice me. Both were speaking in hushed voices, in front of the door, and turned with surprise as they heard my voice. "Doctor Cullen," smiled Margot, and was the first to response. "I was just about to get you," she said, and looked over on someone sitting in a chair, not far behind them. "I think we need a bit help," she whispered softly, and looked on Charlie, who looked on me. And for the first time I looked on the third person, the third heartbeat I could hear from my office. It was faster than the others, and just by the sound I could see a small little heart in my head, beating rapidly… out of fear unfortunately. The little heart belonged to a little boy, no more than four years old, who was sitting patiently in a chair, waiting on Charlie and Margot. From such a distance he couldn't hear what they were saying, but it was clearly they were keeping an eye on him, and speaking in hushed voices so he wouldn't hear what they were saying. His young eyes were however watching them carefully, seeing every move they made, and from time to time he would look at the door… Was he trying to escape? My first thought was this was Sue's kid, and Charlie brought him here because something was wrong… but he was still wearing his uniform, and I knew Sue's kids were older. So this was someone Charlie brought here, because it was a part of his job… "Who is he?" I asked in a hushed voice too, and kept my eyes on him, as I talked to Margot and Charlie. Because as I looked closer, he was clearly not in a good condition. His body looked a bit too skinny, at least for a child in his age, and his clothes didn't look… well new. They were outworn, with many holes, but I could only see a bit of it, as he was wearing Charlie's coat to keep him warm. He even looked a bit blue, and was holding a small cup of what I assumed was hot chocolate that he carefully sipped on, as he stared back on me with beautiful blue eyes. "We don't know his name yet as he won't talk to me," confessed Charlie as he eyed the boy. "But we arrested his mother an hour ago as she tried to steal from the supermarket, and ran with him as she saw the police… unfortunately the boy couldn't keep up, and fell… and well I am just here to make sure he's okay," he said, and I suddenly felt very sorry for the boy. To be honest it looked like he was living on the streets, considered how little clothes he was wearing, and how old and outworn it was. Even his hair looked like it could use a good shower, as what should have been a beautiful brown hair was instead a greasy mess. "I see," I muttered, and could feel there was something Charlie wasn't telling me because the boy still was here. "Margot why don't you take this young man with you, and make sure he is comfortable and warm?" I suggested, loud enough for the boy to hear, and then I added. "I will be with you shortly." The translation was, Margot please take the boy to one of the exam rooms, so Charlie and I can speak freely. "Of course," smiled Margot, clearly getting the message as she walked over to the boy and offered her hand. "Hi Sweetheart, why don't you come with me, so we can get you warmed up, and perhaps even find a toy on the way?" she suggested. She offered her hand, but the young scared boy just looked frighten on it before he got down on his own, and followed her. He still kept his hot chocolate with him, and Charlie's coat was like a cape on him that nearly reached the floor. As soon as they couldn't be seen anymore, I turned around and looked on Charlie, with questions burning in my eyes. "So, can you give me the full story?" I asked, and needed it if I should be able to communicate with the boy, or at least find out if something was wrong. "I don't even know the full story yet" admitted Charlie, as he leaned against the desk, deep in thought. "I was on a patrol with Roy, while Jeffery took care of the station, and suddenly we hear someone scream thief . We quickly put the lights on, and begin to chase a woman and her child who was running from the store manager with what looked like stolen food," he explained, and looked tired… like this was the end of the world. "It doesn't sound that horrible," I offered, but Charlie shook his head. "No stealing is one thing, but the mother was too fast for the child, and he falls… hitting the ground pretty hard. The manager grabs him before he can stand up again, and it stops the mother too, who we get before she can run again," he sighed. "Neither mother or child would say anything, so Roy and I decide to take them to the station to ask a few question. I stayed behind with the boy, to interview the manager, while Jeffery showed up to drive with Roy… just in case she tries to fight them on the way. We decided it was best to keep the child and mother apart, so she couldn't influence him to lie, so he stayed with me…" "Was he hurt in any way when he fell?" I questioned concerned, as I didn't really get what was so bad yet, but the child was my most important task right now. "No… not really, just a scrapped knee, and some bruises from what I can see, but he won't talk… so I don't know. Not to mention he was really cold when we got him. From witnesses I know he was waiting outside, while his mother tried to steal from the store, so if you could check his body temperature it would great. He won't let me or any of the cops near him… probably because he is afraid of us, otherwise I wouldn't have bothered you with this"