A/N: HEEY! New story, based off of Jane the Virgin! Tell me what you think! Follow, favorite, review… -RC (UPDATED as of 01/06/15) Every day, something tough happens, whether it's an accident or not, these bumps in life are something you just have to get over. For one Katniss Everdeen, that just might be a challenge. Let's go back to a young girl of ten, standing in her bedroom, grey eyes shining up at her grandmother. The girl's appearance everything her the woman is not. The not-so-elderly lady bends down passing off an immaculate white flower to the girl, it's center a deep plum. "Katniss," the kind woman says, "this is the flower you were named after. Isn't it lovely?" The grinning little girl nods excitedly, her face one of awe, as every child's is when seeing something new. She hold it in her hands, staring at it, wondering why she has been given this gift. Out of the corner of Katniss's eye, she sees her heavily pregnant mom sigh and roll her eyes at her mother's antics, "Really mom?" the blonde asks harshly before walking passed her daughter's room with a huff. Katniss ignores her mother, whom, at this time she'd been upset with, for a reason she cannot remember today. She turns back to the only real female role model she knows, raising her eyebrows in explanation. The aged woman smiles pleasantly, placing her hands underneath the girl's and pulling them towards her. "Look at this flower in your hand, Katniss." She whispers, "Notice how perfect it is," She leans forward, looking into the grey eyes intently, "how pure it is." She stand up, knees cracking in protest, and sits on the twin bed, tugging Katniss beside her. "Now, crumple it up." The head of thick brown curls snaps up quickly, eyebrows lifted. "Why?" she asks innocently, saddened by the thought of ruining this beautiful jewel. She looks into the blue eyes of her grandmother, the determination she sees makes her clench her fist around the three petals, rippling, wrinkling, and tearing the once immaculate pieces. She forces her eyes to meet the blue ones in front of her, lips pouting just slightly. "Good." She places a comforting hand on the girl's narrow shoulders, "Now, try to make it look new again." Katniss looks down at the flower, using one hand to flatten out the petals, and straighten the tearing, when she looks at her final product, she sighs, "I can't." "That's right. You can't." She sits up and kneels before her granddaughter, "Remember, my darling, you can never go back. And this is what happens when you lose your virginity, you can't get it back." The brunette nods roughly, eyes widened, "I just want what's best for you never forget this." and Katniss never did. Thirteen and a half years later… He kisses her roughly, caught up in the moment, passion fueling his every move. He runs his hands down her long toned thighs and across her back. He soon trails down her neck, nibbling on her collar bone. "Katniss." he pants when she quickly jerks away, fear in her eyes. He slowly removes his hands from her slender waist, realization dawning on him. "I- I think we should stop. For now." Her swollen lips in a tight line, chest heaving. He knew she was right but… damnit. He nods in reply, getting off her body reluctantly and standing beside the now-queen-sized bed. "I'm sorry." she tells him, dejected. Her tone shakes as she tells him, "I just can't. You know that, Gale." He shakes his head, clears his throat, and nods, "Yeah, yeah, I know." "Here," she smiles, fixing his rumpled shirt, "let me walk you out." The 23 year old then turned to the mirror, shifting her own mispositioned sleep shorts and tank top. Unbeknownst to her, he admires her ass while she does this. At the door, she gives him one last, passionate kiss, and laughs when they part. "Don't forget this." she says, handing him his badge with a small shy smile. "Thanks for coming by." she says, before pecking his lips again and opening the door. She shivers as the cold air hits her and wraps her arms around him in one last good-bye hug. "Katniss," comes a shout in the living room, "it's on!" They jump apart again and she ushers him out for good before running back inside. "Kat-" she begins again. "Prim!" yells back joking, telling her sister that she's right here, "Okay, so what'd I miss." Then, the 13 year old goes on and on about their favorite soap opera, how the two main characters in the show who are having a secret relationship decided to tell their spouses that they want a divorce. Katniss rolled her eyes, her motto always, 'If he's cheating with you, sometime in the near future, he'll probably cheat on you'. Of course, that's thinking in reality. Most likely in the show, the guy's wife will be murdered unexpectedly and he'll get blamed when it's really the butler or something just as dumb. Truthfully, she just used these shows as bonding time with her sister. Her ten year old self didn't take into account how little the sisters would have in common with the vast age difference, so she took any time she could get with Prim. Even if it was watching these crappy shows. Meanwhile… 8.2 miles away from where Katniss lives, stands a young man. His hands haphazardly crossed as he leans against the balcony railing. He sighs, looking down at the laughing pool party below him. He jumps when arms circle his waist. Delly giggles and he immediately untenses. "Baby, come inside." she purrs and he follows, not letting her see the look of sadness pass over his face. The childhood friends got married early. Fresh out of high school to be exact. Peeta always wanted kids and they'd had plans to build upon their family. They thought they had time. They didn't. Two years ago all their plans for future abruptly stopped when he was diagnosed. He'd never been much of a playboy but knowing he'd only have a few months left if the chemo didn't work, he tried to live life to the fullest. He didn't enjoy it. During or after. 6 months ago, the chemo worked, all the cancer was declared gone, but then he was told he was infertile and ever since he's been clinically depressed. Truthfully, he just wants to let Delly go. Let her live her life. But every time he brought it up, she'd shoot him down, telling him she loves him. "What are you thinking about?" she asks softly as he sits on the bed, back slouched and head in his hands. "If you're worrying about the hotel, you shouldn't. You know if anything happens your father will help." The blonde crawled across the bed, and tucked her head into his shoulder. He tried to feel something for her, but he just… couldn't. He turned around and hugged her back, staring behind her blankly. When they separated he gave her a look of uncertainty. "Peeta, he's happy to help." he shook his head and laid back in the bed turning away from her. You could say he's trapped in this marriage with a girl he barely feels for anymore. But that was just because he didn't feel much of anything now. He wishes she would just leave. She has had enough of him and his erratic behavior. "Delly?" he whispers after all the lights are out and he's alone with his thoughts. "Yes?" she asks hesitantly, looking at his muscled back in the darkness. "Do you still love me?" His voice is that of a little boy's, fragile and innocent. "Of course. I wouldn't be here if I wasn't." "We do have a pretty sweet prenup." he sighs and she laughs, tears almost forming in her eyes because he just made a joke. They lay in the darkness. Him, back facing her and blocking her out, and she lying towards his hulking body, reaching out to him. "Maybe Gale's gonna propose." Madge- almost- squeals. "Guys usually get all cheeseball before they propose." Katniss shakes her head with a small grin, "No way. You don't propose to a girl you've only been dating six months." The girl beside her shrugs, "I don't know, I mean you guys have known eachother for so long, he's like your best friend. And… you know, the whole… pure thing." Katniss rolls her eyes. "I'll have you know, I'm not pure, just a virgin." And they laugh. Katniss Everdeen works at a hotel. She wore a tight green dress and served drinks to the rich people who stayed at Mellark's. Which weirdly enough, had started as a bakery, then turned B&B, and was now one of the largest most expensive hotel chains in the nation. They were known to have the best food at a hotel ever. She's never tried it. Anyway, this was just a temporary job until she got her teaching degree. She planned on something fitness related, she wasn't 100% sure yet. "Everyone decent?" a rugged male voice called, running a hand through his cropped blonde hair. Madge quickly yelled no and ran around to the other side of the lockers. When she came back around, wearing her dress, and doneing red cheeks which Katniss couldn't decide if it was caused by anger or embarrassment, she growled at him, "Who the hell are you?" HIs eyebrows shot up his head at the girl in front of him and he calmly replied, "Cato Ludwig. But, all of you can call me Boss." he grinned evilly, at least that's what the brunette interpreted, as he flirted. "I work for the new manager." In his hands he held a bunch of straws and she almost groaned aloud at the prospect, "All of you are going to pick one, and this shouldn't be anything you have to worry about as long as you're outstanding at your job." When he walks up to Katniss and Madge, he has no qualms checking them out, all the way down to the toes and back. He walks back so he could see all ten of them and smirked. "Alright, let see those straws." She scowled at hers, shorter than the rest, and crossed her arms. Fuck. He walked up to her and grinned, "What's your name?' he asked confidently. "Katniss." she groans. "Okay, Kat. Congratulations, you get the tail." Fuck. An hour later, she sat out at the little island in the middle of the pool, mermaid costume hugging her slight curves, and smiling away. Of course, she wasn't really happy, just acting. Bubbles blew in her face and she held a bottle of champagne to refill the glasses of awaiting swimmers. Every now and then, she'd scowl, blowing the bubbles away from her face. "Peet," his older brother says sadly, "you're not happy. End it." "It's hard. She wants to stay together." He tells Rye, looking downcast, per the usual these days. "That doesn't mean you should. Or under any circumstances, have to" "I know, but it's not that I'm not happy with her. It's that I'm not happy." Rye just shrugged and looked away. The brothers sat outside, near the pool, getting looks from the women who recognized them. Neither didn't look back. "Look, bro, you've changed. And she just has to understand that. And, maybe it's not for the better, but it's okay, because you've had a tough couple of years. So, if you do get a divorce, it wouldn't be your fault." Peeta nods and with that Rye stands and leaves the younger Mellark alone, going home to his wife. He stretches when Katniss sees him, it's a rare moment to see his face up in the light and maybe it's due to that fact that she instantly recognizes him. She sees somebody hand him a champagne glass and