A/N: Hey guys! I'm not sure what this story is going to be yet. Either two/three shot or multi-chap. Give me your opinions. Anyway, you might want to read this , One, the story is in Peeta's POV in third person. I want to know if you guys think I should make in hop around or not. Glimmer, Cato, Clove, and Marvel all are referred to by their actors last names. You may have seen this before but it's like this: Glimmer Rambin Cato Ludwig Marvel Quaid Clove Fuhrman To avoid confusion, I also must tell you that Delly Cartwright is a multi-millionaire who works as Haymitch's secretary. The only one who knows is Haymitch. NO one else. It is later revealed in the story, but, I need to strain the fact that on Haymitch knows. Also, their agency is named P.E.R.L. It doesn't stand for anything. It's just a play on the pearl Peeta gives Katniss in Catching FIre . If you want, in your review or PM, you can give me an idea of what you think it should stand for. And, Gale will not alway be a giant douche. He's just like that for the time being. Oh, and for Gale fans, this story, is Everlark. No Galeniss. Johanna is Haymitch's niece too. You know, I just have to make it more confusing. And LASTLY, if any concepts seem familiar, it's because this story is very loosely based off of the TV show ARCHER. Follow, favorite, and review. And criticism is welcome. Disclaimer: I do not own The Hunger Games Trilogy or any concepts from the TV show Archer. -RC Peeta's Point of View He smiled brilliantly as he entered building. Each step was jovial. The bounce that followed him into the elevator was immediately sucked away upon entry. Her grey eyes glared at him, appearing more agitated than normal as she studied him. Her firm gaze held as he attempted to ignore the overwhelming grief that always swallowed him up upon sight of her. She was dressed in all black and her skin glistened with fresh sweat. He saw as she fidgeted, attempted to cover her bare stomach from his piercing gaze. In the end, she just crossed her arms in front of her sports-bra clad chest and huffed. Each floor they passed was agony. Lucky for him, he got off a floor before her, into their main offices. It was plain, he suspected because they had to keep up the facade of boring office. His mind lingered on her as he walked through the cubicles. His office was just up ahead but he sighed, remembering that he had to stop somewhere first. Taking a sharp left, and then a straight way to the still unmarked door, he prepared himself for the ghastly feat. "Mellark. Nice of you to finally show up." The man remarked gruffly. His steely gaze didn't really affect him anymore. He had graduated top of his class but it didn't matter because just two years later, Peeta became the highest ranking in the building. He definitely loathed him for having outscored him every test since he had joined P.E.R.L. To top it all off, he'd also been in a long term relationship with the guy's best friend. Who he was very much in love with, (just to mention). "Sir." Also, Hawthorne was technically his boss. He smiled politely, never giving him the satisfaction of knowing how much resentment he held inside. "You asked for me?" He knew that this was just another 'berating, with underlying shit about how you'd been screwing the woman who I'd claimed as mine but still refuses to give me the light of day because she only sees me as some brother-type-friend who has too many anger problems' conversation. "Well," he started in his ridiculously high pitch insinuating voice, "I was going through the monthly budget that Beetee handed into me this morning… And it says your company assigned card was used to purchase a few personal items on your last mission." Oh, crap. He didn't do that. He knew who had though. What the hell was he supposed to do? Blame it on someone else? As if, he would never feed Johanna to the shark. The Shark is what the people around the office called Hawthorne behind his back. "Um…" he was at a loss for words, "I'm not sure what charges I could've bought in Moscow." he cringed at the hint of annoyance he could hear in his own voice. His resolve was cracking. "It says here that it was mostly alcohol." He inwardly groaned. I guess being the niece of the head of the agency had it's perks. Oh, Johanna… "I can assure you sir, I purchased no such thing." He calmly replied. "Well…" Once again,ugh, with the voice , "you're assurance doesn't fix the problem. It was on your card, you pay it out of pocket." Peeta's teeth grinded and his body tensed. "Of course, sir." He was really starting to hate his obedient nature. "Dismissed." Gale shook his head in satisfaction and waved him away before going back to his paperwork. Ever since the guy had gotten his promotion, he'd been so tight stung. It used to be, Hawthorne this and Gale yada yada yada. Now it was sir . No if's, and's, or but's. Despite his mood however, the blonde spared another smile for the man's poor secretary. Madge gave him an apologetic look as soon as the door opened and he exited. He shrugged subtly and greeted her for the morning. His mood slowly returned as more faces met and talked with him. When he finally got into his office he was disappointed at it's unfamiliarity. Albeit, it'd only been a week since he'd gotten the position. He wanted something about this to feel right. He wasn't necessarily second guessing his decision to head this department, he just liked his old job. His attempts to make it feel like home were all lacking in success. It was too big. He'd sometime laugh at the irony that his office was bigger than Hawthorne's. He only still outranked him because of the 2 year head start, Peeta would catch up eventually. He sat in the too comfortable- if that was even a thing- office chair and picked up the manila folder. As he read through his next assignment he sighed sharply. He was head but 2nd was none other than Katniss Everdeen. He began to get restless sitting there so he decided to go down to the shooting range. Along the way, many of his coworkers waved and he, being you know- himself, had to at least courtesy-wave back. They all really loved him. It was 'just his nature' as she used to say. The unending goodness. They had three sub basements. One for the range, inventory, and -of course- testing. When the light above the doors dinged, he exited the car and was enveloped with the smell of gunpowder. He spotted her again, moments later, seemingly unafraid. Fierce. Defiant. Rebellious. Her nose crinkled as she focused on the target. She was dressed in black still, from practice. As much as he tried to not think about her and draw away, his eyes were attached to her figure. She didn't look pleased. Anger didn't really place it. She seemed... upset almost. He could barely see her eyes under the protective wear but from what he could tell, she was… no way… crying? If there was one fact on this planet that Peeta believed to be undoubtedly true, it was that Katniss Everdeen didn't cry. Not even under the most stressful and overwhelming situations. He saw now as she took a step back that her shoulders shook- only just- and he could hear her small whimpers. Her shallow even breathing was soon broken as a sob burst through her resolve. He saw her quickly run off, not ever noticing his presence. He was stunned to say the least. He wasn't sure what to do. So, he just picked up a gun. It was weirdly soothing. His coping mechanism. Well, apparently both of their coping mechanisms. He brain raced for something to comfort her. He'd been having to suppress many of these urges the past year. He still very much cared about her. But he didn't know why he'd still thought about these things a year after they broke up, or why it was so hard to be around her, or why when Gale Hawthorne threw his arm around her it made his blood boil. Nothing made sense when she was near. He shook his head and focused on the target as he geared up to shoot. He suddenly felt stuffed up so he set the arms piece down and began unfastening his suit jacket. After putting the article of clothing in a safe place, he rolled up the sleeves of his white button up. He sighed as the refreshing air encased his skin and he lined up to shoot again. He hands didn't shake, they weren't sweaty… he was never nervous. As he should be. He hit the target with every pull of the trigger, and was so caught up in the simple act that he didn't hear her tread in. Not too unlike the way she hadn't heard him come in the few minutes prior. Her head cocked to the side as she leaned against the door frame and watched the way his muscles pulled and stretched under his thin shirt. Or the way he smiled, ever so slightly when he hit his target. She'd grin right along with him. But soon, her face fell as if something dawned on her and she shuffled away, leaving him behind. When he was done, about an hour later, he made his way back to the offices. Their meeting was going to be starting in about 5 minutes, so he stopped by his office for the files and made his way to their grey, boring conference room. "Okay, guys." He started, looking around the room. Everyone was here. "I'm going to begin today with separating you guys by teams. Odair, Cresta, Blight, and Mason, you all are assigned to the bomb threat on a natural gas pipeline down in Florida." They were all fairly happy about that. It seemed Director Abernathy had a special hell place in his mind for Mellark. Finnick went up and grabbed the file. "Next, we have Ludwig, Quaid, Fuhrman, and Rambin. You guys have the Cartwright Manor heirloom to get back from some jewel thief up in Canada." No one in that group was really happy with him, not that it was his fault, he didn't choose the groupings. If he did, he certainly wouldn't have put himself with her. "And lastly, Me, Hawthorne, and Everdeen on the nerve gas bomb lost off the coast of Bermuda." And he looked out upon his peers, all giving his a solemn look and dismissed them. Then, as if planned, the 3 of them ran to the elevator and pushed the up button. Hawthorne, groaned waiting and as soon as it dinged, signifying that it was on their floor, he hopped in. He really had no patience. Katniss refused to look at either of them, favoring her shoes. And Peeta just sat calmly and patiently. As they waited, each fidgeting in a particular way, Peeta cleared his throat. "Everyone is going to 5, yes?" They nodded in affirmation and not another word was spoken. The short ride was agony and they all tumbled out of the car, and walked with a purpose toward his door. "I need to speak with Director Abernathy." The bubbly strawberry blonde spoke, "Oh, you must be his 9 O'clock." she smiled brightly and typed something into her computer. "Well, we didn't actually make appointments, Delly." He smiled warily. "No, no, no. Abernathy made it himself. It says here Everdeen and Mellark." Were they really that predictable? "I don't have