A/N: Please read. Hello, this is my 3 rd story. It's based off the pilot of one of my favorite shows: Fringe. I really hope I did it justice. Most of the dialogue is directly from the show. It you haven't seen it, I suggest you do. I would really like feedback. I'm not sure if I'll be continuing this story, so if you like it, please, say so. I will be updating my other stories soon. So in this Peeta is OOC because that is how Peter is in the show before he shows who he really is. There are some hints of his true character in this. If you like it and I continue, at some point, he'll be nicer. Anyway, despite the beginning of this story, if I continue, this will be completely Everlark. Katniss is a bit emotional but, given the ordeal she goes through, I'd expect as much. My OC is Walter. He's not really an OC. He's just Walter in the show. This isn't a crossover though. He's just the only character who I couldn't incorporate as someone from the books. I was thinking, if I were to continue, this story would be the first season, and I would make sequels for the other seasons. Please tell me what you think, I really need feedback. I do NOT own The Hunger Games Trilogy or and thing that involves the show Fringe. -RC The plane shudders as an electrical storm strikes its wings. The seatbelt light turns orange and everyone complies with its order. Hands clench the arms on their chairs, interracial seatmates attempt to interact, and an auburn haired man inhales acutely with unyielding shoulders. He bends down, putting his head between his knees, attempting to keep the panic at bay. Next to him, an older Indian man tries to calm him with talk of safety and the passing of this bump in the flight. After an uneasy response, he goes back to his book ignoring the troubled man once again. Then, a briefcase is lifted from between his legs and opened. Inside, rests an insulin pen. He takes out a cartridge of medicine, unbuttons the bottom half of his shirt, and injects the concoction. He very obviously unwell so, he gets out of his seat, despite the instability, and starts toward the bathroom. A flight attendant comes behind him to force the man back into his chair as they hit a rough patch of turbulence. He stumbles along in palpable pain as the falls to his knees. The woman grabs his shoulder to yank him back into a standing position and back to his feet when she sees his face. His skin slips loosely from his face, liquefying in front of her. Her screams alarm the other passengers. They continue as the infection spreads. The cabin darkens due to the storm as the horrid images remain. Eventually the plane lands hours after with no survivors. She sighs as her head hits the pillow, sheets draped around her body. Her skin is glowing, glistening as an easy smile slips on to her face. The crummy motel bed squeaks around him as he sits up to see her face. "Oh, my god…" She laughs. "What?" He asks while brushing away a strand of her hair from her face. "This bed, it's the loudest I've ever heard." Another smile erupts on her face and her grey eyes scan his face. "Better than that seminar though." "Oh, that was horrible!" "I know. I just kept watching you, ignoring Chief's droning on and on." "Am I supposed to take that as a compliment?" She giggles. "I actually had to turn my chair away from you so people wouldn't notice." Her face changes drastically, happiness changing into sadness. "We can't keep sneaking around like this…" She groans. "I know. It is rather unfortunate to know the manager at this hotel by name but just being with you, however briefly, makes my day." She kisses him again and it quickly gets passionate. Just as they're about to have another go, his cell rings, interrupting their bliss. He sits up and she watches the muscles of his back flex and move. "Agent Gale Hawthorne." He says into the phone, "Are there any more details? ... Okay, yes sir… Be there soon." He hangs up and turns back to the woman lying in bed waiting for him. She looks at him questioningly and he responds, "Incident at Logan. We have to go." She nods her head sadly and stands to get dressed. He drinks in the view as, he himself, attempts to look presentable. He goes to the door and she meets him, "I'll see you soon," They share a long, desire filled kiss, and he turns to leave. Just before he's out the door and loses his courage, he utters three little words. "I love you." He leaves with a second glance. She stands rigid, after taking in a short gasp. Her hand meets her mouth, covering her smile. Then, her phone rings. She picks it up, composes herself, and answers. "Agent Katniss Everdeen." Logan Airport Flakes of snow rain down against the black sky. The runway is lit up, Katniss stands with red cheeks and a large scarf wrapped around her neck. She stands in line with a dozen other Federal Agents arguing protocol. She walks right past them, her flowing braid getting whipped around by the wind, and makes her way to Agent Johanna Mason. "What's up?" "Just basking in the beauty of inter-agency harmony and cooperation." She sarcastically replies. "Alright, the scoop. Hamburg flight loses contact 3 hours in. It entered our air space with no communication. We sent in jet escorts who reported stains on widows and no signs of life." "Stains?" She nods, "Organic matter." "And they let it land? Who was controlling it? Autopilot?" "Yep, and it landed right on time. Unlike every flight I've ever taken." They share a quick smile. Behind them, a black van pulls up and out comes Gale Hawthorne talking on the phone. "Believe me; we'll be happy to treat you as family too!" He says calm but harsh. She smiles at him in a friendly way and the 3 of them greet each other. They turn at the noise of a loud whistle. In front of them stands a scruffy, under groomed man who has a sense of power to him. "Hello, I'm Special Agent Haymitch Abernathy, D.C. sent me to overlook this case. It will be run through Homeland Security and all decisions must be authorized by me first. As soon as the last team gets here, select individuals will go into the aircraft in hazmat suits. From CIA: Leevy, FBI: Mason, Hawthorne…" Katniss tunes out the rest of the names, disturbed by the news. She runs after Abernathy. "Um, Agent Everdeen, FBI Inter-Agency liaison." "Yeah, I know who you are." He sighs. "With all due respect, sir, but, I'd like to -" "A liaison on a task force." He grumbles. "Excuse me sir, but I'd prefer my information first hand." She says sternly. "You want to go in, Liaison? Suit up!" An hour later, Katniss stands with the small team, listening to the large locked door unhinge and the hiss of decompression. She steps through, shining a flash light at the carnage. Skeletons line the seats, their guts piled on the floor of the cabin, a colorful splatter all along the walls. Katniss's eyes widen at the gory scene, her breathing uneven. Johanna notices and asks, "You okay, Everdeen?" She nods quickly. A line of cars are backed up on the highway. A dark truck is checked and the same auburn haired man asks, "What's going on?" The guard with the flashlight shines it in his face. "Nothing you need to concern yourself with, move along." The man nods but, smirks after passing. The media had gotten wind of the Logan flight. People were a buzz at the office, shouting out suggestions and new information. Any thought Katniss had was shot down by Abernathy. Mason walks up behind her. "A guard at a storage facility reports he saw a 'Middle Eastern looking man' hand a white guy a briefcase." "There you go, liaison. Go check that lead out." Katniss huffs and asks, " That? That's what I'm to investigate?" "Yes, now's your time to liaise . She scowls and adds, "While I'm out, do you want me to pick up your dry cleaning, too?" She gets a few astonished looks from her co-workers. Abernathy laughs and tilts his head back. "Yeah, would you mind?" She grabs her jacket and huffs. Together, she and Gale slip out to inspect the storage units. The whole time she grumbles about Haymitch, "The guy's pissed at me because his best friend rapes three girls and I put him away! How does that make me the bad guy, I mean-" He stops her rambling with a kiss and when they break apart she smiles and looks up at him, "You said you loved me…" "Well, you didn't say it back so I didn't make say anything." "You said you loved me… that was a big deal… Alright, I've never been good at this so, here goes… What I wanted to say was I love you, too." He smiles and lifts her up by her waist, hugging her closely. The move to a nearby storage unit and see it's locked. Gale kneels down and starts to pick the lock. "What are you doing?" She asks. "What are you doing? I'm a Federal Agent." He replies. She smiles. They continue to check to units, finding only junk, until they come across a makeshift lab. It's full of rats and test tubes. They walk inside to see 3 mutated animals and some hazmat suits. "We need to get Chemical Transport out here now." "I'm on it." She walks outside to get better signal. Gale continues opening units until he hears a noise behind him. The auburn haired man stands behind him for just a split second before he runs away. Gale runs in pursuit until he sees Katniss. He yells for her to come and help. She chases after the two and when they make a loop back to the labs, the man pulls out a detonator, and blows Gale and the labs up. Katniss is propelled back, her phone still dialing for back up. Her eyes slowly open to white lights. She stands up and looks around. She's in the hospital. Panicked, she begins asking, "Gale! Where's Agent Hawthorne?! Is he alright?!" Her question is answered only with sad looks. "Ms. Everdeen, you were very lucky today. Your wounds could have been much more severe-" Katniss stands and heads for the door, "I came in with a man- Where is he?!" "Miss, Agent Hawthorne, along with the injuries he sustained from the blast, was exposed to a synthetic compound that must've been a part of the work done in those labs-" "Can something be done about it?!" "The doctors here- they've never seen anything like it." They lead her out the room and down the hallway. She is in scrubs and has a mask around her face. All very sterile surroundings. "What he has, it's not contagious, it's just best to keep Agent Hawthorne away from other contaminants." She walks into the cold room to see him. His skin is clear and she can see every muscle and vein inside his body. "We've lowered his core temperature to slow the progress of this… disease." She goes up and takes hold of his freezing hand. She stares at his face for a while until, in a break of character for her, tears stream down her face silently. "Agent Everdeen, if nothing is done… he will die in a week's time. He only has so long before his organs shut down…" Federal Building Katniss sits in her office, hair tied up in a bun and out