Hi, I hope you'll like this first chapter of Illusion , a fanstory about Tom Marvolo Riddle and an original character in the fabulous world of Harry Potter. English isn't my first langage, so please, don't be rude with me : if you see any mistakes or whatever is you observation, tell me (I'm looking or a beta-reader, if a lovely soul can help me contact me) ! That's help the author a lot. Disclamer to J.K Rowling. Sweet dreams are made of this Who am I to disagree? I travel the world And the seven seas, Everybody's looking for something — Sweet Dreams , Eurythmics Friday, September 1st 1944, 7:34 P.M. ″ Miss Erah Lewis Jones, your academic record is full and your skills can just bring us more prestige ! ″ Said Dippet, putting the letter in his desk. ″ I'm sure Hogwarts will become your second house ! ″ ″ I hope too, sir.″ ″ And, if I can allow myself to ask you, why did you do this decision? Left your school, left your country so quickly for Hogwarts is very sudden. ″ ″ In fact″ begin the young girl with a smooth and polite voice, courteous learned from the great family of the society. ″ I wish enlarge my magic level, my knowledge, I want to learn magic things more than anyone else ; my choice brings me here, in Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardy, because, the reputation of the school is better than Salem Witches' Institute.″ ″ Good choice ! ″ Declared Dippet, with a smile under his brown mustache who begins to be grey. The Headmaster takes his wand on the desk, under his hand and quickly waved it. Immediatly, a used hat left one of the shelf and came on the desk noiseless. The eyes of the american girl goes on the hat, curiously. Dippet explained. ″ Our school is divided on four houses with names of the great founders : Gryffindor, Ravenclaws, Hufflepuffs and Slytherin. According to your own quality, the Sorting Hat will put you in a house. Please, Miss Jones, take it. ″ Erah moved her hands forwards the hat, took it carefully before putting the hat on her head slowly. Smoothness in her gestures, in her move. The dark covered her look, and a nasty voice came in her ears. « A vast mind, and terrible goal. You are made for Ravenclaws, but this house can take you where you want, no. You need more, more ambitious and more terrible for the success. Slytherin ! » ″ Slytherin ? The Slytherin reputation will grow up again, your best student is in Slytherine too, said Dippet, excited with the idea of welcomed a new student with precious and hopeful knowledge.″ Put off the Sorting Hat of her head, a quickly smile without feels on her face, she noted her head watching him moving his wand again : two little paper moved, flying over them a moment before flying away. Erah didn't look the papers — notes for people, she waited for the Headmaster to continue. ″ There is your schedule ″ he picked another paper and gave it to girl. ″ Tell me, Miss Jones, what is your favorite class ? ″ ″ Well, I guess Charm is my favorite class. ″ ″ That's all ? ″ Asked curiously the Headmaster, he informed her with a laugh. Just Charm ? ″ You will see, in Hogwarts, there are many class about different subject like Astronomy, Herbology and even Muggle Studies. ″ Erah looked her schedule carefully, and checked her main class : Charm, Potions and Transfiguring. ″ Sir ″ she begins, having his attention, with a little smooth smile. ″ In Salem Institut Witches, I didn't learn Potions class, is that a problem ? ″ ″ Of course not, my dear. That is not a problem ! The professor Slughorn, your Headteacher, will be happy to help a student. ″ ″ Sure ″ she answered, letting her smile growing on her pale lips. ″ I hope so. ″ Their attention were disctract by two students coming in the office. Dipper smile, and stand up, welcoming students with a smile and asked them to take a place next to Erah with a move of his hand. They were dressed with the same green and grey striped tie. ″ Good evening, I've asked you because I want you to know our new student, he turned his head on Erah. Miss Jones, here is Mister Riddle and Miss Mc. Leod, prefects of Slytherin. If you have any questions or need, please ask them. ″ ″ I am Elianna Mc. Leod, said the girl with a smile to Erah. And here is Tom Jedusor, we'll be happy to help you. ″ ″ Thank you, thanked the american girl to the other girl. ″ Dippet clapped his hands together, and said to his students. ″ Well, I think that all for the moment ! Elianna and Tom will show you the way to the Great Hall for the Start-of-Term Feast and to your dorm, I'll see you later Miss Lewis. ″ They stand up together, Elianna took the arm of Erah — arm in arm like best friends, and literally ran away from the Headmaster with a quick good bye. Riddle just nodded quietly, before following girls a bit annoyed. The news of a new student excited her maybe too much, a new potential friend and girl around her. Friday, September 1st 1944, 8:07 P.M. ″ And here is the Great Hall ! ″ Almost yelled the blond head to the american girl with excitement. Erah nodded, again. She nodded at every room or place Elianna showed her, without a world. Riddle didn't say anything, he let the prefect Slytherin girl do the visit of Hogwarts Castle. When they came in the Great Hall, he noticed that Miss Jones, didn't said anything. ″ I won't be rude, Miss Jones ″ he suddenly said to the girl who was watching the area. ″ But I didn't heard your name. ″ ″ Yes, right you didn't ″ responded Erah glanced to the boy. ″ He's right, Jones, what's your name ? ″ Asked Elianna, curious about the name of the new student. She didn't noticed that before too. Erah's eyebrows frowned together, but she answered after quickly second. ″ Lewis. ″ ″ Lewis ? ″ Repeated Miss Mc. Leod. But isn't that a boy's name ? ″ No, that's too a girl name ″ lied Erah to them. ″ Oh, that's so a pretty name ! ″ Merlin, she was so annoying and girly. Erah smiled, without feels to her. The first years weren't here yet, but soon. Riddle moved in first, making his way to the Slytherin table following by Elianna and Erah. Immediately, all look were on Erah. She passed out, making her way on her house. Elianna grabbed Erah's arm, pointed other girls on the table but, she was stopped by a male voice. ″ Elianna, let her take a breath ! ″ Erah looked on the boy, were Riddle was sitting next. He pointed a free sit next to him. ″ You are the new student, right ? I'm Sean Avery, come sit with us. ″ ″ Avery, she will sit with us ″ said Elianna before Erah could open her mouth. ″ Come on, darling, why she would sit with you in your chicken coop ? ″ The face of Elianna turned on red, she finally let Erah's arm and moved away from him. Erah sighed, pleased to be free of the girly girl. Avery made her a move, inviting her to sit. The black hair did, and immediately, he laughed. ″ Hell, did you see her face ? ″ He laughed with the other boy on the table, before calm down and said to Erah. ″ I save you from the terrible Elianna, I'm your saviour. ″ ″ Yes, you are ″ agreed the girl with a glanced to Elianna. The prefect girl's face was flushed and her eyes sparkling with anger to Avery and Erah. She looked away, safe of the annoying girl. ″ By the way, what's your name ? You probably are from a great family if theSorting Hat told you Slytherin. ″ ″ Lewis Jones.″ ″ Sounds a bit Muggleborn, no ? ″ Frowned a girl, in the front of Avery. She scanned Erah, looking for Muggle triviality but did not found anything. ″ Jones is a powerful wizard family in America, Lestrange, everybody knew that ″ informed a blond head next to the girl, the boy rolled her eyes on Erah and presented himself with a sharp smile. ″ I am Abraxas Nicholas Malefoy, and here is Elizabeth Lestrange. ″ ″ Elizabeth Lucinda Mary Lestrange , Abraxas, corrected the girl with a high smile. She was proud of her name, just the way she pronounced tell to Eraheverything. I'm from the purest fam—″ ″—Don't forget us ! ″ Called a melodious voice next to Erah, she turned her head to see a girl smile to her. ″ I am Eve Rosier, and this two guys are Orion Black and Antonin Dolohov. ″ ″ Nice to meet all of you ″ said Erah in a smoothness voice. She didn't say more, but Rosier say, curious as was Elianna few minutes before about her name. ″ Your name, Lewis, is strange for a girl. But sounds good anyway. ″ ″ Abraxas, how did you know about Lewis's family name ? ″ Asked Orion Black. Hewas quiet since the beginning of the conversation. ″ Well ″ begins the pure-blood boy. ″ My grandfather once told me about all the great family of wizards in the world. There was the Jones name. ″ Erah listened them speaking about her and her family name. But when the Headmaster Dippet stand up his chair, looking for the attention of every students in the Great Hall, they shut up and looked him, waiting for his usual speech. ″ Good evening everyone, you are all welcomed for a new year in Hogwarts School of Witchcrafts and Wizardry, all students applauded his first words. ″ He raise his hands, asking quietly for the silence. ″ I hope this year will be good for every student and for every houses. Without delay, welcome to our first years. ″ The doors of the Great Hall opened on a massive group of children, the first years. In the front of them, a teacher, but Erah didn't really notice him. Another teacher with half-moon glasses and a blue wizard dress according to his little white bear, next to the Headmaster, sit up and walked on the Sorting Hat. The Sorting Hat was waiting on a chair. The teacher called the first years, reading the name of the child on a paper. ″ Coralise Arzhela. ″ Immediately, a young girl advanced and sat on the chair. The Sorting Hat was put on her head as Erah did few minutes , or maybe ten seconds later, the used hat yelled on the Great Hall the name of the house. ″ Gryffindor ! ″ Gryffindor students applauded her new mate and she quickly moved on the table with the red and slivers colors. Erah noticed out of the corner of her eyes Rosier moving for whispering her something in her ears. ″ That's Dumbledore, the Headteacher of Gryffindor. You'll see, all the Gryffindor students are annoying as Elianna can be. You're lucky to be in the Slytherin house, Lewis. Trust me. ″ The black hair nodded before focused again on the Sorting Hat. She didn't pay too much attention to the house, watching the face of the child. When a young boy was sorted in Slytherin, they applauded with enthusiasm : a pure-blood, of course. And the ceremony goes on and the end, there were five girls and two boys for Ravenclaws house, six boys and five girls for Gryffindor