Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban: The Godfather Author's Note: So, if any of you have never seen this story or this name before, that is because I am new to . If you have, than that means you're probably a stalker and have unexplainable access to my Google account. All jokes aside, I first want to thank you for clicking on this. It's taken me awhile to become confident enough in my abilities to actually post my work, and I am grateful to those who are giving it a chance. That being said, there is very good reason for my insecurities. I am an amatuer writer, and thus I ask that you, my lovely readers, treat me as such. Meaning, if my stories are absolute shit, please tell me what is wrong in a civil manner in the form of constructive criticism so that I can rectify it. Good? Good. Disclaimer: If you can't tell by my writing style, I am most definitely not JK Rowling (pronounced "rolling" by the way, for anyone else who was in a crisis over it for the longest time). Because of this, I also do not own any of the characters, locations, or pretty much anything recognizable to the wonderful franchise of Harry Potter . I only own my plot. Thank you. PROLOGUE. "Black." Black shuddered as a gloved hand reached down, took his chin, and tugged it up. Refusing to cooperate, he shut his eyes. There was a disappointed feminine sigh, and he dug his nails into his palms. "Open your eyes, Black. Or they'll be sewn shut." Slowly, gulping as he did so, Black opened his eyes to look into those of his captor, the man who had doomed him to this tiny, lightless cell. The piercing blue eyes glittered with a cruel satisfaction, but there was no change in the perfectly presentable man's demeanor otherwise. In fact, he looked so normal and obviously professional in his insultingly crisp navy blue dress robes, tie, shiny leather dress shoes, and perfectly trimmed toothbrush mustache, that, on chancing upon him walking down the street, one would probably remark what a well-mannered, upstanding, and productive citizen he was. All this was true, of course. But he was also cruel, unmerciful, cold, and just a bit of a sadist. Black had found this much out very quickly. "You have been in Ministry possession for seven years..." the man began. "And yet, you have not given us any information, submitted to authority, or even admitted to your crimes." This was said in a tone of disgust, as though the man was supposed to sell himself out. Pity this wasn't America; Black had thought on occasion. He believed that they had an amendment against this sort of thing- but then again, interrogation by torture wasn't legal in Great Britain, and yet, the Ministry of Magic was still corrupt enough to disregard that. Who was to say they would care of their other laws in place? As long as they got what they wanted and looked good doing it, these people were satisfied. It was disgusting. "We are growing very impatient, Filth!" interrupted a blustery, red-faced young man whose fists were yanking agitatedly on a ridiculous green bowler hat as though he would very much like to rip something apart or strangle someone‒ preferably Black. Black himself breathed deeply through his nose, collecting what little of his sanity he had left to slowly turn his head to this man, who seemed, to him, an obnoxious fly. He fixed cold, haunted grey eyes on the Fly, boring into the man's shamelessly indignant ones. Almost immediately the man shuddered, face twisting into a revolted grimace at the emaciated prisoner's piercing stare, and stepped back a few paces. His fiddling grew more anxious than irritated, and he sat back down from the balls of his feet unsteadily. "Don't look at me, Filth," he spat, just a twinge of nervousness in his booming voice. "You aren't fit to lick my boots," he added distastefully. The crisply dressed man, who seemed to be in charge despite his technical lower ranking than his companions, aimed a rather impatient look at the Fly. Black smirked cockily, a tribute to his old self what seemed like millennia ago, something he rarely did here in this hellish nightmare. When he did, it was always steeped in bitterness, but it held amusement all the same. It seemed that he wasn't the only one who was annoyed by the Fly; it was rather entertaining, watching his captors all butt heads. It seemed that the only thing they agreed on was making his life as completely and utterly miserable as possible. "Cornelius," the man still holding up Black's chin in an iron grip said cordially enough, with just enough firmness to make Cornelius, for that was the Fly's name, listen. "We do not have time to expend on arguing with the Death Eater Scum." The man's eyes danced as he sneaked a mocking glance to the side at Black out of the corner of his eyes. Black grit his teeth and remained unblinking and emotionless as stone. He didn't care enough anymore to rise to the bait; not after eight years of hell, eight years of being treated like worse than dirt and having his soul drained by the dementors. He had stopped caring, stopped feeling much of anything at all except agonizing grief, rage, and, for lack of a better word, heartbreak, after James Potter had died. Once his brother had passed on, Black had gone with him, leaving behind but an empty, hollow, tortured shell of a man just barely holding onto sanity. One boy, one small child, was the only thing keeping him from trying to kill himself again‒ something that the guards of Azkaban were prepared for now, after he had tried to stab his lungs with a crude shank and drown himself in his own blood years ago, back in the beginning of this nightmare. Now, he was not allowed to leave his cell and was chained tightly to the wall with strength sapping chains that encircled his wrists, neck, waist, and feet and left him awfully drowsy and hardly able to move a muscle. His wardens' voices drifted into his brain slowly, sounding like they were coming from far away. "Let me handle this. We will get a confession out of him yet, and then we will be rid of this nuisance." Cornelius looked rather sulky, clutching onto his bowler hat the way a small child would with a blanket or teddy bear, but still halfheartedly slunk back to the front of the dingy cell and stood uncomfortably close to the rusting, slimy iron bars, shooting Black a dirty look as he did so. The older man turned back to Black, caught his now even wider and lazier smirk, and jerked his chin back around to face him, steering his attention away from the Minister of Magic. "Wipe that smirk off your face, Black," he spat venomously, digging his fingers into the emaciated man's chin where bruises were beginning to form. "Or do you want to spend a week in the Box? We can even give you another little taste of the brank‒ that will loosen your tongue up nicely, I believe." Black shuddered violently before he could stop himself, memories of tight spaces with stale air and cold metal bands encasing his muscles and keeping them from even twitching flooding his senses. The Box was quite possibly the most terrifying psychological torture in the prison, apart from the dementors. A two by two by six foot metal box, it was made to cause temporary insanity through desensitization and extreme confinement in its prisoners, who were first restrained with enchanted iron bands around their eyes, ears, mouth, neck, shoulders, chest, wrists, upper and lower arms, stomach, hips, upper and lower legs, ankles, hands, and feet that molded to fit the victim's form upon contact. The cruel restraints were tight enough to crush bones or permanently mutilate the flesh covering them‒ Black's right arm was weirdly skinnier than his left after it was crushed his first time with the bands, when he had struggled too much. They tightened until the victim passed out if they dared to move, and did not ever loosen to the degree that they had been when first administered, half-suffocating them and heightening hysteria, which made hyperventilating extremely painful and uncomfortable. Black, having developed claustrophobia during his abusive childhood of being locked in closets and starved by his dark parents, had experienced the sensation his first time in the bands. No matter how Black attempted to ready and gather up his mind, it always got to him in the end. A bit like that muggle game, Chinese finger traps, where the more one tried to fight their way out of it, the worse it trapped them. And the brank itself was a whole other can of worms that Black did not want to open; a gruesome, bloody torture in and of itself. Black wiped his face clean as a slate. Mr. Perfectly Normal smiled superiorly. "Now... Continuing on. Your refusal to cooperate with the Law Enforcement, Black, has caused severe, rather obnoxious and messy issues in the department. People are starting to ask questions. Mrs. Bones has been particularly insistent on viewing your... Ah, trial records..." he smiled nastily at this, picture perfect composure cracking momentarily to give way for the darkness it disguised so well. Mr. Perfectly Normal knew full well that his prisoner had never been given a trial, or even questioned before being shipped off to Azkaban; in fact, he had ordered that it be so himself, convinced of Black's guilt by what he had seen with his own two eyes. There had been no real need for a trial in the man's mind; and, besides, the public wanted someone behind bars for that atrocious crime; they were scared out of their wits, and the Ministry was responsible for keeping even the muggle population at ease. Especially the muggle population. And yet Mr. Perfectly Normal still taunted Black with this well kept secret, still found a cruel joy out of dangling the knowledge in front of the man and rubbing it in Black's face. Black himself had become surprisingly well-versed in the art of patience, something his past self had never tolerated, and had learned to leave Mr. Perfectly Normal's little game alone. The sallow, waxy face did not even twitch. It was far away, yet still rather interested in this information. People were actually asking after him? Inquiring about the wellbeing and rights of Voldemort's most infamous supporter? The worst traitor, the most evil murderer other than the Dark Lord himself? Peculiar. It sounded like a load of bullshit to Black, and yet he still could not help but listen just a little closer, and wonder... Wonder, ponder, consider, but not hope. Hope had never stepped foot in this cell, on this unforgiving, remote island of the guilty and hopeless. Still, Black pondered as his captor spoke. "Surely you can understand how bothersome this is," Mr. Perfectly Normal was saying, as if expecting his tortured victim to sympathize with his plights. "If word gets out that you didn't have a trial, there would be some eccentrics such as Madam Bones who would raise an outcry, as well as the less educated and less aware public. Unfortunately, such an uproar could very likely stir up distrust within the government and even jeopardize the Department." Black snorted. The Department, of course. Not Crouch. Not Fudge, or Umbridge, the power hungry toad. Crouch was concerned for the good of the public, of the Ministry‒ not his own seat on the pyramid. "And so..." Crouch, the perfectly normal man with the perfectly normal job, paused, tilting his head unnervingly and studying Black, bringing the man's chin close to his face, boring into the grey eyes. "We need a confession, don't