Torn Asunder Chapter One: The King's Message O-o-O "I will not sanction this!" The angry growl of King Thranduil's voice echoed through the halls, and elves glanced up, some in alarm and others in amusement. What had their prince done now to ignite his father's wrath? For Legolas, prince of Greenwood the Great, formerly known as Mirkwood, had returned home after an absence of eleven years as he was away fighting the War of the Ring and helping to rebuild Middle-Earth, and even on his first week back he was already quarreling with his father. "No, Adar, I beg you, please reconsider this!" "My mind is set, Legolas. I have warned you many times, but you have turned a deaf ear. This time, you will not sway me with promises that you do not keep." Legolas paced his father's throne room with desperation in his steps; his eyes were bright with unshed tears and his voice frantic. "Cannot I convince you to stay your hand?" "My decision is final." Thranduil replied, his voice steely. In his heart he ached to see Legolas so agitated, but he deemed this a necessary sacrifice. "You will carry this message to him." Legolas' head whipped up, eyes aflame. "No, Adar ! Please! Do you not care for peace after all these years? Are you not weary of all the battles? You cannot ask this of our people, not now, not when they are planning to soon sail! Our people long for rest, and they have more than deserved it. How can you deny them peace? You cannot do this to them! You cannot do this to me ! Saes, Adar ! Do you love your only son so little?" Thranduil was a loving father, yes. He cared for Legolas very much, even more so since his wife sailed. And it was out of this love that he acted now. True, as hard as it was for Thranduil to admit it, Legolas was no longer a child. His only son had grown up to be a wise elf, capable of making the right choices. And yet, in this matter the prince was blinded, unable to see clearly what was best for him. But in his father's heart Thranduil knew what was best for his child. Yes, perhaps his decision would hurt Legolas now, but it would save him decades of anguish in the future. He knew that it would be hard for his son to obey, but he was not only Legolas's father. He was his king too. He would issue and order and the prince would abide by it. He had to. The Elven-king's voice was stern and authoritative as he commanded, "Go. Go and tell him, and be sure to return with news. This will be our final stand on Middle-Earth…the last stand of the Elves before they sail." Legolas stared at his father and king with dismay. "Would that I have never come back to Mirkwood," he spat out the name with disgust. "Then perhaps, we might have been spared. Alas, this day is dark indeed. Farewell, Adar. I will return, but not to home. This place bears nothing more in my heart. I will return to my king only out of duty, for the father I knew and loved is lost." And with that, he spun on his heel and walked out of the throne room, head held high. Thranduil could only watch his son's rigid form walking away with a heavy heart. It is for the best, and he will understand that someday. O-o-O Two and a Half Weeks Later O-o-O There was a knocking at the door. Aragorn looked up from his paperwork. "Enter," he called. Steward Faramir stepped into the study, and his eyes were unreadable as he said, "Prince Legolas of Greenwood has just arrived, my lord. He has requested for an audience." "Granted," the king nodded to Faramir, who turned and ushered in the elf, before excusing himself. Aragorn rose from his chair and greeted his longtime friend. "Legolas, mellon nin. It is good to see you, of course, but I remember you telling me not to expect you for the next six weeks. What changed your mind?" The elf prince looked exactly as he had when he left Minas Tirith over a month ago, but Aragorn saw in his eyes that Legolas was upset. He walked around the table to the elf, his tone urgent. "Legolas, what's wrong?" The prince's voice was frighteningly flat as he sidestepped the question and said, "Please ask Faramir and Arwen to come here. They have a right to hear my message." Aragorn was confused, but he directed Legolas to a chair before striding to the door and ordering one of the guards to fetch them both. His friend's words had worried him. He could see how disturbed the elf was; the news could not be good. They waited in silence. It could not have been more than a few minutes before footsteps were heard approaching the door, but to Aragorn it seemed as if ages had passed. The sooner he learned what was happening, the better. He quickly opened the door to admit Faramir before the steward had even knocked. Faramir greeted the two royals, but he had not even moved to stand at one side when the door flew open again and Arwen glided in, her dark eyes showing both curiosity and concern. When she caught sight of Legolas, Arwen smiled and walked forwards to pull him into a hug that he returned only half-heartedly, before stepping back. " Gwador! I am glad to see you back in Minas Tirith." Arwen turned to her husband. "Estel, why did you summon me?" Aragorn glanced at Legolas, but when the prince offered no answer, replied, "Legolas has an urgent message to deliver, and he has asked that the both of you hear it." "Do tell, Legolas. I am most curious." Arwen said, looking at the elf prince searchingly. "I am sure we all are." Aragorn muttered. Legolas looked at their expectant faces and had the sudden urge to run away, to hide, to be anywhere but here. He hated himself for the pain he was going to cause his friends with his next words. His friends… this was the last day he could refer to them as such. For the message he would now speak would sever the ties of friendship forever. Reluctantly, he began. "I have some very…upsetting news, to which I can find no explanation save that I have utterly failed you in our friendship, Aragorn." "Failed our friendship? What is this?" Aragorn asked, astonished. "You are my best friend, my brother in all but blood. There is no way—" "My king has heard the Call." Aragorn froze, and both Faramir and Arwen stiffened. All three mortals standing in Aragorn's study understood the significance of this Call. The prince ignored their reaction and continued, "He plans to sail soon, and has requested—no, demanded—for me to join him." Aragorn felt a sharp ache stab his heart. So this was the message Legolas had come to deliver. The elf would sail. He had only come to Minas Tirith to say a final goodbye. Aragorn briefly closed his eyes and took a deep breath, angry at himself. Yes, the elf's departure would hurt him badly, but he had always felt that his desire to have Legolas by his side was selfish. He had to consider what was best for his friend, even if it would tear his soul apart. Arwen had given up her immortality for him, a mortal. Would he be so selfish as to ask Legolas to suffer the Sea-longing until he passed away, and even then, for the elf to grieve his death? Aragorn's throat felt dry as the sands of Harad and he struggled to find his voice. "I have told you before, mellon, " Aragorn stumbled over his words. " I will not hold you here against your wishes…sail if you must. I know that the Sea-longing has tormented you for many a year, yet you stay and suffer for me. If this is your father's wish…I—I will let you go." Legolas turned and held Aragorn's gaze. For a long moment, they stood still, each seeing his own torment reflected in his friend's eyes. "I refused to sail." "What?" Arwen exclaimed, shocked. "I refused to sail." Legolas repeated calmly. "I made you a promise, Aragorn, and I intend to keep it: I will not sail until after your passing." "Then…what is the matter now?" Aragorn cried, frustrated, tearing his gaze from the elf prince. His friend's last statement filled his heart with overwhelming relief and bittersweet sorrow at the same time, but it did nothing to alleviate his worries. It was obvious that Legolas was greatly distressed by the news he was bearing, but if it was not about his departure, than what could it be? "King Thranduil was very displeased when he discovered the reason I refused his demand. He knows that I too have heard the Call and he is none too happy, for as he sees it, it is our friendship that keeps me here. And he is not entirely wrong." Legolas sighed. "I have tried to reason with him, but the king is blind and deaf to all else but the Call. Once I had swayed him with my words, but now he is immovable. He is very determined that I should sail when he does, and this has resulted in quite a few arguments. And…my father has taken the most drastic measure to ensure that I will follow him." Here Legolas paused and turned his eyes to the ground. He wished his message could end here and that he would not have to deliver the final part, but he knew this was not to be. All this was happening because of him and it was his responsibility to face the consequences and to deliver the news to his friend. "What is it?" Aragorn asked, dreading the answer. "Does Thranduil intend to drag you on the ships? Is he going to—" "He has declared war on Gondor." A stunned silence followed this announcement. Faramir was the first one to react, for his king and queen had frozen. His voice was strangled but he managed to say, "But that is impossible! Whatever your father has against my lord Elessar, he cannot rouse the elves to fight on such a reason! And are your people really going to suffer war again, even after the Enemy has been defeated for nigh on a decade? Surely they will not stand for this! They cannot do this!" Legolas looked at Faramir sadly, almost pityingly. "I do not recognize King Thranduil as my father any longer. His thoughts are completely bent on the Sea—I cannot reason with him as I once did. Thranduil has lived on Middle-Earth for far too long; he wishes to find rest in Valinor, and since my mother sailed, he has longed to follow her. He will do anything to ensure that I—as his son and crown prince—follow him into the West, and he will obliterate all obstacles to that path. And there is only one obstacle…" Legolas trailed off as he looked at Aragorn, who was still too shocked for words. "You did not answer me, Prince Legolas." Faramir pressed, "Your woodland king cannot order your people to war for this. There will be a rebellion." "Oh, he will find another reason." Legolas said, "King Thranduil is resourceful. He will use any excuse to start a war with Gondor. But it is not Gondor that he wishes to raze to the ground." Here Legolas stole a glance at Aragorn. "He wishes to rid me of my purpose in Middle-Earth. No matter whose lives are lost in this war, you may be sure of one: he would do everything in his power to kill you, Aragorn. And this time…this time, I cannot protect you."