I don't own Harry Potter, I just own a laptop and have far too much free time! This is a rewrite of Hermione's Little Secret, I'm not entirely happy with the old version. It's been two years since I was able to write anything for this story (it's my uncles two year anniversary today), so enjoy the chapter while celebrating our mothers (because it's Mothers Day in the UK). Happy Sunday people There will always be threats to face, bigger world problems than before. Weapons and threats and even illnesses have always developed. Where before humans could be struck down by a sickness epidemic (for example of course), now people knew to wash and stay clean and for goodness sakes to flush the toilet! Technological advances could be used to keep humanity safer, for example, newer vaccines, monitoring of potential threats, better and safer computer systems. These things could both simultaneously save people lives, in potential, but they could also destroy. For example, what happened when an illness or large scale problem was affected one part of the world but not another? Large pharmaceutical companies were driven more by profit than anything else at times, so would they go out of their way to save the smaller man? For threats like national, global even universal concerns, the governments of the world and everybody else would inevitably climb atop their soapbox and make promises that they could fix it. Sometimes, though, it does not come down to governments, with their use of legitimate violence, but it comes down to citizens like you or me to fix this problem. As William Shakespeare said in his play Twelfth Night: "Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them", it can mean that anyone can achieve anything. The government in this case, however, were aware of the threat of the wizarding world civil war spilling out onto regular Britain. All the accidents, mysterious deaths and such have been monitored; it would be silly to think that it passed completely unremarked. They didn't breathe a word of what they were monitoring, about what was going in the press but they knew about it. Invariably it had to be covered up by things like 'military practice drills', or 'freak weather conditions', or even 'classified', to think that the magical Minister, or whatever the title may happen to be, was supposed to keep the Prime Minister informed of what was happening was laughable. As per usual, the Magical Minister did not realise just how much he or she, but in this case with Milicent Bagnold, was too caught up in the belief system that what she called 'Muggles' were stupid and would not notice just what was going on. That the Prime Minister was aware of just what was going on and could systematically destroy the Wizarding World is she so wished. It was thanks to an influx of muggle-born students, though within circles of the mundane government they were known as 'New Blood' that had become disillusioned with the state of affairs in the Magical world. Taken into a new world at the age of eleven and separated from your family for nine or ten months a year, anyone would begin to lose touch. To begin to distance yourself from your parents because you know that oh happy days, things are starting to make sense. Only to find out that when you graduate from Hogwarts or whatever Wizarding School you choose, that you can't find a job in your new world simply because of where you came from and who your parents are/were. To realise that you can't find a job in the world from which you came from because the various wizarding schools do not offer mundane or muggle qualifications. In the UK for example, there aren't GCSE or A Level equivalent offered, so unless you want to work in a fast food place, or as a maid, you are stuck. It wasn't even this; that stuck completely in the throats of the students; it was the fact that there was no voting, certainly for muggle born persons under the age of thirty or forty, simply because it was argued that the potential voters did not understand the politics in their new world. Simply because they didn't have a complete paper trail behind them to back up their identity, rather than just another person who went through missing kids records and stole them all with the aim of voting more or hiding criminal enterprises. To be completely disenfranchised, especially with the knowledge that from 1928 women above the age of 21 were allowed to vote. The fact that the wizarding world was governed by a Wizengamot that was comprised solely of members of ancient houses, noble houses meant that there no new ideas coming through. The members were older and wanted to keep things in the same way that their grandparents and great-grandparents had known. It was more a case of the luck of who and where you were born meant that you could mean something, this needless to say was very wrong. The Muggle-born students who came back through and were willing to study reported in the wizarding world, so the current PM and security services were very aware of what was going on. As a result, large files and cabinets and a whole range of other things were devoted to storing the information gleaned about their secretive (and incredibly ignorant) next door neighbours. As such, they were uniquely placed to keep an eye on the continuing developments within the Wizarding World and report back. The Muggle Prime Ministers of Great Britain were kept abreast of the happenings within the country. They knew what was happening when the great Wizarding Wars were being fought. They knew exactly what was happening, even some of the nitty gritty that neither the Minister for Magic nor the Messenger thought that PM should know. The top levels of the UK government held next to no confidence in the magical world, especially when Millicent Bagnold told Margaret Thatcher the then Prime Minister of Great Britain ' We assert our inalienable right to party .' This was coming at a time when Thatcher was already under fire for inexplicable things such as vast quantities of owls moving in the daylight and strange incidences of some fireworks exploding during the daytime hours. Even an idiot could see that one day the already shaky and fragile peace currently being experienced by those in the Wizarding World would fracture at some point. It has been clear to anyone reading between the lines that any forms of justice derived shortly after the Wizarding War that the Wizarding Government were not looking out for the rank and file of their citizens. Rather they seemed to be looking out for the very rich or the citizens who able to grease some palms. As depressing as it was, wasn't that simply the way of the world? It should not be so, but this was sadly the way of the world and far from believing in insipid things like prophecies but in countless meetings between the higher levels of the British Governments and Royalty had decided that the young Princess was their best chance to handle the situation. Care was taken towards decisions on whether members of the Wizarding World could be approached. It was finally decided that certain members could be approached, but carefully. As such plans were made and put into place that the Princess should be taught to read everything she could and enjoy the effects of a completely fit lifestyle. She had undertaken the additional course, her grandparents wanting her to learn some more grey magic, all in the hope that she could one day survive anything that this world had thrown at her. The training had been hard, for they couldn't completely explain to a young Hermione why she was going to have to train, at least until she turned eight years old and was more ready to gain a complete picture of why she had been training. And right now, Hermione was so glad that she had read all of those additional books. At one stage she might not have understood the reason for her grandparent's paranoia but right now when she was running for her life, she had never been so glad. But now it was all starting to make sense. All that training was certainly coming in handy tonight, Hermione had never taken anyone's life, and she didn't intend to start. But right now it was disturbingly tempting to take a life; she found herself asking what had possessed her to follow Harry to London, all because her angry friend believed that his godfather might be in trouble. Hermione had not been shocked when they hadn't discovered that Sirius Black was there. That the whole thing was a trap. If they ever got out of this, she was going to make sure that Harry knew just what his impatience and all-around short-sightedness could have cost him. Hermione was so glad that she silenced, knocked out and bound Antonin Dolohov have read files on the man before that detailed the man's favourite curse. Because had read so many files on the man and magic to know that the purple fire curse did not tend to leave survivors at least with at the very minimum life alternating and long-lasting consequences. So, while it might seem like she was paranoid taking so many precautions she didn't want to see any of her friends have to go through that struggle. She had run on, engaging Bellatrix Lestrange in a fight when the crazy vindictive harpy had broken Neville Longbottom's nose. She had felt completely sickened when the file detailing Lestrange's vendetta against the Longbottom family was coming to the fore. She had read scads of information and summaries of information detailing everything that had happened between the Lestrange family and the Longbottom family. Hermione had read information that suggested that something had happened in previous generations where the Longbottom family had wronged the Lestrange family. Or at least the Lestrange family believed that the Longbottom family had wronged them. The information was sketchy at best; there hadn't been enough information for Hermione to completely paint a complete picture. But all that mattered now was that when a young Bellatrix had married into the family, she had learned of the feud and taken it even farther. She had cursed Neville's parents so badly that the two of them had been in a state of a coma ever since Neville had been a baby, leaving the young child to grow up in the care of his vicious battle-axe of a grandmother. It was time for the ball to start rolling, Hermione was going to see to it that things greatly changed. Right now, though, staying alive was Hermione's top priority. Ducking from a Crucio curse sent to her by Lucius Malfoy, Hermione pressed on with an incredible set of curses towards Bellatrix Lestrange. Hermione pressed on and smirked, sending a volley of deadly purple fire curses towards Lestrange. The woman across from her roared in agony as she saw the purple flames shooting towards her. Somehow, the crazy lady had ducked away from the flames, how could she have done that if she had spent so long in a prison how could she have had the strength and speed to duck away from curses. Distracted when the doors to the room suddenly burst open, with some of the adult members of the Order of the Phoenix came rushing in. Glancing up she saw more than heard Sirius Black bellowing with rage at the sight of his 'beloved' cousin. Seeming to fly in his rage down the steps in the Death Chamber, he took up the battle against his cousin. Hermione turned away from Lestrange and tag-teamed with Harry to try and defeat Malfoy. Hermione found her attention was split when she