Furry and Furious Jacob POV March As the sun began to rise over the La Push reservation, Jacob Black woke from his bed to voices, hushed, coming from the tiny living room. He got up quietly and knelt by his bedroom door to listen. "I won't see Bella be hurt by those leeches, Sam." Jacob's father, Billy, said in a mad whisper. "I'm going to try to get her over here, to hang out with Jacob, so that she won't be their victim." "Billy, you know you can't just make Bella come here. As much as I'd hate to see her hurt, we can't do much in that regard." The other Quileute – probably Sam – spoke. "I'll be damned if Charlie loses his daughter to those bloodsuckers!" "I agree Bella shouldn't be near those pale ones, Billy, but how would we persuade her? She's a free spirit, much like her father, and just as stubborn." Another man, whom Jacob recognized as Harry, another good friend of Charlie's, said. "There is no forcing someone as young and independent as her," a much older voice gruffed wisely. "to do what we will her. It is of her best interest, in our experienced opinion, to stay away from the Cold Ones, but she and Charlie cannot know of them. It would break the treaty, and the Cold Ones would attack us. Do you want the blood of our people on your hands, Billy?" No one spoke for a while. Jacob took the opportunity to come into the living room, at which point he felt the eyes of the group drilling into him. "Hey, what's with the elders meeting?" Billy wheeled his chair over to Jacob, assuring his son that there was nothing special, just going over some business. Jacob of course knew better, but wondered if his father's amnesty toward the Cullens had any real ground to stand on. If he was so adamant about Bella hanging out in La Push more, either Billy was getting more paranoid with age, or there was something about the Cullens. So, excusing himself, he set out for Forks – he needed to talk to Bella about all this. Bella's POV The days came and went as I passed my junior year, and entered the Seniority of my high school life. It was now the Spring semester, the middle of March. Valentine's Day was amazing, with Edward's romantic hunt and dinner atop a moonlit cliff, topping all other Valentine's Days. Christmas was amazing at the Cullen house, Esme making Charlie and I a splendid dinner – which turned into a feast so large we had to donate most of it to the local shelter, of which the residents were incredibly happy about. Halloween season was especially fun, as Emmett and I had taken turns pranking each other and the other family members, with occasional comebacks from Alice and Edward. I never once was tricked by anyone except for Edward, who would pull the trick whenever we were being intimate. I had a tough time trusting him during the month of October. By birthday had been fun, with a CD of music composed by Edward, a portable speaker for my music from Emmett, and a revamped truck, courtesy of Rosalie. Alice had done one better and, together with Esme, had taken all of my clothes and accessories and made them tear-away, so that in case of a werecat emergency, I didn't shred any more garments. Now every wearable item in my possession was werecat proof. Now, I was relaxing after school, in the parking lot, with Edward, Alice and Jasper all lounging in the bed of my truck. I was quickly running through my homework, having been gaining an incredible amount of speed with my vampire tutors training. I was now able to retain knowledge at an incredible pace and capacity. I had also noticed, as Edward and I continued to exchange blood and venom though intimate acts, that my overall abilities were getting stronger, and along with my bouts with Jasper, more honed. Carlisle surmised that, by giving me his venom, bit by bit, Edward was passing on vampiric qualities to me, and being used to the sting of venom, it no longer harmed me, but in fact empowered me. I was like the freaking Sword of Griffindor! As I finished up the last of my English essay, our little group was alerted to the sound of a car pulling into the space next to my truck. It looked like a Volkswagen Rabbit, an older car, maybe rebuilt. Edward became more alert, as Alice had a look of pure confusion, and Jasper became guarded, his nose wrinkling. I hopped out, tossing my paper aside, to see Jacob Black emerge from the driver's side. "Jacob! What's up – whoa…" Jacob wasn't the young boy I had run into half a year ago. He was more muscularly built, and I could imagine a well defined body under his tight clothes. His hair was still long, but his face had hardened, losing the baby like shape of his youth. He even smelled different. He was more like moist earth and herbs. "Bella, I need to talk to you. My dad was up this morning with the elder council of our tribe, and Sam Uley, the neighborhood cult leader. They were talking about ways to get you to come to La Push – to get you away from them," he said, gesturing to the Cullens. "They seemed to think being with them was a death sentence. And they kept calling you bloodsuckers and leeches. I'm sick of this, man. I've had enough of being in the dark. All my friends, Quil, Embry, even jerk Paul – they've all turned over to follow Sam like a little puppy! If you know anything, anything at all, then please, tell me!" He ran his hands through his hair. "Bella, I know I haven't been able to hang out with you lately, but… you were my friend. You ARE my friend. And I hate that my dad and all them think that you're betraying us by handing out with Edward and them." As he talked, he was shaking, a little. And I could practically feel the heat coming off him. "Ok, Jacob. We can talk. Hop in your Rabbit, and follow me." I waved the Cullens into my truck, Jacob hopped in to his, and we drove off. The journey to my house took ten minutes, and the entire time, no one spoke. When we arrived, Edward pulled me aside. "What are you going to tell him?" "As much as he needs to know. He's just a kid, Edward. And he doesn't know what kind of world he's in. If he had a sense of what was going on, he wouldn't be so tense. And, by the way, you didn't tell me he was a shape shifter too." Edward paused. "What makes you think that?" "I can see the signs – he's overheating without being sick, he's trembling as he's getting upset – who knows what will happen in the next minute with him. I'm taking him into the woods nearby, so if he transforms, there's ample room to calm him down. I ask that none of you interfere unless I cannot control him. The first time is downright terrifying. If he smells you, his instincts will kick in. I will have a better understanding of him while he's that way. And," I added, narrowing my eyes, "don't keep things like this from me, ok?" He looked down. "It would have been breaking the treaty if I had told you. You figured it out, so we're not responsible." "Oh, ok. Jacob! Come with me. Alice, stay here and keep watch. Whistle once if someone's coming, unless its Charlie. Jasper, call Emmett if something happens. You understand." Jasper nodded, while Alice perched herself in the bed of my truck. Jacob, confused, followed me and Edward, while Jasper followed behind, wary. I only stopped when I felt no one would be able to hear us. Then, after quickly conversing with Edward and Jasper, as well as Carlisle on the phone, on what I could say, I addressed Jacob. "Alright, Jake. So, you're upset that your father is so hateful against them," I gestured to Edward and Jasper, "and trying to manipulate Charlie and me to come to La Push. Your friends have all joined this Sam Uley guy, and you still want to be my friend." He nodded. "Dad seems to think we have to protect you from them. I don't see how dangerous those guys are. Um, sorry, Edward, and…?" "Jasper. Pleasure." "Yeah. I don't see how dangerous you guys can be. Seriously, you look like you barely get out." I burst out laughing; Edward chuckled. Jasper stayed silent, but smiled. "Yeah, yeah, they don't tan, Jacob. But they do get out. We all do." He crossed his arms, still slightly trembling. "Ok, ha ha, I get it. So, why does my dad keep calling you guys leeches and bloodsuckers? That, if I remember my fairy tales, is an insult to vampires. And you guys can't be vampires." I looked, deadpan, at Edward. He shrugged, signaling that I could tell him more. "Well, you're not… wrong…" Jacob looked at me confused, before narrowing his eyes. "Sure. And I'm a werewolf." My eyebrow rose. "Um… well, I don't know about that, but no one here is normal, that much is sure." "Oh, yeah? If they're vampires, then how are they out here? Shouldn't they burn up?" I pointed to the overcast sky. "No sun, dummy. The clouds block out direct sunlight. And they don't burn, that's a myth." "So, if I were to wave a thing of garlic –" "No, it just smells pungent. Not at all deadly." "Holy water?" "God bless, Jake, you think they'd melt? No." "Stake through the heart?" "That thing would splinter against their chest." "Then how do I know they're vampires?" "Geez, you – ok, Edward? That old tree. Kill it." "With pleasure, m'lady." Edward walked to the tree I pointed out, and completely uprooted it. He tossed it a good twenty feet away, where it landed with a crash and split down the middle. Jasper, not to be left out, took one of the halves, and ground his hand into it like it was butter. Edward took off, zooming around the place in a blur. Jasper monkeyed up the trees, and landed on his feet after dropping from treetops. They both returned to their original positions. Jacob was stunned. His mouth hung open, staring at the two of them. He started to back away when I put my hand on his shoulder. "Hey, Jake, trust me, they're powerful, but not dangerous. At least, not to humans. They prefer cougars and grizzlies. They can survive of animal blood, and they are perfectly ok with being around humans. Jasper, I know what you're gonna say, and I say you've been so much better than when I first met you. But, anyways, don't worry about the Cullens, Jake. Carlisle? Dr. Cullen? Hello, works with bleeding patients every day, doesn't go bat shit crazy from that, does he?" Jake closed his mouth, looking at the ground for a while. When he did manage to speak, he seemed apprehensive. "So… they are vampires, just… um, animal drinkers?" "We prefer to call ourselves 'vegetarian'. Ironic, I know, but, still." Edward corrected gently, sitting on the new log bench. Jasper took to leaning against a healthy, upright tree. "O…k… so, those guys are vampires. All of the Cullens, I mean… your family. But wait, you said all of us were abnormal. What did you mean?" "Um… I think the best way to explain is to say this, and then show you something. First, I can sense you are a shape shifter. You have a different odor about you, which we can all smell. Your body temperature is