A/N: Very much a WIP. Please see note at very bottom for a bit more detail about what is to come... Thank you for reading! Hermione Granger sat on a large outcropping of rock, chin firmly planted on one knee as she gazed out over the Aegean sea. Lost in thought, she barely registered soft footsteps coming toward her over the reassuring rhythm of waves below. A dark hand on her shoulder startled her and she unconsciously gripped her wand as she turned with a small intake of breath. The familiar face of her Master gazed down at her with a warm smile, light seafoam colored eyes crinkling at the corners and dark curls spilling over one shoulder. "Hermione, I know you're still mulling over our earlier discussion, but Eleni will have dinner prepared soon. Care to make your way indoors?" she asked with a small tilt of her head. Hermione responded with a quick smile before sighing and settling back into her former position looking out over the sea. She was being somewhat rude, but she knew her Master would allow it under the circumstances. It had been an unexpectedly jarring day. "A few more minutes…" She mumbled. A soft caress of her shoulder told her that Master Kallas had understood and she waited for the light footsteps to fade away as the older woman picked her way back up the steep hill towards the villa. The sun had just fallen beyond the horizon, leaving the sky a glorious display of vibrant red and orange. High above, the first stars were just becoming visible against the deepening cerulean blue of the approaching evening. A light breeze wound its way through her curls, tickling her back. She had been on Naxos for nearly a year and a half, but the sheer beauty of the natural world never ceased to amaze her. Hermione found herself opening her eyes wider, trying to capture the subtle gradient of changes in color and texture as day made its way into night. Her thoughts were jumbled, rolling and crashing into one another with more eddies and spirals than the waves meeting the rocks just a few more meters below. She sat for an undetermined amount of time, lost in her questions and musings as a light lavender slowly replaced the brilliant colors of sunset and the distant silhouettes of the neighboring islands, Koufonisi and Schoinousa, fell into shades of deep indigo. A distant bell sounded and Hermione sat up with a sharp inhale, aware that she had likely kept her Master waiting. She swung her legs around and planted bare feet on the gravelly white path, shaking herself free from her reverie. Her long legs were more than sunkissed by this point. On her infrequent ventures into town, she was often mistaken as a local between her bronzed skin and dark riotous mane that now spilled halfway down her back. The Mediterranean weather had done wonders for her hair - no longer bushy and uncontrolled, it fell in soft curls with golden highlights from the sun. She wasn't sure if it was the regular doses of salt water, the simple benefit of age, or the handmade shampoo that her Master brewed, but Hermione was willing to take it. For the first time in her life she felt free from concerns about her appearance and had instead learned to revel in the changes to her body - the softening of her hair was one benefit, but living on an island had returned her love of swimming and exploring outdoors - leading to lithe and supple muscles, a strong core, and an empowered sense of her own body that was new and thrilling. Gone were the days of insecurity about her own form or subtle doubts about her own physical capabilities. Her apprenticeship had come with hard work. The first six months had her running long-distance around the island and hiking regularly up Mount Zeus as Master Kallas had insisted upon developing the relationship between her physical and magical strength. Later she had moved on to actual strength training as they breezed through her first few levels and she had gotten hung up on the complexities of durational spellwork in the fifth. Eleni, her Master's House Elf, had begun plying her with protein shakes in the morning, popping in with uncanny precision at least a half hour before her workouts, sometimes staying with a stopwatch to offer times on her circuits in a high-pitched trilling voice. Upon her arrival to Naxos, Hermione's Master had introduced Eleni and Stelios as the two House Elves under her employment . The statement had been stressed with a subtle arch of a brow and Hermione had nearly burst with excitement and pride at discovering her new mentor was as unyielding in her beliefs about equal rights for Magical Beings as she herself. It was a match made in heaven. In the subsequent months, Hermione had become closer to both elves whose entire families had been educated in Athens for generations under the protection of two prominent wizarding families, one of which included her own master's. Stelios was a stately older Elf with a shock of soft white hair and a memory like a steel trap. He was practically a living library and Hermione frequently found herself consulting Stelios regarding local geography and unfiltered accounts of Wizarding history in Ancient Greece. She quickly found a close friend in Eleni, who had a love of Muggle poetry and a dry wit despite her young age ("Forty-three years, which is still a teenager by Elvish standards… though I am your elder nonetheless and you would do well to remember it!"). Hermione had enjoyed many long conversations with both elves debating everything from magical theory (Stelios had absorbed much of his Master's research over the years and had been sworn to secrecy), to the ISOS addendums regarding magical creatures, to the best brands of Muggle cleaning products. Her apprenticeship had progressed rapidly and Hermione was nearly complete with her first classifications. Though Master Kallas was not one for overstated displays of affection, Hermione had gathered that the older witch had been pleased by her rather rapid progress. While her Master exuded a natural warmth in simple day-to-day matters, she was otherwise difficult to read. Hermione knew the witch held her abilities in high confidence, but as she drew closer and closer to the end of her first classifications, she couldn't help but feel nervous as she prepared her theses for Master Kallas' consideration. The witch was enigmatic and mysterious with an uncompromising demand for innovation and quality that made her a formidable voice in both her disciplines. The walk up to the villa seemed to pass in the blink of an eye and Hermione found herself at the edge of the outdoor terrace, watching blankly as her Master finished restoring the edge of a chipped pergola overhead where lavender fronds of wisteria waved gently in the evening breeze. The broad wooden table had been set for two, including a bottle of Merlot and several small candles charmed into floating lazily overhead. Master Kallas spotted her and gestured politely to sit as Eleni arrived to arrange their meal. Dinner was an unusually silent affair as the two women exchanged plates wordlessly, piling them high with fresh salad greens, roasted eggplants, light cheeses, and a rather scintillating dish of grilled peaches and balsamic vinaigrette. Hermione focused her attention on the food - the rich blend of flavors and herbs, the freshness of the vegetables, and Eleni's talented touch at plating the individual dishes. Eventually, however, the meal reached its end, and her Master folded her napkin primly and pushed her plate aside. Hardly daring to look over her wine glass, Hermione waited as the other woman folded her arms on the table and leaned forward. "Hermione. It's time to talk." Hermione immediately blushed, feeling the heat spread across her neck and beneath the neckline of her linen shift. She pushed her wine glass out of reach, wondering how she could feel so feverish so quickly. Maybe she was ill? This couldn't be normal, could it? "Master, I… uh…" Well, it was clearly an auspicious start to their conversation. Sweet Circe, get it together, Hermione! "Drop the formalities for a moment, please. It's just you and me, darling." Hermione groaned, plunking both elbows on the table in a manner she knew would typically upset her Master, but she didn't care. She let her head fall forward into her hands, cheeks still flushed in embarrassment, allowing her curls to swing forward and shield her face from view. A lump of emotion had formed at the back of her throat and she felt strangely queasy. "Dia… I honestly don't know what to tell you right now. I just…" Hermione trailed off, giving in to her own convoluted misery for the moment. Merlin! Were those tears pricking the corners of her eyes? Honestly. She could barely call herself a Gryffindor at the moment. She was pathetic. "Look at me, please?" It was a quiet request, but a request nonetheless. With just a hint of a demand behind it, Hermione had no choice but to lift her head and look at the woman sitting across from her. Dual Master of Transfiguration and Potions - Fourth and Fifth Class respectively, Diamantina Kallas was a gorgeous witch, that much was certain. She was a delicate woman with seemingly porcelain features - high, sweeping cheekbones, a small narrow nose, and a curly mane of ebony locks that spilled over narrow shoulders like a waterfall. Unapologetically Greek, Diamantina "Dia" wielded power through a combination of sensual grace and quiet, steely resolve. Though she was a bit shorter than Hermione, Dia could command an entire room with a tilt of her head, a softly worded demand, or understated demonstration of her vast reservoir of skills and knowledge. She was effortlessly collected, rarely ruffled, with a keen grasp of magic that routinely left Hermione in awe and later vexed, as she scrambled to replicate her Master's unique and subtle style. At the moment, Dia's luminous seafoam eyes regarded Hermione with a hint of sympathy. "Hermione, I apologize for springing such personal information upon you earlier. I honestly thought Minerva would have informed you in some way before you came to me, however I see that I was in error. It was not my intention to make you uncomfortable." Those pale turquoise eyes seemed impossibly large in the candlelight and for the umpteenth time since their previous conversation earlier in the day, Hermione found herself frantically backpedaling, grasping for composure, afraid her Master would pick up the thread of emotions coursing through their bond. "Master Kall- Dia , I'm sorry. I'm not reacting well at all and I have no excuse… you just… shocked me, that's all. Prof - er… Minerva was - is - Gods! She is such a private person. I don't know why I assumed that she wouldn't have a personal life. Merlin, that's so stupid! I just didn't think … I mean… not that it's a bad thing or anything, I mean-" "Hermione. You're babbling." Dia held up a delicate hand, her thin gold bracelets flashing brightly in the candlelight. "Right." Hermione opened and closed her mouth before choosing to fall silent. It seemed her cheeks were permanently on fire. It was completely unfair. Everything was going wrong and she was digging her own grave deeper and deeper. Bloody hell. Dia kept her face composed as she gave Hermione a long, searching look before reclining in her high-backed chair. Dark arms relaxed on both armrests gently and she took a moment to cross her legs demurely, deftly arranging folds of white linen to drape over her legs evenly. Even in the dim lighting, Hermione had to admire her Master's toned arms in her sleeveless summer robes. Dia was willowy and lean with a perpetually serene aura of satisfaction. "I have a few things to say,