a/n. title comes from "Gilmore Girls", loosely inspired by the relationship between rory gilmore and jess mariano. reviews are greatly appreciated! He moves to town at the end of September. Capitol, Massachusetts is a small town, population hovering around 2,765 with one grocery store and the lone traffic light was only installed the spring before, so a new kid, especially after the school year has already begun, is noteworthy. Like most of the people that live in Capitol, Madge grew up here, and even before she gets a good look at him, she knows this tall, broad shouldered boy sitting alone in the cafeteria is a stranger. Madge's chemistry lab partner, Katniss Everdeen, on the other hand, seems to know him very well if the one armed hug she gives him as she slides into the chair next to him is anything to go by. Madge swears that she catches the brunette smiling at the boy, too, in a very nonKatniss manner. "Who is that?" Delly whispers as if the new kid might be able to hear her from all the way across the cafeteria. "He's cute." Madge rolls her eyes at her turkey on wheat sandwich, because Delly thinks everyone is cute. But then again, her eyes linger on the boy's sloping shoulders and tanned complexion against the bright white of his T-shirt. Maybe Delly's not so wrong about this one. When she gets to sixth period chemistry, she sits at her regular lab station and flips through the day's lab assignment while waiting for Katniss to arrive. She's known the other girl since they were both in Miss Graham's kindergarten class together, gravitating toward each other during free time to sit in the reading corner, flipping through books, as the rest of their classmates ran around screaming and throwing blocks at each other. Even then, the two were decidedly reserved, making them a great match. They aren't friends exactly, but they have an understanding ever since those early days of Clifford the Big Red Dog picture books. From middle school gym classes to history projects over World War II to tenth grade chemistry partners, they always seek one another out in classes to pair up, working together in easy silence. Katniss sits down as the bell rings, only giving Madge a small nod in acknowledgement before adjusting a pair of clunky, plastic goggles over her eyes. "This experiment looks pretty easy," Katniss comments, scanning the instructions. "We should be able to finish early." Madge nods, already measuring out their solutions precisely. Curiosity seeps through her, wondering who the guy she ate lunch with is and how she already knows him, but she can't think of a way to ask without sounding intrusive and gossipy, the exact opposite of how she ever wants to come across. Like most small towns, Capitol is notorious for how quickly news spreads, regardless of whether or not it's true, and as the mayor's daughter and therefore under even more scrutiny than most, Madge prides herself on staying out of that silliness. But when they're halfway finished with the experiment, it becomes clear that Madge's resolve to stay above Capitol's nosy nature is deteriorating quickly. "So," she begins, trying to keep her tone light and casual and failing miserably, "How do you know the new guy?" Katniss looks up from her notebook. "Gale?" Madge shrugs. "Our dads grew up together," she replies, flicking her long braid over her shoulder, then she resumes copying down data in her neat print. Madge stares at her, a hundred more questions running through her mind. Like why did this Gale character move to Capitol? Why did he start school late? But Katniss's forehead is crinkled in concentration, not at all interested in the novelty that is a new person in this town, so Madge focuses instead on the beakers arranged on their table. Fortunately, Madge's aunt Maysilee doesn't care about being a town gossip, and when Madge shows up at her flower shop, the bell chiming cheerily as she enters, Maysilee happily fills her in over trimming rose stems. Gale Hawthorne, she learns, is a year older than herself and moved to Capitol from New York City after his father passed away over the summer. Madge bites back a gasp when hearing that. It was bad enough losing her own mother three years ago when she was surrounded by people who have loved and cared about her since she was little; she can't imagine being uprooted after something like that. But his father was from Capitol, apparently, and although his wife wasn't, living in a smaller town is generally less expensive and allows the Hawthornes – there's serveral kids, apparently, although there hasn't been an exact number confirmed – to be near their family friends, the Everdeens, and when Madge makes a noise of understanding, she explains to her aunt the small snippet of information Katniss gave her. "Sounds about right," Maysilee agrees, setting the last trimmed rose in a vase of water with its companions. She whisks the vase away, placing it at the front of a display. "Now, if anyone asks where you heard this from," she calls over her shoulder, "You didn't hear it from me." She's got a minute before her French class starts, and because her locker is on the opposite end of the world, she needs to practically sprint down the hallway, books threatening to spill out of her arms as she does. It's when she's just rounded a corner that she slams into someone, though, and her books tumble to the ground. "Oh, god," she mumbles, staring helplessly at the mess spread across the gray tiles before dropping to her knees to gather everything. "I'm sorry," she apologizes hastily, "I wasn't watching where I was going." "Clearly," she hears someone mumble, and her eyebrows furrow as she looks up to see the new kid, Gale, crouched down onto her level. Annoyance is etched in his features when he holds out her French textbook. She takes it before trying again. "I'm sorry." She slides a notebook that she doesn't recognize towards him. "I was trying to get to class, and well, clearly that's going well." Tucking a stray lock behind her ear, she smiles politely. "My name's Madge." "Gale," he says, not quite friendly but certainly less rude. This close, she sees that his eyes are a steel gray, an eye color that she's only ever seen on Katniss before, although hers have never caused Madge's heart to pause in her chest. "Hemingway?" He's studying the cover of A Farewell to Arms , and Madge makes a face. She's only halfway through, but so far, she's not a fan of Hemingway's writing style, no matter how universally praised it may be. She prefers Fitzgerald's extravagant characters or Austen's artistry of language or the fantastical world of Rowling. But she plans to continue making her way through the book before pushing it to the back of her overflowing book case. At least then she can say she truly gave it the good ol' college try. "I love this book," Gale says quietly, more to himself than to Madge who checks the time. The late bell should be ringing any second. Gale stands, Hemingway still in hand, and adjusts the strap of his backpack with his other hand. Standing up straight, she tightens her arms around the stack of books in order to prevent another future disaster and says, "Sorry again. I've got to head to class." Gale nods curtly, and she's off again, barely making it into her seat as the bell reverberates throughout the halls. She doesn't even realize that she's missing her copy of A Farewell to Arms until she gets home. On Wednesdays before school, Madge eats breakfast at Haymitch's Diner with her dad. They usually leave the house together, but this morning, her dad left early to drop documents off at the office, agreeing to meet her there. Like everything in Capitol, Haymitch's is within walking distance, and she treks down the main street, pulling her jean jacket closer around herself in the New England autumn morning chill. "Hey," a voice calls out behind her, and she sees turns to Gale Hawthorne jogging towards her. "Madge, right?" "Yeah, hi," she greets tentatively. She's a bit surprised that he remembers her name, let alone that he's flagging her down in the streets at 7 A.M. Stopping in front of her, he unzips his backpack and pulls out a book, turning it over to display that it's her copy of A Farewell to Arms . "You forgot this yesterday." "Oh. Thanks." She'd thought she'd left the book in one of her classrooms, planning on searching for it today. She takes the book and puts it away in her bag. "Can't say I missed it too much, though," she comments wryly. "Ernest and I aren't shaping up to be good friends." Gale shrugs. "It's one of my favorites." "Even more of a reason for you to have kept it," she jokes, but Gale doesn't even crack a smile. Well. She's starting to understand why he's a fan of the author of few words, but maybe he took Ernest Hemingway's style a little too close to heart. Haymitch's Diner sits at the corner of Capitol's main street, and Madge gestures to it vaguely over her shoulder. "Well, I've got to go," she says, already taking steps backward. "Thanks again for the book." He nods and keeps walking, and Madge watches his flannel-covered shoulders continue down the street for a moment longer before pushing open the door to Haymitch's. When she joins her dad at their usual table closest to the window, he's flipping through today's New York Times, and there's a plate of pancakes topped in syrup waiting for her. Her fork is en route to her mouth when her dad asks, "Who was that boy you were with?" Her dad doesn't look accusatory, simply curious, but she has a feeling that this could be a trap. They've never talked about boys or dating before, and she's not sure she really wants to start now. She's always considered herself to be close with her dad especially after her mom passed away, but part of their relationship's success depends on the understanding that he never attempts to play a motherly figure in her life. She's got Aunt Maysilee for that. Mouth full, she chews slowly to buy time before answering, "He's from school. He was returning a book that I accidentally left at school." Her dad nods thoughtfully, and she watches him take a drink from his coffee, cream and no sugar like always. He picks up his paper again, pushing his glasses up his nose as if to say that this discussion is over, and grateful, Madge lifts her fork to her mouth to take another bite. "He was very handsome," her dad comments, and she chokes on her pancakes. He gets into his first fight after only being at school for three weeks. After a quick visit to her locker, she exits Capitol High School to see Gale and Alex Cato on the front lawn, surrounded by other loitering students, pummeling each other into the ground. Seeing Alex Cato, the only hockey player anyone deemed skilled on their subpar team, in a fight isn't anything too shocking, but seeing Gale surprises her. But she chastises herself for that, because indulging in town gossip and a brief exchange about Ernest Hemingway doesn't mean she actually knows anything about him. So she stands frozen behind the crowd, catching glimpses of a fist colliding with jaw, a busted lip, a knee to the stomach, before a history teacher slash baseball coach breaks up the fight. On Halloween, her father is out of town, and Annie and Delly come over to binge watch seasons of American Horror Story, eat copious amounts of Chinese food, and spend the night. But with her father gone, Madge is on