The Life That Led Us Here "I never saw myself wanting children, nor was I expected to survive the war." Katniss tells herself. "Now everytime I see Peeta with our children, I know that it was somehow all worth it, even loosing Prim". Katniss and Peeta's lives after the war. One shot. I don't own a thing, just my love for the characters and whatever you don't recognize.I do know this has been done quite a lot but I do hope you like it! We get married. For real this time a few years after the war. We might still be too young but somehow I know that after what we have been trough, Peeta and I are more grown up than what we seem to be. He rebuilts his family's bakery. The one that has now become our own. Still, there is bits and pieces here and there that remind us of the people we've lost, mainly our siblings. HIs brothers and Prim. Prim is the only reason I even consider the possibility of having a child. Or maybe it's Peeta's eyes whenever he sees Annie and Finnick's son that makes me want to give him the only thing he asks of me. Yeah, that's the reason, doing it for Prim would be too painful of a reason, too masochistic of me to want to care for someone the way I did her. And somehow Peeta knows that so he doesn't push. Not for the first ten years of our lives as husband and wife. But we do see the few friends we have, find love and have time for babies, we are of course, the honorary Godparents, but never the ones giving birth to a child. Even Johana has managed to become someone's parent, even though I'd credit her husband for that, he like Peeta is all in for babies, and they have four beautiful girls to prove it. Then there's Annie. She's been raising her son on her own for more than a decade now, but I don't muster on it too much because there is me thinking of Finnick and wanting to push the children idea from my mind once again, because of all the people I've lost in this world, and how it would be selfish of me to bring a child in this world we live in, in which Peeta still has flashbacks and episodes and I have a nightmare almost every night. Yeah, that would be incredibly selfish. But now there's Gale and the fact that he is a parent now too. I haven't seen him in so long but I do now what he's been up to. He is all settled down now. With my old school friend, Madge out of all people. She had survived the bombings after all. "You are a natural." Delly tells me. She has taken upon herself to help out at the bakery now, since most of District 12 is back to it's busy self again, old faces have come back and new begin to settle as things are in a turn of change. It seems odd though that people has wanted to come back, mostly because of how things went down and how me and Peeta are sort of legend here in 12. What is truly a legend though is Peeta's cheese bun's and how much children love them, including Delly's little ones. "Do you ever think about it?" Delly goes on asking as I hold the youngest of her children in my arms as we watch Peeta and her husband with the other ones. "Just imagine how adorable a little boy who looked just like Peeta would be..." I do wonder, I've wondered that ever since I married Peeta. I've wondered that too after we lay in bed together at night, cuddled in each otherscompany . I can feel him tracing circles on my belly when he thinks I am not looking. "Katniss?" He asks me one night, after all the wondering has filled my eyes with tears and I am not even aware of it. "What's wrong?" "Why did you marry me Peeta?" I ask. He's looking at me with a frown and the sweetest smile appears on his face as he kisses my chin, I am sure he can taste my salty tears as he does. "Because I love you, I always have and always will." "Even though you don't have everything?" I rest my weight on my elbows as I pull away from him. I sit far away , at the edge of the bed; and I feel his body behind mine, nothing but the sheets between us as tears threathen my eyes again. "Not everyone has everything Katniss." He tells me. "And as far as everything goes, I think it's pretty safe to say that I do have it all, all I want." "No you don't." There's bitterness in my voice and I hate it because he's willing to go on without a child because he loves me and I think about what Haymitch had said, that I'd never deserve Peeta. Safe to say I have a dream that one night and it goes something like this. it's still early as I wake up, adjusting to the little light there is in the room. My bedroom, which I share with Peeta. Nothing is that diferent from my life now except for the small body of a child between us, a little girl with dark hair, she's curled up in a ball as her eyes open, slowly, staring at me. I barely move as she musters. "Good morning mommy," and my eyes widen, because in this world, where nothing seems to have changed, a lot has. I am someone's mother. As I think this over I notice for the first time that the other half of the bed is empty. "Sweetie, don't tell me you woke mommy up?" Peeta comes out the bathroom with nothing but boxers on. "I did not daddy, honest!" She pips in. "Right mommy?" "Right " I say. Peeta looks over at me, he knows there's somethng wrong but he brushes it off because now our child is obviously calling for his attention and he gladly gives it. "In that case, let's go and try to get breakfast on the table, what do you say? " "Yup, yummy daddy..." She lets herself be picked up by Peeta and he tells her he'll be right behind her. He climbs back to bed for a moment and I'm staring into his deep blue eyes as he kisses me."Good morning, I'm making pancakes, wait for you in a minute?" "Daddy! " our child squeals as she has probably waited long laughs and kisses me again. Let's just hope she doesn't wake up Rye." And just like that, he's gone. And so is the dream. I am alone in bed, no child or Peeta in sight and I feel this immense void in my chest like something is missing, like it was when I first lost my sister. I find my husband at the bakery, getting a move on, on today's busy schedule. But it's still dark outside and we won't open for a few hours. "Good morning sleepyhead." He's so glad to see me even though we argued last night. And thats Peeta for you. He's so kind and true to himself and mostly he just loves unconditionally. He gives me a sweet kiss and I feel like a teenager once more. He goes back to his task at hand, and I sigh, getting ready for another day at the bakery. But the thought won't leave me alone. "Peeta?" "Yeah?" "I'm really sorry we fought, I didn't mean to..." He turns to me, cleans his hands off and grabs my face gently, I try lowering it, but he lifts up my chin. "It's alright do you hear me? Whatever you want, if it's just the two of us Katniss, it's fine with me as long as I have you." "I love you." I tell him as he hugs me, so close that I feel like I'm chocking, not that I am complaining. "I love you too Katniss." The dreams don't go away, but they are certainly welcome instead of nightmares of our times in the games. The feeling of emptiness I felt that first time when I woke up after my fight with Peeta hasn't changed either. At one point we do get a dog, because he's the closest thing to a child we have to care for. I don't agree to it first and neither does old Buttercup, but somehow I let my adorable husband and his new friend get the best of me and make me agree to it. We name him Pip, it's ridiculous but adorable like the carrier of the name, the one who sleeps by my bedside and keeps me company in the mornings when Peeta is busy with work. And still it isn't a child. It's never a child. Then it happens. The dream that includes Prim, her and my children and she tells me never to let go of hope, because that's what my children are, they are the reminder of a life filled with joy and promise. We are always careful, maybe too careful, full of old remedies and over thinking. But there's this night when all my safety nets are down and I let Peeta know that maybe he's waited too long for a child, and that we both deserve our own little glimpse of hope and whatever else the future has to offer. "Katniss, please tell me again if you are sure about this, there's no going back once we do this." And so I nod and I feel him within me, and it's not without tears because for some reason this is truly what I want. The first time I tell him, he can't belive me so I drag him along with me to the bathroom and take another test. "Now you can see it for yourself." I tell him as I show him the result, it's positive, he's going to become someone's father and I couldn't be happier. "We're having a baby. " He picks me up right then and there, kissing me. His hands instanltly going to rest on my still flat tummy."I love you so much Katniss. " He tells me. And yes, I can't wait for the moment our child is born. But it's not all easy, no matter how much we both want it. I still have nightmares about all the people we've lost and Peeta still struggles with himself, so we're both terrified by the prospect of loss and uncertainty. Specially when it becomes a reality. We're having a baby girl. Willow comes into the world with her daddy right beside her, ready to give up everything for her, like he'd done for me. "She's perfect. " Peeta gives her to me and the moment she opens her eyes I know I am sold out. She has her daddy's eyes. "Thank you." My husband says with such love and devotion it makes me weak in the knees. She's here and she's ours. Just like in my dreams. There's this night that I come home from locking up the bakery that I find Peeta and Willow, she's resting on his chest, his breathing working like a made up lullaby. Peeta looks over at me, half sleep as I slide myself next to him. Our baby girl safely in his arms. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. Just as as she came, she began to grow up. Having her daddy wrapped around her little finger. By the time I turn around and see it, she's already going to school. It terrifies me to know that she's learning more about the role Peeta and I had in The Games. Peeta says it will be alright. And then we find out we're going to be parents