A/N: Okay, I don't own but I sure love them. Faramir/Boromir brotherly love, no slash. This is the polished version, many thanks to my loveable semi-beta, the grammer queen. Hope you guys enjoy. The Wrong Fight Faramir sat on his horse, before a battlefield that terrified him, looking into the eyes of, his men? Nay, they were not his men. He saw no trust or faith, not even respect for him in their eyes. He knew that were he in their position, he would be the same as they were towards him. He had no right to be their leader. He did not want to be their leader. He didn't know what to do with them. He was not ready to be a leader. He wasn't even sure how to be a good soldier yet. He didn't understand why he had been appointed to this job, to this battle. He wheeled his steed away from the men, ready to charge and looked at this terrible battlefield, appointed to him. The land that lies between them and the enemy was scoured with ditches that looked to be two feet deep at most, and were just wider than a man's shoulders were broad. They were going to be a serious problem for footing... Then his eyes shifted towards the rubble that had once been a well fortified outpost, even destroyed it proved to be easily defended, the orcs and who knew what else, hiding safe behind the stone walls that still stood. There could be no accurate guess as to how many they face on this field of battle, nor could they know what monsters might be hidden within the outpost. Trolls? Haradrim? His heart quaked at the thought of this battle. He struggled to keep the tremble in his hands invisible to the men. Then… they charged. Their steeds fell into the ditches like the fall of flies, their squeals piercing the air. They all scrambled to their feet instantly to face the first waves of the enemy. Wargs, skinny and starved they spewed forth from behind the walls, snarling ferociously attacking in frenzy. Faramir barely had a chance to see them before they were upon him. The sound of tearing flesh and screams filled the air, the stench of blood overpowering. Faramir's stomach rolled, the urge to vomit strong as he fought near panic against the enemies surrounding him, he struggled to find that numb place that Boromir spoke of so often to him. That place where there was no pain or fear, there was only you, your weapon, your men, and the enemy. Suddenly pain erupted through Faramir's body as he fell back onto the ground, through pain fogged eyes he looked down to his stomach and the arrow protruding on the left side and groaned with fear. He looked about now, unsure if he was looking for help or just looking, what he saw were his men, men of Gondor, falling to the blades of Orcs and Goblins. A strange rage filled him, a rage at himself, he could not just lay here, fell by a single arrow while his men fought and died for their shining city. He had to fight. Pushing the pain away he climbed to his feet still gripping his sword and began to battle anew, he had his place as a soldier; the place where his life did not matter so long as it was lost saving Minis Tirith, his home. Faramir cut down Orc after Orc, his arms beginning to tremble with exhaustion, pain edging into his awareness again. He refused to give up, he would not fall while some of his men still fought. He hacked down another Goblin when he saw one of his men struck down, alive but dazed, the attacker assuming him dead and moving onwards, but a nearby Warg did see the man still moving and launched at its newfound prey. Faramir didn't hesitate, he lunged with all his strength in a downward stroke, severing the beast's head instantly. He cut down two more Orcs that lunged towards the downed soldier, then he turned to see the man rise, give him a small nod of approval then plunge back into the battle. Faramir's heart swelled with pride, perhaps he could do this after all, maybe, just maybe, he could win the respect of these men. He plunged into the battle with a renewed vigor, he slashed Orc, Goblin, and Warg without hesitation or fear now, determined that if he should fall, he would take every enemy possible down with him. Every time he saw a Gondorian fall he dove to their rescue until they rose to fight again. He staggered back abruptly staring agape at the arrow protruding from His right side, opposite and maybe five inches higher than the first, he knees buckled beneath him, pain engulfing him so that he saw spots. He swayed where he knelt, the world about him moving in slow motion when suddenly a meaty fist was pulling him to his feet, the stench of Orc overcoming him, his mind was numb now as he tightened his once feeble grasp, spun away from the grip, thrusting his sword deep into the back of the surprised Orc. He stood there stunned now, his body shaking as he tried to get something to work, his mind, his body, anything, but nothing responded, suddenly an arrow whizzed past him so close he could feel the rush of air on his ear. A Goblin shriek behind him, sword raised above its head to strike him down, instead fell useless to the ground beside the dead body. He couldn't see where the arrow had come from though, his eyes glazing over. "Don't give in now boy!" someone shouted. Shaking the fog from his mind he pulled himself together with a great effort and began to fight again. No longer did he fight with finesse and grace but fell into every sword stroke, not allowing himself to stop moving for he could feel it. If he stopped moving even once, he would fall and not rise again, he fought for mere survival now. He fought with fear and pain, they fuelled him and exhausted him, pushing, pulling, burning, freezing he was all of them. The battlefield seemed to be freezing over as rain began to pelt down upon them like an aerial assault. Faramir fumbled about now, the constant swings of his sword throwing him off balance followed by another that balanced him again. He tried to stay near groups of Gondorian soldiers, keep a safety net around him as he struggled to simply stand now, but there were so many Orcs. Didn't they ever stop? He stumbled again, over what he didn't know. Now he slew a Goblin, a Warg blindsided him, landing in a heap, he cried out when it sank its teeth into his thigh. On instinct alone he flailed his sword landing the flat of it against the beast's head, it yelped and jerked away though not letting go, Faramir screamed as the teeth tore through his leg down to grip his ankle now. Desperately he swung his sword again, hacking at the beast's head with all his strength. The Warg shrieked, releasing his leg and charged for his head just as he buried the sword deep in its chest. It fell aside and Faramir lay still for a moment shaking with pain, there was chaos about him. He could not remember what his purpose had been for being here, but he knew he had to get up, he could not stay here. He struggled, panting as the pain consumed him like a fire he rolled onto his knees, swaying dangerously, he could see only a short distance before him with pinpoint vision. A Warg was upon one of his men. He wasn't aware when he'd stood, stumbling forward, he wasn't truly aware when the creature lunged to bite the head of the fallen man. He swung the sword recklessly right between the gaping jaws, the Warg bit down reflexively the sword snapping into three shards. Not knowing what else to do he rammed what was left of his sword deep into the Warg's throat twisting and jerking until the foul creature fell to the ground dead. He glanced about, the man he'd saved had already run off to fight again. It was this one moment of pause that was his downfall, he knew not where the arrow came from, there were so many enemies both near and far, but it hurt so badly. His knees buckled and he fell into the nearest ditch. All grew quiet, there was not silence but what noise there was so quiet, so far away. He was sure the battle had moved away from him now. It felt good to lay here, he was so tired, he just needed to rest for a bit. Then he could fight again, he could try to save more of his men's lives. He had to earn their respect, this was the only way he knew how. His thoughts drifted of their own accord towards his brother, what would Boromir think of his fate? Would he think Faramir failed him? Or would he believe he had not trained his little brother hard enough? If the past were anything to go by, it would be the latter, Boromir had always seemed to believe that Faramir's failings were due to a failing of his own failure. He took full responsibility for him in all aspect, ever since their mother had passed they had been inseparable. He always took care of him, made sure he was safe, even shielded him from his father for a time, before he was old enough to see the distaste Lord Denethor had for his youngest. It gave him a few more years of innocence that he dearly missed. He was not the soldier like his brother, he hated and dreaded every chance of battle. The few small skirmishes he'd participated in had been no more that ten or fifteen Orcs, but the very memory turned his stomach. He shivered in the cold, he dearly wished he could see Boromir again. He could make things better, somehow he would make this seeping cold, this overcoming pain disappear. Denethor would be most irate that he had been struck down—that they have to waste good medicine putting him back together only for him to prove his failings yet again. Anger stirred within him again, anger at having been felled, he stiffened, his fingers digging into the loamy soil, soaked with blood as he tried to pull himself to his feet. He did not wish to fail again, he could be strong, strong like Boromir. But alas, he could not move any further, the pain was too great and he was too weak. Everything faded away for a while, it was nice, he couldn't feel the pain as much—but it was so horribly cold. He couldn't bring himself to stop the shivers. Time passed without reckoning, at some point the sounds of battle reappeared, so close and so far he believed it to be the creations of his dying mind—an illusion creating false hope. He didn't want to die, but no matter how he fought against the pull, Faramir sank into oblivion Boromir sighed tiredly as he looked over the map again. He hated tedious, time consuming jobs, he hadn't the patience for such a job. Frustrated he threw his pen down and went to walk out in the fresh, brisk air, he gazed at his troop of men. Nearly one thousand strong they threw themselves against the enemy, fighting to keep their lands free. It was a hard grueling work but it was well worth the pain and exhaustion that it caused so long as their shining city was safe. A couple of them nodded to him with a smile, others, some of them newer recruits, more centered about protocol, gave