A/N: Alrighty, here's a nice little LOTR story starring mainly Glorfindel, Erestor and Elrond but also has Haldir and the twins. As a warning there is some semi-graphic(mostly violence) attempted assault so be warned. Otherwise the usual disclaimer that I don't own this. There are only 3 chapters and they're all written so no fears of it going on Hiatus. Don't forget to review! ^_^ Glorfindel stretched and yawned before picking up another piece of parchment. The hour was late; the moon easing towards its setting almost. He stood and found himself a fresh candle lighting it then extinguishing the weary and used one of previous. He should retire and rest. He should have gone hours ago for the night but still he participated in the most productive form of procrastination he'd ever experienced. As he sat down to another document, one of dozens that needed to be done but weren't truly urgent, he was forced to admit the truth to himself. He was avoiding going home. The ritual of ending each day by returning to his empty lonely home was wearing on his soul tremendously of late. It was an experience that was driving him to remain at his duties longer and longer each night just to avoid. His actions were beginning to show signs that were getting noticed. Elrond had come very early in the night and bade him get some rest saying he'd been looking unusually weary and scolded him for working too hard. Erestor had been more tactful inquiring as to what might be bothering him that he work so late. He'd merely repeated his spiel about doing his duty like everyone else. Erestor was not convinced but did not push either. By his own choice his office was quite distant and secluded from most; chosen partly for the quiet and partly because the quickest path back to his home was through his favorite section of the gardens. It made for a refreshing walk after a long day. Two documents worth of work later his eyes were drifting shut then snapping open again begging for rest. Faintly he heard approaching foot steps but in his exhaustion his mind did not truly register them. He was in a state of half-sleep when the first blow landed, a total surprise, to his right temple eliciting a cry of pain as he crashed to the ground with his chair and head bouncing on the stone flooring. He lay stunned stars dancing in his vision as two strong arms wrapped around his waist and his neck cutting off his air supply almost completely as he was lifted up and dragged from the balcony over looking the gardens into his office. Glorfindel felt himself thrown across his desk, mostly clear as he'd been working on the balcony, the edge striking him across the back of his hips pain erupting like fire. "I tried so hard, so hard to make you see me, to show my intentions…" his attacker began to ramble bearing his weight down against Glorfindel's body making him squirm in pain as the desk edge pressed deeper. "Months now I've been trying to make you know my desires…no more…" his attacker pushed Glorfindel fully onto the desk climbing on top of him straddling his hips ignoring the grunts of pain from the elf below him. "I'm done waiting…I'm done trying…tonight I'm taking what I want…" the haze of pain lifted the stars fading from his vision enough that Glorfindel felt his limbs obey him once more and began to struggle fiercely receiving a harsh back hand followed by his wrists being forced to the hardwood beneath him above his head. "Stop struggling or I will make you suffer! Nothing will stop me from getting what I want!" his attacker hissed shifting his weight forward to suck crudely on the side of his neck. Fear flooded Glorfindel's system with adrenaline and he bucked and twisted sharply crying out as something in his back tore as he dumped his attacker to the floor. He rolled to the floor landing on his knees his back muscles quivering with pain as he crawled forward unable to bring himself to stand. Escape. He had to escape. He needed help. He barely made it a few feet when a hand buried in his long unbraided hair yanking him back and to his feet. He fought and struggled against the male feeling a hand encircle his wrist squeezing harder and harder as he slowly lost ground, being dragged backward, until he felt himself once more thrown to the desk. His wrists were again pinned above his head going numb from the crushing weight upon them his attacker forcing a sloppy kiss to his lips. Glorfindel fought and struggled as best he could with what little movement he could manage biting down hard on the assailant's lip. The elf screamed yanking just out of range of his teeth and crushed Glorfindel's left wrist in his grip and slammed it down on the desk again with all his strength snapping the bone audibly. Glorfindel screamed and bucked fire searing through his back making his attempts weak only to be rewarded with a dizzying blow to the temple once more. "I could have been your lover! This could have been pleasurable for us both but no. You ignored me and now you will not enjoy this. Now I am not your lover…I'm your owner" his attacker growled yanking the loose fit shirt open breaking most of the toggles before pinning his wrist once more as he suckled and kissed down his chest. "No..d-don't…don't want….this" Glorfindel attempted haltingly his head spinning vision darkened from the pain in his skull. "I don't care what you want anymore" was the only answer. Glorfindel cried out as his attacker bit down hard splitting his flesh then kissed and licked all around the wound before moving to a new area and biting down again. "Stop it! Stop this! Help! Someone hel..gggh" he choked and kicked out as the hands encircled his throat cutting off everything even the tiniest wisps of air. Everything around him dulled and slowed. His body grew heavy and his sight dim. He could faintly feel one hand at his throat now and the other moved to his breeches having unlaced them and slipped inside the cloth. Unbidden tears slipped through his now clenched eyelids. Not this. Please not this. He could hear laughter somewhere above him the hand in his breeches pushing further and further against his boundaries sending a stronger rush of tears from his eyes feeling helpless and hopeless as the deadened sensation grew through his body. He was about to give up to the darkness wanting to not be conscious for this when his mind sparked with a realization. His hands were unrestrained. Out of desperate fear alone was he able to muster the strength and slam his right fist against the jaw of his attacker hard and unexpected enough to throw him to the floor by the desk once more. Glorfindel rolled off intending to land on his feet and run but his legs buckled instantly and from instinct he hit the ground with his left wrist held out. He screamed as the bones ground together for a moment then slipped and the scent of blood filled his nostrils fire consuming his arm. He crawled forward sobbing with pain and fear his left arm now clutched close to his stomach as everything wavered and spun around him. Run. He had to run. It was all he could do; and that barely. He never saw it coming as the heavily booted foot slammed into his stomach sending him sprawling a foot away onto his back with a shout. The elf kicked and kicked shouting at him but it all whirled away in the rushing of blood in his ears, lungs burning for air until suddenly the kicking stopped leaving him breathless and barely aware as pain surged and ebbed through him like the incoming tide. He gave only a whimper as he was flipped onto his stomach, face forced to the stone floor breaking his nose blood spurting as his breeches were yanked down to his knees. "No…please…" he coughed his throat constricted and burning from the fast swelling. He scrabbled at the stone floor of his office as he heard the rustling of breeches being unlaced succeeding only in tearing a fingernail from its bed. "Be still!" the elf bellowed bashing a fist against the back of his head making it bounce off the stone. Exhaustion clawed at him threatening to drag him to the abyss and he so wanted to surrender. He tried to move, tried to save himself but his body would only tremble and hurt moistening his cheeks with tears. He couldn't stop this. Everything blurred and faded. He couldn't quite grasp reality; didn't want to. All was dark and fuzzy to his vision. He felt so weak. He wasn't sure what the other elf was doing now until he felt flaccid flesh press against his own and let out a sob of despair. There was a stilted rocking motion coupled with sporadic sharp bites to the back of his shoulders and neck then it suddenly all stopped replaced by a shout of rage. Glorfindel had no chance to even try to discover what was going on now as he was jerked to his knees a hand in his hair, several strands pulling free, and a fist colliding with his jaw. He tried to throw up his right arm to block the blows but the elf just grabbed that arm and threw it back against the desk out of his way cracking several small bones in it. Glorfindel reacted on instinct and desperation kicking out hitting the shin of his attacker throwing them both off balance and tumbling to the ground. He heard the shriek of metal grating on metal before a mind shattering blow crashed against his temple instantly slicing open the flesh. "All your fault! It's all your fault!" the elf screamed at him with every blow that battered Glorfindals skull. Pain consumed him pushing out even the fear as it overwhelmed him. He couldn't hear his or the other elf's screaming through the agony ripping through his body. The last thing he was aware of was being thrown through the air crashing against his chair shattering it beneath him and fire in his side. 0o0o0o0o0o0 Erestor stretched and yawned as he walked through the hallway listening to the birds sing their first songs of morning. He had woken early this morning having slept restlessly with a feeling of unease and decided to take advantage of it to watch the sunrise and have his first cup of tea in the peaceful ambience of first light. His mind mulled over, mildly worried, his friend Glorfindel. Something was bothering the elder elf but he wouldn't admit to it. He knew Elrond was worried as well though he had reverted to scolding him for overworking like he were a child. Erestor chuckled at the thought. He suspected that all Glorfindel needed were the right words at the right time to soothe the ailing in his mind. Whatever the cause. He made it his mission today to determine what it was that tormented his friend. A moment's more thought and he changed direction intending to head to the garden section he knew Glorfindel walked through to get to and from his office and home. He would give the elf no way to avoid his questions or his council this day. To get to the garden path from his current location he had to pass the actual office and as he did so he gave it a passing glance noticing annoyance the flicker of ever burning candle light. "That fool didn't even go home this time" he grumbled turning and letting himself into the office. He wouldn't let it go this time. His blood froze the