A silhouetted figure was visible from where he was watching. Sneaking, he corrected himself. Watching, sneaking, all the same. The moral argument, unheard by others, continued on for a small while inside his head, until he became mildly distracted. Mildly? Eru! Can words describe the scene? Words are simple constructions involving base letters, put together to somehow create a live description of something tangible. Words cannot do this scene justice! Like ivory was this silhouetted figure. A statue of immaculate beauty. This man had skin pale and fair beyond the wildest elven dreams. He could even be an elf! Who could really tell in this light? Wicked and delicious thoughts pierced his head and thoughts and his heart, and even his sex. Blood surged through his stomach, filling his groin in a most luscious way. Warmth spread and a strange chill shook his body. Pushing hard against his leggings, his groin emitted a thunderous and yet noiseless cry to be liberated. He let out a low moan as he freed his oh-so-hard manhood into the night air. This is a fantasy, he thought! This person could be whoever I want him to be! And yet he is just the person I want him to be! Slowly his hands ventured over his chest, his stomach, to his inner thighs. He mimicked his lover, pretending his hands were those of his ivory skinned fantasy. He dreamed to have them truly on his own skin, caressing, stroking, and filling him with these indescribable vibrations of orgasm waiting to be released. He stroked his hard sex, beads of nectar forming on the tip. Watching/sneaking again from his vantage point, he sighed long and slow as Fantasy let his tunic drop to the floor. His hand moved methodically faster and gripped harder. Oh, it would not be long now! Shining, wavy hair shimmied off Fantasy's shoulders. He watched as he swept the hair hanging over his face up in one quick motion, tying it back in elvish fashion. Sculpted and flawless muscles flexed and relaxed on his back, his arms, his beautiful, shapely buttocks. Eyes like shining topaz he could see gazing off to the horizon, reflecting the moonlight, and revealing a striking exquisiteness within them. The eyes were not like this at the hall this morning, he thought. No, they were as they always are – expressionless, as though hiding pain and misery more than one could imagine. Fantasy stretched and yawned, hands reaching up to the heavens, and down again. A sideways representation he now saw, and viewed in all it's superb wonder his fantasy's sex, hard also, and looking decidedly lonely. Or was this simply his own thought, interpretation? Did Fantasy desire someone to perhaps help with his hard predicament? Could he be of assistance? Moments were spent once again arguing wordlessly with his own mind. Fantasy, however, spent no such time delaying with ineffectual wiles, instead lying down on the cold bench in the fresh garden, feeling wonderfully naked and radiant. His eyes closed around the night luminosity, revealing his own dreams and fantasies behind the curtained world of his mind. Soft fingers squeezed his nipples, and silky lips traced the milky skin over his décolletage. A strong, muscular leg slipped between his own, the thigh of this leg pressing urgently onto his sex, while the gentle weight of his body was lowered also. "Legolas," he sighed. The sensual feeling of soft hair stroking his face caused him to open his eyes. There, but a few inches above him was indeed Legolas, his hair falling gently in a golden halo around his face, tickling Faramir's forehead. The young captain of Gondor had now realised his fantasy was in fact reality! As if in response to the thought, Legolas slide down towards Faramir's now aching sex. He let the tip of his tongue find the head of Faramir's sex, and ran it round and around, while enjoying seeing his lover shake and tremble in ecstasy. He teased his lover with more licking, and hesitating, hovering above the head, before plunging the hot, hard sex deep into his mouth. Faramir cried out and bucked instinctively. His hips moved rhythmically against Legolas' mouth, his moaning grower ever more ragged and rapid. When stars appeared before his eyes, and it seemed all noise ceased, he felt his body swell up toward something elusive, something indescribable. A great tingling began from his groin, it moved too quickly up and out, and his climax caused him to cry out. His sweet nectar spilled into the elf's mouth, as Legolas licked and sucked it into his mouth in great draughts. Ye Gods, this is heaven! High up in the fort, Eomer continued to watch with ever growing fascination. So his fantasy had a lover, did he? A pang of hard and lonely jealousy surged through him, causing him to stroke his sex hard and violent. Moments later he reached his own pinnacle, sending him into waves of orgasm. He lay after dejected and sad. He loved Faramir, he thought. But he could not compete with an elf. Certain, he was a King, a good and strong King at that. But the elf was something quite opposite to him in manner, in learning, in qualities. Legolas was a gentle soul, who knew much of Middle Earth and its history and ways. This is what Faramir would want - knowledge, wisdom, beauty. Sleep overcame him, as below the two lovers disentangled themselves and stole away in different directions into the night. So tired, Faramir thought to himself. So very tired. He heard the water boiling over the fireplace. Getting up slowly, he retrieved the pan and filled the small bath. Delicious warm steam filled the room, and mingled with the startlingly fresh cold air coming in from the windows. He blew out the candles - all but one, leaving a flickering, dancing orange light across the stone walls. Just how he liked it! Stripping off the sweat-soaked tunic, he eased himself into the bath. Feeling the water seep into the roots of his hair was like heaven! It rimmed the clefts and niches of his buttocks and groin, washing away the salty residue left there. He set about rubbing his skin with the perfumed soap, and scrubbed hard into his scalp the thick, honey-like shampoo left on the sill. Never before had he smelt shampoo so edible! These people know how to live! Praise Eru! Lying there afterwards for what felt like an eternity, he began thinking things through in his mind. Legolas. The meeting in the hall at midday tomorrow. The large chamber bed, calling his name. The silken sheets, fresh and cool, that lay waiting to embrace any tired and unsuspecting person. The impact would be instantaneous, he thought! Sleep. Lovely, desirable sleep. He stood up and reached for the nearest towel. He dried his hair, and stepped neatly from the tub. The cool air was now too icy on his skin, and quickly he dried his body and threw on a simple nightshirt. With haste he now slipped down the hall and into his bed chambers, pulling the nightshirt over his head to reveal once again his nakedness, only seconds before his cheek hit the pillow. Weariness overtook him at great speed with sleep. "Where is Faramir?" Elessar questioned. Always late, he was! Faramir should know better. Low murmur filled the hall as sumptuous trays were brought in laden with breads, fruits, aromatic ham, blood red tomatoes and deep purple grapes, honey and sweet syrup, cream, and goblets filled with wine. Cutlery and silverware clinked and chimed in unison as the hall dived in with voracious greed. Legolas became increasingly aware of the King of Rohan staring at him. Or was it glaring at him? He could not tell easily. It was not without effort that one would look at Eomer. He was fine-looking, and distractingly so, Legolas thought. If he looked long enough he would not be able to tear his eyes away. Eomer would certainly think him rude, perhaps even strange. But come now, he chided himself. What is the Riddermark King doing now? Staring at me! Faramir entered from a far door, and sat close to Elessar. He looked flushed and bothered by something. His eyes he kept lowered, and his face unreadable. "Forgive me, Lord. I am delayed, but now am here. My attention is yours wholly and undivided." Elessar smiled momentarily at the captain, and returned to his plate. At least he is not angered! Faramir pondered the aspect of an angered Elessar. Not good, especially when you sit right next to him! Something more than these thoughts ran through his head now. Unnerving thoughts, thoughts that could cause an embarrassing arousal within moments. Not here, not now, he thought. Heat radiated from his face, his cheeks reddened. Something surged through his being. Like a chill, or a tremor. A silver necklace-chain appeared in a vision in the forefront of his mind. Unsullied and beautiful, this chain. Large of link, a single trinket placed in its link, and stunningly radiant upon a breast of immeasurable magnificence. Just the sight of this had thrown Faramir off course. Entirely he had forgotten the reason for his walking towards the Halls of Kings. This vision was exquisite! It imprinted itself on his mind. He saw himself moving closer to the opening in the wall, and he now viewed in spectacular glory the foundation upon which the chain rested. So erotic was the vision - the man standing naked and splendid, with only the necklace to adorn. The way it slid down his chest when he leant forward to pull his leggings on. He had watched, unable to rip his eyes away until at last the man had finished dressing and departed from his room. Glancing up, he laid eyes on Legolas, who flickered a brief smile his way. Faramir returned the smile with joy. Memories of last night, combined with the erotic nature of the vision in his head threatened to make him a liar! Elessar certainly does not have my undivided attention! Settle down. Be calm. Concentrate. Time drew on as slow as any time he could remember waiting so impatiently for something. Faramir was crouched low and uncomfortably behind the row of chairs and towels in the communal baths, so as not to be disturbed or discovered. I have to see this vision again, or I shall never sleep otherwise, he thought. Dreams of sleep would become waking reminiscence and sleep would abscond him. Contrary to this, however, his eyes closed slowly, fluttering open every now and then, until finally he deep in sleep. " Faramir? Are you alright?" A voice, low and husky, pierced into Faramir's dreams. Hours must have passed before my sleeping eyes, he thought as he woke suddenly, and pondered on how it could be that he fell asleep, and what exactly woke him up. "Faramir?" The voice from his dreams now sounded distinctly like it was reality, and not far away! "Are you well? Is there something wrong?" Eomer stood before him, a look of worry upon his face. Faramir jumped up at once, almost losing balance from the dizziness. "I am well. Thank you, my Lord, for the concern. I am sorry for you to have found me in this strange and inappropriate position. I was awaiting someone, and fell asleep while anticipating their arrival. I apologise and take my leave now, my Lord." Faramir stumbled through the words, and began walking towards the door before stating his intention to do so. He must be embarrassed, for some reason, Eomer contemplated. Perhaps he was waiting for Legolas, expecting him to arrive for a bath, so he could surprise him, and fell asleep in the meantime. Oh how unfortunate he was not planning this for me! Strange happenings, these days. Eomer shrugged as Faramir disappeared from the room, began stripping his clothes, and lowered himself into the tub.