A/U: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking the time to read my first story. I hope you all enjoy it, and i would really appreciate any comments. :) I will reply as best I can, and I will try to update at least once a week. Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong to Stephanie Meyer. I own nothing. (Other than my own characters.) I woke with a start, and a deep intake of breath. The stars and moon were winking at me through the trees that towered above me. The carpeted forest floor was cold beneath me, but I hardly felt it. The pain and burning my body felt, was beginning to dull. So, it had happened again. The one thing that persisted in my life was inevitable. The only thing was, I could never remember the events that happened prior to my burning. There was nothing, not even any snippets of vague memories. My mind was blank. The one thing I would always remember though, was that I knew why I burned, and always that my memories were lost to me upon wakening, and it happened every hundred years. I looked down at myself. Ugh, I thought. Why can't I ever remember that I would wake naked? Getting to my feet, I stumbled slightly, and grabbed the nearest tree for stability. I looked around for anything I could use to cover my modesty, and thanked the stars that I always felt when my burning was almost upon me, and could head for cover. Forests were always a welcome sight when I woke, though they didn't give me much in the way of self coverage. I walked around in the hope to find some leaves big enough, and came across a back pack. Rummaging inside, I found some clothes that looked to be about my size. Did I place these here myself? I wondered as I dressed. Perhaps I did. I couldn't recall, but it did seem likely that I would, knowing my burning was close. Thanking the stars again for my insight, I looked deeper into the back pack with the hopes that I had left myself some clues as to where I was. I had no idea, and no idea of which country I was in, either. There was nothing but a watch and a wallet that contained a drivers license and a large bundle of money. U.S. Dollars. At least I knew which country I was in. Now just to find out which state, city or town, and try and find myself somewhere to live and get a job. There was a few thousand dollars in my wallet, so I would find myself a motel for the night, and then begin my searching for work and a home. Swinging my back pack over my shoulder, I began walking in a northerly direction, hoping I wouldn't be too long in finding a road or town border. Walking through the thick vegetation, I was trying to force myself to remember anything of the last hundred years. I couldn't, and the more I forced myself, the more my head pounded. Shaking my head, I stopped trying, and stuffed my hands into the pockets of the jacket I was wearing. My hand came across a smooth, thin rectangle of plastic. Bringing it out, I was delighted to find it was a credit card. That made life a lot easier, if I couldn't find a job straight away. I was also glad to see that it was in my own name. It must have been a newly acquired card, as I was sure questions would be asked if an eighteen year old were to use it when she was supposed to be older. I couldn't recall what age I was, but I had burned more times than I could remember. At least a dozen, so that made me twelve hundred years old, give or take a few centuries. Well, at least I knew it had been a while since I used my own name, when my former self thought it was safe enough to do so now. Little clues that I had left for myself, but never anything bigger than that. It would be too dangerous to, in case someone else had found my pack while I was out of it. That would do me no good, especially when I had to hide my identity. Snapping twigs wrenched me from my thoughts, and as I whirled around to see who or what had broken them, a flash of something caught the corner of my vision. I snapped my head round, but was too late to catch a glimpse of whatever it was. I stood deadly still, and closing my eyes, I let my inner sense take over. It was a bit like a radar. I could see even though my eyes were closed, and my hearing became so acute, I would be able to hear a pin drop for miles. I could feel what was around me when I was like this. I could feel each tree and branch and leaf, and I could feel the animals and hear their heartbeats and breaths. As I let my sense do it's work, I detected nothing of any danger. No strange heartbeats or breathing, other than the small animals and birds in the forest. Frowning, I forced my sense further, as not all creatures had beating hearts or needed to breathe. Thankfully, there was nothing within my radius, and I thought that perhaps it was just a bird or a bat flying past me. Opening my eyes, I breathed a sigh of relief, and began walking again. I hated the first few days after waking. I was never at my best as I need to heal after burning. I wasn't my fastest or most astute, or had any of the weapons I needed after waking, therefore I was in more danger than normal. I needed to get to a motel quickly, so I could recharge. After an hour or two of walking, the sun began to peep through the trees, and the extra light let me see a little farther through them. Up ahead, I could see the rough outline of a road, and I smiled to myself. It was easier to follow a road than walk for miles through a forest. My sense only allowed me to see living things, so anything manmade was invisible until I could actually see it with my eyes. The road turned out to run straight through the middle of the forest, as the trees began again on the other side. Now I had a choice. Follow the road, where it might wind on for miles and miles, with nothing to see but trees and tarmac, or start through the forest on the other side, in the hopes of finding a town just past it. Letting my sense out, I searched to see if there was a break in the trees further ahead, but there didn't seem to be. Well, not within my range, anyway. I could sense for a good few miles, but it seemed the trees went on for more than that. So, the road it is then. Straightening my pack, I started along the road, praying that it would lead somewhere soon, as I was getting weaker. I really did need to get some sleep, and heal properly, but I couldn't do it out in the open. I was too weak to be alert to danger at the moment, so I needed the safe walls of a room. Taking a deep breath, I trudged onward. After what seemed like an eternity, and the sun had disappeared behind some thick, black clouds, I could see the border edge of a town. A weak smile tugged at the corners of my mouth. At last. Now I would be able to eat and rest. Picking up my pace a little, I headed straight for the town. About a half hour later, I edged slowly into the town. Passing the welcome sign to the town of Forks, I mentally noted the population. It was a fairly small town, but large enough for my needs. I just needed to stay inconspicuous for a while, and the population of almost three thousand was enough for me to do so. Walking down what I assumed to be the main street, as it had a number of stores, I quickly found a diner. Entering the small diner, a bell chimed as I opened the door. The few customers that were there glanced back to see who had entered. They quickly lost interest and went back to their food, which I was thankful for. I didn't like attention much, and was glad when they didn't seem interested in the stranger that had entered their town. Perhaps they were used to strangers coming and going. After all, their town was surrounded by a huge forest, that they probably had loads of hikers and campers all the time. Taking a seat at a table for two in the corner, a young waitress attended to me. "Hi. I'm Angela. Here is the menu, and today's specials are on the board. May I take your drink order, or would you like a couple of minutes?" Looking up at the tall girl, I found her eyes to be very kind. I smiled at her, and she blushed ever so slightly. She must be shy, too. "Hello, Angela. Yes, I would like some iced water please." I said. "Certainly," she answered, and turned to walk away. "Sorry, Angela," I said, and she turned back to me. "Could you make it a full pitcher? I've been walking for miles, and I really need it." She smiled at me, a beautiful smile, and wrote the order on her pad. "Of course. It's beautiful hiking territory, don't you think?" she asked, nervously. I couldn't help but smile again. People tended to do that around me. Talk whether they wanted to or not, and I could tell that she was really shy. "Yes, it is. Thank you," I answered, knowing too well that I actually didn't see much of the terrain while I was walking. Angela left to fetch me my water, while I studied the menu. It amazed me that I could remember how to read after each awakening, but always thanked the stars that I could. The tricky part was trying to figure out what I could eat, and what I would like the best. I glanced around the diner, inspecting the other customers meals, and looked across at a man wearing some sort of uniform, who was digging into what looked like a slab of meat. It looked delicious. Angela returned with my water, and poured me a glass, and placed the pitcher on the table. "Are you ready to order?" she asked politely. Now it was my turn to be embarrassed. "Um … could I have whatever that man is having?" I said, as I pointed discreetly across the diner. "Police Chief Swan?" she asked, as she glanced over to see what he had ordered. Police. Of course. It frustrated me that I couldn't remember and a frown edged it's way across my brow. "Yes," I said, calming my features again, as Angela looked back at me. "Steak?" "Please," I answered, blushing a slightly deeper shade. "Would you like all the trimmings and fries? Or we could do a nice salad on the side?" Angela asked. By the stars! Why couldn't I remember? I thought about what Angela had asked, and her tone of voice sounded like she wished me to have the salad, whatever that was. "Salad, please." She smiled and wrote down the order. "Coming right up," she said, and took the menu from me, and headed toward the kitchen area. Closing my eyes, I pressed the side of my head against the wall. Some things just came naturally to me, while other things had to be worked at.