~ Go away ~ The war was over. He had survived and had left everything behind him. He didn't need anyone to remind him what he had done. Especially not her. Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot. A/N: First HP and Dramione story, so I really need your feedback desperately. Read, enjoy and review please! . Thick black fumes started blowing out of his cauldron and Draco Malfoy swore just a few seconds before his copper cauldron exploded in his face. With a quick flick of his wand he had cleaned the mess and with another swish he had effectively repaired the cauldron, but the ingredients were wasted and his low stock indicated that he would have to visit the Apothecary in Diagon Alley soon. Joy . He hated going there after everything; after the war. Due to his now infamous last name, every single wizard and witch was looking down on him as if he was the scum of the earth. Not that he didn't deserve the treatment, he did; he just wished people would leave him on his own and would just let him be. It had already been four fucking miserable years since the Battle of Hogwarts and the Malfoy family still was the scapegoat of the outcome of the war. His Mother had safely moved to one of their estates in Paris in order to avoid the wrath of the wizarding community and his father was locked away in a cell in order to serve his 20-year sentence in Azkaban, but still people found it necessary that the Malfoys had to pay more for their involvement in Voldemort's circle. It was a wonder really that Draco had been spared of imprisonment and he had to thank Harry effing Potter and his bookworm friend for this. Not that he ever did. He had never thanked them in person or even spoken to them after his trial; a small bow of the head had been the only acknowledgement he had offered and even that had cost more to his pride that he cared to admit. After Voldemort had fallen, he had felt relief and had been eager to start over with his life as every teenager in his age did, because he had been a fucking teen back then after all, although people tended to overlook this detail as it suited them. Little did he know then that he would be forced to grow up at once and grow out of the wizarding world if he wanted to avoid contempt and finally lead a normal life. That's how he had ended up in Muggle London, running his own store and minding his own business in general. His current state was far from satisfactory, but until he was free to leave London and start afresh somewhere new - somewhere not a soul knew who he was or what he had done – it would have to do. "Herbs and Maladies", his otherwise muggle store – apart from the fact that a large portion of his products was magical potions - was flourishing and in that aspect he had finally succeeded. People rushed to buy whatever he introduced to his customers and came back again and again buying more and sharing the news in the most effective possible way; mouth-to-mouth marketing. In the next decade, he could be a muggle millionaire if he wanted, but his path was already set up and in just over than 2 years his business would be closed and he would at last leave London behind. With the thought of finally leaving away in his mind, Draco set to visit Diagon Alley and purchase the supplies he would need for the new order of a bunch of beautification potion for his shop. This potion in particular was number one in sales lately and he had to replenish it at least once a week. Upon entering the Leaky Cauldron he kept his head high and the familiar sneer on his lips firm, silently willing anyone to dare and talk to him. He had learned eventually that this pose worked better than trying to keep a low profile around. After he had successfully visited Gringotts, in order to exchange muggle money to galleons, and on his way to the apothecary, he mentally prepared the list of ingredients he would need to buy, trying to remember if he needed anything else from another store. He was so focused in his task wishing to save himself from another visit here soon, that he didn't notice the woman before he bumped hard on her back as he entered the Apothecary. He lifted his angry stare at her and swallowed hard immediately. It had to be her. Of course . He would recognize her curly chestnut locks anywhere. Out of all the witches visiting Diagon Alley, and all the other ones elsewhere which currently wished him death, it just had to be the one who had helped save him, didn't it? Stabilizing himself, he watched her making the expectable moves; steadying herself and turning around to see who the idiot - or creeper - was. Her mouth formed a perfect circle as her cinnamon eyes assessed his figure from his black polished shoes all the way up to his infamous white-blond hair. "Malfoy?" Let's get this over with. "Granger." he greeted stoically, willing her with all his might to stop staring at him and just go the fuck away . "What are you doing here?" she questioned incredulously. "I assume what everyone else does in the apothecary." when she didn't seem to understand his sarcasm he added "Stocking on supplies." "But why would you? I mean I've heard you don't live… I mean I've heard about you and- "Well, if you've heard about me that saves us from exchanging pleasantries which we both won't mean. Let's get back in our line and finish whatever it is that each of us is doing here, alright?" He saw her eyes narrowing in his obvious and rude dismissal and for a moment he thought he would find her fist on his nose again. But thankfully that didn't happen. She turned back to her line and whispered something along the lines of what a git , nothing has changed and blah blah blah. It suited him fine; he just wished to ignore her and everyone else. If only he didn't desperately need those ginger roots, he would have spun on his heel and apparated back at his flat at once, but alas. Business had to come first and even he recognized that he would eventually need to face some people from the past if the situation should arise. So he patiently waited behind her in line, abstractly assessing her atrocious hair, her small height and her tiny waist until it was his turn on the till. "I would like a bunch of fairy wings, a bottle of morning dew and two bunches of ginger roots." "I'm afraid we have run out of ginger roots, Miss Granger just took the last lot, but I will bring you the rest ingredients in a minute." "Are you getting some more soon? I'd better collect them all at once." "I'm sorry Sir, no. Ginger roots are very difficult to find in this time of the year and I'm not certain when we are stocking again. Would you like the rest of the order?" He calculated quickly in his mind. Would Granger share some of the ingredients she just bought with him? Highly unlikely, but the other prospect was to contact Longbottom and he'd really rather didn't. Damn it. "Forget it." he said dismissively as he quickly made his way out of the apothecary trying to locate Granger around. She couldn't have gone far and he really needed the ginger roots after blowing up the potion today. Sure enough he spotted her figure in Flourish and Blotts – where else? – and followed her inside, approaching the shelf she was currently browsing. "Granger." he said and tapped her lightly on the arm. She had quickly turned back, retrieved her wand from her pocket and pointed it at him in just milliseconds. Wow; constant vigilance, indeed. When she saw who he was, she instinctively lowered her wand but just a fraction – maybe because it was he after all. "Malfoy!" she said panting. "You gave me such a fright, you git. What do you want?" He didn't apologize; he rather jumped to the point at once. "I want to buy the ginger roots you just purchased from the Apothecary." She gapped at him with round eyes. "You want what? Are you mental?" "Look I need them and you bought enough, I'll pay twice their price if you just hand them to me without questions. Thrice the price." he added when she didn't reply. "No. I'm not giving you my supplies, forget it. Why can't you just go and buy it in the shop?" "Because you took the last of it you twit, that's why!" "What a nice way to request a favor. I said no and that's final Malfoy, go and bother someone else." she turned her attention to the bookshelf again. He swore inwardly. "Look Granger, you are supposed to be the sensible one. I need those roots and I'm willing to overpay them; in fact I will order for you the same amount as soon as it is delivered, why do you insist on being difficult?" "Ha!" Hermione scoffed. "I'm not the one here being difficult Malfoy and I don't particularly care about you needing something" she said scathingly. "As for me being the sensible one, how would you know? Just go away, alright?" He did just that. It really wasn't worth his time; Granger had always been that stubborn and it wasn't as if he had treated her better just moments prior – let alone thanked her for defending him at court four years ago. Fuck this ; he would have someone contact Longbottom on his behalf. . The next few days, while he was trying to kindly explain to his customers that beautification would be delivered next week - according to the status of the order he gave to Longbottom via Blaise Zabini - Hermione Granger popped in his thoughts more often than not. He forced himself to believe that this happened because she had refused to facilitate him that day and not because he had found himself intrigued. Apart from Granger, she was the typical bookworm, know-it-all, Gryffindor's princess, scarhead's best friend and a mudb… muggle-born. He had absolutely no reason to think of her of something else than annoying. Hell… He had absolutely no reason to think of her, period . As if to prove a point, that night he contacted Kate, the girl he was currently seeing, most times because she initiated their encounters rather than him. He effectively managed to push Granger, and all the other damning memories she brought to the surface, out of his mind for the rest of the week. . On Monday morning, Draco prepared himself to face that simpering idiot for the ingredients he needed; he really hated nothing more than stupidity and clumsiness and Longbottom scored high on both. Peachy. Draco tried to decide if he should wear muggle clothes or wizard robes for their meeting, when an owl landed on his open window and dropped a parchment on his feet. He bended over and retrieved the note. Longbottom couldn't make it. Fuck . How was he supposed to deliver the products on time, if the supplier couldn't keep a fucking deadline himself had set? He continued reading the note further on. The roots could be delivered today if Draco could fetch them from a bookstore in Muggle London until noon. He cursed Longbottom to hell and back and hurried to study his map in order to locate the damn bookstore. He considered apparating right outside of it to save time, but his experience with muggles