DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT OR ANY OF ITS CHARACTERS BESIDES WINNIE AND THE CHARACTER MARINA IS OWNED BY MY FRIEND LunarPotion! I ALSO DO REFERENCE TO DIFFERENT TV SHOWS, BOOKS, MOVIES ETC. I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THOSE EITHER! SO PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT SUE! I LIKE NOT BEING IN PRISON! Hello everyone! I am finally back, I hope you haven't missed me too much! Sorry it has taken me so long to continue Winnie's story, I have seriously been so busy and also I didn't really know how I wanted to continue with her story. But I finally got an idea and I have started working on this series once again! Now I have to warn you that this might be completely different from any of my other stories involving Winnie, because it has been three months since she volunteered to stay with the Volturi in order to save her family and Bella. Since then the Volturi have manipulated her and now she is not the same person, in fact she is the exact opposite. But I promise the Winnie you all know and love is still in there, just buried very deep underneath it all. Anyways so this is going to be the continuation of Winnie's story, I also want you to know that have a really good friend of mine that is going to be my co-author/moral support during the rest of this series. Her username is LunarPotion and she is a very talented writer who has agreed to help me. She is an awesome lady so you guys should defiantly check out some of her work. Well that's all I have to say for now, I'll see you all at the end of the first chapter of, "Broken Trust, Cracked Reflection" "Marina you need to hurry or else we are going to be late!" I exclaimed from the downstairs living room in our new and fully furnished house that was given to us by the Volturi. I wait a moment for a response but didn't get one so I opened my mouth to call out again, but before I could say anything I heard the sound of footsteps rushing down the stairs, "I'm coming!" I looked up and saw my 'twin sister' Marina bounding down the glass steps of the open staircase, "Sorry it took me so long. I wanted to look perfect for my first day of school." She started with a smile as she reached to bottom. I sighed and rolled my eyes as I looked her over, she was wearing a black long sleeved maxi dress that had a light colored floral print, it also had a deep V-neck and a modest slit on the skirt that reached her mid-thigh. She paired this dress tan colors strappy heels that went to a little bit above her ankle. Her light blonde hair was pulled back into a messy braid that rested on her right shoulder, and she wore very light and natural make up that made her deep blue eyes pop. Marina like always was able to flaunt her unique style in a very fashionable style, but there was only one problem that I saw. "You are going to freeze." I said with a smirk and cross my arms over my chest, "You realize this right?" Marina just waved off my comment and smiled, "Whatever, it will so be worth it." She then grabbed her medium sized tan leather shoulder strapped bag that had been on the couch. "You look nice, as always Blake. Are you nervous?" I was wearing a red long sleeved dress that went down to rest an inch or two above my knees, on my feet I have knee high tan leather boots. Around my neck I had a large plaid scarf that had the colors red, black, grey, and green. On my left wrist I wore a gold chained Michael Kors watch, along a couple other golden bracelets. My now blonde hair was curled and rested over my shoulders, and my makeup defined my features and my blue/green eyes stand out more, but it wasn't too heavy. I scoffed at Marina's question and rolled my eyes again, "Please I'm more nervous over this season of The Bachelorette than I am of returning to this hell hole." I stated with annoyed tone present in my voice, as I grabbed my large tan leather Fossil purse. "That being said, can we please get this crap over with?" Marina stared at me with a thoughtful expression for a couple of moments before she sighed and shook her head, "Sure. But we are taking my Jeep today!" She exclaimed with a wide smile as she pulled her shiny new car keys out of her purse. "Do we have to do this?" I asked as I grabbed a red apple from a bowl on the counter, "Can we just like pretend that we went to school and instead just stay here?" I pulled my aviators out of my bag as we continued to walk towards the front door. Marina just rolled her eyes, "Oh come on Blake! It's not going to be that bad, and besides we have already put this off for a week already. If we don't go to school today everyone will become suspicious. That was true, I had been able to talk Marina out of having to start school for about week now, but I knew that my time was up and it was officially time to face the music. I sighed and nodded, "I guess you're right. You remember the rules right? No thinking about you know who around the Cullens. And no making any big decisions about the you know what either. Any of that could get Edward's attention or even trigger one of Alice's visions." I explained for what was probably the 100th time. But we had to be careful, one slip up and the entire operation could be compromised. Marina gave me a serious look and nodded, "I understand Blake." She then gave me a small smile and placed a comforting hand on my shoulder, "Don't worry too much Blake, we will get this job done and be back home in Volterra before you know it." I gave her a small smile of my own and nodded, and then motioned for her to lead the way and I followed. We jumped into Marina's purple 2012 Jeep Wrangler and began the long drive to Forks High School. Marina turned on some random music as she drove, but I stayed silent and my mind started going over everything that had happened over the past three months that landed me back in this hell hole called Forks, Washington. ~~One and a half Months Earlier~~ One and a half months It had been one and a half long months since I made the decision to stay with the Volturi in order to save Bella's life. And in that time in-between I had not received a single letter from anyone in my family, or even from one single person that I had called my friends in Forks. I would go to Aro every day and ask about the mail and if there was anything for me, but every day I was met with the same response, nothing. At first I was suspicious because I had sent what seemed like a thousand letters to my family and friends, but I was promised by the leaders of the Volturi and countless other members that my letters had been delivered. So the question was, why didn't they reply? During this time my life style had begun to change drastically. I no longer drank the blood of animals, in fact just thinking of drinking animal blood ever again made me want to gag. I was strictly drinking human blood, though I had refused to be the one to kill any human, which the Volturi had reluctantly agreed to. So my eyes were now a deep red that match the color of the blood I drank. I started to spend more time with the different members of the Volturi and surprisingly found a weird kind of friendship in Jane and her twin brother Alec. I had also found a friend in a human named Marina Alys Scott. She was an average human teenager, she had a kind heart and a sisterly presence about her. She, like me (well at least at the beginning) didn't belong here, but the only family she had was her father and he had passed away a while back. With nowhere to go she followed the whispers and rumors that said that a secret organization took in strays, so she ended up as another secretary to the Volturi that was promised the chance at immortality. I had met her one day when I was reading in the library, she was reading one of my favorite books and we became fast friends, and she soon became the only person I fully trusted in this lions' den. So as time continued to pass and soon it had been two months, but I still waited for some kind of message from my family my mind kept going over our last moments together. Had I done something to upset them? I mean I had done what I did to save their lives, and also Bella wouldn't become a vampire at the hands of the Volturi. I did what I thought was right, so why would they be upset? This question kept racing through my mind until one day, I was walking around the garden with Jane. We had surprisingly become very close over the last two months and we would spend a lot of our free time together. So as we were walking around the garden Jane said something that made my blood boil, "I never got a chance to say this before, but I'm sorry that your family abandoned you Winifred." My eyes widened and then formed a cold glare, "They didn't abandon me Jane." I stated firmly and shook my head, "They are probably just really busy… They love me Jane, and they wouldn't just desert me." Jane sighed and grabbed my arm gently, "Winifred, I'm not supposed to tell you this, and even though it really does give me a lot of pleasure to see people suffer, you have to know." She then looked around to make sure no one was listening and then pulled me towards her, "About a week ago Aro sent Alec and I to Forks to check on your so called 'family', and make sure they were sending their letters to the right address." My eyes went wide once again, "Why didn't anyone tell me?! Shouldn't I be involved with anything that has to do with my family?" I asked with a hint of anger in my voice. Jane shook her head and moved her hand to my shoulder, "Winifred… We didn't tell you because we all knew that what we found out would only hurt you." I blinked a couple of times, confused at what she was talking about, and was about to ask when she continued. "Winifred I'm sorry but they haven't sent any letters. When we talked to them about the progression of Bella's transformation they didn't even mention you… It was like that they replaced you, by Bella." I froze. That was ridiculous! They would never do that to me, sure Bella was important to my family (including myself) but they wouldn't go so far as to let her take my spot in the family. More importantly abandon me, they knew I feared to be alone so they would never… Right? I stayed silent and Jane took that as her que to keep talking, "Think about it Winifred, if they really cared about you why haven't they done more to get you back? Why haven't they written you even one letter after you have sent them thousands?" I tried to ignore