DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN TWILIGHT OR ANY OF ITS CHARACTERS BESIDES WINNIE! I ALSO DO REFERENCE TO DIFFERENT TV SHOWS, BOOKS, MOVIES ETC. I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THOSE EITHER! SO PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT SUE! I LIKE NOT BEING IN PRISON! Hello everyone! Long time no see right!? I'm sorry for the lack of updates and stuff, my life has been super crazy. I got a promotion at work so I'm having an increase in my work load, I have also been sick a lot. And when I say a lot I mean A LOT! It has been a none stop time line of ER visits, doctor appointments, standing in line at the pharmacy, and laying passed out in bed. My diet basically consists of chicken noodle soup, water, cough drops, and whatever medicine I had been prescribed. So yeah I hate my life. Hahaha Anyways I have been wanting to work and update my Twilight fanfictions for a while now but I have been having a horrible case of writer's block, so I went back to the first one I wrote, 'On the Outside Looking In', and while I still liked it plot wise, the amount of errors in it drove me to the point of insanity. So I decided that the best way to get over my writer's block was to go back and edit/rewrite the first story. So this is what this is, I am going back and adding in different thing and also deleting things. It may change up a few things but it will still end up being close to the original story. So I am going to start fresh and upload this as a new story, which you can clearly see if you are reading this. I will try and work on a chapter at least once a week and post it once I have finished. I hope all of you that have already read my original story will read this one as well because like I said there are so changes. So when you read it I hope you will leave a comment and let me know what you think of the changes. Also I hope that those of you that haven't read my original story will also let me know what you think but from a fresh new point of view, I mean you are more than welcome to read the original story I just hope that you will let me know what you think. But no matter if you have read my stories before or not I hope you will enjoy this none the less. Well that's enough out of me for now, so please enjoy the first chapter of the rewritten/edited 'On the Outside Looking In'. I stood in the mirror looking myself over for what felt like the 100th time, making sure everything was where it was supposed to be and that it looked perfect. I was wearing a pair of dark blue jeans, with a white and black stripped tank top. I paired this with a light red cardigan, a long gold chain necklace that had a light blue and white oval marble stone on it, and then a pair of white flats. I had my long light ginger hair down laying against my chest and with big curls at the ends. I was getting ready for yet again another day of school. Another day of pretending that what the teacher was talking about was new information, spending lunch pushing food around on our trays, and last but not least getting gawked at by every single person in the entire school. I hated that the most. I hated it when people stared at me, it made me feel like I was some vulnerable animal in a zoo; and what made it even worse was that we were living in the small nobody town of Forks, Washington, and that meant that everyone was extremely nosy! I hated nosy people, and since everyone in this town was gossiping and snooping around basically made me start to hate people in general. Well I didn't exactly hate people, they just made me very nervous and anxious. I was constantly having to stay alert because if I spilled even once it could mean disaster for me and my family because of the skeleton we kept in our closet. That was our big family secret was, and well there was no easy way to say it, so here it is… We are all vampires. Now that being said the first thing that I need to address is that we are not like the vampires you read about in old novels, meaning we don't sleep in coffins, we are not affected by garlic or crosses, and most importantly we don't drink human blood. Now a lot of vampires do drink human blood, but everyone in my family stick to drinking animal blood. Because of our special diet it causes our eyes to not be dark red like the vampires that drink human blood, instead our eyes are a deep shade of gold. Now as vampires we all have special traits that we share, like very fast reflexes and an enhanced sense of smell. But also there are some that have extremely special and unique traits that are not shared by others. Two examples are my brother Edward and 'sister' Alice; Edward has the gift to read the minds of everyone around him, unfortunately he doesn't really have a way of controlling what he hears meaning he hears EVERYTHING. Alice on the other hand can see the future, this is how she knew about the new girl coming to Forks. But like for Edward there is a down side to this, she cannot chose what she see and not every vision she has is set in stone, this is because the future is always changing because of the choices people make. I also have a special ability, I can change my appearance. This comes in handy a lot when we move from town to town every few years and it helps when people start to become suspicious of me or my family. You see not only could I change my appearance I could also hide my vampire traits, but I rarely ever do that because it takes too much strength out of me and it takes a lot of concentration. You might think that this is really cool though, which in a way it is but like Edward and Alice there is a down side. I can't always control it, because my transformation are somehow linked to not only my mind and body but to my emotions as well, and unfortunately for me I am not the best at control my emotions. Like when I feel very embarrassed or nervous my hair will turn a bubble gum pink color, or when I get extremely angry or upset my hair will become a bright red. What is worse is that if my feelings get too uncontrollable my skin will even start to change colors! This problem had sadly become a big issue for my family so we has decided that it would be for the best that even though Edward was older than me that we pretended we were twins so that I could have more classes with him and the others. This made sure that I was never really alone and so if something did happen some would be there to run damage control. I wasn't exactly excited about the idea of not being able to be alone, but after a couple of makeover accidents a few decades back I realized it was for the best and accepted my fate. I jumped when I was suddenly broken out of my internal rant by Edward continuously saying my name, "Winnie, will you please come back to Earth?" He said with a playful smile on his face, as he leaned up against the frame of my bedroom door "Your thoughts are extremely loud and if possible would be giving me a headache." I sighed gave my older brother an apologetic smile, "Sorry Edward… I just hate how everyone at school treats us." I explained as I leaned back in the seat, "They either look at us like we are circus freaks or like some kind of superheroes… It makes me nervous and uncomfortable." Edward walked over to me and pulled me into a hug, "I know it does Pooh Bear." He said using the nickname he gave me long ago. "But thinking loudly while fussing over yourself in the mirror will not help at all." He said with a chuckle as he pulled away from me, "Now are you all ready to go? The others have already left." I nodded and moved over to my bed, I grabbed my leather messenger bag and the book I was currently reading, 'Pride & Prejudice'. I then followed my older brother out of the house and to the garage where his silver Volvo was parked. Once we were both inside the car and strapped in, Edward backed out of the garage and sped down the road towards school. The car was silent minus the sound of classical music coming from CD playing in Edward's car, which help clamed my nerves as I gazed out the window and watched as the different shades of green from the trees blended together. After a while though a thought popped into my head, "So Alice mentioned to me last night that a new girl was starting school today." I said as I gazed out the window, "She won't say much about her besides that she is important for some reason. Have you seen anything else about her through your Brain Wave Station?" Edward shook his head and I could sense his annoyance, "Unfortunately no I have not. Whatever she knows she is keeping it locked up tight, she is being very protective of this one." He then chuckled lightly, "Every time I try and pick at her mind she will break out into her own rendition of 'Walking on Sunshine'." I laughed at the antics of my best friend. Alice was definitely my sister at heart, she was the only one, besides Edward, that I spent the most time with. Of course I would spend time with my other family members, but Alice and I had a special relationship. She was my anchor when I felt like my life was spinning out of control, the person that kept my life from becoming dark and twisty like something you would only see in an extremely cheesy movie or read about in a dime store novel. I considered my eternally damned life blessed to have her in it. But Edward was right, Alice was keeping whatever vision she had locked up tight. It was kind of nerve raking because it meant that this girl, whoever she was could spell out trouble for all of us. "I'm worried about this Edward." I stated plainly and looked over at him, my grip on his hand tightening slightly, "This girl could be nothing but bad news for us, but you would think that if she was going to be a problem that Alice would tell us… I mean that isn't something she would hide from us… Right?" Edward nodded slightly, "Normally yes, but you can never tell with Alice. Her definition of bad occasionally doesn't match up to ours." I nodded in agreement, "But if it had anything to do with our family secret she would tell us. Her view on that matter is always the same as ours." It was true, while the members of our family didn't always agree on a lot of things, but the one thing we did agree on was that our secret stays just that, a secret. Edward sighed, "One would hope so." He then looked over at me with a serious expression, "That being said Winnie, since we know