Okay well I'm here with my Hunger Games universe fic. I decided to go with the Neko Peeta idea so sorry to all who don't like it :(. Anyways as you may know I finished my first fic He Took My Heart and am going to focus on this and my other two stories before writing a sequel. But yeah hope you enjoy it, it's not that eventful this chapter but still :D. Just a heads up Cato so far is a lot different then how I've portrayed him thus far in my other stories... I mean I hope you still like him, his more of the brute then the charmer in this story. Anyhoo gosh I'm nervous about this story. Would love to get some feedback! As I have said before, all grammar and spelling errors are my own and I apologise ahead. Also I do not own any part of the Hunger Games... wish I did but I don't still thank you Suzanne Collins for your amazing series. Warning: smut, swearing, possible drug use, violence, boy on boy, possible girl on girl, talk of abuse, OOC-ness and all the wonderful bad things in life. Okay so without further-a-do here's my new story. Fighting For Control Chapter One: What Is Fate? As I stared out at the vast city before me I wondered how I had gotten here. I mean I already knew that but why? Was this fate or random circumstances? Was a higher power in control of my life or was I? The cool night breeze sent a shiver down my spine, the people filling the streets below celebrating. I felt sorry for how naive and blissfully idiotic they were. They viewed the Hunger Games as a game show, a exciting chance to bet on the life of one survivor. My guess was they were brain washed into thinking it was nothing, not sparing a second thought to the children they sent to their deaths, to broken families left behind, the districts that lost at least one child a year to their Games. It upset me I could not open their eyes to the immorality of it all. It also upset me I was never going to get a chance to live a full life, or even a short exciting one. What I mean to say was fate, if it was real, had not been the kindest to me. When I was born I was taken away from my family for several months. According to my father the healers are forced to test our blood was soon as we are born. The test is sent off to the Capitol and if the blood work is a match, like mine was, they took us away to run experiments and procedures. Thankfully I don't remember my time in the hospital, that being said I had a few constant reminders of what they did to me. You see I was apart of a group of infants that were genetically altered. In the quest for the people of the Capitol to find the new craze, something they considered to make them physically perfect, it was decided slicing DNA was the next step. When I arrive here I saw that it must have been successful. I noticed a handful, of I assumed the richest people in the Capitol with different animal features. I didn't understand why they would want to look like that. I hate what they did to me but I couldn't change back. My DNA was mixed with that of a cat. That meant I had somehow grown pointed car ears on my head and a long furred tail out of the same of my back. In a way I was thankful for what they did. I excelled in coordinated and agility. My senses were heightened, and I was surprising strong for my short stature. But like all this it was a blessing and a curse. While my family received a financial settlement for my involvement my mother was never the same. She hated me, beat and abused me because of what I had become. She told me I was a monster, a freak, and that her baby had died when they took me away. She basically disowned me, ashamed of what I was. When I was younger I didn't understand until the bullying began. I was relentless made fun of for my extra appendages. And as time had gone on I had leant to hide them well, myself ashamed of them. Though that all changed after the day of the reaping. I had gotten up at sunrise as I did every morning, carried in three large sacks of floor for my father to start making the beard to the kitchen from the storeroom. He greeted me in the kitchen and we got to work. I was not close to my father but I knew he still loved me all the same. Once the first lot was done I rushed upstairs and proceeded to bath myself, scrubbing as much floor and coal dust off my body before returning to my room to see my father had laid out some the best clothes we owned. I carefully pulled them on, not wanting to crinkle them. I then put on my shoes before returning to the bathroom to look in the mirror. I carefully wrapped my tail around my waist and tucked my shirt in. Then I forced my ears to lay flat and styled my hair so it covered them. Once I was done I went back down to the bakery to find my mother and brothers waiting on me. "What took you so long?" She barked making me flinch. "I'm sorry I had it make sure my tail was tucked in properly." I replied looking down at the ground. "Well fine, you boys go check yourself in. Your father and I will be there once we have finished setting up the bakery." She orders. My brothers start to walk off and I follow. My eldest brother Reuben was now to old to take part in the reaping but I guess my mother wanted him to make sure Ryden and I checked in on time. The town square wasn't a far walk from the bakery, and once we arrived we both lined up to be checked in while Reuben stood off to the side. My brothers and I had a weird relationship. They didn't really involve me in their lives but were still overly protective of me when it came to anyone else. Once my finger had been pricked I was sent off to stand with the other sixteen year old boys. I looked around the crowd to spotted my one friend Delly. She gave me a sad smile, which I returned before turning back to the front. It wasn't long before the District Twelve's escort walked up on stage. Effie Trinket was a, well for lack of better words, charismatic woman. She dress as others in the Capitol did and always appeared to be bursting with joy. She went on about the games and then the video to remind us of the dark days played. I truthfully think no one actually pays any attention until the names of the tributes are read out. As always she read out the girls first. It was heartbreaking when she called out Primrose's name. And even more so when her older sister Katniss volunteered in her place. I didn't know her very well but she was my age, I had helped her once. Throwing burnt bread to her when she looked as though she might waste away from starvation. I had received a sever beating from my mother for it and not a single word to this day from Katniss. I almost envied how strong and powerful she came off as. It was something I had never felt but longed for the day I finally did. Effie then proceed with the boys and when my name was called out I almost started to cry right there. This was my death sentence, there was no way I was going survive this. I slowly made my way on stage and did as Effie instructed before I was pulling into a waiting room. A few minutes later Delly walked in, she quickly ran into my arms and started sobbing. "It's okay Delly." I reassure not only her but myself. "No it's not, you're my only friend Peeta, I don't want to watch you die." She pulls a tissue out of her pocket and hands it to me. "It can be your district token. I'll be with you in the arena that way." I open up the tissue to find a long silver chain inside with a pendant on the end. It was a beautiful silver angel wing. "Thank you Delly." I say hugging her again. A peacekeeper opened the door and told Delly her time was up. "Don't let them change you." She whispers before she left with a sad smile and a moment later my family walked in. My mother just stood at the door while my brothers both hugged me tightly. My father was next, also hugging me tightly before whispering in my ear. "I don't care what you have to do Peeta, just come home to us." He let's go and I nod. The peacekeeper returns and as my family leaves my mother turns and glares at me. "At least District Twelve may finally have a winner this year." I brushed off her words and tried to stay a positive as I could. A moment later we were escorted onto the train and headed for the Capitol. During the ride there it had become clear our mentor Haymitch was not going to be that much help. He had openly laughed when he saw my ears and tail. While Effie had gushed about how many sponsors I'd get just for how I looked. I guess the idea of having a slight advantage in that field was comforting. Though I was nervous about having to openly show all of Panem my extra appendages. When the viewing for the reaping was on I thought it best to mentally make not of who I had to keep an eye out for. District One's tributes were attractive but looked deadly. District Two's looked ruthless. The small girl scared the life out of me but when I saw the boy I was lost for words. He was tall and well muscled, he had chiselled features and almost platinum blonde hair. I don't know what happened to me, I was transfixed on the older boy. He scared me to death but he was so attractive. The majority of the other tributes didn't really catch me eye. The girl from District Five obviously had been through the same thing I did as an infant. She had fox like features are a bushy tail that matched her orange-red hair. The tributes from Eleven were polar opposites. The boy huge and mean looking, the girl small and so innocent. It pained me to see a child so young and innocent looking thrown into the area with other tributes like the ones from One and Two. Once we had arrived in the Capitol I did my best at putting on a show. I waved and smiled as I left the train. Effie though it best I hide my ears and tail until the parade later. I was glad to have her on my side honestly. We both knew my game was I lot more on the social then physical side. I was surprised that Haymitch seemed happy that I knew what I was doing. Maybe he would come round in time. Once inside Effie escorted me to a large room where people were waiting to 'clean' us up. She told me to just grin and bare it because in the end it was worth it. I did as she said, the worst part being the