Omg! Can you believe it it finally here! The sequel I promised soooo many months ago has finally been started. I do hope you enjoy it, this chapter for obvious reasons it slow, had to reintroduced everything again. But still there's smut to make up for it. (yes I know smut already Buuuuttttt I figure since the original had soooo much smut I might as well let my dirty mind run free with the sequel aswell.) As you guys probably know I'm working on I think it's four other stories at the moment so update wise you guys should get one every fortnight. That's kind of what I'm aiming for now since I have so many differing stories and I don't wanna pump out short stupid chapter sooo... hope you don't mind waiting. xo And I know most of you have already voted but if you haven't please please please vote for my next story on my profile! Xo Oh and two things, firstly I'm sorry to all those who got confused on the last chapter. Cato is indeed alive... it even says his name at some point in the last few sentences I'm pretty sure. I know I made it seem like Peeta was alone but that was my sucky attempt as showing how messed up he now was or is in a way. He's changed after that and not in a good way. Secondly to the unnamed guest who reviewed my last chapter: I'm sorry if how I wrote the situation upset you. I personally when through something like that myself and I didn't mean to poke fun at the situation, I reread the beach house scenes but didn't see what you mentioned, I may be blind though. If anyway it may have been a misguided paragraph showing Peeta was passed or trying to get over and not holding onto the situation. (something I do when what happened to me come up) so I just wanted to say that before starting the sequel. Again I take the assault issue very serious because of what I went through and I do hope I didn't offend/upset to many people. As I have said before, all grammar and spelling errors are my own and I apologise ahead. Also I do not own any part of the Hunger Games... wish I did but I don't still thank you Suzanne Collins for your amazing series. Warning: smut, swearing, possible drug use, violence, boy on boy, possible girl on girl, talk of abuse, OOC-ness and all the wonderful bad things in life. He Owns My Heart Chapter One: A Return To Normal I woke with a jolt, sun blinding my vision the moment my eyes opened. I laid there as my eyes adjusted and I took in my surroundings. I was in my bed, the nightmare I was having moments ago faded away as I realised it wasn't real. I pulled the heavy quilt over my shoulder, it was now winter and while the sun was still shinning as bright as ever, it felt freezing outside of the warmth of my bed. It helped I think I wasn't alone under the blankets, the thought made me smile. His arm was heavy, wrapped over my side and his body was pressed right up against mine. It made me smile thinking about him and how much I loved him. It was amazing, morning likes these. Even with the constant nightmares, which thankfully were reoccurring less and less, when I woke up with him here it felt like everything that had happened was from another life. It was as if it wasn't real and we could just will it all away, and while I wasn't the same boy before everything that happened, I had gotten closer to that version of myself over time. I knew I could never be completely the same as before but I wanted to feel as close to who I was as possible. Sometimes when I woke I still couldn't differentiate between what had happened or what hadn't, what was real and what was just my mind playing tricks on me. Since, the stalkers disappearance, I didn't like to hear or think his name anymore, me and Cato had really become inseparable. We have become more dependant on each other then ever. It disappointed me that neither of us were the same people we once were. We weren't as daring or care free, we socialised sure but nothing like we used to. School though had thankfully had gone back to normal, our peers seemed as if they forgot about what had happened and stopped treating, mainly me, as pariahs. We still heard the whispers from time to time but it was now more about our relationship then anything else. I still had to see a shrink, once a week by myself and then once with Cato. I was thankful my solo sessions had been cut back to once a week. I felt like she had helped me get through most of my issues and now it was mainly just maintaining my sanity. Or that's what I joked about when talking to Cato. The second one was more a support group for teens who had been through situations like our own. It wasn't as bad as it had seemed at first, we made a few friends thankfully. They didn't look at us with pity or judgement, they understood and just excepted it as a part of our past. Cato at first had hated the idea of the group meetings but went for my sake and slowly it had helped him open up more. Not to say our friends treating or looked at us any differently, they were amazing and Delly and Clove made sure to force us out once a week to hang out with the rest of them. Those girls were amazing, they really took care of Cato and myself and I adored them both for it, we both did. My father was still as overprotective as ever. If he knew I wasn't at Cato's or school he'd text me every few hours and if I didn't reply he would start ringing. And if I didn't pick up quick enough sure enough Cato's phone would start ringing. Chloe was the same, forever keeping an eye on us if we weren't home with her. And she was a big help to me, it took me a few weeks to finally tell both Cato and our parents about what Derrick had actually done to me but with the help of my therapist I told them. While Cato and my father had been filled with rage and basically went off the deep end about it, Chloe had once again been there as an ear and supported me completely. It was kind of strange, knowing she had been in a situation like my own but comforting at the same time. Like I wasn't alone and I could turn to her for anything. She really had become the mother I never had. My mother and Cato's father on the other hand still wanted nothing to do with either of us. It still stung in a way that the couldn't just except and love us for who we are but we both knew we were better off without them. We didn't need that negativity in our lives anymore. Ry had thankfully started to treat me normally again as well, not longer acting as if he had to walk on eggshells around us. It took a few months but with the help of Madge, who he was now dating exclusively, he was back to teasing me like nothing had ever happened. It was kind of odd though because this was the first time all of us were in committed relationships. Katniss and Gale were as strong as ever. Clove and Marvel down played how serious about each other they were but we all knew what was really going on between the two. Delly had stayed in contact with Finnick and he drove down as often as he could. It was a struggle for the two of them but they some how made the long distance thing work. It was still a little weird around Finnick though. Cato didn't seem to have a problem but with how similar their physical characteristics were I saw the stalker in him to often. Don't get me wrong, he was a really nice guy and great for Delly but I just felt awkward around him. Like he might hate me a bit for being the factor that unhinged his brother. But I liked that we all still were so close even though we had a significant other. It did mean a lot of double and triple dates though, Clove and Delly forcing us to come out with them was a given and I enjoyed it. But I enjoyed coming home and being alone with Cato more. I felt him start to stir behind me, a deep breath brushing passed my shoulder as his grip on my tightened. I smirked as he ground his morning wood against my backside. That was something I was glad to have back to complete normality, our sex life. Initially we had to be careful with Cato's injury, then when I finally told Cato about what the stalker had done to me we had a whole new hurdle to work passed. He once again became reluctant and scared to push me again, and like last time it had to come down to me scheming up a plan. Let just say I got creative with my underwear and the bedpost while he was asleep one morning. After that it took awhile but we got our groove back and sex had become as regular as before. "Morning babe." Cato purred before kissing my bare shoulder. Something I was still getting used to. I wasn't one to sleep nude but Cato had convinced me to at least sleep without a top on some of the time. Him on the other hand seemed to never want to wear clothing anymore. He would take and chance to get nude he could get. I swear if we actually lived alone he'd probably only be in clothes if he was leaving the house. "Morning." I replied happily as I interlocked our fingers. "What's the plan for the day?" He asked as he continued to plant kisses up my shoulder and the back of my neck. I knew straight away how he wanted to start our day, I yawned and stretched before answering. "Hide in bed all day. Maybe pretend the bed is actually an island and we are stranded here with nothing but each other." Cato let me go before turning me onto my back and crawling between my legs. "I like the sound of that." He grinned as he lowered himself on me. My legs naturally moved to warp themselves over his own as I brought my hips up to grind against his own. "So today you just wanna stay it?" I ask as he started to bite and suck on my weak spot situated on my neck. He knew exactly what to do to turn me and so I couldn't say no to him. He nodded against my shoulder before trailing kisses up my neck, continuing up my jaw until he found his way to my lips. Once air was an issue he pulled back. "I like spending all day in bed with you." He smirked as he started to buck his hips into mine own. I let a moan pass my lips as I held onto Cato back. My hands slowly slid down his sides before stopping at his hips. I rubbed circles into them with my thumbs before I'm hands moved towards his abs. As I made my way up is perfectly toned body my fingers grazed over the one physical reminder of that nightmare of a day. My mind went straight back to