Okay well I know unexpected release of a new story not in my list of ideas but this came to me a few weeks ago and I haven't been able to shake it which of course means I wasn't able to write updates on my other stories until I wrote this. Soooo here it is :) This chapter is kind of I don't know slow? Boring? You tell me but it's just and introduction I suppose. :/ I'm kind of nervous, I've never written from Cato's pov and I feel like maybe this isn't as good as my other newer stories... so please be nice. I do hope you like and and please if you do or if you just wanna say anything please please please review I could use all the feedback I can get. I know I say that a lot but it's true it really does help, not matter how small or insignificant it may seem. :). Anyways much love to you all. I hope all is well, I'm off to enjoy my weekend. (meeting alexander ludwig on sunday soooo I'm hell excited) Oh ps I fly back one Wednesday Sooooo I'm hoping to get some updates done over next weekend if I'm not to busy. Sorry for making y'all wait. Xoxoxoxoxoxox As I have said before, all grammar and spelling errors are my own and I apologise ahead. Also I do not own any part of the Hunger Games... wish I did but I don't still thank you Suzanne Collins for your amazing series. Warning: smut, swearing, possible drug use, violence, boy on boy, possible girl on girl, talk of abuse, OOC-ness and all the wonderful bad things in life. It's Hard To Say There Is Nothing I Regret Chapter One: Facing A Broken Heart As I pushed my foot down onto the accelerator I replayed the voicemail message I had now played over ten times. 'Cato, I know you're back and I know he's not your responsibility anymore but I need your help. You know since you left he hasn't been the same and it's gotten worse, I'm really worried. He hasn't come home in days and he won't return my calls, if you hear anything please let me know.' I sighed scrolling through my contacts until I found the number I wanted. I hesitated for a second, questioning if I would be able to do this. If I was prepared for what could happen if I saw that boy again. The problem was I felt partly responsible for how Peeta was acting now. Our relationship had never been perfect but I couldn't deny we had both truly loved each other at some point. And I knew some of that love was still there, hidden away. Our relationship had lasted over four years before we had ended things abruptly, days before I had left for my training program abroad. Truthfully we had been having problems for months, me leaving was just a way for both of us to end things without really facing and fixing all the problems we had been having. Honestly I was angry at myself for having let Peeta go so easy but at the time we were in such a bad place that it had clouded my judgement and ruined any chance of us saving what we had. I knew I had to do this, help him face his demons and get back to the boy I had fallen for years ago. It was the right thing to do. I pressed call and brought the phone to my ear. It rang a few times before I heard someone pick up. "Cato? I haven't heard from you in ages, how's things going?" "I'm good Marvel, and I know it's been awhile but I'm actually calling about Peeta." I reply hoping if what I heard was true, that if Peeta was self medicating he would still being getting what he needed from Marvel. "Why am I not surprised. Look I know you're going to be pissed I'm still supplying him but I figured better me then some dodgy dealer who might physically hurt him when he's late paying." "Marvel." I cut him off not wanting to hear excuses or him validating all the rumours surrounding Peeta. "Just tell me where he is tonight." "I'm not sure honestly." I sigh starting to get pissed off. "Look let me make some calls and I'll get back to you alright." "Thank you, I'll be waiting." I hang up the phone as I pull up to Peeta's apartment. Maybe there was a clue to where he had disappeared to. I walk up to the building and head for the staircase. After jogging up the three flights of stairs to the third floor I found the door I was looking for and knocked. A few moments later the door unlocked, Quinn's familiar blonde hair was the first thing that came into view. He was shorter then me, but still stood taller then Peeta. He had almost white blonde hair and have a very in your face style. Him and his twin sister Maddie were related to Peeta because his older brother married their older sister. And they had grown very close over the years. He stood dumbfounded for a second just staring at me. "You're not my pizza." He blatantly rolled his eyes sarcastically but smiled at me and let me in. Walking in was a weird mix of deja vu and an uncomfortable feeling. "It's changed a lot since I moved out." I say observing the new paint and furniture. "He wanted a change after you left. So why are you here Cato? When I rang you I asked he you heard anything call me, not show up and possibly make things worse." Quinn said sitting down on and large purple couch. I knew he wasn't being rude, he was just concerned about Peeta. "I feel like it's my fault." I simple answer. "So are you going to tell me how deep in he is?" Quinn sighs and looks away from me. "To deep, he's totally lost. He's withdrawn, moody and blatantly using. He's been caught twice now, if he gets caught once more they are going to charge him. He hardly comes home anymore and I've tried so hard to fix it but he won't let me." Quinn seemed to be getting frustrated and I could see his eyes starting to tear up. "My scared we've lost him and that I didn't try hard enough to stop it. I mean at first I gave him space so he could get passed your break-up but he started spiralling and I should have noticed." "Quinn you've been doing fine, I know on your own it's hard but I'm here now aswell and I'm going to stick around until he's better I swear." I sit down next to him and pull him into a hug. It felt weird but so familiar. Before I had left we were actually pretty good friends but after the fall out with Peeta we had drifted apart. I guess living with Peeta made it hard keeping our friendship alive. "You better, I don't want to think about how bad it could get if you didn't. I'm glad you came back though, maybe seeing you will help him realise what he's doing to himself." Quinn says pulling away and smiling sadly. "Do you know where he might be?" I ask checking my phone to see if Marvel had gotten back to me. He hadn't unfortunately and I began to worry about what possible situation Peeta had gotten himself into. "No, he stopped telling me months ago. I don't even know who he hangs out with anymore. Marvel's still dealing to him though, he's the only one apart from me who's seem him really." "Yeah I called Marvel already, I'm hoping he gets back to me soon." I say pulling my phone down on the modern glossy table in front of me. "Well you've covered all bases then I see. You know he won't even reply to Delly's texts, and she and him used to be so close. I don't even know what happened to him, he just shut down and shut everyone else out." Quinn says getting up and grabs his phone off the kitchen bench. "And I honestly don't know how he'll react when he sees you. Where are you living now anyway?" "Well depends on the day, I stayed with a few friends the last two weeks but right now I'm using my car." I say hesitantly, but I knew better then to lie to Quinn. "You're kidding right? Cato why haven't you gonna home? I'm sure your family have gotten passed everything by now." Quinn replies sitting down again. "I haven't spoken to anyone from my family since that day Quinn and I'm not going to." I re-check my phone not wanting to really discuss my family. "Look I'll fine, it's Peeta I'm more concerned about." "Okay, but please say here on the couch until you find a place. I know it's going to hard with Peeta but you can't live out of your car Cato. It's not right and we used to close, I don't see why we can't be again. I mean we have a common interest, Peeta's health." Quinn says as there was a knock at the door. "I'll just be a second." He says getting up and heading over to the door. Quinn returned with a taller brunette behind him, Lance. Quinn and him had been dating long before I left, though if I remember correctly they broke it off a few months before I left. I guess they are working things out. "Lance." I nod standing up and shaking his hand. "Good to see you again." "Like wise, Quinn told me you were back. Come to clean up the mess you created?" Lance questioned. "Lance!" Quinn scowled. "Actually I have, I know I fucked up." I say knowing he was just being protective. "Good, I'm glad you finally wised up. I just hope you haven't come back to late to be able to fix it." Lance said heading for the kitchen. My phone started to ring and thankfully it was Marvel. "Sorry I need to take this it's Marvel, he may know where Peeta might be." I say standing up and heading for the balcony. "Tell me you know where he is?" "A friend of a friend spotted him at 226 West Pope Street. Its an industrial area so keep an eye out for cops and shit." "Sure thanks Marv, I owe you one." I say heading back inside. "Sure thing, we'll have to catch up soon." He replies before hanging up. I head straight for my keys and towards the front door. Quinn gave me a questioning look as I passed him. "I think I know where Peeta is." I say quickly. "Bring him home." Quinn calls out as I walked out the front door. I drove towards the address Marvel gave me with no regards to the speed limit. I had to find him tonight, I had to get to him before he disappeared again. When I got close I parked and headed towards what I assumed was the right building. I was one of those abandoned industrial warehouses. Once filled with worked and machinery but now a place filled with loud beats and flashing coloured lights. It was evident a rave was currently in full force. I passed small groups of different types people, all here for the same reason, to forget their problems and just dance away the night. I used to love things like this back before I moved away, before everything got so much more real and hard. The warehouse was huge and impossibly packed. There had to be hundreds of people packing this place, it was going to be hard trying to find Peeta, a needle in a hay stack.