Soo basically I'm a terrible person, I've been stuck in a non-writing limbo for months now. I don't know how to fix it, I've started new chapters and gotten bits down but not gotten very hard. That said I'm making progress recently and I'm hoping to be back at it within the next two to three weeks (thank god). Anyway this is just a very cliché one-shot that I wrote over the last two days... hope you like it and all. it was originally supposed to continue on and be longer but I'm happy with where I finished it. Still I'll happily love anyone who reviews. As I have said before, all grammar and spelling errors are my own and I apologise ahead. Also I do not own any part of the Hunger Games... wish I did but I don't still thank you Suzanne Collins for your amazing series. Warning: boy on boy, cliché high school love, maybe swearing... I don't remember. All For Nothing We had been friends for as long as I could remember, having met in daycare and then going to the same school together. Back then we were just two blonde boys who didn't really have any other friends and naturally gravitated towards each other. As we grew up though no matter how different we became we always had each others backs. He was always taller, always stronger. His hair was a light shade of blonde, eyes icy blue. He was built like an ancient warrior or gladiator, which he put to good use playing for three varsity teams at our high school. He was undeniable handsome, courageous and surprisingly smart. Something I admired so much, no matter how much crap he got from the other guys on the team you could find a new book in his bag every week. Then there was me, I wasn't on a sports team, my hair was more a wheat colour, and curled when I let it grow out. It wasn't gelled into a perfect spikes, my eyes were blue but they were dark, deep like the ocean. I wasn't tall and while I was stocky I didn't have the muscle mass or definition he had. He was well off, a son of a model and stonemason. My family did alright but it was nothing compared to Cato's family. My parents were bakers, the family business and something I had come to love. It was a forced love I guess you could say, I grew up having to help my parents out as much as I could and the older I got the more responsibility I was given. But my real passion was art, painting, sketching, and that's where I showed the most promise at school. It was in our first year of high school that I realised my feelings for him ran a lot deeper then I had realised. Before I had a childish naivety about our relationship, believing we were just close friends, almost like brothers maybe. That all it came to was that I idolized him and looked up to him. But as soon as Cato got his first girlfriend jealousy and longing started to surface. It was a vivid wet dream that allowed me to piece it all together. In the dream, it started out like any other at school until I was sudden in the locker room getting changed after swim practise. Cato next to me in his speedo, drying himself. Then suddenly I was pressed up against the locker, the cold metal against my back and Cato's warm soft lips against my neck. The passion and fire was undeniable, it filled my body with warmth. When I woke I freaked out to no end, trying to convince myself it meant nothing. But as the years went on I found myself hanging on everything he said and was. I was falling hard, I knew that but I couldn't bare to tell him. We were best friends and he had made it very clear he was interested in the opposite sex and not me. So I masked my feelings, went on dates with girls when needed and convinced myself it was better this way. Yes it was extremely hard to watch him date girl after girl but I had convinced myself life wouldn't matter if he wasn't in my life. So I stayed his friend, his best friend. I was always there when he needed me and he seemed to need me a lot, or at least want me around a lot. So I was content with just being his friend until one night a few weeks into senior year. It was that night that how I really felt came out and I was left speechless at how Cato reacted. It was a friday night and I was working the last shift before we closed up. The bakery was quiet tonight, I had not served anyone for twenty minutes now. Not that I minded, it just meant I could start to close a bit earlier. I had ten minutes until we closer so I started to clean the tables, putting the chairs up before I mopped the floor and moved the stock into the fridges. Just as I put the cherry tarts away I heard the bell chime, meaning someone had walked in. "I wont be a moment." I called out in a cheery voice, though I wasn't pleased and hoped who ever it was didn't want to much. I knew I should have put the closed sign up after I had mopped the floors. I wiped my hands on my apron and I walked out to find Cato standing on the other side of the counter. He smiled innocently at me and I mirrored his emotion. He was still dressed in his practise uniform from training. "What are you doing here?" I asked before I walked over to the front door and turned the sign over to say closed. "What do you mean 'what am I doing here?' You are coming with me remember, you promised me that you would stay over tonight and keep me company at my mother's brunch tomorrow. "Oh right, I totally spaced and forgot that was this weekend." I admitted as I went back to the till and opened it. In all honesty I hadn't forgotten just hoped Cato would find a girl to take instead. It wasn't that I didn't want to be there or spend time with him, it was more sleeping over his house had become more and more unbearable. We had grown up always sharing his king bed and spending the night next to him was torture. He always slept shirtless and having him in arms reach, so close I could just snuggle into his chest and sleep happily was something I found myself craving desperately these days. And sometimes I'd give in and just let our bodies touch, nothing that gave myself away but just being in contact with him was enough at times. It kind of tamed the fiery passion I had for him. "Well no excuse, my mother is expecting you so you are all mine tonight." He smirked breaking me from my thoughts. "Of course I am." I put on a fake smile before I went back to counting the till and taking out the takings before bagging them up. "Come on then I'll put this in the safe and then we can go pack me a bag." "Excellent." Cato nodded before following me into the back. I punched in the code for the safe before I put the bag of money in and unlocked it shut. We then headed up the stairs and through the second story before headed up to the third which was where my brothers and my bedrooms were. My parents had gone out to a family friends dinner while my brothers were god knows where. Probably a party or something so the house was quiet. "How was practise?" I ask as we made our way into my bedroom. "Good, tiring as always but the teams going to so do well this year I think." Cato replied from behind me. "Good, I can't bare to sit there and watch you sulk for a week after you lose again like last year." I teased with a cheeky grin. "I don't sulk." He piped up but smirked back at me. "Sure you don't." I replied as I grabbed a gym bag and threw some clothes into it. It wasn't long before we had made it to Cato's huge home, we greeted his parents as we passed them before making our way up to Cato's bedroom. We place our bags in his room before going down to the kitchen to eat something. I was thankful nothing felt weird yet and before long we were back in Cato's room, Cato declaring he was going for a much needed shower. While he was gone I sat on his bed and just thought things over. How badly I wanted more but needed him in my life. I sighed looking around the room that had pieces of me all over it. The top I had bought Cato, my lumpy warm oversized sweater Cato had borrowed, movies and books I gave given him, some to keep others to borrow but I never got back. A photo of us as kids in a sandbox, odd and ends that had memories tied to them. Our lives really were intertwined. I was happy I was still apart of his life still and as long as I was I was I'd be happy no matter how he did or didn't feel about me. I grabbed my phone out and texted Delly, my other close friend. She knew how I felt and was very supportive even if she thought I should just confess how I felt to Cato already. Just as I finished texting her Cato came out of the bathroom, body still glistening with water, a pair of black boxer briefs the only thing he had on. I gulped at the sight, my throat suddenly dry. I realised I was staring once again at his body and quickly averted my eyes. "You know I think I'll just sleep on the floor." I said pretending to be checking my phone. "Why?" Cato asked confused. I stopped realising I needed a valid reason suddenly. "Well um, you know, we are both getting older and need more space. I dunno, don't you think it's weird two guys sharing a bed?" "No, we have always shared the bed whenever we stay over each others houses. Who cares if people find it weird or what ever." Cato shrugged not really sounding annoyed or anything. "Yeah but, I just, I think it would be better." I say looking over at him. "What for? Are you not comfortable in my bed or something, because it's sure as hell better then the floor?" Cato asked moving closer to me. "It's not that it's just." I stopped not sure what lie I could come up with next. "What Peeta? If you have something you want to say, anything, whatever just say it." Cato sat on the end of the bed and watched me carefully. At that point I was looking down at the bed, my hands fiddling nervously with and cushion in my lap. "I, um, well." "What you don't want to be best friends anymore?" Cato suddenly asked, hurt in his voice. My face shot up to look at his. "No." I burt out to quickly and very loudly. I took a breath before opening my mouth again. "It's nothing like that Cato I just, I dunno, I thought you'd be more comfortable now with us not sharing a bed. We aren't ten years old any more, you know, we are almost adults and well I, I dunno I'm just in a weird place." "I know you are, you have been getting more and more distant the