I'm sorry for any mistakes in names or errors that you may find. Please if you find any errors tell me how to fix them. I didn't own Harry Potter and I'm looking for a beta reader. I haven't told Hermione and Ron that the Dursleys will be away for the first month of summer. I was very shock to get a letter from them since they detest magic with such a passion, and they will rather be died than use anything magical. The letter simply said: Stay with your freak of friends. I had to act normally throughout the whole way to London. If they find out than Dumbledore will force me to stay with the Weasleys, and I didn't feel like going with them. This could be my only chase to learn more about the Wizarding World. The first time was to get my supplies, and I didn't have time to. First, I have to make sure that Hermione doesn't see me. Know her she'll probably go to Flourish and Blotts for some 'light' reading. Not just her but Ravenclaws also, and any other students that might visit Diagon Alley during the summer. "Harry we're here. Didn't forget to owl us, and if you need anything you can owl me, or Ron, or his parents," said Hermione worried. "Didn't forget that we're friends, and we help each other," said Ron looking serious. "Thank you," I replied, "I wonder if your mom could shrink my trunk for me. It'll be easier for me to carry." "You can ask," said Ron. "Ron! Harry!" said the familiar voice of Mrs. Weasleys. "Hello Mrs. Weasleys," I said as I saw her waving to us. "Harry, I can't thank you enough for saving Ginny," replied Mrs. Weasleys looking sad when she remembers what happen to the youngest. "Mrs. Weasleys, I'm wondering if you could shrink my trunk to make it easier to carry," I said looking at her hopefully. "Of course and here's some food," replied Mrs. Weasleys handing me a basket. "Here's some Muggle money. We didn't need it, and you can buy something while you're with your Muggle relatives," said Mr. Weasleys, "Thank you for saving Ginny," I look into the wallet that Mr. Weasleys gave me after I get out the train station. To my surprise I find about $1,500 and flag a cab. The ride to the Leaky Cauldron was a very quick and scary one. Careful I walk inside and walk toward Tom making sure that no one could see me. "Hello, I would like to rent a room," I said no looking at him. "How long?" he asked. "I'll pay you once I leave," I replied. "Then it would be three galleons for now, and its number 14. Up the stair, straight and the seventh door to your right," said Tom handing him a key. Once settle down Harry starts to read over some of Hermione's Muggle books she gave Harry. He read until it was dinner, and went down starts in his hand me downs. Harry only came downstairs to eat. On the four day Harry decides to get new robes, and get some books. He first went to bet five sets of casual robes. When he got to Flourish and Blotts he was able to get books on glamours, ward, potions, charms, transfiguration, Divination, History, law books, D.A.D.A and Herbologhy. One of the workers recognizes Harry but didn't shout instead he smiled and gave him a discount. Afterward harry decides that it time to visit Gringotts to withdraw money from his vault. When you when to a teller they tell Harry to follow them. "Mister Harry Potter we have sent many letters but it seems that you were unable to answer. It's understandable that with everything that's going on lately," said Ragnok. "I didn't get the letters," I replied confused wondering what he meant. "Mister Potter we sent many letters to you while you were in Hogwarts and at your relatives," replied Ragnok disbelieved. "My relatives hate anything magic related including me. They were against me coming to Hogwarts and until Hagrid came. It's very likely that they burned any letters for me. At Hogwarts I didn't get anything but my broom by owl," said Harry. "I'll have a look at that since no one should be holding your mail. Is there anything else that I can help you with?" asked Ragnok. "I would like to get another key since Mrs. Weasleys has my key and I also need to withdraw money," I replied. "Mister Potter it seems that people are taking advantage of your for being new to the Wizarding World. The only ones that should have your key are your parents and magical guardians. I'll have this fix," said Ragnok angrily. "Who's my magical guardian?" asked Harry hopefully I won't have to ever go to my magic hating relatives. "Albus Dumbledore," replied Ragnok looking through papers and writing. "He's the one that said that I should spent summer vacation with them even though I told him how they treat me. He isn't doing his job," said Harry angrily. "Ironfits!" shouted Ragnok. "Yes Sir," said a goblin that enters quickly. "Find the Potter will and looking into why Mister Potter is having his mail withheld," Ragnok said angrily. "Right always," said Ironfits. Ragnok starts to write letters after letters and looks like he's going to explode. "Here the will," said a goblin and hands it to Harry. Once it's in Harry's hand he opens it and a voice start to read: This is the finally will of Lily Potter nee Evans and James Charlus Potter. I would like to say that thanking and please watch over little Harry and keep fighting. Didn't blame Sirius, he wasn't the secret keeper, it was Peter Pettigrew I, James Charlus Potter, give Sirius Black guardians over my son, Harrison James Potter and control over my vaults until Harry is of age. For my friends, Remus Lupin, I give him 2,500,000 galleon for Wolfbane and any his needs. Severus, I'm sorry for everything I did when we were in school and we have you 300,000 galleon. In case that Sirius can't, following people can take over: Remus Lupin Severus Snape Lucius Malfoy and Narcissa Malfoy nee Black Elizabeth Flint Lord and Lady Greengrass Alice and Frank Longbottom Minerva McGonagall Andromeda Tonk We leave our little Harry in your hands to take care and love him like your own. Please look after him. I, Lily Potter nee Evans leave my only son, Harry James Potter any vaults that belong to me by birthright. The one under my name Harry can take out anything that he wants. We love you our little boy and wish you a happy live. We'll love you no matter what and fight for what you believe. Harry shouldn't be place with my sister in any occasion and be place in a neutral family when needed. (James)I love you little man, have a wonderful live. Have some fun and be anything you want and follow your mom's wise words. We'll love you no matter what. Don't forget. Ragnok sent an owl to Amelia Bone to come quickly. When she came Ragnok showed her the will. "It seems that Sirius Black is innocence. I'll contact Susan Bones for help," said Ragnok and after a while she comes in. "What is this about Sirius being free?" asked Amelia Bones. "According to the late Lord and Lady Potter will Peter Pettigrew was their secret keeper. I would like to press charges towards Albus Dumbledore, Hermione Granger, Author Weasleys, Molly Weasleys, Ronald Weasleys, and GinevraWeasleys for being accomplices of robbing from the Ancient and Noble House of Potter. And Albus for withholding of the Potters wills," said Ragnok. "It'll take a while to get everything in order. During that time we have to place Harry somewhere," said Amelia Bones. "Remus can't since his a werewolf, the Lucius and Severus are considered Dark eaters, and Elizabeth Flint was neutral during the war." "I'll send a message for her to come immediately," said Ragnok. Amelia and Ragnok start looking through papers and learn that the Weasleys have withdrawn 5,000 galleons for his vault and each gets 10,000 each year since Harry was 10 except the twin and the three eldest. Albus has withdrawn 50,000 for his parents to give to the Dursleys and the house belongs to Harry's mom. Harry start to read through Law and Literature he brought and get interested on the same-sex marriage which isn't frown upon and there's a way to have a family and have the same right as straight couple. After a while he went to look at his parents vaults. "Lady Flint has arrived," said a goblin by the door and she walked inside. "Good evening Lady Flint and Mister Flint. Please take a seat," said Ragnok. "Good evening. May I please know what's so urgent?" asked Lady Flint. "We had the Potter will open and you are the only one in the here that be able to take care of Mister Harry James Potter," said Ragnok. "I thought that he was with his Muggle relatives," replied Lady Flint confused. "He was never supposed to go there and Albus knew this since he was the one that place him there. Currently Albus is going to be charge for abusing his many titles. Meanwhile Harry will have to stay will a magical guardian," said Ragnok. "Could you please show there will," asked Lady Flint. "Of course," replied Ragnok. This is the finally will of Lily Potter nee Evans and James Charlus Potter. I would like to say that thanking and please watch over little Harry and keep fighting. Didn't blame Sirius, he wasn't the secret keeper it was Peter Pettigrew. I, James Charlus Potter, give Sirius Black guardians over my son, Harrison James Potter and control over my vaults until Harry is of age. For my friends, Remus Lupin, I give him 2,500,000 galleon for Wolfbrane and any his needs. Severus, I'm sorry for everything I did when we were in school and we have you 300,000 galleon. In case that Sirius can't, following people can take over: Remus Lupin Severus Snape Lucius Malfoy and Narcissa Malfoy nee Black Elizabeth Flint Lord and Lady Greengrass Alice and Frank Longbottom Minerva McGonagall Andromeda Tonk We leave our little Harry in your hands to take care and love him like your own. Please look after him. I, Lily Potter nee Evans leave my only son, Harry James Potter any vaults that belong to me by birthright. The one under my name Harry can take out anything that he wants. We love you our little boy and wish you a happy live. We'll love you no matter what and fight for what you believe. Harry shouldn't be place with my sister in any occasion and be place in a neutral family when needed. (James)I love you little man, have a wonderful live. Have some fun and be anything you want and follow your mom's wise words. We'll love you no matter what. Don't forget. "Lily was my friends since school but I didn't know that she'll truth me with her child. Ever few knew that the Potters were neutral. Once Harry was born James start helping the Light and tried to free his son from the blasted prophecy," said Lady Flint crying. "Do you know anything about the prophecy that's related to Harry?" asked Ragnok. " The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches ... born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies ... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not ... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives ... the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month