Right, I am actually so excited and nervous to post this. This NEW story will be mainly focused on eating disorders (trigger don't read it, if this affects you). Anyway I`m writing a story on an eating disorder because there are so few and Harry has had a childhood which could quite possibly stem into an eating disorder. So like the angsty person I am inside, I`m writing one. I have planned this story out and I know how it ends and I`d like to make it extremely aware that Harry won`t die because I am not cruel. This will be one of those cliché oh my god Lily and James aren't his parents stories and it will be about him gaining and losing control. I'm not going to spoil it anyway. if you like this first chapter check out my other story bitter truth and my followers are probably pissed at me for neglecting that and writing this. And the ordering on this story is slightly illogical so don't kill me its fanfiction may I remind you. So in this fiction Harry defeated Voldemort at the end of fourth year. I know this probably makes no sense but I wanted a fifteen year old Harry and not a eighteen year old one. So pretend for me that Umbridge (bitch) and the defeat of Voldemort was in fourth year even if it makes no sense and horcruxes don't exist in this. I've talked enough about that but this story isn't focused on Voldemort or any of that. Oh and Snape and Fred some how stayed alive because I'm still not over Fred`s death and Snape is needed in this story. Draco Malfoy is also two years older than Harry, so remember that. I hope I haven't exploded your heads . If you like my fic which I hope you do, leave a review a favourite or a follow. Thank you! Disclaimer- I do not own anything to do with Harry Potter obviously. Trigger Warning- Heavy mention of Eating disorders throughout although it will be diluted with sarcasm. Also lots of swearing so if you still have innocent ears pretend that it isn't there. To be light "Harry, get up" an annoying voice interrupts my dreamless sleep, for once. I roll over undisturbed as I press my head into the too soft pillow as if to smother the memories but there still there. Still hanging over me ,Sirius is still dead as is Remus, Tonks, Mum, Dad and Cedric. And nothing I do is going to change that. If only that was possible I think bitterly. How is it that I can repel the Killing Curse but I can't even save the people who mattered to me. People who just mattered. And my depressing thoughts are snatched away with the thick blanket as I reluctantly open one eye, to spot a flash of blurry red hair. "I`m up" I declare reluctantly into my pillow as I fumble around for my glasses, placing them hurriedly on. I rub my forehead in habit as I quickly throw my robes on and adjust my tie. To only have two strong arms pushing me out of the dorms. "What was that for? I haven't tamed my hair "I mutter sleepily as I stare into the redness that we call Gryffindor common room, oh and don't forget the gold although the chairs are pretty comfortable. "Breakfast, I`m starving and your hair Harry is uncontrollable so don't give me that excuse" he replies back as he rushes down the stairs and I follow knowing internally not to get between Ron and his food, unless you`re Hermione then you probably have free reign. We finally reach the great hall after too many stairs ,well that was what Ron said anyway. We slip into our normal seats as Ron fills his plate immediately to the brim with an enormous amount of food, nearly Dursley sized . I glance around the food filled table an uncomfortable feeling settling in my stomach for an unknown reason . Cautiously I pour myself a cup of tea with no sugar and grab a piece of unbuttered toast as the rhythmic stirring from the tea relaxes me, well only slightly. I glance at Ron a feeling of disgust swells in my stomach as I think back to how the Dursley`s used to do that. They used to eat until there was nothing left, well nothing for Harry , anyway. The only difference being between that was the Dursley`s were overweight and Ron was not although that was because he exercised and he probably just had a great metabolism. I shiver internally at the thought of the Dursley`s as Ron picks up on my staring. "What?" He asks with his mouth full of things I wouldn't dare look at but unfortunately for my blind eyes, I did. I look down instantaneously. "Don`t do that. You aren`t perfect either Harry I`ve watched you eat chocolate frog after chocolate frog and carry on" he states his eyes fixed on my stomach as I feel them burn into me, burn into my stomach. And guilt rises vaguely in my head and some thing similar to disgust also joins. And it got worse. Much worse. If you can believe it. A chuckle sounds from the other side of the table, I look up defiantly as I lock eyes with Seamus. Confusion flickers wildly through my face as he opens his mouth. "Beware of the number of calories in chocolate frogs Harry, you don`t need to put on any more pounds" Seamus jokes with a small amused smile. But it didn't sound like a joke to me. Hesitantly I make eye contact with Ron as a laugh sounds from him he looks me up and down. "C`mon we`re just joking Harry" he comments as Seamus chuckles and nods his head in amusement. A laugh escapes my mouth that seems to fake. Too put on too be real. Breakfast finished twenty minutes later and they forgot our `joking` conversation. I didn't that's the difference. And sadly there's always a difference. Making up some lame excuse to Ron, something about forgetting a book I need for class and I think I added something about not wanting to meet Hermione's wrath . I rush back near the dormitories entering the empty boy's toilets as everyone is already in class, so luckily I don't have to worry about running into anyone . With trembling hands, I cup my stomach repulsed at the layers of fat my hands grasp. You don`t need to put on any more pounds . I remind myself as I tug at a piece of fat. You don't need to put on any more pounds . I look into the mirror seeing my usual disgusting appearance. You don't need to put on any more pounds . I think back on what Seamus said. I agree. _ The comment continues to resound in my head mixing in with the guilt as the voice that used to lie dormant erupts. I lock the stall with my shaking hands as I lean against the wall of the cubicle resting my head in my arms. Trying to shield my self from my thoughts. It wasn't a new thing you see. This small joke this comment didn't start his self-hatred. Harry just noticed things that weren't exactly normal about himself. For starters, he never liked looking in the mirror. Which is an odd statement but before Sirius died Harry avoided the mirror because he didn't like what he saw. Although it's not like he saw it often because he made sure he didn't own any. And he never truly had time to change his appearance, or to act upon it. With Voldemort`s demise and the Wizarding world back to its current state. Harry`s mind had nothing to focus on. As before it was always Voldemort this and Voldemort that and now suddenly his purpose was fulfilled because that`s all Harry was good for murdering someone. So he sunk lower into himself. He met Harry. He realized he truly didn't like. He didn't like the way the fat pooled at his stomach, he didn't like the scars on the back of his hands that reminded him of his worth, he didn't like his hair that never sat comfortably and made him look scruffy and didn't like a lot of things about himself. But most of all it was his weight. It was always his weight and after growing up with the Dursley`s he knew at a young age that he didn't want to be anything like them. That included their weight well other than Petunia she was too bony and horse like if anything. Vernon and Dudley, they were obese and it always terrified Harry. That he`d somehow gain their genetic of weight gain. That he would turn into a pig shoved into a cupboard forgotten and abandoned and ridiculed. It was a silly fear. So why was he so afraid? Mrs. Weasley always claimed he needed `fattening` up and every time Harry went over there he swore he was heavier than before. He felt much heavier than before and the disgust he felt of himself just raised and it was as if the food taunted him lowering his self-worth and increasing his repulsive weight. He was tired of sitting back of letting these negative feelings control him but never doing anything about them. He needed control , hell he`d go so far to say he craved control. Control was a foreign concept. And this way, was freedom and a time to take back the control. The thing his life had always truly lacked was control. Dumbledore controlled his sacrifice and the Dursley`s controlled his childhood to the point of a lock and an empty stomach. Voldemort controlled a parentless life for him and the deaths of many others around and the Wizarding World controlled who he had to be, which was some hero with a perfect life. The thing was he wasn't a hero and his life was so far from perfect that it would be funny if it wasn't quite so tragic. He didn't pity himself, of course he didn't because hr believed that every bad thing that happened he deserved and it piled on his shoulders making him feel even heavier. So, he started a diet. It wasn't meticulous he slipped up a few times too many. He outlined what he would eat when he would eat and what weight he wanted to be. Currently Harry weighed 118 pounds and the weight he needed to get to was 110 that was goal and this time he`s in control. No one else. When he gets to 110 he will stop. It started with little things like sometimes he forgot to eat and other times he wasn't in the mood. And it was just a habit really, that`s all it was. The biggest thing. The real issue. Wasn`t the ugly person in the mirror no it was the weight of the deaths on his shoulders. The nightmares were the dead haunted him saying it was his fault calling him the names Harry calls himself. He felt so heavy. So he tried to feel light. Absently I shake my head getting rid of `these` thoughts as I stuff my trembling hands in my pockets . As my eyes stare too deeply into the pure whiteness of the toilet cubicle. I don't know how it`s long its been and quite frankly I don't really care. After a while I untuck my head from under my arms and I stand up from my crouched position my arms and legs numb and empty like how my stomach should be but isn't because I ate that slice of toast. Unlocking the door I step out making contact with an empty bathroom as a sigh escapes me. Cautiously I walk out of the stall,my body instantly pausing as I meet my reflection