Okay so I had this random idea and I thought it could kind of work out, it's going to be OOC but I will try and make them close, I don't think I have found a fic like this so idk if I am the first I'm probably not but I hope you enjoy it anyway! I do not own the characters from Harry Potter I only own my OC Fenix Eileen Snape and the plot, the first chapter will be a flash back, Fenix is currently turning 16 and she comes into her creature inheritance, and she is a bit nervous to find out who her mate is. And the tri-wizard tournament will be happen in the 6 th year not the 4 th and I'm changing it around a bit Instead of having Harry and or Cedric, it will be Fenix, My ships are as follows; Fenix-Narcissa Harry-Lucius Severus-Theodore Hermione-Tom Bellatrix-Rod Draco-Blaise Neville-Twins Dean-Seamus Ginny-Luna Fenix was once again in the library she has spent many of her years in this said library, it soon become her favourite spot weather she was angry, sad, happy, confused and or frustrated, you would always be able to find her in this part of the house. She was currently sitting in her favourite spot, the window seat. Fenix has always loved sitting by the window so should could look out into the garden and watch and see the wind blow through the trees, or watch the rain hit the window and see witch drop will win the race. She was always there, when she isn't sleeping or eating that is. She found the quiet peaceful, she hated the loud noises and fights that happen beyond those doors, yes she supported her Dark Lord but she didn't like him, I don't think anyone really does, well a part from Bellatrix Lestrange but does that really count? Even if he is back to his sane self again but nothing has really changed he still wants to take over the world, but he can be somewhat kind he did teach her Parseltongue after all, that was after he caught her talking to Nagini… again. Fenix sighed not of boredom but just cause it had been another long day in the hands of the Dark Lord, she looked at the window it was currently raining again a small smile formed on her lips as she watched the rain hit the ground and window and for a brief moment she closed her eyes, just to listen to the sound of the rain hitting the window and roof the soft pitter patter soothed all her worries away. She loved the rain, love the sound of it hitting the roof, the feel of it against her skin and face, she loved watching it as it was calming and most of all she loved the smell of rain. She looked back down at her book trying to concentrate, but she was having a difficult time when she keeps thinking she see's someone outside in the rain she looks up once again and squints her eyes, and then she gapes she never thought she would see the day where Lucius Malfoy is outside while it is raining, *it couldn't be could it?* Fenix thought and shook her head and went back to her book Fenix. It wasn't until a little time later that someone cleared their throat, which caused Fenix to look up, standing by the door was her father Severus, Narcissa, Draco, Tom and Bellatrix. "Can I help you?" Fenix asked with a raised eyebrow "You have mail" Her father said holding up the envelop "And I takes 5 people to deliver it?" Fenix asked smirking "Do you want it or not" Snape huffed "Of course I do" Fenix said narrowing her eyes. She placed a bookmark in her book and made her way towards the group of 5. "How did you know I was here?" Fenix asked "Because you are always in here I sometimes wonder if you are more Ravenclaw then Slytherin but then you do something more Slytherin than Ravenclaw I do think you might be a hat stall my dear" Severus said handing the letter to his daughter she eyes it carefully, could it be, she narrowed her eyes at the envelop and turned it over it is, it's her acceptance letter she is finally going to Hogwarts with her mask in place she opened it and pulled out the two pieces of paper inside Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Miss. Fenix Snape, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry Uniform First-year students will require: sets of plain work robes (black) plain pointed hat (black) for day wear pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) winter cloak (black, silver fastenings) Please note that all pupil's clothes should carry name tags Course Books All students should have a copy of each of the following: The Standard Book of Spells (Grade 1) by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble Other Equipment 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales Students may also bring and owl OR a cat OR a toad. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS Dear Miss Snape, Due to Muggles having become recently aware of the wizarding community, the Ministry of Magic has determined that all Hogwarts letters must be sent by Muggle post until further notice. Our regrets that your letter was not delivered by traditional owl post. Sincerely, Percy Weasley Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic Fenix let a small smile fall on her face and looked up her dad, "So It looks like I am heading of too Hogwarts" Fenix said "Congratulations dear" Narcissa smile, "Thank-you," Fenix smiled and nodded "So when will we be going to Digon Ally to grab our things?" Fenix asked "We are going tomorrow, as Draco will need to get his things as well" Severus said "Okay, can I go back to my book now?" Fenix asked "Yes but dinner will be ready soon" Severus laughed, Fenix read more of her book before and after dinner she then had a shower, brushed her teeth and then went to bed she was a little excited about tomorrow she couldn't wait. The next day came and went Fenix is currently sitting back in the library with her new wand and her new pet snake, her pet snake Nyx is a Atheris Hispida, its base colour was Aqua mixed with bits of purple and marron on a few of the scales, she loved it, Nagini was also excited about having another snake in the house. Fenix's wand is Laurel Wood, with a Dragon heartstring core, it is 12 ¼" and Surprisingly Swishy flexibility. Soon enough it was time for Draco and Fenix to head to Kings Cross station, they found a carriage and sat down waiting for everyone else to join them, soon Pansy, Blaise, Crabbe, Goyle and even Theodore Nott joined them, Fenix felt a bit nervous what is her father was right and was a Hat Stall, that would be embarrassing. The trip was long and a bit boring but they made it, they had to make their way over to a half giant of a man whose name was apparently Hagrid, they had to go onto boats Blaise, Draco, Fenix and Theodore where on one. Crabbe and Goyle had one to share and Pansy went with some of the other girls that she was friends with, Tracey Davis and Daphne Greengrass. They followed the lump of a man inside the castle Fenix couldn't help but look around, it was beautiful sight and she noticed she wasn't the only one trying to take it all in. then they suddenly stopped in front of a big door, where an older looking woman was waiting for them "Welcome to Hogwarts. Now, in a few moments, you will pass through these doors and join your classmates. But before you can take your seats you must be sorted into your houses. They are Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Slytherin. Now, while you are here, your house will be like your family. Your triumphs will earn you house points. Any rule breaking, and you will lose points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the house cup" was all she said before walking through the doors. Draco spotted Harry and moved towards him "So it is true, you're Harry Potter?" Draco asked Harry just nodded his head "I am Draco Malfoy" Draco said with his hand sticking out a red head beside him snickered "Find that funny do you" I asked coming up beside Draco "Red hair, Hand me down robes, you must be a Weasley" I scoffed we hated the Weasley's a bunch of blood traitors apparently. The red heads ears and face where turning red nearly as red as his hair "And who do you think you are" Ron growled "Fenix Snape" Fenix smirked Ron froze he remembered his brothers saying something about a Snape "Wait as in the Potions master?" A busy haired brunette girl asked "Yes he is my father" Fenix said with her eyes narrow "I don't believe we have met what is your name?" Fenix asked "Hermione Granger" The brunette answered Fenix looked at Draco "I am a muggle born" Hermione answered both Fenix's and Draco's face turned up in disgust. Before anything else could be said the women came back "We're ready for you now" was all she said before she led us into the room, there was four sets of long tables and students talking quietly among themselves. At the front of room there sat a stool with a hat the women who Fenix found out was Professor McGonagall stood beside it and started to ready out names soon her name got called and she sat on the stool "Ahh a Snape," the hat said "Yep" Fenix thought "You would be great in Slytherin but also in Ravenclaw" the hat said "I was wondering instead of trying to choose which one I would be best for, can I be in both." Fenix asked curiously "Both, we never have had a student in two houses before" The hat said surprised by the request "Yeah I get that, but I don't just want to be a Ravenclaw and I don't just want to be a Slytherin I want to be both, a SlytherClaw for example is that possible?" Fenix asked "Well you are the great, great, great, granddaughter of all four founders so I don't see why not" The hat said "Wait what" Fenix asked "Now is not the time to discuss this" the hat replied and yelled out SlytherClaw. Everyone stopped talking and stared at Fenix, no one is ever in a hybrid house what made her so different? Fenix took the hat off and placed it on the stool and blushed, the hat started talking "I know this is the first person to be in a hybrid house but she is the great, great, great, granddaughter of all 4 founders, so she owns Hogwarts, and she asked to be in both so I shall let her