A/N: This is the promised one-shot for the 100th review for The Art of War. Hope you guys enjoy it! Winner: Padme.G Prompt: After the War,Severus retires from Hogwarts and lives in a little Town where he meets Hermione. The first time Severus saw that ridiculous bushy head of hair he thought he was going crazy. He had been walking down the street of Presteigne, a small merchant town on the border of England and Wales, when he thought he had seen her turn the corner in front of him. He didn't know why, but he sped up his gait until he reached the corner behind which she seemed to have disappeared. Of course, when he could see the street on the other side there was nothing but shops and the faint hum of quiet that pervades every corner of most towns of that size. After the war ended, Severus celebrated his miraculous survival (but really, what self-respecting potion master worked in the regular company of a giant, poisonous snake without a pre-prepared antidote on his person at all times) and being heralded as a hero of the wizarding world (because what he really loved was attention and witches fawning over him for some silly romantic notion that they could be the one to disabuse him of his long-abandoned childhood crush) by moving to the smallest town he could find that still got owl service. For the first time in his life he was not under the thumb of a meddling Albus Dumbledore, he did not have to feign service to the half-blood monster that was the Dark Lord, and he had finally paid back his self-declared debt to Lily Potter by seeing that her son outlived the aforementioned Dark Lord. The day his story hit the presses he had moved everything he cared to remove from the dingy dump that was Spinners' End and into his new home in the country. He had used his money from the First Class Order of Merlin currently shoved in the back of his socks drawer to purchase the local apothecary from the aging wizard who had previously run it and had made a decent living. When he had begun doing research in the back room and selling custom potions to private clients, his vault in Gringotts began approaching Malfoy levels of full. The best part was the solitude. He got to research, brew, and write the scholarly articles he had never had time to write when safeguarding hordes of teenage dunderheads and playing tug of war between Dumbledore and the Dark Lord. And so far the wizarding world had been only too happy to let him go. Every so often he would receive an owl from Minerva with a clipping of a Daily Prophet "Whatever happened to Severus Snape?" story along with some basic news and updates from the school, but other than that he was certain the wizarding world was just as happy to be rid of him as he was to be rid of it. A few months later he was in the midst of bottling another batch of the de-aging face cream that had earned him enough money to make Lucius' head spin when he heard the bell ring to signify the entrance of a customer. He only had one or two per day, mostly aging residents of the town picking up their health potions, so he shouted out that he'd be there in a minute before finishing his bottling and gliding back out to the front counter. He first saw the hair, as the witch it belonged to was crouching on the other side of the counter, trying to get a look at an ingredient on the bottom row of the glass case. His curiosity piqued, he asked, in his usual silky drawl, "How may I help you, Miss Granger?" The curly-haired witch's head jerked up to look at him in shock, causing her to hit her head on the protruding ledge of the counter, lose her balance, and topple backwards with an undignified yelp. Severus didn't quite manage to keep a straight face as he watched her scramble back to her feet and try to subtly maneuver her robes back into some semblance of the right place. When she finally looked him in the eye again, she colored at the look of amusement on his face. "Professor! What are you doing here? Well obviously you work here...so that answers that question...I mean, well what I meant to say was, how have you...oh bloody hell." The look of amusement turned to a velvety chuckle as Severus watched the frazzled witch dig herself into a deeper and deeper verbal hole. When she ended with a disappointed little frown and an expletive, he finally decided to rescue her from herself. "I haven't been your professor for six years, Miss Granger. Now, as you've surmised, I do in fact work here, so may I help you with something?" Hermione grimaced at his jab before belatedly realizing it came with none of the malice she was used to hearing from her acerbic, former professor and giving him a small, self-deprecating smile. "Yes, do you have Entwhistle Nettles? I need them for a spell I'm working on." Without saying a word or taking his eyes off the witch in front of him, Severus reached up to the top shelf next to him and pulled down a jar. He handed it to her and she handed over some coins. She looked like she was about to speak, but instead huffed out a breath of defeat and simply bid him a good day and left the store. Well that was certainly interesting, Severus thought as the door clanged shut. He had initially been worried about her finding him, after all, the whole point of living here was so that no one from his past life would ever invade his newly established peace, but from her evident surprise it didn't seem that she had been expecting to see him at all and from the immediate and hasty retreat she had made it didn't seem like she would be coming back to the town any time soon. How time had passed, though, she had looked far more like an adult witch than the schoolgirl he remembered. The next summer Severus decided to refresh his library. He had all of his books from his personal library at Hogwarts, as well as many of the seedier dark texts that he had inherited from the Prince estate once his name was cleared. Usually when acquiring new books he did his research ahead of time and then ordered from Flourish and Blotts via owl order, but he needed to get rid of a great number of books in a discrete manner and had no desire to apparate back and forth to Knockturne Alley with them, so he decided to try out the dusty book shop on the corner opposite his apothecary. He passed it every day on his way to work and was tempted to go in, but he hadn't fully overcome his hermit ways and always managed to think of a reason not to go in that day. He opened the door and was greeted by a chime similar to his, but with a much more fairy-like sound. The old cowbell seemed to have been charmed to make a less obnoxious noise every time the door opened. He made a mental note to ask the proprietor what charm he had used, for surely Severus would hex his own bell to smithereens one of these days when it startled him in the middle of a precarious brew. A female voice drifted out to him as he made his way past the towering stacks of books. "Just a minute!" He didn't mind waiting as he slowly made his way through the stacks leading to the front counter. He was leafing through a potions book, one he could have sworn wasn't coming out for another two months, when he looked up to see the bushy halo of hair surrounding a smiling Hermione Granger making its way towards him. "How can I help you, Professor?" Severus Snape did not fumble things. He did not drop things. He had the hand eye coordination of a muggle surgeon. So why the potions text in his hands was suddenly on the floor was a complete mystery to him. He stooped a little too quickly to pick it up and straightened to see a small glimmer in the chocolate brown eyes of the smirking witch in front of him. "You work here?" He asked smoothly, trying to recover from NOT dropping the book. "No, I actually own the place. Had to do something with the blood money the Ministry shoved at me alongside that gaudy Order of Merlin medal. That hideous thing is shoved in the deepest corner of my closet, but the galleons helped me get this place, so I guess their guilt for using children to fight their battles came to some good, right?" "You live here?" Severus gestured helplessly at the counter. Apparently his recovery was not going as smoothly as he had hoped. Severus cringed inwardly as the witch in front of him developed a cheeky little smile. "Not here at the counter, no," Another cheeky smile. "I live in the flat upstairs. And as the owner I would kindly ask that you not drop that book again. The author lets me have all his books on early release and would be quite cross if I started destroying them before the rest were even published." Severus was trying to put his thoughts together, but found himself at a loss. "For how long?" This time the impertinent witch even giggled at him. "About four years now." "But I thought you would be knee-deep in little ginger ankle-biters by now?" he said before he could get ahold of his mouth. He cringed to himself again as he saw a brief moment of sadness flicker across her face before it was replaced by what he knew well to be the Gryffindor-being-unwillingly-brave-again smile. "No, as it turned out Ron seemed to enjoy his fame a bit too much for me. One too many starstruck witches all to willingly chasing after a man would do that to anyone, I assume. He's much happier as a bachelor with all its...advantages. And I get to live out my life dream of literally living in a library, or as close as you can come to it, I guess." He could have sworn he saw her bravery flicker for a second there, but it didn't falter again. The silence stretched on until she spoke again. "So how may I help you, Professor?" "I'm not your professor anymore, Miss Granger." "Well then, Severus ," she enunciated every syllable of his name clearly, giving him a strange feeling in the pit of his stomach which he immediately ignored, "what can I do for you?" He tried to get his mental feet back under him but he was having a harder time than usual putting his thoughts together. "Books. Rather, I have a great deal of them, some of a more sensitive nature. I would like to responsibly sell or donate a number and refresh my library with more current material. Does your store buy or redistribute texts as well as selling them, Miss Granger?" "Now, Severus," there goes that strange sensation in my stomach again. Could I be ill? "Surely if you are not my professor anymore you can see your way to using my given name as well?" There was that cheeky smile again. "Yes, so, Hermione, does your store buy books as well as sell them?" He was rewarded with another round of bell-like laughter. "Yes, Severus, let's sit down in my office and see what we're dealing with here." A few days later Hermione went out to Severus' house to take a look at the books he was trying to get rid