It was 7:45 am on August 12th and I, alongside my since-birth best friend, Grover Underwood, was walking eastward down the southernmost hallway of Northview High School, located in Westfield, Upstate New York. Classes didn't start for another 15 minutes but the hallways were already bustling with people, none of whom I had ever seen before. The very eastern wall of the school, to which we were headed, was made of floor-to-ceiling windows which framed the rising eastern sun. It had rained last night, so mist hovered in patches above the well-kept grass of the eastern lawn, dampening the brightness of the sun to the extent that it could be looked upon directly as an ornate orange sphere. The beauty of the scene would probably have transfixed me, if it were not for my damn shoes. The bottoms of my shoes were wet from the walk from my mom's Carolla the school entrance, and they made a horrendous ' SQUICK' every time I lifted my foot from the tile floor. I silently cursed myself for allowing my mom to convince me to wear my new shoes for my first day at school. However, there was no 'convincing' at all to be done. My previous pair of shoes had endured several blow-outs - held together only by my mom's patchwork, and had disintegrated entirely three days ago when I had left them outside under the rain. The shoes I currently wore, a pair of brilliantly blue converse, costed 50$ that my mom didn't have. I told her she didn't have to, I told her I could borrow a pair of Grover's and that she should use the money to pay rent, but she insisted. Although my mom struggled on her own to let us live in our 600 square foot, one bedroom apartment, she still managed to spoil me. I looked to my right and saw Grover, shuffling along in a very distinct Grover-like manner. His knees and elbows were particularly bony, and the limbs containing them were long and lanky. He had hit his growth spurt at an unusually young age, leading to chronic joint aches, growing pains, and shin splints. Despite this he was unusually fast and could dunk a basketball at 5 ' 10''. He weighed very little and, coupled with his phenomenal grip strength, was somewhat of a climbing prodigy. Before we moved to our new school district, he and I used to go bouldering at an indoor climbing gym, where I would marvel as he would dance around with his toes and fingertips all over the walls and ceiling. However, none of that grace showed today as Grover lumbered along, his oversized tennis shoes only worsening his already awkward gait, almost to the point of limping. His Rasta Hat sat lopsided on his head and parts of his curly hair protruded in the front and on the side. To complete his outfit he wore a grey hoodie and green sweatpants, both of which he had owned for years. I looked to my left and caught my own reflection in the glass of the trophy display case across the hallway. I slowed down to study my own appearance. My hair, as usually, was an enigma, a complex network of cowlicks and waves which resolved itself into a formless, flowing mass that, as my mom would say, looked like a storm at sea. She loved my unruly hair, and made a point of it every morning to jostle my hair around before kissing me on the forehead and sending me out the door. I looked at my get-up and realized that, by accident, I had dressed in entirely blue clothes. My shirt was a collared, baby blue button-up (which my mom insisted I wore), my pants were blue jeans, and my blue converse were framed by navy blue socks. Idiot, I thought to myself. As I finished my self-inspection, my gaze shifted to behind the glass at the shelves of trophies and plaques which lined the wall. The trophies were divided into sections, State Championships, Regional Championships, Sectional Championships, each overflowing into multiple display cases with pictures, statues, plaques, and ribbons. I thought of my old school's trophy display case, boasting a 2nd place team regional swimming trophy (which I had helped win) and a commemorative wax figure of a golfer, which had unfortunately melted, giving it the appearance of having a red, waxy penis. I guess that's the difference between a 4000 student school and a 150 student school, I noted mentally. My old school did, in fact, only have 150 students, and none of them were rich. The official name of the school was "The Project School", and it was a failed experiment. The premise behind its inception was to "synthesize an environment ... with an unwavering focus on service to others and mother earth … coupled with academic excellence", as it's website proclaimed. While being noble in their ideals, the school's founders were quite naive in believing all of these elements could co-exist, especially the "academic excellence" component. I attended it for my freshman and sophomore year and received all A's, albeit, my classes (and I only had four) were splatter painting, botany, meditation, and hiking. The school didn't have teachers but rather a committee of well-intentioned hippies, whom we called "mentors" and referred to by their first name (Mr. Ben was by botany mentor and Mrs. Susan was my meditation mentor). In the three years it operated, standardized test scores were consistently terrible and, due to this, its funding was entirely discontinued after the third year. My time spent there was essentially a two-year void in my academic career, which left me totally unprepared for my re-integration into the world of schoolwork - the world I would be thrown into this year. However, I can't blame my mom for sending me to the Project School. She saw the place as a school open enough to accept me for all of my numerous faults - a place that would see past my tainted academic track record to the sweetheart darling my mom knew I really was. She, however, was one of the only ones who recognized this version of myself. You see, my first two expulsions were for juvenile reasons. The first had to do with sexually explicit graffiti on the side of the school (if Michelangelo can carve balls and have it displayed as fine art but I can't spray paint them on the side of my middle school, something is wrong with the world), and the next had to do with a racoon in the ventilation system (how was I supposed to know it had rabies?). However as I grew older, the nature of my expulsions changed. My third expulsion occurred at my third middle school. At that time Grover's growing pains were so bad that he was temporarily confined to a wheelchair, which made him the target of endless teasings. It was something I couldn't bear to watch. Kids would steal his rasta cap, knowing he couldn't retrieve it, shove sticks in his wheelchair spokes and stack books behind his wheels while he wasn't looking so he would fall over backwards when he tried to reverse. One day in Social Studies, a kid named Dylan Strausser called him retarded from the back row during a presentation. I silently walked to the back of the class, fists clenched, grabbed the collar of his shirt and socked him right in the cheek as hard as I could. Immediately afterwards I was shocked at what I had done. I even felt bad for the little douchebag, but there was no taking it back. And there was blood. If it weren't for the blood I probably would have just been suspended - but as soon as his nose started pouring red, I knew I was a gonner. After I was expelled, Grover decided he had had enough torment and transferred away with me. When my mom found out she didn't know what to think. Naturally she was angry with me for punching a kid in the face, but most of her anger was at the school administration for their all-too hasty decision to expel me. My mom always found a way to be on my side. My fourth expulsion shouldn't have ever happened. It was at a real snooty school and the principal was a real sh- "Percy!" Grover shook my shoulder, pulling me out of my contemplative daze. "That was the one-minute bell, we need to get to class." I grunted, shouldered my backpack, and began to walk down the hallway, which was rapidly depopulating as students hurried off to their classes. I quickened my pace and ' SQUICK' d my way down to the end of the hallway, turning left at the floor-to-ceiling windows, only to be suddenly confused. "Percy," Grover said, "Doesn't that sign say 200's?" "Yeah…" "Isn't the english wing the 600's?" I fumbled around In my pocket and extricated a crumpled map of the school, unfolded it, and attempted to decipher it. I saw our location, and confirmed that we were indeed, at the entrance to the 600's hallway. I then watched, incredulously, as the number 6 on my map crawled its way like an ant across the page and was replaced by a foggy number 2, which continue to undulate and blur in and out of focus. Either there were some questionable herbs in my tea this morning, or we gave the map to the dyslexic guy, I thought to myself. "How about I take a look at the map, Percy." Grover ventured, reaching for the map. I yanked it away from his grasp and glared at him. He looked back at me pleadingly and I reluctantly handed him the map. "Fine. Guide us Sacagawea." I muttered. "Sure thing …. Helen." "Helen of Troy?" "Keller." "Dick." Was my retort, though I couldn't help but smile as we started our trek across the school. We eventually found our way across the school, accompanied the entire time by the rhythmic squelching of my shoes. We were already five minutes late by the time we reached the desired doorway, to the right of which was a plaque which read 613 - Blofis . I noticed an array of dots just below the room number and name, which I recognized as braille. For students like me , I thought. Grover and I entered the room (which, thankfully, was carpeted) and were greeted by the stares of 25 other students, all sizing us up. I had grown somewhat accustomed to this process during my numerous transfers during middle school, but nothing had prepared me for this feeling of isolation. At every new school I had come to, I went in with the same expectation: this year was going to be a battle, me against everyone else. I tried to give my best challenging stare to the wall of faces in the room, but my gaze shifted to my feet. I became very aware that I was wearing entirely blue clothes and that my hair was a mess and that my arms were hanging stiffly by my sides, so I readjusted and crossed them in front my chest - which felt weird - so I adjusted again and shoved them in my pockets with an audible sigh. At that moment I realized that this battle, myself against high school, was one I was already losing. "You must be Percy Jackson, and you Grover Underwood?" A tall, clean-looking man with thin-rimmed glasses and sandy hair said as he approached us. "That's us." I responded. "Glad you could make it. There are seats for you two in the corner." he said, gesturing towards one of the tables. "Alright." I breathed in reply. I recognized his snide remark about my tardiness and already felt antagonism brewing between us. Grover followed me to the table as I selected the chair furthest in the corner, giving me a view of the