"Trust us to be the only loosers without dates..." Ron threw himself onto his bed in anguish. The ball was tonight and neither he or Harry had anybody to accompany them. They had tried and tried again but all that fell before them were rejections. "I know but we have to go. Maybe we'll meet somebody there." Harry had very little hope of that happening but staying in the common room mopeing around wasn't an option. "Yeah right! If we were going to go with anybody then we would have dates already." Ron re-opened the box containing his dress robes. He held them up to take another ghastly look at the old, moth ridden bonnet and cloak. "Maybe you could find somebody...but me...I mean take a good look at this thing! No girl is going to want to be seen with me let alone dance." "But you don't want to dance." Harry wasn't dancing, he knew that much. Ron couldn't even dance if he wanted to, he'd probably break some unfortunate girl's toes. "I'm just saying...so...what are we going to do?" Ron took off his slippers and stood up. He proceeded to undo his jeans, ready to begin getting dressed. "Let's just go together." Harry paid no attention to Ron undressing himself. If anything he felt sorry for Ron, having to wear what he was given. He had offered to buy him some new robes but Ron had flat out refused claiming that his mum would have wanted him to wear it. "As friends- that's a bit pathetic." Ron shook his head disapprovingly. "Well, we've got no other options. Its not like we're going to dance; just go and sit there...you know." Yes it was an awkward option but there wasn't much the two could do, going as friends wouldn't be too bad. "I guess. Alright...well. I'll just go get an' dressed." Ron threw his jeans onto the bed and took out the dress shirt and trousers. He effortlessly walked over to the bathroom. All that was going through his mind was how long and boring the night would be. "Go ahead. I'll wait for you to be done." Harry brushed his mess of hair. There wasn't much he could do with it, he couldn't really brush it back or put it to one side. It was just in a permanent state of unkept. Still he pushed it to one side, bits started but at least it looked like he had made some attempt to control it. Meanwhile Ron was dressed and brushing his teeth over the sink. He just kept trying to ignore how itchy his shirt was and how frilly his collar seemed to be. This was surely a nightmare. Ron spat and rinsed before braving it and coming out fully dressed. "I look like my Great Aunt Tessy..." Ron stopped in front of the full length mirror. He lifted one arm and inhaled, "smell like my Great Aunt Tessy." "They're not that bad." Harry couldn't stop staring, on they seemed less horrid and shapeless but still quite disastrous. "But look at you! Those are robes!" Ron gestured to all of Harry, feeling sort of betrayed that his friend didn't look as terrible as he did. "I did offer, Ron." Harry once again reminded. Ron felt hopeless he knew he should have swallowed his pride and accepted, now it was too late. All he could do was exhale heavily. "I know..." He slipped his feet into his shoes and tied the laces. He looked up, "your hair...it looks good." Harry felt his cheeks burn at the compliment, Ron daren't look up at Harry as he too was embarrassed. "Thanks...I brushed it." Harry coughed loudly to distract from the tension. "I doubt Hermione is ready. We should go wait for her in the hall." Ron stood and stretched out. Both of them hadn't spoken to Hermione all day after Ron had made her mad by insisting she was going alone and that they should have gone together to 'spare' the embarrassment. "Right. Okay." The two left the room with Ron turning to take one more look in the mirror before shutting the door, as if anything had changed or he looked any less terrible. "I still don't see Hermione. Do you even think she's coming?" Harry looked around and peered into the dance hall to check for his friend. He was impressed with the extent the teachers had gone to, the hall looked spectacular, fake snow and a beautiful silver tree. Then again, he'd be disappointed with anything less. "Of course not. She's probably in bed crying because nobody asked her." Ron scoffed smugly. "Nobody asked you either Ron." Harry quickly reminded him. "Yeah but...that's totally different." He shrugged off the attack. Murmurs that surrounded them became louder. 'Wow isn't she beautiful' came from each and every direction. "Yeah she is." Harry had his eyes fixated on Cho, his first choice and first rejection. She had arms linked with Cedric. He knew that Cho had made the right choice...Cedric was a better wizard and far more handsome than himself...no wonder he was rejected. "Hermione looks lovely. I wonder who she's with?" Nevil caught the boy's attention. They both turned to watch Hermione make her entrance. She did look lovely, more than lovely, she looked stunning. She wore a flattering purple dress that flowed aimlessly as she came down the stairs. Hermione extended her arm and a masculine hand took it. Attention shifted to the owner of the hand. It was none other than Viktor Krum. Hermione smiled at her friends before breezing past. "Was that Hermione? With Viktor Krum?" Nevil had to question what he had just seen. For the past week she had torn Krum down, he wasn't in her good books until tonight. "No way." Ron stuttered. It was ridiculous, he was seeing things. "Mr Potter!" Professor McGonagall called out for Harry. He turned to greet her. "Well don't you look dashing Mr Weasley." It took all of her dignity not to laugh at the sight before her. "Are you ready to dance?" Harry turned his head to the side with confusion. "Dance?" "I'm sure I told you, our champions are always the first to dance! So are you and your partner ready?" Both Ron and Harry looked at each other. What were they going to do? "I don't have a partner...I came with Ron." Harry felt dreadfully embarrassed. "Never you mind Potter. Just take Mr Weasley and dance. It's conventional but as long as you get out there and dance." Professor McGonagall patted Harry on the shoulder. "Either that or you can dance with me. I don't mind Mr Potter." Harry's eyes widened, that idea sounded worse. "Don't worry Professor. We've got it." Harry nodded. Professor McGonagall smiled, grabbed the base of her dress and scurried away. "Are you absolutely mental?" Ron whispered loudly. "It's one dance. I'm sorry Ron." Harry grabbed Ron's arm and pulled him towards the Great Hall. Ron resisted the best he could without saying no. "When the music starts I want you to go out there and dance. Everybody ready?" Harry and Ron tried to avoid the crowd around them, their eyes burning holes in their heads. The other champions were amongst those who couldn't retract their glances, Hermione was beside herself trying not to burst out into a laughing frenzy. Cho's face screwed up slightly, obviously she didn't see the situation as funny at all, Harry didn't know if he could ever face her again. The music began to play and Ron rubbed the base of his neck awkwardly as they moved forward into center stage. Neither of them remembered how to dance but faced each other none the less. "Mnn...maybe you should lead." Harry whispered as he watched Viktor and Cedric grab their partner'd waist. "What!?" Ron looked at the others around him and attempted to follow their lead, not having much time to argue as everybody had begun to dance. Ron placed a hand on Harry's side and took Harry's offered hand. "Now just...umm..." Ron kept his eyes on the ground, Harry was surprised as to how well Ron was keeping up with the rhythm of the music. If Harry hasn't known any better he would have thought that Ron had practiced the routine in secret. "I know. I'm rubbish. Didn't know I was going to dance." Ron admitted shyly. "You're doing well." Harry's eyes darted around the room. Smiles seemed like laughter. The music softened and all voices could be heard. It was almost like among the twirling the time slowed, Harry saw each and every face; the looks of disapproval, disgust and distaste. "Mate, its alright. Aren't you used to the spot light?" Ron looked up bashful. "Its something you don't really get used to." Harry smiled. Talking eased the anxiety, if they were to dance until the song ended then they couldn't just ignore the situation. "Yeah, I suppose." Ron too smiled. Sure things were still awkward but it was becoming bearable. When Dumbledore offered a dance to McGonagall she gratefully accepted. The two took to the floor. Ron and Harry laughed to each other. "This is madness." Ron chuckled. "You can say that again." Quickly following was Hagrid and his new 8ft lady love. If anything, the two hardly felt put out, seeing Hagrid dancing at breast height, their situation was hardly one to laugh at now. "Maybe this night won't be so bad." All couples flooded the dance floor to catch the end of the opening song. Harry felt silly for feeling so anxious everybody was just looking for a good time, everybody was in their own worlds. "I heard that there's going to be a band playing. Fancy staying around to listen?" Ron had felt too proud to do anything tonight but once caught in the action and flow of the evening he felt relaxed and wasn't prepared to sit still. "Yeah, sure. I don't know what wizard music is like." Harry had never heard a real wizard band, he was only used to the tat on the radio back home and the old tapes Aunt Petunia had. "Harry, you've been missing out. You're such a muggle." Ron could feel a music rant coming on. He loved wizard music, although similar to muggle music, the word were much more relatable to the wizarding world. "The downside of being raised my muggles." Harry laughed to himself, he knew that he was lame but he couldn't help it. The music stopped and everyone disbanded. "Well...that was alright. Could have been worse." Ron admitted. For some reason his smile had disappeared and the awkwardness set in. "Yeah..." The room was sort of quiet and filled with individual chatter whilst the band got set up. "Let's get a good space at the front." Harry grabbed Ron's arm as Ron bulldozed his way to the front of the hall. "This song goes out to all of the champions in the room!" The guitarist called into the mic. The crowd began to cheer and so the music started. 11PM "Join us after we come back, witches go powder your noses, wizards help yourself to the buffet!" For the last two hours Harry and Ron had been dancing, head banging, mastering air guitar and jumping up and down. The night had been live. "I'm so exhausted. Let's go get a drink." Harry and Ron made their way over to the drinks table where there they both grabbed a glass of non-alcoholic bubbly. "Looks like you guys were having fun." Hermione came and grabbed herself a glass. She had a smile that stretched from ear to ear. "Oh yeah. Loads." Harry nudged Ron with his shoulder. "Me and Viktor are going to leave soon, he's quite tired." Every now and again Ron would catch Hermione dancing and waving her head in the air, looking genuinely happy. "I haven't even thought about leaving yet." Ron was actually looking forward to the