Nico really hated health class. It's not like they learned anything anyway, the entire class just talked over Mr. Asclepius as he tried to show them a diagram of the female genitals. He sat in the back corner, hiding his novel behind a Healthy Eating: The Benefits Of A Vegan Diet textbook, and tried to block out the constant drone of the class. "Alright, kids! Settle down, yes, uh, have a seat Mr. Solace, Mr. Valdez, please put that down, it is very fragile! Alright, everyone…" Mr. Asclepius ran around the room, for once disciplining his students. It took a few minutes, but finally he returned to his stand at the front of the class, holding a large stack of papers. "We are going to be starting a project on the joys of child care." He smiled brightly, as the rest of the class groaned loudly. People immediately began turning to one another, deciding who would be their partner, what the gender would be, how many babies they wanted, names, etc. "Oh no, you won't be picking your own partners," Mr. Asclepius smiled again, "I will be choosing for you, and the rest will be left to the fates." Nico almost added in his own groan with his classmates. "Hush, it won't be that bad! I'm coming around with a hat and you will pick from it until everyone is chosen." They started at the other end of the classroom, with Percy Jackson. Percy was laughing at something Grover Underwood said, when the cowboy hat of names was pushed into his chest. "Pick one, Mr. Jackson." Nico quickly looked down at his book, trying to concentrate on anything except Percy. It didn't work. "Annabeth Chase… No way! Annabeth!" Percy crowd, leaping out of his chair and crossing the room to where Annabeth was grimacing. Nico tried to keep busy as the cowboy hat was passed around. Anxiety was eating at his stomach while the partners were being assigned. He forced himself to read the words in his book, but distracting himself was never a strong suit. As he turned the page of his book, Nico managed to pick up his name through the chaotic noise of the class. "Nico di Angelo." It was just Nico's luck that he would be paired up with Jason Grace. Really, he should have seen it coming. Jason's friends began slapping him on the back, congratulating him on being the only gay parent in the class. Jason laughed good naturedly, and swatted away their hands, not seeming bothered by their jeers. But Nico was. He could feel his face heating up, and he busied himself by placing his bookmark neatly inside his book. "Now, I'm telling you right now, these dolls are going to act like real babies." Mr. Asclepius perched on his desk and grinned madly at the class, "You will be getting a bag full of clothes, diapers, bottles, and anything else you will need. Everything has a censor on it, so I will be able to monitor your progress. It's supposed to be fun kids, so enjoy it! It's an experience you will remember forever!" Mr. Asclepius clapped his hand together, "And one more thing. These babies are going to cry. A lot. So be ready! I'm going to give you this packet, where you will record your daily progress with your child. Be honest! Remember, I can see everything. Okay, everyone? Meet by the door to pick up your baby or for some of you, babies!" Groaning inwardly, Nico began packing up his bag, trying to ignore the person walking towards him. "Hey, Nico!" Jason greeted, leaning against his table, bag slung over his shoulders. "Hello." Nico said sharply, only glancing up at the blonde for a second. "You wanna go pick up our child?" "Sure." Nico followed behind Jason as they walked to the two giant boxes full of creepy baby dolls. "Mr. Grace, Mr. di Angelo, take your pick," Their teacher said, holding out another slip of paper. "Care to do the honors?" Jason asked, smiling down at him. Wordlessly, Nico picked a piece of paper and read the instructions out loud. "Congrats! You have given birth to a beautiful baby girl," Nico looked up from the paper and raised an eyebrow. Mr. Asclepius gave a quick gasp, "Oh right, you two get a different piece of paper…" Scrambling around his desk, he brought back another slip and quickly switched it with the one Nico was holding. "There you are." Clearing his throat, Nico began reading again, "Congrats! You are free to adopt your own baby! Please choose it's gender, race, and ethnicity." "You can pick." He told Jason without looking up from the paper. "Okay," Jason chirped. Nico watched timidly as Jason thrust a hand into the box of babies, dug around, until he pulled one out by the foot. "Careful, Mr. Grace, that is your child," Mr. Asclepius warned. "Alright, " Nico continued reading, "Now that you have a child, a lifestyle will be chosen for you. You and your partner are upper class citizens with one working parent, to be decided later. The working parent will take the baby for nights, while the stay at home parent takes it for the day. You will be given two free babysitter passes, where you will be allowed to give your baby back for up to two hours per pass-" "That's a very good deal, you two got lucky," Mr. Asclepius interrupted. Nico continued reading. "This project will teach you how to care for a child, and the hardships of being a parent. See your teacher if you have any problems, and good luck!" "Yup, good luck to you two!" Their teacher said, before shooing them out the door and onto the next partnership. "So…" Jason said, running a hand across the back of the neck. "Do you want to be the working parent?" Nico asked. "Whatever you want." Jason replied, giving him a friendly smile. "I take a lot of night shifts at my job so I suppose it would work better if I took him for the day." "Okay! Do you want to meet up later to switch off?" Nico shrugged, "Sure." "Here? End of the day?" "Okay." "See you then." "Bye." Nico said, walking away with their new child. Jason and Nico had a son. His skin was a light brown/olive, and he had brown, almond shaped eyes. He cried a lot. Like, a lot. "Mr. di Angelo, could you please quiet that child?" His world history teacher asked him, stopping her lecture to yell at him. "Yeah, I'm trying…" Nico muttered, before getting up from his seat and walking out of the class. "I just need to go find my partner…" Ms. Athena nodded, her lips pressed tightly into a line. Nico speed walked down the hall and quickly texted his sister. Nico: Is Jason Grace in your class? Nico prayed he was, he knew that Hazel was friends with the jock, and it would really save him the trouble of having to hunt Jason down. His phone pinged almost immediately. Hazel: He is, what's wrong? Are you in trouble? Nico: He can explain, tell him to meet me outside. Now. When Nico made it the west wing of the school, Jason was standing outside the Marine Bio room with his hands in his pockets. "What's going on?" He said as Nico approached, "I heard you all the way down the hall." "Your son won't shut up." "I believe he is your son too," Jason grinned, reaching out to take the baby from Nico. "Did you bring the bag of stuff?" "What do you think this giant bag is for?" Nico snapped, irritated from having to hear the baby scream for the past hour. Jason shot him a pointed stare, and repositioned the baby in his arms. He began cooing at it, and rocking it in his arms. "What are you doing?" Nico asked, furrowing his nose. Jason looked up surprised, "I'm putting him to sleep." "What are those noises coming from your mouth?" Nico asked, fighting a smile. "I'm relaxing him, didn't you read the brochure?" Jason grinned, still rocking the baby. "No, I must have forgotten, too busy trying not to throw it out the window." Jason laughed, "It? You didn't name him?" "I thought we were supposed to decide that as parents." Nico remarked quietly. Jason's rocking and cooing were actually working, and the doll was quieting down. "See? That wasn't so hard," Jason smirked at him. "Shut up, Grace. What are we going to name it?" Nico asked, taking the baby from Jason's arms and mimicking the way he was holding him. "How about, Jico? Or Niason?" Nico shook his head, "No." "Okay... How about something cool, like Thor or Drogo?" "Why don't we just stick to something simple… like Steve Rogers." "Okay, so you would rather Steve Rogers over Thor?" "Captain America: The Winter Soldier was fantastic, it was so much better than Thor: The Dark world." "Um, I beg to differ-" "Why don't we just name it Chris then?" Nico interrupted. Jason grinned at him, "Okay, we'll name him Chris." Nico rolled his eyes, "I have to get back to class, Ms. Athena is gonna be so passive aggressive to me." Jason grimaced, "Yeah, good luck with that, shes tough to win over. By the way, how did you know where I was?" "I stalk you in my free time. It's a hobby I picked up a few years ago." "I see," Jason nodded, smiling. "Okay, I have to get back to class." "Same. Bye, Jason." "Bye, Nico. Bye, Chris!" Jason cooed at the doll. "You're kinda weird, Jason." "You're one to talk. Bye, Nico." "See you later, Grace." The next morning, Nico waited for Jason and Chris at his locker. He had been more than happy to give Chris over to Jason for the night, and appreciated the quiet he got at his job at the library. Having a baby scream in your ear constantly, all day long, was enough to drive him crazy. Placing textbooks into his locker, Nico didn't hear Jason approach until he was tapped on the shoulder. "Good morning, Nico!" "Good morning, Jason, did your night go well?" Nico peeked around his locker to look at his partner. His heart beat picked up when he noticed how crooked Jason's glasses were, and without even thinking the question tumbled out of his mouth. "I didn't know you wore glasses," Jason chuckled, "I normally wear contacts, but was too lazy to put them in today. Something tells me with Chris around, I'll be wearing them a lot more." "Oh," Nico stared for a second more, then returned to putting his books away, "I take it your night was tiring?" "Not as bad as I thought it would be," Jason said, leaning against a locker, "Chris does have quite the set of pipes on him though." "Now you understand my pain." Nico said, slamming his locker shut by accident. Chris immediately started to cry, and Jason groaned under his breath. "I'm so sorry," Nico apologized, taking the baby from Jason's arms. "It's alright, it just took him a while to sleep…" "Don't worry, I'll calm him down." "Do you know how?" Jason asked, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose, "I can figure it out," Nico fumbled with Chris in his arms and picked his bag up off the ground. "Don't worry about it." "Alright," Jason hesitated, "Do you want to sit together at lunch? We can start filling out the sheets and stuff," "Yeah, sure," Nico hastily agreed, rocking Chris in his arms. "Great, I'll come find you after 5th period!" Jason said, before falling in line with his friends and disappearing down the hallway. "Just you and me Chris…" Nico muttered, heading on his way to his first period class. Lunch could not have come sooner. Nico almost cried when he saw Jason