Written for Who's My Soulmate (Draco/Harry, playing card) Disclaimer: I still do not own Harry Potter, or anything of association with it. I won't pretend that I do otherwise. This out of the way, please don't sue me. -oOo- -oOo- There was something off – no, not quite off, more like uncomfortably familiar – about Malfoy these days. Habitual was a good word for it, and it left Harry slightly unsteady at the fact. Malfoy had fallen into a familiarity since joining the Order nearly a year ago, and he had only furthered ingrained himself with each passing day. The crisped haired blond no longer seemed an enigma among those who had once hated him so strongly. He was relaxed, restrained, and had somehow managed to stopped holing himself up in the kitchen anytime a ginger so much as sneezed in his direction. So why Harry had suddenly become so apprehensive around their fellow soldier was beyond him. "You know, if you want to shag Draco, you could probably just ask him. Glaring across the room at him isn't going to make him take his clothes off." That's why he was so tense. Shifting himself on the couch, he glared at the far too enthusiastic redhead. "I am not pinning after him, so don't even go there." Ginny only grinned wider. She pulled her small form over the back of the couch and dropped down on the cushion beside him. She threw herself back, wedging herself against him. Harry adjusted himself, stretching out the leg she had sat on. He shifted the ripped playing card he was holding into his other hand as to prevent it being crushed against the couch. His finger drifted across the familiar texture, taking in every fold, and the ting of warmth he got from it. "You totally are pinning," Ginny said. She dared a glance across the over spacious den. Draco was paying them no mind as he poured away over some thick book. He was scribbling something down in that tattered and overstuffed journal of his. She watched as he marked something in the book before searching through the mess of parchment he kept within the leather bound pages of his journal. He was too invested in whatever it was Kingsley had him working on to notice Ginny's stares. More impressive, was how oblivious he was to Harry having been drilling holes into him with his eyes. The quick flash of a grey gaze their way told Ginny that maybe he wasn't as oblivious to the stares as they thought. "Why don't you just ask him out," Ginny asked, looking back up to Harry, who only sighed. "Out where? We're at war, Gin. Not much opportunity to date you know." "You have to make time for it. You can't let the bad times keep you from the good. If it's meant to happen, you'll find a way to make it happen. But sitting here sulking, isn't gonna get it done. I mean, for Merlin's beard, you guys are in your twenties. You've been pinning after each other since you were eleven." "I don't pin," Harry grumbled. "And you didn't even know us when I was eleven, so how would you know?" Harry's finger bent the corner of the playing card. He watched it flick itself back straight. "I knew you at twelve, it's not how to guess how you two started." Ginny slipped the playing card from his hand and turned it over. She frowned at the torn jack of clubs. "I've seen you fiddling with this thing. It's ripped. Why do you keep it?" Harry shrugged, rubbing his fingers together. They felt colder somewhat. "I don't know. I got it off a fortune teller a few years ago. Just have kept it." Ginny handed the card back. "A fortune teller? Do tell." "There really isn't anything to tell," Harry said, slipping the card into his shirt pocket. "It was after sixth year. With everything going on, I needed out if the house. I needed to breathe. So I snuck out, wandered town, found this little muggle magic shop. Figured it was all rubbish stuff and what not, but the lady offered a free reading and, I don't know, I kind of hoped for some kind of good news. Even if it was probably all just some cheesy scam." "What she tell you?" "That I was destined for great things. And that there was a great weight on my shoulder that would soon be lifted. That I should look to loved ones in this time of struggle." Ginny let a small smile cross her lips. "She wasn't wrong." "No, she wasn't. She said there was this mark on my soul. I thought she was talking about some mark Voldemort might have left behind, but she said it was a love mark. Something about how some people are born with the marks and it's supposed to mean that there's a soul meant to match yours. She said the card would lead me to them. So far, all it's done is be a bookmark." "Maybe your card is pointing you towards Draco. You'll never know until you ask him." "Why are you so invested in my love life?" Honestly, Harry really wanted an answer to that question. Ginny had been subtlety and not so subtlety trying to shove him off on Draco for the last four months, and didn't seem to be finding a new hobby anytime soon. "Because you're my friend, and I love you and I want to help. Besides, at least one of us should be getting shagged at all times and seeing as Luna is still out of country, you have to carry that torch. So, go do the nasty since I can't." "Gross." -oOo- His conversation with Ginny stayed with Harry in the back of his mind over the next week. Thankfully, he hadn't had much time to actually dwell on her words, what with the war and all. Maybe thankful wasn't a word to use in context to war, but Harry really didn't want to think of what his feelings for Malfoy meant. He'd been able to manage to avoid the implications of his feelings so far, he figured he could keep up the denial for a little longer. But stuck in the kitchen with the man in question was making it difficult for Harry to continue avoiding him. Draco was too busy stuffing his face with Molly's roast to pay Harry any mind to his companion at the kitchen table. Harry wanted to tell the guy to slow down, because sweet Merlin he was going to chock, but he just couldn't bring himself to interrupt. The poor guy had just spent the last three days locked in the cellar of some Death Eater hold out, who was Harry to take the joy of a meal from him. And strangely enough, the trail of light brown broth looked quite attractive against his pale skin. "Mrs. Weasley makes the best roast," Draco spoke around a piece of bread. He moaned as he stuffed a chunk of beef into his mouth. Harry could only watch, marveling that this man was once the aristocratic, snob with his perfectly ironed robes, and slicked back hair. Now he was hunched over the kitchen table, shoving a pot roast down his throat, and not having even bothered to wash the dirt from off his face and hair. Oh, how war changed people, Harry thought. "Can you pass me the jug of juice?" Harry had to shake himself from his staring to grab the jug of apple juice. He took the extra step, and refilled both his and Draco's glass. The blond stared at the glass for a moment, before muttering a thanks and taking a swig to wash out the rest of the pot roast. He let a deep sigh escape his lips before leaning back in his chair. Harry wondered if the guy had any idea of frustratingly attractive he looked right now. Judging from the way he casually was glancing out the window, he did. The bastard. "I think someone called my name," Harry muttered. Rising from his chair. He pushed the pitcher of juice closer to Draco, before exiting the kitchen in a hasty retreat. He had a moment to breath outside air, before a hand snagged his arm and dragged him off by a few feet. Long red hair danced through the air as Ginny turned, hands on her hips, and a frown on her lips as she regarded him. "What are you doing? I thought you were going to ask him out?" "The guy just got back." Harry defended. "I didn't want to freak him out." "Ask him out!" Ginny flicked half a playing card between her fingers, waving it in front of his face. Harry snatched it from her, realizing what she was holding. His finger rubbed over the object, finding it familiar in his hold. "Did you steal this from my stuff? Not cool, Gin." "Listen to your little magic card." There was a familiar play of sarcasm in her voice, but a sincere light to her gaze. "It's just some stupid trinket. I'm gonna throw it away." "Ask the idiot out." "Have you always been this blunt?" "Do it!" Ginny knocked her shoulder against his as she walked back into the house. Playing with the card in his hand, Harry sighed. He'd been avoiding these feelings for longer than he cared to admit and it was starting to wear him down. He glanced through the kitchen window, smiling at the way Ginny and Draco were laughing. He looked so comfortable; like he belonged in the cluttered little kitchen. Harry smiled at that. He shoved the card in his pocket, and stepped back into the kitchen. Ginny smiled at him, before wandering out. There was quiet as the pair of men took in the other. Draco stayed seated in his chair, fidgeting just once under Harry's heavy stare. "Did I do something to offend you, Potter?" Harry shook his head, dragging a chair from the table and dropping into it. "No. Nothing like that." A smirk crossed the blonde's lips. "So you've been avoiding me for what…? Just can't handle having to look at my magnificent self?" Harry bit the corner of his lips. He begged his haze to roam elsewhere, but it kept roaming back to that smug face in front of him. There was a fresh scar that ran along his soft white cheek. It was bright red, clearly a souvenir from his resent imprisonment as Harry didn't recall seeing the mark before now. He knew the lines of scars that crossed along the man's arms, and the ones that stretched across his face and neck. Where one would think scars could destroy someone's beauty, Harry found himself being drawn in by those marks. He imagined kissing them. Running his tongue over them. He imagined digging his fingers into Draco's back and leaving little marks of his own with his lips over skin. He tried to chase such images from his mind. He did not need to be distracted now. Did war usually cause one to become a right horny bastard, or was he just a special kind of fucked? "Potter…" Oh, the brow raise. Yep, Harry was fucked. "You wanna have a quick shag?" It took Harry an embarrassingly long moment to realize what he had just said. In the time he sat there, oblivious that the words had escaped his lips, Voldemort himself could have popped in, cast a killing curse on his young rival and been on his merry little evil way, before Harry even registered his words. It didn't take Draco nearly as long, as his eyes lit up with understanding. He regarded the man in front of him, an unreadable expression on his face. Harry didn't have words. He sat there, watching Draco and wondering how hard it would be to