Percy took three, slow steps before reaching the door, I stayed back giving him some space. On the door hung the traditional wreath, decorated with blues and sea shells. Three days until Christmas. It was unbelievable, Percy was gone for a whole year. He turned around and held out his hand, "C'mon I can smell the cookies." I smiled back and took his hand walking closer to lean into him. He was so warm and it was so cold and dark. Snow fell gently, sort of like a snow globe's and fell onto our heads. It was 10 o'clock, and we were standing outside of the house Sally and Paul had bought after they got married. It was more into the suburbs, unlike Sally and Percy's first apartment which was deep into New York's busy streets. "Are you ready?" I asked him tilting my face up. Percy's eyes seemed to scan the house. The Christmas lights hang off the roof, but were turned off. The only light on was the kitchen light from inside. He nodded, "I'm ready, but is this really my house?" He looked down to look at me, his eyebrows scrunched together. "Mom didn't move or anything while I was gone?" I shook my head, "Nope, not that I remember. She said she wanted to be home when you came back." "But the Christmas lights are off, and usually we could see the Christmas tree from here." Percy said. I knew what he was talking about. Sally loved Christmas. Her house was the Christmas house. Lights, garland, poinsettias, and tiny Santas and reindeers everywhere . Instead we stood in front one of the more duller houses on the street. "I know, but the wreath says it all, Perce." I whispered. He nodded and smiled. He looked like he was going to open a present instead of the front door of his house. His sea-green eyes were bright, glowing in the dark, his face relaxed, something I haven't seen for a long time, and he was shaking but in a good way. He was excited. Percy turned to look at me again. He had the biggest grin on his face. He bent down and kissed my nose, "Gods, I'm nervous." I let out a little laugh, "Just ring the doorbell already." And he did. His hand grabbed mine as soon as he pressed the doorbell, sort of like a kid who was playing 'ding-dong ditch' except Percy wasn't going anywhere. Percy lifted my hand to his lips and gave it a peck. I laughed again pulling my hand back down. I was going to say something until the door opened. And there she stood. Her brown and grey hair pulled into a loose bun with strands falling into her face, her apron covering the front of her body was covered in flour and blue food coloring, so was her face. Her face. Her smile wasn't there anymore. Her eyebrows scrunched like Percy's and her eyes, oh gods, her eyes. They drooped, making her look tired, and her blue eyes seem to have gotten darker since the last time I saw her. Sally Jackson stood in front of Percy and I. She seemed to have just noticed this and her hands went up to her mouth, letting out a gasp, "Percy," and a tear fell from one of her eyes. And then another, and then one more. Soon streams of tears ran down her face. Percy immediately let go of my hand and I started to feel cold again. But I wasn't going to be selfish now, when I had Percy with me longer than Sally did. He pulled her into a hug, his long, strong arms wrapping around her shaking body. She was short enough for Percy to rest his chin on the top of her head. He rubbed her back trying to comfort her but I could tell he was crying, too. So I rubbed his back. She pushed him back gently, I'm guessing to get a better look at him. Her eyes scanned him, her hands running over his arms and his face. She kept pressing it and pinching his cheeks, making me laugh. Percy's hands went to his face, getting a hold of his mom's. He brought them down so they were sort of just resting in between them. "Mom," Percy started, his voice shaking, "I'm home," he let out a nervous laugh. Sally nodded and laughed, too, "You're home, you're home, you're home," she kept repeating it over and over again as Percy pulled her into another hug. He rocked Sally a bit, his body swaying gently, and it made me think of how about 16 years ago, Sally was sitting in a rocking chair, rocking Percy to sleep. She pulled away again and gave Percy a big kiss on the cheek. He blushed but didn't say anything about it. Sally took another long look at Percy before saying, "You have no idea how much I miss you. And you ," Sally turned to me smiling, "I knew it, I knew you'd bring him back to me." before I knew it, Sally was hugging me. I looked over at Percy, who was smiling at me. He was smirking, and I knew he wanted to laugh. I rolled my eyes at him and hugged Sally back. She let go and rubbed my arms, "Thank you so much, Annabeth." Her eyes started to tear again, "But tell me when you leave next time, okay? I thought you went missing like Percy! Thank the gods for Chiron keeping me updated." Percy looked at her, "Updated? So that means-" he was interrupted by a familiar voice from inside, "Sally is everything alright or…" Paul came into the doorway and his jaw dropped, "Percy, you're back." Paul looked just like Sally. Sad, tired and worried. He pulled Percy into a hug, clapping him on the back. "Hey Paul," Percy laughed. Paul lets go and he too looks at Percy. Paul's eyebrows scrunch together and frowns. So then I look at Percy, too. Only then did I notice how thin Percy got. Paul looked at me and shakes his head. I probably was as thin as Percy. As soon as everything was sorted out at camp, Percy and I went here immediately, forgetting to eat. We also didn't eat much in Tartarus, and even though Piper and Hazel tried to make sure Percy and I ate all the time to make up for Tartarus, there wasn't a lot of time to eat because of all of the planning and training. We weren't starving, but we were hungry and we had lost so much weight. "You guys need something to eat, and it's cold, come on in." Paul smiled at us, he hugged me briefly and then reached for Sally's hand. Percy did the same to me and lead me into the house. The walls were a light blue, decorated with pictures of Percy, Sally, Paul, and some with me. The inside of the house was more decorated than the outside. The Christmas tree stood in the corner decorated like the wreath outside, with blues and sea shells. Blue garland rested on the fireplace where there were more pictures. It was missing some decorations, but beat my house by a long shot. We sat down in the kitchen and Paul got Percy and I water, juice, soda and milk, as if were going to drink them all. He pulled bread, lettuce tomatoes and cheese from the fridge and pantry making us sandwiches. Sally sat across from Percy and I. I noticed a plate of blue chocolate chip cookies sitting on the kitchen counter. I couldn't help but think of May Castellan and the piles of moldy sandwiches, burnt cookies and expired kool aid pouches on her counters. But there was only one plate of cookies which probably wasn't as bad. Percy reached for one and smiled, "I missed you guys so much," I rolled my eyes and grabbed one for myself. I bit into it and I felt the warmth and gooey-ness of the chocolate chips and a little steam that floated out meant that they must've been fresh out of the oven. "They're still warm. It's like you were expecting us." I pretending to laugh. I was praying to the gods that Sally wasn't following after May. Percy must've caught me because his eyes shot up to mine and then to his mother's, and then back to me, wide. Whoops, I scared him. "You mentioned Chiron was keeping you updated," I started trying to calm Percy down, I grabbed his hand underneath the table and rubbed it, "what did he tell you?" Sally's face fell and she looked down, "Chiron told me everything," her eyes started to water and Percy's hand tightened around mine. He cleared his throat, "Everything? As in…" Percy was shaking and the water in the cup in front of me started rise out of the cup, "Percy," I nudged him and the water immediately fell back in. He let out a shaky breath and muttered sorry. Sally nodded, "Chiron told me about..." she was having trouble saying it, too, I couldn't even say it, "He told me about Tartarus," she said it so quietly, it was barely audible. Tears started to race down her face and Paul came right in time with our sandwiches. He placed them in front of us before wrapping Sally into a hug, calming her down. She was sobbing, and Percy and I were both on the verge of crying, too. When Sally had calmed down a bit she started to explain, "When you stopped coming to visit me, Annabeth, I started to get worried. I mean, Percy went missing, Nico stopped visiting me, and so did you, Grover and Thalia were busy looking for Percy and the Iris messages weren't working, so I couldn't contact you. I called your dad, he said you hadn't come to visit and that he thought you were with me or at camp, he was so scared that what happened to Percy, happened to you, we started to call each other every night, waiting for updates. "Then, one night I got home from grocery shopping and there was a message on the phone, and it was you, Percy. I was overjoyed knowing that you were alive but I was so worried because you mentioned a quest, and that's never good. I finally got in contact with Chiron, after who-knows-how many-drachmas, the IM was staticy and he opted into getting a telephone. He called me and explained to me about the other demigods, then about you being in the Roman Camp, then Annabeth's quest for the Athena Parthenos, then he found out that the two of you fell into Tartarus, he told me about the war between the camps and," she takes a deep breath shaking her head, "that's all we knew at the time. Chiron was… he was so concerned about the two of you. He was confused. I mean the next prophecy wasn't due until your grandchildren's grandchildrens were all grown up. Apollo said so himself. I've tried calling Chiron a few times after the first call, and he'd tell me what he knew, which unfortunately wasn't enough to calm me or Frederick. Then one day I called and the phone in camp kept ringing and no one would answer. I got worried, what if something happened to the camp? What if the Roman's destroyed Camp-Half Blood? And what if Chiron was gone? And the two of you were still M.I.A, I was going crazy ," Sally was rambling, but I was really paying little attention. My thoughts were all swarming around the fact I've forgotten to call my dad. My dad. Here I was with Percy and his family while mine probably had no idea if I was still alive or not. Oh gods. I looked up to Percy holding Sally's hand, rubbing little