This is our second story thank you beta for fixing my mistakes and i hope you guys enjoy disclaimer : i don't own the hunger games or any of the characters except for AUDRA AND EMERSON that's it my beta and i created those and i don't own any of the songs in the story but there are links in my profile i you wanna hear how the songs go i'm not a fan of Taylor swift or Justin Bieber or anyone of that type so don't expect there to be any songs from them i'm old fashion but onward to the story Winter had just begun in the small town in Westfield, Massachusetts and we are only one game away from reaching the NHL and only one point away from winning the game. I have the puck but I don't have a clear shot of the goal Finnick, who plays defense decides to give me a hand by checking a player coming at me in to the side rail. Did I mention that he's one of my best friends since college, next to Emerson? But I'll tell that story after the game. The clock has ten seconds left and I start feeling the weight of what the game will costs if I mess up this shot. I'm the fastest player on the ice so I put that to good use and dodge every attack thrown at me until I finally found a clear path of the goal. The goalie being the dumbass that he is, is paying attention to what happening outside the rink. He's watching a group of girls cheer his team on, oblivious to what I'm about to do. I get the puck in position and shoot it from where I stand, which isn't a far way off, close enough to make the goal yet far enough for the goalie not to notice until it's too late. In the games that I got to get a goal in for the past 6 years always start the same in the heat of the game, my mind slows everything down and blocks out all noise so that I'm alone in my thoughts listening only to my heart beat quick and hard in my chest. Everything that I do is in slow motion for those split seconds and I never know if I made it or not because I always refuse to look and see if I made it. So in the last five seconds I never hear the buzzer that signifies that the goal was made or that the game was over. I stay frozen in place until Finn decides to body slam into me into the ice to 'congratulate' me. "Oomph" I manage to get out when Finn toppled me over. "You did it, you lucky son of a bitch, you" said Finn "We need to go out and celebrate your luck." "No thanks Finn after you just body slammed me into the ice I don't think I'll move for days" I say while Finn starts to get off of me. "Aw that's too bad you're still going out no excuses I'll even ask Emerson if he'll come and if not I'll make him." "I feel sorry for Emerson" I say Start of flash back Then I remember the first time we met Emerson it was in college and we bumped into him on our way to class. Finn and I were in the hallway when we heard yelling and we saw a guy from hockey named, Cato he kind of has a bit of a temper and will blow it off on anybody who's in his way. Anyway Cato's girlfriend broke up with him and Cato was furious and just decided to take it out on poor Emerson. He's not a lanky kid or anything, it's just that he's not much of a fighter. Cato was yelling in Emerson's face so Finn and I decided to help him out. "Hey Cato! class is about to begin and Mr. Anderson said if you're late one more time that he'll fail you for the trimester!" Finn yelled. Cato's eyes got big and he booked it to his next class we walked up to Emerson and asked if he was alright. "You alright man?" I asked "Yeah thanks for that I'm Emerson by the way" he said "I'm Peeta and this is my friend Finnick" I said "Thanks again, and I'll see you guys around sometime" he said "Yeah see you around Emerson" I said We went our separate ways but when we saw each other the next day at lunch we all sat together and since then we've been inseparable. End of flash back "I don't "says Finn matter of factly "What would he do without us? His life would be pretty boring without us to make it fun" Finn says while we head to the locker rooms to shower off today's events. Once we're inside everyone cheers because they get to see the player who helped them win the game, I hear "Great game Peeta!" and "You're awesome Peeta!"and other comments of that matter throughout the locker room. "Well Mr. Famous, take a shower because you're not gonna meet anyone new smelling like sweat and unwashed hockey uniform" Finn says this in a joking fashion, but I can't help but think of why he said it. Well I know why but I… just still remember what happened as if it was yesterday when it happened months ago. Flashback I remember that day having spent it practicing with my team. I was engaged then to Delly Cartwright a petite blond who loved to party and no one was a stranger to her, we had been together for 2 years and I had asked her to marry me in the beginning of this year. She said yes and the wedding was supposed to be in July. On this particular day practice was cut short and I wanted nothing more than to go to bed to my lovely fiancé and sleep the day away. But when I got home, it wasn't what I expected to come home to. My soon to be wife was…. End of flashback "Hey Peet are you alright?" Finn asks its then that realize that I'm still where I was before but I was thinking about what happened to the engagement. I say "Yeah I'm fine just... just thinking 'bout …..well ya know" Finn has a guilty look on his face when he figures out what I mean. "Man I didn't mean to upset you on a night to celebrate and be happy" Finn says "S'okay I know you didn't, it's not your fault that she threw the love that I gave her out the window." "How 'bout we have a guy's night with you, me, Emerson, Rye, and Barley to celebrate going to the NHL and to forget that bitch Delly" Finn says. "I don't know Finn you think it'll be safe?" I say and with that Finn knows my answer is yes so he goes on saying "No but what is life without risks?" he says "A safe life" I say "Ha, shut up and go get ready we're going to a place I found a while back." Time skip 2 hours later Ok Finn is a total liar saying it would just be the 5 of us, last minute he decides to bring Annie, his long term girlfriend. It's not that we don't like her, it's just well, she's a girl and Finn promised a guy's night. This is the excuse he used when he told us she was coming: "Sorry guys I don't wanna just leave her alone in the apartment. What kinda boyfriend would I be to just leave her there? And we'll need a ride home later cause we'll be wasted and she doesn't drink." We reach the pub and it's called The Mockingjay and according to Finn its run by some elderly woman called Sae and a drunk called Haymitch. When we're being shown to our table I don't really pay much attention to the waitress because my mind is still on the topic of earlier today on my canceled engagement. But my brothers and Emerson seemed to be enchanted by our waitress. "Did you see that chick the gray eyes and the nice body Peet?" Rye says "If only we got to hear her name then I could call her back over and ask her out" says Barley. Rye volunteered to get us all drinks and came back an hour later with not only our drinks but also a girl. 'Of course you bring a random girl you just met at a bar to your friends table' I think. I'm pulled from my thoughts into the present by Rye who introduces the girl with brown eyes and short spiky hair. "Everybody this is Johanna I met her at the bar and she invited us to sit with her and her friends, you guy up for it?" Rye asks we nod in agreement and get up to start heading toward her table. Once we reach the table we were greeted by two other girls sitting there "Jo did you make new friends already? It's only been a couple of minutes!" said a girl with brown long wavy hair and big brown eyes. "Shut up Madge, you're just mad that I make friends faster than you" said Johanna "Don't be rude Jo, aren't you going to introduce us to your friends" said a girl with straight brown and blue green eyes. "Well this one here is called Rye, and he's brothers with these two I'm guessing, (Johanna points at me and Barley when she says this) since they look the same with the blond hair, cute little faces, and blue eyes" Johanna says. After she says that all three of us blush she just ignores this and goes on introducing Finn, Annie, and Emerson calling them by their hair and eye color. "This is bronze hair and green eyes, this is brown hair and light green eyes, and this is black hair and dark blues eyes" Johanna says. When she's done, we all introduce ourselves by names, so do her friends saying that their names were Madge and Audra. We all sit and begin small talk. A couple minutes later when everybody is familiar with everybody, we decide to get drinks but the DJ, I think his name was Haymitch interrupts our plans by saying "Alright everybody since its Saturday you know what that means." I look around the table to see 5 more confused faces (Finn, Annie, Emerson, Rye, and Barley) and 3 with smirks (Johanna, Madge, and Audra). Haymitch goes on by saying "It's karaoke night and that means we get to hear from own little 'Mockingjay' where are you sweetheart?" Jo gets up and goes into a crowd of people only to come out with a girl about our age who has a brown braid going down her back and a pair of the most beautiful grey eyes I have ever seen. She is wearing a little white apron and a black button up shirt with black skinny jeans. Jo leads her to the stage while gripping her wrist tightly. When Jo gets her up there, she stands in the spotlight above her and she is radiant, her eyes shine and looks as if they were pools of silver in the moon light. She looks nervous to be up there and I fell sorta bad for her. Then Jo tells Haymitch something and he nods then Jo gives a microphone to Katniss and walks off the stage Finn, Annie, Emerson, Rye, Barley, and I look at Jo with faces of confusion and she just tells us tells us to watch and listen. We nod and look back to the nervous girl with the microphone or 'the Mockingjay' as they call her. "For those who don't know who this