A.N.- Hello everyone! This is my first Twilight story. I have always wanted to write one, so it is really exciting to be able to do this. This story will have everything. Swearing, smut (I am very new to that so I will be very afraid to post my lemons. Please constructive criticism with a small dosage of reality. I need people to be honest so I won't screw up the next one), killing, violence. Bella and Edward will be OOC and it will be an AU. If you don't like, don't read. If you under 18, please don't read. I would love for everyone to read my stories, but I know the realities of this kind of website. I do not have a beta, but hopefully someone wouldn't mind volunteering eventually? I have a special needs child, a family, and writing 7 and publishing 3 stories as we speak. I will try to post at the minimum of a couple to a few weeks. Who knows? Maybe your reviews will draw out more inspiration so I can pump it out quicker? Please review and sorry for the mini-novel, just want to let you all know where I stand. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. I tweak. All I Want Chapter One Pouring rain taps the window, letting him know how nice of a day it's going to be. He was so tired of rain and wet shoes. Tired of walking to school and drenched before getting halfway there. He was just tired of Forks, Washington in general. His alarm had been beeping for over ten minutes, but he just couldn't seem to make it out of bed. Maybe he could convince Dad he was sick. It wasn't like his dad wouldn't let him stay home, but lately it has been more than he should be faking. Charlie Swan, his father, was the Chief of police in Forks. He wasn't around for most of the time, which suited the seventeen year old just fine. He did manage to make it to his football games, though. Knowing he would be bored no matter where he was, he decided that at least he would have at least someone to talk to at school. He got out of bed and brushed his teeth. He tried patting down his unkempt bronze hair, but seeing as how it is always useless to try, he couldn't help it. He jumped into the shower and when he was finished, he put on cologne and deodorant. Putting on some boxer briefs and jeans, he also wore a red UFC t-shirt and a black hoodie over it, and headed out the door. He ran quickly, hoping he could catch a buddy on the way there. No one was driving by, so he walked there. Running into the Forks High School parking lot, he saw something shiny and new catch his eye. It was a '68 mustang. Black. Edward looked around, not seeing who it belonged to. Shrugging he went into the school. Knowing the way this school ran, he'd know whose car it was, where they got it and who they screwed over to get it, by the first step into school. To his shock, he didn't see anyone annoyingly waiting for him when he stepped inside badgering him. Not that he was complaining, though. He hated how they sat waiting by the door, like puppies about to be praised. He was happy to have a moment to himself. He went to his locker, where a lot of commotion was happening near his lockers. There was yelling and cheering echoing through the halls. He only had a few minutes before the bell rang, so he didn't even care what was going on. He grabbed his books for History in 2nd period. Right now, however, he had gym. Shutting his locker, Jessica Stanley ran to him, and encircled her arm around his. "Oh my god, Edward! You won't even believe it! A girl just moved here, and me being the nice one around here, wanted to, you know, like, welcome her here. When I said, 'Hey, I'm Jess! Who are you?' She didn't say anything to me! Me ! Then I told her about all of the cute boys here, you included, and she actually told me she wasn't interested in those kinds of things!" Edward zoned in and out when Jessica was talking to him. It was hard to stay in the conversation when she gets so ditzy. He did understand what she was getting at though. "Jess. I hate to break it to you, but not everyone has the same likes and dislikes as you. Who knows, she may be a lesbian or something." "Oh my god! That's like, exactly what I said to her!" Edward cringed. He didn't mean it in a negative way, but with the small minded townfolk around here; it most likely how it went down. Jess continued, "She gave me a weird look and started putting her stuff in her locker and guess what she has in her backpack? Toys! Like, superheroes and airplanes! I tried helping with her stuff, and she flipped out when I touched her laptop! What a freak!" Almost to the gym, Jessica looked around, confused. Looking at the time, she gasped and yelled that she was going to be late for science! Which was all the way across the high school. He rolled his eyes, and went into gym. In gym, they mostly just sat there. There wasn't much to do today. The gym teacher went to the office to "grade papers" with a student that was his T.A. Coincidentally, the T.A. was Amanda Brown. One of the biggest sluts in school. He wouldn't be out of there for a while. Bored, Edward grabbed his cell and started listening to music. "Edward! Come on! Let's go out back." A friend of his, James, nodded to the doors that lead outside. Edward sighed. He did need a hit, but didn't have any cash. Charlie wasn't exactly rolling in cash, and his job at Austin's Grocery didn't pay very much. "Sure, man. Let me just grab my jacket." James nodded, and headed outside. Edward went into the locker room to grab his coat and quickly ran out to meet James. Leaning against the brick wall, James just started lighting the joint. He got a medical marijuana card for "asthma" and has the best shit around. When legalizing pot went through, James almost cried, mostly for happiness, but also that it didn't happen before he got his card. Edward sat next to him, and when James tried passing it to him, Edward shook his head. "Nah. Maybe next time. Plus Charlie's off tonight. Don't want to risk it." James rolled his eyes. "Fuck, man. It's just a little pot. You honestly think your dad hasn't done it? If it's that big of a fuckin' deal, go take a shower once you're done." Edward thought about it. He guessed he could take one before gym was over and right away when he got home. He nodded and grabbed the joint, inhaling hard. The smoke invaded his lungs, burning his throat. The taste was awful, but he supposed that if it tasted amazing like lollipops, everyone would use it. Feeling lightheaded after finishing the joint, he looked around. He saw a girl sitting on the bleachers, looking upset. She was on her cellphone, talking to someone. She was angry, and when she got up, she moved lightning fast off of the bleachers. Edward shook his head, and looked to James, who had his eyes closed. He looked back to the bleachers, and back to James. He must not have seen it. "James. Where the fuck did you get this shit? Is it laced with mushrooms or something?" Edward asked his friend, who was staring at the drizzle coming down. "No, it isn't. But remind me I need to try that soon. That sounds sick." Edward thanked James and headed to the showers. He took a hot shower, making his high even more intense. He felt so far away. Like a balloon that broke free from a child's hand, and never coming down again. His head was swimming, so he hurriedly washed himself, and got dressed again. When he walked out of the gym, the bell rang, ending class. Next was History, which was one of his favorite subjects. He was always interested in it since he was little. It could have been his dad always put it on for background noise and going to sleep with it on. Who knows? He went into class, and saw a few of the guys talking to a girl. She must have been the new girl. She had a huge gray hoodie on and no makeup. She wasn't ugly, but it was hard to tell with her hair covering her eyes and the huge clothing. She looked ahead, not looking at them at all. The guys, who were Mike Newton, Eric Yorkie and Tyler Crowley, kept trying to get her attention. When Mike touched her hair however, she yanked her body away from him. The bell rang, Eric and Tyler started heading to their seats. Mike leaned in close and yelled loudly in her ear, "Holy shit! Everyone was right! What a bitch !" On the last word for emphasis, he threw all of her books from the desk across the floor, sending papers everywhere. Mike picked one from the air, and started passing it around. Everyone who saw them started cracking up, and passing it on. When it got to Edward, he didn't want to look at it, but when he was thinking about passing it on, he noticed a tit. He opened it up and saw a female ogre in battle gear with one breast hanging out. It was written in some language he had never seen before. It was weird yes, however, it was a pretty impressive drawing. He passed it on, and saw her on her knees trying to pick up her papers and her books. The teacher, Mrs. Benson came in and noticed the situation. "My dear. What happened?" The girl smiled, and shrugged. "Sorry Mrs. Benson. I can be such a klutz." She grabbed the last of them and sat back down. Since Edward was in the back of the class, he wasn't able to see her face. The curtain of hair was still covering most of her face. He didn't even know her name, yet there was something about her... The teacher forced her up in front of the class, where she bent her head back down further. All Edward could see was her long chestnut locks still. The teacher told everyone her name was Isabella Cullen. She moved here from Alaska. The girl was about to say something but Mrs. Benson motioned her to her seat before she could say. She sat down, and opened her book. Starting on the kings and queens of Europe made everyone groan. Edward knew most of them already, so he was excited to be starting off with a good grade this quarter. Last quarter wasn't the best with Kennedy. He didn't get a bad grade because he didn't know about him, it was more that he was so bored always hearing this and that about him. If they bring him up again he will seriously go apeshit. When the bell rang, everyone got out of their seats and started heading for the door. All except Jess and Mike. They were whispering together, and looking at Isabella. Heading for the door, Edward didn't want to get involved with whatever childish thing those two dumbasses were planning on doing to her. His high was coming down now, and all he felt was guilt. The poor girl never had a chance... He sat in his seat in Biology, the aisle seat. Since it was one of his best subjects, the teacher made him sit alone. Which