Rathienwoke to the sound of the cool night breeze, moving West as it licked the side of her face. One day had passed since they left Isengard with Merry and Pippin, and all the camp was asleep, save the guards of Théoden King, and those watching in the hills on the outskirts of the camp. She sat up, and looked around her. A pale moon was resting in the sky, yet it was too cloudy to see any stars. The cool breeze continued to move, making her ever colder. There were a few dark tents set up down the hill, for Théoden and his guards. The men of the Rohirrim were scattered about, for once, maybe, sleeping without fear on their minds. Rathien was alone, for she preferred to be alone, restlessly watching the camp below her in the valley. She could not see Mithrandir, or Aragorn, or small Merry and Pippin. She carefully wrapped her grey cloak around her to try and keep warm, but the wind still quickly flew among the camp. Down below, she saw there was a small fire, its' embers still lightly glowing in the ashes, near the edge of the camp close to the woods. She took her pack and her blanket and led her horse down to it, careful not to wake the men she walked around. She sat down on her blanket next to the nearly dead fire and watched its' embers glow. She dozed for some time, and then woke again to the sound of footsteps near her. A cloud quickly moved passed the moon, having the small jewel she bore on her forehead shine with a great light. Rathien stood up, once again, and looked around her, seeing if anyone heard the same noise she did. She heard it again: the quick crunch of leaves far off into the woods. It must have been one of the guards, she thought, but revealing her mischief, she wrapped her cloak again tightly about her and went to see what it was. Rathien walked into the forest, but it was not dark; the moon still shone brightly through the trees. She walked along, and suddenly she remembered the song old Treebeard chanted during the destruction of Isengard. Oh, how she had awaited that day! She started singing it softly, hoping the guard would hear her so she would know that it was no Orc. Naur vi eryn, lanc i dalaf. Mathach vi geven? Nostach vi 'wilith? Máb le i nagor, Bád gurth vi ngalad firiel. Dorthach vi mar han? Dagrathach go hain? Rithannen i geven Thangen i harn Na fennas i daur Ôl dûr ristannen Eryn echuiannen I ngelaidh dagrar Ristar thynd, cúa tawar Dambedir enyd i ganed Si linna i 'waew trin 'ylf Isto i dur i chuiyl I ngelaidh dagrar. She ended her song with a smile, remembering the day Treebeard hurled the iron gates of the great tower Orthanc to the ground. She now heard no footsteps save her own. She stopped and looked back, realizing how far she had really gone. She stood there and listened with her sharp elven ears, but she could only hear the sound of the wind again, rustling in the leaves above her. She turned to walk back to camp, but was stopped again by the same noise that had brought her into the forest. She looked up at the trees; their leaves still dancing in the wind. Her breath was cut short. Something watched her, she felt it. Like a wolf lurking in the shadows, watching its' prey, waiting, creeping ever closer. As she turned again, she felt a sharp pain pierce the left side of her stomach, just below the rib. Rathien screamed in pain as she fell to her knees, clutching at her wound, and her cry echoed through out the valley. She desperately looked around to see the man who had cut her. Then she felt herself being dragged, further and further into the forest. The man was not gentle; he grabbed her by her hair for a better grip. With one hand on her wound, she used the other to turn herself to see him, and he was poorly dressed, as one who is a far traveler. He wore a black serape that covered his hair and mouth, so only his black eyes were seen. He had no weapons that Rathien could see, save the dagger that had pierced her skin, and he held it in his right hand, ready to use if need be. He continued to drag her, and she yelled again, this time hoping someone would hear her. She couldn't feel much of the pain in her stomach anymore, nor the rough ground, still scraping against her. It was if her whole body had gone numb. She screamed out again, and the man struck her hard with his hilt, and she thought she heard a whistle sound in the distance. He kicked her and stepped on her wound as she screamed in desperate pain, and she remembered no more. Rathien woke up alone, and she hadn't moved from the spot where she fell unconscious. She was lying face down in the leaves, and with all her strength she rolled over and looked up at the sky. Her wound was bleeding profusely, and though she didn't know it, the poison from the blade was already running through her elvish veins. She prayed to the Valar that they would just let her die, and as she took a deep breath, thinking it was her last, she heard the whistles again. Many people were approaching. She closed her eyes, thinking it was an enemy, and tried to get up and run away to a place where she could die in peace. She quickly looked behind her, and saw a flash of white, and smaller brown blurs. They were coming towards her, she could hear them. She tried to run faster, but the white thing beat her. He grabbed her, and she fell into his arms, both sinking together on the forest floor. Rathien looked up into his face. "Mithrandir!" She gasped, tears flowing down her cheeks. "Do not leave me here! Please! He will come back." Rathien grasped his hand. "I am not going to leave you, Rathien," said Gandalf quickly. "What happened here?" Without an answer, he took a long piece of cloth and gently lifted her shirt to examine the wound. Upon every breath that Rathien took, more blood leaked out. Gandalf's face looked grave as he looked at it, and soon Aragorn approached. He knelt down and held Rathien's hand tightly. Gandalf gave him a troubled look as he pulled out a small leather sack from his bag. He carefully sprinkled some white powder from the sack into her wound, and tightly bound it with the strip of cloth, heedless to Rathien's screams. She turned and looked up into Aragorn's eyes, and he laid his hand gently on her head. Gandalf gave a long whistle, and out of the forest came Shadowfax. He picked Rathien up from the ground and wrapped her in his cloak. Handing her to Aragorn, he jumped lightly up upon Shadowfax. Aragorn handed the limp body back to Gandalf. "Where are you taking her?" he asked. Wherever there is help," Gandalf answered. "To Minas Tirith, perhaps, depends on her condition. There was poison on that blade, and I do not have the medicine nor patience to cure her now, or else I would." Aragorn frowned. "Minas Tirith is far from here, three days, perhaps. If there was poison on the blade, she will die before you reach the city. Gandalf looked intently on Rathien, but did not speak. She was breathing deeply; the cloak about her going up and down with her stomach. She looked up at they sky, and then closed her eyes. "There is always hope," said Gandalf, looking back at Aragorn. "Tell Théoden of my errand. I shall not be long. Ride with him back to Helm's Deep, as planned." Aragorn nodded, looked back at Rathien with a great doubt in his eyes, and turned. With a soft word in a different tongue, Gandalf spoke to Shadowfax. The great horse sprang off at once, nothing but a white blur against the dark black sky. Shadowfax was running at a great speed, greater than any horse has ever before, or so Rathien thought. The sun was rising slowly in the East behind Caradhras. The wind was rushing past them, but it was a warm wind that cooled Rathien's face. Shadowfax's footfalls were light, and she had fallen asleep despite the pain in her left side. She felt that her bandage had been changed, it was drier than the last one. There was a stripe of her blood on Gandalf's cloak that covered her, and her once blue-grey tunic was probably no longer that color. Her face was flushed and pale, and even her long auburn hair seemed dry and dead. Gandalf held onto her cold body gently but firmly, being careful not to bend her at the waist, fearing the wound may start bleeding again. He rode elf-fashion, with no saddle or bridal, which is what Rathien was used to, so she was comfortable, save the pain in her stomach that worsened when Shadowfax did not run as smoothly to cross a river. Rathien did not open her eyes, incase Gandalf's were looking upon hers. She did not cherish being with other people, humans mostly, even Mithrandir, unless for some reason she felt lonely or something was on her mind. She felt safe, somehow, in Isengard with the two merry hobbits. They cheered her spirits some, and she did not mind being with them. Finally, with great hesitation, she opened one eye half way to see what Mithrandir was doing. He was looking straight ahead, with great anticipation on his face. "You finally open your eyes, Rathien," he said, still looking ahead. Bewildered, and unaware of how the old man knew, she opened them fully, only to shield them with her eyes from the Sun. "Three more leagues, as the bird flies, perhaps, and we will be there," he said, trying to sound cheerful. "Be where?" Rathien asked, and was amazed how her voice had lost most of it's' tone. "To Minas Tirith," he answered. "Hopefully, to the Houses of Healing, for the people there are known for their healing skills." Mithrandir started to talk about the different healing methods between Men and Elves, and Rathien soon became tired and stopped listening. She thought about asking him if she could move behind him to sit instead of resting in his arms, but she already knew what his answer would be. She knew Mithrandir well enough, from the past. A sweet smell was in the air. Rathien could tell, it was peaches, or maybe apples? Something strong and tangy. She recognized the smell. A bird chattered endlessly somewhere off in the distance. She opened her eyes, looking around to see where the annoying bird was. "Do not look so surprised," said a voice beside her. "You have been here before." The voice was reassuring, and Rathien recognized it, though she felt she had not heard it in a long time. Trying not to look concerned, she lay her head back down against her soft pillow, pretending to not care to see who the stranger was. Finally she said, "In Minas Tirith, yes. But not here." "And hopefully you shall never have to come here again!" laughed the voice. He continued laughing, and as Rathien heard it, tears started to come to her eyes. She finally turned to see an elf, maybe her age, sitting by the window, looking out over the large city. Rathien's heart leapt, and she swallowed hard. " Elenion ?" The boy turned to face her. "Yes, it is me, Rathien. But do not run to me! I will come to you." He walked over to her bedside,