ChapterOne The girl looked up from the river bank as she heard a splash. It had come from somewhere upstream. Rinsing the rest of the herb-soap from her honey-blond hair, she quickly grabbed her clothes and ran to see what it was. She grew quiet, taking slow, steady steps as she approached the sound. She walked around the base of the cliff; the water was shallow there. Suddenly, she saw a brown thing come towards her, flowing along with the strong current. Thinking it was only a log, she turned to go back to finish her bath. She held onto the cliff-rocks, as not to lose her balance. From the corner of her eye, she saw the log come closer, and she followed it with her eyes, until it had passed her. She had stopped walking now, and continued staring at the brown log, which, in fact, was not a log at all. Alarmed, the girl looked up at the towering cliff. 'A warg!' She thought, and looked back down at the dead beast now drifting far downstream. An ugly black warg-saddle was still cinched tightly to its' bleeding body, but no rider was to be found. She thought it odd, that the animal had simply run off the cliff above her! The girl kept looking around, especially up to the cliff as she walked back to her campsite, more quickly than before. Still naked, she waded across the river with her bundle of clothes in one arm. She spread her now-soaked clothes on the muddy bank to let them dry, and she quickly packed her belongings. She didn't have much, just some food and cooking supplies, and she was soon ready. She dressed and started off downstream, walking stick in hand, knapsack over her shoulder, yet she was still cautious. If the Rohirrim were nearby, she knew she would be caught. Chapter Two She continued down the river, following it closely, but still keeping out of sight. The warg carcass was gone, and she was alone. The sun was shining brightly above the looming wall, which gradually sloped nearer to the ground as she walked. After a couple of hours, the river left the face of the cliff and curved southwards, so she was now walking on an open plain. The girl now walked along the southern bank; the sand felt good on her aching feet. She was in good spirits for the most part, but that rotting animal always came back to her thoughts. She wondered how he had gotten in the river, or we he had fallen. She knew very well where it had come from, and it's origin, but she still pitied the poor creature. The girl continued on for hours, never stopping to rest. She passed the warg carcass, lying on the bank; the flies buzzing around it, the maggots already starting to feed on its' flesh. She casually walked around it, after she had finished collecting his teeth and claws, so she could make a necklace later that night. She knew all too well that she would have to cross the river soon. She kept putting it off. She hated to swim. Soon enough, she came to her crossing point. The river was more shallow, the current less strong. She walked into the water up to her knees and stopped. It was icy cold. She took a deep breath as she prepared her self to swim. He pack was tied to her back so she cold use her arms freely. Her walking stick she had abandoned. Her feet sank into the mud as she continued. The water was now up to her chest, and with a great effort, she plunged forward into the river, and was immediately carried off by the current. She tried to swim to the other side, but the water was pulling her under, and the current was stronger than she thought. When she thought she was going to die anyway, she rolled onto her back and floated on downstream, inhaling as much air as her lungs would allow her. She coughed out as much water as she could, as the dark, cold water took her down. She didn't know how long she had floated for, but as she opened her eyes she saw the northern edge of the river, getting closer to her. Suddenly, she felt wet sand scrape against her head as she stopped. Her body turned, wanting to follow the current, but her head was successfully embedded. She scrambled up onto shore with what strength she had left, and noticed a man that lay in a more critical position than she. He was asleep and wet, and he had many injuries. She pulled her self up into a sitting position to look at the man more closely. His back was facing her, and he wore all black, or so it seemed, since he was soaked. His hands we blue, and as she pulled him over, she saw that his lips we purple. His brown locks were caked with mud and sand. She checked his pulse. He was still alive! The girl lay back down, coughing up more water from her near-frozen lungs. She rolled over on the sand next to the man and fell unconscious. Chapter Three When the girl awoke again, she was in the same spot, and quickly turned over to face the man. He was still there, in the same position she had left him in. She realized that she had slept through the night, and it was now the next morning. Her clothes were still damp, but his were dry, and the blue color of his lips and fingers wasn't there anymore. She wearily got up and went through her knapsack. She pulled out some meat and started to thoughtfully chew it as she stared at the man. It had lost some of it's flavor, for it had been soaking wet, as was everything else she owned. The man just lay there, and the girl just sat there, as if he were to wake up any moment. Her instincts told her not to be frightened of him, though she still wondered if he was on her side, and not one of her enemies. He carried a sword. It was long and still tucked neatly in its' sheath. He also carried an empty quiver at his back, but no bow. A dagger also was being forced into the sand by his weight. The girl continued looking him over, inch by inch, but never touching him. He breathed uneasily, and she did not know what he would do if he awoke. Suddenly, he rolled on his back and started to mumble unintelligible words. Cautiously, the girl leaned in a little closer as to try to understand what he was saying. His body tensed as if something had struck him hard, and then he sighed and relaxed, shifting his body a little in the sand. She sat back and drew her knees up to her chest, never taking her eyes off the man. She finished her meat and looked around her, as if someone was watching. Just plains, endless plains she saw, and she knew she would have to cross them soon, whether the man awoke or not. As dark was approaching, she got up to gather wood for a fire. Once she had a descent one blazing, she peeled off her clothes and layed them down to dry. After she had eaten again, she lay down on the opposite side of the fire from the man, and propped her head up on her elbow so she was facing him. She didn't know why she kept looking at him. She just stared, and never thought about dressing his wounds or trying to force-feed him or warm him. ' Just best to let him die, I suppose,' she thought. Chapter Four She awoke from the sound of footsteps near her. No, they weren't foot steps. It was a horse. She quickly got up, and true enough, a dark brown gelding slowly made its' way towards her and the sleeping man beside her. The fire had gone out, and the grass was still white with the early morning frost. It was cold, and she wrapped her blanket closely about her as she watched the sullen horse slowly walk towards them. He wore a halter of leather, and a rope was still attached, as if he had broken free from somewhere or got loose. The girl suddenly grew worried at the thought of a camp being nearby. She thought it odd that a stray horse would come towards them. He was dirty and wet, but he seemed tame, from far away. A thousand thought raced through her head, and the horse still came. She looked down at the man, at the river, the plains, the horse. Suddenly, frustrated from not getting any answers, she bent down and started shaking the unconscious man. She straddled him and took him by his shirt and pulled him up and thrust him back down, several times. After no response, she shouted, " WAKE UP!" She thrust him back down into the sand again. The horse had stopped, and stared at her, as if dumbfounded. The stupid man still lay there, taking deep breaths. His fists clenched and unclenched, and his already shut eyes winced as if he were in pain. More blood oozed from the wound on his shoulder, mixed with a white liquid. He still did not wake. The girl kicked him in his side, none too gentle, and then began packing her things. She had been here to long. It was time to leave. Chapter Five --Flashback— The old crippled man slowly made his way to a table, after paying the innkeeper for a room for the night. He tore his old hood from his head as he sat down at an empty table in the back corner. There were not many people in the Common Room that night, but those who were there were sitting quietly, drinking ale or playing cards. They spoke in hushed voices, but did not seem to notice the man come in. All save one. He was fiddling with an unlit candlestick on the table when she approached him. He scraped the wax off with his unclean fingernails, and lightly tapped it on the wooden surface. His gaze was intent upon the candle, and he did not see her come. 'Baléd,' she said quietly, standing close. He didn't seem to hear, so she spoke his name louder. 'Baléd!' The old man looked up, setting scraped candlestick pack in its' place. 'Oh, I'm sorry. I am looking for someone. She is called Krita. Have you seen her?' 'Shut up you old fool,' she said. 'I am Krita!' She sat down across from him. 'I suppose you have forgotten your messages, too?' She said it with sarcasm. 'Oh, now, girl, you know I am an old man!' he said to her. 'Don't criticize me! I am not in the mood. Don't go a-talkin' bad about me, I have been through too much to get here.' 'Alright Baléd, I won't,' she said to him, more politely. She neatly folded her hands in her lap. 'What happened to your leg?' Baléd grunted as she shifted uncomfortably in his chair. 'It doesn't matter, but its' hurt bad. I don't think I can make the next errand. I can't ride nor walk, it hurts so! Krita rolled her eyes, but she pitied the man. She was already packed and ready, anyway. She knew he would make up an excuse so he would have to travel again, even if it meant hurting himself. ' Old fool, ' she thought. 'Alright then, Baléd,' she said. 'I will go back, in your stead. But first, tell me news of the South, please?' After Baléd and Krita had finished discussing plans and news, they both retired to their beds. Krita sighed, as she pulled the rough covers