Learning to live again OUTTAKE - pleasure and blood Dear Readers, This is an outtake of my story Learning to Live Again. If you have not read it please do so and let me know what you think. This should between chapter 34 and 35. I have had several people tell me that they wanted this outtake and it has taken me forever to write it but here it is. I really hope you like this and I may do more in the future but we'll see. Sassy As with everything Twilight it all belongs to S.M. I just killed a character and added my own! ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~{~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Violet POV: "Are you sure you'll be alright?" My mom said as she hugged me. ""Mom I am fine. I have been alone before and I am not really going to be alone. I have Seth. Anyone who would think of breaking into the house with him here is crazy. Go score some touch downs and have fun." Mom laughed at me and hugged me gently, "Sweetheart it's hit some balls and run some bases." "What ever go have fun. I am going to tuck the dog and Alexandra into bed and read a book. I just found one about of all things vampires. It should be a good laugh. If I need anything I have everyone's phones numbers in my cell," I reassured her. "I know dear but I worry about you that's all," she smiled at me. Dad walked up behind her and gently pulled her against his chest, "Esme, she was taking care of herself long before she came to live with us. She'll be find for one night." I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek, "Thanks Daddy, go have fun." Dad led Mom out of the house and I shut and locked the door behind them. Then I went in search of screaming girl and her steady steed Seth. Earlier today she watched some show about cowboys and Indians with her Uncle Jasper and then this afternoon she had been riding around on the back of Seth pretending to shoot arrows at imaginary white me who were trying to invaded the house. I do not have the heart to tell her that everyone in our home except Seth and Jacob were white people. I did however inform Jasper that I was very unhappy with his choice of viewing pleasures with my baby. I found Alexandra sitting in the middle of her bed struggling to put her nighty on. I moved over to the bed and helped her pull it on correctly, "Sweetheart where is Seth?" "He changing," she said simply. "Hi Violet," a very human Seth said as he walked into the room. "No fur tonight?" I asked as I eyed his pajama pants and wife beater shirt. "Na, Lexi's getting a bedtime story tonight. Besides she already knows I'm the puppy. It's ok if I stay in here right?" "Well considering you are here every other night what difference does it make? You do know that it is just the three of us tonight," I said as I walked into Alexandra's bathroom. The cute room had everything lowered for her and I had to bend down rather low to get her tooth brush ready, "ALEXANDRA! Please come in here and brush your teeEEEEEEETH!" Someone grabbed my ass! I spun around ready to slap whom ever it was and came face to face with my big goof of a boyfriend, "EMMETT! You scared the shit out of me!" He grinned even more and sniffed the air, "nope no shit just that wonderful lavender smell you always have." Then he pulled me into his arms and kissed the tip of my nose. "What are you doing here? I thought you were going to play baseball with the others," I smiled up at him. I can never stay mad at him when he gets all cuddly. "I wanted alone time with you tonight so we can play a little." I felt my face heat up and I nodded into his chest, "That sounds better than my silly book." "Great!" He picked me up bridal style and headed out of the bathroom. "Seth, Lexi's yours tonight. No stories about Quileutes and cold ones!" "Lexi and I will be fine. I'll turn on some music to block out any noise," he said as he picked my baby up and rested her on his hip. I held out the toothbrush to him, "Make sure she brushes." "You got it!" "Night night Mommy!" Alexandra said as she leaned over and hugged me as Seth took the toothbrush from me. "I be good. You go play with Emmy." I groaned as I buried my face into Emmett's chest. I know she has no idea what that means but for crying out loud she is my baby! That is almost as bad as my dad telling me to do it! Emmett chuckled and carried me into my bedroom, "You can stop hiding in my chest now." He set me on the edge of the bed and grinned down at me, "We have permission to play ," he made quotations with his fingers at play, "from the princess herself." I could not hold back my giggle, "Emmett she thinks playing ," I made the quotations with my fingers at playing, "means we are going to play," again with the quotations, "games on the Wii or something like Candy Land. Not the kind of playing you have in mind." "Yeah but my play is funner," he whispered as he leaned down and kissed me. God I love this man. Every time he touches me I feel alive and when he kisses me... that is so much better than... than French silk pie. I wrapped my arms around his neck and he gently moved me up against the pillows. "Your shoes have got to go miss Cullen." "Why mister McCarthy I do declare! Such Scandal!" I giggled back at him in a terrible southern accent. "Oui, oui Ma chere! I must scandalize vous!" he replied in an equally bad french accent. He was so silly I kicked my my ballet flat off at him. He snatched it out of the air and tossed it over his shoulder as he pulled off the other one. "Oh my good sir! Me must inform Scotland Yard!" I giggled in a terrible English accent. "I have been scandalized!" Emmett laughed with me as he stretched out next to me. He kicked off his sneakers and pulled me into his arms, "Play time now?" I giggled again and nodded as I chewed on my lip. "You do realize I'm jealous of that lip right?" he said as he ran his thumb over my lip. "Why?" "Because there is so much more you could be doing with that mouth of yours," he said as he wagged his eyebrows at me. "Oh...?" I was confused. "Don't worry about it. I'll teach you what ever you want to know. Even some things you haven't thought about yet." I smiled at him again, "I trust you but what if I freak out again?" He kissed my eyelids and then smiled at me again, "Violet if that happens we'll stop. I'm willing to wait for you to get over that fear. I'm never going to push you further than you want to go." I leaned forward and kissed him softly, "Thank you." He kissed me back harder and any thoughts I had flew out the window. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~{~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ EMMETT'S POV: She was thanking me for being patient with her? I should be the one thanking her for letting me touch her! My peace and happiness laid in her perfect little hands and she had no clue. I rolled her onto her back and settled between her legs. I know from other make out sessions that this was a safe thing and my weight wouldn't be to much for her to handle. I could feel her heat threw our cloths and I wanted to get closer. She is so soft and her fingers running thru my hair is like heaven. I pushed up onto my knees and pulled my shirt over my head and I heard her make that little sound I have come to love almost as much as I love her. It's a cross between wonder and embarrassment. Defiantly strokes the ego but sounds so cute coming from her. I grinned at her as she pulled off her top, "You alright?" "Perfect. Help me with my bra?" I couldn't help grinning at her cause she's got a great set of tits. I got big hands and they fill them easily. I know, I know, I sound like some damn teenager but hell they are some awesome tits and they are all mine! I shifted so that I was sitting next to her with my back against the headboard, "trust me?" "Always," she said as she shifted and faced me. I wrapped my arms around her and broke the clasp on her bra, "good Alice can buy you a new one of these." She gasped and giggled as she pulled her arms out of the ruined garment, "you are so naughty!" "I know don't you just love it?" She giggled again and kissed me threw her giggles. Man I love when she takes the initiative and starts things. It lets me know that she really does want what we are doing. I worry that I'm pushing her too far sometimes but when she starts things... yeah it's great. I deepened our kiss and was rewarded by her trying to get even closer to me. I pulled her into my lap so she was straddling me and settled her against my cock. Her eyes popped open and she blushed as she pulled away a little. "Um..." "Shh..." I put my finger on her lips. "You said you trusted me. I want to try something. It might help." She nodded and kissed my finger. I quickly moved her skirt from between us. I left it on but spread it out around our legs so there was only the thin fabric of her panties and my jeans and boxers between us, "Hmm this isn't quite good enough. Get up on your knees for a second." She looked at me confused but did as I asked. Those tits gently swung in my face and I forgot what I was going to do, "Emmett?" "Right sorry, I got distracted." I quickly reached down broke the zipper on my jeans and then shoved them down as fast as I could. I left my boxers on cause I didn't think she was ready for that yet but this was good enough for now. Then I grabbed her hips and settled her on top of my cock again. He heat was so much better without those thick jeans in the way, only the thin fabric of my boxers and her panties separated us now. She blushed again and then smiled as she whispered, "This is nice." SCORE! Emmett ONE freak out ZERO! I did a mental happy dance as I grinned at her, "I plan to make it even better but if you have a problem tell me ok?" She nodded and kissed me again. I took control of our kiss again and gently ground into her core. She gasped and moaned and I just about came undone. I had to get control of myself or I was going to be done long before she was and I really wanted to make sure she could see that this could be great. I broke the kiss and started a trail of little kisses across her cheek and to her ear as I slowly ground against her. She rewarded me by grinding against me. I moaned into her ear as I kissed the shell and swirled my tough over it, "that's right. Do what makes you feel good." She