Hello, evreryone! This is unbeta'd, so sorry if there are some mistakes, but I wanted to get this up for you guys. Merry Christmas, to all who celebrate it! One Of His Dress Shirts . All things considered, working at the Hawthorne Estate is not the worst job she could have. Sure, she's scrubbing the floors and doing laundry, but gets paid $25 per hour, paid holidays, and weekends off. Since her work is off the books, every cent is deposited into her bank account at the end of the week. There are worse things Madge Undersee could be doing. But there are so many better things, too. After graduating fourth in her class (much to her relief; she hated giving speeches) from Columbia University, she had plans to intern at the New York Times and had high hopes of climbing up the ladder to attain the coveted position of Editor-In-Chief. However, the suicide of her mother sent her back home to Panem, Virginia to both console her aging father and mourn the loss of a woman who had been too depressed to function in the last five years. To top it all off, two weeks after her mother's funeral, her father was shot during one of his mayoral speeches by a psychotic citizen simply because the man did not like the color tie Mayor Undersee was wearing. In the span of one month, Madge Undersee had plummeted from the top of the world to rock bottom. That is, until she ran into Hazelle Hawthorne at the gas station. The woman, who used to own the laundry mat that Madge's mother used to take her to every Sunday, was pumping gas into a shiny new Mercedes. At first, Madge didn't recognize the woman. The last time she had seen her, she had been corralling her three of her four children back up the stairs into her small, dingy apartment and away from the customers in the Laundromat. Now she looked as if she slept on a bed of cash and ate off of solid gold plates. "Oh, Madge," the woman had said once she spotted her, "I am so sorry about your parents. It's such a shame, dear." Madge had blinked back the tears that threatened to escape and nodded. Mrs. Hawthorne enveloped her in a hug. "Are you back here for good now, dear? I heard that you were doing so well in New York." "My internship fell through when I didn't return immediately," Madge mumbled, "and my dad was too behind on bills for me to just leave. I'm planning to get a job around here stay at home until I can sell the house." "Let me know if there is anything I can do to help," Hazelle said, grasping her hands. "Your parents always came to the 'mat, even when they could have bought a washing machine themselves. They always gave us their business, and I truly appreciated it." "Sure, Hazelle. Thank you." "Why don't we exchange numbers, dear? I'll give you a call if I hear of any positions open for you." Madge and Hazelle swapped phones and typed in their numbers. "Take care now, Madge." "You too," Madge said, letting Mrs. Hawthorne hug her again. "Thank you." Later that night, after her head was throbbing and the bottle of wine she had purchased earlier was halfway gone, Madge shoved the pile of bills away from her and collapsed in front of the television. She turned on the news, cocooned herself in one of her mother's old blankets, and closed her eyes. She was just beginning to doze off when she heard his name. "Now let's talk about our local rags to riches story. How did Gale Hawthorne go from helping his struggling single mother raise his family to owning one of the most successful companies in the western hemisphere?" Madge sat straight up and grabbed the remote. She turned the volume all the way up as the news anchor started profiling Gale Hawthorne's rise to fame. "Gale Hawthorne, born and raised here in Panem, Virginia, was fourteen years old when his father, beloved firefighter Jonathan Hawthorne, passed away on the job. For years after, his family struggled to make ends meet. When Gale was eighteen, he enlisted in the Army and was stationed in Fort Myer. There, it seemed, is where the magic happened." The screen now cut to Gale himself. Madge inhaled sharply. He looked no different than he had when they were in high school, only now his thick, dark hair was trimmed sharply, and instead of ratty hoodies and old flannels he was wearing one of the most expensive looking suits Madge had ever seen. "All I did was mention some of my ideas to my Commanding Officer Boggs," Gale explained modestly to someone off-camera. His eyes were brighter, somehow. The once dull gray now a sparkling sterling, perhaps enlightened by success. "He introduced me to Beetee Latier, and the rest is history." His scowl still remained. And it made something spark in Madge's stomach, just as it did in high school. "Gale Hawthorne is now CEO of Twelfth District Weaponry, the leading military weapons design company in America, and soon to be the world. The name of his company is a reference to right here in Panem, the twelfth Congressional District in Virginia." "That's just so sweet of him to think of us back home, right, John?" the anchor said with a fake smile. "Sure is, Pam. And now to Kevin for the weather." Madge turned the television off and sank back down onto the couch. No wonder Hazelle was driving a Mercedes. Gale had always been preaching to Katniss Everdeen, their mutual best friend and the only reason they ever interacted, that he was going to get out of this town and make something for himself, and it looks as if he had. "I'm going to make enough money so my mom never has to set foot in that shithole laundry mat again" he had vowed."My brothers will go to any school they want and my sister can have all the little dresses her heart desires. We'll never have to worry about having enough to eat, either." Madge had tried a grand total of one time to bridge the gap between herself and Gale Hawthorne. They ate lunch together, both on either side of Katniss, and he never hesitated to make her feel like a pile of dog crap simply because her father had money. It stung every time, but she still wanted to do something to show that she wasn't spoiled and that she wanted to be his friend. So, after a full week of him not bringing any lunch, she packed herself an extra turkey sandwich and an apple to give to him. "Here," she had said, sliding it over to him before Katniss arrived. He eyed it like there were maggots crawling out of the bread and then eyed her the same way. "I don't need your fucking handouts, Undersee," he snapped, shoving the sandwich away. "I can take care of myself." He had given her one last glare before stomping out of the cafeteria. When Katniss came, she didn't ask Madge why there were tears in her eyes or where Gale had gone. Instead, she broke the extra sandwich in half and started nibbling on it while finishing a worksheet for math. "He doesn't hate you," Katniss had said after a few minutes. "He just doesn't know it yet." Madge sighed, feeling the familiar pain of rejection in her chest as she remembered that day, over five years ago. She also felt a bit pathetic; Gale was living the life of luxury and she was now bogged down by the bills of two dead parents and had no job to help keep her afloat. Until she got a call from Hazelle the next morning, explaining that Gale wanted a housekeeper for his recently constructed estate across town. Laundry. Dusting. Bathrooms are cleaned once a week, and the floors are scrubbed on a bi-weekly basis. The carpets have to be vacuumed every day, and Madge always made sure that the dishes were done, even though Hazelle said she didn't need to do those. She wanted the kids to do some chores, she claimed. Madge normally would respect Hazelle's wishes, but she quickly learned that the kids absolutely hated the dishes, so she took to taking care of them whenever she saw them in the sink. She had been working for the Hawthornes for three months, and it had been a somewhat pleasant experience so far. Gale was rarely home, of course. He spent most of his time in meetings and brainstorming sessions in one of the big corporate buildings across town. He didn't interview her for the job; Hazelle sat her down awkwardly at Sae's diner in town and discussed her job detail over tea. "It's mostly just me and the kids home," she had explained. "Rory is attending community college, so he'll be home in between classes sometimes. Vick and Rory are still in school, so you won't be seeing much of them given that your hours will be from eight to three." Madge didn't mind that Gale was never there. The handful of times he had been home had been awkward, to say the least. He had barely spoken to her, barely even looked at her, and things were never anything but tense between them. But then he came home one day. It was a holiday, so all three kids were home with Hazelle, and Madge was trying to stay out of their hair as she completed her work. However, the youngest one, Posy, was intent on involving everyone in her game of Just Dance in the living room. "Madge, play with me!" the eleven-year-old called to her as she carried the basket of laundry through the living room. Madge had tried to decline, but Posy grabbed her arm and steered her in front of the television. Madge dropped the basket and reluctantly took the controller. "What song?" Posy asked. "You pick," Madge had said, already blushing furiously. "Do the one about the men!" Hazelle called as she walked in from the kitchen. "I love your dance for that one. It's so cute!" " Mom ," Posy groaned, rolling her eyes. Vick and Rory came barreling down the hall, each one trying to lock the other in some kind of headlock. "Do It's Raining Men !" they said in unison. Rory shoved Vick off of him and winked at Madge. "I twerk to that one." "Fine, fine!" Posy grabbed the Wii controller and scrolled until she found the song. Madge quickly scooped her long, blonde hair into a bun and rolled up her sleeves. "Posy," she said as the screen counted down from 5. "Prepare to get your butt kicked." Humidity's rising, barometer's gettin' low According to all sources the street's the place to go Madge and Posy started in sync, raising their hands and bouncing on the balls of their feet. Tonight for the first time just about half past ten For the first time in history it's gonna start raining men All inhibitions gone now, Madge was getting into it. She heard a door open, but thought nothing of it as she prepared for the chorus. It's raining men! Hallelujah, it's raining men! Amen! I'm gonna go out, I'm gonna let myself get absolutely soaking wet Madge dropped her hips and swung them from side to side and she slowly sunk to the floor. When they started the next verse, she let herself sing along. It's raining men! Hallelujah, it's raining men! Every specimen Tall, blonde, dark, and lean. Rough and tough and strong and mean "Gale!" Posy screeched suddenly. She dropped her controller and sprinted past a frozen Madge, who was mid-shake, and into her brother's arms. "You're home!" "Looks like it," Gale says, and Madge is shocked to see a small