Met my old lover in the grocery store The snow was falling Christmas Eve I stole behind her in the frozen foods And I touched her on the sleeve Same Auld Lang Syne by Dan Fogelberg The warm air was just starting to filter out of my crappy air vents as I shut my car off in front of the grocery store. One slip of my prosthetic leg on my slippery kitchen floor sent me to the ground of the apartment and my cake mix unfinished. I brought Mrs. Trinket banana bread and a lemon cake every Christmas morning since I moved into the apartment next to her six years ago, and I was not about to spoil the tradition today. Heaving myself into the frigid air, I stomped through the snow and into The Hob. Sae, the ancient woman behind the cash register, nodded at me as I walked in. "What are you doing here on Christmas Eve, boy?" "I could ask you the same thing," I said with a smirk. Her throaty chuckle followed me down the aisles. Blowing hot hair into my chapped hands, I jogged to the frozen foods and grabbed the first carton of eggs I saw and immediately headed back to Sae. But something didn't feel right in my hand, and when I checked I saw that they weren't the brown eggs that I usually used, a trait I picked up from watching my father in our family's bakery as a kid, so I had to double back and grab a different carton. "Damn it, where's the pepperoni?" I heard someone mutter behind me. Turning around, I saw a slender woman bundled up in about a dozen layers, with a bit of dark brown hair braided over her shoulder peeking out from beneath a thick wool scarf. I recognized her immediately, and with the jolt that shot through me it was all I could do to not drop the eggs at my feet for the second time that day. She was piling boxes of Hot Pockets and Stouffer's pizza in her arms, and was reaching in for another when I sidled up behind her and cleared my throat. She turned around quickly and squeaked when her sharp grey eyes met mine, and the Leaning Tower of Pizza tumbled to the ground. I sunk to my knees immediately and began grabbing the boxes. She followed suit, and a flow of awkward apologies poured from her mouth. "It's fine, really," I said with a chuckle as I picked up one of the Meat Lovers boxes. She sheepishly took it from my hands. "Thanks," she murmured. "So, Peeta Mellark. It's been quite a while." "Katniss Everdeen," I replied. "About eight years, right?" "So it would seem." She straightened up and adjusted the boxes in her arms. "What are you doing here on Christmas Eve?" "I'm making a cake." I held up the egg carton. "And you? Stocking up for the zombie apocalypse?" "You don't really believe in that do you?" she asked with a scowl. I shrugged. "I take it you don't watch The Walking Dead." "Sorry. TV isn't my thing." "Right," I said. "I remember." Her eyes flashed with something I didn't recognize and then she dropped her gaze. "Well. Um..." "Here. Let me take some of those." I grabbed a few pizzas from her arms and started towards checkout. "Are you coming? Or did I just interrupt your Christmas Eve shopping?" "Both," Katniss said softly. But she was smiling, so I didn't stop. We placed the items in front of Sae and she started scanning them with a smirk. "Well, hello there Mrs. Odair. I must have missed you come in." "Odair?" I balked. My eyes immediately dropped to her left hand. Underneath the black fabric of her glove I could just make out the lump of a rock on her fourth finger. My stomach plummeted. "You and that hot rod of yours in town for the holidays?" Sae persisted. I thought I was going to be sick. "We're visiting my sister," Katniss said, dropping her gaze. She doesn't answer my question. "We're going home tomorrow night." Tomorrow night. "Well, it was nice to see you back home for a spell, darling. That'll be thirteen fifty." Katniss paid and looked to me. I had forgotten about the carton of eggs clenched tightly in my right hand. I tossed Sae a five and bid her a merry Christmas, then I nodded quickly to Katniss and hightailed it to my car. I needed to get out of there before I passed out or threw up or did something I would regret. "Peeta!" she called after me. I moved quickly through the snow and fiddled with my keys, trying to unlock my car. And then I realized that the only other car in the parking lot was Sae's. "Peeta Mellark!" I spun around. "Did you walk here, Katniss?" "What?" She stopped dead in her tracks, the plastic bags hanging by her side. "Are you drunk?" "Why would you think I'm drunk?" "Oh, I don't know. One second you're all chummy with me and the next you're storming out of the store and now you're asking me if I walked here? What are you playing at, Mellark?" The bell rings, signaling the first day of senior year. I slouch in my seat, already feeling the groggy effects of my five a.m. alarm. Miss Trinket is presiding over us with her usual verve when a small figure slides into the seat in front of mine. "Made it by the skin of your teeth, Everdeen." I mumble. "At least I'm actually awake." She leans over and pecks my lips quickly. When she pulls away I lean forward and reclaim hers, cupping her face in my hand. It's way more PDA than she is used to, and she pulls away quickly. "Hey! What are you playing at, Mellark?" But she is smiling as she turns back around, and I sit up straighter in my seat. Only one hundred and eighty days to go. "Whatever. Forget you, Peeta." Katniss said, stomping away. I snap out of the flashback quickly and lurch forward. When my hand clamps around her wrist she shakes me off with more strength than I'd remembered. "Look, Katniss, I'm sorry. I just wasn't expecting to see you and you're married and-" "And what? It's been eight years, Peeta. What was I supposed to do, join a nunnery? I've moved on." She was right, of course. She had always been right about everything. "I know you have," I said, softer. "I'm making a real ass out of myself. Let's start over, okay? Will you allow that?" Katniss softened a bit, but her scowl remained. "Fine," she huffed. "I'll allow it. But on one condition." "What's that?" A slow smirk replaced the scowl. "You find me something to drink in this God forsaken town." "I always knew you'd get out of here," I mused, passing the bottle of wine to Katniss. We picked it up at a liquor store a block away and were sitting in the parking lot, illuminated by the store's neon sign. She took a swig and wiped her mouth on her sleeve. "You always hated it." "Still do." She placed the bottle between us on top of the console. "Every bit of it. Ever since..." "Your dad," I finished for her. "I know. Where did you go?" "I went to Florida. Miami, actually." "Really?" I slammed my palm down on the dash to kick start the vents that were starting to putter out. Heat started to seep out again, and Katniss and I cupped our hands in front of the vents. "I bet you miss it." "Compared to this glorious weather? Of course not." Katniss lightly rubbed her gloved hands over the fabric of her seat as she laughed. "I can't believe you still have this car." "Oooh, Peeta," she moans as she rides me. I lean forward and kiss her left breast before lightly biting down on the nipple, eliciting a high-pitched gasp from her. My hands grip her thighs tighter and help her move up and down on my cock. "Are you close, baby?" I ask, my own release not far away. "Yes," she breathes, throwing her head back as I find her clit and begin to worry it between my fingers. "Yes, Peeta, I'm so close." I pepper her chest and neck with kisses as I feel her tense around me. "That's it, Katniss. Let go, baby." She comes with a groan and collapses against my chest. I don't slow down; in fact, I take a fistful of her ass in each hand and fuck her harder. She takes it all with soft whimpers into my neck, and when I come she swivels her hips in just the right way to make me see stars. We lay there for a few moments, protected by the fogged windows and the dark of night. She has to be home soon, so eventually we get dressed and I start the car. But as I drive home from her house I can still smell her lilac body lotion, so I don't roll down the windows again until it's gone. "Yeah, well," I said. "It has a lot of memories." Katniss' eyes flashed to mine and she bit her lip. I know she is remembering the days we spent driving around aimlessly, the nights we spent in the very seat she is sitting in, curled around each other. She took another swig of wine. "I've seen your paintings," she said suddenly. I look to her in surprise. "You have?" "Yup," she said. "I was in New York City last year and a friend of mine took me on a tour. We visited a few galleries and I saw a few of your pieces. There was one that I thought was just beautiful. What was it called...It was of a little girl holding flowers? She looked like she was sleeping?" "She was dead," I snapped. Katniss flinched, and I immediately felt guilty. "I'm sorry. It's just, that was my friend's little sister. Rue. They lived in a rough area and she was shot in a drive by one afternoon playing jump rope with her friends in the front yard. What I painted was how she looked at her wake." "Oh, Peeta," she breathed, covering my hand with hers. I couldn't ignore the familiar buzz that shot through me. "I'm so sorry." I squeezed her hand. "Thanks, Katniss. Sorry for bringing down the mood." She handed me the bottle and I took a drink. "Don't worry about it. Normally I'm the Debbie Downer of the bunch. It's nice to take a break once in a while." I chuckled and took another sip. We were almost halfway through the bottle and Katniss' cheeks were looking a bit flushed. "So, what about you. Did you meet your husband in Miami?" "Kind of," she said, looking at her hand that was still in mine. "I spent a few months in Miami doing odd jobs and enjoying my independence, and then I moved a bit farther north and enrolled in Tampa University. I made friends with my roommate Madge and she dragged me to one of the swim team's meet to ogle this guy named Finnick from her Biology class. Madge ended up falling for another swimmer, Gale, and Finnick and I had our first date a week later." "That's a nice story," I said, forcing a smile. I noticed how hers didn't meet her eyes. "What? Is he bad to you, Katniss?" " No ," she said quickly. "No. Finnick is...Finnick is a good man. He's a bit cocky and obnoxious sometimes, but he is very smart and very thoughtful. He has a good job and keeps a roof over our heads, and he always treats me right." "You don't sound so confident, Katniss." She frowned. "Finnick loves me, Peeta. We've been married for four