Part I. "This is pathetic," Katniss Everdeen grumbled to herself as she typed the URL into her computer. Her credit card was placed on her thigh as she scrolled through the images on the page. "What's pathetic?" asked her roommate, Johanna Mason, as she strutted through the living room. She wore a skintight red dress and black pumps that matched her slicked back hair. "That I'm twenty-one and sitting home on a Saturday night ordering Papa John's pizza," Katniss admitted sheepishly. Johanna barked out a laugh. "Yeah, brainless, that is pretty pathetic. But I'm not even going to bother asking you to accompany me tonight." Katniss rolled her eyes. "Like I'd want to join you on your bar crawl anyways. I'd rather stay here and mope." "Good thing you will be!" Johanna sung as she walked to the door. Katniss flipped her the bird, and with a cackle, she was gone. Katniss turned back to the website. She added an order of garlic breadsticks and customized a large, thick crust bacon pizza before checking out. As she filled out her address and billing information, a small box caught her eye. Special Delivery Instructions Katniss smirked. If she was going to wallow in self pity alone, she might as well have some fun with it. Her fingers danced over the keyboard as she typed. Don't make fun of me for being home alone on a Saturday night. After a second of hesitation, she added one more line. Also, don't hesitate to tell me how gorgeous I am. Before she lost her nerve, Katniss pressed enter. A few seconds later her iPhone beeped with the confirmation email. "Awesome," she said as she relaxed back on the couch. "And now I will spend some quality time with a certain Mr. Tatum." She scrolled down the movie listings until she found Magic Mike, ordered it, and then propped her feet up to enjoy the show. Knock knock knock. Katniss sat upright with a shock. Crap , she thought. I must have fallen asleep. She looked at the clock. Only thirty minutes had passed. "Wow, I'm turning into Grandpa Haymitch," she groaned, referencing her drunken maternal grandfather. She hurled herself to her feet, grabbed a few singles from her wallet and walked to the door. A pair of sparkling blue eyes met hers. "Katniss?" the man asked. "Katniss Everdeen?" Katniss took a step back, squinting at the stranger. After a few moments of scrutiny, she gasped, recognizing the tousled blonde hair hidden under a black and red uniform cap, broad but muscled stature, and magnificently strong jawline. "Peeta!" she exclaimed. Peeta Mellark smiled wide and raised the boxes in his hands. "It's great to see you! I, uh, I have your pizza." Katniss smiled and accepted the boxes. "Thanks, Peeta. Um, how are you?" she asked as she struggled to manuver the boxes inside. Peeta moved forward. "Would you like some help?" he asked. Without waiting for an answer he took an edge of the lower box in his hand and helped her through the house. When they got the pizza to the table, Peeta looked at her nervously. "Um, sorry for kind of letting myself in," Peeta laughed. "I should probably just go-" "No, it's fine," Katniss found herself saying. "Um, here." She awkwardly handed him his tip and he pocketed it with an equally uncomfortable smile. Peeta started to walk back to the door, when Katniss grabbed his elbow. He stilled, and suddenly the air was thick around them. Slowly, Katniss walked around to face him. She put a hand on his cheek and he leaned into it, breathing a sigh of relief. Suddenly, she was sixteen again. It was the night of junior prom. It was also the five-year anniversary of her father's death. Although her mother had somewhat snapped out of her depressed stupor a few years ago, she managed to slip back into it in the days and weeks prior to and following the day her dad was killed in a hit-and-run accident on his way home from work. She hadn't been asked to the dance, but that was too be expected. She didn't have any friends, really. The principal's daughter, Madge Undersee, was nice to her and sometimes sat with her at lunch, but that was it. It didn't bother Katniss. Ever since her dad died she was used to being alone. Her sister, Primrose, was at home trying to get their mother to snap out of her funk. Katniss, feeling suffocated, left to take a walk. She had walked three blocks from her house and made a left turn onto Merchant Street when she caught a whiff of something delicious. She looked up and her lips twitched into a knowing smile when she saw the Mellark's house. It was no secret that Peeta, the youngest of the three Mellark boys, had quite the penchant for whipping up the most delicious treats. His brothers, Trelan and Jakob, had both graduated and were currently studying at Cornell with full scholarships for wrestling. Peeta was just as good as his brothers, coming in second place in the school competition (and only because his opponent was Jakob) last year. However, it was seemed that he would most likely go to culinary school rather than follow in his brothers' footsteps. Katniss stopped in front of his house and inhaled deeply. She couldn't find a taste to match the heavenly smell, but she knew that it must taste divine. A single light shown through a window and Katniss peered in. She was able to make out the form of Peeta, fiddling about in the kitchen. He looked up suddenly, catching her eye. Katniss blushed, knowing she was caught. She quickly turned and started hurriedly walking back down the road. She had only made it a few paces before she heard her name being called. "Katniss!" She stopped, debated turning around, and then continued. "Katniss! Hey, wait up!" A hand encircled her elbow and she immediately flinched back. Peeta Mellark took a step away, his hands raised in surrender. Or, hand, rather. The other hands was gripping a plate of what looked to be small rolls oozing cheese. "I saw you outside, and I thought you might like some." Peeta extended the plate to her with a quirky smile. Katniss's heart thudded in her chest. "They're cheese buns." Katniss looked at the plate, then looked at Peeta. Her stomach grumbled, and Peeta let out a chuckle. "Please, have one." He pushed the plate closer to her. Katniss slowly lifted one off the plate a gingerly took a bite. The taste was magnificent. She had to suppress a groan as she took another, larger bite. "Are they any good? I'm trying out a new recipe." Peeta shuffled his feet nervously. Katniss swallowed and offered him a timid smile. "They're delicious," she murmured. "They are?" Peeta grinned. "I'm glad to hear it. Here, take the rest." He offered her the plate, but she backed away, shaking her head. "No, thank you. You don't need to-" "Katniss." Peeta's tone was serious. Katniss looked at him, wide-eyed. "Please, Katniss. Take them." Sheepishly, Katniss accepted the plate of cheese buns. They stood there in an awkward silence before Peeta opened his mouth again. "So, you decided to ditch the junior prom, too?" Katniss scowled. "No one asked me." When Peeta's face fell, she immediately tried to amend her statement. "Not that I would have went anyway. That's not really my scene." Now Peeta was frowning. "Are you serious? No one asked you?" Katniss let out a forced, humorless laugh. "Why is that so hard to believe? It's not like I have any friends." "But you're so beau-" Peeta stopped, and cleared his throat. "I mean, I guess, uh-" "It's okay," Katniss said softly. "Don't worry about it. Thanks for the cheese buns." Katniss turned to walk away, when Peeta grabbed her arm again. She opened her mouth, ready to protest, when suddenly he was spinning her around and pressing his mouth against hers. Katniss squeaked in surprise and the plate of cheese buns clattered to the floor. She started to pull away, and then stopped. She had never kissed a boy before, but she couldn't believe that any of their lips could be as soft as Peeta's. She let herself relax and she felt his hands come up to cup the sides of her face. "Katniss," Peeta breathed when they pulled apart. He rested his forehead on hers. "What was that for?" Katniss eked out. Peeta released a shuddering sigh. "I'm sorry, Katniss- Actually, no. I'm not sorry." Peeta chuckled. "I'm not sorry at all. I am actually very happy that I kissed you." "Why?" Katniss squeaked. "Why did you kiss me?" Peeta looked her dead in the eye. "Because I was too much of a chicken to ask you to the dance and it's not fair that someone as...absolutely beautiful as you gets to miss out on a rite of passage, no matter how stupid it may be. I guess I figured that since it was too late to ask you I might as well give you something that you'll hopefully remember and I really want to do it again," Peeta let out in one long breath. "If you'll allow it." Katniss smiled. "I'll allow it." She didn't see Peeta again all weekend. She left after he kissed her again, slightly giddy but very confused. He had asked to meet her at a cafe in town the next day, but after waiting there for almost an hour alone she left, angry and embarrassed and feeling played. On Monday, Katniss walked into class and found a dandelion sitting on her desk, and below it, a folded up note. It was scrawled in messy, boyish handwriting. Peeta. He said that Friday was absolutely wonderful, but on Saturday his father fell ill and they were taking him out of state for treatment. He stopped at school to pick up work for the week and although he was sad that he had to leave before she arrived, he was glad that he could leave her this note. Katniss was mollified for a bit, until she was walking home from school the next week and over heard one of Peeta's friends, Delly Cartwright, sobbing to her friend Clove about how Peeta's mother decided that she didn't want to come back to their small town in Panem, Georgia. She decided to stay in Maryland, where her husband was being treated. Katniss felt her heart sink. Then she berated herself. She barely even knew Peeta. It didn't matter that he was leaving. Katniss saw what happened to her mother once her father died. It was a mistake to care about people. When they left, it only destroyed you. Katniss relished in the feeling of Peeta's skin under her hand. He had a faint trace of stubble and it tickled her palm. His eyes fluttered open and she retracted her hand with a jolt. "I'm sorry," she stuttered. "That was inappropriate." "Yes, it was," Peeta agreed. "But that didn't mean I didn't enjoy it." Katniss was stunned. She awkwardly tucked a piece of stray hair behind her ear. Her palm was still tingling from the touch of his skin. "Oh!" Peeta exclaimed. He dug into the pocket of his jeans before pulling out a crumpled piece of paper. He waggled his eyebrows at her as he unfolded it. "Delivery instructions," he told her. "Oh, God," Katniss groaned. She had forgotten about them. "Don't read those-" "Already did, on the way here," Peeta said with a smirk. "I found them quite interesting." He cleared his throat and made a dramatic show of reading from the paper. Katniss blushed furiously and covered her face with her hands. " Don't make fun of me for being home alone on a Saturday night. " Katniss released an embarrassed chuckle. "I was just trying to be funny. You can make fun of