All that is necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing. Edmund Burke (1729 - 1797) She never wore anything colorful. Notice I said wore , as in clothes. Katniss Everdeen's appendages were decorated like the Sistine Chapel. She doodles on them all day long, with anything she could grab. Pens, markers, even paints. Each day her hands and arms were decorated with new designs and phrases. Sometimes, when the weather was warm, she even designed the smooth, olive skin of her legs. I ached to touch those legs. I ached to run my fingers along their length and kiss the skin behind her knees. I couldn't think of anything than would please me more-other than kissing her in other places. But Katniss Everdeen is Unattainable. She is an Enigma. She is, most poignantly, Not Mine. "What about you, Mr. Mellark? Do you have the answer for number eleven?" Miss Trinket's shrill voice jolted me from my thoughts. I startled in my seat, provoking titters of laughter from my fellow students. I stared blankly at Miss Trinket's overly made-up face until she sighed dramatically. "Number eleven, Mr. Mellark. Perhaps if you were paying closer attention to what I was saying you wouldn't be failing this class." My face flushed and I looked down at my paper, hoping to redeem myself. How many carbons can be found in diflouroheptane? Fuck. I didn't even know where to begin with pronunciation, let alone finding the carbons. I hate Chemistry. Miss Trinket was still waiting for an answer, impatiently tapping the toe of one of her hot pink patent leather shoes. "Seven," someone whispered, so low that I could barely hear it. My head snapped up, but the body in front of me was so still that I thought I had imagined it. Her long dark locks were tightly wound into their typical braid, still falling over the hood of her black sweatshirt in the same direction it had been thirty seconds ago. "Seven?" I tried weakly. Miss Trinket nodded briskly, appeased with my answer, and crossed the room to write out the proper formula on the board. I heaved a sigh of relief and hastily copied down her example so I would have some form of reference for homework later. Soon the peal of the bell echoed through the halls, and as if marionettes all connected to one string, the class rose to their feet and hurriedly shoved their binders into their backpacks. I just slung one strap over my shoulder when I saw an all-black figure hurry out the door. "Don't to forget to review for your quiz next week!" Miss Trinket called to us as we fled. "Have a safe weekend!" I stepped out into the hallway, craning my head over the hordes of students. I caught a flash of black and the whip of a braid as she turned the corner, and then she was gone. My heart sank. "Hey, Peet!" A tanned arm encircled my shoulders and pulled me close. "You're coming to my place tonight, right?" Finnick Odair ran his free hand through hid bronze hair as he talked. His sea green eyes sparkled as bright as his pearly white teeth, and a gaggle of freshmen girls swooned against their lockers as we passed. "Do I ever miss one of your parties, Finn?" I told my best friend. He laughed and clapped my shoulder. "Alright, then. The parental unit will be out around seven, so head over around eight-thirty. I've got the key to my dad's liquor cabinet and-" A small girl with shy eyes and long black hair seemed to float down the staircase. Her tiny hands where clenched together in front of her as she timidly made her way around the obstreperous hordes. Finnick trailed off and his face broke into a tremendous smile. "Shoot me a text later," he told me distractedly. "I'll catch up with you tonight, Peeta." I laughed but didn't respond. Finnick was too far gone already. He pushed through the crowds until he reached his girlfriend, whose lips twisted up when she saw him. Finnick grabbed Annie Cresta around the waist and hoisted her up until she was level with his face. He peppered her face with kisses and she swatted his arms with a laugh. The womanizer and the mad little girl. I shook my head with a laugh and headed to my locker. The party was in full swing by the time I arrived at nine p.m. Finnick's house - a sprawling mansion with a Jacuzzi the size of a small pool and an actual pool the size of a lake, a full-court basketball court in the backyard, and a home theater in the basement- was packed with what seemed like the entire student body. I meandered around the living room before catching sight of my best friend. "PEETA!" Finnick boomed. He waved me over to his spot on the kitchen island countertop. He had a beer in one hand and the other was keeping Annie firmly planted on his lap. Her face was flushed and she kept tipping a wine glass up to her lips. "Hey, man," I said when I reached him. We slapped hands and I smiled at Annie. Her hand fluttered in a timid wave, and I saw her lips move. "What was that?" I asked loudly as I leaned closer. Finnick had his iPod hooked up to a dock in the living room and the combination of the music and a hundred conversations created a terrifyingly loud cacophony robbed me of my ability to hear. I was shocked that Annie, who normally scared at the sound of someone coughing, was able to stand the noise. But, I supposed that the mix of the wine and Finnick's soothing touch eased her woes. "I asked if you came here with anyone," Annie repeated, louder this time. I shook my head with a laugh. "Just me, myself, and I, Annie." "We've only got a year and a bit until graduation, Peet," Finnick said. "Then you're chances go poof! You better talk to her while you can." I whipped my head around and searched the room. "Is she here?" Annie looked confused. "Is who here? Finn, what are you talking about?" Finnick leaned into and whispered into his girlfriend's ear, and then her eyes widened. "You're into Katniss Everdeen?" she asked, as if it were something scandalous. I shrugged and ducked my head. "He's been pining after Stone-Faced Everdeen since seventh grade, babe," Finnick said. Annie stifled a laugh, and I glared at her. "No, I think it's cute!" Annie defended herself. "Really, it is. Why haven't you talked to her?" "You talk like it's easy to speak to her," Finnick interjected. "If you so much as glance at her she looks like she'll bite your head off." "No, she doesn't!" I exclaimed. Annie looked at me with a raised eyebrow. "Aren't you a bit biased, Peet?" I grumbled to myself, rubbing the back of my neck with my hand. I could feel my face flushing under the couple's scrutinizing stares. A redheaded boy stumbled past me, and I grabbed the can of beer from his hands and chugged it in one gulp. "Alright!" Finnick hollered. "It's time to get this party started!" Despite the warm day, the night was significantly cooler. I made a conscious decision to walk the few blocks to Finnick's house, knowing I'd get smashed and not wanting to risk banging up my parents' car and having my mother tear me apart. The cool night air helped to clear my foggy head as I walked, but I could still feel the buzz of alcohol in my brain. I was walking through town and was just passing the butcher shop, a few doors down from my family's bakery, when I heard a faint hiss. I stopped and rubbed my hand over my ear, thinking it was just a trick of the wind. But it came again. Hssss. Hss. Hss. Hsssss . There was a clink, like something was being rattled around, and then, Hss. Hssssss. I walked up the walk, onto the small concrete porch and up to the entrance and peered inside. Everything was pitch black- closed for the weekend. The butcher's son, Cato, was on the lacrosse team at school, and they had a weekend tournament upstate that his whole family was attending. The butcher shop wouldn't be open until Monday. I jumped off the concrete and-stumbling only a bit-meandered around the side off the building, and that's when I saw her. She was clad in all-black, as usual, and the tip of her braid was peeking out from her hood. She held a bottle of spray-paint in her hand and used cans littered the grass around her. He took a step towards her, and her head snapped in his direction. "Katniss?" I said, but it was already too late. Katniss Everdeen dropped the can and spun on her heel. She began to run away from him, and I struggled to catch up. My vision was swimming, and she had a head start, but my legs were still longer. She ran behind the buildings, weaving around Dumpsters and discarded furniture. Iran close enough behind her to grab her elbow, and she started thrashing. "Let me go or I'll scream," she hissed. "And then what?" I snapped back. I knew what- she'd be caught with paint stains on her arms and the cops would find the empty bottles and put two and two together. If she screamed she'd be condemning herself, and she knew it. Fear sparked in her eyes. "What are you gonna do then?" she spat. I recoiled, but didn't loosen my grip on her elbow. "I'm going to have to turn you in," I said slowly. Katniss rolled her eyes and began tugging again. Eight years of wrestling had its advantages, and I was able to hold her with one hand without breaking a sweat. "Come on, Peeta, let me go." I smiled internally. I didn't even knew that she knew his name, let alone had ever heard her say it. Even if it sounded like she was cursing me and my entire line of descendants, it still sounded glorious coming from her mouth. "I'm sorry, Katniss," I said, and I was. I didn't want to see her get in trouble. "But I have to. You were vandalizing a building. That's illegal. The butcher and his family are nice people, too. Why would you want to ruin their building?" Katniss glared at me. "Of course you would think that, little rich boy," she snarled. "You folk from Town live in your own little bubble. You think everyone's nice and fine because they smile at you and exchange Christmas cards. You don't know how people really are. You don't know what kind of trouble lies beyond your fucking picturesque shops and perfect houses." I stared at Katniss in disbelief. I had been in the same classes as her since seventh grade and had never heard her utter more than a few words. This was not how I expected our first conversation to go. For example, I had imagined us smiling. I had imagined being as suave as possible and her not falling for anything. I had imagined her finally cracking a smile after I made a complete fool of myself. I had not imagined it would involve me physically restraining her. "I don't have any idea what you're talking about, Katniss," I told her. She rolled her eyes at me. "So why don't you explain it to me? Calmly?" She scowled. "I'll let you go if your promise not to run away." After a pause, she conceded with a curt nod of her head. I tentatively loosened my grip on her arm. When she didn't move, I let go fully. She rubbed her hand over the spot where mine had been and winced. "I'm sorry," I said. "Was