1 Jocelyn's P.O.V. Hi, my name is Jocelyn. The thing you should know about me is that I am Percy Jackson's twin sister. I saved Olympus, and all of that. My father is Poseidon, and my mother is Sally Jackson. I am different than Percy, though. I am not dyslexic. I can still read Greek and things like that because I study. I am best friends with Annabeth. Next my appearance. I have long black hair that I wear in a braid and that has blonde highlights. I have my father's sea green eyes and awesome powers. A weird thing was that the other gods blessed me with awesome powers after I turned down immortality last summer. I control the four elements (fire, water {my best one because of my dad}, air, and earth). Apollo and Artemis gave me wings, which RULES! They are different shades of deep blue. Dark where they can fold in and disappear (they come and go when I want) and turquoise at the tips, with wave designs. I also have a black pegasus that has a bit of gold at the tips of her wings. Her name is Ellie. Alex's P.O.V. Hi, my name is Alex if you know me, or Alexandra if you do not (I suggest that you only call me Alex). I am a daughter of Athena. Jocelyn and Annabeth are my best friends. We both came to camp when we were 6. We have been here longer than anyone. We didn't find out that Percy was her brother until five years at camp, and by then we could both kick his butt. I helped save Olympus. I battled the titan Krios. It took forever, and I was bored in 5 minutes! Jocelyn's battle with Hyperion was awesome and horrifying, but we are saving that tale for another time. Seriously though, it was annoying. Anyhow, I'm quite a bit shorter than Jocelyn but I'm obviously smarter. Maybe. I have blonde hair and stormy gray eyes like my siblings but the tips of my hair are dyed purple. For defeating Krios I was also blessed by the gods. Poseidon isn't a fan of mine, but I can control the elements like Jocelyn. My strongest are Fire and Air, with a little bit of influence over Water and Earth. I can control and create fire and I have healing flames from Hestia. Apollo and Artemis granted me black wings with silver highlights almost like lining. I get along great with the pegasi, especially Corinthia. She is my Pegasus. She is black and we suspect that she is somehow related to Blackjack. Aphrodite thinks I'm pretty cool, so she blessed me but I'm not sure how that's going to turn out (no idea what she did but for a week boys couldn't stay away, very creepy). Even now almost every boy flirts with me constantly. Percy's P.O.V. Hi, I'm Percy. My twin is Jocelyn. She got to Camp way before me. This is the story about how our lives get messed up because of Greek stuff, again. Why do the Greek gods try to mess with everything?! I was finally getting used to have Annabeth as a girlfriend. Jocelyn's P.O.V. Me again. So where were we, oh yeah, I was about to tell you about how my dear (read: horrible/ annoying) immortal cousin ruined my life (again), but first here's Hunter. Hunter's P.O.V. Hi, I am Hunter. I helped Jocelyn, Alex, and everybody else save Olympus, also I happen to be dating Jocelyn, anyway, moving on. My dad is Apollo. I have his blonde hair and blue eyes. Celestia's P.O.V. Hi, my name is Celestia. I am a new camper (I originally came from Camp Jupiter, the Roman side, but they had an exchange program so I came here) and my father is Mercury, god of a lot of things (it would take forever to list them, it might be faster to list what he isn't the god of). I have gold-red hair the color of fire and blue eyes the color of a thunderstorm, and I got a special power from my dad. I also I am skilled with a bow and arrow and I can camouflage myself, another gift that runs in my family. I am pretty good with a bronze dagger from my grandfather. It turns into a anklet if I don't need it. It was two years ago when Lupa came to my doorstep to bring me to Camp Jupiter. At Camp Half-Blood I get along with everyone fine, but I like to like to stick to the shadows. When the time comes nobody will know I am there so I can be of use to other demigods. Tharin's P.O.V. Uh, sup. I am Tharin and I am dating Alex, who is AWESOME , scary in battle, sweet, and intimidating. Basically perfect. Honestly, if you have never seen her with her hair up and a bronze knife in hand, staring you down from the top of a tree you have never seen fear before. Once she tried it on me and I almost ran away but somehow laughed which confused her so much she fell out of the tree. Luckily, I caught her. That was right after we got together. Anyways, I helped save Olympus, so don't forget me, and I got blessed by a couple of gods (Dad, Ares, Poseidon,), have an amazing girlfriend, so ya, life is good. Until Apollo ruined our lives. I should let Jocelyn explain. Her temper tantrum was legendary and I don't want to talk/think about it. Oh, and I am the son of Hermes. Head counselor by the way. Wait, does that mean that I'm Celestia's sister? Or maybe half sister cause she's Roman. Confusing family! Just realized that, wow. Jocelyn's P.O.V. So I got nominated to tell about why Apollo is horrible (okay, I will be fair he is the father of my boyfriend, wait, does that mean if I marry Hunter than Apollo will be my cousin and father in law? CREEPY) and how I had the WORST SUMMER OF MY LIFE. However first I am going to get in a good mood by telling you the story of how Hunter and I started to date. It was a lovely summer morning on the 4th of July. I was on the beach in blue wave bikini and a dark blue button up top. I was at Camp Half-Blood. I was planning on going for a swim when a heard a noise behind me. It was the entire Ares cabin pushing Hunter towards the bathroom (I think for a swirly, he was a child of Apollo and Ares hates that cabin. Typical ritual for new campers, They try it on us all, except for Celestia who was so clever with camouflage they couldn't find her). I followed quietly and got there before them - barely. I couldn't let them do that to Hunter. As soon as he got to camp a few months ago we became friends. He was still the newest Apollo child at camp. I stood there and Clarisse rolled her eyes. "Back off Jocelyn," she told me. "This is how we treat the new Apollos, we wouldn't want our shining star to get the same treatment would we?" I rolled my eyes and told her to let him go. Hunter smiled gratefully but dropped his gaze when Clarisse tightened her grip on his neck. I looked her in the eyes and said, "Let go, now!". I was doing my whole I-am-going-to-kill-you-unless-you-do-what-I-say look. At least that is what Percy calls it. For some weird reason she didn't back down. She even had the nerve to march past me and kick open one of the stalls (this was after I had saved Olympus). The stall banged shut from a gust of wind I had summoned and Clarisse turned toward me. I smiled just as her and her cabin's pants caught fire. "I'll get you for this Jocelyn," Clarisse yelled she ran out to the beach to put her clothes out. I turned toward Hunter who's eyes were saucers. "Uh, thanks for that." "Clarisse is a jerk, and a liar. That is why her pants lit on fire. Get it? Liar, Liar, Pants On Fire." "Haha, you can say that again." He asked me out later that day and we went to see the fireworks together. Now to the annoying part. The summer after I had gotten together with Hunter, Apollo came to Chiron and told him that Apollo had foretold a prophecy and that Percy, Alex, Hunter, Tharin, Annabeth, and I had to go to Maine because something big was going down. Unfortunately that was also my birthday and Hunter was going to take me out to dinner. That plan was ruined. So there is one reason I hate Apollo. There are a LOT more. Happy 18th of August (my birthday) (*sarcasm*). We were setting out that night. We were going to take a plane to Portland airport in Maine, then we would drive down to Industry, Maine. It was going to be jeans and sweatshirt weather. We were near a beach and we had a house to ourselves. Apollo also made sure we had a car. That was the best the sun god could do for us. Alex's P.O.V. I'm going to tell you how it went with me and Tharin before Jocelyn remembers the trip. She can be VERY scary especially with the whole controlling the elements (don't worry, I can too). Tharin and I met a few months before Jocelyn and Hunter but at first it didn't really go anywhere. I developed a huge crush in a matter of days but I didn't think that Tharin felt the same way. Until Capture the Flag one day when the Hunters visited. It was good to see Thalia, but we weren't excited to challenge them. Annabeth and I were the main strategists along with the help of our siblings and some assistance from Jocelyn (don't tell her but she is pretty smart for being related to Percy) who was mostly busy training the new campers with Percy. We decided to send half of the Athena Cabin, three quarters from Ares, and Percy to take out their main fighters. The Apollo Cabin would guard the flag along with any helpers from the small cabins. A few campers from Hermes and the rest of Ares would take out the guards. Then Jocelyn (who was a pretty good archer and sword fighter), Annabeth, Tharin, and four of his siblings would cover my retreat. The rest of my cabin would guard the stream so that we would have a clean getaway. It was a good plan, but things didn't go as planned. If you see what I mean. Thalia and her friends had come up with a plan good enough to challenge ours. I HATE when my plans don't work! First off, Clarisse and about half of her siblings wouldn't fight, so we were down offence. Then Apollo and the Hunters got in a fight and 17 Apollo kids were in the infirmary. My only thought then was the fact that Tharin was okay. I was so sidetracked I made a major mistake. I forgot to tell Tharin's siblings that they were my backup. The only people covering my retreat now were Tharin and Jocelyn. While our limited frontal assault (Dang Clarisse) tried to fight off the majority of the Hunters I knew that Thalia herself would be after our flag. I would need to be quick. We dodged a few Hunters with Jocelyn disarming them if they saw us and Tharin shooting them in the arm or leg if they didn't. We made it to where the flag was hidden. Thalia had placed it on the lower branches of a pine tree which was smart, most people would assume that she hated pine trees. There were about 20 guards out numbering us 7 to