My toes glide in lazy circles over the dewy grass below me as I tilt my face up to the sun and soak in the warmth. I breathe in, letting the smell of pine and oak wash over me. I've always loved this kind of day. A perfect day . Today would be perfect, that is, if it weren't for the Reaping tonight. Some of the glory of the day dissipates at the thought and I open my eyes to find my best friend Gale watching me with the strangest look on her face, head cocked to the side, long dark hair streaming down into her lap, straight black eyebrows drawn down over gray eyes. She's sitting crossed-legged on the very edge of our rock, a stone that's just wide enough to fit both of us. "What?" I ask. "Nothing," she says. "It's just…you know I'll still be here for you, after the Reaping. You're still my partner, even if you can't hunt for a while." "You mean for five years, maybe more?" I say. I wilt, collapsing down onto the hard surface underneath me, my arms and legs stretching out like a star. "I want to stay a Hunter." I've worked hard for it over the last four years, carving out my place in the tribe, bringing in my share of the game that sustains us and provides trade. "Not if you want Prim to be a Healer," she says. I picture my little sister in the blue robes of a Healer. It's the only thing she ever talks about, the only thing she's ever wanted to be. And I could never sacrifice her dream to fulfill my own. At least at the end of my obligation, I could return to hunting, but they select Healers from those who have never taken part in a Reaping. Gale reaches down and plucks one of the long blades of summer grass, twirling it between her fingers. "And it might be fun, you know. I'd help you. We could raise her together." I prop myself up on elbows to look at her. What she's said would amount to a Joining, but…Gale couldn't possibly mean that. Beautiful, one of the best hunters, Gale could have anyone in the Tribe if she wanted and although we're hunting partners, she's never hinted at more, at least until now. I scramble for something to say, but my mind's blank. "Why couldn't your mother have had you two days earlier, huh?" she says, staring down at her crumpled blade of grass. "Then we'd both have been born on the sixth." Oh, so that's why she said all that. She's just feeling guilty that I have to go to the Reaping and she doesn't. We dedicate the sixth day of each month to Artemis, the Goddess of the Hunt. Every daughter born on that day is committed to her as a blessed Hunter, exempt from the Reapings. I was born on the eighth of May and Gale was born on the sixth of November two years before that. "But then," I add. "If I were exempt, Prim would have to go. She'd be the last member of our House." Prim and I are the only two that bear a firebird on our arms, its flaming tail flicking out at the circle that encloses it. The image of the hawthorn tree circles Gale's arm, but she has three sister who will go to the Reaping in the next few years when they turn my age. The first, her sister Rory, will turn sixteen in four years. I tilt my head up again, shading my eyes with my hand. From the sun's angle, I can tell that it's already noon. And I suddenly feel the need to get out of this conversation. "I have to get going. I hear the cleansing takes forever." I slip back into my sandals and grab my bow and game bag—nothing more than a few rabbits today—and hop off our rock. "Katniss," Gale calls, stopping me. "Just don't…get attached to any of them." I snort. It's true, some of the women like the Reapings, returning summer through winter even after fulfilling their obligations, but I can't see myself being one of them. "You don't have to worry about that." The cleansing pools lie deep underground beneath our temple. This is all I am told of the Reaping preparations. Everything else is a secret to the uninitiated. I am given directions and a few words to say at the right time, although I don't know when that will be. I follow the twisty torch-lit way deep into the earth. Instead of getting cooler belowground, it gets warmer, dank, and my tunic sticks to my back. The shadows shift in the fire light, casting strange images on the rough walls, flickering images that remind me of the vague and threatening nightmares I sometimes have, dreams that have me waking with a scream. Beyond the pant of my breath and the crackle of the torches, I can't hear anything either. For a hunter, all of this is unbearable. My breath comes faster and I long for my bow or even a knife, just something to clutch here in the dark, but no weapons are allowed in the temple. The tunnel narrows and shortens until even I have to stoop a little before I come face to face with a solid rock wall. I glare at the stone and swipe at the sweat on my forehead. Did I miss another passage in the dark? I look back down the corridor, but there's no way I could have. Even in the dark I would have sensed another opening. "Katniss," a voice calls from somewhere in front of me. "Do you come here of your own free will and of your own volition?" No, I think, but I ground out the given words, "I was born a daughter of the Twelfth Tribe. I shall die a daughter of the Twelfth Tribe. I volunteer as tribute." There's a pause on the other side of the rock wall. "Well said." The voice sounds amused, as if it knows just how involuntary those words were. "Step forward and place your right hand on the stone." Cautiously, I place my hand against the smooth gray-black stone of the wall in front of me. It compresses under my touch and then the whole wall grinds and splits in front of me to reveal a woman in a simple black sheath, a black cord looped around her waist. Even in the near darkness, her eyes are kind. A fire pit in the center of the room illuminates her. Beyond the fire, I can just make out a steaming pool of water. A hot spring must feed the cleansing pools. "I am Cinna," she says. "Welcome, daughter of the Tribe." She leads me over to a narrow stone bench with a silver goblet perched on top. The woman, Cinna, picks up the goblet. It's much smaller than a regular wine vessel, a decent swallow and it'd be gone. "Drink this and then disrobe and Venia will help you with the cleansing." She gestures to what, at first just looks like another shadow, but it transforms into a women who slinks up to us on long, lean legs. Swirling blue and gold tattoos cover her skin. There should be two dozen or more women attending the Reaping tonight, but there's no one else in the pulsing room. "Where are the others?" "New initiates are prepped separately from the main group," Cinna says, pressing the goblet into my hand. "The others can be quite…boisterous." "And I'm the only one this month?" I ask. I look down into the cup she's given me. The liquid is dark, almost black. "Yes," Cinna murmurs. "Now drink." I hesitate. "What is it?" "It is only wine. A kind of purifying wine," she says. I take a tiny sip. The wine is bitter, almost burnt tasting, sending a fiery spike down my throat and into my stomach. I sputter through the rest of it and put the glass back on the bench before taking a deep breath and striping off my tunic and pants. You learn early in the Tribe not to be shy about nudity, but it feels odd to be standing here exposed while the two of them are clothed. But, before I finish undressing, Cinna has disappeared and it's only Venia there. "Let's get you cleaned of all that forest dirt," she says. I roll my eyes a little and hope that in the dark, she didn't notice. The people that work at the temple or as artisans look down on those who work in the field, even the Hunters, though the forest is the holy realm of Artemis. It's a stupid prejudice. Besides, if the elders call us all to take up the shield of Warriors, who will be better prepared? War hasn't happened in two lifetimes, but it might. Without bothering to take off her own tunic, Venia leads me to the edge of the pool and we both wade into the shoulder-deep water. The heat of the water melds with the heat of the wine in my belly. At that moment, two very strange things happen. First, my mind seems to drift up and away from my body, blown like a leaf from a tree. I see myself go limp in the water as Venia holds me up, balancing me against her shoulder as she lifts one naked arm and scrubs my skin with some kind of stiff brush and a grainy substance that looks like salt, but foams and bubbles like soap. Second, time bends and folds in on itself and the me below is no longer in the pool, but another woman, not tattooed like Venia, but dyed a pea-green, is rubbing my body with oil and dusts me in what looks like gold. It's strange, this new kind of seeing, but for some reason, most likely having to do with the wine, I'm not overly worried about it, just vaguely curious. I explore the curved ceiling of the cave as the women below pamper and prepare my body. The hot and cold air wafts up and whirls around me and I almost see a face in the steam: a face with steady, piercing eyes… I come back to myself, mind and body uniting as the green-dyed woman braids my hair into an intricate crown. "Back, are we now? Just in time for the Reaping," the woman says. "I'm Octavia, by the way." She finishes the braid. "You can take a look at yourself." She leads me to a mirror sandwiched between two torches for light and I see the full effect. A dress like the firebird on my arm in the colors of flame. It shimmers as flame does, as well. "And as a final touch," Cinna's soft voice calls. She lowers a half mask over my eyes. "This mask was created from the feathers of a true firebird." They have made me a creature of fire and feathers. The calm I felt as I floated in the air remains with me and, for the first time I know I can succeed at the Reaping…succeed in any way I desire. I can fulfill my obligation or I can break all of the rules. The choice is mine. No one can restrain such a creature as they have created. At sunset, I am lead back up to the world of the living and out to where all the other women who will take part in the Reaping wait in the forest. This part of our lands is beyond my normal hunting grounds, a walk of at least a day, but the tunnel through the cleansing pools cut the time to less than an hour. The others who now stand around me are beautiful in their finery, but none outshines what Cinna has transformed me into. At the