Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: Spuxie is the penname on which all collaborative works of Spudzmom and ncbexie25 will be posted. We can also be found on Facebook under Laura Spudzmom and Bexie Mc :) ~o0o~ ~ The Prophecy ~ ~o0o~ Thrice the Sun shall rise for his Lioness, Twice the Sun shall recede to Darkness' depth. Thrice the Lioness shall seek her Sun, And twice the Moon shall overshadow. Once shall Lioness and Sun unite, To bring war of Sun too bright. For powers of light that be, They shall unite that once and as is their will, so mote they overcome, The dark evil of the Moon. ~o0o~ October 31, 1993 ~ The Underworld, Egypt ~ ~ By Spudzmom ~ ~ O siris sat upon his throne in the darkest depths of his domain, the underworld, his black gaze piercing the very psyche of the being knelt and trembling in front of him. "The God Ra and his Goddess have been born again my Lord." A cruel smile twisted Osiris' blackened lips. "Wonderful, my faithful one. Retrieve him without delay. I will break him before he has a chance to reach maturity, I vow it. This time, he shall not survive to battle and the world will at last, be mine in eternal Darkness." ~o0o~ October 31, 1993 ~ Peter ~ Houston, TX ~ By Spudzmom ~ Silence fell in the delivery room, the only sound heard, the squalling of a newborn infant. The desperate query of the exhausted mother pierced the stillness, shaking all from their shocked silence. "What is it? What is wrong with my baby? Tell me!" The nurse approached hesitantly with the tiny bundle. "Perhaps it's best to show you." The desperate mother pulled the babe to her, hastily loosening the blanket, revealing a beautiful, perfectly formed baby boy, his head covered in downy blond hair. She scowled at the nurse. "I see nothing wrong with him! He's beautiful." The nurse looked nervous. "Look at his back, Ma'am." Gently, she turned him over, her breath catching in shock. There, centered on the babe's back, was the perfect depiction of an Egyptian sun and on his inner wrist she noticed with mounting horror, a pentagram with what looked to be an Egyptian eye in the center, both marks seeming to glow from within. ~o0o~ October 31, 1993 ~ Bella ~ Phoenix, AZ ~ By Spudzmom ~ Tears streamed down the woman's face as she labored to bring forth her first child; a daughter, she knew. This was her miracle baby. She and her husband had tried for years to have a child without success. Truth be told, they had given up long ago. "All right my dear. One more push like that last one and we're gonna have a baby. Deep breath in...and push!" She grunted and screamed as she bore down with everything she had, finally collapsing back when she felt the babe leave her body, tears of joy mingling with the sweat on her face as an exhausted laugh escaped her. Concern replaced her joy though as she heard the quiet comments of the Doctor and nurses, all made with surreptitious glances at her and her husband. "What is it?" She was becoming frantic. "I want to see her. Give her to me!" They handed the crying child over, laying her small form on her mother's chest. Tears filled the mother's eyes. "Oh honey look! She's gorgeous!" She lifted her dark haired daughter up to see her better and there, over the tiny babe's heart was a rearing lioness, with a depiction of the sun behind it and on her tiny wrist, a pentagram with what they recognized with fright, to be the Eye of Ra centered perfectly within. Strangest of all, both marks were glinting with a light all their own. ~o0o~ October 31, 1998 ~ Peter ~ The Underworld 5 Years Old ~ By Spudzmom ~ The small boy shivered in the cold, dank cell, his vivid blue eyes blinking open to the oppressive darkness that was a constant in his young life. Tears filled his eyes as he comprehended his reality yet again. He always felt this way upon waking, the realization that the wonders he experienced while he slept were not real; not to him anyway. His eyes widened in fear and he scrambled up curling into a ball on his sparse pallet at the sound of keys rattling in his cell door. He anticipated this daily visit while dreading it in equal measure. It was time for him to eat, and he was very hungry… but they always beat him first. He had never known any other way of life and probably never would were it not for his dreams. His dreams took him to a warm place where it was so bright it hurt the eyes and there, in that warm place, was a small girl with long, dark hair that curled around her shoulders. She was lovely and he was always captivated by her. He had learned to speak from these dreams. He had learned everything he knew from these dreams. He'd had to since he'd been in this dark place since before he could remember. The dreams were his only source of comfort and knowledge; he only wished that he could stay in that dream world and never awake. He curled in on himself as the dark, cloaked figure entered. He'd learned very early on to protect the most vulnerable parts of his body from the careless blows delivered while the cloaked figure hissed out venomous words and mocking laughter. "Well boy, do you know what today is? No? Today is the day of your cursed birth. Five years I've had to spend my precious time feeding you and ensuring you don't think too highly of yourself and still, you do not die!" He screamed. The little boy flinched from a sharp kick to his thigh, a whimper escaping him that he just couldn't stifle. "Yes, whine and cry you pathetic little vermin. My greatest wish is to kill you but I cannot. I cannot even maim you or leave permanent marks. It's against the laws set forth from the prophecy." He sneered out with his thin lip curled in disgust. He kicked him twice more before dropping a tray in front of the trembling boy. "Eat up you filthy little worm. I've better things to do than wait all day for you to finish." The boy ate frantically, thankful that the food he was given was fresh and tasted good. He'd been informed one day, due to his guard's bitter rantings, that the quality and quantity of his food was also due to the rules set forth by the gods. His captors could not starve him, and for that small gift, he was grateful. He drained the mug of milk with relish, placing it back on the tray as he grabbed his canteen of fresh water, immediately curling back into the tightest ball he could achieve. He certainly didn't want to take a blow to the stomach and lose all the food he'd just eaten. His guard had figured out that he could get around the rules that way and the boy had gone hungry for a few days until he'd caught on. He shivered at the sound of his jailers evil chuckle as he exited the cell. "Have a wonderful birthday Peter." He sneered. With that, he slammed the door and left, his chilling laughter fading into dark, hollow silence. The boy laid back on his pallet, tears making tracks in the dirt on his face as he closed his eyes, desperately seeking the peace of sleep and the comfort and light of his dreams. ~o0o~ October 31, 1998 ~ Bella ~ Phoenix, AZ 5 Years Old ~ By ncbexie25 ~ It was nighttime when the little, doe-eyed girl of five years crept downstairs and out the back door of her house. She'd been able to hear her parents sleeping as she passed their room on her way to the stairs, so she knew that she would be safe to go out into the Dark again. She made the mistake of looking up at the Moon, whimpering immediately and looking down as she heard the voices—bemoaning, dark, and taunting. It was best to look away and get to her spot under the overhang of the trees when she did this. To her, it felt as though her breathing was so very loud when she sat down, hunched against her tree. Immediately, she reached for the long sleeve of her shirt and pulled it back, revealing her wrist and the mark that lay her, imprinted on her skin since her birth, she'd been told. She stared in awe, her mouth open in a cute round circle of wonder as her finger reached to trace the symbol. She didn't know what it meant, and her parents would never tell her when she asked, but it was just so... pretty. Especially when it lit and glowed at nighttime—it was the only reason why she came out into the Dark. She hated the Dark, but her mark made her feel safe. She glanced toward the house, her hair a curtain falling around her, obscuring her face almost completely as she angled her head down, eyes intent as she traced the glinting mark. Her eyes caught on the muted glow emanating from her chest, and her lips fell open in wordless wonder as she reached up and pulled her top down just a little. She frowned. It was harder to see that mark. All of a sudden, the glow grew brighter, and her skin felt hotter as she whimpered. She burrowed herself in on herself, looking up toward the brilliant, glowing Moon, shrouded by the protective trees. She didn't like this feeling she always got. It was a daily occurrence, but it was worse on her birthday. She didn't understand why, but she knew she didn't like it. The feeling grew stronger and tears welled in her eyes as she rested her forehead on her knees, her breaths growing shorter as she breathed out and in hot air. She could hear the taunts again, but for some reason, she knew they weren't talking to her. It was like she was listening in on something. She whimpered and clutched at her knees even harder. Her chest and wrist glowed stronger, brighter, and her whimpers turned into scary, growling sounds as she felt the anger build up inside her. She didn't know why, but she really wanted to protect the poor victim of the voice's taunts. She just didn't know how, and that made her sadder and angrier than she'd ever known or felt before. She cried out, the feeling growing stronger to the point of pain before abruptly disappearing completely. Then she gasped, stopping even her breath as her eyes sought her house. She groaned to herself when she saw the light of her parent's bedroom turn on, and she got up quickly but made no move toward it. From the door, only a few minutes later, she heard, "Isabella, come inside this minute! It's late, and you need sleep, sweetheart." She sighed but did as she asked, never sparing another glance toward the evil globe in the sky as she escaped from the Dark. As she was tucked into bed, she did not listen to her mother's words of caution and venting anger, instead she concentrated on her own thoughts of what she had felt tonight—again. And those thoughts stayed with her until she fell asleep. Her dreams taunted her again with words she could not understand at her tender age, and when she woke