I'm not sure why I wrote this; it just popped into my head, and I decided to roll with it since I like Hansy so much. There isn't as much of it as I would like. I'm still learning to write better, so any helpful reviews will be great! Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or any of its characters. That right belongs to J.K. Rowling. I just have fanfic ideas always bouncing around in my head and the uncontrollable urge to write them. With all that said, for anyone that actually reads these little snippets at the top of every fanfiction, I'm sorry for wasting your time with my rambling. Enjoy! A New Perspective In all his seven years at Hogwarts, there was no other girl who had riled Harry Potter's short temper more than the Slytherin Princess herself, Pansy Parkinson. Her position at Draco Malfoy's side had set her up for his occasional angry outburst. Her taunts, barbs, and calling him "Scarface" at every opportunity certainly didn't help her get into his good graces. In fourth year, when she had worn one of those awful Potter Stinks badges and found a way to permanently stick it to Potter Stinks, Harry's anger always flared at the sight. The Parkinson heiress had seemed to enjoy pushing him to his limits and always walked away with an impish smile on her face. Though, he couldn't help but admit that the smile had lit up her face and had left his with a slight warmth. Then in fifth year, she had joined the Inquisitorial Squad with the rest of the Slytherin gang. The ebony-haired girl had always seemed to trail after him exclusively, waiting for any reason to dock points from Gryffindor. Occasionally, Harry had lost his patience and had a go at his pursuer. Their arguments had become legendary and quite the show for other students; they had often ended with the two yelling "Scarface" and "Pug-face" and then storming off. Their hostility had finally come to a climax in Pansy's seventh year during the Battle of Hogwarts when she had screamed for Harry to be turned over to Lord Voldemort. The grey-eyed young woman was constantly shamed by the rest of Hogwarts for that, and she couldn't go anywhere in the castle without being on the receiving end of spiteful glares from Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws alike; she was even scorned by a couple of Slytherins who were trying to enter the good graces of other students. Yet, the pale young woman never seemed to stagger as she shielded herself from the taunts and barbs, walking around the halls of Hogwarts with a shield of makeup and a confident smirk. In an odd sort of way, Harry had respected her perseverance from afar. He had chanced glances at her from across the Great Hall and in their shared classes to admire her determination. It was in the middle of his unofficial eighth year, and Harry was in the Owlery tying a letter for Andromeda to the leg of one of the school owls. When he finished and watched the eagle owl fly into the distance, he heard a sound he was all too familiar with coming from above. He climbed the stairs slowly coming closer and closer to the source of the sound. When he finally came to the highest landing of the Owlery, he came upon the sight of Pansy Parkinson sobbing uncontrollably and sitting among old owl droppings. She was sitting curled into a tight ball against the wall, knees drawn up to her chest, her arms wrapped tightly around her arms, and her forehead resting on her knees. Her normally straight, ink-colored, shoulder length hair was matted and twisted in all directions as if she had gripped and pulled at it for the past hour. Pansy's chest rose and fell frantically with each whimper. Harry froze at the scene before him, the stoic Slytherin Princess, Pansy Parkinson, bawling her eyes out on the dirty floor of the Owlery. He gave a slight gasp, and Pansy whipped her head up at the noise, showing him her tearstained makeup. Harry didn't know why, but he felt a twinge in his chest when her eyes met his. "P-Potter," Pansy said with a shaky voice as she wiped her tears with the palm of her right hand. "Wh-What are you doing here?" "I was just, er," Harry replied, stumbling over his words. "Just sending a letter. I heard you, er…" "Crying? Yeah," Pansy interrupted him her voice still shaking. "Well, go ahead and laugh at Pug-face Parkinson." Harry couldn't explain, but he frowned at the name and got angry with the girl in front of him. "What? Why would I laugh at you," he shot back. "Potter, I'm not sure if you've forgotten, but you hate me, and I…" Pansy said still trying to dry her eyes and clear her makeup. "I hate you." Harry rolled his eyes and said, "I wouldn't say I hate you, Parkinson." He walked over to her and awkwardly sat by her side, not knowing what to do. "Ha," Pansy gave a mirthless laugh. "What do you call the last seven years of our lives? And what are you doing?" Harry shrugged. "I don't know what to call what we have, but I don't hate you," he said, slowly and awkwardly resting his hand on her shoulder. "Okay," Pansy said drawing out the o. "But you still haven't told me what you're doing." "I'm consoling you, I think," he said with a lopsided grin and a small chuckle. Pansy turned her head on her knees to look at him with a raised eyebrow. Harry fidgeted under her gaze. At that moment, sunlight came in through the Owlery windows and bathed the two students in its warm glow; Harry swore that was why his face felt warm. "If that's what you're doing, you're doing a piss-poor job of it," Pansy said as she grabbed his hand and brought his arm across her shoulders. Harry was at a loss for words. Here he was on the top landing of the Owlery with his arm around Pansy Parkinson, the one girl he had constantly fought for seven years. He certainly never expected anything like this to happen today, or this year, or decade. Harry tensed a little when Pansy laid her head on his shoulder. "Well, then I'm sorry," Harry said not able to keep from chuckling, "I don't really have a lot of experience with crying girls. Do you want to talk about it?" "That's not what I heard from Ravenclaw in fifth year, Scarface," Pansy replied without her usual bite at the nickname. Harry was about to retort when he heard a light, melodic giggle. It was nothing like her grating, taunting laugh made at his expense. At the sound, the Owlery seemed to get lighter, or it could have just been from the sun. Harry and Pansy spent the next hour like that. In silence on the top landing of the Owlery, their backs against the wall, Harry's arm wrapped around her shoulders, and Pansy's head resting on his shoulder. Aside from his sleeping arm, Harry felt rather comfortable; he even fell asleep after ten minutes. At the end of their hour together, Harry woke with a silent yawn to a familiar weight on his shoulder. He looked down and saw ebony-haired shoulder length hair inches from his face, and he remembered whom he had slept with for the past hour. At the feeling of another small weight, Harry looked down to see Pansy's small hand gripping his waist. The soft breathing that barely echoed throughout the Owlery told him that Pansy had also fallen asleep. He looked out the windows and saw that the night sky was beginning to dot with stars. "Pansy," he whispered, lightly shaking her shoulder. "Pansy, wake up." Pansy gave a small grunt in response, gripped him tighter, and dug her head further into Harry's shoulder; he tensed and shivered at the feeling. Harry shook Pansy a little harder. "Pansy, come on, you have to wake up." The Parkinson heiress only brought her other arm across Harry's chest and grabbed onto him tighter. "Harry," she lightly moaned. Harry's eyes almost comically widened at Pansy's voice. "Pansy," he squeaked out in a panicked voice. Pansy slowly woke with a loud yawn at the sound of Harry's voice. She brought her hand up to rub her eyes, and Harry shivered at the loss of warmth. When she had raised her head and met Harry's eyes, hers widened just as large as Harry's had, and she jumped away from him. She rested her back against the opposite side of the Owlery, which wasn't that far considering they were on the highest part of the spire. Harry watched Pansy's chest rise and fall in shock as she regained her breath. He moved his emerald eyes up to meet her stormy grey ones, which were alight with a spark of shock and fear. Seeing her still tear-stained makeup annoyed him for some unknown reason. A small rag lay at his side, and he cast a cleaning charm on it. After casting an Aguamenti charm on the rag, he moved to Pansy's side and kneeled down. Pansy stared into his eyes, questioning him. Harry held up the wet rag in response and lifted it to her face. With a hesitant nod from Pansy, he began to wipe away her makeup and dried tears. He lightly held her face still, resting his hand on her delicately soft nape. The whole time, Harry's eyes never left Pansy's, and he could see the small flecks of blue in the enticing stormy grey. As he washed away her makeup, Harry couldn't help but notice how soft her lightly tanned skin was. Pansy didn't move a muscle under Harry's gaze and stared back with confusion. When Harry finally finished, their eyes were at least a decimeter from each other's. He nervously licked his lips. It happened suddenly; Pansy leaned forward, and her lips gingerly touched his so quickly that he barely registered her touch. She leaned back against the wall, her eyes emanating worry and hope. Harry licked his lips again, reveling in the taste of Pansy and her lipstick. He quickly caught her lips with his and he felt like he was soaring over the clouds. She tasted like the salt from her tears and her strawberry lipstick, and Harry was drunk on her kiss. Pansy pushed back and wrapped her arms around his neck, fingers twisted in his hair. She turned them around, pushed him into the wall, and swung her leg over his legs, hungry for more. After what felt like an hour but was probably only a couple minutes, the two separated. Pansy rested her forehead against his and calmed her heavy panting; Harry did the same. Her arms remained wrapped tightly around his neck, and Harry moved his hands to rest on her waist, drawing patterns with his thumbs. After she had calmed, she lifted her forehead off his and looked into his eyes again. "Pansy," he began. "How long have you, er-" "Liked you," she interrupted. "Hard to tell, really. I had a crush on you in third year. Probably fell for you around fifth year." Harry's head spun with the information. He had never imagined this could happen, that the girl he had fought with for years would be confessing hidden feelings for him. "Wait, fifth year, then our fights?" Harry said. Pansy giggled, the melodic sound brightening the room once again and bringing a small smile to his face. "Ah, finally caught on to our sexual tension, Potter?" She said with a mischievous smirk. "Harry," Harry said. "What?" Harry raised his hand and smoothed her hair, and Pansy leaned into his hand. "Harry. I figure we're on first name terms now." "You're right, Po-Harry," she said. "After all, we did just sleep together." Pansy