Authors note: This story is almost true toTolkien's universe, but there are several small differences that were needed if the plot should work out and I feel obliged to inform the reader of this before beginning. The major difference is the fact that the principal of Dor-en-Ernil and Rohan has been fighting each other for years and Prince Imrahil and King Éomer has never met. In the real book they were close personal friends. I hope these changes will not deprive anyone of the lust to read my story and furthermore I pray that you may all enjoy it. I am always happy to hear your opinions and constructive criticism. Chapter 1 - the promise of pride Lothíriel was the princess of Dol Amroth and though she did not always act the part, she looked every inch a princess as she rode amongst her countrymen. She sat behind an appointed trustworthy soldier chosen to take his Lady safely to their destination on his big and tranquil horse. Her black hair had been pulled back tightly and crowned with a silver headdress which seemed ridiculously elegant in comparison to the simple landscape surrounding them. The men was wearing amours as if they were heading for the battlefield, and beside them she was like a silk scarf next to rock. The princess seemed utterly displaced among the warriors, but their kind smiles at her, indicated that they did not see her as such. Sure, she was not a man, nor a fighter, but she was loved and praised for her bright spirit. Lothíriel had a dreamy look on her face gazing longingly towards the North, hardly affected by bumps of the rocky road. One could tell, by her elegant pose, that she was no stranger to horseback riding, although she was usually never allowed in the saddle alone. As a royalty she was supposed to learn the ability of riding, but her father always had a good explanation why she should not begin her lessons, mostly stating that she was all too fragile to deal with the strong creatures. Lothíriel knew that she did not appear strong and in truth she was not all well-built. When she was younger her brothers teased her, for not being able to fight them and for hiding behind their mother when she couldn't stand the rough game. The only thing strong about Lothíriel was her mind and maybe her tongue. But words were not weapons to be underestimated especially not in a man's world, where muscles might be important, but not decisive. However, she was not considered muscular enough to ride, not by her father and not by men in general. Therefore she was always forced to rely on others to ride with her, no matter how much she hated it. This, however, was far from her thoughts in those hours, because she was reflecting on the goal of their journey. It was a two week travel to the capital of Rohan, Edoras, and the only roads available were poorly maintained, since their two lands had not been on friendly terms in decades. Her home, Dor-en-Ernil, was a principal of Gondor, but because they had always felt very liberated from the rest of the country, they had also had their own wars. The dispute with the Rohan was one of them and so old that none really remembered who started it. It was rather stupid when you took the time to think about it, because the two nations didn't even share boarders. You probably couldn't even call it wars, but it had been enough to make the Rohirric a part of the cursing vocabulary in Dor-en-Ernil. During these last couple of years, when the terrible War of the Ring had been upon them, all the small, yet consistent, battles had stopped and the quarrel temporarily forgotten. When Gondor had called upon the Rohirrics for help her father Prince Imrahil had gone to fight alongside the horsemen causing both of the leaders to reconsider their mutual repugnance towards each other. Her father had arranged a meeting of conciliation with the new king of Rohan, Éomer son of Éomund. The name of the royal guard carrying her on his stallion was Daemyn and he was understandably proud of the goodwill he had been shown and was determined to perform the task, of transporting his mistress to perfection. His good intentions however made her feel almost smothered, for she hardly got to breathe before he turned to her once more, asking if she was acceptably comfortable and polite as she was she could not manage to discard his questions. "Hold on Princess. We'll be able to see the town in a few minutes," he comforted her needlessly when she accidentally yawned. "You've done an excellent job soldier," she replied graciously and patted him friendly on the shoulder. "I shall remember to tell your captain how you never once neglected me or failed to fulfil your duty. Surely taking care of a pitiful helpless woman such as myself, have not been as glories as you pictured it, but I assure you, no time has been wasted." "Oh no don't say that Milady," he objected loudly, twisting in the saddle in the attempt to see her, almost pushing her to the ground. "Assisting you has been a thrill and you are not helpless at all." She sniffed sardonic, tired with men's consistent need for pleasing her, as he continued softly, "I've seen your Highness practising the bow and you never miss the target. Indisputably this is not the characteristics of a helpless maiden." "You flatter me," she said blushing as it was appropriate when given such compliments. It was true that she mastered the bow, but only for sports, and she could hardly hit at a long distance. Her mother had insisted that she learned a weapon, because she had learned the hard way that even women unwillingly get involved in battles sometimes. Daemyn also glorified her aim, for though she had been granted a very capable pair of eyes, the arms didn't always match in strength. "Not at all," he demanded. "Apart from Éowyn of Ithillien, the great slayer of the Witch King, you must be the fiercest of women in all of Arda." Although she heard conviction in his voice she carried on with the proper shy modesty. "Hardly, lot's of women fight better than I. Besides I am not certain that I am capable of killing if finally deciding to prove myself." These were true words and she could almost imagine him smiling knowingly. "Then you would not be the first lady to feel so. Woman weren't originally made for fighting," when he could hear her breathing heavily at this argument and quickly added, "Although they can be as terrifying and lethal as men, when angered and carrying a sword." Her wrath towards differentiation between the genders was commonly known in Dol Amroth and even the soldiers were careful not to exercise their usual dirty phrases with her around. She was a very gentle woman and did not easily lose her temper, but pity the fool who enraged her. As a child she had been always been calm and moderate, never impatient or wild, but she was sensitive and when she grew to be conscious of injustice she became a small guard of the court where she often uttered inappropriate words towards wrongdoers. Over time harsh teachers of etiquette had trained her to control the emotions and she now mastered the delicate serenity of a true noble lady. She forgot the boring and dreary past of education when suddenly they reached the top of a hill and was able to see the little village of Efharis. Lothíriel liked the simple architecture of the Rohirric cities and that they used wood instead of stone to build their walls of shelter. The dominating colours of the decorations and patterns covering the facades were the traditional green and gold. In Dor-en-Ernil everything had to be blue or white and she resented the sterile and cold tint. It had to be so perfect, clean and cultivated. Rohan, being further to the north was wilder and the habitants more dependent on the mercy of the sky. It was not only the land itself that echoed from an unlike kind of power, but so did the people. When she was little and her mother told her that every woman in Rohan knew how to handle a horse she had not believed it, but seeing these proud, valiant and strong mothers and daughters all doubt vanished. Riding down to the gathering of houses she agreed with her father that she was a brittle little girl. All the women passing them looked like they could have slain the Witch King like their princess had done it. They weren't heavy and manly, but the way they walked so every straw of grass would tremble and their eyes likened those of goddesses of earth and stone. They carried great burdens like it was silk on their shoulders and the tall slender figures never stumbled or fell. A bit thrown off by these different people only half a moon from her home in Gondor she moved herself closer to the man in front of her seeking protection. Her father halted and the procession behind her followed his lead. Leaving most of the escort outside the gates to start raising the tents the prince and a few close guards rode into the village where a thickset man stood expecting them on the town square. The blond characteristic hair was not strange to her, as her father was as dark a man as her mother was light. She was dark-haired herself, but in summertime it turned light brown. The man bowed deeply. Both her and her father had been nervous to how the Rohirrics would receive them after the wars that had raged between them, but the look of the man before them was warm and welcoming. "Welcome Prince Imrahil of the South and greetings dearest of friends," the thane spoke, a smile on his reddish face. "Joyful is the day the Prince of Dol Amroth makes peace with our Lord of the Mark." Her father dismounted and went to shake the hand of the mayor. Lothíriel decided that she liked the choppy man, but instead of running eagerly to thank him, she stayed in her seat waiting to be called upon. Daemyn seemed anxious and she was guessing he was so young he was afraid to make mistakes. He must be about fifteen; she reckoned placing a soothing hand on his shaky arm. In return she was granted an appreciative look before he dismounted like the rest of the guards, who were far older than him. "… and we are most grateful for your hospitality," she heard Imrahil recite before the two men turned towards her. "Who is this exotic beauty, your wife perhaps?" Her father was older than he looked and it wasn't the first time she had been mistaken for the Mistress of Dor-en-Ernil in spite of her young age. "No sadly not. The princess is my daughter and my faithful companion when travelling." The thane got a look of realization on his face. "Oh I see, the famous Lothíriel of Gondor? Rumours of your splendid mind and the loveliness of your face have not been exaggerated. What a bewitching pair of emerald eyes you've got princess. Just like the green of the mark." "My Lord, I am not worthy of your compliments." "From the bottom of my heart Milady, I never saw a pair of eyes like that, nor a smile so kind." Lothíriel was used to these silken remarks being nobility and regarded them for nothing more than polite conversation. "Thank you. What a pleasant start on what we can only hope will be a successful visit." She sent him her most warm smile and a glittering look to go with it, and as always the