Chapter One: Thanks To You Bella stood in the doorway and watched as her father stumbled around the kitchen. It was 6 A.M and Charlie was trying to put something together for a quick breakfast. As far as Bella knew, her father wasn't aware of her presence yet, and it was a rare moment when Bella stopped to appreciate all of the things that he did for her. She watched as her father made the only food related thing that he knew how to make: coffee. She knew he liked it black, and stopped herself from making a sound of disgust. For the last few months, Bella had been a difficult daughter, but Charlie had tired his hardest to take care of her. He tried to get her to talk about them but he seemed to understand when she was silent on the matter. Bella knew that her father knew all about having a broken heart. His divorce with her mother, Renee, almost seemed to make him an expert on the subject. Charlie never dated after the divorce, and the subject of Renee always put a look of sadness on his face. When Bella asked about their separation, Charlie always claimed that he was most sad about losing the chance to be a father to his daughter. Bella knew that her decision to come to Forks, even if it led her to Edward Cullen and his family, was something that her father really cherished. Charlie had been a constant source of encouragement throughout Bella's nightmare. Bella suffered from constant nightmares. She never slept for more than three hours a night and was almost always exhausted, which took a toll on her social interactions. She had stopped eating, because she no longer had an appetite. The only thing that Bella continued to do was go to school and work, and only because those things were compulsory. Charlie pleaded with Bella to at least take care of the necessities, and was often the only reason that she tried to eat. He made sure that she made it to school on time, finished her homework, and even reminded her to shower regularly. He made sure that he was available if she needed him, even though she never seemed to need him. After the nightmares each night, he stayed awake with her out of fear that she might somehow harm herself. Though the situation must have been heartbreaking for him, Bella had never heard Charlie complain. The only time throughout this dreadful experience that Bella saw Charlie lose his calm was yesterday night. Charlie threatened to send her back to Jacksonville if she didn't start acting like person instead of a zombie. According to Charlie, just because he understood what Bella was going through, didn't mean that he wanted to see his only daughter waste her life away over some teenage boy. Bella's reaction to this outburst from her father was something that she was not proud of. She screamed, yelled, and even threatened to move out of his house if he tried to force her to move back into Renee's. The emotions and pain that Bella had been holding inside started pouring out, and she spent the rest of the night sobbing. Bella began to realize that she was angry about the wreckage that Cullen family had left behind. She still couldn't understand why the people who had once claimed to love her like she was part of their family could just disappear without a goodbye. Bella felt angry that she had been abandoned by the family that she had once loved and longed to be a part of. She felt angry that she was abandoned by the boy who had once promised they would be together forever. She was absolutely furious that she had wasted so much time being sad about Edward, when she wasn't completely convinced she still cared for him. How could someone that was supposed to love just leave you in the middle of a forest? More importantly, how could someone who was supposed to love you just leave? She realized that she couldn't see Edward as her future anymore. These revelations forced something inside of Bella to begin to change. She began realizing that Edward had never really wanted to be with her, and he had manipulated her into changing parts of her life that he didn't find pleasing. As it was, Bella was not very pleasing to Edward at all. He didn't like her attitude, apparent sex drive, or humor at all. He was constantly making decision for her, based on what he believed was safe for her. Bella realized that the girl she considered her best friend, Alice, was just the same as her brother. She didn't like the way Bella dressed, so she changed it. Whenever she considered the Cullens, she could point out all of the ways they had changed her and it made her sick to her stomach. Bella realized that she used to be more than someone's girlfriend, best friend, and pseudo daughter. Before she had met Edward Cullen, Bella had been a girl who had been known for her mature attitude, determination, and absolute refusal to settle down. Bella felt the need to reclaim her life, and move on from the mess that the Cullens had made. The clearing of a throat brought Bella back to the present. Shaking the memory of the fight from her head, she put on the best smile that she could, and rushed over to the refrigerator and started taking out the ingredients from an omelet. The bareness of the shelves reminded her of the terrible way she had been affecting her father, and she wanted to cry. "Hey, Dad," she said in the cheeriest voice that she could, and fought back a pretend yawn. She turned on the electric stove and tried to mentally prepare herself to make the speech she had been thinking about all night. "I just want to apologize for my behavior last night. I know that my reaction was uncalled for and it really made me consider my actions over the last few months. I wanted to apologize for the emotional and physical pain that I've put you through, and I wanted to let you know that I'm going to try to start focusing on healing. Last night, when you mentioned that I may have to move back in with Renee, I was really upset and it made me realize that I haven't really taken the time to be upset about what Edward did to me. I have been stuck on the idea that one day he might come back, when in reality I should be asking myself if I actually wanted him to." After a minute of stunned silence, Charlie managed to choke out a response. "Thank you for sharing that with me, Bella. Thank you for breakfast, too. You know I'm here if you ever need me. " This response was just what Bella had expected, and seeing an immediate change in his behavior made her feel like she had made the right decision in sharing her feelings with him. Charlie had never been the emotional type, and that was something that Bella had inherited from him. Her little speech had taken a lot out of both of them, and Bella was glad for the chance to be excused from the kitchen and start getting ready for school. Bella rushed up the stairs and pushed open the door to her bedroom. Her recent emotional state had certainly taken a toll on her outward appearance, and she usually just opted for some sweatpants and a hoodie to wear to school. However, with a renewed outlook on her world, Bella decided it would be a great day to actually put some effort into her appearance. She rushed through a shower, and dried her hair. Thankfully, she had pretty nice hair, and that was all it really took to make it look presentable. Next, Bella opened the double doors on her closet, and for a moment she was shocked to see her diminished wardrobe. All the things that Edward had liked, Alice had bought for her, or reminded her of the Cullens were immediately thrown away after the break up. This left a few pairs of jeans, some semi-cute blouses, and a few ratty t-shirts. Although she dreaded it, Bella realized that she would have to go shopping soon. Her breakdown had made her a model employee and she had plenty of money saved since she never went out. However, that shopping trip would have to wait. For now, she pulled on some jeans and a worn out t-shirt with the words, "Save Rock and Roll" on it, and some old converse. She threw on a jacket, just for good measure, and deemed her outfit finished. She pulled her backpack off the floor and carefully ran down the stairs. Hopping into her old, red truck, she almost wished that she could listen to music again. She stared at the empty hole in her dashboard, and the unshed tears in her eyes threatened to spill whenever she thought of the night that she ripped out the stereo with her bare hands. She remembered all the blood afterwards, and how she felt accomplished. It was almost like she had taken some part of her own life back. Since then, she hadn't listened to a single note of music, and flinched whenever she heard a love song or piano music. This reminder of her recent behavior caused her face to flush with emotion. The revival of her frustrations from the night before gave her the strength to pull out of the driveway and push away the feeling that she might break down. These emotions and thoughts did not stop upon her arrival at Forks High School. She pulled into the school parking lot, turned off her truck, and pushed her door open. She remembered how Edward would always be there to open it or her in the morning, and almost gagged. She jumped from the truck and angrily pulled her bag out. She slammed the door and turned to join the sea of students that were flooding into the building. However, she was met with the stunned faces of almost everyone in the student body. Bella was once again reminded of just how badly she had been hiding her emotional turmoil. The reaction from her peers only fueled her feelings of discontent and beginning hatred for Edward Cullen, and she stomped her way through the parking lot and into her first period class. She ignored the glances and faces of concern from her classmates, and realized that she was tired of being treated like she was fragile. Bella realized that she had let Edward completely change every aspect about her personality, and she almost wanted to scream. The anger must have shown on her face, because Mike Newton looked somewhat apprehensive when he approached her. "Bella, I was just wondering if you could take over my shift at the store today. I'm going out with Jessica and some of our friends, and I thought that since you never seem to have plans, you wouldn't mind covering for a friend." He said in an unsteady voice. Bella had been picking up Mike's shift at his parent's sporting goods store quite often in the past couple of months, due to her complete lack of social interaction. She hadn't missed Mike's complete dismissal of her ability to have plans or friends, but she knew that the idea wasn't completely unfounded. Bella hadn't hung out with anyone except for her dad for the last few months. Bella smiled, which caused a look of surprise to cross Mike's face. "No, thank you. I've covered quite a few of your shifts over the past couple of months, and I have plans today. I'm going shopping with some friends in Port Angeles." Bella said calmly. She really was planning on going to