Nine Fingers Genre: Horror On their way home from Minas Tirith, the Hobbits have a strange encounter on the outskirts of the Barrow-downs... The sky in the east was already beginning to turn pink and grey and the Great East Road lay long in the thickening shadows when the Hobbits reached the outermost edge of the Old Forest. Wisps of fog rose from the ground and drifted over the road. Gandalf, Elrond, Galadriel and their companies had parted ways with them in the afternoon to go wherever their mysterious "elf-business", as Sam liked to call it, was taking them. The journey had been peaceful and they had encountered no one except when they passed through Bree and bought bread and smoked meat to last them for the rest of the way to the Shire. But despite the still trees around them and the few lonely birds that were singing in the branches higher up, a strange unrest had taken hold of Frodo and he turned his head over his shoulder despite himself, listening for the sound of hooves on the road, dampened or swallowed by the trees around them. "What is it, Mister Frodo?" Samwise asked, the worry on his master's brow having not escaped his keen eyes. Frodo regarded the road just a bit longer, then he tore his gaze away and smiled at Sam. "I cannot hide anything from you, my dear Sam, can I?" "You should know by now that nothing goes unnoticed by Sam when it concerns your well-being!" Merry said before Sam could answer. "But he is right; you were very quiet since the Old Forest came into view. What ails you?" "I don't know," Frodo said, although this was only half true. "I guess it is because the last time we went down this road to the east, it was when we were hunted and frightened and a long journey lay before us whose end was hidden in darkness." Merry nodded. "True. But now there are no longer any sniffing Ringwraiths we must hide from and no orcs and trolls to prowl the land. There is no reason to be afraid; even the Barrow-downs should be safe now that the power of Angmar has been broken." "The Barrow-downs!" Pippin exclaimed and shuddered at the memory. "I still wouldn't go there again, not even with a troll on my heels! I remember little and much of it still seems like a dream to me, but what I recall is a song that made me think of the end of the world and eternal sleep in tombs of stone. And the cold!" Frodo looked away and the darkness under between the grey trunks seemed to draw his gaze, forbidding and enticing at the same time. "I would rather not speak of these things before nightfall. Let us wait until we are back in the Green Dragon and the midday sun is at its highest." "Very well." Merry nodded again. "But we don't need to go near the Downs this time. We can follow the road a bit longer before we take the path that leads us to good old Tom Bombadil. I miss the old fellow and I look forward to seeing him again." "So do I," Pippin said. "Although he still seems strange to me. I wonder if he knows what has been going on in Middle-earth at all." Frodo did not say anything, but he was sure that Tom had not missed what had happened during the last year, even if he never seemed to leave his forest. "If you'd allow me a word," Sam said, "I suggest we make camp here and don't ride any further before next morn. Mister Frodo looks tired," he threw his master a glance, "and look, even the ponies are restless." And indeed, the ponies had, unnoticed by the four Hobbits, huddled together, their ears laid flat against their heads and stomping their hooves. Even good old Bill, who had grown fat and lazy in Bree during their absence, looked nervous. A few years ago, Merry, Pippin and Frodo would have laughed at Sam's words. After all, they were near the Shire's boundaries and armed with Rohirric and Gondorian steel. But now they lowered their heads and stole silent glances at each other until their eyes fell on Frodo, who was still looking down the street that had now begun to slide into darkness two-hundred feet ahead. "What do you say, Frodo?" Merry spoke up and righted himself, remembering once more the dangers he had faced in the south and that nothing living in the Shire could possibly be more terrible than what he had seen there. Frodo thought about it for a moment, he looked at his friends and then at the foothills of the Barrow-downs which rose to his left, sharp, jagged and black against the darkening blue and violet sky where one after another the stars began to appear. "Let us spend the night here. I don't want to come too close to the Old Forest at night. We can ride on tomorrow after the sun is high enough." The Hobbits steered their ponies off the road and a bit to the north until they reached a mossy grove surrounded by beech trees whose trunks shone silver in the night. The trees were gathered in a circle and in their midst, the Hobbits set up their night camp. They watered and fed their horses and tied them to the beeches (not that any one of them had a lot of hope that this would hold the ponies back should they try to run; back when they had been on the Barrow-downs their mounts had broken free as well). Sam stroked Bill's muzzle and then went to gather firewood, while Pippin brought water from a nearby stream which was probably a sidestream of the Withywindle. Merry and Frodo sat on bedrolls by the fire. Merry lighted some kindling and softly blew into the flames. Frodo watched him silently and pulled his Elven cloak tighter about his shoulders. The nights were ready very chilly in October and although he was usually little bothered by the cold, he was glad when Merry succeeded in starting a fire. Soon the flames were crackling merrily and Sam roasted potatoes and turnips for them, threw in some meat and let it stew. Pippin leaned forward and breathed in deeply. "Ah, Sam, don't let anyone ever tell you that you are second to someone in cooking! This smells delicious; I think I could eat all of that by myself!" Sam's ears didn't turn red at the praise like they would have done not so long ago, instead he just laughed. "I'm afraid today you will have to leave something for your friends, Master Peregrin, although you can have my share if you are so hungry." Pippin threw his head back in mirthful laughter. "Listen to our good old Sam! He doesn't even hesitate to forgo his own meal! How did you survive the march over the planes of Gorgoroth when you gave everything to our Frodo here?" Frodo flinched at the memory of the desolate, barren plane that spanned the endless waste between the Morgai and Mount Doom, but he didn't say anything. Pippin turned to look at him. "I am sorry, Frodo, I love you dearly, but I think you would not have survived with me at your side. I would have eaten my own share first and yours afterwards." "Now I know why Master Elrond wanted to send you home instead of allowing you to join the Fellowship," Merry said. "Small wonder we always seemed short on vittles." "Ha!" Pippin exclaimed and his voice was very loud in the grove. "You ate just as much as me and you smoked even more. I bet poor Gimli is still wondering where his pipe-weed went after we left Lórien!" Frodo only half-listened to the back-and-forth of his friends. Instead he kept a watchful eye on the darkness behind the beeches. His back felt cold and he had the feeling that they were being watched. Nonsense, he told himself. Who would want to watch four Hobbits bantering and having supper in a clearing? A fox or a badger maybe; the scent of the food must have drawn them here. But despite telling himself to dismiss his unease, his fingers closed themselves around the hilt of Sting. He waited until no one was watching and then he pulled it out of its sheath just far enough to look at the blade. It was dark, merely the moon was reflected in the cutting of the blade. No blue shimmer emanated from it. Frodo regarded Sting for a few moments, then he pushed it back into the sheath. I wish Strider was here with us, he thought and suddenly remembered that only a little more than a year ago, Strider and the four of them had sat in a little dell below the summit of Weathertop, waiting for the Nazgûl to find them. The coldness that crept up Frodo's back clung to him even tighter. But Strider would wander with them no more. It was still strange to think of him as King Elessar, but Frodo could not help but think in fondness of the weather-worn ranger whom he had thought to be a spy of the Enemy during their first encounter in the Prancing Pony. Still, Frodo wished he was here with all his heart, if only to sing them songs of the Elder Days and calm their unrest with his silent presence, for indeed he was not the only one who was unsettled. He saw the ponies, which were still standing close together, their heads lowered and their ears flat against their heads. He had not planned to speak aloud, but suddenly and to his own surprise, he found himself singing the song he had heard Gildor and his company sing when they met under the starry sky in September a year ago. A Elbereth Gilthoniel! silivren penna míriel, o menel aglar elenath! For a brief time, the shadows seemed to grow less deep and the stars shone brighter from the black dome over their heads. Sam closed his eyes and listened and Merry and Pippin ceased their banter and looked over at him with awe-filled eyes. "I remember this song", Pippin said. "I can't quite recall where I have heard it, but seems to speak to me, although I don't understand the words." "The High Elves we met when we were fleeing the Black Rider were singing it," Frodo said. "It is a hymn to Elbereth, the Queen of Stars." "It is a beautiful song," Pippin said. "There seems to be so much more than the mere melody and the words. I remember now that I felt as if I had stepped through a door and into the Elder Days. There seems to be a lot more elf-magic to music than I thought." "A pity Bilbo was not there to hear it," Merry said. "I bet the old chap would have taken notes and composed a new song immediately. I only begin to see it now, but you are indeed very similar to him, Frodo." Suddenly, something behind Frodo's back cracked and he jumped to his feet and turned around, his hand on Sting's hilt before he knew it. "Who is there?" he called. At his words, a tall shadow stepped out of the shadows between the trees, almost invisible in front of the grey tree trunks and the blackness under the branches. Light and shadow slipped over the stranger as he came closer to the Hobbits. He was tall, much taller than a Hobbit, and his face was hidden beneath his cloak. Sam was on his feet in an instant and drew his dagger as he leapt in front of Frodo. "Halt! One step closer and I'll make your long legs quite a bit shorter!" The stranger halted indeed and raised his