A/N: Éomer came on a surprise visit to Dol Amroth at a time when Prince Imrahil and all his sons were in Minas Tirith, leaving Lothíriel in charge. This story ties in with both my drabble called "Confessions" and my oneshot called "The Deserted Courtyard". Read "The Deserted Courtyard" first, if you like, but do NOT read "Confessions" unless you want to spoil this story. :) Also, I apologize for the lateness. It was supposed to be published on Valentine's, but I was swamped with schoolwork, and then I decided to publish it on my birthday so it was special, but real life caught up with me then as well. So, without further ado, here it is, my Valentine's Day special... A Sea-Side Evening Lothíriel flew about her room like a demented bird, cautiously patting her upswept hair, toying with her silver belt in front of the looking glass, twirling carefully so as to inspect her clothes one last time. Her maid watched her in amusement. When she finally decided that, yes, that curl did look better pulled down, she turned to face Faervel anxiously. "How do I look?" Her maid suppressed a laugh before answering. "Do you truly know how lovely you look, my lady?" Faervel said, obvious entertainment in her voice. "But that isn't what I meant at all! Is my hair quite arranged? Is my belt fixed on properly? Is the dress too much, perhaps?" Lothíriel looked down at her cobalt dress doubtfully. Faervel didn't bother suppressing her laugh now. "There is only one thing missing now, my lady." She plucked a silvery-white flower from a vase on Lothíriel's dressing table and tucked it into the black waves of her hair. "There," she said, in a satisfied tone. "You look just as pretty as you wish to look in front of the Lord Éomer." Lothíriel blushed bright red. "Oh, no, Faervel," she said a little too quickly, the words tumbling out in a rush. "I must keep up appearances for Father, of course. It would be most unseemly if I didn't appear presentable, at the very least." Faervel surveyed the girl standing in front of her, the blue dress with silver netting, the laboriously-worked-over hair, the knot of white flowers—the same as the flower in her hair—settled at her waist. "At the very least," she agreed, her eyes twinkling. -:- Eight-year-old Triwath was skipping in excitement, hardly able to keep still. "Lady Lothíriel is coming here, Mama? Here?" Cellin, the former cook for the Prince, smiled indulgently. Her daughter had idolized Lothíriel when they had lived at the castle, and had carried her admiration far beyond the Prince's stone walls, when Cellin decided to come back and live in a small house just in sight of both the town and the Prince's castle. It was good to be living under the same roof as her fisherman husband, after years in the Prince's service. It seemed, however, that the Prince's offspring were under the impression that no one could serve such oysters as Cellin could, and she often found herself entertaining many a noble personage underneath her humble roof. But to think, a king! A barbarian king from the North! This would prove to be most interesting, indeed. "Lady Lothíriel is bringing a visitor, darling." Triwath nearly crashed, so enthusiastic was her skipping. "Oh, truly, Mama? Who?" "Éomer, King of Rohan." Triwath's skips wavered for a moment. Her brow puckered in a frown as she contemplated this. "I am afraid of him," she finally pronounced, looking troubled. "He is so very big and… yellow." Cellin laughed. Her daughter probably meant his hair, which was, indeed, astonishingly golden to the dark-haired people of Gondor. "You must not say so, Triwath. It would be most rude. And remember, we owe him our lives." Her daughter nodded obediently. "Of course, Mama." Cellin turned back towards the array of seafood on her rough wooden table. -:- Éomer paced nervously, awaiting Lothíriel's arrival. They were to partake of their evening-meal, so it would seem, at the home of Cellin, who was once a cook who served at the Prince's castle. After hearing Éomer declare that seafood was delicious but didn't taste quite as fresh or hearty as the food of Rohan—looking back, perhaps not the most diplomatic of comments—the Lady Lothíriel vowed to introduce him to the best of Dol Amroth's food. "You might not change your mind," she acknowledged, with a graceful nod of her head, "But I intend for you to make your decision after tasting the finest Dol Amroth has to offer." And now, he was here in their great stone hall, awaiting her arrival. He was not nervous about eating at the home of a cook, doubtless neither grand nor refined. He rather welcomed such an experience. It was the Lady Lothíriel herself who caused his apprehension. He had first met the Lady Lothíriel at a deserted courtyard in Minas Tirith, and they had become fast friends since that time. But, little by little, Éomer had felt himself losing a part of his heart to her—when she smiled, when she spoke passionately, when she spoke gently, when she shook her head. And here she was, stepping lightly down the stone staircase. Oh, but she was beautiful. She was all silver and blue and light, floating on grey net and white foam, every inch as exquisite as his first glimpse of the sea. Her eyes shone with a starry sort of gleam, and Éomer wondered with desperation, not for the first time, how he could ever hope for such a lovely creature to love him. "Éomer!" she called out, smiling. "Shall we?" He kissed her hand perfunctorily, offered his arm, and away they went, out on the soft white sand towards the cozy little house that sat within sight, twinkling comfortably. -:- It seemed as though only a few minutes had passed before they had arrived at the small house and were stepping over the threshold, greeting their hosts. "Thank you for agreeing to entertain us—" he felt a guilty thrill go through him as he used that short word "—me, thank you for agreeing to entertain me tonight." Cellin and her husband, Erthor, were most hospitable and very kindhearted. They ushered the two in, commanded them to treat the house as their own, and Cellin jogged back towards the kitchen to bring the food out—Erthor's freshest catch. All of a sudden, there was a little girl, no more than eight, shyly curtseying to him. "Good eve, your majesty," she said in a small voice. He got onto one knee, gave her a bow, and then kissed her hand. She looked awestruck. "Good eve, my lady." She seemed to lose all her bashfulness after he addressed her. "Are you truly the King of Rohan?" she demanded, taking in his simple, nondescript tunic. "Indeed I am," he said, laughing. "Forgive me for not bringing my crown, but it is far too heavy for my liking. What is your name, lady?" "Triwath," she answered, bobbing another curtsey, "and I shall show you our house." Before Éomer could react, Triwath had seized him by the hand and began dragging him across the room. "This is my favorite room," she pronounced, waving a hand at the rough wooden table and simple seats. "We have three windows. You can see the town through this one—" she pointed at the window on the left, and Éomer barely caught a glimpse of small, indistinct blurs and flickering lights before being hauled away "—and you can see the sea from this one." She brought him to the foremost window, and they gazed for a while at the sea, which was much nearer than the town was. Éomer almost felt as though he could touch it from here, and he listened with delight to the water's song. "And what can you see through that last window?" he questioned, turning towards the window on the right. "Just some sand," she remarked carelessly, waving a hand. "It stretches on for ever so long—" "Triwath," her mother's voice interrupted her, "Don't keep King Éomer from the food." Éomer smiled as he turned his gaze towards the table. The display of food didn't look overwhelming or jaw-dropping at all—it seemed simple and just enough for five people. It was oddly refreshing. He smiled at the kindly couple and their little daughter, seated himself next to Lothíriel, and tucked in. -:- "There is no one in all of Dol Amroth," Lothíriel announced proudly, "who can tell a story like Erthor can." "I do enjoy spinning a good yarn now and then," Erthor conceded around his mouthful of shrimp, "but there must be many a sailor who can recount better tales than I." Lothíriel laughed. "Let us be the judge of that. Do tell us a story, Erthor." "At the dining table, my lady?" he asked, looking mildly horrified, but there was a teasing twinkle in his sea-grey eyes Éomer did not miss. Lothíriel rolled her eyes. "After we eat then, Erthor, you must tell a story. Éomer King demands it," she added, glancing slyly at aforementioned royal personage. Éomer, who had been struggling with a particularly stubborn oyster, was taken by surprise and simply nodded. And so, after the meal, and after Triwath had been forcefully put to bed by an unyielding mother, they found themselves seated comfortably, all faces turned expectantly towards Erthor. The fisherman seemed lost in thought, and then slowly straightened up and began to speak. Éomer found himself leaning forward to catch every word. "Years ago," Erthor began, his voice sounding quite different—deeper, more mysterious, and almost hazy, as if lost in the tale—, "there was a young boy, no more than sixteen, perhaps, who was walking in the sand, near the Prince of Dol Amroth's dwelling. He had done it often, when needing solitude, or time alone to think. But on that day, to his utter amazement, he saw a girl dressed in simple grey walking along the shore, quite near him." He paused. Cellin smiled quietly, as if the story had been told many times and was familiar to her. "At the exact moment that he saw her, she turned to meet his eyes, and he felt a thrill run through him at the sight of her beautiful expression and lovely countenance. And he knew, there and then, that he loved her and would love her evermore. "She spoke not a word, but continued to walk, and he watched her. And after a few minutes, she smiled at the boy, turned towards the Prince's palace, and walked back, her feet leaving soft marks on the sand, never glancing back at him. And the boy felt despair upon seeing where she was headed, for how could he ever expect a Princess to love him, the son of a simple fisherman?" Éomer glanced at Lothíriel to see whether the story was familiar to her, too, as it seemed to be to Cellin, but this other princess was enraptured by the story, her eyes concentrated on the bearded man. "As the years passed, he saw her a few more times, always in the same place, but still he could never find the courage to speak to her. Though he lived a normal, happy, cheerful life, the image of the beautiful girl was always in his mind. When he grew to be a young man, he decided that he would win her love through great deeds. "He joined the fleet of the Prince and fought bravely, and became a great sailor, exploring new lands before he reached his twenty-fifth summer. And when he finally returned, he kissed his mother in greeting and then strode straight towards the beach, determined to finally speak to her and make known his love." Éomer felt a shiver pass through him and couldn't help but glance at the lady by his side. "But she was not at their beach. He paced, and when she did not arrive,