Hey. I know you all might hate me for uploading a new story when I have like four stories on hold needing chapters, but this idea had to get out. I'm currently reading the Blood of Olympus, have not finished, but this idea sprung in my mind. Anywho, enjoy! SUMMARY: During the war of the titans versus the gods, two clever nature spirits got curious and decided to make a creation. Taking some DNA that had been in the blood that had dripped form each and every titan, god, spirit, and other force participating in the war, they created two humans with unbelievable powers, thanks to the golden DNA. Realizing the boy and girl were too dangerous to be exposed, in case anybody could try to control them and use their powers, they locked them away in a carefully hidden forest burrow in North America, to never be awaken and to sleep forever... Millions of years later, Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase are on the run from monsters in Washington State of the United States. They stumble across the tomb of the two children, and accidentally bypass the enchanted spells and awaken them. Forming an instant friendship, the four teenagers start making their way back to Camp Half-Blood. But now, every Greek figure is awake, sensing the new and alien power traveling across the country. Suddenly, the kids, Ethan and Crystal, are in great danger as several forces try to kidnap them and possess their powers. Can Percy and Annabeth bring Ethan and Crystal to Long Island before they are destroyed? Or is there more to the story than just typical monsters wanting to kill two powerful half-bloods...? Perhaps a giant has been waiting for many eons for these kids to rise... and he's ready to set his diabolical plan into action. Long summary, I know. But enjoy the story! I don't own anything except the plot and OCs, Ethan and Crystal. They are my own creation. Eons ago, during the war between the titans and gods: Candace stepped lightly over the tall green grass that grew freely in the forest. Her bare feet was tickled by the long blades as she walked her way through the forest. Above the trees, heavy smoke poured into the indigo evening sky as Artemis, the goddess of the moon, used her powers. Explosions and guttural screams could be heard throughout the land, the uneasy slash as swords crashed together and ended lives. The war between the titan and gods had been raging on for months. Candace had grown used to the sounds of war echoing around her. In fact, hearing the explosions and cries of pain actually made her smile a bit, as being a fire nymph made her more friendly with carnage. But now was not the time for laughs and chuckles. She and a river naiad had been forming a plan for a few weeks now, ever since the war started, and now they were ready to put it into action. With a leather bag tied around her waist, she walked into the cave that was nestled deep in the foothills of the mountain, hidden by many rocks and plants. Pushing past a tall, green fern, she stepped onto the rocky surface, ducking underneath a few moist, hanging vines that half-covered the entrance before she fully entered the lair. Inside the cave, it was lit by small candles placed strategically around the interior so as little candles were used as possible. They didn't want to attract much attention to the cave. The inside walls were smoothed down rock from the inside of the mountain, the ceiling only seven and a half feet above the floor. There were shelves carved into the wall, the surfaces littered with various trinkets, tools, and materials. A few bigger products were stored in a smaller room connected to the main interior. The project that Candace and her naiad friend were working on was in the very middle of the room. Two large steel sheets like metal beds spread out next to each other, raised slightly by a few sturdy rocks. On the tables were two human mortal bodies, a boy and a girl, and a large bucket of mortal blood was resting on the ground, tubes connecting from the blood to the humans. Untying the leather bag from around her waist, Candace went to the main table with the mortal bodies and pulled out two vials of DNA. One from a Titan daughter, another from the messenger god Hermes. It had been difficult to find these super-beings and catch them at the right moment when their immortal blood, ichor , spilled so Candace could swoop in and take a large enough dose of it for her project. The only reason this project was taking so long was because they had a disorganized list of which DNA they already had and whose was whose. Luckily, since there was so much carnage happening at every moment, once they knew who they needed to find, all they had to do was wait for the next battle axe to swing down. The sound of wet feet squishing on rocks surprised Candace, and she turned to see her naiad friend, Bistonis, walk into the cave. Bistonis's long, blue hair tumbled down her back, streaked with white and had plant curls around her ear. Her skin was a light turquoise blue, and she walked with bare feet also, water dripping behind her as if she had just climbed from her stream. She was a river naiad, a potameides, and Candace knew Bistonis didn't like being in the cave. But it was the safest place they could perform their experiment without being detected. "You're late, Bistonis," Candace lectured. "Our project must be taken to action soon if we plan on changing the course of far." Bistonis wrinkled her nose, making the freckles underneath her green eyes twitch. "I am a potameides , Candace. I am not used to mountains and rocks like you are, you fire nymph." Candace smiled. "I take pride in my nature heritage. Nonetheless, let us begin. Do you have the ichor from Nyx and Hestia?" "I do," Bistonis said, a little pride flushing into her pristine voice. "It was very difficult to gain the blood from the goddess of hearth; she hardly participates in wars amongst the gods. I was able to team up with a few satyrs and they helped me lure her out into an enemy's path, causing her arm to get injured and for me to take the sample." "Very good," Candace said, smiling. Her auburn hair flicked with flames as excitement grew in her. "Hestia was the last one, correct?" "As long as you got the proper DNA from Calypso and the god Hermes," Bistonis confirmed. Candace nodded, and they both quickly stepped to the two human bodies they have prepared. It had taken them forever to find the right pieces to assemble the two humans. One female, one male, they had given each of them distinct features. The female had more features that made her look like she was from the far east, way beyond the Greek borders, at least into the continent of Asia, an image Bistonis had decided to use ever since she visited a land and came back, reporting to see people with "distinct and different features from us all." The female was only a little over five feet tall, with dark eyes and dark, long hair. They had given the male tan skin and many freckles, the same way Bistonis had freckles like she had been sprayed with cheddar cheese, and brown hair. They sculpted their features to make them look handsome and beautiful, like they were almost gods. The only thing that was left was the DNA in their bodies. Both of their creations laying still across the metal beds, Candace ran to a special shelf in the wall. There, dozens and dozens of small vials were lined up, all a different color, glowing with different light. Some were pretty shades of pink, blue, green, and red, while others were dark indigo, indicating they held evil aspects. But each and every DNA sample contained power , which would relate to what being they came from. DNA extracted from Aphrodite's blood would probably contain much power over words, beauty, and emotions. DNA from the titan king Kronos would contain power over time, as Kronos was the lord of time. And all of that godly DNA combined would make a creature so supernatural, they would almost be dangerous... like a walking atomic bomb! Candace started to organize the labeled vials on the small table next to the metal beds, preparing to embed the DNA into the mortal bodies. As Candace walked back and forth between the shelf and the table, placing the vials in their correct spot, Bistonis started to worry. "Candace, call me foolish, but now that I see you preparing to actually engrave the DNA into the mortal bodies, I am starting to doubt if this will succeed. If it is worth the risks. The two outcomes have totally opposite degrees. We either succeed with this project and change the course of the war, or we fail and end up destroying the ground we walk on." "You're going soft, my friend," Candace said. "We have to try. If the mortals end up being uncooperative, we have this." She brandished a Celestial bronze sword and tossed it to Bistonis, who caught it quickly. "We'll send their souls right back to Tartarus and re-plan." Bistonis sighed. "True. But I would hate to destroy these humans. Believe it or not, but since I have put so much work into these mortals, I am starting to love them as if I am their mother! I would hate to destroy them so quickly after we put so much heart and work into them." "I see your point," Candace agreed. "The DNA we were inserting into these bodies will certainly make them powerful. And I too would hate to demolish our creations so quickly. But the power we are installing into these humans could make them quite out of control. I understand your worry. If we have to, we must get rid of them before they can do any damage." "You really should think about it before we really proceed to do this, Candace. The result of all the DNA combining together could be vicious. With that amount of power, they could summon a thousand hurricanes or make it rain white-hot fire with just a flick of their wrist!" "Alright, Bistonis, perhaps not. I am going to hope that they can maintain control of their own powers as soon as they are alive, although I'm not sure that could happen. If they don't have control or can't maintain it quickly, we can transport them to an island of the coast of Greece and personally train them there, far enough away where the gods and titans won't notice." Candace tried speaking with confidence, but she hadn't realized to think about these back-up plans before. The naiad sighed. "I suppose you're right," Bistonis said. "As much as I dislike it, I suppose it is good to have a second plan." "Plus, you have to remember, they are humans, not automatons that will fall apart by a loose wire. Although they will withhold power, they will still have thoughts, rationality, personality, and characteristics like any other mortal being. It's only if they want to take action in something, they certainly have the power to do so," Candace lectured. Bistonis nodded solemnly, sliding the Celestial bronze sword into an empty sheath hanging at her waist. "Since you appear to have nothing to do, why don't you prepare the sacrificial meal?" Candace suggested. "I shall start working on the DNA samples and the bodies." Bistonis nodded, and she walked over to a cupboard, opening it to reveal many scrolls and loose papers stacked haphazardly inside. She rummaged through them until