So I was going to combine certain aspects from The Rise of House Potter , Black ascension, Knowledge is power. From the Rise of House Potter I was thinking on having the benevolent Dumbledore, as I don't mind the manipulative/evil ones, but I prefer a nicer Dumbles. I'll have an asshole Ron, ginny, bossy Hermione. I was also thinking for harry to die and be sent back in time by the entity Death, in a world where he'd be raised by Remus. He'd have full knowledge of the future and have all of Voldemort's memories and powers from the horcrux which he absorbs during his possession in the MoM. There would be some chapter copied over almost word for word, switching words where I see fit. From Black Ascension, I was thinking on Hedwig dying (through natural causes) and being reborn as a Hellfire phoenix, Harry's bonded familiar. I was then going to implement the Grims Guild, which I think is a fucking amazing idea and I cannot get over re reading the story. I'm not sure if I want to rename Harry to Seraph, like he did in the story. But I might have him combine the Potter and Black Families into one, and maybe he and Sirius could be father and son, like in this story. Not sure, I'll work it out with time though. I was also thinking for him to become part vampire, like the story, but half vampire instead of 1/8 vampire or whatever it was. AND Luna wouldn't be bonded to him. Eventually, I'll have him fully rebuild the guild and then have Moody and Moony teaching in the Black Alley, and then others like Nymphadora, the twins, Sirius, Archades, Cedric, Rodger Davies, maybe Blaise Zabini, maybe Theodore Nott, possibly Bill and Charlie and a couple more OC's in there. From Knowledge is power, which is extremely similar to the Rise of House Potter, I was going to have him be pursing the Slytherin diaries, and opening them to find a cure for his mother, who was tortured into insanity by Bellatrix LeStrange and is in the permanent mental care in Saint Mungo's. Long summary short, harry may or may not be sirius' son, he gets killed by Voldemort and gets sent back in time, two years older than he was before, the memories of his past life, Voldemort's life, and the life of the kid he took the body from all connect and he relives his life in a world where Neville is the boy who lived, he is raised by Remus, his possibly non biological dad is dead, while his possibly biological dad is in Azkaban, his mother is insane, he finds out what the Guild is, he makes some friends in the goblin nation (no he doesn't control them because he's the Peverell Heir or some bullshit) and manages the Potter finances. By the way, I mentioned he'd combine the Potter and Black families, this wouldn't happen for a while, past his fifth year which is (in the cannon) when he broke out of Azkaban, because remember, Neville is two years younger. Or maybe I could get Harry to get thrown into Azkaban deliberately, and he can then break out, like in the Rise of House Potter. This is all in the thinking stage at the moment, because there's a lot of differences in the three stories, and obviously I shouldn't just copy the stories, I need to think of my own parts. And hopefully I don't give up on this like the other two writers, because I am addicted to the stories. (To anyone who didn't realize, Rise of House Potter and Knowledge is Power are basically the same, but the former Harry died and came back to life in an alternate dimension, the alternate dimension was the latter story.) Harry Potter was in an angry mood. No, he was beyond furious now as he watched Bellatrix Lestrange run across the hall of the atrium, all the while shouting and taunting him. The cries of "I killed Sirius Black" hit his ears with force of a battering ram every time the witch in front of him shouted it gleefully for all heaven and hell to hear. His head was pounding furiously and his scar twitched as like never before. For the first time in his short life, Harry wanted to kill. His wand moved as if magic itself was prompting him. Aiming his wand at the deranged witch, his lips moved by themselves. "Avada Kedavra" The jagged green light erupted from his wand like a lightning bolt and struck the witch in the back. Bellatrix stopped running immediately as she was thrown off her feet in the air and turned towards Harry in slow motion in mid-flight. Her eyes seemed surprised for the tiniest second before they erupted into balls of black fire. "You want to duel me, Potter?", Bellatrix spoke as she landed back on the ground on a crouch. Her voice was no longer that baby like sound that he had immediately loathed. Instead, it was a much deeper and deadly voice as Harry suddenly realized that his attempt to kill the woman had failed. "You wish to kill me, Potter?", Bellatrix almost seemed surprised at the words that she spoke and then continued in the same vein. "You tried to kill me. That is surprising", she muttered to herself as if in a trance and slowly moved an errant strand of hair from her face. "But you failed to kill me. You do not have the will", she smiled now and said, "Let me teach you, Potter. Let me teach you the art of killing." Saying that, Bellatrix moved her wand in a whip like motion and streams of black lightning erupted from her wand. Harry swore at the incoming lightning and dived away but was struck by one of the lightning spears. Harry felt a blistering pain on his left foot and he almost emptied his stomach when he saw what the curse had done. His skin had been peeled away and his flesh looked as if it had been put into a burning cauldaron "I am not going to kill you, Harry Potter. For that honor belongs to my master. But I will surely cause you pain that will make you wish that you had died along with that useless mutt of your godfather. You will wish that I had put you down like I put down that dog at the department of Ministries", she spoke as she approached the boy. Harry cursed himself. He knew that while he did not have much expertise in the spell knowledge department. But he did have one advantage, his prodigious magical core. Most adult wizards did not have the magical core available to them that Harry had at the tender age of fifteen. So he did the one thing he had been avoiding doing during the whole battle in fear of causing collateral damage, he started overpowering his spells. Harry yelled a, "Confringo Maxima" which destroyed the Atrium floor and the backlash threw Bellatrix against a wall. Harry limped on towards the insane woman who seemed to have lost consciousness. But as he came closer to the woman, Bellatrix leapt to her feet and again spears of black lightning erupted from her wand. But this time Harry was ready. Moving his wand in a circular motion, he uttered, "abarona Miecha!", a bright circular dome appeared in front of Harry and the lightning spears were all reflected back at the alarmed looking Bellatrix. She dived to the floor to avoid the coming projectiles but unfortunately for her, her head struck a stone that had been blasted apart by Harry's blasting curse and she slid to the floor unconscious. Harry was breathing heavily as he limped towards the witch once again, now warily. From where the knowledge of the shield spell had come to him did not concern him at the moment. All he wanted was to kill the woman in front of him. He pointed his wand at the woman who had killed Sirius and wanting to kill her for taking the last person resembling a parent to him but he could not say the words this time. It was as if his mind was being drawn into a battlefield and there were two warring factions in there. His scar was already hurting too much. His left foot had been butchered open and he had lost his godfather already. Suddenly, Harry felt another searing jolt of pain shoot through his scar and he knew that Voldemort was here. Slowly turning around, he saw Voldemort tall, thin and black-hooded, his terrible snakelike face white and gaunt, his scarlet, slit-pupilled eyes staring . . . Lord Voldemort had appeared in the middle of the hall standing on the other side of the Atrium, looking thoroughly bored with the situation. "You came", Harry muttered, "Just like every time, you send your lackeys to do the hard work and then you come to pose for the photos." Normally, Voldemort would have been angered by the comment but this time, his lipless mouth pulled into a smirk. "Ah, Harry. It has been a long time since we saw each other. When did we last meet? I do not remember exactly", Voldemort taunted as he walked along the walls of the atrium. Harry grit his teeth as he replied, "You know bloody well, you bastard son of a squib." "Yes, now I remember. We met last year at my rebirth day ceremony, don't you remember? A young man named Cedric was tragically killed that day. A shame that, he was a fine boy. Now, today we meet again and now Sirius Black has been killed. The last heir of Black is dead sadly. We have to stop meeting up like this, Harry. It does not look good to me that whenever we reunite, someone always has to die", Voldemort grinned, though slightly annoyed at Harry's comment. Harry was about to reply but Voldemort cut him off yet again. He spoke, now in a hissing voice and Harry realized that Voldemort was speaking in parseltongue, "You have defeated my greatest follower. It seems that I have underestimated you again. Would you kill her, I wonder? I know you tried to earlier but the killing curse was….. Off colour, I suppose I can say. Let me give you another chance", he summoned Bellatrix's body with a wave of his wand to Harry's feet. "Kill her Harry. You know the words. Two simple words, Harry Potter that will rid this world of an insane woman. She took Sirius from you, Harry. Take her life as vengeance for Sirius's Death. Just two words, Harry Potter" As Voldemort was saying this, he seemed to float through the air towards him and stood in front of him. The man walked around Harry with his hands behind him as he spoke, in a manner that would have befitted a teacher more than a Dark Lord. Harry raised his wand and aimed it at Bellatrix and started uttering the syllable of the killing curse as Voldemort looked approvingly from beside him. Justas Harry spoke the last syllable; he turned his wand at Voldemort. The green jet of light once again erupted from his wand and flew at Voldemort who apparated away. Harry was backhanded by Voldemort who had apparated behind him. Harry was thrown on the floor as two of his teeth broke by the strength of the blow. "Pathetic", Voldemort sneered as he looked at the downed boy. He banished Bellatrix's body to a corner and walked towards Harry. Harry slowly got up to his feet, still favouring his left foot. Harry tried to raise his wand but Voldemort slashed his wand through the air, conjuring a silver bullet which Harry barely dodged. He shot off three blasting spells at full power at Voldemort which Voldemort evaded with a golden shield. "Do