Agh…a hot shower never sounded so good after a date. Normally, a woman would shower after a date to relax and analyze how the date went, how the guy acted, if he should really be pursued, and what to wear on the second date. Either that or she's just lucky enough to share her date's bathroom for the next round of sexy fun. Me, I'm not any of those; in fact, I want to fucking forget about my latest date from Hell. "He'll be better than the last one, I promise." Alice pleaded. "He's a friend of Emmett's and a great guy who will give you a future." Rosalie added. Being a friend of Emmett's should have given me a clue about this guy, and I would have preferred going on a date with Emmett pre-Rosalie. At least he wouldn't stare at my chest when I'm talking, nor would he take me to a sport's bar for our first date. Needless to say, I was ignored for the majority of the time with the exception of my boobs receiving more attention than a bra fitting. Let's not forget, the guy couldn't take the hint that I didn't want to see him again even when I politely turned him down at first. Somehow he didn't, but thank God for the fresh can of mace Charlie sent me with my birthday present, as well as for Renee's once obsession with self-defense. I heard the satisfying crunch of his nose then the pained groan when I kneed him in his balls. The cabby was impressed and only charged me half price. Correction, I'm also looking forward to getting some ice on my poor knuckles. My cellphone vibrated…again. I knew it was either Alice or Rosalie wanting to know how my date was, what we were up to, and giving me sex tips. I didn't bother answering, I was too fucking angry to talk. Just because they were happily married to their men shouldn't make them feel as if they needed to find suitable matches for their single, twenty-something friends. They were checking off their fucking list—and yes, there is a list in existence—and I am the last one. Well, I started off on the top, but I've rejected each and every man they've thrown at me for the last year. I think Alice said something about introducing me to some lesbian friends. It wouldn't work, though, I did some experimenting in college and I can safely say without hesitation that I am a straight, heterosexual female…no offense to the homosexuals, of course. I am so fucking tired of this shit anyways. Maybe I'll become a crazy cat lady who's known as Auntie Bella by my friend's children. If I ever have an itch, I'll scratch it myself—there is technology for that, or I'll gorge on chocolate until the feelings pass. I already workout twice a week, and I can always boost that up if needed. Tonight sounds good to try that theory…wait, hold up, my front door should be closed. This may be an old building, but Charlie has made sure my room is secured with sound craftsmanship locks. I peeked through the crack and waited. There were soft thuds, someone was walking around. It has to be a person, my cat Greyson is not fat, and I can guarantee that. I couldn't see anything thanks to the wall in the entryway, but whoever was in my apartment wouldn't see me walk in either. Mustering up my courage, I carefully opened the door just enough to fit my small frame through, leaving the door ajar just in case I needed an escape. I grabbed the heavy flashlight I kept in the drawer of the table in the small hall for protection. I would have brought out my can of mace, but I dropped it when I delivered the final blow to my date. I should have them spaced out in various hiding spots around my place instead of keeping them all under my bed. Fuck me. Listening, I heard the intruder moving, coming closer to my position. What would be the best way to handle this? From the front I could surprise them then strike with my weapon, but what if there was gun? Better go for the back of the head. With my mind made up, I waited hidden in the shadowed corner like a predator waiting for her prey. Oh, how the tables have turned for you, thief, I thought smugly to myself. Finally, my intruder walked in front of me, and didn't even notice my presence. Just as I was about to strike, the guy turned an-about-face. We both jumped at the sight of one another and I got a good look the invader. "What the hell are you doing here?" I snapped back into defensive mode. The guy wore a bandana around his lower face, but his bronze-like hair color and vivid green eyes gave immediately him away. He was one of the brothers that moved in down the hall last week. I don't know their names since we never spoke and I'm not into the latest gossip to know their life's story. Nonetheless, this one broke into my apartment and I was not happy. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Please don't call the cops." He begged. My hands turned into fists and I placed them on my hips, my glare never softened. He truly did seem afraid of me. Good boy, I though. "Give me one good fucking reason or I'm going to mace you and tie you to a chair. It'll make for an easy job for the police to get you." I threatened. "Please…it was a prank. My brother blackmailed me to come and steal your panties. He knows I've admired you from afar and sent me over here to 'man up' as he put it, and I…" "Whoa, hold the fucking phone. This was for a fucking bet?" "No blackmail." "Sounds to me he called you a fucking pussy until you relented then picked my door just to grab my underwear. Yeah, you are a dumb-shit of a man." I huffed while holding onto the wall to remove my shoes. Fuck, I hate heels. The asshole eyed my footwear. Probably thinking I would use them as a weapon before calling the police on his ass. In fact, I should do it and mace him, and then tie his ass to a fucking chair before calling the cops. But I didn't have any energy left for that. In all honesty, I felt bad for him seeing as his brother was a bully like my friends were about my date tonight. Well, I'll show them both. Slamming down my flashlight/weapon, I tugged the intruder closer by his shirt. His eyes widened at the sudden action, confused when I pulled his lame mask down before I kissed him fully on the mouth. "What the fuck…" he tried to pull away, but I held firm. "This will be beneficial to the both of us or would you like me to call the fucking police and have you humiliated by having your shitty brother bail your ass out of jail?" I moved back to kiss him, and this time, he didn't fucking struggle against me. I pushed him roughly backwards until he hit a wall with a muffled grunt. I should have pulled back to see if he was alright, but I couldn't focus on that as his tongue battled with mine. For a geek he was a really fine kisser. It was my turn to moan when I broke the kiss to breathe and he wouldn't stop. In fact, he spun us so I was pinned to the wall and attacked my neck. Embarrassingly, I was panting and moaning like a two-bit whore, but the pleasure this asshole was delivering was like nothing I had felt in my short sex life…or maybe it was because I had been celibate for too damn long. The delicious friction we were creating below made all my rational thoughts go out the fucking window. Racking my nails up his tone back, he took the hint to remove his shirt throwing it away while I stared unabashedly at his upper body. He did work out, but wasn't a real meat head just enough for the ridges to be predominant along his flawless skin. He didn't look like a geek any more. When I reached his face, he was smirking at me using a crooked grin that may or may not made my legs want to melt and my pussy throb. "See something you like?" He asked. I was about to retort back when he leaned down to my ear. "Don't forget to breathe," he whispered. I let out a breath I didn't know I was holding and glared at him. He was still wearing that bandana—and I've always had a tie fetish—so I grabbed it and kept him at eye level. "If you don't want me to scream 'rape' you better be good." I threatened. His demeanor changed to submissive in an instant and nodded in understanding. I almost wanted him to get on his hands and knees to worship my feet, begging for forgiveness, but I had other ideas. Still holding him by the bandana, I dragged him to my small dining room. Holding out a chair and pulling it away from the table, I roughly pushed him into it. Then I straddled his lap. His hands immediately went to my waist to hold me steady. It was comforting and sweet he acted like I was delicate, if I cared about being that tonight. I pulled his arms away and made him grip the chair. "Be good." I warned him in what I hoped was a husky tone. The last time I used that tone the dumbass laughed at me. Long story short, he got kicked then thrown out, and I got into a heated argument with Rosalie and Alice about hurting Dumbass's feelings. I think that was the last time I tried to sleep with a blind date. This time, my voice seemed to come out right. My thief's Adam's apple twitched when he swallowed hard. He was fighting to stay quiet too. "I still want to hear you." I cooed and gave his ear a little nip before moving to his neck. He let out a breath that turned into a deep groan showing his appreciation for me giving him some control. I moved my body so I was standing between his legs, all the while, still working on his neck and jaw. I nearly made him lose control when I sunk my teeth into his shoulder causing him to let out a strangle howl and throw his head back. I smirked at him then palmed his erection through his jeans. It so wanted to come out to play…and who am I to tell my captive's cock no? Slowly I unbuttoned his jeans never taking my eyes off my prize just to prolong the torture. "Please hurry, stop fucking teasing me." He panted through clenched teeth. I grinned at him taking his now exposed cock in my warm hand. "Don't you know that thieves are masters when it comes to patience?" I said then swirled my tongue over the head of his cock. "Let's see how patient you can be, thief." Before he could respond with coherent words, I took him deeply into my mouth letting the head hit the back of my throat then pulling away to swirl my tongue over the tip again and again. He sucked in a ragged breath when I changed tactics rather abruptly and sucked on the underside of his shafted while massaging his sack. "Please, I have to touch you." He groaned. "Na uh," I replied going back to the tip giving it a sweet kiss before standing up. He looked at me with wild eyes. I leaned down being mindful that we didn't touch