Chapter One "You seemed bothered by something today, Hermione, would you care to share?" "I...I don't know where to start." "From the beginning as always." Staring at the young therapist who sat across from her, she once again questioned what this woman could possibly know of war. She was a striking figure. Tall with long legs that made even her hip hugging pencil skirt look provocative. Hermione's eyes scanned from her crisp white shirt to her red stiletto heels, mentally calculating whether the blonde in front of her posed a threat. Each week she would evaluate the woman, or in Hermione's opinion, girl in front of her. The war had ended three years ago but her need for constant vigilance didn't. She felt Moody would be proud if he could see her now. After his death, she had taken his words even more seriously, bordering on paranoia. "They found my cousin." "Is that so?" Hermione felt the strong urge to reply sarcastically. She was told in her first meeting that those replies were nothing more than defensive walls and were unwelcome in this room. "Yes," she answered simply. "You didn't mention that you had a missing cousin." "It must have slipped my mind." With a sigh, Healer DuTell clicked her pen closed and rested her hands on her lap, atop a yellow paged notebook. In their first meeting Hermione had been comforted by the fact that woman was also Muggle-born. That was until she started using her pen to indicate her frustration. Then it just became another annoying factor in the room, much like the very loud ticking of the old wooden wall clock behind her. "Ms. Granger, I can only help you if you want to be helped. Within these walls, everything that you say stays between the two of us. I would appreciate it if you were honest with me; otherwise these meetings are nothing more than a waste of our time." For moments that felt like hours, there was a tense silence between the two. Talking about your feelings isn't something that's done in war; it's something that is dealt with afterwards. She had learned to build a wall around her emotions to help her deal with the stress of it all. At the time, it had worked great. Now, however, she found it almost impossible to bring down those walls. When she felt unable to grieve properly or feel any amount of real happiness, she began to take counseling sessions. "That's why I have stayed with the Order for so long. At first, everyone stayed. It was like it was a part of us. We were the Order and the Order was us. Then slowly people started to heal. Before, you were afraid to love, but now you allow yourself to let love back into your life. That's why there are so many weddings. You feel all the emotions that you pushed away return and it's so relieving. People started missing meetings, since there was not much to talk about besides vague death eater reports and missing persons. No one wanted to focus on what was still wrong with the world. They just wanted to move on. Eventually most stopped coming." A pregnant pause filled the air. In the year that Hermione had been going to these sessions, this was the most she had opened up. In this uncharted territory, there was no line of how far this would go or for how long it would last. "But you didn't." "No. The Order now consists of eight others and me. One thing keeps us tied together. We can't give up the hope that our lost love ones are waiting somewhere for us to rescue them." "Hope keeps you together then?" "That and the fear of giving up." The strained conversation once again stalled. It seemed neither wanted to push or pull too hard. "Were there others in your family missing?" "No. Which seemed odd at the time. She had been taken from her bed in the middle of the night. The rest of the house was left unharmed." "At the time? Does it make sense now?" "To her it does. I don't believe they were honest with her." "What was her place in all of this exactly?" "When Greyback and the scavengers had captured us and brought us back to Malfoy Manor he had a special interest in keeping me. Bellatrix had given him permission before we were rescued. I had thought it was because I was the only non-pureblood there, the only one he was allowed to have. Two days ago, the others had been on a rescue mission. I wasn't selected to go on this one. They found her and some other survivors in an old Lestrange residence. When I first saw her, I was so relieved. Then, she started yelling at me. She refused to let me touch her." Hermione's voice cracked slightly as her eyes filled with tears. She hastily wiped them away, ashamed of letting so much emotion show. The healer let a moment pass for Hermione to collect herself before she pushed the girl on, "Next session we will talk about your capture and your time in Malfoy Manor. We are making great progress today and I would like to continue with this topic. Tell me why you think she lashed out at you." "She told me why. Greyback had taken her because she smelled like me," Hermione answered. "Why do you think Greyback would be interested in your scent?" "She kept saying that he told her that I am his mate, and until he can have me she will act in my place. She hasn't talked to me yet. She screams at me regularly. She yells that it's my fault that she was raped, that he infected her; she even shouts out all the perverse things he told her. With all that she's screamed at me, she still just won't talk to me. I want to help her but she isn't letting me." "You don't believe this is correct?" the Healer asked. "I believe that Greyback had her captive. I believe she was raped and infected. I just don't believe her reasoning. I think they took her to mess with my mind. They told her all those things so that she would hate me and I would become paranoid. A last laugh of sorts. They wanted me looking over my shoulder for the rest of my life. The rest of it just doesn't make sense. If it were true, they would still have her or they would have me." "You are quite the logical person. Our hour has run its course. We will retouch some of this next time. In the meantime, try to be supportive for her but not invasive." With that being said, the healer walked Hermione to the building's door. Hermione's appointment had ended at ten that night as usual. With Hermione being a bit of a war celebrity, they had decided that it was best if her appointments were held after office hours. Walking out the door and down the front steps, Hermione did a sweep of her surroundings. Nothing seemed amiss. A street light half way between her and the Apparition point was out and two men were sitting on the steps two houses down having a cigarette. She crinkled her nose at the bad habit. Yawning, she began down the street. She was emotionally exhausted and physically tired from the long day at headquarters and her appointment with Healer DuTell. She was ready to climb into her warm bed and forget the day for a little while. After walking past the two men, who didn't so much as pause in their conversation, Hermione lost herself in reflection of what was said tonight and how to apply it tomorrow with Christine. Christine had a hard road in front of her. Being infected by a magical creature meant that she could not return to the Muggle world. However, surviving in a magical world as a Muggle was near impossible. Hermione intended to be there for her and help her through every speed bump she may hit. Getting her to trust her was the prob- Suddenly, a masculine arm wrapped around Hermione's arms and waist as a large hand tangled itself in her hair. Her heart started to race as she tried to think of all the options she had. She could see the Apparition point a mere ten feet in front of her. That seemed like the best choice. "I can almost hear the wheels turning in your head darling. Fighting will get you nowhere. I am bigger, stronger, faster and better at the chase than you are," the man said. "You won't believe me now, Hermione, but know that your survival depends on me. Come along like a good girl, love, and everything will be okay." Instantly she knew who was spewing this insanity. She would never forget his voice. Fenrir pulled her back against him, his larger frame swallowing hers. She struggled to free from his grasp just enough to reach her wand in her right robe pocket. Leaning down, he nestled his face against her neck and took a deep breath. "As perfect as I remember." Shocked out of her silence, Hermione started to scream. In her thrashing, she saw that there was a second man standing next to Fenrir. She felt dread hit her full force when she realized that these were the two men sitting on the stoop smoking. Tears started falling from her eyes when she realized that Moody wouldn't have been as proud of her as she had thought. She had seen the danger clear as day and dismissed it. That thought was more than she could take. Everything seemed too hard to take any more. Since she was an eleven-year-old girl, she was dragged into a war that was not hers to fight, a war that should have been over a generation earlier. As hard as she tried, she seemed to disappoint someone at every turn. Falling limp until she fell to her knees, Hermione started to beg. "Please just let me go. I won't tell anyone that I saw you. Please. My cousin needs me. She needs me. Please. I just want to go home." Fenrir who also had crouched down around her ran his fingers through her hair as he answered, "That's a relief, love. I am taking you home." "No. No, please. Just let me go. Please," Hermione begged. Fenrir's companion began to chuckle. "You can have the pick of the litter and you find a girl who begs not to be chosen. Up for a challenge in every department, Alpha?" His humor-filled tone sent a spike of fury through Hermione, and she realized that from her new position she could reach her wand. In a quick motion, she pulled it from her pocket, pointed it at the arm around her and shot off a Stupefy. As Fenrir fell the rest of the way to the ground unconscious, Hermione whirled on the man lunging at her. In the few panicked milliseconds since she stunned Greyback, advice that the Order had once given her came to the front of her mind: this is war not defense class and must be treated as such. In her panicked state, Hermione shot off the only curse that she could think of. The man fell to the ground screaming as her Crucio hit him. She stood there in shock for several scream-filled moments before her mind wrapped around what was happening. Dropping her curse, she ran towards the Apparition point. She was only ten feet away...seven...four...then, with a powerful force she fell to the ground, a large body falling on top of hers. She wanted to scream, cry, and fight; but with the wind knocked out of her and pain racing through her body, all she could do was lay at the mercy of the man on top of