Hurt A Lord of The Rings Fanfic Disclaimer: I do not own LOTR I only own this story, and I don't know if they had guitars back then and I couldn't think of another instrument similar from that time so please don't be too harsh. Warning: There is self-loathing and depression in this story, also mentions of self harm, eating disorder…sort of, and suicide Frodo sighed as he walked up to his home. He was alone, as he was most of the time these days. He didn't bother turning around at the laughter coming from the bar. All he ever felt there anymore was the sadness that seemed to envelope him more and more every day. His friends had all seemed to start these new lives he wasn't part of. Sam had gotten married (this one hurt him more than anything), Mary and Pippin had seemed to connect in this secret way that no one else seemed to understand. Gandalph was constantly helping Aragorn and Aragorn had Arwin. Legolas and Gimili constantly were at Aragorn's side. Frodo had thought about volunteering as a knight or something of the sort just for a change of scenery but to no avail. They only told him that he needed time off after all he had been through. He knew the real reason was they didn't want him there….no one wanted him. Frodo held back tears as he picked up his guitar. He started playing the first melody that came to mind. Just letting the words flow from his lips. I hurt myself today To see if I still feel I focus on the pain The only thing that's real The needle tears a hole The old familiar sting Try to kill it all away But I remember everything Frodo glanced down smiling bitterly at the lines that ran up his arm. No one knew what he did to himself, but then again no one really cared. Frodo continued on letting the words flow as the feelings that were behind his words caught up with him, making his voice louder. What have I become My sweetest friend Everyone I know goes away in the end And you could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt. Meanwhile… Sam was laughing as he talked with Mary and Pippin. They were all walking back to their homes when they had noticed Frodo's lights at his house were still on. "Why don't we go check on him? I've been worried about him…he's different. He doesn't smile like he used to. He doesn't even bother talking anymore. He leaves places so early it's like he doesn't want anyone around." Mary and Pippin nodded "We've both noticed too. He seems so different. I know he went through a lot but I'm not sure that's what this is." They all smiled deciding to go and make this visit worthwhile. They would make Frodo smile again! As they came closer Sam stopped frowning. He turned from the door heading to the window. "Do you hear that?" The cousins nodded following Sam to the window just as curious as he was. There they saw Frodo playing his guitar, tears flowed from his eyes. The pain was evident on his face and the concern they had for the friend increased tenfold at that moment. The words coming out of his mouth only made what they felt worse. I wear this crown of thorns Upon my liars chair Full of broken thoughts I cannot repair Beneath the stains of time The feelings disappear You are someone else I am still right here What have I become! My sweetest friend? Everyone I know Goes away in the end Sam turned to Mary and Pippin behind him looking confused and worried. What was Frodo talking about? What were so bad about his thoughts? Why didn't he ask for help? What did he mean they were other people now? Had they changed that much? Had they hurt him so bad? Had they left him? And you could have it all My empire of dirt I will let you down I will make you hurt! If I could start again! A million miles away I would keep myself I would find A way… Sam didn't turn to face the boys behind him as the tears fell freely. Nor did he try to wipe them away. Frodo, by the end, looked so dead. Emotion was gone from his face leaving it a blank canvas. While it was blank there was also something hidden inside him. Something that seemed so dark and destroyed. Sam didn't understand! None of them did! Frodo was a hero to everyone. What did he mean he had let them down? The tears had dried onto Frodo's face, looking so very odd on his emotionless face. Making him look incapable of crying. He sniffled just staring at nothing. He sat there for what felt like a century before moving to put his guitar against the wall and walking to his room. Sam turned to the boys everyone understood. Something had to be done. The Next Morning Frodo woke up. For some reason no matter how much sleep he got it was never enough. He felt exhausted constantly. He didn't dream anymore. He had nightmares sometimes that left him screaming and jumping up from his bed covered in sweat. Today though he just didn't feel any fear. He felt nothing. It was becoming a normal feeling as time went on. He got up slowly walking to his kitchen. He opened his counters looking at everything. He made a bowl of oatmeal taking a bite before realizing he didn't see a point in eating it. He left it there seeing no point in moving it. He walked to Bilbo's office. Bilbo, who wasn't here anymore, had left. Most likely because he couldn't stand being around Frodo. Then again who could? The thought only further depressed Frodo. He sat down on his couch curling up and facing the back of the couch. There was nothing else to look at anyway… Sam's house Sam looked at the group of people before him determinedly. Everyone was there. The entire Fellowship. They were all here because Sam had sent for them as soon as they had left Frodo's house. He hadn't said what it was about only that it was urgent. "Sam it's very good to see you." Gandalf said as he came into the house. He sat down beside Gimili. "Sam, while I'm very happy you called for us, I am curious to why we're here. Though I will gladly stay as long as you'd like." Aragorn said along with Gimili and Legolas who laughed nodding in agreement. Of course they all turned serious when they looked to the usually light hearted Sam whose lips were in a firm line and worry shown in his eyes. The group looked around and their concern only became heavier when neither Mary nor Pippin cracked a smile. "Sam what's wrong?" Legolas asked, making eye contact with Sam… "Something's wrong with Frodo." Sam looked at the group sadness evident in his eyes. "What's wrong with him! Where is he?" Gimili asked suddenly concerned for the young Hobbit he had come to consider a close friend. "He's not physically injured. There's something wrong with him though! You should have heard the stuff he was saying last night. And he's been acting so different. We're worried about him." The group looked confused. "What was he saying last night? "It was a confused Aragorn who asked. Marry spoke up seeing as Sam didn't really know how or want to explain it. "It was the saddest song I've ever heard. He seemed so…dead. I've never seen someone like that. Especially not Frodo! It was like there was nothing in him." Everyone thought about what could possibly be wrong with him. Everyone finally looked to Gandalf who had a look of sadness on his face. "Gandalf do you know what this is?" Sam asked desperate to help his friend. Gandalf looked up meeting the eyes of everyone in that room that cared for Frodo. "Aye, but unfortunately this isn't something we can just cure." Everyone looked confused and worry edged its way onto all their faces. "What can we do then? How do we help Frodo?" Aragorn finally asked after everyone pondered what Gandalf had said. "Well I can tell you know it won't be easy. I'd have to see for myself but I'd have to say that Frodo's condition is rare now but at a certain time when I was younger it was more common. I had a friend similar to Frodo. Someone who was happy-go-lucky and then suddenly he changed." Gandalf seemed to go off into a memory. Everyone wanted to hear the rest and finally Gimili got too impatient to wait. "Well what happened?" Gandalf looked to the group, remorse filling his once happy eyes. "He died." A chill was sent down everyone's spines at the sentence. The idea of a life where Frodo didn't exist saddened each and every one of them in their own personal way. "How did he die?" Legolas asked hesitant to hear the answer. "He killed himself. Jumped into a volcano…the same one Frodo threw the ring into. Mt Doom." "Do you think there's some connection?" Pippin asked. His concern for his friend no longer just concern but mixed with fear. "I do not know. I only hope we can help him." Frodo's House Frodo sighed finally starting to feel his muscles ach from staying in the same position for so long. He wasn't really sure how long he had been on the couch but he knew from how low the sun was getting it had been a good six hours. Since he found no reason to get up he closed his eyes preparing for more sleep that would make him feel no less relieved. His eyes snapped open though when he heard the knock on his door. Curiosity to who would actually visit him won over his exhaustion. He went over to the door. "Who is it?" "Just a few old friends." Frodo's eyes widened hearing a very familiar voice. He opened the door looking at the entire group of his friends he had gone on his adventure with. "Gandalf, Legolas, Aragorn, Gimili what are you all doing here!" He exclaimed throwing his arms around the group. "Just seeing our old friends. Life in Riverwood has become much too boring recently." Aragorn spoke laughing as he hugged his friend tight. In truth the entire group had missed the hobbits and had wanted to come see them for some time. Sam's call just made the want more apparent. Frodo smiled happily at the group. "It is so good to see all of you! Do come in, don't mind the mess." Everyone ignored it smiling at the bright smile that appeared on Frodo's face. He led them into the kitchen where they all took seats at his table. "Would you all like anything to eat? I'll make something if you'd like." Sam grew eager at the moment. "Could you make that broccoli soup with the fish you used to make! I haven't had it in so long." Frodo smiled at Sam's eagerness, nodding before getting to work on dinner for his friends. Everyone watched and helped him cook for an hour or so before everything was ready and they were just sitting around waiting for the soup to finish cooking. "So how is everything in Riverwood?" Frodo asked genuinely curious about the kingdom his friend happened to rule. Aragorn shrugged. "It is alright I suppose. Being a King is difficult and stressful but at the end of the day I'm glad everyone's safe and happy." He smiled thinking of all of the people he had helped over time. "And how is Arwin?" Frodo asked politely even though he had never really known the elf.