Today was my first day at forks high. I wasn't exactly gung hoe about it either. I'd rather be home in phoenix at school, but mom got married to a younger man, which I have no idea what entered her mind to do so but not my business...maybe he made her feel young and beautiful again? Today was my first day as the new kid at a school which only held a couple hundred students. News would spread about me like wild fire, and by lunch time I'm sure the whole grade would know about me, if not the entire school. So, really what I'm trying to say is, I'm stuck in a town named after eating utensils that never stops pissing outside with a bunch of small hick town people. Oh joy. I glared out the windshield of my father's police cruiser. Not only was I going to an small town school where everyone would know of my arrival regardless, they would also know I arrived in a police car. Mother hell... "Really dad, I would rather have walked instead of being driven in this" I grumbled. "Non-sense. I have to register you" He stated. I only sunk lower in the leather seat, willing it to let me merge with it. "Yes, because this is so inconspicuous" I groaned when I saw a red brick building come into view. Teenagers were everywhere in the parking lot, getting out of rusty old beat up vehicles, leaning against cars while chatting with their group of friends. As soon as my dad pulled into the school parking lot, heads turned to watch as my dad parked. Their eyes stalked us as we got out. Everyone began whispering to to their friends as my dad left me behind. Cursing under my breathe I grabbed my bag and threw the hood of my hoodie over my head, then walked briskly to the doors to follow my father. The inside looked normal enough...with a tad too many cheery posters but that I could easily ignore. Although the cheery middle aged woman enthusiactally promoting safe sex was slightly humourous. Up further down the hall I saw my dad make a right and I jogged to catch up with him, so I wouldn't get lost. Well, I lost him anyway, after about five minutes of searching for the main office. And my awesome tracking abilities found it, and not because of the huge sign that said "MAIN OFFICE" either... I opened the door and walked into the stuff office, where a bright Red headed woman was trying to flirt with my dad. Gross. And desperate. She was laughing at whatever he was saying, which I know she was only doing to try to be charming, because my dad is not funny. He does knock knock jokes... "Dad?" I called. He turned to me and smiled then turned to miss laugh-a lot to introduce me. "This is my daughter Bella" He stated somewhat proudly. "It's nice to finally meet you Bella. I've heard so much about you" She smiled. "Oh that's lovely" I said then smiled sweetly. It was totally sarcastic but she didn't seem to notice but Charlie did, I could tell by the sharp look he shot at me. "Here's your schedule Bella. I hope to see you around and hope you have a great year here at Forks high" She grinned. "Thank you" I smiled and took the paper from her. I looked at my schedule and saw I had math...just great, math first thing in the morning. This place was already trying to kill me. "Well, I'm off" I saluted them and walked out the door. After some difficulty finding my class room I found it, entered and it was like someone flipped a switch. Conversations died down, as everyone turned to watch me. Some whispers could be heard. I looked at the teacher. "I'm new and this is my first class I guess" I shrugged. The teacher nodded, stood up and took my schedule, scanned it nodding once again then handed it back, and went back to his seat to sit down. And the point of that was? "Would you like to introduce yourself?" He asked. I cringed and looked back at the class as they stared back expectantly. "Um...Name's Bella, from Arizona and...That's about it" I said then turned back to the teacher. "Take a seat at the desk close to the back Bella" He nodded in the supposed direction of said desk. I nodded, scurring to the seat and plopped right down, looking up to see people turned in their seats, not even bothering to hide that they were looking at me. A girl giggled faintly. I glowered at them. They quickly turned away. The teacher began to drone on and on about stuff I couldn't bring myself to care about. Although I'm sure it's life saving knowledge. I could already tell this class was going to be torture. I was going to hate it with the very essence of my soul. I already decided it. It was going to happen. I could already feel my essence turn with hatred for this class. An hour too long later the bell finally rang. I did a mental fist pump as I looked at my schedule, seeing I had English next. I got up, gathered my bag and rushed out of the class so I had more time to get to class. As soon as I emerged into the hall, other kids poured out of the other class rooms. The noise level in the hall skyrocketed with laughter and shouts. I weaved my way through the lively kids that were quickly visiting between classes. I read all the signs posted in the halls. I noticed I was in the English wing. Ha! Room 204. My English class. I walked in, thinking I'd be the first one that is until I saw the most gorgeous boy I'd ever had the blessing of laying my eyes on. He had gold color hair that curled gently and framed his face in the most enticing way. His eyes were big and expressive with the most unique pale blue- silver color I've ever seen. His lips were perfectly bowed shape and full. His jawline chiseled, yet delicate enough that he wasn't to rugged looking. This boy was God's gift to earth. And he was sitting in one of the desks in the front, looking down at his phone. His strong hands moving with graceful speed as he texted. "Can I help you?" I heard a feminine voice call out. A dark haired lady smiled at me from her desk. She held a pile of papers in her hands. "Oh um, I'm new. My name's Bella and this is my next class" I said to her while sneaking a glance at the boy who was now looking up at the clock, his fingertips absently drumming a rhythm. "Well hello Bella. It's nice to meet you and I'm happy to be having you in my class. You may have a seat next to Jasper" She smiled, pointing to the seat on the right of the beautiful boy. I did a little mental happy dance as I made my way over to my appointed seat. Now he looked over, watching as I sat down. I smiled at him. "Hi, I'm Bella" I introduced myself. He tilted his head. His brow rose slightly as the corner of his lips quirked. "Oh Bella..." I heard my teacher call out. I looked up and she looked apologetic. "I forgot to tell you..." she started but then a bunch of teenage boys entered while horsing around, effectively drowning out her voice. I glanced back at the boy and he was staring blankly ahead. A few more students entered as the bell ring shrilly. They talked among themselves as they carelessly threw their bags on the ground by their Chosen seats. A few boys laughed obnoxiously among themselves. The teacher made her way up to the front and started to get everyone's attention. Everyone finally calmed down and listened to her while she talked. "Everybody we have a new student. Her name is Bella. So please make her feel welcome" She smiled sweetly. The whole class said "Hi Bella", minus Jasper. Satisfied, the teacher went on with her lesson. She was just doing a review, stuff I learned awhile ago. So my mind drifted as she spoke. I looked over at Jasper and he seemed to be really concentrating on the lesson. He even wrote notes as the teacher droned on about the different types of conflict that can occur in a story. Finally after another hour of glancing over at Jasper, and seeing him each time with that focused look the bell rang. I looked at my schedule and saw we actually now had lunch. Well, that was different. I got up, gathered all my stuff and was about to leave when- "Bella, can I talk to you for a moment?" My teacher called. "Oh, yeah sure" I said, walking over to her desk. "I forgot to tell you earlier. Jasper is deaf" She stated softly. "Deaf?" I repeated slowly. "Yes Bella. He can't hear at all" She said solemnly. "But he can read lips very well" She added. "I suppose he would have to, to be able to take these classes. But also, if he's dead, why doesn't he have a helped assigned to him. I know some kids who were hard of hearing had their own EA" I asked. "This is a small town, with a small school. I would be hard to get that resource for him. We've decided it be best just to have a resource period to help him stay on top of his classes. It is better then having nothing." She explained. "Now I don't want to keep you from your lunch Bella." She smiled and shooed me away playfully. I already could tell she was going to be one of my favourite teachers here. He was deaf... That poor boy. I couldn't fathom not being able to hear music, or even the simple sounds we take advantage of each and every day. The wind rushing through the leaves. Or the trickling water of a creek. Or exclusive to forks, the pitter patter of rainfall... My thoughts came to a halt as I reached the cafeteria. I entered seeing tables full of people conversing happily and animatedly. I sighed, going to the buffet style thing and grabbed an apple and yogurt, not in the mood for something big and turned, scanning the room for any empty seats. Deciding to eat outside, I made my way to the door when someone called my name. "You're Bella right?" I heard a male name call out. I felt like saying "No it's Judy" with an eye role but I contained myself...barely. "Yup that's me" I said to a blonde boy. He had a roundish face. Just coming into puberty probably. Poor late bloomer. "I'm Mike; would you like to sit with us?" He asked as he motioned to the table, and there was indeed a seat empty. "Oh sure. Thank you" I said as I sat down. I looked at everyone around the table. There was a dark haired girl with glasses sitting next to a boy with oil black hair, who had his arm around her. Then there was a light brown haired girl with a head band on and hazel eyes that looked liked she was critiquing me. "That's Angela and Eric, then she is Jessica" He said as he pointed to each one. "Hello" I greeted them softly. Jessica gave a half smile and Angela smiled shyly while Eric openly grinned. "So, you're from Arizona?" Angela asked. "That I am" I nodded. "Aren't people from Arizona supposed to be like, tan?" Jessica asked. "Yeah, I'm a proud misfit. Hardcore I tell you" I told her seriously. She obviously couldn't