Princess of the Sea By: CyanideMuffins7 Chapter 1: Reaping Day Un average girl, Pandora Marshall, is an outcast in her District. She has no friends and spends her time collecting random things on the beach or in the marshes. When she becomes a Tribute in the Hunger Games, she can't help but think she has been led to her doom. But will Pandora follow the rest of the Tributes to death, or will she have to sacrifice everything she believes in to win? Author's Note: Hello fellow Hunger Games readers. I loved the Hunger Games trilogy (mainly the first book), and I had a itching to start a fan fiction while I've been having technical difficulties with another story I was writing. I hope you enjoy the first chapter and please leave a review! Disclaimer: I own nothing of the Hunger Games, the trilogy or any of the characters Suzanne Collins has created. I only take credit for the characters I have created and the plot I have made. I squatted in the foot deep lake with my hands swirling around the small pebbles. My hopes were to find something of interest like I always do when I go out to the marshes. I'm kind of a hoarder. But so far, it's slim pickings today. I wanted to get my mind off today, the day where I might get picked out of the hundreds of kids in my District. The day where I might be reaped from District 4. I have always hated the Hunger Games and how they just pluck us from the dumps we live in and pit us against the other children who were picked. And to think it's all meant for entertainment for the Capitol. It was just sick to me. The odds were never in our favor. I've always seen on the Games, District 4 was a part of the Careers, double crossing when they could. Being from a richer District, we can get training for the Games so when we reach twelve, our odds will be increased. When I was young I was trained for a short period of time. My mother taught me how to make leather, and skin animals. My father taught me how to catch fish and make knots. The only weapon I was trained in was how to use a trident, and that was only to catch fish. But my mother had stopped my training pretty much after that. Afterwards she had put me in dancing lessons. It was an odd switch, but I thank my mother for her choice. I slowly stand up, feeling my back ache as I pick up my bucket. I walk to the edge of the lake and pick up my old steel toed combat boots as I headed out. The lake wasn't far from my home, so when I began to see a fence, I find the blind spot that I always enter through. When I came to the fence, I first decide to check if the Peacemakers decided to turn on the fence. I scanned the area around my bare feet for something heavy I can throw, like a branch. I wasn't able to find one so I decided to take a chance and slipped right through the opening. I was led right into my backyard. The dirt had liquefied into pulpy puddles of mud practically everywhere. The last couple of times I came through here, I always slip because I'm always in a hurry. So today I keep my steps light and steady in my bare feet. I felt the cool mud in between my toes, I always loved the mud. My feet were hardened after so much I put them through, so the rough earth could not even scrape the skin. I place the bucket and my boots on top of the deck and I climb through the opening through the railings to get on top of the patio. Once I begin to get on my feet, the screen door opened and my little sister was staring at me. She was wearing her powder blue dress that reached to her knees while the sleeves puffed slightly up on the shoulders. It was my old dress I used to wear on this day. She looked down at my feet then back at my face. "Put on your shoes! It's the Reaping Day!" My little sister, Valentine. Valentine was really pretty, and everyone knew it. She had pale skin and sand colored hair that curled past her chest with silver eyes like diamonds. Boys her age are always swooning over her, even at the age of fifteen. Valentine is like most girls though. She gets herself mixed in with what girls loved to do which is talk about boys, clothes, cute things and such. I look nothing like Valentine though. I have short rust colored hair that melded around my jawline midway down my neck, with mint green eyes and tanner skin then her since I'm always outside. Unlike Valentine, I'm not like most girls. I talk about the things I find and make them into, fishing, and much more. Girls are creeped out by me so I really have no friends that are girls. With guys, it's pretty much the same thing. So all around, I don't really get along with people. "Relax, it's not like my feet will be the center of attention." I say sarcastically while I roll my eyes. I pass by her with my bucket and boots in each hand as I enter our shack. I see my Dad sitting at our wooden dining table while his hands were folded on the table. Our Dad is a sea captain, still working for the food. He's rather intimidating at first, but once you get to know him he's a sensitive, sweet man. Very few people experience this. His eyes move to me with a smile. "You should get ready." He said, "The faster you get there, the faster this ridiculous Reaping can be over." I smile back to agree with my father. I place my boots by the door and place the bucket on the table. Valentine then led me to our room where she already picked a dress out for me. The dress was the same style dress as hers but this one was the color of the sea foam that floats ashore, and it looked fresher, like it hasn't been worn. "Where did you get this one?" I ask as I let my fingers feel the soft material of the sleeves. "I made it." She responded with pride. "Only you would make me wear such an ugly color, Val." I say with a smile as I look over my shoulder to her. Valentine just placed her hands on her hips and stuck her tongue out at me. I laugh as she began to leave the room for me to change. I take off my dark colored pants, then my striped shirt and tossed it on my bed. I then take the dress and slipped it over my slender body, put one arm in at a time. Once I put it over my head, it fit. I wondered how Valentine knew my size, but I decided not to question it. It was a beautiful dress, but if it was a different color, I would have liked it better. I kind of looked like a rusted boat that floated ashore. I then slipped on my white heelless shoes that I've been wearing for the Reaping since I was Valentine's age. I head over to the window and opened the drapes to let the light in. Our house was part of a small neighborhood near the wharf. Even though our father was a sea Captain, we still didn't have enough money like some in our District. I remember when I was little I would play in these streets with Valentine and my two older brothers, Evan and Ian. We would play hide and seek, or catch the fish together when Dad was out fishing. I know it was so long ago, but it had only felt a few months ago. Valentine came in and stood behind me. I turned around and smiled. I grabbed her hand and began to pull her towards the door until I noticed that she wasn't moving. "Are you scared?" She muttered softly, "You've always been cheery on Reaping. I try to be calm like you on this day, but I just can't. I sometimes wonder, aren't you scared?" I kept my hand and eyes on the doorknob. Of course I'm scared, I've always been scared. I sometimes want to run and hide under the house and never come out. When I think about the Reaping, I just want to rip out my hair or scream at the top of my lungs how I hate it. But I learned from Evans and Ian that I need to stay strong for the people who are worried. I turn to my bed and let go of Valentine's hand. I walked over to my bed, pulled out an old box from under my bed and placed it on top. I removed the cover for the box and rummaged through the charms I had made and found the one. It was a bracelet that was a thin metal circle with small fragments of seashells attached to it. The position of the fragments was organized in a way if it were in the sunlight; it would shimmer like it was made from a dozen jewels. The circle was then attached by a light blue string to hold it together. I quickly rush to Valentine who was looking at me confused. I then show her the charm. "I made it a while ago when you were twelve. I was meaning to give it to you then, but I couldn't find it." I said as I began to tie the charm around her right wrist. When I was done, I looked into her amazed eyes as she stared at the charm. Her eyes then looked up to me and I smiled. "If we ever part, the odds will forever be in your favor." I say to reassure her. Valentine then pulled me in for warm embrace. She held me tight while I wrapped my arms around her and held on tight. We then released each other and giggled. She then pointed at my chest. "Are you going to wear that?" I looked down at my necklace. It was an intact light pink seashell attached with a sand colored string that hung around my neck. This was actually the first thing I ever made. During one festival when I was about six, I was mad at Evan since he doubted that Dad would come back from fishing since it was stormy out at the sea. So I ran to the beach to get away from him. I sat on the cold sand wearing only a white pinafore dress while the cold bit away at my skin. I grumbled to myself and watched the sea hoping Dad would come back and prove Evan wrong. But while I was waiting I was playing with the sand and noticed the seashell. I had picked it out noticed how intact it was. I had placed it in the pocket of my pinafore for later. When we returned home, I found some string and attached the seashell to it. When Dad came home, I gave it to him as a charm for safe trips. Every trip he went, I would give it to him and after each trip he gave it to me to wear. Yesterday I was going to give it to him since he said he was going on a big fishing trip this year but he told me to keep it. "Of course! I need to have some piece of my work with me at all times!" I say cheerfully as I turned to the door.