When Time Wept Chapter One: The Unanticipated Journey .~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~.~. The first thing that came to mind was the terrifying feeling of being submerged underwater. Contrary to what they told Harry in their fourth year, Hermione and Ron were very much conscious when they were beneath the Black Lake during the second task of the Tri-wizard Tournament. After some debate, they agreed to never speak a word of their consciousness to anyone. Although, Hermione decided to send an anonymous owl to the Headmaster after the tournament was over. In it, she implored him to fully examine all the problems that could arise in such a dangerous situation. Before the task however, Professor Dumbledore insisted that they drink various potions brewed by Professor Snape to increase blood flow without oxygenation, a sizable calming draught for their frayed nerves and a paralytic that would keep them in place until their champion came to the rescue. Meanwhile, Professor Flitwick spent an hour on each of their lungs -taking eight hours, respectfully- to ensure that they could hold their breath underwater for hours without any extensive cognitive damage. Then there was the sealing of her eyes, nose, and mouth. This was by far the most frightening part of the whole ordeal because it was like being vacuum-sealed. Dumbledore ordered the three teenagers and the young French eleven year-old to close their eyes and try to relax. The next thing they knew their eyelids felt like they had 10 pound weights on them, their noses ceased to work and their mouths only let in the smallest bit of air through a tiny slit in their lips. It wasn't long before Hermione was lost to the darkness. She didn't know how long she was out, but the next thing she remembered was being handed over to the Merpeople. They had roughly dragged her to a wooden post and tied her tightly around the waist. That was when Hermione made the horrifying discovery that she was still conscious. She could not scream. She could not move. She could not see. The only thing she was capable of was thinking, something Hermione was rather good at. Her brain had gotten Harry, Ron and herself out of countless scrapes in the past. However, at that moment, the young woman wanted to Stupefy herself. Her mind went into overdrive trying to find an escape route. Unfortunately, the Headmaster's plan was foolproof. She was stuck until her champion came to save her. Hermione's body was numb. Whether from the cold of the lake or the aforementioned paralytic -she wasn't sure. When Krum finally saved her, she was ecstatic. Her joints and muscles were stiff from disuse, and it felt good to stretch them again. If she ever had to swim in the Black Lake again, it'd be too soon. None of the professors took into account the psychological effects that the task would have on the hostages. Hermione became very good at Silencing Charms as she woke up with nightmares every night until the end of the school year. After the third task, they morphed into a serpentine creature with red eyes who wanted to kill or enslave all of her kind: the muggles and muggleborns. To be fair, Professor Dumbledore -even in his infinite wisdom and power- had never been under that particular set of arduous circumstances. He couldn't have. Otherwise, he'd never have thrown his students in the Black Lake, let alone a very young one from a neighboring school. Therefore, he'd certainly have no idea what would happen to a witch or wizard who was shoved underwater for over an hour -unable to do anything. He took the letter she sent surprisingly well. Then again, Professor Dumbledore did have quite a bit on his mind when Harry revealed that You-Know-Who had returned whilst sobbing over Cedric's dead body. But that predicament was neither here nor there. Suffice to say, she utterly hated this feeling of helplessness. However, her current situation was simultaneously different; it almost felt like a kind of smothering protection -a cocoon, for lack of a better term. Whatever the cause, it was an energy that she'd never felt before. Her body felt too weak. Her mind was too sluggish -in fact, it was rolling around from topic to topic like a game of pinball. Unfortunately, Hermione wasn't a fast-paced player at the moment. No, she missed the shiny ball on each shot. The young witch could hear faint murmurs which caused the room to echo slightly, but could not distinguish one voice from another nor what they were talking about. Hermione had a feeling that she'd been, wherever she was, for a while but had no clue as to how long. For all she knew, she could've only been there an hour or two. Mentally, she began to backtrack in an attempt to figure out what happened to her. She remembered the Final Battle. Finding the last Horcruxes. Kissing Ron when he mentioned the House Elves' safety. Fred's corpse. Professor Snape dying in the Shrieking Shack. Harry's discovery which led him to confront Voldemort in the Forbidden Forest which -in turn- caused him to fake his demise. Neville killing Nagini. Then, finally, Harry destroying Voldemort. Hermione vaguely recalled congratulating Harry, and the collective sigh of relief from everyone in the Great Hall. And that was the extent of her knowledge -her mind was just blank . She reflected that the Death Eaters were still very much a threat in the wizarding world. Even with their Lord defeated, there was a good chance that she'd be targeted for the part she took in aiding his end. Hermione was shocked out of her reverie when someone placed a hand on her right arm. She desperately wanted the person to remove it. Before the war, she would have seen this as a small act of kindness. Now, after everything she'd been through, even the slightest physical contact made her want to scream. When the hand moved she felt like she could breathe again, "Was that..?" A high pitch voice asked. There was a short pause before a lower voice said, "If you can hear me, you have nothing to fear." She wanted to believe him, but experience told her not to trust so easily, Xenophilius Lovegood being the prime example in that respect. After a beat of silence the man spoke again, "Do what you can, Poppy. Please send word when she wakes up." Hermione's mind slowly began to sharpen. She rationalized that she must be at Hogwarts if Madam Pomfrey was there. The young witch instantly felt better. She was just in the infirmary. There was nothing to worry about. Her mind suddenly flashed to the sight of the Hospital Wing engulfed in flames its beautiful windows melting with the heat. How could she be at Hogwarts if it was torn apart? It was possible that she could be at St. Mungo's. The mediwitch may have offered to help there after her stores and beds were burned. It was completely plausible. With the problem solved for the moment, the witch willingly welcomed the all-encompassing blackness which pulled her into unconsciousness. The next time Hermione woke up she felt decidedly less groggy. She didn't know what to expect from her body yet, but she knew moving was essential to recovery. Without opening her eyes, she started by moving her fingers and toes. They cracked painfully as the sore muscles flexed and extended. When they checked out, she moved on to her wrists and ankles. A short time later, she heard footsteps and a soft gasp as someone rushed over to her, "Are you awake?" Madam Pomfrey asked. Hermione struggled to pull up her Occlumency shields and slowly opened her eyes. The effect was blurry which was made worse by a light flashing across them. She groaned and weakly tried to push the infernal wand away. Her entire body ached and she slumped heavily into the bed. "Your pupils are reactive. That's a good sign." She walked off for a moment and had a glass of water in her hand when she came back. Hermione blinked a few times and looked around the room. Her brow furrowed. She was in the Hospital Wing. There was a curtain that blocked her on each side, but she'd know the ceiling and walls anywhere. She tried to sit up and Madam Pomfrey pushed her back down with a hand. "Don't get up yet. You've been through quite a scrape. Can you tell me your name?" "'mione." She croaked with a small cough. The Mediwitch brought the glass to her lips and urged her to sip. Hermione smiled weakly, "It's Hermione." Madam Pomfrey smiled encouragingly, "Good. Now, do you remember what happened?" "The battle, of course." She answered, "How are Harry and Ron? Were they hurt badly?" It was then that Hermione noted that it was dead silent. Even with all the injured people -perhaps especially with all the injured people- the Hospital Wing should've been laced with moaning patients. "Where is everyone?" She asked, looking toward the Mediwitch. The witch's eyebrows pulled together, "I'm not sure I follow. You were the only one hurt. Unless you were traveling with others. Could they still be out there? How many of your friends were attacked?" She asked worriedly and looked out the floor to ceiling window. Hermione gave her a confused look, "What do you mean? Last I saw, Neville had a huge gash on his forehead. There were hundreds of us, surely you remember." Madam Pomfrey looked back to Hermione and shook her head, "Hundreds? No, that must be an exaggeration. I'm sorry, my dear, but I have no idea where your friends are. Rest assured we'll find them if they're out there. Now, if you would let me examine you to assess the rest of the damage, I'd greatly appreciate it." The Mediwitch moved to take her pulse when Hermione stubbornly pulled away, "How can you remain so calm? We have to find them! Something terrible could have happened! What if they were captured?" Hermione sat up, ignoring Pomfrey's protests. She closed her eyes at the wave of vertigo that followed and determinedly placed her feet on the cool stone. Before she could test the strength of her legs, the door to the Hospital Wing opened, "Poppy, we've just finished. How's our Jane Doe?" The man chuckled to himself. She knew that voice. His shadow cast over the curtain. It had to be him, but also couldn't be him. He fell. Harry saw it. He witnessed Professor Snape do it. The body was practically on display for the whole school to see. The white curtain was pulled back by none other than Professor Dumbledore. He looked rather well for a corpse. She'd go so far as to call him youthful if he didn't have a white beard. Although, it was shorter than the last time she'd seen it. Hermione stared at him with wide eyes, "I see that she is very much awake." His eyes twinkled after he paused for a moment, "And without words, for that matter." He smiled and sat in the chair in front of her. "How are you feeling?" The healer cleared her throat, "If you won't be needing me Headmaster, I would like to inventory our stocks to make sure Horace brews what we need until the end of the year. Don't stay too long. She needs her rest." She said sternly. At Dumbledore's nod, she left them. There was a pregnant pause before he spoke, "You know, a conversation is normally held when two people discuss a mutual topic of interest. That being said, I have had my fair share of conversations with myself over the years. That's how I figured out what my lynx was going to be called. It wasn't long afterwards that I realized Coronel Gustavsson was not the best choice for a house pet, but that's another story entirely." Despite herself, Hermione smiled.