The Long Vacation A work of Harry Potter fanfiction by nightelf. All Harry Potter characters created by J.K. Rowling; all other original characters created by nightelf. All rights reserved. I ask that you not post any part of this work in any other location without permission. One last note: It's marked as mature for Death Eater Reasons. If you're not mature, please don't read. They'd tried everything. They'd lost. Harry Potter looked at the dingy apartment that had become their hiding place, trying desperately not to let the tears show. They'd tried everything. They'd hunted for the damn horcruxes; even destroyed most of them, at least as far as they could tell. Hufflepuff's Cup was taken care of; they'd even sneaked into Hogwarts to destroy Ravenclaw's Diadem. Unfortunately, they didn't have any resources left. Voldemort had come into the open, cracking down on families that had opposed him. The result was a political landscape much changed. There were no 'light' families anymore; all of the families that had stood against Voldemort had either fled or died. The opposition was on the run; any resistance was being hunted down. Which just left him and Hermione as the only two left. To make matters worse for them, the bastards had even given the Prime Minister the imperius. As a result, Muggle Britain now viewed the pair as Public Enemies Number 1 and 1A. There was no place left for them to go; if they showed themselves anywhere, they would be recognized. Their last three food runs had been under the shadow of the invisibility cloak – and they knew both of them couldn't make it out of Britain under the cloak. Which left this one abandoned apartment building – one small bit of earth. They were tired, they were frustrated… and their time was done. They'd fought their war, and they'd lost – badly. "So… what do we do now?" Hermione asked. Harry took a deep breath. There was really only one thing left to do. After a moment, he walked over to his bag, pulled out his invisibility cloak, and handed the silvery material to her. "Go back to your family, Hermione." His eyes were moist with unshed tears. "Go back to your life." She blinked. "W-what?" He swallowed; it took every effort to keep from crying. "You can get out, Hermione. Follow your parents to Australia; make a new life for yourself." He bit his lip, tasting the metallic tang of blood. "Please, Hermione. Take it. Get out of here. Forget Magical Britain ever existed." He shuddered. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry." Something flared in Hermione's eyes at the words. "Oh, no you don't! You listen to me, Harry James Potter! I chose to fight them! I chose to help you out! No one made me; no one twisted my arm; no one ordered me to fight. I did it because it was the right thing to do." Her gaze softened. "Ron and I knew what we were getting into. We knew there might be a price to pay. And we would have paid it again – a hundred times over." A heavy silence hung over the two for what seemed an eternity. Harry couldn't say anything. He'd gotten his best friends killed; what could he say that could make it all better? After a moment, Hermione sat up, startled. "Harry?" Harry blinked at Hermione's voice. "Yes, Hermione?" Hermione tilted her head to one side. "Did you ever want a life that was… I don't know… normal? Away from Dark Lords and Snatchers and Death Eaters?" Harry smiled wistfully. "All the time, Hermione. All the time." Hermione took a deep breath. Harry's eyes widened at her expression. He knew that look in her eyes – that wide-eyed, seeing-everything stare. It was the look she got when she was trying to work through a difficult problem – and approaching a solution. "What are you thinking, Hermione?" "There are certain rules," Hermione continued. "Certain laws that have to be obeyed. We cannot transgress those rules, no matter what, no matter how much we may wish otherwise." She nodded, a clear sign she'd found her solution. "But we can escape this. Live in a world where a certain dark lord will never, ever reach us. We can live our lives in peace." She said the words as though they were a foreign tongue. "Peace, Harry." Harry blinked. "How?" Hermione smiled. "I'm going to need a little help on this." Lord Voldemort stood at the cliffs of Dover, a beatific smile on his face. Two years ago, Dublin had fallen after a six-month campaign. All of the British and Irish magical communities had been united and consolidated under his banner. Every enclave – every community – every magical tradition in the British Isles had been conquered. None of his rivals – not Dumbledore, not Potter, not Longbottom, not Murphy – remained alive and breathing. The muggle governments were sufficiently under control to not be a problem. He had his kingdom. But he knew… it wasn't enough. It was never enough. For every success, another failure loomed. Potter had died, but taken the Elder Wand and most of Voldemort's horcruxes with him. Tir na Nog had fallen, but Queen Fand and her court had faded from existence rather than submit to him. Success, then failure. This next endeavor would give only success; he would make sure of it. Around him were hundreds of his finest Death Eaters. Some had been with him since the first rise; some had joined during his second rule; some had joined his banner as his influence spread. All of them were absolutely loyal to him and his cause. And he was about to give them a new cause. He gestured out to the Channel behind him. "Out there, a scant few miles away, lay France. A magical community in rebellion from our wisdom. They want us wiped off the map; they want us kneeling at their feet! They have been a threat to us time and time again. They are the obstacle to our place in the sun." He sneered. "It is time to take our place in the sun. This is our next target, good witches and wizards: France!" His Death Eaters cheered; Voldemort smiled. Britain was safe, but not critical. France was critical. No magical government could ignore him after he took Europe. He would become the preeminent magical power on the planet. And the magical world would be remade in his image. In that moment, Draco Malfoy knew that he was well and truly fucked. He'd recovered well enough from his initial failure. Charged with killing Albus Dumbledore, he'd hesitated – and his reputation had suffered as a result. Ireland had made up for his cowardice; having wizards and witches casting spells to kill him had done wonders for his squeamishness. His snatcher team had broken the defenses at Doaned Alley in Belfast, located the famed enclave of Tir na Nog, and kidnapped the grandchildren of the Irish Minister for Magic, bringing an accelerated end to the conflict. As a reward for their efforts, the Dark Lord had named Father regent over Ireland, with the intention that the position become hereditary. Draco had no problem with that. Irish redheads were hot . And to the winners went the spoils. French women, by comparison, were like cool water next to the fire of Ireland's women. Having sex with an Irish woman was frenzied, passionate, like casting and controlling Fiendfyre; having sex with a French woman was a soft, slow, sensual, almost maddeningly tender act, like chanting through a complex ritual. And he suspected he would have plenty of time in France to experience that act. His plan with France was deceptively simple. With Tir na Nog, he'd simply followed the evacuations; all of them led to one point, and the main body of the Dark Lord's army did the rest. He knew he'd need a different tactic, as the French had so many enclaves in the Alps and the Pyrenees. He needed allies. And, by giving gold and promising a place within the Dark Lord's regime, he was able to sway a couple of the veela clans to his cause. Promises of mutual assistance between the veela would provide him with the locations of all of the enclaves; from there, he could dismantle them at his leisure, or call the Dark Lord's forces for those enclaves too heavily reinforced for a snatcher team. After his negotiations, he'd decided to stay in Calais for a few days. He needed to scout the city for the upcoming invasion, and he decided that he'd earned a reward for his efforts. His method of seduction was always the same: chat a woman up, slip a little Spanish Mosquito into her drink, wait until she started to feel hot and bothered, take her back into his room for a night of activities, then give her a memory scrambler to make her forget the day. He'd tried using the Imperius, but found it worse than useless; what was the point of sex if the other person wasn't wanting it? So he made them want it – want it badly – then wipe their minds of the event later. The raven-haired goddess who entered the Randy Nundu on that night caught his attention immediately. Black hair formed a rich mane cascading down her shoulders; laughing green eyes danced with mischief. Her midnight-black robes and regal bearing screamed of a pureblood heritage; her wand, a custom work, was the exact same shade as a dying rose. His eyes danced around the curves of her hips, her elegant hands as they held a glass of firewine, a bosom that was in perfect proportion to her body. This was a woman he wanted to know. He moved to speak with her, using the French his mother had taught her. She was precisely his type: a proper French family, educated at Beauxbatons, traveling to get a lay of the land, perhaps hunting for a mate while she traveled. He needed little convincing. He slipped the Spanish Mosquito into her firewine while she wasn't looking, so she would need little convincing. The moment the flush reached her features, he knew it was time. Sex with her was indescribable. If Irish women were like fire and French women were like cool water, this woman was like being burned at the stake. The fire started slowly, then began to spread throughout his entire body. Even better, it didn't seem to stop; she seemed to control him with such a deft touch that it kept going on and on, even while not letting up in intensity. He wasn't sure what happened; most of it was a blur. It had left him so exhausted that he collapsed within seconds after spending himself. Sunlight woke him up the next morning; he blinked, then cursed himself for his carelessness. He could only hope that his paramour simply viewed last night as normal attraction, rather than something created with potions. "Good morning, Draco Malfoy." He gulped at her soft alto voice. He hadn't told her his real name; he had been operating in France using a cover identity. That she knew who he was meant his cover was blown. How badly, he didn't know. He looked around, making sure that French aurors weren't flooding the room, then sat up. "Who are you?" The woman smiled. Draco noticed, to his disappointment, that she was fully clothed again. "That would be telling. Suffice it to say that a couple of my relatives went to school with you – and managed to escape from your master's little pogrom. So… we decided to make sure that, if such a purge came here, that his Dark Lordyness would pay a price for it. And that, my dear Draco, is where you come in." She sighed. "To be honest, we wonder why you purebloods even follow that idiot. You do realize he's