Hello everyone, so this is king of my first AU so fiction so I put a lot of work into it and I hope you enjoy. Disclaimer: I personally think it would be a nice from Mr. Riordan, the key to the Percy Jackson and the Olympians but no he hasn't so I own nothing. Warnings: Multiple sexual partners, mature language, mentions of drug usage, mentions of rape and incest, and boy x boy Percy Jackson was an average fifth teen year old boy, he went to school, he had friends, and his family was anything but perfect. Well, his home life rather, you see Percy only knew his father as his family, since his mom had been killed when he was a lot younger and he'd been staying with his father ever since. His dad was nice and all but Percy couldn't help but to think he was hiding something very big from him. You see ever since Percy was a kid he never knew what his dad did as a living, he still doesn't and when he asks his dad only says 'something that I hope you never have to do.' It made him so mad sometimes because it was like his dad was dissing his own job but Percy knew he worked hard like if they call him he's there as soon as possible without any hesitation. Percy could only wonder what he did and why his father didn't want him to do it as well. Percy thought about it constantly especially on days like today when he is locked in his own room until his dad finishes meeting with his coworkers. Percy's dad always did this when the meetings were at their own house he'd say, "Percy I'm sorry but you can't hear any of this and I don't want an open door to tempt you." It was so frustrating and do you know what the worst part was Percy cooked the food they ate, sure he enjoyed cooking but that was totally beside the point he should at least be allowed to listen in. He hadn't gotten the chance do this tonight because his father's coworkers had been in the house since twelve this afternoon, it was now eight thirty in the evening. Percy also had a horrible track of time and easily found himself jumping from subject to subject but his father's occupation was one that stayed around the longest. One of the things he would think about is his father's over protectiveness, like last week since school had just ended for the summer Percy wanted to go out with a group of friends to get some pizza and his father had said no because nothing but trouble would be at the pizzeria he had asked about. It sucked but sure enough his dad had been right, three people were killed that night by this vicious gang known as the Olympians, the three people had offended them in some way and they paid the ultimate price, Percy was just shocked that his dad hadn't said I told you so or you see that could have been you. So anyway back to the present Percy was a lone his room and all he wanted was to be out of it and see at least one of his dad's coworkers at the very least hear them speaking, That was when he heard footsteps coming up to his room which was the first door at the end of the hallway when you came up the steps, his dad's was down the hall. Percy knew it had to be his dad and sat on the edge of the bed glaring so it'd seem he'd been so mad with his father that he hadn't moved from his spot on the bed. Though it was hard because Percy's bed was pretty big, all things considered whatever his dad's job was it brought in the money which bought Percy to big house. And sure enough his dad stepped into room, took one look at Percy and said, "Don't look at me like that you know why you have to stay up here." "No, I know there's a secret you're keeping but I don't know why I have to be stuck up here." His father looked angry for a split second but then relaxed again, "Percy please don't do this listen I have work I need to take care of in Pennsylvania so-" "What? No way you can't leave me here, you're going to Pennsylvania? That is more than a day trip and I don't' have school plus it's almost my birthday an-" Percy was silenced as his dad put his hand up, calling for silence, "Percy, I just needed to know if you'd like to come, of course you can't come with me to work but you can at least come on a business trip." "…did you say I could come with you?" Percy asked nervously trying to see if he'd heard correctly. "Yes, I did so do you…you don't have to I suppose you could stay over a friend's house or at the least here a lone." "Oh no I want to go I'll start packing right now, how long are we staying?" "…A month." "A month wow something important must be happening anyway when do we leave." "First thing in the morning so be ready by the time I get back…I have to go into the office and do a few things so I'll be gone for the night." "Oh…okay and dad?" "Yes?" "Are your umm coworkers still down stairs?" "Yes, they are." "Can I…I don't know maybe it's stupid but can I meet them?" "…I suppose you will be in a charter bus with them tomorrow so I guess you could get to meet them before we leave tonight…okay come on I'll introduce you but put on something a bit less revealing." Percy almost leaped in the air for joy but controlled himself to just going over to his dresser and changing to something more decent. His dad always hated it when he'd walk around the house in tight shorts in a tank top. So, he just slipped on a pair of jeans and blue shirt that was a bit too long fitting him perfectly but falling just above his knee. Poseidon looked at him and smiled, "you may look like me but you have your mother's fashion since." Percy just smiled but didn't say anything, he usually didn't keep things from his dad but there was one thing he hadn't told a soul about….he was gay. At first he thought it was just a phase but after a whole year went by with no change he knew and accepted he was gay. It didn't bother him but his dad never talked about it so he didn't exactly know his opinion and he was scared his father would look down on him for it so he kept it to himself. He didn't know he was gay at first he never really thought about it until he snuck out the house when he was fifth teen and went to an all boy party his cousin Luke on his mother's side invited him to. What happened was Percy had been early so he could help Luke with cooking, and he did, he baked cookies and made homemade cheese pizza but they'd finished sooner than they thought Percy was just sitting around not really thinking about anything. It was then Luke made his move, the older boy had started off with soft barely noticeable touches until he was giving Percy his first kiss and then Luke would have tried to go on but the bell rang so they stopped and let the guests in. Percy soon realized this was no regular party…it turned out to be a make out party for all guys and Luke of course had Percy though a few people did got farther than kissing, Percy and Luke didn't well Percy didn't after a while Luke went and had sex with a boy named Ethan. Percy just sat around until it was well after two in the morning and then told Luke he'd have to go so his dad didn't know he'd left, Luke tried to get him to stay but Percy ultimately left then. As Percy walked down the streets he didn't stop anywhere but when he go home at around three he only slept for a few hours before he woke up to make his dad breakfast and turned on the news to see a man had just been killed and as far as anyone knew it was the Olympians doing because there was proof that this man had been going around claiming to have been one of them. The man had only been killed but a half a block away from where Luke lived and Percy couldn't help but think that the Olympians, if they'd seen him wouldn't be so kind as to say he's just a bystander so he decided he would never sneak out the house again and if he did he would never tell his father it was the same night the Olympians had killed someone. Percy snapped out of his thoughts realizing he'd zoned out and his dad was still waiting for him "Okay, I'm ready." "Good I'll introduce them first and then I'll introduce you." Percy nodded his head in affirmation, as they walked down the staircase and Percy was looking at a room of twelve people, all of which were incredibly good looking. Percy couldn't help but to blush as he looked at them all. "Percy these are my coworkers, Zeus, Hades, Apollo, Hermes, Dionysus, Hephaestus, Ares, Demeter, Aphrodite, Hera, Artemis, and Athena." He watched as his dad pointed to each one and then turned to him. "Everyone, I would like you to meet my son Percy." Some looked surprised like they were expecting something that wasn't a fifth-teen year old boy, the others had a look Percy couldn't describe…he knew the word but he just couldn't place…he knew it began with an l. Percy walked downstairs with his dad suddenly feeling nervous in his own house, so much so he barely got out a simple word that was so soft he'd been afraid no one would hear him, "Hi." "Poseidon, I knew you had a son but I didn't know he was so young," stated the one known as Athena said. Percy thought she was pretty with blonde hair and stormy gray eyes as she seemed to be thinking of everything in the room all at once. "Oh, yes I must have let it slip Percy is fifth-teen," his dad had said sitting down in a black armchair that faced the seventy two inch T.V. "I'll be sixteen in two weeks." Percy couldn't help but to say automatically he'd been saying it since last month, the precise amount of days until he'd be sixteen. Many of the females in the room smiled his interjection. "I remember when I was sixteen, I used to grab my Harley ride it from dusk to dawn," the one know as Ares stated as he began to get a look that could only be described as him taking a trip down memory lane. A silence probably would have fallen amongst them had the news not interrupted. "This just in the murderous and blood thirty gang known as the Olympians have just done it again not only getting away with another murder and evading the police, there were no witnesses to this homicide as the victim's body lay on the ground bleeding out with ice for some reason covering it." Everyone seemed a bit interesting as they listened to the broadcasting. "We now go to our live reporter Grover Underwood; can you tell us what is going on here?" "Um yes Juniper I can there is not precise link between the girl and the Olympians as far as we can tell they may have