I don't know why I always do this to myself. I get these ideas and then I just start writing. This is part one of ...I don't even know what. I hope you guys like it. Reviews are life! xoxox Kelly I don't mind working in the bakery. Honestly, it can be a lot of fun, and I'm pretty good at decorating cakes, but when all my friends are out enjoying their summer vacations at the beach and I'm stuck inside—well, it really sucks. The positive side is that I'm saving up a lot of money for the apartment I plan to rent in Atlanta when I move there in the fall. I need to get out of this town. I've been here my whole life, and I'm ready to see what else is out there. My parents aren't thrilled with the idea of me leaving, but nothing they say will convince me to change my mind. I need to get out of Panem, Georgia. Every single moment I spend here, I feel myself slowly dying. There's so much out in the world to explore. I've missed out on a lot growing up. When I was younger, I wasn't really aware of the life I was missing out on, but once I got to high school and saw the other kids having fun, I knew that I needed a change. My parents are strict, Bible-fearing people and spend most of their free time in church volunteering. God and church mean everything to my parents. Another thing that I've grown up knowing is that you must not sin. If you sin then you go to Hell. At least that's what my parents have always told me. Cursing is wrong. Drinking is wrong. Premarital sex is the worst sin, though. Mom says that will send you straight to Hell. I've never had sex. My girlfriend Delly attends the same church as I do. She's pretty and I really like her, but the most we've ever done is hold hands. I try to tell myself that the desires I feel for her are wrong, but that doesn't stop the dreams that leave my underwear and sheets soaked with that familiar white sticky substance. I've heard guys at school talking about something you can do to prevent that from happening, but it sounds a lot like a sin. I know what my parents say and what the Bible says, but the desire flowing through my veins is overwhelming. In my dreams, when Delly finally puts her soft hands on me, the feeling is unlike any other. How can something that feels so good be wrong? I don't bother asking my parents because they will just give me Bible verses to read. That's their answer for everything. The familiar chime of the door opening breaks me from my thoughts. "Welcome to Mellark's. How can I help you?" I say with the fake enthusiasm my mother just loves. "I need to order a birthday cake." I look up to see the voice speaking to me. Her thick, dark hair flows down her back in curly waves, and her eyes—they are the most unique shade of gray I've ever seen. She's beautiful. The most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my entire life. Her shirt is cut very low, and I do my best to avoid staring at her breasts, but they are spectacular. Delly never wears shirts like this. She always covers up. My face feels warm, and I hope that my cheeks aren't red. "Uh, I can help with that." I cringe at the sound of my voice cracking. "I would hope so. This is a bakery after all," she says with a smirk. "It's Peeta, right?" she says, gesturing to my name tag. "Uh–yeah." I clear my throat before grabbing a pen and paper to write down the details of what her order will be. She's stunning. I've never seen her around before. I wonder if she just moved here. I shouldn't be thinking about her in this way. I have a girlfriend. It's wrong. "When do you need the cake by?" "Next weekend. It's really simple. I just need vanilla with buttercream icing. Maybe some pretty flowers or whatever." She pushes her hair back, revealing her the olive colored skin on her long neck. I would love to put my lips... "I can take care of that for you." I'll make sure it's the best cake I've ever made. "I just need your name for the order." "Katniss. Katniss Everdeen." She leaves the bakery without saying anything else. I'm left dazed and wondering who is this woman and why have I never seen her before. Mom scowls from the register, watching me closely. I didn't do anything wrong, but she'll find some way to say I did. She always does. "Peeta, you know that lusting after a woman is a sin in the eyes of God," she says while tapping her fingers on the countertop. "Maybe you should go pray and ask God to forgive you." I nod my head nervously. My palms are sweaty, and my throat feels dry. I should have known my mom would see how I was looking at Katniss. "I wasn't lusting after her." "Oh, so now you are going to lie to me?" she says, slamming her hands down. "You are having impure thoughts about an older woman. I'm not a fool, Peeta." I shut my eyes, wishing I could be anywhere but here. "I was just helping her with a cake order," I say softly. "I wasn't–I don't want to sin." "God is always watching," she reminds me. "Please, don't be more of a disappointment to this family." Mom is right. Looking at Katniss is wrong. I shouldn't have done it. I need to forget about her and focus on getting out of here. Katniss is a distraction and I can't have that. I can't. My thoughts have been consumed with Katniss since the moment she left the bakery. I can't stop picturing her pouty lips and mysterious eyes. I've tried to forget about her, I have, but every single time I close my eyes, I see her face. She's captivated me in a way no one ever has. We only talked for a few minutes, but in those moments I experienced something completely unfamiliar to me. I've noticed women before, but Katniss is different. She has me hypnotized. I feel guilty because of Delly, but I can't ignore the fast beating in my chest every time I think of Katniss. My room feels awfully hot, and I wonder if the air conditioner broke again. I kick off my sheets and comforter, trying to cool down. I close my eyes to try and sleep, but all I see is her face and her breasts. Those soft, fleshy mounds that I desperately want to put my hands on. I know I shouldn't have been looking at her in that way. It's wrong. Still, no matter what I do and how hard I try to fight off the feelings, I still want to know how soft her skin would feel in my hands. I've imagined Delly before but never like this. My boxers begin to tighten as I think of her. I'm not supposed to do anything about it. I ignore the urges and focus on God or something like that, but my hand twitches against my thigh, and I wonder if one time wouldn't be so bad. Feeling pleasure shouldn't be a sin. Why would God make it feel good if He didn't want us to enjoy it? I let out a shaky, nervous breath as my body temperature continues to climb. Katniss' face is teasing me, her pouty lips inviting me to taste her. I bet she's a good kisser. I wouldn't know the difference anyway. The throbbing in my shaft won't go away, and the temptation to run my hand along the sensitive flesh is consuming my mind. My eyelids eventually become heavy, and exhaustion finally overcomes me as I fall back asleep. The bright morning sun stings my eyes, causing them to water. I push back my sheets and find that familiar sticky substance all over the place. It's more than I've ever had before. I quickly grab my sheets and throw them into the hamper, along with my underwear. My dreams were filled with images of Katniss. I should feel guilty about these impure thoughts. What would Delly think of me if she knew? I run a hand through my mess of curls with a frustrated sigh. Spending the morning in church isn't exactly what I want, but if I skip my parents will never let me hear the end of it. All I will be thinking about is Katniss. I'll be counting down the minutes until I'll see her again. I quickly glance at my alarm clock, seeing that I only have 20 minutes to get ready for church. Mom will murder me if I'm late. I shake hands and greet the fellow congregation, but I'm tired from a restless night full of dreams that I shouldn't be having. Mom is busy talking to the choir ladies, and Dad is talking to Mr. Cartwright, leaving me to sit in the uncomfortable pew waiting for the service to start. I don't see Delly. She must already be teaching her Sunday school class. It's probably best that I don't see her right now. I care about her, but I'm not in love with her. She's who my parents want me with. "Good morning Peeta." I turn quickly to see Katniss standing in the middle aisle, wearing a tight fitting green dress that would make my mother squirm. "I didn't know you went to Our Lady of Peace." I run my hand through my curls nervously, trying to avoid staring at her cleavage which is perfectly displayed. "I've been coming here my whole life," I tell her. "I don't think I've–uh ever seen you here before." "It's my first time," she answers with a smile. "I wanted to see what all the fuss is about." I can see Mom watching me like a hawk, her eyes two very narrow slits. "I hope you have a nice time," I say politely. "Well, I'm glad I know someone here." She rests a hand on my shoulder, causing my stomach muscles to tighten and my body to start sweating. "Anyway, I'm gonna go grab a seat. I'll talk to you later, baker boy." I watch as Katniss saunters away, sitting in the seat directly across the aisle from me. Trying to avoid her eyes is an impossible task. I can't stop staring. She looks over at me and smiles. I thought what I felt for her was a simple crush, but it's beginning to feel much deeper than that. I also know that my mother is furious with me, and I should prepare myself for her wrath. The sticky, humid summer air mixed with the heat from all the ovens makes working today almost impossible. I've been spending the better part of my morning at the front register, which wasn't what I wanted to do. I should be working on Katniss' order. It can't be rushed. I want it to be the perfect dessert that she'll never forget. When the bell above the door rings, I look up preparing to do the typical greeting, but then I see it's Katniss. She's wearing a dress like she was at church. But it's a soft orange color that reminds me of a sunset. Her tan, firm legs torture me as she makes her way to the front of the store. "Hi, what can I get you?" I ask, my voice trembling slightly. Katniss lets out a huff while slamming her wallet down on the counter. "I've had a terrible day, and all I want is something delicious, loaded with calories, and freshly made. Do you think you can help