My eyes are swollen shut from the repeated punches to my face. It's probably better this way. I don't need to see them coming. I would welcome death with open arms if they would be so kind to grant me that wish. Death would be the ultimate act of kindness, actually. My body aches from the beatings I receive on a daily basis. I can handle that pain. I've been beaten since I was young. My mother would tell me over and over again what a disappointment I was to the family. "Goddamn you, Peeta!" Her voice would shriek through the bakery kitchen. "Why can't you do anything right?" I would give anything to hear her voice again. Maybe my mother was right about me; I can't do anything right. I should have kept Katniss safe. I shouldn't have let them separate us. She's probably dead because of me. I promised myself that I would keep Katniss alive, and knowing that I've probably failed makes me want to die. The nightmares paralyze me. I scratch at the needle marks on my arms and wonder what they are pumping into my blood. I lose track of time for hours when they sit me in the cold metal chair. I wake up feeling dizzy, and my head throbs for days afterward. Last night I dreamed about Katniss and our baby. She was holding our daughter in her arms protectively. Katniss doesn't think she would be a good mother, but I know that's not true. I woke up screaming when a Peacekeeper ripped our crying baby from her arms. I hope they are alive. They have to had made it. Haymitch promised me! I wish someone could tell me that Katniss and our child are safe somewhere. I can't die until I know that they have found peace. My memories of Katniss are starting to fade. I try to concentrate, but nothing makes sense anymore. If I listen carefully, I can almost hear her voice, but it's gone within seconds. I hear them whispering outside the door. They sound frustrated. I scoot closer and press my ear up against the door to listen. "What do you mean it's not working?" I've never heard President Snow sound so angry before. "I've never seen this before," the terrified voice explains. "He's fighting the tracker jacker venom..." I look back down at my arms and fight the urge to vomit all over the floor. "We could amplify the dose, but it might kill him." "The boy is no good to me dead," President Snow spits out angrily. "Figure this out, and do it soon." They are poisoning me? I can remember the pain of the tracker jacker sting from when the nest fell on me during the Games, but what happens when they directly inject the venom into my bloodstream? It's going to kill me. I'm going to die in this disgusting cell, and there is nothing I can do about it. I'll never see my child grow up. I'll never get to hold Katniss in my arms again. I'm going to die alone, never getting to tell Katniss that I love her. If only my mother could see me now. I'm sure she would find some way to berate me. It's my fault. I'm what's wrong. It's probably for the best that I forget. The painful memories of how I failed are debilitating. I failed my mother. I failed Katniss. I failed my child. Give me the needle, and let me inject the poison myself. My mother always said this world would have been better off without me. "You ruined the bread again, Peeta?" I can still feel her nails digging into my skull as she yanks me by my hair. "I should have taken those herbs like I wanted to, but your father–your stupid father wanted another child." I want to cry, but the bruising and swelling around my eyes makes it impossible. I spent years as a child, crying in the closet, but eventually the tears dried up, and I fought to be a better man. I never want my child to feel unwanted. I'm sure Katniss will tell her that I loved her. They have to know I would never abandon my child willingly! When I came back from the Games, I was sure my mother would finally love me. I survived and managed to come back home. All she could do was look at my new leg in disgust. "Now it's not just your brain that's leg is disgusting." It didn't matter that I survived. All she could see was my failures. I would always be the son she wished had died. Now I wish I was dead, too. A loud bang wakes me from my drug-induced state. They've been pumping me full of the venom numerous times a day since they made the discovery of my resistance. It's killing me. That I know for sure. My mental state hasn't been altered that much, but I sleep most of the day now. I dream of Katniss and our baby. I dream of my mother beating me bloody. My mind is constantly reeling, and I'm powerless to stop the terrifying thoughts. Gunfire and screaming. Something's happening! I back up into the corner and bring my knees to my chest. I rock back and forth, trying to block out the sounds, but they keep getting louder and closer. "He's got to be here somewhere! I'm not leaving without him." That voice. I know it. I could never forget it. Katniss. "Peeta!" She's crying out to me, but my throat burns when I try to answer back. "Please be alive. Please." Why is she here? It's dangerous! I hear another loud bang and see a quick flash of light as the door to my cell opens. "I found him!" Katniss screams. "Peeta!" Her soft hands rest on my bruised cheeks. "Wh - how?" I whisper. "Shh, don't say anything. We are going to get you out of here." I feel her tears drip onto my neck as she hugs me tightly. "Katniss," I look at her stomach fearfully. "Our… the baby." I don't hear her last words before I pass out in her arms. The hospital room has a very distinct smell. It sears my nose when I take in a deep breath. But it's the first time in weeks that my chest doesn't burn when the air reaches my lungs. I can see the evidence of my beatings. My body is splattered black and blue. I don't recognize this place. It's nicer than anything we would have in District 12. They have me strapped down to the bed. "Hello?" My voice is soft and tentative. I don't want to step out of line and be thrown back into my cell. Am I even in the Capitol? I press my eyes shut to focus on my last memory. Katniss. She was there. It must have been a dream. The door opens slowly, and my body begins to shake. I can only imagine what they are going to do to me. I haven't done what they asked. The first thing I see is her dark hair. It's not in the usual braid I remember seeing. "Katniss, is that you?" She steps forward nervously. "Peeta...are you...I can't believe you're really here." Tears spill out of her eyes and onto her gaunt cheeks. I can see that she hasn't been eating. That can't be good for the baby. "What happened? Where are we?" "Do you remember anything?" she asks with a frown. "I'm so sorry that it took me so long." I take my shaking hand and rest it against her cheek. "I shouldn't have left you that night!" My own tears start to fall. "Is the baby okay?" "Peeta." Her eyes widen. "There's no baby. You made that up to stop the games. Do you remember?" My heartbeat quickens at her revelation. She's lying. There's a baby. I can remember–I mean, I think I can remember. "I don't understand." "What did they do to you, Peeta?" She wraps her arms around me tightly. I've wanted to hold her again for what feels like an eternity, but now I feel empty. "Did you kill our baby?" The words taste sour on my tongue. Why would Katniss want my child? I've never been good enough for her. She never loved me. Why would she care about our child? I yank away and grab her arms forcefully. "What did you do to our baby, Katniss?" "Peeta, please listen to me," she begs between sobs. "There was never a baby! You made it up to save me. I would never hurt our baby. You have to believe me!" I close my eyes to fight back the flood of tears. "You promise me there's no baby?" "I promise you." Why can't I decipher between reality and imagination? What other details of my life have been distorted? "Where is my family?" I need to see my brother. He can tell me what's happening. When my mother would beat me as a kid, my oldest brother would sit in the closet with me until I felt safe enough to come out. Katniss pulls away from me, not looking me in the eyes. "Katniss, I want to see my family." The silence between us is suffocating. I can clearly see that she's avoiding my question. "Peeta, I'm so sorry..." The sound that comes out of my mouth is deafening. All the fear and pain I've been holding in is finally released. The possibility of my family being dead never even occurred to me. It hurts to breathe. "It's my fault, isn't it?" "Don't even say that!" Katniss says angrily. "If anyone is to blame, it should be me." I know I should hate her. She used me over and over again. There was never any regard for my feelings. I've always been the afterthought to everyone in my life. Still, I can't hate her. I love her more today than ever before. "What happens now?" Katniss holds my hand and squeezes it gently. "We try to survive." They release me from the hospital ward a week later. All my physical wounds have begun to heal up, but the emotional scars seem to get worse as the days drag on. I haven't slept a full night since Katniss told me about the baby and my family. When I close my eyes, I see them crying out for me, and I'm completely helpless. The pain I feel when I wake each morning is worse than I imagine death would be. Apparently, there will be some lasting effects from the insane amounts of venom they injected me with. They can range from mild seizures to blackouts that can last hours at a time. The doctors told me I'm lucky. It could be much worse. I have a hard time believing that. Katniss hasn't left my side since I was rescued. She told me that she fought with Haymitch for weeks until they agreed she could join the mission. The people are at war with the Capitol, and Katniss is the face of the rebellion. I've seen firsthand the evil of President Snow, and I pray that this can be resolved soon. How many more lives will be lost? Katniss stirs next to me. She can't sleep unless I'm next to her. I know she told me that the baby was made up, but I still wonder if she's lying to keep from upsetting me. I remind myself that the poison in my blood is distorting my thinking. Haymitch told me they were trying to "hijack" me, but my body fought it off. It's not an exact science, but I guess they wanted me to be a weapon. At night when I try to sleep, my mind flashes to that cold metal chair. They would tell me that Katniss tried to kill me. I don't remember details. I'm