The snow crunches beneath my feet as I make my way up the driveway of my childhood home. It's been almost ten years since I've been here, but when Prim begged me to spend one last Christmas in Panem, I couldn't tell her no. My mom finally decided to sell the house she shared so many memories with my father in. I notice the twinkling lights and wonder if Gale put them up. Drawing in a deep breath of the frigid cold air, I open the door. The house smells like I remember, fresh pine and laundry detergent. Prim is sitting at the kitchen table, stacks of Christmas cards in front of her. "Katniss!" she squeals, jumping out of her seat and right into my arms. My baby sister is no longer a baby but a beautiful young woman. I can feel the tears welling up in my eyes when she squeezes me tightly. It's not that we haven't seen each other since I've left home, but this is different. I never planned on coming back here . "I didn't think you were going to be home yet," I say, tucking a strand of her blonde hair behind her ear. "I finished my finals yesterday," she tells me, taking my hand and leading me into the kitchen. "Mom is working late tonight, but you'll see her in the morning. I'm just so excited you're here! Gale and Madge are going to be so happy." When my best friend married my other best friend I was shocked. It wasn't that I was jealous. I just didn't think they were really serious. So much has changed since I've been gone that I can barely keep up. "Oh, are they coming over?" "Yes, and guess what? Madge is pregnant!" Prim beams. "It's the cutest thing. We all miss you so much, Katniss. You should come visit more." I couldn't stay in this town after my dad died. I finished up high school and left as soon as I could. Luckily, I had a lot of money saved up. Every single thing reminded me of him. Plus, the thought of seeing him around only made the desire to leaving that much more appealing. "I miss you guys," I say softly, looking down at my feet. The guilt I feel over leaving my sister consumes me daily, but I had to take care of myself. There's one person my sister hasn't mentioned, and I know it's for a reason, but I have to know what he's been up to. "So, is Peeta still living in town?" Prim's eyes widen suddenly, and I'm sure she's just as surprised as I am that I actually care about Peeta Mellark. His name leaves a bitter taste in my mouth, but the last time I saw him he was recovering in the hospital. "Peeta's…he's actually teaching Kindergarten now, and he's in charge of the Christmas play this year. I volunteered to make the costumes. Well, Delly kinda forced me to help…" "How can you help him?" I hiss, gripping the edge of the table tightly. "He's–I can't believe you!" She shakes her head, sighing loudly. I prepare myself for the lecture that's going to come. "It's been ten years Katniss, and you know what happened wasn't his fault. Daddy got out of the car to help him after the accident. You know how bad of shape Peeta was in. Having his leg amputated changed his whole life." I interrupt her. "Yeah, and our father dying changed mine." I remember that night like it was yesterday. It was Christmas Eve. Dad had to run out and grab a few things we needed for dinner. The trip was only supposed to take a matter of minutes, but when hours passed and we couldn't get through to him, I knew deep down that something was really wrong. It was a series of bad events that ended up taking my father's life. Apparently, he saw Peeta's car flipped upside down in some ditch, and he got out of the car to help, but then another car was driving along and skidded on black ice, running right into my father and killing him instantly. If he wouldn't have stopped to help Peeta then none of those events would have taken place. He would still be alive. "Peeta visits us a lot, Katniss," she tells me. "He still feels guilty about what happened, but it wasn't his fault. You can't–you can't hate him forever. Daddy knew what he was doing." I'm so unbelievably angry that I stand up from the table and head toward my bedroom. The last thing I want to do is hear about Peeta Mellark, the stupid boy responsible for my father's death. I found out later that the reason Peeta swerved off the road was because there was a dog running across the street. I throw myself down on the bed, huffing loudly. Somehow, I'm going to make it through this week without having to see Peeta. Unfortunately, I'm not able to hide away in my room for very long. Gale and Madge arrive, and Prim practically forces me downstairs. When Gale sees me, he immediately wraps me up in his arms. It feels good to be with my friends. Madge smiles, rubbing her growing stomach. "I still can't believe you're pregnant," I say, hugging her. "I can't believe it either," she giggles. "It's so good to see you. We all miss you so much." My eyes wander over to Gale, who is watching Madge with a loving expression. "How long are you planning on staying, Catnip?" he asks. "I'll probably go back after New Year's," I say with a shrug. "There's so much stuff that needs to be done around here." Prim snorts out a laugh. "Mom can't throw anything away. It's going to be such a pain in the ass." We all hang around the kitchen for a few hours, talking about what's changed over the past ten years. Luckily, there's been no talk about Peeta, but I know that they haven't all avoided him since I've been gone. We were once all really good friends. "Are you still working on the costumes, Prim?" Madge asks. My little sister glances at me before answering. "Yep. I just have to go make sure they all fit. Peeta's really stressing out about it." "I know! Delly should have known better than to ask him to do this," Madge tells her. "I keep telling him it's a kids play, but you know how Peeta gets." I slam my drink down with a loud clunk. "Are we gonna talk about Peeta all fucking night?" "Katniss, please don't do this," Prim begs, tears filling her eyes. I shake my head, feeling completely betrayed by some of the people I love most. They know how I feel about Peeta, but they made friends with him while I was gone. It makes me wonder what else has changed and how much I've missed. Maybe it was a mistake coming home. Word spreads pretty fast in a small town. It only took a day before everyone knew that I was back. I can feel their eyes on me as I wander through the grocery store, trying to find all the ingredients to help Prim make these stupid cookies for the church bake sale. I turn down the baking aisle when I spot him. His blonde curls are tucked underneath a stupid green beanie, and I know it's him. It's Peeta. Anger bubbles deep down in my gut, but I'm frozen. He's throwing a bunch of different ingredients in the shopping cart. I expected him to look like some monster, but he's the same Peeta I remember from high school. My old friend. He turns and spots me, a surprised expression dancing on his face. "Katniss?" At the sound of his deep voice, I take off in a run out of the store and straight toward my car. "Shit," I mumble, searching my purse for my keys. "You dropped these." Peeta. I squeeze my eyes shut, not wanting to see him, but I can't exactly leave without my keys. He's looking at me with blue eyes and a deep frown. I snatch the keys from his hand. "It's been a long time," he says, rubbing the back of his neck. "Prim mentioned that you were coming, but I didn't believe it." "Well, here I am," I say through gritted teeth. "I need to get going." Peeta sighs, which only pisses me off more. He has no right to get frustrated with me. "Katniss, we used to be friends." Tears burn my eyes. I've cried more times in the past twenty-four hours than I have in ten years. I hate this stupid, pathetic town. "We were friends a long time ago, Peeta. It's not the same anymore. I can't do this–" "I was on my way to see you that night," he blurts out. "You didn't come to school on the last day before break, and I wanted make sure you got your present for Christmas." I'm not sure if his words are meant to comfort me. The memories of police, funeral homes, and my father's body lying in a casket all come flooding back to me. "That doesn't change anything," I tell him. I don't give Peeta a chance to answer before I'm speeding out of the parking lot and far away from him. Prim senses my foul mood immediately, but I don't give her a chance to pry. I walk right past her and my mom, not wanting to relive those few moments with Peeta. After the accident, he didn't come back to school. I didn't have to be reminded of what I lost, until the day of graduation when I saw him. He was in a wheelchair. Our eyes locked for a split second, and I could tell that he wanted to talk to me, but I ran before he had a chance. I couldn't imagine living in this town with him. The idea of running into him was too overwhelming. My mom cried when I told her, but I think she understood why I needed to move away. Now I'm back, and Peeta seems to be everywhere. I can't even walk into a fucking grocery store without seeing him. There's a knock on my door, and then Prim peeks her head inside my room. "Can I talk to you for a minute?" "Of course," I say. Prim comes into my room, sighing loudly. "Okay, this can't be good." She plops down on my bed. "Listen, Finnick and Annie are having their Christmas party tonight," she tells me. I smile immediately. I haven't seen Finnick since high school. We weren't close, but we had a few classes together. He was always loved by the ladies, but he only had eyes for one girl. Annie. "They really want you to come…" "Peeta's going to be there," I say, clenching my fist. Of course he will be there. Everyone seems to have forgotten what happened. What he did. "You can't expect me to go. That's absolutely insane." "I do expect you to go!" she yells, standing up from her spot on my bed. "You can't keep doing this, Katniss. It's not fair to anyone. Peeta didn't kill Daddy. It was an accident. A terrible accident, but it wasn't Peeta's fault. All your friends want to see you, but you're being so stubborn about this. Peeta's sorry. He's been sorry. You just haven't been around to see what he's done to make up for what happened. I'm not asking you to be his friend, but I am asking you to come to this party." "Why are you doing this?" I ask softly. She blinks, tears cascading down her face. "Because I love you. Because you need to move on. Because this isn't what Daddy would have wanted for you." Her words cut through me like a jagged knife, opening