The cold air stings my face as I wrap my tattered scarf around my neck. I'm usually better prepared for this time of year, but I haven't been able to replace many of my clothes that were stolen or have gone missing. My daughter Evangeline, or Lily for short, squeezes my hand tightly, and I do my best to give her a confident smile. Her tiny body shivers under her oversized coat. It's hard to find a decent place to stay anymore. I used to be able to get us a bed in one of the local shelters, but it's winter time, and everyone is there looking for the same thing we are. Shelter. I never had much growing up but at least I always had a place to stay. When Lily was born everything changed. Darius was supposed to be my protector, but when he left me with broken ribs and multiple bruises, I left in the middle of the night. I didn't have much time to take any belongings. My only thought was Lily's safety. She was only one at the time, and I wasn't going to let her be hurt by that monster. Darius was so charming and kind to me. My father died when I was young, and I can't remember a time when I felt loved, but Darius made me feel that way - for awhile anyway. Two years later and I'm still running with no end in sight. I've thought about reaching out to my mother, but she practically disowned me when I told her I was pregnant. I guess most mothers don't really support their pregnant 17 year-olds. "Mama." Her tiny voice breaks my heart into a million pieces. I know she's exhausted and hungry, but she's strong. "I'm so sleepy." I lean down and sweep her up in my arms. She hardly weighs a thing. "I know Lily Bug but all the shelters are full for the night." "It's so cold." I can feel the tears welling up in my eyes. There is nothing more painful than not being able to provide for your child. I just need to get her warm for just a few minutes. After that, I can rethink my options and hopefully find a place to stay for the night. I spot a local diner and quickly make my way inside. The warmth hits me immediately, and I instantly feel better. It's mostly empty in here, which I prefer. Usually, strangers look at me and Lily with pity or sometimes disgust. I notice a blonde man sitting off by himself in the back, and I'm struck by how sad he looks. I can see the face of a once handsome man, but there is a look of sorrow in his eyes that I can't ignore. The appearance of a man rarely garners my attention, but there is something about this quiet man that piques my curiosity. "Can we eat?" I hear her little voice ask hopefully. My heart sinks when Lily looks up at me with her big, grey colored eyes. "Baby, we - I'll see what I can do." I know that there is no way we can eat, but I don't have the heart to tell her. The food does smell amazing though. It brings me back to the holidays before my father died. My mother would spend hours in the kitchen whipping up all sorts of incredible tasting food. The house would always smell like fresh baked cookies and all sorts of delicious treats that we only had once or twice a year. My stomach growls at the intoxicating smell. "Are you going to have a seat?" The baritone voice offers gently as I turn around to see the blonde man staring back at me. Up close, I can see his eyes fill with light. His countenance has brightened a bit since I saw him at the table.. "If not, I am going to close early…" "Oh, so sorry. We'll be leaving then," I tell him flustered. Lily looks at me with a frantic expression. "Mama, I'm so hungry! Please!" "Evangeline, please don't do this right now." The man stands with his arms folded across his chest. I can tell by his expression that he's judging me. "What do you want to eat m'lady?" Lily hides behind my legs when he addresses her. "I can make you anything you want." He notices my hesitation and continues, "It's my treat. I need to spruce up my culinary skills anyway. My cooks say I'm getting soft." "I - mama?" I try to think of what would be the perfect meal for us, and I honestly can't come up with a damn thing. It's been such a long time since we've had a decent meal. "How about you surprise us." "I'll see what I can do. I'm Peeta by the way." He extends his hand, and I shake it. "Now, I know this is Evangeline, but what is your name?" "Katniss." Peeta gives me a smile that immediately puts me at ease. It's funny that he can make me feel better with just a simple, kind gesture. "Have a seat over there, and I will be back in a little bit, okay?" This sort of kindness is unfamiliar to me. Normally people don't offer food or shelter, they would much rather push Lily and I away. "Mama are we getting dinner?" I nod with a tearful smile. "We are baby! This nice man is going to feed us." Words can't even begin to describe how thankful I am for Peeta. He didn't have to be so welcoming but he has offered to feed me and my daughter. Lily and I find a table and wait for Peeta to bring out the food. It only takes him twenty minutes to whip something up. "Wow! Those look amazing," I say to Peeta as he places the tray in front of us. He's made us some type of bread that smells incredible. "Cheese buns," Peeta says proudly. "They are an old family recipe and kind of my speciality. Enjoy, ladies." "Hey, do you want to sit with us?" I'm not sure what prompts me to ask, but Peeta gives me a sense of comfort. It's a feeling I'm not used to. "I would love that," he responds with a shimmer of a smile. My stomach is full and warm from the delicious cheese buns. Lily's head rests on my lap as she snores away. "Thank you again for this. I don't know how I can ever repay you." "It was no problem, Katniss." Peeta reaches out to grasp my hand. My first instinct is to pull away, but I find myself craving his touch. "Where do you plan on staying for the night? It's supposed to start snowing." I look out the window, and my chest aches. How can I wake my sleeping daughter and take her back out in that blistering cold? "I'm hoping I can find a shelter with some availability. It's really hard this time of year." Peeta nods wordlessly. I feel embarrassed having to explain my situation to him. "Stay with me," he says softly without hesitation. "What?" I ask, making sure I heard him correctly the first time. "I have a house with plenty of rooms. You and Lily can come stay with me." Feeding me and my daughter is one thing, but this is insane! No one is this kind. No one. "Please Katniss, I'll worry about you so much if you leave." How can someone so giving exist in this world? Peeta is a complete stranger, and he's offering me a room in his home? There has to be some kind of catch. "Why are you doing this?" I try not to sound suspicious of his actions, but it's my nature to question strangers. "You don't know anything about me." Peeta sighs loudly. "Katniss, it's freezing outside. You can't spend the night out there!" I don't remember the last time I slept in a warm bed that wasn't infested with bed bugs or smelled like piss. Peeta's offer is tempting, but the last time I relied on a man to keep me safe he only put me in more danger. "I don't know Peeta..." "Please let me help you." His blue eyes beg me to give in, and I want to stay, but I'm so afraid. I think of Evangeline and how she's never known anything but loss. My daughter deserves to feel safe, and I'm willing to do anything for her to have that. I'm not sure what Peeta's true intentions are, but if it allows Lily the luxury of a warm bath and a soft bed, I'll do what's necessary. Survival is my main concern, and I sometimes have to make sacrifices. Peeta's not the first man to offer me shelter, but it comes with a price. A price I'm willing to pay. "Alright," I tell him with a smile. "we will stay here with you." Peeta lives in a beautiful house about twenty minutes outside of the city. It reminds me of my grandparent's house that my family and I would visit during the holidays. It's warm and welcoming. Just like Peeta. I can't help but notice that there are a lot of empty spaces on the wall where pictures used to be. "The bathroom is up the steps to the left. If you wanna take a hot shower..." Lily is still sleeping in my arms, and I don't want to wake her, but we both could use a bath. "Thank you, Peeta. I can't even begin to tell you how grateful I am..." "You don't have to thank me, Katniss," Peeta says with his kind smile. "I'm just happy that you agreed to stay." Lily stirs in my arms. "I'm gonna go get her settled. What room do you want us to use? "There is a guest room directly across from the bathroom. It's all yours." My heart continues to pound when I look at Peeta. His comforting blue eyes make me feel like maybe everything will be okay. I've never been so instantly attracted to someone before. I'm usually guarded and rarely let people in, but there is something about him. "Thank you again," I tell him softly, not trying to wake Lily just yet. It takes some coaxing to wake up Lily, but when she stands under the steaming hot water she actually giggles. The water feels like heaven on my skin, so it must feel the same for her. I scrub away the dirt and filth from our soiled bodies. It feels so good to finally be clean, washing away all the terrible memories from the last couple of years. After we are finish and dry off, I put Lily to bed. It's only a matter of minutes before she is sleeping soundly in the big, comfy bed. I take a deep breath before I climb out of bed and pad down the hallway to Peeta's bedroom. I knock softly and wait until I hear him say it's okay to enter. He's wearing nothing but a pair of flannel pajama bottoms. My lower half throbs when I take in the sight of his muscular chest. "Katniss? Is everything okay?" The tone of his voice tells me he's concerned. If only he knew why I was really here. "Do you need more blankets?" He asks. "I know it can get cold." I take a step forward and lift my shirt up over my head. Standing in nothing but a pair of sweatpants. "I wanted to thank you." This is what I do. It's how I've learned to survive. The men that offer me help always want something. It's easy to give them my body. As long as my daughter is safe; I don't care what happens to me. "Katniss! What are you doing?" Peeta looks at me with a frantic expression, sitting up straighter in his bed. "Do