I wake up and notice that Peeta's side of the bed is empty. He always sleeps soundly through the night. I'm really surprised he's up at all. Peeta has been so tired lately. I can't remember the last time he ever slept so much. I notice the bathroom light is on. A good ten minutes pass by and Peeta is still in the bathroom. I'm usually the one who spends all the time in there. The baby gives a swift kick and I suddenly need to pee. I slowly climb out of bed and knock on the door softly. Peeta doesn't answer. I knock again. "Peeta, are you okay?" Silence. I reach for the handle and when I go to open the door it's locked. Panic quickly begins to set in. "Peeta Mellark open the goddamn door right now!" I gasp when the door flies open. Peeta stands in front of me with blood pouring out of his nose. His skin has been drained of all its color. "I can't get it stop." The calmness of his voice surprises me. I grab some tissues and hold them up to his nose. Seeing Peeta so pale brings me back to the moment he first spoke to me. I could never forget the deep shade of red that bloomed on his cheeks when he sat next to me. As I apply pressure to his nose, I can't help but relive that life-changing day. I sit in my seat expecting Madge to take her place by me. We have always been lab partners in science. When Peeta Mellark slowly approaches the stool next to me, I become confused. I know Peeta, but he's never said one word, never uttered a single sentence to me before. Peeta is popular, friendly, and loved by everyone. I am the complete opposite. I hold my close friends dear and that's fine for me. I'm not sure why Peeta always ignores me, and I have no idea why he's sitting in Madge's seat. I scan around trying to find Madge and when I see her, she looks to me and shrugs. What? Peeta Mellark is my lab partner? I don't know how we'll work together if he can't say a word to me. I notice his cheeks are quite pink, actually deep red, as his eyes move from me to the seat he's about to sit upon. It almost looks like he's blushing, but why? I find myself distracted by his eyes. They are the prettiest shade of blue I have ever seen. I smile, resigned that I have to make this partnership work if I'm going to get a decent grade. A boy with those blushing cheeks and bright blue eyes can't be all bad. "I'm afraid I'm going to be a terrible lab partner." He tells me with a soft chuckle. "Biology is not my best subject." "Well, I hope you don't think I am going to do all the work." I inform him jokingly. Peeta gives me another smile which causes a small flutter to erupt in my stomach. I like how easy he is to talk to. Peeta gives my hand a tight squeeze as we listen to Dr. Aurelius explain the testing that Peeta will be required to go through. It all seems pretty standard at first, but when I hear words like "lumbar puncture," I realize this may be more serious than I originally thought. "Mr. Mellark, we really just want to do this as a precaution." Dr. Aurelius is a kind man but his words do nothing to comfort me. The baby is active today and I place my hand on my stomach to feel her movements. "How long does it usually take to get back the results?" I ask him. The sooner we know what is making him sick, the sooner we can deal with it. "I promise we will do our best to give you some answers as soon as we can." As we walk out of the office Peeta takes my hand and brings it up to his lips. "Promise me that you won't worry about me Katniss." Peeta is beginning to look like a different person. He has lost about twenty pounds and his usually full face is sunken in. The dark circles can't lessen the beauty of those blue eyes. I stand on my tip toes to kiss his lips. It still feels like the first time Peeta ever kissed me. Peeta and I have become extremely close over the past year. I enjoy the way that his presence puts me at ease. Sometimes Peeta will tickle my sides and I would pretend to be annoyed, but I like the way his hands make me tingle. I've never had feelings for someone before. Honestly, I'm not sure what I feel for Peeta. All I know is that I'm happy when I'm with him. I'm leaning against my locker waiting for Peeta to finish talking with the art teacher. Summer is finally here and I am planning on spending the majority of it with my sister Prim and, hopefully, Peeta. Peeta heads toward me with one of his classic, infectious smiles. The curls of his blonde hair are barely visible underneath his backward baseball cap. "How did it go?" "Mr. Plutarch wants me to study on the weekends with him," Peeta tells me proudly. "Apparently, I have a real gift and shouldn't waste it." I can't contain my excitement. Peeta is always drawing and painting. It is about damn time someone recognizes how talented he is. Without a thought, I jump into his arms and hug him as tightly as I can. I've hugged Peeta a million times, but this is different. He releases me from his arms but keeps a hold to my waist. I look up at him and my eyes travel to his lips. This isn't the first time I've thought about Peeta kissing me. I usually brush it off and try to forget it, but the feeling seems to linger this time. "Peeta," I whisper, "you can kiss me if you want." He doesn't say anything but presses his lips up against mine. His touch ignites a spark deep in the pit of my stomach. I'm unsure of what to do next so I let Peeta take the lead. I open my mouth wider when I feel his tongue brush along the front of my teeth. I instinctively press my body into Peeta's muscular form. His hands grip tighter on my waist. I like the feeling of his tongue teasing mine. A soft moan escapes his lips. Peeta pulls away first. I want to keep kissing him. The feeling of his lips on mine leave me hungry for more. I have craved those lips everyday since then and now I find myself needing them even more. I'm not sure what is going to happen next. The descriptions of the various tests Peeta is about to go through makes my stomach lurch. We just need to take one day at a time. *** Peeta shivers as the doctor applies iodine to the area of his back that will have the needle injected. I squeeze his hand tightly, making sure he knows that I will always be here for him. "Are you comfortable Peeta?" Dr. Aurelius asks. How can he possibly be comfortable? Peeta is lying on his side with his knees pulled up to his chest. He's wearing a thin hospital gown that leaves his back completely exposed. Peeta nods his head. "I just want to get this over with." In typical Peeta fashion he laughs. I admire his ability to try and stay positive. "The numbing medication should be working now. I'll tell you when I'm going to insert the needle, alright? Try your best to stay still." Dr. Aurelius holds up the needle that he's about to insert in my husband's back. I make sure that my expression remains calm. I need to be strong for Peeta like he has always been strong for me. "Alright Peeta here we go." Peeta's grip on my hand tightens when Dr. Aurelius inserts the needle. He's biting his lip so hard that I'm sure he is going to draw blood. "Hey - do you remember when I took you hunting for the first time?" I ask him with a tearful smile. "You were so loud and scared away all the animals!" Peeta gives me a weak smile. I hate seeing him like this. This vulnerability is so unfamiliar. "I was thinking about baby names the other night and I really love the name Grace," I tell him in hopes of uplifting his mood and reminding him of what we have to look forward to. I try to distract him any way I can, anything to take his mind off that needle in his back. I want him to think about happy, positive things. Peeta is so excited to be a father. It's something he has wanted since, well forever. I rub my thumb in comforting circles over his hand. This pain he was going through is just temporary. I have to believe that there is a silver lining. I hope that I'm being strong for him. Peeta protected me and comforted me so many times in the years we have been together. Seeing him in this vulnerable state brings me back to the first time Peeta and I were ever together. I was terrified but Peeta made me feel safe. It's my turn to make him feel secure. My legs won't stop trembling. I hate myself for being so afraid. Do I even have a reason to be? Peeta's usually bright eyes are a few shades darker. This is the next step. Peeta is always so patient and understanding, I want this to be good for him. "Katniss, if you aren't ready…" I grab him by the back of the neck and pull him in for a kiss, hoping that it will show him that I'm ready. Before, the idea of being completely naked in front of Peeta terrified me. I thought that I would feel exposed and uncomfortable, but I don't feel that way at all. His hand is palming my breast, and I take in a deep breath when he gently pinches my nipple. "You are so perfect Katniss." Peeta tells me before kissing my shoulder. The contact makes my entire body shiver with pleasure. I can feel how wet I am, the evidence of my arousal dripping down my thighs. Peeta slowly inserts two fingers, preparing my body for him. "So wet…" Peeta licks his lips. I can't believe how badly I want him inside of me. I take his face in my hands, making sure his eyes are locked with mine. "Peeta I want you to make love to me." "Are you sure?" His voice cracks on the last word. I lay back on the bed and spread my legs, often times actions speak louder than words. Peeta reaches for his wallet and pulls out a condom. He rips open the foil packet with his teeth. I watch in fascination as he rolls the condom onto his swollen cock. Peeta is a lot larger than I had thought. I really hope it doesn't hurt as bad as my friends told me. Peeta positions himself between my legs, using his elbows to support his weight. I can feel him poking at my entrance. It's now or never. "I love you, Katniss." At that he's pushing himself inside of me. Peeta barely moves, waiting for my reaction. It stings a little bit, but it's nothing I can't handle. "Is this okay?" He asks me while moving his hips slowly. I nod. "Please keep going." I can see that this is hard for him. Peeta wants to go faster but he's being gentle for me. The noises coming out of his mouth produce a dull ache in my lower region. Peeta's grunting and moaning.