I know she's watching me. I can feel her eyes piercing into my soul. They won't let her in here. The precious Mockingjay can't be around crazy people like me. She was almost dead. I almost got rid of her for good, but they stopped me. The light was beginning to leave her eyes and the deed was almost done, but her security knocked me to the ground before I could finish. She can't be trusted! I don't know why they don't believe me. Katniss Everdeen is a filthy mutt, and she can't fool me any more. She's a disgusting, no good liar. My wrists burn from how hard I pull on my restraints. I screamed for two solid hours this morning. It took them awhile to finally sedate me. My throat feels scratchy and nothing seems to soothe it. I wish they would let me walk around a bit, but apparently I'm a danger to myself and to others. No, I'm a danger to Katniss. I can't even look at her without wanting to vomit. She's a liar, and I hate her. How could I have believed she ever cared about me? I've been here a week now. It feels longer but I spend the majority of my days in a dreamlike state. The door to my room opens, and I see my former mentor looking at me with narrowed eyes. "Haymitch," I say his name slowly, still unsure of my feelings about him. Can I even trust him? "How wonderful to see you again." There is no way he can miss the sarcastic tone of my voice. He pulls up a chair and sits next to me. "Do you understand what's happening right now, Peeta?" "I'm mentally unstable," I laugh to myself at how ridiculous this whole situation is. I've always been the reasonable one. Growing up with an abusive mother taught me how to hide what I was really feeling. No one ever knew what was going on inside of me unless she decided to leave a mark on my face. Now I can't hide my emotions. I'm an open book and everyone is judging me. If only my mother could see me now. She would laugh at how I've fallen and what I've become. Weak. Pathetic. A waste of space. "I'm feeling better so I don't think the restraints are all that necessary." "I take it you don't remember banging yourself into the wall repeatedly after your team of doctors mentioned Katniss?" My left shoulder aches a bit when he mentions that. "I don't even remember eating breakfast this morning." My eyes narrow suspiciously. "Did you even feed me? I wouldn't be surprised if she was telling you to starve me to death." "Peeta," he sighs, and looks defeated. "I'm sorry I couldn't protect you." I want to reply back with a smartass comment, but it doesn't seem necessary. His eyes show me that he's carrying tremendous guilt. We sit in an uncomfortable silence for what feels like hours. How do I even respond to him? I'm angry with him, but for reasons I'm not sure are valid. "It wasn't the beatings that hurt me or the men in white masks telling me how worthless I was because that was my childhood." I pull at the restraints again, laughing bitterly. "They made me realize I was nothing but an expendable piece in yours and Katniss' game." I was the stupid, lovesick boy that let himself believe someone could actually care about me." Haymitch's morose expression changes;he almost looks despondent. "You don't really believe that, Peeta." "It's the truth," I say with a heavy shrug. "She was your favorite." "She needed me more. She wasn't as strong as you." I look into his eyes and try to find some hint of betrayal, but he's being honest. "She tried to kill me. I saw the footage from the Games." My mother always found unique ways to punish me. Sometimes she would lock me in the closet or beat with a wooden spoon till it broke. She was never satisfied with me. I can clearly remember the look on Katniss' face when the nest fell. It was the same look my mother would give me after a beating. She looked pleased with herself. I'll never forget that. "Look, I know it's hard to believe what I'm telling you, but the Capitol lied to you." I've heard from the nurses that Haymitch has been sober since arriving. I think I could grow to like him, but right now I wish he would leave me alone. "I didn't think it was possible for me to hate anyone more than I hated my mother." My stomach churns when I picture my dead family; all because of her. "I think you should go now." Haymitch slowly stands from the metal chair and the scratching sound it makes hurts my head. "Katniss isn't perfect, but she's not your mother." "They both pretended to love me when really all they wanted was for me to die." I say softly. "She loves you in her own way, Peeta." I dig my nails into my palms to keep myself grounded. I can't black out again. I'm not weak. The soft buzzing in my ears begins to get louder; it happens when I get agitated. A signal that I'm on the verge of a breakdown. "Haymitch," I say with a warning tone. "If you care about me at all, you would get the hell out of here." He says nothing more but turns and walks toward the door. I see him hesitate for a moment before he finally steps out of the room. My eyes feel heavy. I think I'll just sleep. Time passes, and I'm making progress. Well, that's what they tell me. I still don't feel right. I lose track of time a lot. Sometimes I just stand in the same spot for hours and stare at the wall. I try to remember when the blank space could be a canvas, but now all I can see are the cracks forming in the paint. My memories are all twisted. I can't determine the truth from the Capitol's lies. Haymitch stops in to help fill in the missing pieces. I still proceed carefully when it comes to my former mentor, but I'm starting to warm up to him. It's a slow process, but I think that's fine for us for the time being. "Peeta," Prim's tiny, hesitant voice brings me out of my hazy fog. "How are you feeling today?" "I'm tired." She rests her hand on my forearm and leads me back to my bed. "They had to give you a pretty heavy sedative yesterday." I climb into bed and lay my head down on the soft pillow. "Do you remember that?" She asks softly. "Did I hurt someone?" The idea of being a danger to the people around me is terrifying. I don't want anyone to be in jeopardy or feel uncomfortable because of me. "No, they just started talking to you about Katniss, and then you sorta went crazy." My hands begin to shake at the mention of her name. My reactions are far less violent now, but I'm still not ready to face her without supervision. "Sometimes I still have this feeling inside of me that hates her." Prim reaches for my hand. "I hate that they did this to you." Tears begin to well up in her eyes. "You're the only one who can help her." She blurts out suddenly. "Katniss doesn't need me to help her." "Peeta, she was lost without you," Prim says with a shaky voice. "My sister loves you, and I know it. I wish I could help you see that they lied to you. You two are stronger when you are united. President Snow tortured you because together you and Katniss can defeat him." I want to tell her that she's wrong, but I don't have the heart to crush her dreams. Prim should believe in something as great as she is. I may have conflicting emotions about her sister, but Prim's a good person. That's something I can see clearly. "I wish I could see the good in the world like you." "Please don't give up on her," Prim begs through her tears. "I know your brain is telling you differently, but listen to your heart." "Did she really miss me?" I ask with a hint of hopefulness in my voice. Prim nods with a kind smile. "Katniss isn't much for words, but I know my sister." The tiny blonde gently squeezes my hand. "I could hear her mumbling your name in her sleep." I try and take Prim's advice about listening to my heart and I'm struck with a profound memory of my childhood that contradicts what I had thought about Katniss upon my initial arrival to Thriteen. "I use to think about Katniss' voice when my mother would hit me," I admit softly. "It was the only way I could disassociate from what was happening to me. The sob I didn't even realize I was holding back escapes my lips. "Why did they have to ruin the one good thing in my life?" It's odd how my mind works now. I can go from hating Katniss to remembering why I always cared about her in a short amount of time. Prim's bottom lip trembles, but she fights back her own tears to comfort me. She's young, but her strength is undeniable. "It's not ruined Peeta," she says with a hint of a smile. "You're here, and that's what matters. I know you can fight this." "I'm never going to be the same," I remind her. "My future and all my hopes and dreams have changed." "So change them back," Prim squeezes my shaky hand gently. "You can have everything and more, but you can't give up on your recovery." It's the first time in ages that I've felt hopeful. Maybe I can tread through the darkest parts of my mind and rediscover myself. "Will you help me?" "I'm here for you, Peeta." Prim's confident smile and compassionate eyes gives me hope that there is virtue in this world. She's been through hell in her short life, but her heart has remained pure. I admire her ability to see the good in people when they probably don't deserve it. I hope I don't disappoint her. Some days I wake up, and my mind is clearer than the ocean in District Four. But other days, I can barely remember my last name. My team of doctors try to identify some type of pattern with my behavior, but it remains unpredictable. I'm a ticking time bomb ready to detonate at any moment. The common factor in my severe mood swings is Katniss. She makes me feel so many different emotions at one time that my brain can't process what's happening. I usually shut down and go into a catatonic state for hours. "Kid, you look good," Haymitch pats me on the back with a surprised smile. He hasn't been back to visit me for a while now. "Plutarch's kept me up to date on your progress, but I needed to see it first hand to truly believe it." I snort out a laugh. "I don't have to wear restraints anymore." I lift my hands up to show him that I'm shackle free. "They also let me use silverware for the first time." "She wants to ask about you." Haymitch scratches the back of his neck. "I can see that it's eating her alive, but she's still upset about what you said to her." "I didn't mean it," I tell him as if it's the most obvious thing in the world. "She's still a mystery to me, but I don't… I still think she's pretty." I say softly with a hint of a smile. Haymitch laughs with a shake of the head as if I've said something he