Hello! This is my contribution to S2SL which is wonderful charity run by the amazing Street. Thank you to Court and Lisa for fixing mistakes. You guys are amazing. Come play with me on tumblr - allhailthehutch I let out a deep sigh of relief when I plop down onto the sofa. Finally it's quiet. The kids are at school, Peeta went to work, and now I can enjoy the comfort of silence for a few hours before everyone gets home and I have to cook dinner. I'm not complaining about my life because, honestly, it's perfect. But I'm exhausted as well. Two kids under the age of 10 and a husband who wakes up with the chickens. I'm a light sleeper. As soon as Peeta awakens, showers, and gets ready to head to the bakery, I'm up for the day. I miss the days when his mouth would wake me, the intricate movements of his tongue making me come before I could even open my eyes. I can't remember the last time Peeta's gone down on me. Maybe it was my birthday or our anniversary. We're busy. He's busy. The new bakery has taken up so much of his time, and when he comes home, all he wants to do is sleep. At night I press my ass against his crotch, hoping to wake him for a quickie, but he mumbles something and starts snoring again. I now resort to using my detachable shower head to get myself off, because I'm incredibly frustrated and Peeta is not getting the hint. We've always had a very lively and adventurous sex life. When we met in college and started dating, we couldn't keep our hands off each other. He would fuck me anywhere: the shower, my dorm, his dorm, even the back row of the library. It was hot. He set my body on fire, and I melted under the touch of his talented fingers. I can still remember the first time he nudged my legs open and tasted me for the first time. It was an-out-of-body experience. His tongue was slow and tantalizing as it moved through my slick, swollen folds. Even though I know the entire floor heard me, I couldn't control the string of profanities that left my mouth. Peeta took his time, unlike other guys whom I've been with. He enjoyed making me squirm. We hadn't even been dating that long when Peeta suggested it. He was wedged between my legs, a smile dancing on his lips. I was so nervous being completely exposed to him, but Peeta looked at me with a straight face, not missing a beat, and said, "You have an exquisite vagina." I slammed my legs shut, backing up against the headboard. There was no way I was going to let him do that. Who even says something like that? But Peeta trailed his fingers up my leg slowly, past my thigh, and stopped right near my entrance. His eyes begged me for permission, and I really needed to come. I slowly opened my legs back up, waiting for Peeta to make his first move. It was so intimate, but he made me feel like I was riding this incredible high that I never wanted to come down from. After that, I was completely addicted and couldn't get enough of his mouth. I shouldn't have been surprised when I got pregnant. We were young and sometimes irresponsible. I sucked at remembering to take my birth control, and Peeta never remembered to put on a condom. We were always so caught up in the moment that the little details never mattered to us. My body was pressed against his dorm room's door, Peeta's lips sucking and nibbling on my neck as his fingers rubbed my clit through the thin fabric of my panties. His cock was pressing against my thigh. "Isn't Finnick here?" Peeta shook his head, dipping between the space between my breasts, flicking his tongue over my hardened nipple. "Does it really matter?" My wet panties and pulsing clit made me care less about an audience. I needed Peeta, and I needed him bad. When the door opened and we stumbled to his bed, I looked and saw that Finnick's side of the room was empty. Our clothes fell to the floor, piece by piece, until Peeta was hovering over me naked, his eyes dark with desire. "Fuck, I think I'm out of condoms," he cursed. "It's fine," I told him with a kiss on his lips. "Just pull out, okay?" Peeta nodded before sliding inside of me without any barrier. Fucking him without a condom always felt better. I knew Peeta enjoyed it. His hands slid between us, finding my clit and rubbing it as his hips thrust against mine swiftly. It wasn't going to take long for me to come. Peeta had been teasing me all night at Madge's party, his fingers dipping below the waistband of my panties, his breath tickling my neck as he hugged me from behind, his erection pressing against my ass. I was so worked up that I needed him before we even got back to his dorm. "Katniss, you're so fucking hot," he said between hard thrusts. "I'm gonna come soon." It was only a few more moments before I was clenching around him, feeling him pulse inside of me. "Oh shit, Katniss. I can't ..." He collapsed beside me with a sigh. "I forgot to pull out! Fuck! You just felt so good." I curled up next to him, snuggling into his muscular chest. "It's okay. We should be fine." Yeah, well I was wrong about that. When I kept waking up to throw up, I knew in my gut that I was pregnant. 20 years old. Still in college. Pregnant. It wasn't the life I had chosen, but I was so thankful to have Peeta by my side. He proposed, and I made him promise me it wasn't just because I got knocked up. He told me that he had bought the ring months before I even told him. Marriage and babies changed our relationship. When Peeta held our daughter Gracie for the first time, his blue eyes filled with tears. All he could do was thank me for making him a dad. Peeta is the perfect father. I always knew he would be. It didn't matter that we were young and had no money; we loved each other and wanted to make a life together. Finding time to have sex was a little bit more difficult. There wasn't much time for foreplay because the second we fell on the bed, Gracie would start to cry. I ached to feel him inside of me again, but nothing really ruins the mood like a screaming baby. We found time between our busy schedules to connect, but it was never the same. Sure, on birthdays and anniversaries, I'd gladly would get on my knees and suck him off, but that was about the only time my mouth was anywhere near his dick. I love having Peeta in my mouth. He looks down at me with eyes half-open and the stupidest grin that makes my pussy ache for him. It's exhilarating knowing that I'm the one making him feel that way. Our son Jackson was born three years later. My beautiful, blond baby boy was nothing like his older sister. Gracie was a happy, content baby. Jackson was fussy and hated to sleep. I didn't know what it meant to be truly exhausted until he was born. The stress of taking care of a new baby and a sprightly three year old made our sex life dwindle down to almost nothing. It wasn't a priority. Sleep and making sure everyone stayed on schedule was important. I miss my husband. I miss the way our bodies easily move in sync with each other. I crave the mornings when I would wake up, grinding my ass into his erection, waiting for him to wake up and fuck me. I would already be soaked for him. When he would finally pull down my panties and slip inside of me with ease, my orgasm shortly followed. I miss the spontaneity of our lovemaking. Now we have to schedule when we'll have sex. I can't count how many times we've had to pull over in some deserted parking lot and hop in the back seat because we were both so worked up. My hands were devious. I would jerk him off until he was begging me to wrap my lips around his cock, but I would never give in. I wanted him to fuck me. He would always give in. Even when we do have sex, it's not the same. I know Peeta loves me, and I hope he still finds me attractive, but I wish he would try a little harder. He does his best but it's hard for me. I use to come without much effort, now it takes me forever and I can see that Peeta is tired. He holds out for as long as he can, but after awhile I tell him it's okay and he pulses inside of me with a strangled cry. I keep telling myself that this is just something all couples go through, but what if there's something more going on? Back in college, he would send me the filthiest text messages throughout the day, and my panties would literally be soaked by the time I got back to my dorm. Thankfully, he was almost always waiting for me. Now he just texts me to remind me to take the chicken out of the freezer. Sometimes I worry that I'm not sexy enough for him. My husband is gorgeous. I see the way women stare at him. It's kind of impossible not to. His luscious blond curls, crystal-blue eyes, and incredible biceps are enough to make any woman swoon. It doesn't help that he's charming as hell. When he picks up Jackson and Gracie from school, I watch the other women try and flirt with him. Peeta usually doesn't pay them any mind, but it bothers the hell out of me. What if one day he decides that I'm boring? I'm not bad looking. I've always been on the thin side, but two babies later and my body has certainly changed. My boobs aren't as perky as they used to be, and my stomach isn't as flat, but I still think I'm...sexy. Still, I worry. I grab my phone and dial my best friend Madge's number. She just recently had a baby and is out on maternity leave for the next six weeks. "Hello?" she answers with a yawn. "Oh shit, I'm sorry Katniss. I'm just so tired." "No worries. I understand that completely," I tell her with a wave of the hand. "How's the baby? I can't wait to see her again." "She's wonderful. I'm having trouble with breastfeeding though," Madge tells me as I take a sip of my warm coffee. "Lydia just doesn't like my boobs, I guess." I remember being a new mom, and it's terrifying. If Madge needs me to listen to her bitch about her leaky nipples, then I will. Maybe it will distract me from what's really bothering me. "How's Gale doing?" I ask with a smirk. My oldest and closest friend was ecstatic when he learned he was going to be a father. Madge told me he fainted in the delivery room, which surprised me because Gale hunts in his spare time. Madge sighs loudly and I can hear the annoyance in her tone. "Oh, he's just wonderful as ever, but this whole no sex for six weeks thing is driving him nuts. I swear if he asks me one more time to just 'suck on his dick for 60 seconds,' I'm going to hang him by his balls." "Peeta nearly fell out of his chair when the doctor told him about the six-week