Leah and Taha Aki of the Quiletutes Everyone had their happy ending. Everyone but Leah Clearwater. In the time before Taha Aki was the first shape shifter the spirit of wolf man. When the first vampires had come he and his sons had killed them. But it cost Taha too high a price, he had run into the forest after he saw his love die in front of him. But he couldn't die. How could he kill himself when she had sacrificed herself so he could live? Running and living as a wolf had helped him deal with the pain for many years and when Taha went back to his tribe they had not recognized him. Too long had past and they though he was from the neighboring tribes out hunting. So he roomed the world searching for a way to end his pain without rejecting the sacrifice his wife had made for him. She had been only thirty years old and he had aged to around thirty five or forty as near as he could guess when she died. But when he changed back to wolf his age froze again, if anything he now looked younger now. The silver in his hair had disappeared within a few hundred years of her death. Always he hunted and killed the blood suckers, sometimes tracking them for hundreds of miles before finialy catching them. He resolved to come back to his home land and check on his tribe every few years, but lately it had been growing further and further apart. It had been almost two hundred years since Taha had been back to his birth place and much had changed. They were a foul plague on mankind, and when he saw his descendants working with the vampire he had at first been furious. Watching from the nearby cliff tops he had seen it all play out like the movies the modern humans watched. But after realizing the tribes and the differences between the clans he thought he understood. His tribe had formed an alliance with the more peaceful of the clans to prevent human bloodshed. While he could never forgive the vampires for killing his wife, could understand the current alliance. Had the two vampire clans joined forces they may have overcome the packs. He had half hoped that the two clans would fight the wolves; he could then join in and fight with his pack once again! But no, with only one death, the vampire clans resolved their dispute and the red eyes clan left. Watching the packs of wolves he saw how large they had grown and was decided to be much more careful to keep out of sight of them. Present day Everyone had their happy ending. Everyone but Leah. Leah had tried Yoga, Meditation, Anger management training courses, counting to ten and every other thing she could find to try and stop shifting into a wolf. Nothing worked no matter what Leah tried; she always lost her temper and changed usually wreaking her clothes and shoes in the process. Leah sat on her front porch in the old cane chair and looked out at the hills surrounding La Push and sighed. She had become the one no one wanted and being the only female shape shifter sucked. The only woman her age she could talk to were the pack's girlfriends and wives, they all had happy fulfilled lives and men who loved them devotedly. It wasn't that she didn't like them; it was just that she didn't fit in with them. Leah had been thinking about the incident with the vampires last year. Fortunately no wolves had been hurt, one vampire had been killed but all in all it could have been a lot worse. Leah had been totally ready to rip, tear and kill. But diplomacy ruled the day, unfortunaty. She had been half hoping that she could let lose for once, the time she had fought the newborn vampires had been the best day she had for a long time. Not everything had gone to plan that day either, Leah had wanted to show how good she was and Jack had gotten hurt. It still bothered her she could have been so selfish, but in the fight she felt as though for the first time she was really alive. Fighting was something she was good at and she wanted more of it. Sam had Emily, Jacob had Reseme even Leah's mum had been spending far too much time with Charlie the local cop. Vampires, humans and werewolves it seemed everyone had someone. The old wolf watched Leah pace the porch in the distance, she remind him of a caged animal. He had been watching her since the two vampire clans had faced off. Never having seen a female shape shifter before, he was intrigued, over the past year though his interest in her had changed into something else entirely. More often he was thinking of his late wife, his third wife and love of his life. Taha realized that even in wolf form he had grown out of the pain born from her death. Time had not healed his pain, it never would, but he could think of the good times they had. Live in the happy memories of her laughter. She would not have wanted him to live a pain filled existence; she would always want him to be happy. Perhaps it was time to rejoin his tribe. They may have still forgotten him be with having such a large group of wolves he could offer his services to rid them of the local vampire clan. Taha had no illusions that the Quiletutes must have formed the alliance for safety. There were enough humans in the cities to keep the vampires feed, but the fact that they had settled so close to the Quiletutes simply meant that the cold ones were getting clever and were most likely bidding their time before they took out the wolves. As Taha had been watching the areas over the past year, he had thought of a number of ways to kill the amber eyed vampires. Then he realized these vampires only hunted animals not humans. Taha desperately wanted to ask his tribe about this, but after running wolf for so long he wasn't sure how to approach them. The female wolf was intriguing, Taha had been watching her nearly every day now and was wondering if it was possible to imprint twice in one life. Chapter 2 Leah paced the wooden porch for another minute before silently giving in. Slipping inside she quickly disrobed in her room and pulled from the magic inside her and she felt the familiar shiver move down her back. Shifting into a wolf was easy now; it was the not turning into a wolf that bothered her. It was like the worst itch that you were desperate to scratch, and shifting was the only way to make it go away. Walking on all fours to the front door she nosed it shut with her head as she left, before Leah abandoned herself to run in the forest. It was nice not to have so many voices in her head now the packs had split into two separate groups. The silence as she ran was so freeing wolves thought differently and it was a welcome relief to human problems. Lately Leah had been having the most ridiculous dreams, that she was being watched by someone. She knew the dreams weren't real, but still it bothered her. The unknown watcher did nothing in the dreams; he just stood in the woods and no matter how she tried to chase him, was always out of reach. Leah told herself it was her subconscious trying to make her look for her life mate, someone to imprint on. But still she didn't want to leave her home La Push was her life and she had always wanted to live here. Sure, sometimes she was angry that college was now impossibility - but that was only because she wanted to be able to work a normal (but well paid) job in La Push. She could have been a nurse or a doctor, but now she was a Protector. Whether Leah wanted it or not. Leah ran through the forest pushing herself faster and faster till she felt like she was flying through the trees. She had pushed herself further than her brothers and as a result she was slowly becoming the fastest member in both packs. Without knowing it she had run straight to the clearing she saw in her dream the night before. Taha was watching when Leah left the house but got worried when she came directly to his watching place. Moving fast he fled back a few miles into the bush and then shifted to human to climb a tree and see if she was still coming in his direction. She had stopped where he had lay watching her and was now sniffing the ground that he had lain on. Taha wondered how good she was at tracking and whether he even wanted her to find him. Leah arrived at the clearing and was immediately puzzled, the ground looked like one of her brothers had been here, but the scent was unfamiliar. From here she noticed that she could see straight down the valley to her house and wondered if someone had been watching her after all. The scent was male definitely, but not a true wolf or anyone in the pack she knew and the scent lead off into the hills. Leah had not heard of anyone new who had made the change but it was possible that this was because the groups had split in two that the newcomer had not been slotted into a pack as she had, and would have to choose. If they didn't know about shifters before they changed they may have kept themselves secrete and separate from them out of fear and ignorance. Leah tried to reach Jacob and Seth but as they were not shifted into wolves right now they couldn't hear her. Making a quick decision she threw her head back and howled as loud as she could calling both packs to her. A few miles ahead she heard the sound of something loud hitting the forest floor and start moving away fast. Smiling to herself, Leah went from stillness to running in one fluid motion, as fast as she could towards the new wolf. No newbie shifter was going to out run her! Chapter 3 Leah remembered her own first few weeks as a new shape shifter, - her fear and confusion at what was happening to her. She had wanted to run away then too, but being new to having four legs she was no match for the other wolves in the group and they had simply paced with her waiting for her to calm down enough to listen to them. She could hear the new wolf ahead in the distance as he ran through the trees. Jacob was in her head the next second as he and Seth phased into wolf and started towards her position. " What's happening Leah?" Jacob had been at Bella's house as usual hanging out with Renesmee . " What up?" Seth was right behind Jacob, he had been at the leeches' house getting Carlisle to help him with his homework. " We have a new wolf in town boys" Leah couldn't keep the excitement out of her 'voice'. " Who?" Jacob was intrigued; no one had made the change for a year now. " I don't know but I think he was watching my house, possibly someone who just turned, and is panicking is my guess." Leah replied as she ran. " I'll tell Sam and see what he wants to do, for now keep on him and make sure he's safe. We are coming to you but