Hello Guarding Daisies readers! I am so thankful that you still follow this story and are still interested in it. As long as you keep liking them and telling me other one-shots you want to see, I will continue writing them. I must say however that this one-shot is my favourite that I have written so far. Make sure to leave me a comment and tell me your thoughts! I would also love to know what kind of one-shots you would like me to write next. Finally, I know this was late. I work with a beta (editor) which means I can only post as fast as she can edit. She edits a lot for me so I try not to rush her to much. Anyways I hope you enjoy this one shot and that it was worth that wait! XO "Peeta, can you stir the stew? It needs to simmer for an hour before we eat. I want it to be ready for when the kids get home from school." I ask as I begin chopping some fresh vegetables for a salad. "Sure hun," Peeta responds, getting up from the kitchen island stool and walking to the stove. "Speaking of school. . .did you see the textbook Calum brought home last night?" Peeta asks as he stirs our dinner. I stop chopping for a moment. "Rebellion History. He's in year six now; we knew it was coming. Aspen got it when she was his age." "I know it's just. . .I get nervous when he hears information like this from people other than us." Peeta replies. "Well, he has to learn it eventually. I think it's good for him." I begin. "Remember with Aspen? I was so much more anxious about it then you, but it helped clarify a lot of her fears about things. It will probably help him ask more questions and we can of course help him understand so he won't be fearful." "He's just so innocent. I feel like we're scaring him with these facts." I put down my kitchen knife on the counter and walk over to Peeta. He continues to stir our dinner, so I wrap my hands around him from behind, resting my head on the top of his back. "Those are the moments when you have to remember that there could have been much more frightening things he could have had to deal with." Peeta carefully turns around so that he is facing me, only a few inches from my face. I feel his warm hands slide onto my hips, pulling me closer to him. "I don't know what I would do without you." He says, pressing his lips into mine. I smile through our kiss. "I don't know either." I reply with a wink. He smiles at me. Peeta and I part, and I watch him open the cupboard to grab four plates from the shelf. "Oh, I forgot to tell you; Aspen is bringing a friend over for dinner." I interrupt. Peeta reaches for a fifth plate. "Again? Kinley was just over here the other day." "I know," I reply, "I just like seeing that she's making friends." Aspen was a lot like myself growing up when it comes to friendship. She has had a very difficult time making friends and socializing with people. She has always been close to Gale's son, Alton, but as they got older, they grew apart a little. However, this year Aspen met a girl in her year named Kinley, and they have been spending quite a bit of time together. Especially at this age, I feel like it is important for her to have female friends to associate with. Suddenly, the front door opens and Calum walks in with his book bag dragging behind him. He is not frowning, but his face looks completely unimpressed and irritated. He is a very kind and selfless boy, so it is rare to see him with this type of expression. I wait for Aspen to walk in close behind him, but it does not happen. The two of them usually come home together and are rarely apart. "Where's your sister?" I ask, walking up to my son and pushing his messy blonde curls out of his face before kissing him on the forehead. "She wouldn't let me walk with her today." He replies, rolling his eyes and hopping onto the kitchen stool next to Peeta who places a cup of milk in front of him. "Why not?" Peeta asks. He lifts the cool drink to his mouth and takes a long sip before setting it back down and wiping his lips. "She's walking home with a new friend." He replies. I lift my eyebrow and look at Peeta who has the same perplexed expression written on his face. Aspen and Calum are very close siblings and they get along extremely well; they are never separated on their after-school walks home. They may walk with friends as well from time to time, but they are always together. Just before I can question Calum even more, the front door opens again. I see Aspen step in and she is looking over her shoulder at the person behind her with a genuine smile. She steps into the house and for the first time, I get a visual on this new friends of hers. Rather tall in build, an inch or two taller than Peeta already. Hair is cut rather short and is a dirty blonde colour that is almost brown. I get a quick glimpse at the eyes and find green circles staring back at me. "This is Bowen." Aspen says, walking forward to me, gesturing to the boy behind her. I manage to catch his name through the initial shock of the fact that my daughter has brought a boy home for the first time. She is sixteen, so I guess I should have been better prepared for this than I am. Many of her peers are already interested in boys. I guess somewhere deep down inside, I just hoped this day would never come because I know how difficult the world of male to female interaction can be for a young girl. I manage to put a smile on my face to step forward and shake his hand. I can tell he seems a little nervous and tense. I can feel the moisture on his hands as they connect with mine. "It's nice to meet you, Bowen. I'm Aspen's mother." He smiles again as our hands part. "It's nice to meet you also, and thank you for having me over." "Aspen, I wish you would have told me you were bringing Bowen over." I say, turning to my daughter. "She didn't tell you? I'm sorry for imposing on your evening." He adds with a sympathetic look. "I told you I was having a friend over." Aspen defensively replies back to me. I tilt my head and glance at her because she knows very well what I really mean. Bringing a boy home is much different than bringing a familiar female friend over for dinner. "Not to worry, Bowen. We are glad you have you." I reassure him. "If it makes you feel any better, she didn't give me a detailed copy of the itinerary either. She is rather stubborn, your daughter." Bowen replies, bumping Aspen gently in the side with his hip. He smiles at her and I watch her face light up after seeing his bright eyes. I decide then that I like Bowen. He seems very genuine and lighthearted, which is actually something I have desired for my daughter. I pictured her with someone fun, positive, and who does not take everything in life as seriously as she does. I look over my shoulder to Calum and Peeta who are watching from the kitchen; both with unimpressed looks upon their faces. I honestly can not help but chuckle at them. They are both very protective over Aspen and I know that seeing her enter this stage in her life must be hard for them to swallow. "Bowen, this my father and brother, Calum." Aspen adds as she leads him to the kitchen to the boys. I follow close behind them. Bowen reaches out his hand to Peeta. Peeta looks at him closely for a moment before he connects his hand with his, giving it a firm shake. "It's a pleasure to meet you Mr. Mellark." Says Bowen kindly. "You as well." Peeta replies sternly and completely out of character. Coming from a man who uses words so fluently and naturally, seeing him like this is different. I have never really seen Peeta so reserved before. He gets along so naturally with everyone and accepts all people as they are. But right now, Bowen is getting the cold shoulder from Peeta Mellark. I can see the expression on Bowen's face change. He went from beginning to feel somewhat comfortable again to right back down to square one thanks to Peeta's apprehension. Everyone in Distirct 12 knows how friendly Peeta is so this is a drastic turn of events. Peeta helps me set the food onto the table as Aspen and Bowen chat on the front porch. Peeta opens the front window curtains to keep a better watch on the pair. I can only roll my eyes and chuckle at his actions. "Hun, he's a nice boy. I don't think you need to watch him this intensely." I tell him, crossing my arms in front of me. "She is only sixteen, Katniss. And we don't even know him." He replies. I chuckle. "Only sixteen? Coming from the guy who was in love at five years old." "That was different." He rebuttals. "I also remember sharing our first kiss at sixteen." I add, stepping closer to him and wrapping my arms around his neck, pulling his gaze away from the window. He hesitates for a moment; his eyes still fixated on our daughter. Yet, eventually he pulls my body closer to his, his hands resting upon the small of my back. "I just don't want her getting hurt." I move my fingers through his soft blonde waves. "Well, that's where we have to come in. We have to show her that no matter how many boys come along, no matter how many broken hearts she will feel, we will always be here to help put the pieces back together again." He kisses me quickly. "How did we ever get here? It seems like yesterday she was starting school. . .and now, she's bringing boys home…" I move my hand to his cheek. "She grew up on us Mr. Mellark." "I'm afraid she did Mrs. Mellark." He kisses the top of my head and I smile at him. Just like everything else is life, we will tackle this together. We don't even have to say it, we both just know. The five of us sit around the dinning room table for dinner. It is rather awkward at first because none of us really know what to say. Yet, I notice how every few seconds Bowen looks over to Aspen out of the corner of his eye. He looks at her as if at any second, she might disappear. But after the satisfaction of seeing that she is next to him, the corners of his mouth turn upwards. "So Calum, how was your day at school?" Peeta asks, breaking the silence, but diverts the conversation only to our son. Calum puts down his fork at looks at Peeta. "Well, it was pretty rough if must admit. First my art teacher made me redo my project because she said I had to use the paint colours given. I started mixing them like dad showed me and she took away my paper." He is talking a mile a minute. I look at Peeta and he is smiling. "And in math class, I only got the third highest mark on the test because