A/N: Sorry for not posting in like, forever. I apologize, I was busy with other things in my life. Anyways, this is my second story, The Kalends of July . Hope you enjoy, although it has some slight Jason/Piper and Percy/Annabeth. Sorry if Jason or Percy are ooc at all, I tried to portray both of them as best I could. Special thanks to merines for giving me advice on writing. Hope you like it! Edit : To my readers who read the initial version of this story, I sincerely apologize for the crap-state that it was in. It was shameful to look at it every time, so I decided to fix the structural mistakes and even added a few minor details here and there. In order to keep the integrity of the original work, however, I'm leaving the original commentary. Lastly, to any person reading or rereading the first chapter, know that in the middle of the story there will be shifts in points of view. I fixed it so that the shifts should be smoothly transitioned. Disclaimer: Percy Jackson & the Olympians does not belong to me as the series and the sequel series The Heroes of Olympus rightfully belongs to Rick Riordan. "Oh, honey, it's okay. No need to be so mad," Aphrodite said to Ares in a useless attempt to console him. Aphrodite was used to his nonsense by now, so she was doing her semi-best to cheer him up. But even when she's dealt with this problem for so long, she couldn't seem to do anything for Ares this time. "It's been six years—I'm sure he's not even thinking about it!" The god of war looked at her as his nostrils flared. "I don't care if it's been six years or 600," Ares bellowed. "I want to kill that punk!" The two were sitting in someplace in Pennsylvania beside a lake. They were at a restaurant and decided to sit outside, the sun shining ever so brightly even on a cool day. But, of course, the weather was the last thing on either of their minds as Ares kept on having his fit. "The kid needs to die." "I'm sure Poseidon wouldn't like to see his son die, especially by your hand," reminded Aphrodite. "You wouldn't want to get on his bad side. Besides, why can't you just drop this grudge you have?" "Remind me, honey , what's my domain?" Ares wasn't calming like he normally would. Aphrodite sighed and replied with her chin resting on her hand, "War." "War. Exactly. Now, if I'm the god of war, and a kid like Percy Jackson beat me, that makes me look really bad." Ares sat back onto his chair and folded his arms across his chest. "Son of Poseidon or not, that little snot deserves to be punished." "But he's just a kid. Percy's done plenty other things to make up for the fact that he did that to you, so please just drop it. Plus it's not good for your skin to be so mad." The goddess of love chuckled behind a fan that looked like it belonged to the Renaissance. She fanned herself as Ares looked at her with a controlled angry face, a face Aphrodite was oh so used to. "Okay. I'll drop my grudge against him if you do me a favor. I swear on the River Styx to never talk about this 'incident' again if you do the favor for me." In the distance, the two of them heard thunder rumble. Aphrodite lifted her face off her hand and looked at him cautiously. "By 'favor', what exactly do you mean?" Ares smiled devilishly at her. "Do something to him to make sure he regrets ever beating me in the fight. I don't care what you do, but make sure it's humiliating." For once, Aphrodite smiled back at Ares. "Oh! I have the perfect plan. And since you won't talk about it anymore once I do it, I'm happy to oblige." Ares took a sip of his beer and put the drink down. "What's the plan?" "Oh, just some twists and turns," was all Aphrodite said. -PJ&TO!- "Hey, Percy. C'mere real quick, would you?" Leo called over. "Dude, you have to check this out." Percy walked across Camp Jupiter's grass over to Leo. "What is it, Leo?" Leo wore his traditional orange t-shirt that read CAMP HALF-BLOOD and blue jeans smeared with black grease all over them. He carried a wrench from which Percy assumed he grabbed out of his signature tool belt that was around his waist. He stood next to Leo and gave him a half-annoyed, half-confused look. "So remember how in Rome, I went with Hazel and Frank and I found scrolls from Archimedes' archive?" "Umm. Sure?" Percy replied with one eyebrow raised. Like Leo, Percy too wore his orange t-shirt and jeans, but his jeans were clean, and his arm still branded the SPQR tattoo. Leo smiled, "So I was studying one of his designs for a long time and I finally managed to crack the design for his control sphere!" He was practically jumping up and down from excitement. When he settled down, he picked up a bronze sphere with weird buttons on it. "You see?" Percy laughed. "That's real cool. What can it do?" he asked, with a little more curiosity in his voice. Leo pointed at a statue at a square. Leo pressed a few buttons and the statue turned into an automaton that started to dance. "Now that's interesting. Nice, Leo." He patted him on the back. As Percy began to walk away, Leo continued to mess with the buttons excitedly and making the automaton play twister with some Romans. It was the 29th of June and Percy, for once not being allowed to go on a quest, had nothing to do. They had rescued Nico, escaped Tartarus, and defeated Gaea. But even with the second Pax Romana and the Pax Graeca , there should always be some quests that Percy can do, even if it's something stupid like getting a stick off a mountain for Demeter. Percy sighed as he kicked some dirt and rested on a column. And where was Annabeth? he thought. As if on cue, a blonde girl with stormy, gray eyes bounded around the corner, holding a notepad in her hand. Her hair bounced as she walked and the sun's rays did their best to make her hair look as golden as possible. The son of Poseidon got up from the pillar and walked towards her, the both of them smiling. Annabeth wrapped her arms around Percy's neck and Percy put his arms around her waist. "Hi," the daughter of Athena said. "Sorry I wasn't here earlier, I was with Piper and Jason planning his birthday party." Percy raised an eyebrow. "Birthday party? When's his birthday?" Annabeth rolled her eyes as if the answer were the most obvious thing in the world. "It's the first of July. He didn't get to celebrate it last year because we were in Europe. But Piper wanted to do something nice for him so we decided to throw him a party." He contemplated this. "Is there anything I can do to help? I've been bored all day." Annabeth uncoiled herself from Percy's arms and checked her notepad. "Um, not sure. Maybe you can ask Jason?" Percy nodded and the two walked off to go find Jason and Piper. They reached the Pomerian Line and Terminus scanned them both to make sure they had no weapons. When they passed, they entered New Rome and went directly to the Forum. Piper and Jason were standing together, talking about gods-know-what. Piper turned, "Oh, hi Percy. We were just planning Jason's birthday party." Jason chimed in, embarrassed, "Yeah, even though I told her she didn't have to." "But she wanted to do something sweet for you, so just be happy with it," Annabeth said excitedly. "By the way, we came back because Percy—" "Wanted to ask you," Percy interrupted, "if I could help with anything." He gave Annabeth an I'm sorry look and continued. "I've been bored all day and I actually did want to help you guys." "Uh, Piper and Annabeth, could you excuse us for a minute? I need to speak to Percy in private about something." Piper and Annabeth exchanged glances. "Sure," Piper finally said, albeit rather uncertainly. The two walked off somewhere that was out of earshot from the two. Jason leaned closer to Percy as an added measure of security, "Do you know how to dance?" Percy looked at him as if to ask " Are you serious? " The Sea Prince laughed quietly. "Yeah, I danced with Annabeth before. Why?" Jason looked down, "Because… Piper suggested that I dance with her during the party and Annabeth liked the idea, so she insisted it. So I just decided to say yes. The problem is that I don't know how to dance." Percy laughed again. "Dancing's easy; it all really depends on what the dance is." He looked at Piper. "Do you know what the dance is?" "The waltz," the son of Jupiter replied. "I… Don't know how to waltz." "I know how to waltz, and I'll be more than happy to teach you." Percy smirked at him. "It's as easy as one-two-three." Jason sighed in relief. "Thank the gods," he smiled brightly. "Maybe now I won't have to worry so much. And Piper will be happy, too." "Yeah. When do you want me to teach you?" "Preferably tomorrow, if that's okay with you." "That's one day before the party though, before your birthday. Don't you need to set up the party?" "Nah, it's just a birthday party. Besides, I can let the girls handle that." Jason looked at Piper and Annabeth in the corner, "Anyways, isn't a birthday party better when the birthday person doesn't know what's going to be there?" Percy pondered that thought for a moment. "I… I guess you're right. Alright, I'll help you." Jason smiled at the son of Poseidon and patted him on the back. "Thanks. I owe you one." Percy replied with a shrug of the shoulders and a "don't mention it." The day was reaching its death as the sun slowly began to sink beyond the New Roman horizon. Jason had beckoned for both Piper and Annabeth to return and when they came back, Piper asked the question, "So what'd you guys talk about?" Percy and Jason exchanged glances and Percy spoke up, "Nothing, really. Not sure why he told you two to leave in the first place." Annabeth looked straight at Percy with her stormy eyes, looking as if she hadn't bought it at all—but Piper did. "Oh, alright," said Piper. Annabeth proceeded to grab Percy's arm and pulled him, notifying the couple that they were departing. "We have to go now, but we'll talk to you tomorrow, okay?" She didn't give them a chance to reply as she dragged him outside of the Forum. -PJ&TO!- Percy woke up of his own accord with Annabeth in his arms. They were in one of the houses in New Rome all by themselves, a sort of "gift" given to them for whenever either stayed. Of course, the house wasn't theirs as it was a rented one, but they didn't have to pay a single denarii for it. Percy lay clothed on a couch where the two of them had fallen asleep together the night prior; they were watching " Don't Forget the Gods!" , a ridiculous show on Hephaestus TV where demigods or other spirits would receive a category and they would have to name all of the gods and goddesses that fell into it, and to the tune of a popular song, for drachma . The daughter of Athena was still sleeping, so Percy decided to be cautious to avoid disturbing her. After getting up, he changed clothes and brushed his teeth and used one