/!\Author's note/!\ : This story, « The Good Idiotic Girl & The Mastermind Criminal » , will not be as amusing as it would sometimes seem. On the contrary, it would be mysterious and sometimes a little dark . Although it is a story based on « The Lord of the Rings » , it will take time until my two OC's get dropped into Middle Earth ; unlike a great number of fan-fictions of a girl falling into Middle Earth and becoming the Tenth walker of the Fellowship, my story will talk about a young French student, Marie Timothée , going on a trip in Japan. Things will go downhill when she realizes that she is the target of yakuzas who have business with her – what business, I won't tell you in my note, that would be cheating. The second woman is Daichi Matsumoto , someone just as deadly than she is mysterious... Reviews are accepted and asked, because I love reading your critics . /!\ Warning /!\ : This fan-fiction is rated M . Lemons & scenes of violence will be described. Disclaimer : I'll do the disclaimer for the whole fiction – I don't own « Lord of the Rings » and its characters, everything belongs to the legend who created this : Professor Tolkien. Only Marie Timothée, Daichi Matsumoto & a couple of other characters that will come in further chapters are a product of my imagination. The Good Idiotic Girl & The Mastermind Criminal I – Chased It was a good day to visit Shinjuku ; the sun was bright and the Japanese capital was humming with so much strenght that Marie Timothée was constantly smiling like a goof and pratically jumping up and down. She had made it, she was finally in Japan ! Grabbing her smartphone, the young woman texted two of her best friends and even took a picture of a store which sold many stuffed animals – of course, the panda was her favourite. After this, she started walking through the crowd. Marie felt quite at ease for someone who wouldn't stand a chance through the maze of Tokyo : she didn't move like some foreigner coming from a faraway country like France, but rather like someone who had previously read a map of the city and must have recorded somewhere the ways to get to any site without getting lost. Quite clever for a nineteen-years-old girl who had managed to lose herself inside the airport while looking for the restrooms. She wasn't really fluent in Japanese but still got her way through the words and had proved to be efficient enough to travel with some of her schoolmates ; their Japanese teacher had the brilliant idea to offer a trip to Japan to those who will manage to get a good mark at his last exam and Marie had been fortunate (or maybe hard-working) enough to obtain one of the best marks of the class, granting her place to this trip. The sight of a good-looking restaurant caught her attention and she stopped. Only now she noticed that she was hungry. ''Les seuls sushis que j'ai pu manger en France ne doivent certainement pas avoir le même goût que ceux qui sont faits dans le pays même,'' Marie smiled as she approached the restaurant. ''J'espère que les nouilles seront bonnes aussi.'' She ignored the people who cast her curious glances and entered. The Japanese style had always been something she admired ; it held this relaxing sensation that could sedate an enraged tiger and Marie just couldn't help but feel really peaceful while observing her surroundings. The restaurant was merely decorated with dragon figurines scattered on the shelves, the walls were painted with fiery colours as red and orange – the colours of the sun – and gave this restaurant an impression of warmth. It was rather full with clients at this time of the day and the cheerfulness Marie could hear and sense was enough to send her in high spirits. A pretty woman dressed in a traditional kimono came towards her, smiling warmly. '' Kon'nichiwa !'' she said with a pleasant voice. '' Anata wa nani o shitaidesu ka ?'' Marie took a moment to collect the words in her head, then responded several seconds later. '' Watashi wa koko de tabetai, onegaishimasu. '' Her accent wasn't perfect but still, it was understandable. The older woman nodded with a smile. '' Kokode wa, misu .'' She led her through the tables, moving swiftly and Marie wondered if all Japanese could move like that or if it was because of some martial art training. The French girl sat at an empty table, thanked her guide and surveyed the rest of the people around her. There were children chomping on their food and talking at the same time, sometimes spitting morsels and having their parents scolding them, old couples enjoying their meals and certainly speaking of the last visit of their son with his girlfriend. There were also Japanese schoolgirls in their uniforms, talking excitedly over something Marie couldn't catch, for they were so quick in their native language and she still wasn't very used to this. For everyone that knew her, Marie Timothée was a girl full of flaws and though she tried to work on it, it sometimes ended bad. She was a bubbly girl who couldn't and won't ever learn how to shut up, it was a pointless thing she failed to grasp. She was a curious girl who liked to ask every kind of question to everyone she deemed interesting to catch her attention long enough to make her forget something quite important – like forgetting to put panties before putting clothes on, her mother had teased about this for more than a month. There were other flaws she refused to admit, and maybe even more. ''Have you made your choice ?'' '' Hein ?'' Marie startled and looked up from the menu to find herself staring at two bright brown eyes. There before her sat a very beautiful Japanese woman. She was wearing a black Fedora hat on her mid-long raven hair, a navy blue blouse with braces holding her generous chest firmly in place. This style reminded Marie of the criminals from the 1930's but surprisingly, it looked really good on this woman. It took Marie some time to remember that the older woman has just asked her a question – in English, though her Japanese accent made her question thick. She blushed furiously at her stupidity. ''Um...who are you ?'' the French student questioned in the same language with furrowed brows. ''And...why are you sitting at my table ?'' ''The other tables are occupied, if you hadn't noticed,'' she answered smoothly. She was right : all the tables around her were occupied with other clients as well, leaving Marie and her interlocutor together. She turned back and focused her gaze on her hands, still blushing. She could feel the other woman staring at her with such intensity and that was disturbing her. Madly. She wasn't used to be stared at like this, not even by many boys, and what was the most unsettling was the fact the Japanese in her criminal style didn't appear very embarrassed : looking up shyly, Marie slightly jumped upon seeing those two brown orbs observing her. ''So ? Your choice ?'' The younger woman sighed. ''I-I'll take some sushis, noodles and rice balls. And some tea,'' she added before forgetting. Why am I so embarrassed ? '' Kanpeki ,'' the Japanese replied. She beckoned a waiter and ordered Marie's meal with a disarming smile that would sway every buffoon in her college. The waiter nodded and departed, leaving the two women alone. Again . Again, there was that silence that hung between them. Not that Marie wanted to break it and ask new questions, but it was becoming really irritating to be stared at without talking. She liked to talk freely without having someone to confuse and intimidate her, that was seriously unnerving. To her utter astonishment, Marie found herself wanting to stay quiet. ' Why ' was a very good question she was still wondering herself, also wondering why this woman wasn't leaving ; there must be a good reason to explain her presence at her table, a reason that would make Marie believe that curiosity over a French girl alone in a restaurant wasn't the answer she was expecting. As a Gaikoku no , Marie didn't know what to expect. Japanese and French were two different kinds of people both in mind and in moral, if only those were the only differences she could come up with. Having spent this entire year studying their political system and traditions, Marie had thought that talking and getting to know some people around her age would help her understand their way of thinking. Schoolgirls were her first choice of people, but she suspected that their only subject would be their favorite J-Pop singers (and this wasn't a smart idea, to be honest.). ''Who are you ?'' Marie felt herself asking before she could hold her tongue and she cursed herself in French. ''I was wondering when you would finally open your mouth or if I had to kick you in the shins to make you speak,'' her interlocutor said and Marie could feel the smile in her voice, though she couldn't meet her eyes. ''My name is Daichi Matsumoto. Why I am here in front of you is, I think, going to be difficult for you to believe.'' This time, Marie raised her head to look at Daichi. ''Really ?'' She didn't know where this confidence come from but the surprise she felt was too great to let it pass. ''What makes you think that ?'' Daichi crossed her long legs and pulled out something from her pocket. ''Tokyo is a beautiful city, but danger remains well hidden in the shadows and strikes when we aren't watchful,'' she said. ''Everybody knows for a fact that lingering in a place for too long is asking for kidnapping or, in worst cases depending on which gang we face, death.'' By the time she was talking, Marie's meal had arrived, but she seemed not to have noticed or she simply didn't care. She frowned and took her chopsticks after some minutes of confused silence. ''What are you talking about ? I can't understand anything you're saying.'' Am I having a conversation with a freak ? ''While you're gulping down your noodles like some hungry ox, orokana furansugo , look around you and tell me what you can see,'' Daichi was still as calm and serene as from the beginning, still observing Marie eat her meal. The Japanese woman smiled when her French interlocutor scowled at her and tilted her head. ''Don't give me that look and do what I told you.'' Marie stared, unsure and distrustful. What was up with that Daichi Matsumoto ? Why was she telling her to look around ? The student swallowed her noodles and opened her mouth to protest when Daichi raised a long elegant eyebrow, her eyes blazing and suddenly hard to look at. It took Marie a great inner strenght not to shiver. There was something weird with that woman. Nonetheless, she decided to look around her while eating her noodles. What was she supposed to see ? There were new clients in the restaurant, chatting and laughing. Merriment could be heard everywhere ; the few women present here were sitting on their men, forgetting any sense of self-respect when greedy hands began to stroke certain parts of their bodies – Marie had to blush at that – without caring if someone was staring or not. What she found strange and uneasy was their clothing ; where it seemed sometimes too formal or too street on the men, it looked outrageously provocative on the women. But at least it was just on her right.