The Flower Shop AN: Just a little fanfiction inspired by a beautiful fan art I found drawn by Trickster of Thieves. Link: http: slash slash www dot zerochan dot net slash 1765804 I have written it as little ficlets revolving around Legolas. I hope you enjoy my first attempt at LOTR fanfiction and I apologise in advance for my horrible spelling and gramma I have no beta and my editing still are lacking. The Flower Shop Aragorn Aragorn smiled nodding to the old man as he exited the antiques store and continued down the street. It was his first day as the district police officer and he made it his first priority to introduce himself to all the local shop owners. Next was the florist on the corner, simply named 'The Flower shop'. From the simple green paint of the walls and glass door flowers and foliage of every colour spilled forth taking over half the sidewalk. Aragorn had to skirt around bunches of jasmine and gladiolus to reach the door inhaling their sweet scents before finding himself in a new world filled with hanging baskets over flowing with orchids and hydrangea cushioned from below by carpets of white carnations and bouquets interceded with green leaves of varying shades. "Hello?" he called out gently pushing a hanging vine to the side so he could see towards the back where the sunlight streaming through the front windows did not reach. "Anybody here?" he asked again stepping into the twilight gloom passing a display of twisting carefully tendered bonsai trees. Finally he reached the counter set under the soft light of a lantern and sporting an ancient looking cash register with press buttons and a lever to open the cash draw. "Oh," a voice full of surprise came from his left and he turned spying a young man stepping from a door concealed by a large palm. Blue eyes shone from a pale face as a soft mouth fell into a smile, his long blonde hair spilling from under a green and white tartan bandana that covered his ears. He wore a simple cream t-shirt and jeans under a plain green apron and in his arms he held a bunch of bright yellow sunflowers, "I'm sorry I didn't realise I had a customer." "Oh no," Aragon stuttered sliding his hat from his head, "I'm ah, I'm the new. I'm Aragorn. I'm taking over from Theoden as your local police officer and I thought I should introduce myself to the shop owners." Aragorn managed to find his voice and finish his prepared speech. "Aragorn," said the florist testing the sounds on his tongue giving the police officer the feeling he was relearning something from long ago, "It's a pleasure to meet you Aragorn, I'm Legolas," he introduced himself juggling the sun flowers so he could hold out his hand. "You own this shop?" Aragorn asked politely taking the offered hand. "Yes, I've been here for some time," Legolas offered him a wiry smile hinting at a joke. "Even longer than Gandalf," Aragorn grinned back referring to the old antiques dealer next door. "Mmm," Legolas hummed eyes twinkling not really giving an answer, "What happened to Theoden?" he asked his own question to distract the curious police man. "He retired, but his nephew Eomer is still working in the station," Aragorn answered happily. "I hope he takes the time to enjoy it," the florist replied kindly eyes focused on the man before him. "Right well I better keep going," Aragorn said quickly feeling awkward under the intense blue eye and not knowing why. "Of course," Legolas smiled eyes dropping slightly making Aragorn follow his gaze. "Ah right sorry," Aragorn quickly dropped the florist's smooth hand cheeks flushing as he quickly made his retreat. "I hope next time you come by it will be to buy flowers," Legolas called after him a sly humour in his voice. "Right yes, see you," Aragorn called back stepping back into the heat of the day. Legolas followed the man as he navigated the buckets of fresh flowers at the front of the store and made for the gift shop across the street. It seems another had returned and the elf could not contain his joy. FLOWERS Frodo and Sam The young dark haired teen stopped suddenly in front of the flowers spilling across the sidewalk. "Frodo?!" his best friend exclaimed rubbing his nose where he'd bumped into the back of his friend when he'd stopped so suddenly, "What are you doing?" "Look, it could be prefect for you," Frodo grinned pointing to the poster stuck in the window of the florist's barely visible because of all the flowers that surrounded it. The young fair-haired Sam perked up instantly heart singing at the chance to find a job working with the plants he loved. Skirting around Frodo he moved closer careful of the delicate flowers now surrounding him, "Oh," his rounded face fell as he read the ad, "It says they need a drivers licence to drive the delivery truck." "You could do it Frodo, but I.." Sam stepped back dejected. He was a few months younger then his friend and had not had the chance to get his licence yet. "Wait, wait," Frodo moved forwards reading the ad for himself, "It says you have to have an affinity for flowers and plants, which I don't," he read stepping back and breaking the delicate stakes of a bunch of dasiy's emphasising his point. "Oh no, Frodo," Sam pulled his friend back making sure he didn't damage anything else, "We must pay for those now, we can't just leave them." Frodo frowned pulling the ruined flowers from their fellows, "I'll pay I broke them." "No, no you where looking at an ad for me, I'll pay," Sam insisted but Frodo turn on his heal and headed into the store before Sam could take the flowers from him. "No Sam its my burden to bare," Frodo replied disappearing in the foliage as Sam raced to follow. "Hello," greeted a pleasant voice from the longhaired blonde as he rose from tending a bucket of peonies, "What can I do for you boys?" "Are you, um I'm sorry I broke your flowers," Frodo tried not to stutter as he held out the sad broken stalks of the daffodils Sam at his shoulder. Legolas held out his hands and Frodo placed the poor flowers in his palms, "I'll pay for them." "It's ok," Legolas smiled at the two teenagers staring at his warily, "Accidents happen." "Um," Frodo turned looking between Sam and the ad pasted in the window, "I know you are only advertising for one but would you take two people?" he asked coming to a decision as he looked back at the Florist, "It's just that Sam is very good with flowers, the very best but he doesn't have a drivers licence. But I do and he could work in the shop and I could do the deliveries." "I don't mind if I don't get paid much, its just Sam needs a job to save for collage," the teen added waiting hopefully for an answer.. "Well when you put it like that," The elf grinned after a moment looking between the two young ones, "I can't really say no can I." "Oh thank you sir, thank you," Sam gushed grabbing Frodo's arm to stop himself from hugging his new employer. "But I won't hire you unless you'll both take proper pay," Legolas added inviting them further into the shop. The teens exchanged excited grins following quickly behind. FLOWERS Merry and Pip Sharp ears caught the crunch of a bucket and hissing voices as he attempted to explain to Frodo how to go about delivering his flowers. "Um Mr Green?" Frodo asked seeing the curious look cross Legolas' face as the Florist's attention wavered from his instructions. "I think we have customers," the elf replied moving back towards the front of the store. Frodo unsure what was going on followed. "I'm so sorry Mr Green," Sam gushed the moment he saw Legolas appear from behind the palm and spy the orange Daylily's lying in an expanding puddle of water, the bucket they'd been in crunched and broken, "I'll pay for them." "Ah, no it was an accident," piped up a voice from amongst the foliage. "Yes yes an accident," added in another voice. Two teen's stepped forwards a little sheepishly. "Merry, Pip!" Frodo exclaimed from behind his new employer seeing his mischievous friends, "What are you doing here?" Legolas crouched down next to Sam carefully picking up each blossom, "What happened?" he asked looking between the three culprits. "Ah well you see," Pip began. "We thought, you know that since Sam and Frodo were working here we thought we should come and visit," Merry continued. "And give them some moral support," Pip added quickly. "But you see with all the flowers we got a little lost," Merry finished the explanation, "And we ah bumped into the bucket." "Climbing behind the rack to scare each other is not getting lost," Sam scolded Merry helping the elf pick up the lily's. Legolas couldn't help but smile at the youngsters as he regained his feet, "Well if that's the case," he said carefully placing the salvaged lily's on the counter before moving behind it, "Then you can clean up," he offered the two trouble makers the mop. "Oh," They looked surprised both eyeing the mop warily. Sam moved to take it when his friends didn't move but Legolas held it out of his reach, "No Sam, you weren't the one to make the mess." Frodo eyes narrowed at his friend in warning and finally Merry pushed Pip forwards, "You knocked it over." "Alright alright," Pip sighed taking the mop and half heartily beginning his task. "And Merry you can clean those up," Legolas smiled at Merry pointing to the other up buckets up turned in Pip's attempt to hide from Merry. The other teen thinking he'd pushed the hardest task on his friend blanched looking at the tangled mess of buckets, "Are you sure you want me to do that, I mean I could damage them more." "I'm sure with Sam supervising you'll do fine," Legolas told him taking the lily's from Sam so he could keep an eye on Merry. "Now Frodo we have some deliveries to arrange," he continued motioning for the dark haired teen to follow him into the back, "Call if you need anything," the elf added to Sam looking pointedly between the two grumbling troublemakers. "Don't worry Mr Green, I'll make sure everything is done properly," Sam nodded eyeing his friends. "Now Frodo...," Legolas began as he disappeared behind the palm trusting Sam to sort out his friends. FLOWERS Gimli A clearing throat had Legolas looking up from wrapping a bouquet and laying his eyes on a tangle of red hair. "Gimli," He greeted the gift and chocolate shop owner and former dwarf putting the finished bouquet to the side. Gimli leaned towards the counter as Legolas leaned over it eyes meeting in a challenge, "Final count 42," the elf said counting the number of bouquets he'd sold that day. "42," Gimili repeated a smug tone in his voice, "That's not bad for a blonde haired, green glad Florist, I myself am sitting on a pretty 43," he drawled refereeing to the number of chocolate boxes he sold that day. Legolas shoved the bouquet on the counter into the red heads arms before he could blink, "43." "It doesn't count, I won't pay," he growled the thought of just dropping the bouquet not even entering his mind. "Oh but you will," Legolas smiled sweetly holding the Dwarf's wallet in his hand. "What how did you?!" Gimil exclaimed reaching to his back pocket with his free hand finding it empty, "You little!" "10 dollars should suffice," the elf continued slipping a $10 bill from Gimli's wallet and ringing up the former dwarf's