She stares, quietly and blankly as the fire flickers here and there, trying to warm her cold soul in this frigid night. She stares at it as she sits, motionless in the house that was given to her as a reward for all the gruesome things she had gone through and done. She sits and stares, thinking about all the horrible pain she had caused, not only to the people she had killed, but also to the people still surrounding her. It's a cold night, snow falling on the coal dusted grounds of the district. She knows there will be a blizzard soon, but she doesn't have to worry since she is in the 'safety' of her own, stable house. No, she doesn't need to worry anymore that they might not have enough heat to warm themselves or that they won't have enough food to last through the blizzards that usually last days. No, those days are over. So she sits there, and continues to stare. The fire is blown back as a gust of cold air tackles it, also hitting her. She does not move, not even flinch or shiver as the cold air chills her to the bone. She turns, to see who would be stupid enough to trudge to through the knee-deep snow with a forthcoming blizzard just around the corner. As the two men enter the house, they quickly shut the door behind them to prevent the harsh wind to extinguish the fire that has made a warm atmosphere throughout the whole house. They stomp their feet to rid of the snow clinging to their boots and hang their coats by the door. She stands from her position on the armchair without a word and proceeds to go to the kitchen as they follow behind her. Her mother and little sister are there, each holding a cup of warm tea. They look up as the group enters. "Peeta!" Little Prim squeals as she runs to him. "Hey there, Prim!" he says as he hugs her shoulders. She's has made a liking to him ever since he returned with her sister, always being kind and warm towards him, certainly kinder than her sister has ever been towards him. "Would you boys like a cup of tea?" her mother asks "That would be great Mrs. Everdeen." Peeta says politely as he lets go of Prim, who runs upstairs in an excited manner. As she busies herself with boiling the water for a new set, Katniss takes this opportunity to turn towards her two guests. "What are you doing here?" she asks rather rudely, but not caring. "Came to check on you, sweetheart." Her mentor grunted "Lover boy here dragged me to your house." He says annoyance evident in his voice. Obviously, he had just been dragged away from his alcohol and forced to clean up. Peeta only rolls his eyes "I had to check up on you too. I had to make sure you haven't died from alcohol poisoning." "Wouldn't be so bad if it happened" Grunted their mentor. She sighs "So, why are you here? There is a blizzard coming up." She informs them "We know, we just wanted to check if you guys were fine." Peeta says "And also, to give this to you guys, make sure you have enough bread throughout the blizzard." He says as he raises a bag she had not seen him carry. He sets it on the kitchen counter as he pulls out two loaves of freshly baked bread. Mrs. Everdeen comes back with a tray with three cups of tea for each of them. "Thank you, Peeta. I'll go store them in the pantry." She says as she takes the loaves of bread from him. The three of them sit on stools as they sip the hot tea, not caring and actually enjoying the scorching hot liquid. A little burn on their tongues is nothing compared to what all of them have gone through, especially for the girl and boy on fire. They sit in silence as they continuously sip their tea; the only sound you can hear is the flicker of the flames in the fireplace. Suddenly, the silence is broken as they hear Prims loud stomps as she hurries down the stairs. She runs to Peeta with a sheet of paper and hands it to him, a wide smile lighting her face. "What's this?" Peeta asks as he takes the paper from her. He examines the paper and a smile grazes on his lips as he looks up to Prim. "This is very pretty, Prim." He tells her "Is this a primrose?" he asks as he points to the drawing. She nods and points at the corner of the paper "And this is a katniss plant." She says with a giggle. He smiles at her "Well, you're a very good artist, I think you would be a great painter if you weren't already a great healer." He smiles at her and she takes back the paper, blushing at his compliments. Katniss watches her sister and her supposed lover as they converse with each other, smiling at each other. She wonders to herself, how could she have ever hurt this boy who has been nothing but kind and compassionate to her. But then, she looks at her sweet, innocent little sister and she knows, she did it, to get back by her side. She watches as he tells her how to make the drawing more realistic. He points at where she should add more details to make the picture really pop out. Their conversation is interrupted when a loud knock comes from outside the door. She sighs, wondering who it is now. Does the dangerous weather mean nothing to anyone anymore? She asks herself. She moves to stand but Prim had already beaten her to it, yelling "I got it.", as she runs towards the door. "Gale!" she squeals. Her head snaps up, as she hears him come through the front door. She sneaks a glance at Peeta, whose face has fallen slightly. So slightly, that no one else in the room could have noticed it. But, she did. She looks towards Haymitch, who was looking at his cup of tea with a bored look on his face. As Prim appears through the kitchen door, she is followed by the tall build of Gale. He stops in his tracks half-way through the door, his smile melting off as he sees that she apparently has company. He looks down and clears his throat "I didn't know you had company, I'll come back later." He says as he turns around for the door. She just nods but Prim decided to speak up "It's alright Gale! We're just having tea, besides it's freezing out there, you can use a cup before you leave." He turns around and looks at her "If it's alright." He says, asking for her permission. She thinks this is stupid. He is always welcome in her house, no matter who is in it, so she only nods her approval to him and takes another sip from her cup. He slowly walks towards the kitchen counter where her mother has prepared another cup for him. He passes Peeta and they nod at each other, acknowledging the fact that they are both under the same roof as each other and her, but not quite liking it. She rolls her eyes as Gale takes his cup and stands at the corner of the kitchen counter, leaning against it as far away from Peeta as possible. "So, what brings you here, Gale?" she asks He shrugs "Just wanted to check up on you before the blizzard, I guess" he says as he takes a sip from his cup. After that comes silence. They continue to sip their tea rather uncomfortably, except for Haymitch, who doesn't seem to feel the tense air surrounding everyone. "What are they doing here?" Gale asks Before she could answer, Peeta had already opened his mouth to speak. "We came here to make sure they got enough bread to last through the blizzard." He says plainly "I'm sure they can survive a day or two without bread from you." Gales says "Well, I'm pretty sure she can survive a small blizzard without her needing your assistance." He counters back "From what I've seen, obviously, you can't survive anything without her taking care of you." He challenges. Peeta stands up from his chair and Gales lifts his chin higher, waiting for him to pounce on him. She lets out an exhausted sigh as she puts her cup on the kitchen counter, knowing this isn't going to lead anything good. She stands, "Enough! If you are just going to act like little boys then you might as well leave before the blizzard comes. I don't want any fights happening in my house." She says sternly. The two men in front of her continue to hold each other's hard and firm glares, their frowns twitching into scowls. After a few moments, Peeta decides to speak up "Let me be the mature one." he says as he settles back down on his stool. A small, smug smirk appears on Gale's face as he raises his cup to his mouth. "Wipe that smirk off your face, Gale" she snaps as she too, settles back on her stool. Ten minutes has passed in silence as they continue to hold their tea cups which have now turned cold. She turns to the clock and sees that it is only an hour until the predicted time of the blizzard will come. "You guys should leave, the blizzard should occur in about an hour and the Seam is about twenty minutes away." She says as she stands up "Go check on your family Gale." Gale eyes Peeta warily. She sighs "Peeta and Haymitch will be leaving exactly the same time as you will." "Alright" he says as he settles his cup onto the countertop. Peeta stands from his stool and drains his cup before putting it on the kitchen counter. Gale turns to her "Are you going to go hunting after the blizzard?" he asks her "I don't know. I don't think trudging through the snow in the forest is safe, and we probably won't get any good game anyway, due to the weather." She says He nods "Alright, I'll see you in a couple days then, Catnip." He says and turns to look at Peeta who is already pulling Haymitch out of his chair. He nods at her "Call us if you need anything, Katniss." He says and she nods. She walks them to the door when her mother stops them. "Oh Katniss, you can't let them out now. The blizzard has already started! It seems that the weather forecasters in the Capitol made a mistake. The blizzard started a few minutes after Gale came." Four heads turn to the window and sure enough, you can see nothing but white as the harsh wind blows the cold snow everywhere. You can hear the whistle of the wind if you listen hard enough and the sound of the wind hitting tree branches and shrubbery. "How are we supposed to leave now?" Gale asks "You can't." her mother says "By the way I see it, you step outside of my door you're going to be thrown back at least a few feet. We're going to have to wait it out until it gets calmer." "Oh goodie, a sleep over in your house." Haymitch grumbles in fake enthusiastic tone as he heads for the stairs. "Would you rather I kick your butt outside to trudge through the snow?" Katniss asks him, annoyance lacing through her tone. He grunts "I'm going to take your guest bedroom." He says as he ascends up the stairs She turns to the two of them "You're going to have to settle in the living room for the night." She says and they both nod.