Chapter 1, Bella's POV, "Kiss me Jacob " It was out of my mouth before I could think, Jacobs lips came crashing down on mine, and all thought left my mind. All I could focus on was this moment, this moment with Jacob. When Edward left me it devastated me and I was mess for months it was Jacob who brought me back to life. I never knew you could love more then one person at the same time, but now I know you can. I am in love with two completely different guys and I knew now I had to choose who I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. Edward was gone for six months and I survived, I couldn't talk to Jacob for a week and it almost destroyed me completely. I knew in my heart that I couldn't live without Jacob but I could without Edward. With Jacobs lips pressed against mine, his arms wrapped around me holding me tightly against him, I saw my future I saw all I could ever dream of and that was pure happiness. Being with Jacob I wouldn't have to change, I wouldn't have to leave my father or say goodbye to my friends. I knew Edward and his family would fight the newborns, but after that I would be saying goodbye to them I couldn't have them and Jacob in my life at the same time I had made my choice. I pulled away from him, gasping for breath putting my forehead against his to look into his eyes. I knew saying yes to marrying Edward was a mistake, I knew it would hurt Edward me leaving him but its something I had to do. I wanted to be with Jacob, I loved him with my whole heart, I knew Jacob is who I couldn't live without. Jacob brought me out of my thoughts. "That should of been our first kiss." Which made me smile at him, he was right of course but once this fight is over there would be plenty more kissing to come. "I gotta go, I'll be back" With that he left, I knew he had to go but I also didn't Want him to leave. I didn't want him to leave me here on this rock with Edward, I didn't want this to possibly be the last time I saw him. No I wouldn't let my thoughts go in that direction I would have faith in the wolves and faith that Jacob would come back to me. Now i knew I couldn't live without him I didn't Want to be separated from him. I walked back to where I left Edward and found him with Seth, I looked into Edwards eyes and knew he knew what me and Jacob had done, but I couldn't bring myself to feel guilty for it. "You saw?" He went to grab my hand but I pulled away from him, he was the reason Jacob found out about the engagement before the fight. I saw him frown but once again I couldn't bring myself to feel guilty. "No Jacob thinks really loudly" I nodded my head cause I had nothing else to say, not in this moment anyway everything I had to say could wait until after this fight was done. Before we could say anything else Seth made a sort of snuffling noise. Edward looked into his eyes for a moment then looked back to me. "Its starting" I didnt particularly want to hear about the fight, my nerves wouldn't take it so I was happy he didn't go into commentary mode, just gave me snippets. "Jacob just got there, his good" I nodded my head, cause what else could I say. Suddenly Edward had a panicked look on his face and I thought the worst someone must of got hurt. "Someone's hurt?" He didnt even look at me he stood right in front of me and looked at Seth speaking to him. "She's close, I can hear her thoughts. Go Seth" With that Seth ran, and Victoria showed up with another Newborn I knew it was Riley as I recognised his face from the missing posters my dad had been putting up. Edward was talking to Riley trying to get him to see that Victoria didn't really love him, me I couldn't focus on anything it was all surreal, like a nightmare that I couldn't Wake up from. Suddenly out of nowhere Seth jumps onto Riley ripping his hand off in the process, Seth began dragging Riley away while Edward focused on Victoria who seemed to try to run away. Edward described what he did to James, I knew he was trying to end this now, but I also knew he didn't kill James Jasper, Emmett and Alice did I remember that much from that night. Suddenly the fight was on, all I could see was white blurs, i could hear the noises which terrified me. I was bought out of my confused state by Seth's whine of pain, I looked over to him to see him laying on the floor I didn't think I just ran over to him. Edward was fighting both Riley and Victoria but I couldn't focus on that, all I could focus on was Seth. I put my hand on his head rubbing his ears softly, calling his name, "Seth, come you have to wake up" I felt movement and saw his eyes open he looked to me then over to Edward, which had me looking as well we both saw Edward on his knees with his head about to be ripped off. Thankfully Seth jumped up and ripped Riley away in time. It took all of five minutes for them both to ripe Riley and Victoria to pieces and the fight was over. Edward walked over to us when Seth started growling, "Something's wrong!" Edward pulled out his lighter and looked at me, "No Alice needs us to go" He lite the lighter then threw it onto Victoria's body which lite up like a Christmas tree. Edward grabbed me and threw me onto his back, then he was flying through the Forrest Seth following alongside. We got to the filed in seconds, Edward placing me on my feet carefully with us both walking over to Alice, I still had no idea what was going on until Edward asked Alice. "How long?" Then I knew the Vulturi were coming, but that still wasn't enough to make me change my mind, I had decided I would be with Jacob and that's what I was going to do. If push came to shove I would fake my death. "Five minutes maybe ten" Not long, but we all knew this could be a possibility. Carlisle spoke up this time. "The pack needs to leave, the Volturi wont honour a truce with the werewolves." I stopped listening to them cause I looked over to see Jacob coming out of the woods in his wolf form and it was all I could do to stop myself from running into him. Now would not be the time for any kind of conversation. I saw his eyes wonder across the field and I knew he was looking for me, so I just smiled at him. When suddenly Edward shouted something to Leah, we all looked to see her try to take on a Newborn who had already got his arms around her body, so Jacob jumped in and ripped the Newborn away from her only for the thing to wrap its arms around him. We all heard his bones break and his cry of pain. He hit the ground and phased back to human, when the other wolves jumped in to rip the thing to shreds, all I could see was Jacob in pain because of me. I ran, Edward got there with Carlisle already examining him, I hit the ground on my knees at the same time Jacob asked for me. "Bella?" "I'm here Jacob" I grabbed his hand tightly in mine, When Leah came back in human form with the rest of the wolves. "Jesus Jacob I had it" I just snorted at this, the stupid bitch didn't have anything. Thankfully Sam shut her up "Leah" Carlisle started talking to Sam, "I need to set his bones before they heal" Then Edward said something "We need to get him outta here we're not going to win a fight against the volturi " "We're take him back to Billy's" "I'll be there as soon as I can" We moved out of the way so the pack could pick him up to carry him out of the filed. I just hoped this whole volturi thing hurried up cause I wanted to be with Jacob. Alice shouted that they were coming, so I moved to stand with the rest of the Cullen's in a line, Edward tried to wrap his arm around my waist so I just moved out of his way and stood next to Rosalie. I looked up to see Jane, Dimitri, Alec and Félix walking out of the Forrest, to stand in front of us. Me I wanted no part of this meeting, I just wanted it over with. I drowned out what was being said as all I could think about was Jacob. I heard the screams of the Newborn being ripped apart then nothing, the volturi were gone. I could finally breath, this whole mess was over with now I could worry about my future and what it would mean for the Cullen's. I looked up to see Edward stood in front of me, "Come on we should go." I shook my head "I'm not going with you, I need to see Jacob and I want to speak to Rosalie" I looked to my side where Rosalie was stood, she was looking at me with a raised eyebrow, I took a deep breath. "Can I please talk to you?" She just nodded her head then looked to Edward and the rest, "Go on, me and Bella will follow you shortly." With that they all left, I took another deep breath and faced her with my head held high. "Come on then Bella what's this all about?" "I need your help." "What could you possibly need my help with?" I looked right into her eyes so she knew I was serious. "I don't want to be a vampire, I want to live a human life, I want to have children and grandchildren. I dont love Edward as much as I thought I did to sacrifice all of my wants and dreams to give up my humanity and become immortal." "Finally realized that truth of knowing theres more to life then just one person to love huh?" "Please Rosalie can you help me? I know i want more then what Edward can give me" "I'll Help you because I wish there was someone there to of helped me to not become what I am" "Thank you" "Do you have a plan?" Luckily I did. "I do, can you take me back to my house, I'm gonna pack some of my stuff tell my dad that I'm moving out. Then can your drop me to where my truck is parked and then follow me as far as you can go to the treaty line?" "So its the wolf you want?" "I love Jacob, more then I ever thought I could. I lived without Edward for six months so I know I can do it, but I can never live without Jacob" With that she turned around, crouched down abit and told me to get on her back. So I did, I tugged my face into her hair so I couldn't See the Forrest rush by me. We got to my house in record time, thankfully the lights were on so I knew my dad was home. Rosalie let me down and told me she would wait