WHAT GOES AROUND COMES AROUND! The beginning. Chapter 1, Jasper's POV, It's been sixty five years since I left Maria's army, it's been sixty five years since I've seen the love of my life, who was only brought over to this world because of me. I was once known as Major Jasper Dwaine whitlock, a honorable man who joined the confederate army to fight for what he thought was right. I was then taken and made into a vampire by the most evil person I have ever met. Her name is Maria, she brought me into this life to fight in her army, because she saw promise in me. I was in her army for a few days not doing anything, refusing to do what she wanted me to do unless she let me see my wife one last time, my wife Isabella Marie Whitlock, I married her before I left for the army. I didnt want to leave and not be able to provide for her at least with her being my wife I could. I was in the training barn with Maria's faveroute Jackson, evil son of a bitch when Maria came in smiling, she came over to me and told me she had a surprise for me and to follow her. So I did, what I didnt realize is she was leading me to the barn where we put all the humans that are being turned or in the middle of there change. She lead me into the barn and stopped in front of a female who looked to be well into there change. "Maria what is this?" "Look at her closely Major." So I did and thats when I noticed Maria had changed my wife. I was fuming, I roared so loud that I shock the roof of the barn. I picked Isabella up and craddled her in my arms, I turned to Maria with nothing by fury in my eyes. "What the fuck have you done? I am taking her to my tent nobody will bother me until she is awake." I left the barn and went back to my tent with Isabella. I never once left her side all through her change. When she woke up she was like no newborn I had ever seen, She had so much control it was amazing. I taught her how to hunt and I had to train her but I also had to protect her from Maria. Because as soon as Isabella awoke to this life I knew she was my mate. My soul mate and Maria didnt like that. She didnt like us soldiers having mates. Three weeks into Bella's trainning I noticed how well she was, she picked up fighting very well, and she was so fast. We then discovered her gift. She was an absorber. She could take anyones powers she wanted just by thinking about them or touching them. But not only that she was also a shield to, a physical one and a mental one. Handy powers to have while fighting in the newborn wars of course. Maria was over the moon and had Bella trainning everyday to expand her shield to protect Maria during battles. That in itself was difficult because Bella would always get her self in trouble with Maria by protecting me and not her. And Bella's arguement wasnt very good. She had a simple answer for Maria. He is my mate your not. Your just the bitch the ruined both of our lifes. Needless to say Maria wanted to destroy her but she also knew that me and Bella were the ones that won all the fights. Three years into our life here with Maria and she decided it was time to promote me and Bella. I was now her second in command and Bella was known as the captain. She was a lethal vampire and could fight without her gifts. She is the only vampire on this earth that to this day can beat me in a fight. Maria asked us to go into the changing barn and watch over the newborns because she had the regular guy killed for being an ass and getting rude to her. So we agreed. Thats were we met, Peter and Charlotte. Our family. They woke to this life much like Bella and that made our job so much easier. Bella and Peter became brother and sister and so did me and Char. They took my name Whitlock in this life. This was our life for well over a century, fighting for terratory, trainning newborns, fucking my beautiful mate. But also watching as she got more scars each and everyday knowing I couldnt do anything to protect her. Me and Bella had the most scars Peter had a few and Char was lucky to get none because Bella or Peter was always protecting her. Char was not much of a fighter but she was Peters mate, So Bella made sure she survived. My gift was empathy, and I hated it, I felt everyones emoitions all the time unless Bella put her shield up to protect me. It was worse when I was feeding though because I could feel everything they were before I killed them, also destroying the newborns at the end of there year mark. Its wise to say that life was destroying me, the man I wanted to be I couldnt do it anymore I needed to leave and take my family with me. It was going to be hard but I wanted it to happen. It was four days before the most important fight of our lifes, and Bella needed to hunt, so we all went. There was Me, Bella, Peter and Char. Bella said she had got Maria to agree to us going by sucking up to her. I didnt question it. Once we got about fifty miles away Bella said the one thing I never expected but the one thing I would always be gratful for but could never pay her back for. She stopped running with us and turned to us with venom in her eyes. I could feel her emoitions and there was so much pain. I still to this day remember what she said to us. "Guys this is it. The end of the line for. You all need to run, run far and fast do not look back until you are in a better place." We all looked at her like she was crazy. I walked over to her and grabbed her hand. "Darlin, what are you talking about? We aint running anywhere we have to go back." "No you dont. This is what I plainned with Maria. She knew we were coming hunting but she also knew I was hiding something. I am giving you all a chance at a better life. So take it go live be happy and never look back. Dont come looking for me. I am in this for life now. Maria is never going to let me out of her sight but there is still a chance for all of you." "I cant leave you, your my mate, my wife, I wont leave you. I cant I love you. I am not leaving you to this life. Come with us baby please. We can go far away where Maria can never find us. Please dont ask me to leave you." She looked into my eyes, and I knew what she would be seeing, Pain, heart wrenching pain. She cupped my cheek with her hand and smiled softly at me. I could still feel her emotions and they were telling me everything. There was pain, despair, loss, heartbreak, but determination. I knew she had made her choice and nothing or no one was going to change her mind. But I had to try. I couldnt leave her. But her next words got to me. "Baby I love you with everything I am, I always have and always will. This is not goodbye I will see you again. But for now we have to part ways. You have to go with Char and Peter and be happy. They can help you with feeding and the emotions. Baby please I cant live another day with you in this life. I will find you some day it may not be tomorrow or next month or even next year. But I will find you Jasper because my heart calls to yours and I can find you even if your a million miles away from me. Never forget that and never forget me. But be happy please find some happiness in this life." I put my hand on her cheek and looked into her eyes. "Darlin you are my happiness. But I know that I am not going to win this, so I will do what you want, I will go but you promise me that you will leave her and find me as soon as you can? You promise me that darlin can ya do that." "I can do that babe. I promise you with all my heart that I will find you someday and we will live for the rest of time happy together." "Thats all Im asking beautiful." With that I kissed her lips one last time before running away from her. I stayed with Peter and Charlotte and we brought this big ranch in Houston Texas and we made the best we could with our lifes. But feeding was still a problem for me. I couldnt stop feeling there emotions. So I was still pretty depressed. I went walking one day and found this beautiful meadow that held a lake, I remember thinking to myself how much Bella would love it. I sat down and just thought none stop of Bella and how much I missed her. It had only been a few days but I knew she was missing from my life. I was sat in this meadow for about three days before this pixie of a vampire comes bouncing along smiling and laughing. She see's me sitting there and the first things she says is. "You've kept me waiting soldier." "My appologieses Ma'am." She told me all about this coven of vampire's that feed off of animal blood and can live in sociaty with humans. It was hard to believe at the time, She told me about her gift, She has visions of the future they are not set in stone. She told me that she had seen us with the family happy together. Thats when I told her that I could never be happy without my mate. She told me that my mate would find me when the time is right. And that I am aloud to have a compainion while waiting for her. I didnt know what to do so I took her back to the house to meet Peter and Char. Yeah that didnt go down to well. As soon as they saw her Char hated her and Peter literally ripped my arm off shouting at me about how I have a mate and If I love Bella as much as I say I do I would be willing to wait for her. Thats When Alice said that she had seen this happening and told them that this Carlisle Cullen could help me with my feeding and depression. Peter and Char still were not happy and practicaly threw me out the door telling me if I could not honor and respect my mate then they wanted nothing to do with me Bella was and always will be there family. I havent spoked to Peter or Char since that day. Do I regret my decision of leaving most days yes. I miss my family dearly and have never really settled into this whole cullen life. I miss Bella everyday. The Cullens know me and Alice arent mated and that we are compainions. I sometimes find Alices emotions wrong she sometimes has longing in them