This is a rewrite of my twilight story, Paul and Bella. I have been going over all of my stories and I really don't like how I have left things out and made mistakes. So I have decided to start again on the stories that I have inspiration for. Chapter 1, Bella's POV, It's been three months since Edward left taking his family with him. He left me alone and broken in the woods, I was found three days later by Sam Uley. I knew when he took me into the woods that something was wrong, he had spent so long telling me that there was danger's out there and I shouldn't go in there on my own. What hurt most was everything he said to me, all the things he told the reasons why we couldn't be together. He was tired of playing human, I wasn't good enough for him or his family, Alice was sick of trying to make me into something that I was just never going to be. At first I fought for him, until he told me he didn't want me any more. That was what broke me, I had sacrificed so much to be with him, my friends my relationship with my dad, and he was throwing it all back in my face. I chased him first because I wanted to scream at him, I wanted him to know all the people I had given up to be with him, I wanted him to know how many times I had argued with my dad because Charlie always told me Edward wasn't good enough for me. But then I realised there was no point, because he had gone and while it hurt I knew deep down it was for the best. Unfortunately I had got myself lost in the woods which is why it took them so long to find me, I had wondered off of the trail and into deep brush. At first I was a mess, even though I knew the break up was for the better it was still a break up so I still cried for the relationship, but I got better, I threw myself into my school work I went out with friends, I even rebuilt my relationship with Jacob, my childhood best friend who I had lost due to being with Edward. I had always known Jacobs feelings for me, but I had never felt the same he was family and he always will be. We hung out most of the time, we had an easy friendship he came to my graduation with Charlie and his dad Billy. He threw me a party and he made me apply for different colleges. He told me I could do anything if I put my mind to it and I believed him. So I applied to the community college at first so I could do a few courses and still be here for Charlie, because I just wasn't ready to leave him or Jacob yet. It was Friday night our usual film night, and Jacob was late five minutes then twenty until two hours had passed and still no sign of Jacob, I started panicking, Jake had never been this late before, so I rushed to the kitchen write dad a note to say I had gone to see Jake. I ran out the door, slamming and locking it behind me, jumped into my truck, hoping and praying Charlie wouldn't catch me speeding. I got to La Push in record time, I slammed on the breaks outside Jakes, I opened the door and didn't even bother to close it, I rushed to the door banging on. Billy opened it. "Hey Billy is Jake okay? He was supposed to be at mine two hours ago and he never turned up" I knew something was wrong just by the way Billy was looking at me, like I had no right to be there or even be asking for Jake. "His not feeling to good Bella" I didn't even get to say anything after that because he shut the door in my face, to say I was shocked would be an understatement, Billy had never been so rude to me before. I just stood there not knowing really what to do, should I just leave and come back another day or should I bang on the door again and demand to see Jake? My decision was made when it started raining, I got back in my truck, looking back at the house one last time before driving home. I went straight to my room and got ready for bed, once I was ready and laying in bed, I grabbed my cell and phoned Jacobs it went straight to voice mail. Hey I can't come to the phone right now by if you leave a message I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Hey Jake it's Bella, you didn't make it to our film night so I stopped by, Billy said your ill. Call me when you can I'm worried about you! I switched my phone off and just laid in bed, worrying about Jake. I fell into a restless sleep, tossing and turning, worrying about Jacob! It went on like this for a week, I would ring Jacobs cell and there would be no answer so I would try Billy and still get no answer, it was like they knew it was me ringing them. Saturday I decided I had, had enough of being ignored or lied to so I made my way to La Push, determined to speak to Jacob come hell or high water, I parked outside of the little red house and just sat there for a while, I knew Jacob was in because his bedroom window was open, I got out of the truck and walked over to the front door, banging rather loudly on it, before anyone could answer the door I heard talking coming from the back of the house. I walk round to find Jacob standing there with some of the guys from the Rez, I knew one of them was Sam who had found me in the woods, and the others were Paul, Embry and Jared. They hadn't seen me yet which worked to my advantage, I walked right up to Jacob and pushed him in the chest! "So this is the reason you can't call me back your busy with all your new friends? What about me Jake huh? I have been worried sick about you for the past damn week, I haven't slept!" He looked so shocked to see me, and even more shocked that I was actually confronting him. He looked behind him to the guys and then looked back to me, I could see anger in his eyes but also pain, confusion and regret! "Bella, you shouldn't be here, we can't be friends any more" I was totally thrown through a loop I had no idea that would come out of his mouth, I mean come on he had promised me he would always be there for me and that he would keep fighting for me even though I had told him it was pointless no matter how healed I was from Edward leaving me, there was never going to be a Bella and Jacob love story because I just didn't see him that way. What came out of my mouth next shocked the hell out of me, "Your Breaking up with me?" I knew I had shocked him with that, and maybe even hurt him, I don't even know where that came from, it just popped out of my mouth, like I had no verbal filter but Jacob shocked me even more, He laughed and it was a laugh of pure hurt and anger, "Breaking up with you? How can I break up with you when you never even gave me a chance? I never had you to break up with you Bella!" I knew what he said was true, but how can you give some one a chance when you have no romantic feelings for them, don't get me wrong I love Jacob, but I love him as my brother, is my family and that is all he would ever be. "Jake, I know I've been a mess lately, but you were helping me, your my best friend, my brother in every way but blood, how can you leave me?" I must of said something that angered him more then anything, because he started shaking, to the point that Sam had to call his name, in a tone that sounded like a warning, "JACOB!" Jake seemed to take a deep breath and then calmed down, he looked at me then with so much anger and hurt in his eyes that all I wanted to do was run away from him and hide. "Bella you'll be fine just go and find the leeches that you love so much, because lets face it they loved you that much that they left you! To Edward to fix what he broke, tell them what they put you through the past couple of months and how much you still pine after someone who could care less. Edward is a coward for breaking up with you, he should see what his done to you" I couldn't believe that had come out of his mouth, he had never spoken to me like that before, I knew I was hurting him with, I am trying to get better, thats why I hung out with him so much. He made me happy he was my sunshine but then maybe I was putting to much pressure on him, I knew that I was responsible for the past couple of months and how I had acted, yes Edward did wrong by leaving me the way he did, but he did right by leaving me. I never realised until now, how unhealthy our relationship was he would always tell me what to do or who I could speak to, and Alice would always dictate my wardrobe and how I should and shouldn't look. "Jake what the hell is wrong with you? You have never spoken to me in this way!" I look behind him to see all the guys just standing there watching us, listening to everything we had to say to each other, I knew they had heard him say leeches, I didn't know what to make of that comment so I ignored it for now, we had more pressing matters to discus. "Nothing is wrong with me Bella, maybe if I had spoken to like this a lot sooner then you wouldn't have been moping around like you have been. What Edward did to you was disgusting, leaving you alone in the woods after breaking up with you" That made me angry because I had tried my hardest when ever I was with Jake to never mope, since Charlie had told me off that time I had done everything in my power not to mope. "You think I don't know that? I know what he did. I was there, he did it to me I felt everything he said it was like a knife to my heart, like he was carving wholes all over my heart. I know I've been a mess but do you know what break ups ain't easy that's why there called break ups! But that doesn't make you a saint in all this, yes Edward broke my heart but you, you repaired my heart only to break it again. You fixed me just to break me!" He looked at me then, really looked at me, and I knew he saw the black bags under my eyes, and the dim look to my eyes, he could see my sleepless nights wearing on me now. He had such pain in his eyes, I wanted to hug him and say how sorry I was that I couldn't