Chapter 1, Sam's POV, I was sitting watching the guys pissing around after a long night of patrol, I could see Emily with a smile on her face and knew she was enjoying the playful side of the guys just as much as I was. I was just about to call time on this game because I wanted to discuss something with the guys when the phone rang. I got up to answer, I could see all the guys looking at me wondering who it could be only Billy phoned me. "Hello" "Hello, Can I speak to a Mr Sam Uley please?" Okay so that was a shook, "Speaking" "Mr Uley, my name is Minnie, I am a social worker in Seattle. Do you know a Venessa Marie Uley?" I sucked in a breath, Venessa Marie Uley or Ness as she liked to be called is my baby sister, well not so much a baby but you get the point. I haven't heard or spoken that name in so many years. You see me and Ness share the same dad but not the same mum, her mum is actually Jared's mum, so she is also Jared's little sister. My mum put her up for adoption when she was five, because she said she couldn't stand to see her anymore. I tried to fight for her but I was only 11 myself. I looked over to Jared who had the same shocked look as me on his face. "Mr Uley are you still there?" "I'm still here, Ness she is my little sister. Is she okay?" I kept eye contact with Jared, even though we haven't spoken about her in years we never stopped loving her. She is our little sparrow, she used to call me Sammy, she was the only one aloud to call me Sammy back then, and that hasn't changed now. She called Jared J-bird. "Mr Uley I am afraid to tell you that your sister has been in an accident." I felt my heart miss a beat, "What kind of accident? Is she okay?" "There was a fire at her home, her adopted parents have both died. Ness has severe burns covering her face and arms. You are the only family member we have been able to contact and that is because Ness told me your name and that you live in Washington. She has asked for you and her brother Jared." "What hospital is she in?" "Seattle Emergency hospital" "Were leaving now, we will be there as soon as we can be, my fiancé will be with me if that is okay?" I looked to Emily who nodded her head in agreement. She will come with me I knew she would. "Mr Uley I am sorry but Ness has said she doesn't want to see anyone but you and her brother Jared. Her words were people will look at her burns and not her" "Okay me and Jared will be there soon. Start the paper work for Ness to come and live with me." I didn't let her say anything back to me, I put the phone down and looked at Jared who looked like he was going to cry, yeah I knew how he felt. I mean this is Ness, I remember her screaming at me begging me not to let them take her away, and I tried to stop them but mum had said something to dad and he didn't even fight to keep her. I looked to Emily, she knew about Ness, she knew how messed up I was when they took her away. I was bought out of my thoughts by Paul "Since when do you have a little sister? And why have you not mentioned her?" "I didn't mention her because my mum put her up for adoption when she was five, I remember hearing her scream my name, running down to see what was going on and seeing them pulling her away, I remember her reaching her hand out to me and begging me not to let them take her, screaming at me, "Sammy please don't let them take me" I never spoke about her because it was to painful, she is my little sister and she will be coming here to live. You all better treat her with respect" I could see the shock on Paul's face, I didn't mean to say that but damn it I was pissed! Ness had been put up for adoption when she was five, the day they took her I broke. I didn't look at my mum in the same way anymore. And I hated my dad, how could he do this to his daughter? He used to call her his little princess and she called him king daddy. They never spoke about Ness after that. I remember Jared come running through the front door, screaming wheres Ness, he looked at me and all I could do was cry. Jared's only a year younger then me, and we always got on no matter what. When we lost Ness we grew closer and in growing closer we both hated my parents. Jared's mum Kammy, didn't know what my parents planned she came running in after Jared screaming for her daughter. My mum walked up to her slapped her around the face and said in the coldest voice I have ever heard from her she said "Your bastard child has been put up for adoption. I can't stand to look at what you and my husband created anymore! Now I suggest you take your other bastard child and leave my house. Keep your son away from mine!" Me and Jared only hung out when my mum didn't know. I lost all respect for my mother that day. I was thinking things over in my head, planning. The pack still had to be looked after while I was gone. I was brought out of my thoughts by Paul putting his hand on my shoulder. "Sam don't worry about anything here I will look after the pack and Emily. You go get your sister and bring her back to her family." Paul could be a hard ass but deep down he had a heart of gold more do for his family and thats what we are a family. "Thanks Paul. Jared go and get a bag we don't know how long we will be gone. The rest of you listen to Paul he is acting Alpha until I get back." With that I went up to my room to pack some bits. I didn't want to take much just enough for two days at the most. I couldn't wait to bring Ness home. Ness's POV, I've been sat in this hospital bed for almost a week, thats how long its taken Minnie my social worker to find my brothers Sammy and Jared. I couldn't wait for them to get here, I could then tell them I am a supernatural being just like them. I have powers, so many powers and I know Sammy and Jared are shapeshifters. And I can't wait to get out of this hospital so I can heal these burns. I bet your all wondering what I am? Well in a way I' m like a witch I have powers. My kind are called Scriptures, there isnt many of my kind left in the world, when I turn eighteen I will ascend into all of my power and become the scripture queen. I couldn't tell many humans about what I am, some know like the ones I have helped. Its been so long since I last saw my brothers. I was five, I am now seventeen. I have missed my brothers so much over the years, at first I was mad with them, mad that they let me get taken away. But then I realised thay couldn't do anything to stop it. They were kids themselves I remember that day like it was yesterday, my dad stood in the kitchen not even looking at me, just telling me this was for the best he couldn't hurt Sarah anymore. Sarah is Sammys mum. He couldn't hurt his pathetic wife but he could hurt his daughter. I called for Sammy and he came running down the stairs, as soon as he saw me he tried to run to me but his mum wouldn't let him. I remember begging him not to let them take me but in the end there wa nothing to be done. Sarah didn't want me anymore and my mum Kammy had no choice but to go with it. I was bought out of my thoughts by a nurse coming into my room, I looked up and she smiled at me. "Hey sweetie I'm here to redress your burns and make sure there not getting infected" "Okay. Can I have a bath or shower then?" "I will have to check with your doctor first. Let me check your burns and then I'll go speak to your doctor." I just nodded my head. I didn't have the strength to speak anymore, I just wanted to go home, my real home with Sam and Jared if they wanted me to of course. I would have to make them aware of what my responsibilities were as a Scripture, I know that as Shape shifters they are protectors of their people. I know that they protect people or humans from vampires. I closed my eyes while I was waiting for the nurse to redress my burns, I mean this is silly I could just heal myself and this wouldn't even need doing. But these humans couldn't know what or who I was I could only tell people I was helping or other supernatural beings. I have guides, well their not really called guides, their called white lighters, they are there to help me. They know all there is to know about my kind, when I'm ready to ascend they will be there for me, in a protection circle around me. You see it's painful to ascend, it's like getting a thousand knives stabbing you all over your body. So Leo, Wyatt and his brother Chris will be there protecting me in their circle of light. They did it when I first got my powers, which if you ask me they should of told me about. I got my powers when I was 10 years old, so I am used to them now, but they grow. I can go weeks without getting new powers but then I can go weeks with getting new powers. Apparently it's all about whether the elders think I am mature enough to receive a power, all because when I was twelve I got a bit out of hand and used one of my powers on the school bully who was picking on the new kid. I never got bullied at my school, I was one of the lucky ones but that didn't mean I supported the bullies either. The girl had just started a new school she was nervous enough. So I used two of my powers to make him look like the fool, it was hilarious everyone thought so but the elders they told me that I couldn't use my power like that and that they were punishing me for it. I at the time laughed at them thinking they couldn't actually punish me. The nurse was still here pulling me around, taking off all the old gauze and putting new ones on. I just went to my happy place because if I didn't I would just heal myself and walk out of this hospital to go find Sammy and Jared myself. It took about fifteen minutes for her to reapply new gauze, she made sure I had plenty of water, told me she was going to ask about the shower then left. I was laying back down to go to sleep when Minnie walked into my room, Minnie is my favourite