This is my attempt at a new story line. I have changed a few things so read this first to understand the changes. 1. This is set in New Moon after the Cullen's left and Bella discovered the tribe's secret. She has begun to be her old self. 2. Aro did kill his sister in this one as the book says. 3. Marcus is not in his late 40's. I always hated that change, in the books he was 19 when changed. In this story he is actually in his mid twenties, around 24. 4. Caius is still his usual grumpy werewolf hating self. 5. Victoria is still crazy and hunting Bella. Other than that there are only a few personality changes to the characters. I still don't know whether I will continue this story past this chapter. I just actually dreamt this and I thought 'why not write it?' so I did. Let me know if what you all think of this story. If it sucks let me know too (but be nice) I don't want to continue a suckie story. Well without wasting any more time, Enjoy. Disclaimer: Stephanie Meyer owns all of the characters in this story. I own nothing, I just changed the story. As he gazed upon the setting sun on his balcony Aro could not help but think of his brother. He wondered where he was or how he was. Caius and he had known of his growing desire to leave. Neither of them wanted him to go but they had no choice. Their brother could make his own decisions and was more than capable of protecting himself. The question was if he would. When they finally agreed to not go with him they bartered that two guard members go with him instead. Marcus was not pleased with this. He had wanted to go alone. If he couldn't have gone with Didyme then it was only fitting to go alone. Alas he wouldn't be given a choice. Marcus decided on Felix and Alec. When they finally left Marcus made sure they wouldn't report back to his brothers as to how they were doing unless he wished them to. This of course left the rest of the family rather uneasy. They mostly believed Marcus was planning on finally ending it all. Four months had gone by of nothing but random traveling. They mostly avoided other covens for the sake of anonymity and privacy but it was also much more peaceful that way. Felix didn't mind. He enjoyed traveling the world. Alec was mostly home sick and missed his sister dearly. They had toured all of Europe rather quickly since they were already familiar with the land. Asia was a bit better. They did witness an interesting battle between two covens. It was a shame two gifted vampires were executed but such is their way. Oceania and Africa were better. They didn't find many interesting events, but such is the burden of someone with a rather long lifespan. They had higher hopes the Americas would prove better. They traveled all of South America first. They mostly stuck to densely populated areas and the many rainforests. It was easier to travel with discretion that way. Felix had found it difficult to let go of some rather appetizing prey he had found. Marcus didn't want him to diminish the numbers of an already dying tribe. They had survived in the deepest parts of the Amazon for centuries. An accomplished feet in this environment destroying era. Alec simply went on with the journey. He did however acquire two dolls that were meant to represent a brother and sister. He always tries to bring something to Jane when he goes away. These dolls reminded him of similar pair she used to have before a spoiled child had broken them about 1200 years ago. Needless to say Jane got even. Marcus grew weary of the sights. He mostly wondered how this trip would have been with Didyme instead. Especially since they would have made the trip many centuries before. They finally moved on to the Americas. They avoided the south since it was still a tumultuous area. They instead headed north and steered towards favorable climates. 000 Felix was scouring the forest for his lunch. It hadn't been long but he wanted a break. He was bored. At least when he was home he had tasks to do. All they were doing was wandering around and avoiding nomads and covens. But it was not his place to protest. He liked the weather in Washington. It felt rather good to walk in the day time. Especially given since his physique made girls flock to him. He learned to have a few dozen pairs of dark brown contact lenses with him to hide his red eyes. The girls, and sometimes guys, wouldn't have felt comfortable otherwise. They made getting dinner easier. This time he wasn't looking for an easy dinner. He rather missed the chase. To hear the heart pumping with adrenaline. The smell of fear and exhaustion clinging to the air. Hikers and campers were fun since they were already physically fit. He wasn't counting on what he found. The air was pungent and sweet at the same time. He could smell strawberries and dog. It was an odd combination until he realized what it was. He had known about the shifters from Master Aro when he read the Cullen's from a few decades back. Their smell was similar to the children of the moon but not quiet according to Master Aro. It's more of a rancid wet dog smell than rotting flesh. Felix retraced his steps and quickly headed back towards Master Marcus and Alec only to find them gone. He followed their scent only to find Master Marcus alone. Felix knew something was wrong right away. "Master, are you alright?" Felix said as soon as he reached him. "Yes, why wouldn't I be?" Marcus replied. "Forgive me Master but I do not see or hear Alec nearby. I also happen to know there are wolves in the area. The shifters." Felix added to avoid confusion. Marcus looked around to hear Alec but couldn't. "Alec said he wanted to wander for a bit. Let's find him before they do." Marcus and Felix sped off following Alecs scent. It was normal for a bit until they noticed the smell of wolves as well. Felix actually began to fear for him. He liked him. But it was Jane's reaction if something happened to him that had him fearing. Alecs trail became evasive and they knew he was being hunted. When they finally heard him they were surprised by what else was present. A human and what seemed like a rather large pack of wolves. They were severely outnumbered. 000 Alec wandered around the forest. He wanted to go home terribly. He hadn't noticed how far he had gone until another scent caught his attention. He knew instantly he was screwed. He had no choice but to run. It surprised him to find wolves. He hadn't come against shifters but he knew he couldn't use his powers unless he could put a bit of distance between them. His power needed time to reach them. Then again running seemed like a better idea. He tried to shake them off but more kept coming. He had counted 8 but more could be on their way. He didn't want this to be the end. His sister would be alone. Nothing would stop her wrath. Just when he thought he was out he found a human. She was alone by the sea shore. She reeked of them. She was one of them somehow. He would use her to get out of this. The other wolves must have caught on to his plan because they tried to block off his path. They were fast but he jumped through the trees were they couldn't get him. 000 Bella was walking along the shore waiting for Jacob to return. He had heard his pack brothers call him. Bella told him to go. She would be here when he came back. She was happy to have Jake back. The pack was happy to see Jake in a better mood and to have Bella back to normal. It had been hard but she was better. She didn't think it would take this long. She was further away from where she started walking but Jacob could find her anywhere. She began to hear rustling coming from the forest but she couldn't see from where. It was getting louder but she couldn't see it. She heard panting and figured it was Jake trying to scare her, or maybe Quil. It completely caught her off guard when what felt like a wall hit her hard. Whatever it was felt cold and hard like marble. It surrounded her in its arms and rolled around with her on the ground. She felt her body hit the ground but nothing broke. Considering the force it was odd. She just felt numb, like her body fell asleep. It held her close and jumped into a tree with her and it began to climb higher. Bella finally had a second to breathe and panicked when the only logical conclusion was Victoria or Edward. Either way it was bad. She could hear the wolves howling and growling beneath her but she couldn't open her eyes. She was too afraid to. She didn't want to believe it. She didn't want to die in front of Jacob. Hopefully whoever it was would make it quick. The unknown Vampire held her up. She couldn't feel her body. She was limp. Her heart was beating too fast for her to even hear now. Whoever held her did nothing. She didn't know why she was still alive. Slowly she lifted her head and opened her eyes. What was in front of her were bright red eyes and what looked like an angelic boy. She knew better. He met her gaze and held it. She didn't know why but there was a strange twinge. Fear was present of course but something else too. She didn't know what it was. Her head was still trying to fully reboot. Her eyes were then slowly drawn to the pendant around his neck. She had seen that before but she couldn't remember where. It was eerily familiar. "Let her go!" Paul's voice broke her dazed trance. Bella managed to slowly look down and instantly regret it. She was much higher than she though. She was basically a rag doll held by human drinking vampire backed up into a corner. She realized the severity of her predicament. Her hand instinctively held onto his jacket. It wouldn't do anything but she couldn't help it. The rest of her body still hadn't woken up. She looked again to see the panic and fear in Jacobs's eyes. She could also see the rage. Suddenly two more vampires appeared in the trees. Her heart went into overdrive, the world became blurry and distant, and this time she passed out. 000 (Alec's POV) When I finally got to the little human girl she passed out. At first I thought I killed her when her body gave out. That would not have helped. But her heart was still beating so she must have just fainted. I wasn't wrong when I speculated she was important to them. When I held her in the tree with me dangling like a rag doll the wolves stopped. They were angrier but at least they weren't attacking. When she began to stir I looked at her. Hopefully I didn't break her too badly. What good is a broken hostage? When she opened her eyes and gazed into mine the strangest thing happened. I could feel that she was important, not just to the wolves but to me. I would have to ask Master Marcus about this later since right now I have better things