Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and the Olympians along with Heroes of Olympus do not belong to me. Summary: Perseus, eldest son of Kronos, God of Time, Elements, Battle, Creation, Storms, Earth, Destruction, and Darkness was loved by his father. He was kept a secret from his siblings and his father trained him in his powers and as his heir. Upon seeing his father chopped to bits and pieces by his siblings, he vowed revenge. He traveled to Tartarus, using the monsters to master his powers and abilities. While there, he forged his Symbol of Power using his favorite Grand-Uncle's personal forge. He moved on and conquered the arena, where he lie in wait for his father to rise once more. 3000 years after his defeat, his father is on the rise and Perseus will stop at nothing to aid him. NOTE: Perseus will be cruel and vindictive in this story. Seeing as he was raised by Kronos, I find it believable. Character will be OOC. This is AU . You've been warned. The Son of Kronos Chapter One Perseus slashed and stabbed, he parried and blocked, he dodged and he poked, and for once, he was winning. Pallas, the Titan of War, had been training the God of Time, Elements, Battle, Creation, Storms, Earth (which he inherited from his grandmother, Gaia), Destruction, and Darkness for as long as the god could remember. His uncle and he had grown very close to each other during their sparring sessions, and he had grown to love the Titan dearly, almost like a second father. "Come on, boy! You can do better than that!" the Titan taunted. Perseus, with his golden eyes and windswept, black hair, smirked and charged his uncle, just as he was a yard away, he did a front flip over the man and hit him on the back of the head with his hilt, making him lose consciousness. "And the winner is Perseus!" Kronos announced to the rest of the Titanic Council, who all cheered. Perseus did a dramatic bow and then conjured up a bucket of water using his abilities in Creation, he then dumped it on the Titan to wake the older immortal up. "Ugh," the Titan of War whined, "did you have to use water?" "Yup!" Perseus chirped cheerfully. The Titan smiled at the cheerfulness of his nephew. "If you say s―" He was cut off by a sudden explosion down lower on the mountain. "Perseus! Leave, now!" His father, Kronos, shouted. "But I can help fight! My younger siblings are no match for me!" Perseus argued. "You will do as I say, boy!" Kronos responded. Perseus sighed, knowing it was no use to argue with his father. He pulled the shadows to him and disappeared. Unknown to all, Perseus was simply hiding in the shadows. All of a sudden, his six siblings approached his father, who was sitting calmly on his throne. "Father," the youngest, Zeus, spat with so much hatred it would have made even the most battle-hardened warriors flinch. "Zeus," Kronos said neutrally, having not cared about Zeus' hatred towards him. "You have ruled too long, it is now time for the era of the gods!" Zeus spoke cockily. "Very well, boy." Kronos rose off his throne to his full glory and changed into his divine form. The gods did the same and the fight began. In the beginning, the fight was evenly matched, but the gods were slowly gaining ground against their father. Kronos would slow down time for his six youngest children and attack viciously, only for one of them to break free and block the attack, distracting the Titan, thus freeing the other siblings. Kronos knew he was going to lose, but that didn't mean he wasn't going to try to win. He remembered that day so long ago when his father had given him the prophecy that he would be dethroned by his own children just as he had done to his own father, Ouranos, before chopping him up and throwing the remains into Tartarus. The very last thing his father had said to him, though was, "I will tell you this, son ," Ouranos had spat before continuing, "Perseus is your only child who will be forever loyal to you. Despite my best efforts to get him to hate you, he is fanatically loyal to you." Perseus had just been born ten years previous, so he was still very young, but Kronos could tell that his father was right, Perseus truly was fanatically loyal to his father. When he was only nine, he used his powers to rip apart a demi-titan who was attempting to assassinate Kronos, not that the demi-Titan would have succeeded. So, following his father's declaration, Kronos trained his young son. At first, he was simply eager to have somebody so powerful that would never question his commands. But eventually, he came to love Perseus as any father would his child. When Hestia was born, he was reluctant to eat her. During the days after her birth, he often wondered if his father had lied and if she would be as loyal to him as Perseus was. After about a week, though, Perseus convinced his father to start eating his children, as he did not want anyone to overthrow the Titan King. As he continued to eat his children, he and Pallas continued Perseus' training, until eventually, Perseus could defeat any of the Titans save his father in a battle of arms. These thoughts were rushing through the Titans head as he viciously swiped his scythe at Poseidon, just barely missing the God of the Sea's head. The battle raged on and both parties began to tire. Finally, though, Zeus got in a lucky swing and cut deep into Kronos' wrist, making the Titan clutch his wrist in pain. Hades then kicked him in the back and he finally lay on the ground in defeat. Zeus took up his father's weapon and proceeded to chop him to bits and pieces, much to Perseus' horror. When Zeus finished, he spoke, "This is the dawn of a new age. A godly age. It is time for us gods to rule this planet. Hades, take the remains of Kronos and toss them into Tartarus. We must be sure he never returns." Hades nodded at his younger brother and gathered his father's remains before teleporting to the Underworld. The rest left all together to return to Olympus and announce the good news. Meanwhile, in the shadows, Perseus swore revenge for what his siblings had done to their father. His father. The one who always cared for and loved him. (Line Break) 100 years later, 2900 years until Kronos' Rise Perseus traveled to Tartarus soon after, intent on continuing his training and enhancing his skills so he could defeat his siblings. He could probably defeat one or two at the moment, but not all of them together as his father almost had. So he used his powers on any monster he could find, slaughtering them in vicious ways. Inhuman ways. Normally it would be against the Ancient Laws for an immortal to kill monsters, but Perseus was special. Due to his domain of Creation, he was able to create a loophole for himself, so he was not bound to the Ancient Laws. The Fates had originally been pissed at him, but soon got over it, realizing the fact that they were the ones who gave him his domains. So he trained. And trained. And trained. Until eventually, the monsters simply called Perseus "Him" out of complete and utter terror. They were so scared of saying his name because they believed that he would show up out of nowhere and slaughter them in horrific ways wherever they stood. Tartarus, the Primordial God of the Pit, eventually heard reference of "Him" and decided to nip the problem in the bud. He soon discovered, though, that the "Him" everybody was talking about was none other than his favorite Grand-Nephew. "Perseus?" he said, shocked. "What are you doing down here?" Perseus turned to see Tartarus and smiled. "I'm training so I can aid my father whenever he rises again against my siblings ," he spat the word in disgust. Tartarus nodded in understanding. "Well, I do believe I can help you train if you would like." Perseus grinned, "I would love that, Uncle." And so his training began… again. (Line Break) 200 years later, 2700 years until Kronos' Rise Soon, Perseus completed his training with his Grand-Uncle, and as a reward, Tartarus told Perseus that he was allowed to forge a Symbol of Power in Tartarus' personal forge and use any material he found in Tartarus. Weapons forged in Tartarus' personal forge were always ten times stronger than normally forged weapons. Perseus accepted the reward with gratitude and got to work. He found a metal known as Adamantine, which Tartarus' told him his father had a small amount imbued in his own Symbol of Power, deep in the Pit. As he was about to begin, Tartarus gifted him with a small amount of Void Metal, which was only found in the Void and could force an immortal to fade. Perseus, once again, accepted it with gratitude. That was when he began to forge his weapon. (Line Break) 500 years later, 2200 years until Kronos' Rise Upon completing his Symbol of Power, which was a blood red blade named 'Μανία της κόλασης' or 'Hell's Fury', Perseus tempered it in the focal point of the Five Rivers of the Underworld, granting the blade characteristics from each river, something his Uncle told him he had never thought of doing. He then set out to do favors for the immortals in Tartarus in order to achieve their blessing on the blade. When he was finished, he had done favors for his Grand-Uncle Tartarus, his Grand-Uncle Chronos, his Grand-Uncle Erebus, his Grand-Aunt Nyx, and his Grandmother Gaia. In exchange for each of his favors, they imbued a portion of their power into his sword, granting it some control over their domains. His favor to Tartarus was to destroy a monster deep in the Pit who was causing trouble. A monster so old, it had long been forgotten by many. This monster was none other than the first dragon, Draco. The fight was glorious, long, and very bloody. Perseus had to assume his divine form in order to even stand a chance against the dragon. He was constantly forced to dodge away from the dragon's white hot fire breath, and was forced to evade the ever-sharp claws of the monstrous dragon, but in the end, he prevailed. His favor to Chronos was to train under the Primordial and learn everything that the domain of Time entitled. Personally, Perseus didn't see how this was a favor to Chronos. Instead, it seemed more like a favor from Chronos because he learned things about the domain of Time that he had never known. He learned everything Chronos knew about the domain. This alone took up much of the past 500 years. His favor to Erebus was to kill one of his children. The demi-Primordial had begun recruiting monsters to aid in overthrowing the Primordial God of Darkness. The Primordial, though, could do nothing to stop his child as he, along with the other Primordials, was restricted by the Ancient Laws. His favor to Nyx was also to kill Erebus' child. Not because she feared the child would overthrow her husband, but simply because she hated all of Erebus' illegitimate children. His favor to Gaia was a long standing one, and that was to help his father regain a body when Kronos' essence came together one more. Upon receiving all the blessings, he was ecstatic. From Tartarus, he could control up to an army of 500 monsters. From Chronos, his power over time was doubled while he wielded the blade. From Erebus, his power over shadows was enhanced while he wielded the blade and wisps of