A/N: Hi, there! This time 64 chanllenges inspired completaly by the fic Nothing's set in stone by DC-BA, go and read it, it's probably the best piece of writing about Legolas and Eowyn. About the pairing itself, I realise it's quite controversial topic, and I wasn't exactly shipping them until I found some fics about them. Mostly I wrote this because I'm in love with Legolas, he's my favourite character and I wanted to explore the possibilities here. Three very important things: A) English is not my first language and I am sorry for all mistakes, B) I have never read the books (not yet at least) so my knowledge and imagination base only on Jackson's fantastic movies and C) although I haven't read the trilogy itself I did read about the world Tolkien created, so some things which don't go according to his world and may seem to be mistakes are used here on purpose. The prompts are in the exact same order as DC-BA's, but I changed a little the challenge, and not every one of them is one sentenced, there are drabbles as well. Disclaimer: I don't own anything, Tolkien does. 2 a.m. It was two o'clock in the night, when she breathed out his name one last time and her life slipped out of her body; his soul shattering at that very hour every night since then, even though she passed hundreds of years ago. Metaphor " If thou hearest the cry of gull on the shore, thy heart shall then rest in the forest no more." Galadriel's words echoed in his head, but as he looked at the white-skinned delicate form laying soundly in his arms, he knew that he will never hear the white gulls' call for his destiny was to fade and follow her when she is taken from him. Sky " Soon the golden beaming sun shall rise, in great despair in front of thy eyes. And grey skies will fall upon thy face, you shall then find your final solace." Lady Galadriel has spoken in his head during their time in Lothlorien and the words sank into his mind. Though he doesn't understand them, they echo in his ears all the time. They arrive to Rohan and he doesn't expect anything except rescuing the king and seeking help, and is wrong. When she bursts into the hall, great distress on her face and the golden sun-like hair thrown all over her, he can feel his heart skipping a beat. But later when she introduces herself and her shinning grey eyes fall upon his face, he's not sure he will be able to breathe ever again, without them sweeping over his features. Degrees He can't name the degrees of joy that pass through him, when after he returns from the meeting with Aragorn in Gondor and takes her in his arms, he can feel not only one, but two hearts beating strongly inside of her body. Opposite Eomer does not approve, that much is clear from the beginning. He does not approve when he sees for the first time as she throws herself into his elven arms and holds him tightly after the battle (but her eyes are only for him , so she doesn't notice the storm in her brother's eyes). He does not approve when she announces her desire to marry him (but she fights him off with the strength of an army anyway). He does not approve when he leads her down the aisle to him and gives her away (but she would have run to the altar with or without him by her side.) But when years later little boy, being the spitting image of his father, runs to him with his mother's beautiful shinning eyes, he thinks it's good that she never ever listens to him. Passion runs When they're finally alone, it's all about hands and legs and ripping clothes; his breath on her neck, while he whispers his love to her and her moans in the air, when she gasps his name over and over again, until she can't seem to remember any other words. Seize the day She is bitterly and painfully aware that her life is nothing more but a blink, a flutter of his eyelids in the terrifying face of immortality, but after their first night together she swears she will not waste a single second with him. Connection The moment his eyes lay upon her figure and the moment she meets his gaze, he can feel it from the bottom of his soul – the very core of his being clenching around her, his world narrowing only to her, connection so strong it forces all air out of his lungs. But it shouldn't have been possible, it should've never been able to happen, not with mortals. And she is mortal. Or is she? Lull and storm When the army is leaving to face the fury of Mordor, she catches him in the crowd, leads him aside and presses her lips to his, making him deaf to the heavy sounds of soldiers boots, but then he hears Aragorn calling him; the moment of peace gone, the storm still approaching. Children All humans, no matter their age and the fact that he respected them, were only children in his eyes; young and inexperienced, knowing so little about the world they lived in. When Eowyn gave birth to their son and he was holding him for the first time, the meaning of the word changed drastically. Animal When he first met her she was like a wild bird in the cage, beautiful but sad beyond every measure and he knew instantly that he would do anything to set her free. We all float on He whispers the words, takes her hand and leads her onto the silver ship. The sun is setting before them as they leave Grey Havens for their journey into the west, slowly blending with the horizon. She leans against his chest, overwhelmed by the view and he kisses her temple tenderly. The passage has been granted. Chess She loves playing chess with him, although she knows he can beat her easily in every single game. But she takes the challenge every time and when just a moment separates her from losing ignominiously, she slowly tucks the golden strands of her hair behind an ear and lets her fingers slide down along her neck to the material of her gown between her breasts. Then she looks at him through thick eyelashes and lightly bites her lower lip, pretending to be considering the next move. And she knows the game was won long ago for his lips and arms are already all over her. Duty It was the duty of the Shieldmaiden of Rohan to unite two kingdoms by marriage and love mattered little here. Her broken, shattered to pieces heart was not the case to consider. When she first saw Faramir, she shut her eyes and desperately tried to imagine silver blond hair, pointy ears and deep blue orbs, but when she raised her eyelids, there was still only a man before her. She cried for weeks after that. Now when she is walking down the aisle to the Stewart of Gondor, swallowing her tears and fighting to keep a straight face, she catches his stare, the never ending depths of his eyes, and she knows that her heart was not the only one crushed and slain. The difference is, she realises, that she shall be broken only for the rest of her life, he – for eternity . And suddenly all tears she's ever shed are not enough to weep over his fate. Rip She hates the dress, truly and passionately hates it, but what she hates even more is the awfully slow pace at which his hands are moving through the layers of it. She groans and kisses him with such fever it almost leaves him breathless. "Just get me out of this," she pleas desperately and he only smirks, and then suddenly she's free; the ripped dress laying forgotten on the floor. Missing time What they had was nothing more but the flutter of butterfly's wings, the fall of a single raindrop during the storm, just one star from all constellations in the universe. Still they were ready to grasp it and hold onto it for dear life, until her hands become too weak to last and his heart too broken to go on without her. Chest When the army returns from Mordor she wishes she could have his elf-eyes. She is frantically looking for the sight of his green tunic and a bow in his hand, but he is nowhere to be seen. But it can't be. He had to return. He promised her. And when she sees Aragorn and Gimli without the tall lean figure next to them her heart almost stops and she can feel tears coming to her eyes, but then Aragorn moves and there it is; the flash of pale skin, silver hair and green tunic. She runs to him, not caring who can see her darting through the crowd, and when she collides with his chest and his arms crash her with the strength that says he was well prepared for her, it is the most comforting feeling she's ever felt. Itches She is watching him as he's practising with his swords; his movements swift and his muscular, yet lean form as firm as his weapons. The blades slide against each other and she's just standing there unable to move; the sound like a melody for her ears. She can't help but imagine his toned muscles working under his skin, tensing and relaxing with each move. But all of sudden there is another image in her head, of the same muscles tensing, when he pins her up against the wall and presses that firm body of his to hold her there; her fingers traveling through wide expanse of his arms and chest. Her breath is already rapid, her face hot, but when he looks at her from above one of his swords, she has to brace herself for she is afraid her knees will give away any second. Needle When the sword as thin as a needle, yet as treacherous as a snake pierces his heart, her soul shatters into pieces, and she never finds a single one of them again. Explode It's overwhelming, when her arms clench around his neck and her legs cross on the small of his back, but when she gasps and moans his name he's actually surprised that he doesn't explode at the sound. Rise There are times when the world without her is too much, when the endless sea of longing brings him to his knees; head against the wall, eyes painfully shut and only sobs escaping his chest. In those times a young girl with pointy ears and hair the exact same shade as his comes to him and helps him rise; bright Eowyn's eyes warming him up once again from their daughter's face. Crumble He makes love to her with long strokes and firm movements; his gentle hands everywhere, and when she crumbles underneath him, his arms are always there to gather her back again and she can't imagine loving someone more than she loves him. Range Elven magic had almost unlimited range, but he realized bitterly that there was one thing with thousand times the range of every witchcraft in this world and it was death. Fight/Flight He fights for her to the last second, until it's too late and her soul is already flying away from him. Acid One night he's wandering around the city and hears familiar female voice followed by low awful laugh, and his heart frizzes for a moment and his legs sprint to her. When he gets there, he see her pressed against the wall, desperately trying to fight off her aggressor, while he's reaching under her dress.