AN UNEXPECTED TURN Hello there everyone! This is my first Hunger games fanfiction. This was spurred on by me reading several fics in this fandom. I am a big Cato fan and I think that they did the correct decision of casting Alexander Ludwig as Cato since he is just the perfect Cato for me and it helps that I am a fan of his since his The Dark Is Rising film. This fic is a combination of the book and the movie so I hope you understand if there are things in either of those that you were not able to see here. Please read and review and I promise to reply to your questions no matter what they are! CHAPTER 1: An Ordinary Day I woke up to the sounds of the nets being pulled to the shore. It was an everyday occurrence and served as my own weird waking system. My father used to wake me at this time when I was younger so I can watch him as he and some of the men from our district gather the catch from the boats that sailed the night before. I loved it that my father would wake me up so we can share that time together since he always leaves a few minutes after to head to the hang lines where they gut the fish that were caught from the sea. It wouldn't be until later in the night that he would return home and he is always so tired whenever he returns that I did not have the heart to ask him to stay up longer and play with me. He may be busy but he makes sure that he has time for me. Though I loved that he takes me with him during those times, I always was uncomfortable with the happenings around me. His work, I can stand since all he does is pull a net full of fish or any sea-based animal that they were able to catch, but whenever I see a worker spear a fish or throw a harpoon, I can't help but feel a bit squeamish. My mother calls me her little pacifist and I pouted for days when I heard her call me that. I just can't stand those unnerving big eyes of the fish as they are killed and flapped their bodies on the spear they were stuck on. I always felt like they were staring at me and telling me to help them with those unblinking eyes. Ever since, I knew that that area of our district was not for me. When I reached the age of eight, my bonding time with my father was replaced with the mandatory education that our district offers. My mother would lay out my clothes for the day and prepare our breakfast. My father would drop me to the Academy on his way to the hang lines and that has been my routine for a very long time. We learn different things at the District 4 Academy. There is mathematics, a bit of language, but most importantly (for the teachers anyway) were Capitol and District History along with District 4-Training. Capitol-District History is all about how the entire Capitol ad Districts were formed and of course the highlight of the subject is the Dark Days or more commonly known as the Age of Rebellion. They tell us how we were once under only one district named North- something, I never did bother to listen- and that a great tragedy fell that led to the decrease in supply of all produce. To make sure that produce keeps growing and circulating they divided the region and TA-DA here we are. Then they pull all the stops and tell us about a time that the Districts thought that they were being undermined and so they, well, rebelled against the Capitol. The rebellion was a failure and the Capitol was hurt that the people they cared for, the people they loved, would act against them, and thus the Capitol created the Hunger Games. A showdown to the death between 12 young men and 12 young women called Tributes where only one can remain. It is basically the Capitol's way of saying 'We can kill you but that would get our hands all bloody so we'll let you kill each other instead.' The Hunger Games is treated as a festivity that everyone dreads. To see a life you saw flourish with your own two eyes, a life that you have seen in your own district chosen so you can watch them die in the cruelest way possible. I have seen the Hunger Games a hand full of times, seen but not watched, I can't stand the sight of a fish dying what more if it is a person. During those times I would either be on the shores just letting the sound of the sea wash over me or I would be sitting down with Annie. Annie is my friend and I know for a fact that I am her only friend in the district. She was a victor of the Hunger Games where she was chosen as a Tribute. The Hunger Games she participated in was one of the few ones I was able to watch fully. I watched as she swam as fast as she could with all the other tributes and I watched as she saw her partner decapitated in front of her. I remember my mother rushing to me to cover my eyes as the events unfold but she was too late and the image of that decapitated male and the grief in Annie's face was forever etched in my young mind. She came back bringing glory to our district in the guise of food, money, and all those luxuries that only the Capitol would be able to give but all she received were sad stares when she returned to our District. Her games ended and so did a part of her. I heard the people calling her mad, saying that her sanity has left her. Truth be told, I believed them. Whenever I hear her name, an image of a girl who has lost all grips of reality comes into my mind. That was what I thought until I truly met her. I was thirteen when I officially met Annie. Our district is the fishing district so water is abound. With plenty of water sources plants also tend to favour our district. Flowers, roots, and water-plants are commonly seen. I was collecting flowers that day. It was my mother's birthday and I was hoping to give her some flowers. The people of our district are not poor but not wealthy either so the meagre stuff I have with me can't be traded for anything worthwhile for my mother. I walked near the start of the Victor's Village, the place where all victors from District 4 resided. Everything there was lush and beautiful, clearly showing the elegance that can only be seen in the Capitol; though beautiful I can't help but feel that the entire place was shallow like a small puddle of water after the rain. Like all things in the village the flowers surrounding it were beautiful as well, something I can proudly give my mother. I was wary of the Peacekeepers there since I know that one wrong move from me no matter if I am young will result in me getting punished. It was when I was plucking some flowers that I heard someone softly calling. It was such a soft sound and I looked around to see where it came from. I saw her there in the most beautiful yard of the entire Village. It was filled with many different kind of flowers that I was hoping to get my mother but did not do so since we were not allowed anywhere near the Victor's Village unless we were family of the victors residing there. I was frozen; I do not know what to do. I knew her of course, everyone knows Annie Cresta. She was beckoning me to approach her. I did so with small steps, and I stopped when the Peacekeepers looked at me and began to walk to me. I looked at them and turned my scared eyes to Annie. The Peacekeepers followed my line of sight and saw Annie still calling me. They returned to their spots and I walked faster, thinking that being with a mad woman was better than being hauled off to a faraway place by the Peacekeepers. I hesitated when I was already in front of her yard, I did not know what to do, I was looking at the ground, the few small flowers I was able to pick were held tightly in my small hands. I felt her touch my chin and gently lifted my head so I can look at her. She smiled at me and took hold of my hand and led me to a small patch of flowers with various colours. She picked several white and pink flowers, several in full bloom and some just in the verge of it. She held it out to me and I hesitantly took them from her. She sat down and picked some more flowers and I watched as she carefully crafted each and every one of them. I watched as she bent the stems without breaking them, I looked as she carefully removed the leaves; I was transfixed as that group of flowers she picked turned to a small crown of flowers in front of my eyes. I was so fascinated with it that my fear of her slipped from my mind and before I can even think of it, words came stumbling out of my mouth. "Wow! How did you do that?" I asked her. After I said the words I realized what I have done and I felt the blood rush to my face. I hesitantly looked at her and saw her smiling at me. "Come here", she said to me patting the patch of grass beside her. I slowly walked towards her and sat on her side. "Let me see those flowers you got." I gave her the flowers in my hands, the one she gave me and the ones I picked myself. She held my hand and together we created a small crown of flowers that she placed on my head once it was finished. From there my fear for her slowly diminished and we created crowns, bracelets, and necklaces from different kinds of flowers. The sun was setting when I said goodbye to her. I kissed her cheek and softly mumbled a goodbye but before I can leave she took my hand and I looked at her. "What's your name?" she asked me in that soft voice of hers "Ashlynn, Ashlynn Mendrose" I replied shyly. She smiled at me once more and said "Goodbye Ashlynn." "Goodbye and thank you Miss Annie!" I smiled and waved at her as I walk away with my armful of flowers. My mother was so happy with the flowers I gave her. The following day I returned to the Village with a flower-crown made from the flowers near the shore. From then on, I always made a habit of sparing a few moments of my time to visit Annie. During my time with her I saw that she was not mad or insane as the others say. She was just broken. There were times when she would get this faraway look in her eyes and I know that she is reliving her time in the games whenever she gains that look. There were moments when the sound of the waves would get too loud and her entire body would turn rigid and I know that she remembers the time that she was swimming for her life. I don't know what to do during those times so I just stay there beside her and comb her hair as