Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight ~~~~~X~~~~~ Trigger warnings for rape/non-con, suicidal thoughts/attempts and character death in later chapters. Story begins during Eclipse; sometime in July, after the battle with Victoria's newborn army, but before Jacob gets Edward and Bella's wedding invitation. Day 1: The Beginning Of The End ~~~~~X~~~~~ Leah woke up feeling very… strange. She wasn't angry, which was how she usually woke up feeling, but she just couldn't put her finger on what was wrong. She stayed in bed for a few minutes, trying to figure it out, but soon gave up, and just laid there. She tried to go back to sleep, but it soon became obvious that it wasn't going to happen. With the great sigh, she rolled out of bed, and reluctantly went about her day. At 20 years old, Leah had already graduated high school and had become accustomed to taking her time in the mornings. Of course, that was before she had gotten a job. Leah looked at the clock with a heavy sigh, and thought about not going, but she couldn't get fired from another job, she couldn't afford it. Like, literally, she couldn't afford it. The empty pickle jar she was using as a makeshift piggy bank was starting to look depressingly empty. If she ever wanted to get out of the hell-hole known as La Push, and she definitely did, then she needed all the cash she could get her hands on. Leah grabbed her clothes and headed towards the bathroom, encountering Seth in hallway. She offered her usual grunt by way of greeting, 8:30 in the morning was too early for Seth to have a grasp on the English language, but instead of grunting back, he stopped in his tracks, causing Leah to bump into him. "God dammit, Seth!" Leah fumbled with her clothes, finally catching them before they fell to the floor. "What gives?" Seth ignored her, and leaned forward, inhaling. His eyebrows knitted together, and he began circling her slowly, still sniffing. Leah stood still, confused as to what the hell her little brother was doing, before she got tired of waiting for an explanation and grabbed him by his shoulders. "Seth, what the hell is wrong with you?" He looked up at her slowly. "You smell." Leah raised an eyebrow, then leaned to sniff her armpit. She hadn't showered yet, but she didn't think she smelled that bad. "No," Seth laughed, "I meant you smell different." "I do? Different how?" Seth shrugged. "I don't know, just… different." "Right… Well, me and my different smelling self have to go shower before I'm late for work. Again" She walked passed him and to the bathroom. She turned the shower to its hottest setting, which wasn't nearly hot enough, and hopped in. She sighed as the water ran over her short-cropped hair and over her body. She loved her morning shower. It was peaceful, relaxing. Leah lathered her body with soap, starting with her arms, then moving across her chest. The second the netted material of shower poof touched her nipples, she was hit with a wave of pleasure that was nearly strong enough to bring her to her knees. She grabbed at the old people safety bar her father had put in a few years ago, silently regretting making fun of for it back then, as she caught her breath and wondered what the hell was going on. She figured that it must have been because she had gotten laid in a while, nothing more than that. Then she started thinking about when the last time was, and more specifically, who the last time was with. Sam, in his bed, the day before Emily showed up to ruin her life. This memory didn't trigger anger, like it's usually did whenever she thought about it in a moment of weakness. Instead, it triggered lust. Lots and lots of lust. She thought of the way Sam's brand new wolf muscles glistened with sweat as he pounded into her over and over again, and she started to feel a wetness between her legs that wasn't from the shower. Leah suddenly had the urge to touch herself, an urge she hadn't had since she phased 4 months ago, and it only seemed to get stronger the longer she wasn't doing it. Despite the fact that she had braced herself, it didn't stop her from being terribly unprepared for the feeling, and crying out from the sheer force of it. A knock on the door brought her out of… whatever was happening, and she couldn't decide if she was relieved or disappointed. "Leah?" Sue Clearwater called out from behind the door. "What's going on in there?" "Nothing!" Leah replied quickly, "I… slipped. I'm alright, mom." "Well hurry up, you're going to be late for work. Again." Leah sighed, but picked up the shower poof and quickly resumed washing herself. She made sure to think of absolutely anything but sex, her ex-boyfriend, or sex with her ex-boyfriend. It was nearing 9:30, and Leah was late for work. Again. At this point, she didn't see how rushing was going to accomplish anything, so she took her sweet time getting there. Since she wasn't rushing, she could really appreciate the beauty of the forest that was every La Push residents' backyard. She had always loved nature, there was something about the earth smells and the sounds of the woodland creatures that she found very relaxing. And the experience was all the more calming for her, thanks to her enhanced senses. The amount of time she got to spend in the woods was one of the only redeeming qualities about transforming into a freakish, mutant dog. She felt her serenity decrease once she got close to Jared's house. What was he doing up? They were in the midst of summer, and the pack usually slept I until at least noon. Right, she thought to herself, there was a meeting today. Most pack meetings were uneventful; just Sam telling them that weeks patrol schedule and then the pack usually hung out for a while after. Leah had taken to skipping them and having Seth pass along the her schedule. It kept her interaction with the rest of them to a bare minimum. They made eye-contact, which Leah broke with a roll of hers, and she kept moving, intending on walking right past her pack 'brother', but instead, Jared decided to block her path with his overgrown body. "Move," Leah said, not bothering with pleasantries. Instead of answering, Jared leaned in and inhaled deeply. Leah was just about to hurl an insult his way, when she noticed the look in his eyes. Now, Leah has only been with one guy, but she's been on the radar of a few in her time. She recognized the look instantly, and a quick look at the tent in the younger boys cut-off shorts confirmed that yes, he was turned on. Gross. "Leah, you smell amazing," Jared said. he started walking towards her, and she started backing up. "Thanks, I took this thing called a shower. You try it." Jared ignored the insult. "You know, I don't think I've ever told you how sexy I think you are." "I don't think Kim would appreciate you saying that." Leah didn't give two shits about Kim. It was nothing personal, the girl was nice enough, Leah just disliked all imprints in general, but Jared was obsessed with the girl. Leah thought that bringing her up would stop Jared from acting like a creeper. Jared laughed, and it wasn't a regular laugh, it was the kind of laugh that mentally unhinged people have. "What Kim doesn't know, wont hurt her." Jared was still advancing, but she made sure her face didn't show it. "Get out of my way, Jared." "Make me," he said with a smirk. He reached a hand out to grab her arm, causing Leah to panic, and before she knew it, Jared was on the ground, clutching his manhood in agony. Leah didn't waste anytime stepping over him, and continuing on her way to work, much quicker than before. The trees suddenly didn't seem quite as beautiful. "So... how have you been?" "You mean since you asked yesterday?," Leah asked sarcastically. "Well, I got married, popped out a couple kids, and now we're all moving to Idaho. How about you swan? How have you been?" "Um, fine. I-I've been fine." Leah rolled her eyes before going back to her reading. When she had first found out that Bella Swan was working at Newton's Olympic Outfitters, it was almost enough for her to not take the job, but she didn't have any other options. No one on the Rez would hire her due to her infamous bad attitude, and Newton's was the only place hiring in Forks. If she didn't take the job, she would have had to drive into Port Angeles everyday, which is pretty hard to do if you don't have a car. Leah could admit that she didn't hate her job too much, she didn't really have to do a lot since not too many people came in anyway, it was sitting next to Swan behind the cashier's counter everyday that got to her. She had this need to try and fill every silence, which, as someone who actually liked silence, annoyed Leah to no end. She used to work after school, meaning Leah was out before Swan got in, but not anymore. She was starting to hate summer break. The bosses kid came from the stock room to harass Bella, which was mildly entertaining. Leah kept her eyes in her book, but listened in. "Hey, Bella, how's it going?" "Pretty good, how's everythi-" "Great! So listen, if you didn't have anything to do later, I was thinking we could go catch a movie or something." "Um, I don't think that's going to work out, Mike. I mean, I'm dating Edward and all..." "O-Oh yeah, totally, so glad you two are back together by the way. But yeah I totally meant as friends." "Well, sure, sounds like fun. Hey, maybe Angela and the gang could come too?" "Yeah... maybe." Mike scratched the back of his neck awkwardly, blushing bright red when he caught Leah's smirking gaze, she had abandoned pretending to not care and was watching the train wreck full-on, before returning to the stock room. Leah tried to go back to her book, but something about the exchange, other than how hilariously pathetic Mike was, got to her. She couldn't stay silent. "Why don't you just tell the kid you're not into him?" Bella looked around the empty store, Leah hardly ever initiated conversation between them, before answering. "I've been trying, but he doesn't seem to get the hint." "Guys like him never do. That's way you've gotta be blunt about it. To let him walk around thinking you're going to wake up one day and leave you're mind-raping leach for him is just cruel. Put the poor kid out of his misery already." Leah wasn't talking about Mike anymore, and Bella, smart girl that she was, picked up on it. Her shoulders slumped and her voice took on a sadder quality. "I know that, Leah. But he's my best friend, I don't want to hurt him." "You already are. Every single day. Hurry up and rip that band-aid off already." Leah closed her book and stood from her stool. "I'm going on my break." She walked out the back door and leaned against the wall. She took a pack of cigarets from her pocket and lit one. She had planned on quitting before she phased, but didn't see the point know, her lungs were already good as new. A sigh of pleasure escaped her as she sucked in the smoke, but she tensed when she heard footsteps approaching. She relaxed once she realized who it was. "Why didn't you go to the meeting, Embry?" She asked, looking at