Written for a very, very dear friend of mine: Haldir, this is for you, and if you nitpick about tiny little details that aren't consistent I will yell at you. Enjoy and watch out for convenient trees. ~ Legolas "We're going in that?" asked the dwarf in disbelief, pointing at what to him looked like a dingy little raft. The elf looked up, puzzled. "Of course," he answered, tying off the last of the lines for the sails. "We're going across the ocean in that bloody thing?" The elf stopped what he was doing and turned to face his companion completely, an insulted expression on his face. "That bailing bucket's not sea worthy!" "Are you calling my ship a bailing bucket, Gimli, son of Gloin?" "Ay, laddie, I am. If you think that I'm going with you who knows how far in something that will fall apart at the first wave, then you have something else coming!" Legolas raised an eyebrow and began loading their provisions while his friend stood off to the side, grumbling and complaining to himself. After a few moments of silence that dragged on to a few minutes which quickly became awkward, Legolas cleared his throat and his companion looked up from where he was examining his axe. "Well?" he asked, and the dwarf huffed again. "Are you coming?" "I don't trust elvish handiwork," he muttered and the elf shrugged in an I tried expression. "I could just leave you here with the rest of the world to fade away. I have no qualms about doing that, just so you know," he play threatened. A few minutes later, the small, beautifully crafted boat was gently rolling on the waves, elf stood at the bow, gracefully steering the vessel, while the dwarf sat in tense silence at the stern. "You do realize that you're not going to fall out of the boat at every wave, right?" the blonde man asked, bemusedly and the dwarf glared. "Just because you think you're the best boat maker in Middle Earth doesn't mean - " "I do not think I'm the best boat maker in Middle Earth!" Legolas laughed and, just for spite, guided the small sail boat into an oncoming wave. Gimli gave a small squeak and fell over into the bottom of the boat with the sudden change in his precariously maintained balance. The tall man smirked at the glowering dwarf as he got back to the small wooden bench and reseating himself. "Don't do that again, you elvish princeling." "It was funny, though," the elf protested and made to move the tiller again, earning a snarl from Gimli in the process. "I wasn't going to," he assured his peeved shipmate and tied the tiller off to the rails on the edge of the ship before walking over to lean against the mast. "How you can possibly think this is all safe?!" "Because...it is?" Legolas asked, holding up his hands as though it was obvious. " You made this boat! How is it in any way safe?!" "Name on thing I've made that has broken," the elf countered. Gimli opened his mouth to answer and stopped when he realized that there was nothing he could say. "Exactly." They sat there for a while in continued silence, though it was more companionable this time. "So, are you going to sit there and not talk to me this whole trip?" "How long is this 'whole trip?'" Gimli asked, squinting his eyes in suspicion. The elf shrugged. "No one knows," he replied in too innocent a fashion. "No one - " Gimli spluttered, eyes wide. "No one knows ?! You just go sailing off into the sunset hoping that you'll come across land?" "We know the land exists. We never recorded how far though," the elf explained nonchalantly, and Gimli marveled at the blind faith his friend had in a land that possibly didn't even exist. "I'm just joking. It's two days at most. Probably a little over a day." "Two days? It will take two days, with you, in a cramped boat, to this supposed heaven on Middle Earth?" "Why are you coming then? Why are you coming if you don't believe that the land to the West exists?" Legolas asked accusingly, and the dwarf suddenly looked uncomfortable. A wry smile crossed the tall man's face as he drew amusement from Gimli's discomfort. "Because you're my friend," he finally grumbled. Legolas smiled and sat beside him, putting an arm around his friend's shoulders. "Finally got you to say it." ~'*'~ The day passed with the continued ribbing and jesting between the two of them, the elf's humor light and playful while the dwarf's was harsh and grumbling: the normal routine. Secretly, Legolas was waiting for his companion to get seasick the way he was sitting and psyching himself out. It would certainly provide a sort of humor to the trip other than their innocent bantering. Similarly, Gimli was telling himself he wouldn't give the bloody elf the pleasure of seeing him lose control of his stomach. However, his tensed posture soon proved to be more of a detriment to his efforts to not get sea sick as he felt the first sensations of lethargy, nausea, and dizziness settling over him. After clearing his throat several times and staring pointedly at the horizon, the dwarf's companion finally addressed the issue. "Are you okay?" he asked, and his friend looked at him with a borderline glare before immediately looking back to the horizon with a certain urgency. "Hello?" "I'm fine , lad," he growled finally, and Legolas raised an eyebrow. "Really? Because you're looking a little - " " Yes . I am perfectly fine!" Unimpressed by his denial, Legolas held up seven fingers. "What is that supposed to mean?" "How many fingers am I holding up?" he asked bluntly and watched as, predictably, the dwarf squinted at his fingers, ruined his pointed concentration on the horizon and sent him stumbling for the side of the boat. "The correct answer was seven." Gimli looked up from where he was heaving his guts over the side of the craft and managed to scowl once before turning back to the ocean, throwing up once more. The son of Gloin decided he hated seasickness. And his shipmate The son of Thranduil decided this would be a long two days. ~'*'~ After several hours of intermittent throwing up, Gimli finally managed to get his stomach under control only to discover that his companion was a sympathy vomiter. Vengeance was in fact sweet, he decided as he got his turn to laugh at his elven friend's predicament. "Not so funny when it's you, is it?" he asked and earned a glare. "Well, I would say focus on the horizon but seeing as it's night time that doesn't work anymore." "I'll just stare at the moon, thank you very much," Legolas answered and laid down in the bottom of the craft to fix his eyes on the stable object up in the sky. It was settling to see something so close to his original home in Mirkwood out under the stars. It made moving to the land in the West so much easier. He didn't know that at the other end of the craft, Gimli was thinking the same thing though the places in his mind were Moria, Erebor, and the Iron Hills. It was so...he didn't want to sound peaceful because then he would sound like the elf. He cleared his throat and soon made the mistake of looking down at the water. And the seasickness returned with a vengeance. "I think I'm going to be - " he began before scrambling for the side of the boat, tripping on the benches in his hurried dash, throwing the boat off balance and startling Legolas into scrambling to his feet. And then both made the mistake of heading for the same side of the boat. Roughly ten minutes later... One way to get rid of seasickness was to have the sea slam into your face when you tipped the boat over, the dwarf thought furiously as he sat on the overturned boat. He snuck a glance at the man beside him and gave a short bark of laughter when he thought about how much the elf looked like an annoyed, wet cat. It was rather amusing. "What are you laughing at, Gimli son of Gloin? There must have been a reason that fate had it that I just so happened to grab my weaponry as we flipped over." Gimli eyed him impassively. "And I happened to grab my axe." The two glared at each other before the dwarf broke eye-contact to look at the rising sun. "It was still 43." The elf randomly commented and Gimli's response was swift. "42. Don't push it." "He was technically moving!" "Because my axe was embedded in his nervous system!" "Of course it was," he responded, borderline condescending with his sarcasm. "How do people survive with axes in their heads, tell me that!" Legolas glared and they both turned to look at the horizon again. "That's what I thought." A few more minutes of silence then... "Do we have any food?" "No, Gimli. You knocked it all into the ocean when you flipped the boat over." " That was not my fault, you - " Legolas brought his bow back ever so slightly and there was a resounding splash behind him as he knocked the approaching dwarf off balance and he fell into the water. " YOU- " "That was payback for that incident with the mercenary bosun," Legolas said, turning his attention back to the rising sun. ~'*'~ Frodo sat looking out at the empty horizon, humming away to himself to try and occupy his racing mind. They should have been here by now. What was going on? What is wrong? Frodo looked up to see Galadriel walking over to sink graceful to the ground, sitting beside him. You have not stopped watching the horizon since dawn. "I'm waiting for Legolas and Gimli. They were going to come at some time today, and I don't want to miss them," he explained, looking at the elf beside him momentarily before locking his eyes onto the rising sun once more. "They're the only ones from the Fellowship that I will still have contact with, except of course for Sam. Aragorn has passed on, and so have Merry...and Pippin." Here his tone grew sad. "They're all fading." Dwell not on those who are gone. Celebrate in the ones who are still here. "Thank you. You don't suppose that they've run into trouble?" "Wait for the sun to completely rise above the horizon before you start worrying about your comrades, little hobbit," the Lady of Light laughed before standing and retreating back into the woods of Valinor. Sighing, Frodo turned his attention back to the glass sea. And waited. ~'*'~ "So dwarf women really do have beards?" "Yes! Aragorn wasn't making that up!" "I don't believe you." "Suit yourself then. Dwarf women have beards!" the dwarf proclaimed loud enough for the whole world within a two mile radius to hear. Which was basically them. ... "Now what do you want to talk about?" Gimli hesitated, thinking. "Do any of you pointy-ears have beards?" "The ones who are alive now?" Legolas asked and shook his head. "No, no we don't have beards. Well, we can have beards but we must be in the third cycle of our lives." "And what is that supposed to mean?" "Basically we have to be really old. And I mean really old." "How old is really old?" " Really old!" "I got that but how old is - " " REALLY OLD, GIMLI! DROP IT!" The dwarf huffed slightly at the tone and then proceeded to assume a contemplative expression. "Then..." he began suspiciously, "How old are you exactly that you don't look a day older than the first day I saw