For the first time in a long time, I had some time to myself and nothing to do. I kind of started writing again and this is what happened... I can't promise regular updates like before, but I couldn't resist resurrecting my beloved Cashmere (and I ask you to forgive me with the liberties I've taken with both the plot of Catching Fire and basic medical reality!). I thought I'd post to see how many of my old friends from my 'Freedom' writing days are still out there, so if you haven't read the original trilogy then this will make little sense. As ever, if it's recognisable from canon then it belongs to Suzanne Collins. One last thing before you start - this is the sort of story that gets more cheerful, I promise. But I had to start here for it to work... Chapter One Katniss draws her arm back, taking the string of her bow with it, and everything suddenly seems to slow, almost like I ' m watching on the television and the Capitolian camera crew have slowed the picture to make it more dramatic. I fly across the sand towards Gloss, throwing myself in front of him even as he starts to push me away, but I know even before I get there that I ' m simply not tall enough. The arrow sails over the top of my head and there ' s a sickening crack as it reaches the target it was always intended for. A massive force slams into my chest and I ' m thrown backwards, landing awkwardly on top of Gloss, and though I don ' t truly understand what ' s just happened, my first thought is that he ' s not moving. He ' s not breathing. This can ' t be happening. I promised myself and everyone I love that I ' d protect him. He ' s my brother, he can ' t die because I won ' t let him. I won ' t let the Capitol win. I won ' t let them take him from me. But then I feel the pain, and suddenly I can ' t see properly. I raise my hands to my chest and when I pull them back they ' re wet and sticky with what looks like blood. My blood. The sound of the fighting around me is both deafening and seeming to come from miles away at the same time. With the last of my strength, I throw my arm to the side and grab a fistful of Gloss' jumpsuit, and then I hear them: three cannons, one after the other. As everything gets slowly more distant and begins to fade away, my last thought is that one of them can't be for me. It can't be, because I'm still alive… I open my eyes to nothing but endless white. My first thought is that I'm not really awake after all, that I really did die in the arena and I just thought I didn't. But if this is what comes after, then all the people who cling to the faith that we go somewhere better when we die are unknowingly delusional. Because it's cold in here and the machinery surrounding me looks more than vaguely sinister. It's the only thing that isn't white. I force myself to sit up, and abruptly everything hurts. The sheet that covered me falls away and I realise I'm naked underneath it. My instinct is to pull it back up, but before I can, I see the scar on my chest. It's still a lot darker than the one on my stomach I got at the end of my first Games, but it's already fading. It doesn't make sense. None of this makes sense. I stare down at the harsh red line across my pale skin as it gradually triggers memories of what happened. The jungle. The water. The beach. Johanna's axe. It all really happened, and yet I'm still alive. But why? And if the scar has faded this much then how long have I been here? I somehow know it isn't that long. That frightens me more than I could ever say, because there's only one place in Panem with the technology and science to heal me at all, never mind so completely and so quickly. But I can't think about that for long. I try but everything's fuzzy and I can't think straight. The pain that consumes my body finally reaches my mind, and I lie back on the sterile-looking white bed. Then it hits me. Then I remember what's important. Katniss' arrow, sailing over my head as I threw myself in front of my brother and wasn't tall enough. I heard it find its target. Gloss is dead. The other half of me really is somewhere I can't follow. I've never felt so empty, and many hours must pass as I stare blankly at the stark white wall ahead of me as silent tears trail down my face onto the hard pillow. I don't care. Hours could turn into all eternity and I wouldn't care. Gloss is gone, so nothing else matters now. I could be alive or I could be dead, but without Gloss, its all the same to me. A hidden door in the wall opens silently, and three men walk into my white prison. The colour theme continues to their clothes, one in a lab coat and the other two in spotless Peacekeeper uniforms. It's then that I truly realise I'm not dead. I'm not that lucky. They fired my cannon but kept me alive. But why? "Someone wants a word with you, de Montfort," says one of the Peacekeepers. He's young, dark-haired and handsome, making me think of Gloss in a way that numbs my heart all over again. "If you're going to kill me then do it already. Why didn't you all just leave me to die in the arena? I wish with all my heart that you had." My voice sounds dry and scratchy, and I lose it totally when I see the woman behind the Peacekeepers. Prisca Oakhurst. Head of Snow's Secret Service, Defence Force and general torturer of anyone who gets on the wrong side of the president. I shiver again, but this time I know it's not because of the cold. It's not that I fear for myself because they can't truly hurt me now, not when Gloss is dead and Falco most likely is as well, but that I fear I might say something I shouldn't in a pain-ridden haze. I know too much, about the president, about the rebellion attempt that failed and about the one everyone was hoping would succeed. Falco always told me I knew too much and I always told him not to be so stupid. I was the stupid one. I was always the stupid one. "We're not here to hurt you, Cashmere. Surely you must realise how much trouble we've taken to save your life?" I slowly and shakily rise to my feet, wrapping the sheet around my cold body as I back away from Prisca, not trusting her words for a second. The thud I make as I hit the wall behind me echoes around the room long after I fall still. "Keeping me alive and not hurting me are two very different things. And I know where I am so I know none of this is being done for selfless reasons. What do you want from me?" "It has been decided that you're more use to us alive than you are dead." "You should have thought about that before you threw me back in the arena," I growl, glaring at the Peacekeepers and the man in the lab coat, who are watching me with the same fascination I suspect they'd show a cat that had been cornered on the street by a group of young men who had decided they wanted to stone it to death for sport. "We live in an ever-changing world, Cashmere. What seems like the right course of action at one time isn't necessarily the correct one to take in the end." Everything's still hazy, but I'm aware enough to see the way the older Peacekeeper is looking at me. I can see the lust in his eyes and my heart sinks as I immediately think of Snow's original use for me when I won the Games. But the terror and revulsion I'm expecting doesn't come, and it's then that I realise I don't care anymore. All I can see in my mind is the look on Falco's face as I turned away from him to go to the hovercraft and the Quell arena, Victory screaming as we were led away from District One, Gloss' last moments. Whatever they do to me, it can't be worse than that. "I want to see my brother." "But, Cashmere," says Prisca with sickly-sweet false sympathy. "Your brother died in the Quell…such a tragic waste…" "Where is he?! What have you done with him?! I want to see him!" I reply, becoming increasingly aware of the hysteria in my voice and not caring in the slightest. Blinded with hatred and grief, I throw myself at Prisca, my hands raised and my fingers curled like claws. I almost reach her. I get so close I can see a faint scar above her right eye that I've never noticed before. But then I feel a sharp pain in my neck and everything turns black yet again. The next time I wake, I'm sitting on a chair rather than a bed. They've dressed me in a paper tunic that's so thin I doubt I'd have felt any more vulnerable if they'd left me naked. My wrists are bound to the arms of the chair and my ankles to the legs. The blindingly bright lights flicker on and off every second and it's still freezing cold in here. I wonder if this is how Gloss felt when he was in his first arena. I hope that wherever he is, it's somewhere better than this. The sound of someone clearing their throat makes me look up. Prisca sits opposite me, and though her chair looks considerably more comfortable than mine, her back is as poker-straight as ever. Her expression is harsh and unforgiving, as totally unfeeling as it always is. She gives nothing away. She barely looks human. "This would be so much simpler if you just cooperated," she says, and her smile is cruel rather than comforting. "A lot less time-consuming for me and a lot less painful for you." All I can think is that Gloss would want me to fight back. If there's a even a tiny chance that he can see me now then I want to make him proud. "I've survived a Hunger Games, been sold as a sex slave, hit in the chest with an axe and forced to witness the death of a brother I love more than my own life. Are you seriously mad enough to think you can hurt me now?" "You couldn't begin to imagine…" replies Prisca, her voice trailing off in a way that's every bit as ominous as the glint in her eyes. But I can imagine, and that's the problem. Over the years, Falco has told me enough about the woman sitting opposite me as casually as if she's in her own house for me to understand the true horror she's capable of. She's right, I'm scared, but I'll be damned if I let it show. I owe everyone I love that much. I owe Gloss that much. He might not be here with me but I have to be strong for him. And for Falco. Because I don't know for sure that he's gone. Gloss is dead but Falco might be alive out there, mourning my supposed death but still alive, and as long as he's alive then I've got