He was a rough lover. At least he tipped well. It's not as bad as it sounds, really. I can't find work anywhere, so how else am I supposed to provide for my family? It's not exactly legal, but neither is hunting, so I guess it's just one more thing to add to the list. I don't like what I do, but there's no other way. To be perfectly blunt here, I'm a prostitute. But not the grungy, cheap, go-go dancer kind of prostitute I know about from the Capitol. I might not have enhanced breasts, or a perfectly thin and tanned body, or bottle-blonde hair, or gaudy makeup and clothes, but men know what they like. And that, plain and simple, is sex. It pays pretty well, most days, unless they think I didn't do so well, in which case they pay the bare minimum with no tip. That alone is still a good salary, but with my mother depressed and unemployed, it's difficult to get by. That's why I've learned to do exactly what the man of the night likes and wants, do everything I'm told, and act sexy and alluring. I've gotten pretty good at acting, since it means the customer believes and enjoys the act enough to give a good tip. The man of last night, whose house I'm sneaking out of right now, pushed and smacked me, pulled my hair, taunted me. He licked and sucked on my feet and I pretended to be turned on, but it was the single most disgusting thing I have ever watched a man do. And I've done a lot of disgusting things. How many faked orgasms last night? Three? I wouldn't say I'm disgusted with myself for everything I've done, because I know the reason I'm doing it is to provide for my sister and mother. Every once in awhile I think about it and hate myself for what I've done, but I always end up falling into another strange man's bed, throbbing with both physical and emotional pain. After pulling on my jeans and button down shirt, I quietly creep down the stairs with a wad of cash zipped safely away in the pocket of my coat. It's dark, but I don't really mind it, because it conceals my shame from the world. My arms slide through the sleeves of the hunting jacket and I try to burrow my face into the collar to ward off the biting chill of winter. In the distance, metal crashes on metal and I am momentarily frightened, stopping in my tracks. Coal dust is invisible in this light, or lack thereof, but I know it billows up around my ankles. My hearts beats loudly in my chest, my mind whirring through the possibilities. Wild dog. Raccoons. Coyotes. Axe murderer. Rapist. I chuckle inside at my final speculation, wondering why I'm so worried about that. It wouldn't really be much different from what I do every night. At least I get paid when I consent. Instead of wild night creatures or criminals, a man about my age, 25, shuffles around to the front of the building, dusting his hands off on his navy slacks. Even in the darkness, I can see his bright blonde, shimmering hair and beautiful, toned muscles. He's a little short, but still taller than me, I observe. I can't see his face but I imagine that he's handsome. That he comes towards me and sweeps me off my feet, kissing me gently and making promises of marriage and a family and life-changing romance. I sigh and stare at my feet, smacked in the face by reality. Because the fact is, no decent man would marry a whore like me. The bell tower in the center of town sounds loudly in the distance behind me, startling him. Dong. Dong. 2 am. I'm walking, about to round the corner, when he whips around to check out the clock. He sees me and recognition crosses his face, even though I don't think I've ever seen this man before in my life. He looks confused all of a sudden, but still curious. Probably because it's 2 am and I'm a young woman walking down the street all alone. He holds up his hand in a wave, so I glance away, continue down the street, and leave him behind. XXXXXXXXXXXX The light leaking in through the curtains in the morning is unforgiving. "8 am already?" I grumble at the window. There's no alarm, but I can still tell. My body has its own sort of clock inside of it that tells me when it's time to wake up after falling asleep in a customer's bed, when to get up for hunting, when to go home after hunting, and when to go to bed. The clock in the other room confirms that it's about 8 am – 7:56, actually – so I give a sleeping Prim a kiss on the forehead and head for the woods. I pray that it's not electrified like it was a couple weeks ago, but the telltale buzzing staunches my hope. I sigh audibly and head back to the homestead. The computer I bought years ago for school zooms to life when I click a few buttons, the huge white machine whirring loudly. Prim's already up, milking Lady in the barn. I don't really care about waking my mom up. Even if they knew what I do to get money, I don't think my mom would care. Maybe Prim has guessed it already; she may be only 16, and clueless about these kinds of things, but she's smart and intuitive. Mom just doesn't care about what I do at all. My inbox has exploded with emails, the account I made on a prostitution website serving me well. I delete all 43 emails from Darius. I am never working for him again. Ever. There are four leftover besides those ones, and I click on the most recent request. It's a formal email, with much better manners – and grammar – than most of the emails I usually receive, so I decide to confirm our rendezvous tonight. This will be the fifth night in a row this week. I puff out some air and gaze out the window. This is life. I clear the rest of the emails, but don't bother to respond to the unlucky three this guy beat out for a night with a whore. My aching and sore body crawls back into bed to get more sleep before tonight. Every muscle in my back is tense and knotted, and I hope resting will alleviate some pain. 6 pm rolls around quicker than I expected it to, so I make up an excuse again for Prim, and promise to be back in the morning before she wakes up. I dress up a little bit this time, with a tight skirt, flowing blouse, and heels, knowing full well that there is no way any man can resist a mini skirt when you have legs like mine. The trek to his house isn't long, because I take a quicker back route. I knock loudly on the back door as per his request, and the man standing in front of me is much more attractive than I imagined, with golden hair, blue eyes, and very built arms. He's a little short, but not shorter than me, and wearing khaki pants with a button-down and tie. His jaw line angles perfectly around his face, and he beams at me, baring flawless, pearly teeth. This is the man I saw at 2 am this morning. This is Peeta Mellark. "Hello, Katniss," he says in a soft voice that reminds me of honey. I hide my shock and flash a sexy smile. "Mr. Mellark," I murmur in an attempt to seem mysterious. He chuckles a little. "When I hear that I look over my shoulder for my father. It's Peeta. Just Peeta," he says casually as he steps aside, holding the heavy mahogany door open. I brush past him when I walk in, tracing a finger across his lower abdomen where the waistband of his boxers is. In response, he stumbles back and looks away with a blush. He almost slams the door behind him, purely by accident. I take it that this is his nerves acting up, so I twirl around and gaze sensually and suggestively at him, pushing him up against the door and placing my hands on his chest. I slide them up towards his neck and loosen his tie while asking, "So what do you want to do now?" This doesn't make sense. He's shying away, trying to pry me off of his body, and looking in the opposite direction. Finally he takes my wrists gently and forces me to back up by pushing his body into mine. He places my arms by my sides and backs away, the whole time averting his gaze from me. Several ums and uhs escape his mouth before he manages, "I thought we'd go on a date first." Is he stupid? Or has he just never hired a prostitute before? "What?" I ask, not even trying to hide my surprise, and put my hands on my hips. "I want to take you out," he offers, still not meeting my gaze. Instead, his eyes are trained on the ground. "You want to take me out. On a date," I repeat, and he nods sheepishly, finally making eye contact with me. "Look, that's sweet, but I charge by the hour," I start to explain before he cuts me off. "Oh, of course. Here," he mumbles, digging into his pocket to reveal a large sum of money. He places it in my hands, and opens the door again. "Shall we?" I search his face, still surprised at this. "You're not kidding," I enunciate. When he shakes his head, I blink in confusion a few times, sigh, and finally say, "Okay." XXXXXXXXXXXXXX He drives us there. In his car. I've never been in a car before. It's fascinating. He presses the pedal and we just go. In his car. I reach my hand over to stroke him through his jeans, but he extracts my hand and pulls over to the side of the road. I ask if he wants to hop in the backseat, with my intentions obvious, but he turns that down too. Is he even male? "Look," he begins, his hands still anchored on the steering wheel, "we're just on a date. Consider yourself off the clock. For now, I just want to know Katniss. Not somebody else." I nod in response and look down into my lap, admittedly a little sheepish for what I offered after he turned me down. He makes small talk to get to know each other, but it doesn't feel forced or awkward. He makes it feel natural because of his easy-going demeanor. It's a little strange because I never know anything more about my customers than maybe their name. Sometimes I don't even know that much. I still don't know Foot-Licker's name. But now I know that Peeta owns his family's bakery, he came in second in the whole district in the wrestling league when he was 17, beaten only by his own brother, and he likes to paint. The only girl he was ever in a relationship with was a girl named Delly Cartwright, whom he dated for two years before she left him for someone else. He was 16 when they broke up. When we arrive, he tells me to wait in the car, and he comes around the side to open it for me. He motions for me to get out when I sit there in disbelief, and then takes my arm to escort me into the restaurant. It's a cute little place that if you didn't know it was there, you wouldn't even notice it. There are a few tables filled when we walk in, and the