Disclaimer:The characters are not mine. As always, many thanks to Cairistiona for the beta. Rated: PG 13 A story set somewhere in the East of Middle-earth circa 2979 T.A. Love Unrequited Aragorn froze. A sudden movement had caught his eye. Something, or someone, had slipped behind the rock up ahead of him. It might have been nothing more sinister than a small antelope or a goat or any number of the strange and bizarre animals that inhabited these far lands. But he would take no chances. Slowly, imperceptibly, his hand crept towards the hilt of his sword. Of late, even in slumber, he never unstrapped its sheath from his waist. Since travelling this far into the East, he could never be sure when the next attempt to sever his head from his body was likely to occur. But it troubled him that someone, anyone, could be lurking this near his camp. He believed himself to be in as remote a spot as it was possible to be; there was no habitation for leagues around. He had trawled the country thoroughly; even Sauron's spies, he had learned, did not come to this desolate place. He was heading South, venturing into even more dangerous and inhospitable lands. A battle, with the possibility of injury, so far from help was something he could do without. He eased his sword silently from its sheath, and kept the blade low, mindful to prevent the early morning sun from finding its honed surface and giving him away with its bright shimmer. He clenched his jaw and reluctantly set his mind to battle, while under his breath, he cursed his misfortune that one might be needed at all. He did not need this distraction. Already he was weary of his mission and longed only to complete it swiftly so that he might return home the sooner. Whilst living in Gondor, the camaraderie he had enjoyed with his fellow soldiers had blunted his homesickness, but here, alone in such a hostile place where his very survival was a constant, endless battle, his yearning for the North grew with every step that took him further from those whom he loved. Even in sleep, it seemed, he thought only of his home as the previous night his dreams had been filled with the sweetest and yet the most sorrowful Elven music he had ever heard. Oh what he would give for an evening in the Hall of Fire at this moment. But he could hear no music now. He strained his ears, but there was no sound to be heard. There was not even any wind, only a vast barren emptiness, seemingly devoid of all life. But something was out there and the longer he waited, the more he felt certain it was not a beast. As the minutes ticked by, his sword now firmly in his hand, he risked a slight movement. Nothing happened; no arrow came whistling unseen to pierce him. He watched and waited a little longer; keen eyes missing nothing. Time passed. The sun had risen fully above the horizon. He desperately wanted to be on his way. He began to wonder if perhaps he had been on his own for too long and was only jumping at shadows. Suddenly, a stone fell from the rock face before him, clattering noisily. He flinched as the sound shattered the silence. But there was no further movement and the eerie silence was soon resumed. Still he waited until at last his nerves were raw and he could bear the suspense no longer. Blood surging, he leapt from his hiding place and sprang swiftly up the side of the hill towards the source of the falling stone. Rocks moved noisily under his feet. Heedless, he charged forward, determined that whatever or whoever was out there would rue incurring his ire. Ahead, he suddenly spotted a flash of grey as a tall, cloaked figure slid into the crevice formed by two large boulders. There could be no doubt now, someone sought to conceal his presence in the rocks above. But the intruder's efforts were doomed. Aragorn was not the great hunter he had become through sloth and tardiness. Too late, the figure tried to evade him and, as lightning, Aragorn was before the crack, and into the narrow space he plunged. A fell light, keen and deadly, blazed in his eyes as he confronted his prey. The man raised no weapon yet, in an instant, Aragorn dragged him from his hiding place and slammed him against the rock, his sword perilously close to his prisoner's throat. "Name yourself and your business," he cried loudly in Westron. He doubted the man would understand his words, but he had long ago learned that if you know not the tongue of your opponent, your own speech, imparted forcefully and loudly, often brought about the required result. The figure stood motionless, his hands were raised, covering much of his face, yet deep grey eyes regarded Aragorn with a loathing of an intensity the ranger had never witnessed before, not even in this desolate land where few would ever call him friend. Shocked by the depth of the malice directed towards him, Aragorn stepped back a pace though his sword never wavered. Slowly the man lowered his hands. His chiselled face was surprisingly fair to look upon, fairer than any man Aragorn had seen in a long time, in fact not since leaving his home in Imladris. Almost idly he wondered…but, no, it could not be; the thought was preposterous. Aragorn's eyes were fixed on the unyielding stare of his prisoner, but the idle thought remained and he briefly permitted his gaze to stray a fraction to one side so that he could see the ears of this man, all the while telling himself it was utterly ridiculous to even consider the possibility that this could be an... an Elf? But there, just visible, protruding beneath the long dark hair was the delicate tip of a pointed ear. Aragorn gasped and stated the obvious. "You are an Elf!" A sly grin beneath the cold eyes was the only reply he received. Suddenly Aragorn was at a loss as to how to proceed. He had never in all his life considered the possibility that he would ever encounter an Elf who would be so obviously hostile towards him. He studied his captive more closely, all the while very aware of those piercing eyes trained upon him. The Elf bore little resemblance to any of the Noldor of his acquaintance. And he was certainly not an Exile. Even after their long Ages in Middle-earth, those who had seen the light of the Blessed Realm never lost the image of that light in their eyes. The eyes of this Elf were filled only with darkness. "Who are you?" Aragorn asked, beginning to feel irked by the Elf's intense gaze and reluctance to speak. Not for a moment did he feel he could relax his stance against this must unlikely stranger. His request was met with a continued stony silence. Aragorn hardened his tone. "Speak, or you will feel the bite of my sword." His voice was purposefully strong and masterful. Miscreant soldiers under his command had quailed at softer words than these. Again the Elf smiled, but the implied malice was evident. And then, to Aragorn's surprise, he did speak. His voice was filled with scorn and contempt, his words spoken in halting Westron, yet still its lyrical beauty was as music to Aragorn's deprived ears. "Why would I answer to you, worthless Secondborn Child?" Almost spitting his words he added: "Men! Created in the image of Morgoth, all of you. Kill me if you must. It would be a merciful release. I care not." Without warning, the Elf abruptly pushed passed him and Aragorn was left stunned and impotent. He knew he could not possibly carry out his threat to actually slay this Elf, no matter how infuriating he found him. He had not committed any crime that would hold the charge. But he could not allow him to simply vanish into the Wilderness either. He raced after him and spun him around by his shoulders. "If you have weapons upon your person I would take them now," he said in his most authoritative Captain of Gondor voice. He quickly flung back the Elf's cloak as he was sure he had felt the sheath of a sword beneath the worn fabric, but all the movement revealed was a lyre, an exquisitely beautiful, delicate lyre at that. It was not unlike those he had seen played in the Hall of Fire. "Where did you get this?" he asked as his soldier's eyes simultaneously scanned the Elf's torso searching for signs of weaponry. He appeared to have none. The Elf shook himself free, bristling with indignation. "What is it to you? It is mine; that should be all your concern, nothing more." "Perhaps, but I would still like to know." Aragorn held the Elf's gaze for a moment, desperately trying to find some clue as do how he might bridge the chasm of suspicion that gapped between them. He tried again and made a great effort to speak calmly, almost conversationally. "The lyre appears to be an instrument such as the Sindar might have made. Could it be that you are an Elf from Lothlórien or perhaps even from Mirkwood?" There was barely a flicker of interest on the Elf's face. Aragorn persevered. "I have heard it told that the Teleri did not call themselves the Lindar without good reason. I think perhaps only one of their kind would esteem an instrument such as this as highly as you would appear to." Anger flashed in the Elf's eyes at this presumption. Aragorn pushed his luck. "I might be wrong, of course. Perhaps you are neither Sindar nor Silvan. Might it be that you be an Avari perchance?" "I am no spineless Avari," roared the Elf. "How dare you even suggest such a thing?" Aragorn, pleased at having generated some reaction on the Elf's part, replied: "Well, if you will not introduce yourself, what am I to conclude." A most reasonable deduction he thought rather smugly. "Will you not at least allow me to know who you hold as your lord if you will not tell me your name?" He had clearly piqued the Elf sufficiently to elicit a reply. "I have no lord, nor have I had one these last two Ages, but if I were to count any it would be Thingol Elu, long though has he been gone." Surprised, Aragorn contemplated this revealing remark for a moment. So the Elf was originally from Doriath. But he found it odd that he would not claim allegiance to any of the Elvish realms that remained in Middle-earth. To his knowledge, following the breaking of Beleriand, those Sindar formerly from that realm happily acknowledged their new lords, be they Círdan, Galadriel, Elrond or Thranduil. Yet this Elf appeared to hold no allegiance to any of these. By now Aragorn was beginning to realise that his captive posed no real threat to him in spite of his hostility and that he really ought to let him go and be on his own way. He sheathed his sword, but he was too intrigued to pass up this opportunity to learn more about this strange traveller. For one thing, he thought with an inner smile, it would make quite a tale to tell in the Hall of Fire on his return home. Noticing the gauntness of the Elf's face and the loose fit of his ragged clothing, he tried a different ploy and asked: "Are you hungry?" By the look of him the Elf was surely half starved. "I have only a little food but you are welcome to share it." The Elf looked at him long and hard, as if taking an interest in his captor for the first time. "You are