Disclaimer – SM owns Twilight. Gone Into Oblivion owns this plot. This story is inspired by 'Only Love is Real' by Brian Weiss. Acknowledging – Sunflower Fran for making this readable and clear, Jdifrans1 for offering support and insight throughout. A/N – Ask away any queries. Chapter – 1 A way that leads towards You Suffering is a gift; in it is the hidden mercy. The cure for pain is in the pain ~ Rumi Rumi once said, 'a wound is the place where the light enters you.' This held true for those who had the eyes to see. There was no such thing as regret. Everything was a realization to be grasped, a lesson to be learned. The demons inside people were not actually a curse. They always had something to say. They contained experiences from past, the unresolved issues which threatened to suffocate. If only people listened to them instead of listing them as 'bad' or 'good'. The past may be long forgotten or consciously remembered. Buried or alive. Recent or ancient. The demons never left people until they give it permission to do so. Bella Swan was a beautiful woman, Carlisle noted, as she giggled at a joke he made about the past lives. He was recanting his wariness of camera flashes, and he quipped that in 1904, in America, someone had thrown a classic Kodak camera at his head, thereby killing him. She had a delightful laugh; it lit upher whole face. The reason it was a rare sight was because she had a habit of giving fake, polite smiles. It was a bit painful to watch. It reminded him of his receptionist, Lauren Mallory and his assistant, Maggie. "I guess I shouldn't say 'you should laugh more often' because you already do. I'm assuming that you don't laugh genuinely enough. When you do, though, it's a sight to behold." She smiled. It was a little wistful, "Poetic much, doc? I guess things don't feel funny anymore." He leaned forwardon his desk, intrigued. "What do you mean?" She sighed, "My life has been such a mess for a long while. I'm tired all the time; nothing is interesting, let alone funny." Now he was getting somewhere, "You don't seem asthough you get impressed easily." She threw him a wry smile, "Or so I've been told. But what did you mean by that genuine laughter thing? Does that mean me giving fake smile is that obvious?" Smart. "Sorry to be blunt, but yes. I wonder why you feel the need to fake a smile, though. Is it because you don't want people to become aware of your truest emotions?" "Maybe, or because I don't have any other expression to make. People would call me a weirdo if I sit with a blank expression." That was strange. When Lauren was asked the reason behind that annoying fake smile, she said it was because smiling wasconsidered professional. In everyuniverse through the ages, people felt more at ease whenever there was a smile involved. In all the service areas: airplanes, hospitals, restaurants, clinics … ' Bullshit philosophy,' Carlisle had told her. He vividly remembered how she gaped at him like a fish. "Throwing around fake smiles at people makes them feel judged, not appreciated. I know you're naturally sassy, Lauren, not polite." She swallowed, "But doctor, politeness is not only professional, it's kind." "Not when you don't mean it. I think your, 'get your sweet buns over to that sofa, doc's gonna see you soon, ' is going to sound tentimes more effective than, ' apologies for the delay, the doctor will attend to you shortly' . You know what I mean?" It worked. He could never get enough of his clients saying, 'your receptionist is awesome!' In fact, Bella said she had come only because her boss and his good friend Bree Tanner had insisted. She wasn't sold on the concept of past lives. However, upon meeting the staff, she just had to talk to the doctor himself. Innovative people were magnetic . Carlisle had bit back a smile at Bella's statement. In his mind, innovative was just another name for originality Maggie, on the other hand, had 'compassion' as her middle name. She too was a victim of the set standards of professionalism. She had to adopt a cool exterior so that she wouldn't seem like a mother hen. Carlisle had encouraged her to display full compassion to the fellow clients, no holds barred, as long as she wasn't coming across as nosey. "I don't want plastics as my staff," he always professed, "I want living, breathing people . I want all of you to work towards being natural, rather than normal. Be discreet, but be true. Understood?" When some of his staff members had expressed apprehension that they would sound crass, he'd said, "When you start being kind to yourself, you automatically become kind to others. You don't even have to make an effort. You'll see." The lady in blue in front of him started snickering, "Oh look, now the doctor himself is lost. What have I gotten myself into?" He shook his head to clear his thoughts and that familiar feeling of triumph made its way to his gut. She was able to crack jokes with him. The doctor – client rapport was now established. He got up from his comfortable black chair, clutching the client information sheet, and made his way around the desk towards her. He leaned on the desk and glanced down at her, "I don't know why you're here, Bella." She took a deep breath and leaned against the back of her chair as if all the world's burdens were suddenly on her slender shoulders. "I don't know where to begin, doctor. I have explained my story to many therapists and nothing good has ever come out of it. I know I probably sound dumb coming to a doctor and saying, 'this isn't gonna work', but –" He interrupted her, "I don't want you to focus on the results or the outcome right now. Just reach out to me, say it like it is. And no, it is not dumb to express anxiety about something which has not worked in the past." "Okay." "Now start off from the beginning. It's just you and me, here. Just Carlisle and Bella. Neither the mean lady named Judgement nor the deceiving one named Anticipation are allowed." Bella laughed loudly. The doctor leaning against the desk before her was a killer combo; forty parts wisdom, thirty parts humour and thirty parts confidence. All in all, a full package; genius. "All right, all right. I'll start. "I'm not sure if this is true, but the therapists in the past have told me that this has been one of the 'stimuli' for my depression. Before I begin, Carlisle, can you explain to me the meaning of stimulus? I always forget what it is." He smiled down at her, "A dog knows that when it poops in the bedroom, its master will get annoyed, so it doesn't. In this case, the dog's poop is the stimulus for the master's angry response. Or, the master's angry reaction is the stimulus for the dog's action for pooping inthe right place." Bella stared at him for five whole seconds. Then a huge wave of mirth hit her, and she doubled over. She squeezed her eyes shut, moisture oozing from the corner. Carlisle was grinning too. "I – oh, I forgot the number of t - times poop came up in that sentence!" She shrieked between the delighted peals. He chuckled, "My lame sense of humour is my only asset, dear. Do note that it makes the ladies swoon." "HA! Swoon because of laughter." She slowly straightened up, breathing heavily. Creases of laughter now adorned the corners of her mouth, and her brown eyes had shed that dull look. She had never looked more striking. She wiped her eyes with the tissue he'd handed her. "You have such a way with words, Carlisle." "Thank you, Bella." "Now let me begin, and no more jokes!" From I – don't – know – if – coming – here – is – useful to giving him orders to shut it so that she could speak? This was progress. His tongue was tempted to say, ' Scout's honour!' But he held it. Case study was supposed to be a serious business. "When I was small, I had parents." She began. He gaped at her. "What? I haven't even begun yet." He wiped that expression off his face, "It's nothing. Please go on. Tell me everything about yourself." And so she began . "We were a family of five. I have an elder brother named Emmett McCarty Swan. He's the coolest, generous, most awesome brother anyone could ever ask for. He's really into sports. Currently, he's an acclaimed journalist and owns a golf course. Cool, right?" Carlisle smiled at her. "Then, we have me. I just turned twenty-four this year, and I have a love for alliterations. Do or Die, Now or Never, Dates and Daffodils, ya know?" What a strange detail to share . "Moving on to the youngest child of the Swan family…" That was it about her? "It is Jasper Hale Swan. He's been on this earth for twenty-one years. He's studying Sociology for a future and delivering pizzas for a living. He's got this quiet and icy exterior which adds to his so-called 'brooding' looks." She made air quotations and rolled her eyes, "which the girls swoon over, but actually he's just really lame. If you look at his hairstyle, you'll know what I'm talking about. Also, he has this gross way of eating pizza. He adds so much of ketchup that the whole slice turns red. Lame, like I said." A slight glimmer in her eyes showed this detail amused her. "But he's been a lot closer to me than Emmett during the past months. He frequently visits me and shares everything with me." "Both of you sound pretty close." He had observed that she talked of her youngest brother much more fondly than Emmett, the elder one. She smiled. "We are." "Don't you meet Emmett frequently?" He had to ask her. She looked a little bothered whenever she talked of him. She sighed, drumming her fingers on the table, "Don't get me wrong, Carlisle. I love that guy. He's the biggest ball of mush and romance, despite his bit—too - ripped body and kinda macho looks. His love for football never interfered with his love for cotton candy." She snickered suddenly as if remembering something. It was a happy memory. "That golden, romantic heart of his attracted love at a young age. He met Rosalie when he was nineteen and jobless and is now her proud spouse. It feels unbelievable. Your own brother, who's made mud pies with you, is now married! At twenty-eight! It is so crazy." She smiled sadly, "He'sliving proof of the fact that time flies too fast. Whenever I see him, I feel nostalgia. He used to make me laugh a lot. I miss my brother." Carlisle reached out to grasp her shoulder. "I have no problem with Rosalie either." She said after a pause. "She's a really cool woman who has never made me feel unwelcome. She owns a tattoo parlour, and her art almost convinces me to get a tattoo." "Almost?" he asked, bemused. "What will happen if I get bored with one? They're gonna get etched on my skin till I'm a skeleton, you know." He chuckled, "Valid." This girl really was something. She blushed, "I know I'm full of shit." "You're not, Bella. Tattoos can be tedious." Her eyes lit up, "Alliteration!" "Only for you. Now continue." "Right. Oh, I forgot where we were." "You feeling reluctance to be more intimate with them, no pun intended, even though they have never made you feel unwelcome." "Whoa, you summed it up. That's, uh, so true.