The Scavenger Hunt By: Everleigh Allen A/N: This is the original One Shot version of the story. I have since expanded it into a full story and set to self pub in Fall 2018 if all goes well. Thank you for taking the time to read it and your kind reviews! Blessings! " Most of the shadows of this life are caused by standing in one's own sunshine."~ Ralph Waldo Emerson ~O~ "It's an ancient thing," Jessica said, as if that explained everything. Bella couldn't help but roll her eyes at her clueless friend. She was not one to rely on for pertinent information. "There's no way I can go. My schedule is crazy busy this time of year." "You're not getting the exclusivity of this trip!" Jess huffed. "Every year they only take like- twenty people around Ireland in search of some ancient thing… I can't remember what it is, but whatever; it doesn't matter. What matters is that we're going to Ireland! "But wait… wasn't there something on the news last year about some tourists going missing?" "Well, maybe so, but what do we care? It's not like we even knew them." "Wow. That's profound, Jessica, if not a bit sociopathic." Bella shook her head with exasperation." Look. I can't go all the way to Ireland for a scavenger hunt for some ancient thing. Besides, I definitely can't afford it and neither can you." "All expense paid!" Jessica squealed as she bounced up and down on the balls of her feet. Bella's spine instantly tingled as alarm bells blared in her head. Nothing was ever free. "Where did you hear that?" "Ugh, fine. Here." Jessica pushed some pamphlets toward Bella and watched as she thumbed the papers for several moments. Bella relented. "This just sounds too good to be true. Where did these come from?" Jessica frowned as she was expecting her friend to show a little more excitement about a free trip to Ireland. "They came from Michael Newton, if you must know." "Mike Newton?" Bella practically screeched, wide eyed and fuming. "My ex-boyfriend, Mike Newton? Why would he give you a free trip to Ireland- let alone me?" Jessica grimaced at Bella's puce face and rolled her eyes, flippantly. "That's not a good look for you, Bella. You look like one of those big eyed bugs smashed on the windshield." "Just answer the question." "How you got him in the first place is beyond me." Jessica whispered, evasive. "I didn't just "get' Mike, Jessica. We were dating. We were in a relationship." Bella sneered before a torrent of memories flooded her mind. It had only been about six months since he broke off their on-again, off-again relationship. He abruptly ended their relationship this last time to be with someone else. She could now guess who that someone else was and she was most likely standing right in front of her. "Wait a second… Are you with Mike?" Bella asked as her watchful eyes narrowed at her friend. Jessica teetered on her feet, looking guilty. "Define, with." "Oh, Jessica, no!" Bella wailed, "That is so wrong! Girl code!" "You cannot girl code me! That's unfair! You two didn't even mesh!" She whined. "Even Angela said-" "Angela? You talked to Angela about it? The same Angela who will agree with anyone sitting in front of her at the time?" Jessica nodded, eyes darting around the room for an escape. "Jessica, if she was sitting here right now she wouldn't even know whose side to be on." "I don't know… She seemed so sincere at the time." Bella let out a huge groan, grasping at her hair as she whirled around the living room. "I can't believe you right now. I thought you were my friend… all those nights calling you and talking to you about him-" "Yeah. That was totally awkward for me, too. Can you imagine?" Bella hissed, glaring at Jessica incredulously. Jessica staggered away, arms up in surrender, "Let's not talk boys, alright Bella? Let's forget all about Mike and his amazingly athletic body and heavenly eyes..." "You're unhinged!" Bella gasped, hands in the air, pleading for the Heavens to help. "God, kill me now! Or at least have Zeus strike me down with lightning and release me from the purgatory that is my life!" "Ugh, Bella, really? So dramatic… Whine about your flaccid relationship with a fuck-hot man some more. Oh, and yes, while you're at it, and dismiss the whole amazing trip to Ireland gift you were given with anger and hostility because that makes everything better, you know!" Jessica snapped. "I don't even know you anymore." "Again with the drama," Jessica's arms flailing dramatically through the air. "It's not like you were going to marry Mike. I, however just might! Actually," Jessica pointed at Bella, "it's very possible that I will! And you want to deny me my potential future husband and perfect existence in coital bliss? Ugh! Just, stop thinking about yourself for a minute, Bella, and think of my future babies." "You're out of your mind! He was my boyfriend, Jessica'" "Was- is the operative word! You didn't love him anyway! I am sorry, Bella, but you didn't. But I know you love me, so try to see this from my perspective. Instead of being strung along, you can think of this trip as a parting gift. Like, instead of a grudge fuck, you get a vacation to Ireland! Yay!" Jessica gave Bella a big smile but Bella simply turned her back, went into the kitchen and grabbed a bottle of Smirnoff Ice out of the fridge. She opened it and took a long pull of the grape flavored liquid. "Besides," Jessica said more softly as she watched her friend drink down half the bottle. "You and Mike weren't happy together." Bella spun towards her ready to defend herself when Jessica's hands came up in truce. "I'm not trying to be mean or hurt you, but you know it's true, Bella. Maybe there's a reason we got this trip, you know? Maybe it's just what you need. Some grand adventure in Ireland where you'll finally find something more than just hot sex." Bella huffed as she sat on the couch and sighed; giving in. "The sex wasn't even that hot." "How can you even say that? It's like we were with two different people!" "Please stop talking about you fucking my ex-boyfriend," Bella sighed and then took a another long pull of her drink before she bent forward and picked up the pamphlets and looked at them more closely. Maybe Jessica was right. Bella did want to get away- but would it really be 'getting away' if the ones she wanted to get away from were right there with her? "Fine, UGH! We could always stay home and have a Halloween party here! Couples themed and flaunt our coupledom while you wallow in your singleness in front of everyone." "How evil are you?" Bella looked horrified. Jessica just grinned, "You don't even want to know." "Just let me think for a minute," Bella sat there, mind reeling. Although Bella didn't really want Mike back it still hurt that he had moved on so quickly and especially with one of her close friends. But he did include her on a free trip to Ireland for Halloween, which he probably didn't really want to do in the first place. That was probably Jessica's doing. Besides, being single at a couples' Halloween party would be pretty nightmarish. Bella was just hoping that going to Ireland wouldn't be a mistake. The missing people from the other trip still made her pretty apprehensive. "Please, Bella." Jessica whined. It was one of the worst sounds in the world considering she already had a screechy voice. "Okay." "Okay, yes to Ireland?" "Yes to Ireland." "Excellent! I will tell Mike we're in!" "Wait, he's going?" "Of course! Duh! And you already said you're in, so no going back on your word." ooOOOoo The small man held a sign saying McCarty Tours and Bella couldn't be happier to see him. After hours stuck on a plane watching Jessica and Mike talk, kiss, and fondle each other, Bella had had enough. "That's us," she pointed toward the man and Jessica huffed, trekking the small distance while dragging her feet tiredly. "Oh, finally!" Jessica groaned as she pulled her carryon luggage behind her. Ace followed her and Bella brought up the rear. The man silently led them to the baggage claim to get the rest of their luggage and then to the awaiting car. "See? Only the best for my girls!" Mike scoffed looking at the long stretch of a car in front of them. His arms lifted as he wrapped one arm around Jessica and then tried to wrap his arm around Bella. But Bella moved to the side, away from him. "Not your girl, anymore." Bella sneered. The driver cracked a smile before he shut them in the car and moved to get into the driver's seat. "The drive to the castle is a long one," The driver said when he rolled down the partition between him and his guests. He had a practiced American accent, but there was still a hint of English to him. "I am Alastair. Please take advantage to the spacious seats and use them to sleep if you are so inclined. We have a full schedule once we get to Cullen Castle." "You're not Irish," Jessica spat harshly, scrunching her nose in distaste. "Aye, well spotted," The driver chuckled in a brogue accent. "You will see that your hosts pride themselves with their vast knowledge of language and dialects. They can be whatever they want as it suits them and it amuses them profusely to do so. Very mischievous folk." "Are you English?" Bella asked, sitting on the left side of the car while Mike and Jessica took the right side. Alastair grinned, his light honeyed eyes danced with mirth. "Ah, poppet," He winked, "best get your rest. There won't be the time once we arrive at the castle as you'll be walking right into Tea." Bella nodded, trying to ignore the slight giggles and sickening sounds of her friend getting more and more touchy-feely with her ex-boyfriend. She rolled over in the seat, put her air buds in and then tried to sleep. ooOOOoo "We've arrived," Alistair said as he opened the back door for the occupants to get out. "Just in time to freshen up for Tea." "Alistair!" A woman beamed, coming forward on kitten heels that clicked over the slate stone floors. Their driver opened his arms for the woman who cuddled close to him, her head resting on his chest. "Maggie," He sighed, pulling her to him and kissing her softly. "Everyone this is Maggie. She maintains the estate as well as plans the meals. If there is anything you need, just ask her." The three graciously greeted their hostess before she led them into the grand castle. They were shown to their respective rooms, Jessica declining hers to stay in Ace's room with him. "Not much to see at night, I'm afraid." Maggie smiled as Bella turned toward her. She was trying to see out the vast windows into the lush gardens. "You'll have to look around and familiarize yourself tomorrow. Now, note that we're a wee over booked and had to extend your rooms into the restricted part of the castle usually reserved for family and friends." She frowned, pulling at a large door at the end of the hall but it seemed to be stuck. Maggie ceased trying to open it with an exasperated huff before righting herself. Her eyes narrowed minutely in a glare at the wood before she turned to look off to the doors side window of colorful stained glass. Bella turned to look behind her and then through the glass window trying fervently to see what had her distracted Maggie but saw nothing. The