The Last Ride FAGE 9: The Last Ride TITLE: The Last Ride Written for: Rhonda Erickson Written By: Everleigh Allen Beta'd by: Pixie Kat and Tiffany Vee * All other mistakes are mine. Rating: M Prompt used: 1. Meeting on a train during a cross country trip 2. Being down on their luck with no job, no home etc. There was sadness in her eyes. Unfocused, bleary, but gentle. She watched as the trees flitted by her window in a blur of green and brown with thick grass. The deep burnt caramel colored iris's refracted the light of the setting sun as she bit at her bottom lip unconsciously. Her hair fell in waves of chocolate and honey. The highlights from too long in the sun, no doubt, as was the smattering of freckles over her nose a lovely consequence of carefree warm days in aquamarine water. She played with a lock of her hair, the ends brittle and wispy, unlike the rest of her lush tresses. He wondered if she twisted the lock to soothe herself or just out of boredom. He hoped it wasn't the former; girls like her, gentle and unassuming, were uncommon. He shuffled his paper to the next page, unintentionally startling her and she shifted more to the window as if it was a comforting friend and he frowned, still peeking at her from behind the paper. It wasn't like him to notice anyone, let alone stare at someone so intensely. He couldn't place the draw to her, but he was intrigued nonetheless. When she popped the earbud out of her ear by the window and placed it in the other ear, he furrowed his brow, wondering how he could have missed the slight hiss of her music or the wire to her phone. What kind of music could she be listening to, or was it a book? Her eyes suddenly met his. They stared at each other, the moment tense and awkward. It was like she was trying to ask questions without saying anything. Who are you? What do you want? Why are you staring at me? He pulled the paper back up, effectively blocking her expressive eyes. He could hear her exasperated breath and creak of the seat as she huddled closer to the window again. He smothered a knowing smirk; glad he could elicit some kind of reaction from her. A disembodied muffled voice came over the intercom and people started shuffling to get their tickets ready for the next, longer, leg of the trip. This part included going through the Chunnel to London. Edward had to put his paper down to get to his wallet. He pulled out the ticket easily and put away his wallet before folding up his paper. From the corner of his eye, he could she searching for her ticket, checking her pockets but coming up empty. He frowned when the ticket agent moved through the car, clicking everyone's ticket efficiently but stilled, hand out expectantly when it came to the brunette woman. "Votre billet, s'il vous plaît." "Oh," she gasped, "I can't seem to find it." The ticket agent clucked her tongue, "You will have to exit the train at the next stop to purchase another." "But I have a ticket, I just misplaced it." Bella flushed with embarrassment. "Just give me a moment." The ticket agent didn't care. She motioned toward the exit with a flick of her hand and continued to punch the other tickets, while keeping one eye on Bella. When the train came to a complete stop Bella grabbed her things, looking more fervently for the ticket that wasn't there. She eyed the agent who was coming closer to her, panicking. "I have a ticket somewhere, I swear." "You must exit the train to continue to try to locate it or purchase another. You can take the next available train, madam." She huffed, effectively silencing Bella as she escorted her off the train. The man with the paper followed quietly. Bella complied with a heavy heart. She couldn't believe after everything she had been through, she was careless with the most important pieces of paper. That ticket was freedom and would take her far away from the reasons she needed to get out of Paris. Sitting down on the nearest bench, she turned away as the train left without her. The frustrated tears she was holding back finally fell; her hair shielded her face as she hunched over and dug more fervently through her purse. "Est-ce que tu vas bien?" a melodic voice spoke from beside her. Bella's hands stilled and her body went instantly ridged. "Are you alright?" She looked up at the man. In the sunlight, his hair was copper colored. His green eyes showed genuine concern and a creased formed in his eyebrows waiting for her answer. "You're the one from the train," she said mindlessly, instantly chastising herself. "Oui, that's right," he beamed. "Why did you get off the train? She punched your ticket!" "They make more tickets," he said simply with a shrug. "Do you need another ticket for the Chunnel?" Bella frowned, but she didn't really have any other choice. If he was going to offer her a ticket, she'd take it. "I am afraid so. I could spend all night trying to find the one I lost." "Where are you going?" "London." "Luckily, so am I." He grinned. It was beautiful. "Allow me to introduce myself. I'm Edward Cullen." "Isabella Swan. People call me Bella." "Pleasure," he said. It rolled off his tongue more like a promise than a sentiment. He held out his hand and she placed hers in his, watching as he gently raised it to his lips, kissing it, but his eyes never left hers. "Shall we?" He asked, keeping her hand in his as he moved toward the ticketing gate. She swallowed nervously, eyes darting to him when he wasn't looking. She gently removed her hand from his, trying not to offend him. His hand balled into a fist as soon as she released in and she couldn't help but wonder if he felt the slight static charge she felt from his touch. It could have also been the train that was quickly moving past them. "Deux billets pour Londres; Première d'affaires," he said quietly. The agent was eyeing him and the woman next to him that was still searching through her bag, seemingly oblivious. She gasped at the price but he didn't even flinch. "I can't let you do that," she mouthed, but he gave the ticket agent his card and the woman quickly ran it though, eyeing Bella. "My treat." He smiled kindly. "My mother would never approve of leaving someone stranded, let alone such a beautiful woman." She flushed red but smiled graciously. They were expensive tickets but he knew that they would be in a quieter area and she would be more apt to talk to him in her gratitude. Although it wasn't something he's ever done, but he couldn't help it. She seemed so lost and being so far from home had to be weighing heavy on her. The agent handed the tickets to him, taking another moment to look between the odd couple before they walked away. "Are you hungry? We have some time to kill before the next train." Bella frowned. "I'm fine, but thank you." "You're frown says you're lying," he chuckled lightly. "Let's go to a nearby café and get a baguette." "How cliché," she smiled and he watched her intently, as if he was trying to memorize the way her soft lips curved or how she bit slightly at the corner. It was sweet and silly. "Is that the only French you know?" "Touché," she smirked and he gave a chuckle and threw in a wink. He was charming, she could see that. His good looks and British accent had her eyes drifting down to his hand. Surely, someone so charismatic had to be taken, but she didn't find a ring, not even a mark where one could have been. It wasn't lost on him, either. He wondered how such a beautiful woman could be traveling so lightly and alone in Paris. Was she trying to escape to London from someone or something? The short distance to the small café went quickly and they were soon sitting at one of the small tables on the street. The waiter had brought two glasses of house wine and some bread that Bella was quick to snatch up. "So, what do you do when you're not rescuing the damsels in distress?" There was a bit of ambiance from the flickering tea light candle that glowed over the smoky red bricks. The way the flame danced in his dark green eyes was captivating. "You think I do this often?" His fingers played at the rim of the glass, suggestively. "No, I- I don't know, maybe?" The small tables were intimate, making people lean forward as the music hummed in the background. The bistro had some comical hand-made posters of art that looked old, but clearly weren't. Bella wanted a closer look, but Edward was demanding her attention. He turned slightly, smirking, picking up the flute and making a show of how his tongue barely touched the lip of the glass before he took in the golden liquid. Her breath caught in her throat. "So?" "What?" The flush covering her face in an instant made him want to chuckle but the way her nostril's flared made him control himself. "I assure you, I don't rescue all damsels. You're my first." He grinned. "J'espère que mon dernier," he muttered under his breath. "What was that?" Bella's imploring eyes made him want to talk to her, tell her his secrets, but instead he picked up his glass of wine and took a long sip. He gave her a wink and a slight flirtatious grin, but didn't repeat himself. Instead he sat there watching her with such an intensity she couldn't decide if it was flattering or freaky. He was like a marble statue sitting there all stoic and beautiful. How did she not notice it in the train? "So tell me, what do you do for a living?" "I'm a surgeon," he said simply with a shrug. "The Chunnel is the quickest way to get to my clients in London and Paris." "Oh, wow. That sounds exciting." "It certainly has its moments." He took a long pull of the cool wine but didn't put it down. Instead he was making the liquid swirl as he turned the glass in his fingers. "Why both places?" "My mother is French and my father is English so I've been going back and forth between the two cities my whole life." "I thought I detected an accent." "Ah, well, I speak six languages fluently, so any of them could produce a decent accent." He blushed slightly, but he hid it behind the wine glass. Setting the glass down, he took a chunk of the bread and smiled. "Your turn." Bella's smile instantly fell. "Not much to tell." "You're American?" "I am." "You're young and in a foreign country, alone, with limited funds and limited understanding of the language." "Yes. That's basically it," she bit out. She took a slow sip of her wine. "Although I do tend to understand more than I speak." "Noted." He grinned. "What do you do? What brings you across the pond?" "Oh, you know… the whole normal European experience. Forgo college to run off to Europe and create some art, backpacking and staying in hostels." "An artist," he hummed, appreciative. "Loosely translated, but yes," she scoffed, scrunching her nose and lips in distance. "I haven't had much luck in Paris." She took a large swig of her wine, berating herself for saying too much. The cool burn of the liquid helped to loosen her nerves slightly. "What happened in Paris?" "I met a man named James who