FAGE 8:Soul Mates Title: The Soul Tornado Written for: BlueEyedCherry Written By: Everleigh Allen Beta'd by: Pixie Kat- any mistakes are mine. Rating: M Summary/Prompt used: Eric Church Springsteen- Girl getting the guy out of his shell, reminding him what it's like to be young. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. ... The Soul Tornado Edward Masen Cullen was an obedient man; doing what expected of him, with little complaint. He graduated high school with honors, and excelled in music. At his father's insistence, he begrudgingly took the Ivy League route for college rather than attend Julliard which was his first choice. Of course Edward graduated with honors and in three years instead of four before he headed straight to graduate school. He was entirely focused in getting his education completed and over with so he'd be able to take Carlisle Cullen's place as CEO of Cullen International. Carlisle was positive there wasn't a better man to succeed him in running his company than Edward and had spent years grooming him to do so. Edward, on the other hand, wasn't so sure. And although he cringed as he shook his father's hand as he accepted the job, Edward did what he was expected to do. Edward's life continued as expected… boring, predictable… almost scripted. On one dark autumn night, Edward sat staring at the glass of wine in front of him, listening halfheartedly to his date as she rambled on about whatever she was seemingly excited about. The date had been yet another manipulation by his mother. She set up everything; the girl, the time and place. He just had to show up. So, there he sat, staring at the way she sat poised and proper, decorated with an heirloom pearl necklace and matching earrings. He scoffed, thinking it must be a preview of how she'd look as a perfect society housewife out of the 1950's. It didn't really matter, her nasally voice grated on his nerves. At least he didn't need to speak; he just smiled and nodded to encourage her to continue. Edward's mind started to drift, remembering how much his mother had ranted and raved over this gem of girl. It took her three months of nagging before he agreed to go out with her and judging by her choice of female, he questioned his mother's sanity. There was no way he saw a future with the girl. "Oh, I am sorry! I never do this, but I got a text message that I need to reply to." Edward raised an eyebrow as he sipped his wine. He watched as she thumbed through her messages, looking more and more upset. He set his glass down. "Is everything all right?" "Um, yes?" Jessica sighed. "I should probably make a quick phone call. My neighbor is locked out and apparently I have the only spare key." "Ah, of course." Edward smiled kindly before gesturing for his date to make her call. He felt no sadness at the loss of her company. Ms. Stanley stood, her eyes narrowed as she angrily typed on her phone as she walked away. Edward gestured to the waiter for another glass of wine before pulling out his own phone. He wasn't surprised there were a few texts awaiting his attention, as well. Just tap that ass or let her blow you. It's what guys do. –Emmett Edward scoffed before replying : Not even with your dick. Trust me. Fuck off. Edward, honey, call me when you get home so you can tell me how well you hit it off with Jessica! –Mom Edward cringed. Oh, E, who wants to fuck Mr. Rogers? You're turning into Dad. Sad face emoticon.–Alice Alice said you're into Daddy kink now. Lol. Want to hit the strip club… adopt one of them as your "baby girl?" -Jazz With a roll of his eyes he placed the phone on the table, looking around for his date. He spotted her near the entrance of the restaurant, so it was clear it wasn't one of those rescue texts. If only he could be so lucky. Since she was talking and gesturing from afar like she was on the phone, he opened up his emails and scrolled through them as Eric Church's song: "Springsteen" filtered through the restaurant. He listened to the song curiously, wondering what it was like to feel like that… Young, free, fun. "I'm really sorry, but I told her she could come here to pick up her key, since I wasn't ready to end our date, yet." Ms. Stanley winked with a smile worthy of the Cheshire Cat as she sat back down. "I hope that's okay. She'll just hop in then out." "It's fine. We were pretty much done, as it is. Perhaps you'd like dessert while we wait for…" "Bella," Ms. Stanley almost sneered. "Dessert and then a nightcap would be lovely," she purred, trying to sip her wine in what Edward guessed was supposed to be a seductive way. But even with his lack of experience, he figured she was just trying to prolong the date and that was entirely unacceptable. "I will have to take a rain check on the night cap, unfortunately," he said blandly and without further explanation. "Oh, um all right." Ms. Stanley scowled; unsure how their date had suddenly floundered. She was amazing, beautiful and an excellent conversationalist, after all. Pulling her hair behind her ear, she allowed Edward to select a slice of chocolate cake for himself and cheesecake for her. She was going to hand Bella her key and tell her to fuck off, once and for all. She never really got over the incident when her boyfriend, James, turned his attentions from her to Bella, no matter how unwanted they were from Bella's point of view. She gave a small smile, watching as Edward carefully cut each bite of his cake, before carefully placing it in his mouth. She counted the number of times he chewed his food before swallowing. She noticed how his eyes were cast downward and not at her ample breasts, which she thought was weird. She wondered how he'd be in bed…. a thoughtful lover perhaps, but would he be willing to be taught to do more? Edward pulled his napkin from his lap and wiped his mouth before putting it back on his lap. No. He was totally a vanilla lover, she decided. He'd probably suck in bed. "How's your cheesecake?" Edward asked as soon as she finally placed the bite in her mouth, so she could only nod her enjoyment of the dessert. Edward gave a polite smile, before gesturing for the check. "So sorry," petite brunette passed by the matre'd and headed straight for Ms. Stanley's table. "Hey Jessica, I am so sorry to interrupt," "Oh, stop already!" Ms. Stanley sneered, pulling out her keys and wiggling off the spare before pushing it into Bella's hand. "Just take it and go, as you can see I am on a date!" "Oh!" Bella gasped, just noticing her boss sitting opposite of her neighbor. "Mr. Cullen!" Edward gave a kind smile. She was Springsteen. He was done. He thought about the lyrics and being seventeen, seeing the stars in the sky, and being alive. He wondered what all of that felt like. Edward bet that Bella knew. "Ms. Swan, hello." Edward rose from his chair and reached to grasp her hand in greeting. Bella stared wide-eyed at Ms. Stanley before she returned his handshake. "Hello, Mr. Cullen, sir. I apologize for intruding on your… date." "No apologies, please. Would you like to sit down to catch your breath?" he smiled, sitting back in his seat. One look at Jessica and Bella saw that it wasn't a welcomed idea. She was used to her neighbor being somewhat of a bitch, but it wasn't usually directed at her. "Oh no, I couldn't possibly-" Jessica huffed looking in between Bella and Edward. That one warm smile he freely gave to Bella was more than what Jessica had received from him all evening and she was more than a little put off. She was going to kill Bella and then kill her mother for setting this nightmare of a date up. "Yes, she has to go. Don't you, Bella?" practically growled as she glared so fiercely at Bella that she caused her to stumble. "Yes. I do… I should go," Bella squeaked with her key clutched in her hand. "Thank you, Jess, for my key and it was nice to see you outside of work, Mr. Cullen. I'll see you bright and early tomorrow at work." "Yes. I'll see you tomorrow." He grinned. Bella's stone and crystal necklaces moved with her as she turned away from them. Her long, almost sheer bohemian skirt danced around her light legs as she hustled away, her turquoise tank top hugged her chest and torso. Bracelets that matched the necklaces shimmied down her arm as she lifted her hand to flip her long brunette hair over her shoulder, shielding herself from the other patrons as she walked by. Edward watched Bella until she walked out of the restaurant. He was surprised at her attire; it wasn't anything like she wore to work. At work she always wore very sensible business attire. "Another one bites the dust," Ms. Stanley groaned. "I'm sorry?" Edward turned away from Bella and toward his date, horrified that she had endured his inattention and witnessed his fascination with another woman all in the same evening. "Oh, nothing," she sighed, pushing away her plate before she started to collect her purse. The waiter came with the check, since their guest had left, and placed it before Edward. The man gave Ms. Stanley a wink and a slight smile as he turned to walk away. "It seems you have an admirer." Edward smiled. "Michael seems smitten." Jessica frowned but couldn't help look back at the waiter. Her mother would kill her for going after a lowly waiter. "My mother would never approve of a waiter, of him." She scoffed. "Springsteen," Edward whispered under his breath as he looked a Jessica with new eyes. They were the same. "It seems we have that in common." He gave a reassuring smile. It was then they both realized their presence on the date was not for themselves but to appease others. "You're mother set this up, didn't she?" He nodded. "I am to give a detailed account about how perfect you are for me and probably will expect to be asked to give our wedding date- which will be hastily reserved at the club." Edward chuckled. "How cliché." Jessica said in distaste. "Archaic," He smirked. "Can I ask you a question?" Jessica pulled her purse against her stomach as if it were a shield. She suddenly felt sick. She also noticed that her breasts were fully on display and yet there was still no reaction from Edward. "Sure." "Doesn't it bother you that our parents can live their lives as the wish, with whom they wish, yet we don't get the same respect? How long will we have to do this?" She gestured between herself and Edward. He guessed her comment, although slightly rude, was rhetorical so he kept quiet for the moment. He didn't want to interrupt her epiphany. "Will it be when I marry THE guy, and have THE kids? Will that be enough for them?" "I'm not sure. I don't know your mother," Edward smiled trying to lighten the suddenly somber mood. But Jessica's eyes darkened. "The answer is no, Edward!" Jessica snapped. "I saw how you looked at her… at Bella. Her, all Bella-ish with the whimsy clothes and her weird jewelry. There will be no Bella's for you or Michael's for me!" Edward frowned.