A/N:. Hi all! I was inspired by a prompt on FRAR or Free Writers And Readers. The prompt was about a man reading the instructions, twice. I intended for this to be a one shot, but I am already writing chapter 2, lol. So here's my story. Please let me know what you think. All mistakes are mine. Disclaimer: All characters and settings belong to Stephanie Meyers. I'm just correcting her mistakes. ? "Look, Bells, I read the instructions, twice! I just don't understand how this happened," Jacob explained. "Jacob, honey, sweetie, I get what you're saying, but that doesn't explain why there's soap and water flooding our kitchen floor!" Bella says exasperated. She was ecstatic when Jacob bought the dishwasher for her birthday. Although, never one to really like or accept gifts, this gift here, this dishwasher, was a blessing to her swollen ankles as she entered her third trimester with their first child. Jacob knew that the kitchen was Bella's domain, as rustic and chauvinistic as that sounds. But, it's true. He knew that Bella was most at ease caring for others through cooking meals. There she could shine without an audience. Her need to nourish and supply for people's needs begins and ends in the kitchen. He also knew that their little boy didn't like for his mommy to stand still while she washed dishes. He would constantly kick and move about for attention, Jacob believed. That's why Jacob decided to cross into uncharted waters, literally, and install a dishwasher for Bella. "Jacob, I'm calling Embry. He'll know what to do," Bella said. "Why would you do that?" "Because, even though you are great with your hands and working on cars, kitchen appliances are just not your area of strength. Plus, Embry is a plumber! He'll know exactly what went wrong and fix it." "Ugh! Bells, my brother will never let me live this down! He'll tell Dad and then the Pack will find out, then…" Jacob began to explain and ramble. "Well, Jacob there are some things that we are just not good at. Once you accept that you can move on. And don't Alpha order the Pack not to tease you either. It will keep you humble," Bella says with a smirk. "Oh, you think that is funny, huh?" Jacob asks trying not to show the real hurt he felt about what she said. "Jacob, I didn't mean for you to think that I want them to tease you, it's just that it can be one more way for you guys and girls to be normal. That's all I meant, baby," Bella said hoping to soothe her husband's ruffled wolf and feelings. "Oh, alright! I'll call Embry." "Yay! I promise to make this worthwhile for you!" "Oh really? And how do you plan to do that?" Jacob says with a lustful gleam in his eyes. "Down, boy. You'll just have to wait and see," Bella says saucily as she walks away slowly through the flood in her kitchen. Jacob just watches his wife go and is once again amazed by how much better his wife's coordination is since she's been pregnant. It seems as if Bella gained a new self confidence that allows her to walk and not trip over air. Both Jacob and his wolf were happy about this new prospect and Jacob's wolf really wanted to keep her pupped as often as possible. Jacob knew that his wife just needed something to nudge her along into the woman that he always knew she could be. The woman that her ex-leech could never understand. His overzealous drive to keep Bella depended on him and his magic eightball sister backfired in the most beautiful of ways. Jacob remembered one of the most happiest days of his life. He had just returned and decided to go to her wedding to the leech so that he could see for himself just how beautiful she'll be before he is finally forced to give up on her. Jacob sat with his dad, Seth, and Sue right behind Renee and her husband, Phil. The chair on the other side of Renee was empty only because Charlie was with Bella to walk her down the aisle. His father, Seth, and Sue gave Jacob looks of support and solidarity. They all knew how he felt about Bella and were proud of the strength he was showing to let his one true love go. They all stood as the wedding march began. Jacob sat on the outside seat so that Bella could see him clearly as she passed. Which is exactly what she did. Bella was shocked and excited to see that Jacob had finally returned. Her heart finally eased it's torment now that she could see her best friend. Bella smiles a beautiful and happy smile at Jacob and he returns it with a hint of melancholy and resignation. Charlie sees Jacob and hopes against hope that he would stop this farce of a wedding that his daughter insisted that she wanted. Even after they had discussed how she really felt about marriage. However, Jacob just stood there smiling at Bella and letting her walk right by him. Charlie was confused until he looked at Billy and realized that Jacob has given up on his daughter. Charlie was more than a little angry at Jacob, even Edward received a glare from him, but who Charlie was really mad at was himself. Charlie knew that he should have done more, been more present and really just emphasize how much better Bella would be with Jacob. He already saw Jacob as his son, so he hoped that Jacob and Bella would end up together. But as they passed and Jacob made no move to touch her, Charlie began to lose faith. Charlie continues to walk Bella down the aisle to that punk he hates with a passion. Charlie and Bella walked up to the head of the aisle. Edward held out his hand for Bella to grab when Charlie suddenly stands in the way. Edward stares at Charlie, but surprisingly he can't read what the other man is thinking. Trying not to show his shock, Edward maintains a cool façade as he faces Charlie. "Listen here. I don't like you and I don't believe that you are good enough for my daughter. If you ever hurt her again you can best believe that you will find your ass on fire. And your little fortune cookie sister won't know when that will happen." Every supernatural creature was shocked at what Charlie said. No one saw it coming. All of sudden Jacob bursts into laughter. Seth isn't too far behind, trying in vain to keep his composure. Billy and Sue look at their sons and wonder what in the world got into them and what did Charlie say to get them to react this way. "Jacob, what's so funny?" Billy questions Jacob. However, Jacob can't respond because he's laughing too hard. Sue turns to Seth and he immediately shuts up. "Seth? Won't you clue everyone else in on why you two were laughing so hard?" "Uh...um...no?" Seth replies a bit unsure of how to answer his mother. "No? No! Boy, if you don't open that big mouth of yours and tell me the truth, I swear you will regret it! Now, talk!" Jacob just laughs that much harder. Seth glares at Jacob which sends him into another laughing fit. "You know, you're not making this any better," Seth tells Jacob. Everyone could see that Seth was embarrassed by Sue's outburst and Jacob's extreme laughing. Meanwhile Charlie, Bella, and Edward look on at the antics from the Quileute's section. Charlie looks like he wants to say something, but is holding back. Bella tries her best not to laugh with Jacob at poor Seth's misfortune. Edward stands at the alter and glares daggers at the Quileutes for trying, and succeeding, to ruin his wedding to Bella. Edward glances at Alice hoping to get a read from her of what to expect next, but all she can give is an imperceptible negative shake of her head. There's nothing to see with the wolves in attendance. Alice felt bad for her brother because she knew that he hates being caught unaware, especially where Bella and Jacob are concerned. Edward pinches the bridge of his nose and starts to speak, but gets interrupted by Charlie. Again. "What are you laughing at Jacob? This could have been you up here. At least I would have gained a son that I not only love, but actually like." Jacob abruptly stops laughing and just looks at Charlie. Charlie stares back hoping that Jacob would take the bait. He had a lot riding on Jacob. Yeah, Charlie knew that Bella is probably upset and embarrassed by him right now, but to hell with it! Bella needed a wake-up call now! Jacob takes his time before he responds. "Charlie, you've known me all my life. Practically helped my father raise me. So you know that what I have to say is true. I love Bella with my whole heart and soul. She has always been the only girl that I have ever seen and wanted. Not just as a girlfriend, but as a best friend most importantly. I see her in all her glory, flaws and all, and I love them because they make her the woman she is today. I love that she has such a big heart that she would rather hurt herself than a friend. That she cares for people, in what many may see as simple ways, but I see the time and effort she puts in to help people individually. Like with my father. Bella knows that my job often keeps me extremely busy, so she fixes diabetic friendly meals to tide him over until I get home. She helps me with school work when I get stuck. She's a great listener, when she's allowed to hang around her friends. But most of all, I love her strength. The strength that she doesn't believe or see that she has. This strength allowed her to leave familiar territory with her mother and come to permanently live in Forks with her father. A change that would certainly rattle anyone. She's been hurt and her heart nearly destroyed by a callous know-it-all who broke up with her and left her lost, cold, and afraid in the woods, miles away from her home. Her strength also encompasses forgiveness. She forgives those she truly loves, even when they don't deserve it. The only thing I regret is that she doesn't see and understand my love for her. I would fight to the death, just to keep her heart beating. However, she doesn't want that. She wants someone who has broken her so bad that it took months for her to heal. She wants those who chose each other and left her hanging without a goodbye or even a screw you loser note. She wants what she thinks is perfect and beautiful and elegant, but is nothing but sparkling glass. She rather choose what she thinks is safe than to trudge through life and enjoy the ups and getting through the downs with someone who is equally imperfectly human as she is. So, I say all of this to let everyone know where I stood, but now I have to let her go. She doesn't want me. She doesn't want to admit that she's in love with me too. Hell, she doesn't even want my friendship, really. What more can I do?" Everyone is silent. Tears fall from so many eyes. People witnessed a man who loves with his whole heart, let his heart go. Many women cursed Bella, in their heads, for hurting Jacob, but we're secretly glad to maybe have a chance with this wonderful, beautifully sweet man. Edward's face lights up with glee. He thinks to himself that he's finally won and that Bella