A/N: As my first story on FFN, I'm still a bit new to the GUI, so if there are upload errors, blame it on old (ok, not that old) age. This is a response to the well-known Paladeus' Challenge #11, although I've taken quite a few liberties with the specifics, so maybe consider this a story in the spirit of the challenge, rather than a direct response. Most of the important information is in the summary, but I want to go over it again here so no one's surprised at where the story goes. First and foremost, this is a Lunar Harmony story. I'm a Harmony shipper though and through, but adding Luna to an already strong pairing seems to work well, and I've done my best to write each member as an equal to the other two. If you're not a fan of either of those two relationships, I hope you'll stick around for the story but I understand if you'd rather read something else. Thanks for stopping by! Second, but equally important, is the bashing. I'll say this right now, no-one is safe, but no-one will be singled out either. Just because a character is hammered early on doesn't necessarily mean they'll be slammed later in the story, it really just depends on how everything develops. Having said that though, you can expect everyone's favorite targets (Dumbledore and the Weasleys) to be in the mix. If you're not a fan of bashing of any form, this story might not be for you either, but again, thanks for tuning in and checking it out. It's much appreciated. Thirdly, this is a time-travel story. You'll see a fairly heftly AU presence, and I'll be honest, it's been more than a few years since I last read the novels, so if I drop something that's not canon but is pretty common among FanFic authors, I apologize ahead of time but the disclaimer is there and I'm likely going to run with that event as written here. Finally, this fic is rated M for a reason . It's gonna get dark, and not just "oh, I killed your favorite character" dark. We're talking sexual assault, regular assault, regular sex (and maybe un-regular sex?), torture, death, and copious amounts of swearing, and I've likely forgotten anything else. I won't be putting any warning at the head of the chapters, so any chapter could contain any of the above, and that includes trigger warnings. I want to be absolutely clear on one thing though; to me, rape is the most evil and despicable thing a person can do, and I've portrayed it as such. There's no glory in it, and all rapists in this story will see justice served. Just so you all are forewarned when those scenes arrive. As for an update schedule, I've only just finished the first draft of Chapter 2, and I'm a bit of a slow writer and a perfectionist to boot, so updates may be slow in coming. I'm going to try for one every other week, but no promises there. Also, I'll try and keep the A/N's relatively short, but responses to reviews will be added at the end of each chapter, so please leave them! Oh! I can't believe I forgot a Disclaimer. Uh, I don't own Harry Potter, which is properly for the best, really. Also, there may be ideas that I've unwittingly swiped from other fanfictions, so if I did, sorry and thanks! It's usually easier to beg for forgiveness than to ask for permission, and I'm sure I'm going to fall into that more than a few times. Thanks for tuning in! Please enjoy Of Fae and Fervor ! Chapter 1: All Good Things Harry Potter, emerald-eyed, raven-haired, and prophesized one, stood stoically in front of the large picture window looking out onto a balcony and down into the courtyard of Potter Manor, although calling the Castle he resided in a 'Manor' was the equivalent of calling Queen Elizabeth 'a lady of slight importance'. Below, trading spellfire with vigor and poise that would put even a Bellatrix Lestrange in her prime to shame, danced the two most important people in his entire world. One, a brown bushy-haired and chocolate eyed young woman sent a massive and varying array of colors and incantations of increasing frustration toward the other, a blue-eyed and platinum blonde who seemed to effortlessly be precisely wherever the first's spells were not. "Luna!" the brown-haired woman shouted as a particularly nasty bright orange spell passed through the space that the other woman had been only moments before. "Stop. Moving!" "But Mya, dear," the blonde, Luna, replied casually. "You know the wrackspurts tell me where to move next. It's not my fault you're just pointing at the wrong spot each time. Besides, it's not like I did anything to deserve this anyway." She paused in her explanation to dodge an array of glowing red bolts of light, gracefully finding a seam where none should exist. "Luna," Hermione growled, magic building as her opponent continued to bait her full ire. "You wrote 'Nargles were here' on the inside cover of every book in the library, and then had the gall to interrupt my night with Harry by charming every painting in the entire castle to sing 'God Save the Queen' in a chipmunk voice." "What?" Luna stopped and looked questioningly at her accuser, a dark purple spell hesitating on the tip of her wand. "It was her birthday." "It was my birthday , Luna!" Hermione shouted pointing her wand at the offending woman, a bright green spell lighting the tip, Harry choose at that moment, poorly, to step through the window and address the two women, firing a quick cannon-blast from his wand to alert the combatants. Unfortunately for him, both Hermione and Luna had developed razor-sharp reflexes over the decade of war the three had been fighting, and each turned toward the sound and let loose the spells they had each been holding. Harry's eyes only had enough time to widen imperceptibly before the dark purple and bright green spells impacted his chest and his world collapsed into darkness. Harry. The ethereal voice meandered through Harry's consciousness. He opened his eyes to see, but the darkness surrounding him was complete, and he could only tell his eyes had actually opened by the physical motion itself. Harry Potter. The voice seemed to come from all sides now, louder than before, and was that a different timbre to the sound? Harry peered into the void around him and thought he could just make out a figure looming in the distance. "Harry Potter." This voice was different than the other two, and right behind him. He spun quickly reaching for his wand, only to find it and his holster missing. Any source of the voice, if there was one, lay hidden in the inky blackness surrounding him. "The Fae Queen has need of your services, young Caster." There, behind him again! Harry turned once again and struck out at the source before his eyes had even registered any presence. The figure, humanoid at the very least, dissolved into mist before reforming just out of his reach. Harry's eyebrow rose questioningly as the resolved image revealed a sharp-dressed lithe male with pure white hair, a narrow chin, longish, pointed ears, and piercing violet eyes. The figure raised a perfectly manicured eyebrow, but continued as if no aggression had occurred. "Her Majesty Queen Lilith, Eternal Ruler of the Mortal Plane, bids you and yours to perform a favor for Her Majesty, and in return will grant each soul a boon. Should you accept, ring the Bell and utter the phrase 'I believe', and the Queen's Emissary will be sent to you." Harry, wake up. Harry looked around the darkness for the source of the new and yet familiar voice. He looked back at the messenger but saw only the void once again. Harry, please wake up. The voice seemed complex now, as if two voices spoke as one. Harry closed his eyes and willed himself to consciousness. He slowly opened them again, squinting as brown and blonde locks came into focus. "Um, ow?" Harry winced and tried to sit as the memory of the spell impacts, along with a surge of aches and soreness, permeated his body. The memory of his visitor faded into the recesses of his mind, where it would remain hidden until summoned. Hermione and Luna both wore guilty smirks as they looked down at their mutual lover. They glanced at each other, silently determining which should speak first. Luna pouted slightly having clearly lost the discussion and addressed the grounded male. "We're sorry Harry. You startled us and we both acted on instinct. Um, might I suggest you avoid mirrors for the next few hours? We, um, well," Luna's smirk began growing as Hermione stifled a giggle. "I probably can't blame the Blibbering Humdingers this time." Luna's invocation of one of her more infamous creatures, one that even she had admitted could not possibly exist under the rules of Magic and Nature, was the final straw that broke Hermione. She burst into roaring, infectious laughter and Luna quickly followed, both women falling backwards onto the floor in their mirth. Harry was not amused. "Yes, yes," he gestured absently with his hoof. "Have a laugh at my expen–" His hoof?! Harry raised his arms (legs?) in front of his face and stared blankly at his new eggshell-colored hooves and coarse blue hair before sighing dramatically, which only encouraged the two women's laughter that had just begun to abate. "How long?" he asked dejectedly. Luna and Hermione barely recovered enough to answer the question, although each giggle threatened to start the episode all over again. "Just – heh– just a couple of hours I think. * snort *" Hermione managed. "I think our spells combined," Luna added. "I never knew you to be so … magnificent, Harry." "Oh yes," added Hermione, her grin widening and taking on a predatory glint, "although we may run into some issues, dear Luna. If I recall my Care lessons correctly, our … lack of virtue … may prevent us from approaching him in the near future." Harry's brain worked overtime grasping at the tidbits of information the two women fed him. Magnificent – hooves – blue hair – virtue? What could they … no, they didn't. They couldn't! Harry gingerly lifted his hoof to his forehead and was met with a heartwrenching clunk . "A Unicorn. A bloody blue-haired Unicorn," he deadpanned. Harry made to stand, but the awkwardness of the hooves coupled with the fatigue of the forced transfiguration forced him forward, where he made an unmistakable clackclack on striking the stone floor. "Why don't you just go all the way and add a rainbow tail while you're at it?" "What a wonderful idea, Harry!" Luna said brightly, and waved her wand at the unfortunate male. "No, wait, I wasn't –" Harry felt the magic wash over him before he could properly protest. He looked back and saw his sparkling rainbow tail swish back and forth. Hermione lost her composure once again and Harry looked at her forlornly before collapsing on his side and curling up into a ball. "Wake me when it's gone, please," he pleaded as he closed his eyes and attempted to sleep the horrifying experience away. Still giggling, Hermione and Luna rose and stepped past the curled form of their transfigured lover, making their way toward the Potter Library. Early in the three's cohabitation, Luna had claimed the Library as her Domain, much to both Harry's and Hermione's surprise. Upon further reflection, however, the younger Ravenclaw seemed to fit well among the formerly dusty tomes, more at home than Hermione could ever be. They had barely stepped into the room before a bell rang softly, its tone penetrating every room and space in the castle. "Oh! More visitors!" cried Luna. Casting a quick