Disclaimer: I in no way do not own any part of, nor did I create the Percy Jackson/Heroes of Olympus series both of them belong to the excellent Rick Riordan. Biographies pre-chapter Foreword: As promised the biographies for characters from the story keep in mind these can be updated and changed at any point for future reference. Side note these biographies are currently Original character only meaning the characters I have invented have biographies I shall keep them this way unless reviewers want me to make comprehensive biographies for each and every character or until I decide that I would like to make a biography for every single character. Jack Zane Gender: Male Race: American Age: Fourteen Place of Birth: Alaska Demigod: Yes. His mother is Iris Goddess of rainbows but he doesn't know it. Bio: He's intelligent but tends to be a slacker due to a lack of motivation and a disdain for school. His intelligence may not be in the knowledge of popular culture, academics or any other traditional way of holding knowledge but is there the only obstacle standing in his way is that he must first discover it. He likes to wear lose fitting comfy clothes. His eyes are an orange amber color. He has a rainbow colored Mohawk. Irena Quincy Gender: Female Age: Nineteen Race: Egyptian Place of Birth: Alexandria Egypt Demigod: Yes. Eos the goddess of dawn is her mom Bio: Foreign exchange-student hailing from the Middle East with her brother whom she constantly does her uttermost to keep in line. Somewhat thin with broad shoulders. She has Carmel colored eyes. She wears anything with super cute baby pandas on it. She has Fire red hair. John Quincy Gender: Male Age: Nineteen Race: British Place of Birth: London England. Demigod: Yes. Janus God of doorways. Bio: The fun-loving opposite of his sister has been getting into trouble recently while staying in the South causing his sister to do all she can in order to keep him out of it. He has a forest green afro and Jade green eyes. He wears clothes from the 1980's. Lauren Renee Anderson: Gender: Female Race: Caucasian/mixed Romanian Spanish Age: Sixteen Place of birth: Mississippi Demigod: Unknown who is the parent Biography: Lauren has lived in Mississippi a large portion of her life and has learned to be tough yet kind because of it she is one of three girls within the Misfit Seven club, though do not let her looks deceive, she can hold her own very well and is able to keep the others in line especially the guys. Having been bullied and mistreated at school before, she tries to stand up for others being picked on especially her friends, however it is hard with all the trouble she receives being a girl. With the added stigmatization of mixed-race she usually preserves due to her strength along with the added support of friends. Cody Ray Sullivan: Gender: Male Race: Caucasian/Native American mix Age: Eighteen Place of birth: Texas Demigod/mortal: Either or not really sure Bio: Cody is a high-functioning, Autistic, usually silent, highly disciplined young man who lacks assertiveness though enjoys helping people so much so that at times he can seem downright mindless lacking, free will, allowing people to walk on him at times in order to keep the peace and help out however, do not be fooled by this display of obedience he can be a powerhouse with his intelligence, determination, willpower, and willingness to help others. He as all the members of Misfit Seven has certain problems including lack of social skills and having trouble understanding others while trying to get his own needs met. His other problems though are a little more personal and shall be revealed at a later time. Sierra Nicole Sullivan Race: Caucasian/Native American mix Age: Sixteen Gender: Female Place of birth: Texas Demigod: Same status as her brother Bio: The energetic and fun loving sibling of the family Sierra contrasts with her brother on several key areas where he is shy she is lively, where he thinks first she does on impulse and where he is silent she is loud. Her weaknesses include being bored easily or being selfish. Favorite activities are spending time with family and friends, stealing her brother's computer and staying up late by watching Anime videos on YouTube and antagonizing her father and brother. Mara Lilith Garrison Graves Race: Irish, Hispanic, Greek/fox Age: Eighteen Gender: Female Place of Birth: In a cabin in the heart of the Louisiana swamp. Demigod: Yes although she does not know who her mom is. (It's Artemis) Bio: She has lived in the swamp most of her life and she can be stubborn at times but when push comes to shove she will defend her friends no matter what. Her mother is Artemis goddess of the moon, hunt and patron goddess of animals. Her father is a Cajun hunter and fisherman he is also a fox shape shifter. She can talk with any creature big or small and she has the ability to turn anything into a weapon. She has dark red fox ears and 4 dark red fox tails with neon blue streaks and swirls on her ears and tail. Her fox ears and tails can only be seen by other demigods or mythical creatures. She always wears boots with some type of metal accent on them and she always wears some type of eco-punk clothing. She always wears a choker that has animal teeth on it. She has steel grey eyes. Pale tan skin. She has super long wavy and curly blond/brown hair that looks uneven because she cuts her hair jagged. Elizabeth Toshiba Race: Asian/Russian/French Age: Seventeen and one half Gender: Female Place of Birth: Paris France Demigod: Yes but she only has slight memories about her father Terminus the god of boundaries. Bio: She has lived in France most of her life. She has her own fashion line which she gets inspiration from Paris, Russian, and Asian trends and styles. She mixes the styles together perfectly and she always completes it with matching shoes and either a matching head accessory, bag or jewelry. She is the Mistress of disguise. She has ice blue cat eyes super long light brunet hair with neon pink streaks. She always has her nails and toe nails painted. They are a different color each week. She has pale ivory skin. She can cook anything seemingly out of thin air. She has lived with a kind Russian lady in France. Her only weapons are duel Japanese fan blades. She has a pet Chinese dragon named Yukari. Chelsea Sinclair Age: 15 Race: German Gender: Female Place of Birth: Belgium Demigod: Yes and she knows her mother is Pomona roman goddess of plenty. Bio : From an early age she could cook and grow anything. She has emerald green eyes, ass long tiger orange hair with black streaks, she has ebony skin, and she will always wear some type of German inspired outfit. She is the best at making shinitszle, different types of Belgium waffles, and she can make every kind of funnel cake. Vanessa Kershawi Age: 17 Race: Australian Gender: Female Place of Birth: Australian Outback Demigod: Yes. Her mother is Lupa the wolf goddess Bio: She was raised by kangaroos when she was young then taken in by humans. She has autumn colored eyes, short scraggy strawberry blond hair. She always wears cowgirl boots, a cowboy hat with croc teeth on it and her own mix on Australian clothing. Her weapon is a giant boomerang. She always has her two pet shape shifting wolves ( named Niya and Nala ) , three frost dingoes ( named Naynay , Cougar and Snickers ) , four emus ( named Antioch , Magnis , Ginny and Nettle ) , and four ostriches ( named Dianna , Kaydo , Hulu and Dixie ) following her. Junonia Octavia Age: 14 Race: Indian (from India) Gender: Female Place of Birth: Shimla Demigod: Yes. Her mother is Hestia goddess of the hearth. Bio: She has a pet elephant named Nimlar. She incorporates bollywood and India styles into all her clothes she has long curly brown hair and she always wears bangles and earrings. She can cook any food but her specialty is anything hot and spicy and curry. Her main weapon is an iron wood bamboo staff. She has amber colored eyes and Carmel brown skin. Prologue This story begins in a very odd way with me and some of my friends figuring out something interesting that tie's our lives together. Why is this so strange you may ask? Well you see this is when my friends and, I discover that we are part of a very large group of people called demigods, whom have affected the course of history in this world for the past three millennia. Chapter one: The beginning of a strange day Oh, how I have forgotten my manners. Allow me to introduce myself my name is Lauren Renee Anderson and my story begins in the most unlikely place high school. While this story commences on that day keep in mind the actual event lasted longer from a few short weeks to a month and the reason why this is constantly called the strange day was the influx of new teachers and a few days later new students. Chapter two: An introduction to me and my friends Lauren My alarm clock rings while I groan and rise ready to dress myself, eat breakfast, wake up some of my friends, and head to the bus stop to await the bus whist talking with them. Heading to my closet I step inside, close the door, and remove my night clothes in order to wear my usual attire a pair of green pants with a blue dress and brown pullover while tying my shoes. Heading to the bathroom I put on deodorant shave my legs and arms attend to other personal matters which will not be recorded and head out after taking a quick shower. Breakfast consists of cereal with toast along with some milk after finishing I grab my backpack containing my books and school work while taking a few books off of the book shelve to read with a phone and wallet in one packet and a PSP in the other. Head out once I have hugged my grandmother along with my real father and walk out the door going towards the house of my first friend a boy who is nice and sweet but also moves slow, tends to be lazy, and fan boys in the morning. Cody "Time to wake up" grandma says while I groan and begin to go about readying myself for school and a walk with my friends. "Could you please ask your sister to wake up?" Grandma questions sighing I turn towards Sierras room open the door and politely tell her time for school. Slowly she stirs directs her attention towards me before saying "alright I'm up get out." Nodding I turn around shut her door get dressed then begin to eat breakfast which is mainly a Swiss roll or some other snack cake, a glass of chocolate milk, and maybe some toast, cereal, or sausage. Usually though it is just a snack cake, and a glass of chocolate milk. When I finished I start to put on shorts and a shirt preparing to go back and change my clothes given my tendency to wear plaids with stripes or mismatched colors or even walk out of the house with my shoes on the wrong feet, forcing my grandfather, grandmother, sister, or uncle to check my clothes before I leave. Afterwards having done my daily tasks of readying myself for school including brushing my teeth, walking the dog, combing my hair I then decide to turn on the PS3 and watch some videos mainly involving gaming or some songs that leave me energized. As I wait for the clock to read