Lips, tongue and teeth. Disclaimer: Twilight the franchise and everything therein related, is the property of Stephenie Meyers, whom I am not. I merely play in her garden. Warnings!: Violence and non-consensual intercourse. Please do not read if you are under the age of 18/21 depending on which section of the world you are from. -Begin- 'Aristophanes states that humans originally had four arms, four legs, and a single head made of two faces. Zeus, however, split the human's with his bolts of lightning. Splitting not just the body but the soul.' "Bailing already, Bella?" Lauren's nasal voice sneered from behind her, only just audible over the blaring music, the deep steady pulsing of rhythm seeming to echo her frantically beating heart. No, was most definitely not her scene, nor her crowd. In fact, Bella was pretty sure she only knew a small handful of the people gathered. And most seemed oblivious to her presence. Sucking in a deep, centering breath Bella pivoted on the heel of her shoe and turned to face the blond with a blank stare. Jessica stood at Laurens side, with an uncomfortable looking Angela in tow. "You better not be. You promised you'd come. After all, you owe me for that stunt you pulled at the movies last weekend." Jessica stepped forwards, curls bouncing as she wobbled ever-so-slightly in her platforms. Probably a combination of the drinks Bella had seen Jessica consume and the fact that her feet had to be aching by now. Bella helplessly looked around her at the house party being thrown by someone that she didn't even know. She silently counted the kids, then did a check of the alcohol amount, judging the person to booze ratio with a grimace. Tyler shimmied past, drink in hand. Naked from the waist up, with his shirt tied around his head like some sort of bandana, he sidled up to Lauren. Casting Bella an appreciative once over, he bent to bury his face in Lauren's neck, whispering something that had the blond blushing, shoving him hard but with a smile. Bella clutched her waist. Afraid she would fall in on herself and the gaping hole inside her that seemed to widen in the presence of those who had found love. Even a really obscure love that made no sense, like Lauren's and Tyler's. Though Bella was about ninety-eight percent sure the couple relied on sex to keep them together, she also had to admit that they had outlasted her and Ed- Him. Holy crow, she had to get out of here. Now. It was all too much. Horrible and loud and rowdy. With people trying to hand her shots she didn't want or coerce her into dancing which would only end badly for everyone involved. Sure, she had agreed to come after Jessica all but guilt-tripped her -and maybe on the off possibility that the dangers of teen drinking would cause another illusion of Edward to appear- but she had never specified for how long she'd actually stay. And to be perfectly honest, Bella felt proud she'd lasted as long as she had. "Jess, I-I'm sorry. It's not-" "Good." Jessica steam-rolled over top Bella's pitiful attempt to excuse herself, thrusting a wet, slightly sticky, plastic up into Bella's hands. It's cherry-red contents sloshed as the cup was jostled. A tiny round of pass the parcel happening until Jessica simply let go and Bella was forced to catch it or end up doused in what ever the liquid was. "Don't forget, Bella. Tonight isn't just about you. You're not the only one who got dumped, you know. Like, Mike still hasn't even apologized yet." Jess barreled on, pinning Bella with a look that had her tucking her chin and nodding silently. Slim hands touched her shoulders gently and squeezed. Bella looked up into a smiling face and eyes that flicked from the cheap-o plastic cup in Bella's hands, to her mouth. She opened her mouth to object, but faltered under the look Jessica rewarded Bella's hesitance. Sighing Bella lifted the cup, gave it's sickly sweet contents a cautious sniff then touched the rim to her lips, tipping her head to pull in a hesitant sip. 'Bella stop. What are you doing? You're better than this.' Bella gasped, eyes snapping open at the joy that surged through her like a tsunami. Overwhelming her completely. There hovering just front of her to Jessica's left, the faded, only half visible visage of Edward, frowning with concern. Bella's heart swelled at the sight of him, breath hitching in her throat. He was still so impossibly perfect. His copper hair gleaming in the light of the house. Pale skin as flawless as ever. And eyes, eyes the colour of melted honeycomb had her pinned, cup to her mouth, with a accusatory stare. So lost in her little world that revolved around the opaque figure before her, Bella almost said his name. Almost, but didn't. Couldn't. Pain restricted her heart and closed her throat. And then he was gone, Jessica's body moving to inhabit the same space causing the ghostly figure to disperse. Desperate to bring him back Bella lifted the cup again taking a larger amount in her mouth, actually tasting it this time. The taste of watermelon filled her mouth, coating her tongue and gliding down her throat like honey. No image of Edward appeared. Stifling a agonized moan, Bella quickly tipped the cup again, sipping at the cool liquid that seem to fill her stomach. She felt more full now then she had in weeks. Still, there was nothing. Surely there was no way this could be alcohol. It tasted like Kool-Aid. Though it did leave her thirsty for more and with a tacky mouth. Jessica squealed and bounced easily in her ridiculous shoes, beaming at Bella, bringing her back to the here and now and the fact that she was surrounded by a hundred or so people. It was weird, but the small act of managing to please her friend, had Bella attempting to give a wan smile of her own. Though it felt heavy and wooden on her face and caused her cheeks to ache. She almost wanted to thank Jessica for insisting Bella come to make amends. It had given her yet another glimpse of Edward. "See! Tasty right?" her curly haired friend bubbled and Bella was handed another cup, this time it's contents green. Nodding agreeably, Bella licked a bead of the liquid from the rim and delighted at the taste of green apples. Tart and tangy, yet sweet. Bella sipped at her drink, eyes unconsciously flicking around the room, searching for a hint of copper hair. "You'd never know they were so lethal. Oh hey! I just spotted Mike. I'll be right back." Jessica whirled away in a flurry of pink and clattering heels, Angela giving Bella a last lingering pleading look before she too was dragged away. Probably to distract Eric, who Bella could see was by Mike's side. Shaking her head, Bella wandered off to find another drink, her throat burning with thirst. Her heart hummed at the idea of somehow managing to bring about another vision of her lost love. Maybe if she drank enough. Before she realised it, she'd consumed more than six various cups and colours and stayed over two whole hours. With Jessica nowhere insight, Lauren gone and Edward stubbornly not magically reappearing, Bella thought it was time she went home. Thankful that she had driven herself rather than choosing to carpool seeing as the last thing she wanted was to get stuck, stranded on the Rez. Seeing her chance to flea unnoticed, Bella turned in an attempt to find the direction of the exit. Pushing her way between two beefy guys attempting to dance with the same girl - who was clearly not interested - but found herself stumbling into a closet that was most certainly not the exit. How the hell had she gotten lost? In a house no less. A house that wasn't even large! It had actually looked more like a shanty or shack from outside. Possessing a genuine rustic appeal but had not been well maintained. Bella's tongue felt swollen and numb in her mouth, throat tight as panic set in. And the thirst the previous drink caused only made things worse. After five minutes of wriggling and worming her way through the masses of people, Bella had gotten no closer to finding the exit and instead fled to the first empty room she could find. Though there was a paper sign attached that clearly stated 'do not enter' Bella quickly turned the knob, pushed the door open ducked inside. Tripping on nothing as her legs turned to rubber and her feet stone. She'd barely managed to close the door before the first wave of nausea hit her. Her mouth watered around the pile in her throat as the dizziness set in. At first a slight rocking, which quickly escalated into maddening twirls and turns that tilted the room on it's axes around her before swinging it the complete other way. Bella staggered and dropped to her knees. Determined to not vomit on the floor of some strangers bedroom, Bella crawled her way toward the window. The room was tiny. It reminded her of Jacob's. Why she hadn't thought of him sooner was beyond her since this party she was attending was on the Reservation. Bella knew why. She'd been too wrapped up in the idea of seeing Edward. Admitting it, even to herself made it so much worse. She made the window, and even managed to haul herself up weakly with her arms, before her mouth flew open in a loud retch. The measly contents of her stomach gushed from her with the force of a fire-hose. Scorching her throat and even managing to find its way into her nose. Tears dribbled down her cheeks as she clung to the sill like it was her lifeline. Heave after painful heave, Bella's stomach squeezed every last drop of alcohol from her. It felt as though her intestines had twisted itself into a knot and her stomach had flipped inside-out. Her ears popped with pressure and her head throbbed. She remained there, the cold night air stinging her cheeks as she hung out the little window. The fresh breeze actually helped, marginally. Though she didn't try moving. Merely waited for the next wave, riding the dry-heaves out one croaked whimper at a time. For the first time since the initial nausea hit, Bella realised how fortunate she had been that the heat that had hung heavy in the air and wind earlier had resulting in her tying back her hair. Though thankful for her hair being vomit free, in just her loose-fitting tank-top and shorts, Bella was finding it harder and harder to enjoy the harsh cold nip of the breeze. Once she was sure the last of it was over, she wobbled over to the bed that looked more like an ironing board, sliding onto it as gently as possible. Once on she clung to the bedspread and waited for the world to stop spinning. The last thought she had before blackness descended her was that should she live through this, she vowed to never ever touch anything alcoholic again. * Bella woke the next day to the sound of birds chirping loudly and feeling as though someone was hammering a fencing pike into her skull. Groaning around the acrid taste of pile, she cracked an eye open and frowned. Nope. No one with a hammer and spike. Just her phone. Bella fumbled around blindly for her cell, slapping at air when she realised her bedside table was gone. For some weird reason it was on the other side of her bed, which seemed to have shrunk. Her hands skittered over lose miscellaneous objects and she finally managed to waffle, "Helllo?" into what turned out to be a hairbrush. Grunting she tossed