This is a TWOSHOT that came to me. I hope you all enjoy it. Read and review. CHAPTER ONE I was on the La Push beach with my little-sister and several of her school friends, mainly because Bella begged me to come. One of the girls I had taken an extreme dislike to she was one of those people who you knew no one would ever actually be best friends with because she would spill their secrets to everyone. I stared at Jessica the annoying twit who was constantly making fun of everyone when they weren't in ear shot of course. She had just got done freaking out about my natural eye-color which I was surprised about myself since I was full Quileute. ( my eye-color . ) "Bella like said that you sang and like wrote songs." Jessica said as the conversation shifted away from her. I rolled my eyes at her attempt to get the conversation focused back onto her. "Yeah I do." I said as I chewed on a piece of licorice. Jessica raised her eyebrows at me, "Wow like really!? Could you like sing something?" I wasn't going to at first but then I decided what the heck, I wouldn't lose anything and it would shut Jessica up for a little while. "Sure. Mike can I borrow your CD player?" I said un-enthusiastically. Bella gave me a look and mouthed 'sorry' to me. I gave her a small smile to show her I didn't hold it against her as I finished off the licorice and reached into my backpack for my music CD. I put my CD into the player and started to skip it to the number I wanted. "Does this song have like a story behind it?" Jessica asked her voice grating on my nerves. "Yes. I wrote this after my best-friend died." I said not bothering to hide the ice in my tone. I reached the number I wanted and turned the volume up before setting the player down. ( "See You Again" DOES NOT BELONG TO ME! ) It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again (Hey) Who knew? All the planes we flew Good things we've been through That I'll be standing right here talking to you 'Bout another path I know we loved to hit the road and laugh But something told me that it wouldn't last Had to switch up Look at things different, see the bigger picture Those were the days Hard work forever pays Now I see you in a better place (see you in a better place) Uh How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (I see you again) We've come a long way (yeah, we came a long way) from where we began (you know we started) Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again (let me tell you) When I see you again (Aah oh, aah oh Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) Yeah First you both go out your way And the vibe is feeling strong And what's small turn to a friendship A friendship turn to a bond And that bond will never be broken The love will never get lost (and the love will never get lost) And when brotherhood come first Then the line will never be crossed Established it on our own When that line had to be drawn And that line is what we reach So remember me when I'm gone (remember me when I'm gone) How can we not talk about family when family's all that we got? Everything I went through you were standing there by my side And now you gon' be with me for the last ride So let the light guide your way, yeah Hold every memory as you go And every road you take, will always lead you home, home It's been a long day without you, my friend And I'll tell you all about it when I see you again We've come a long way from where we began Oh, I'll tell you all about it when I see you again When I see you again (Aah oh) (Uh) (Aah oh) (Yeah) (Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) (Ya, ya) When I see you again (Uh) See you again (Wooooh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh) (Yeah, yeah, uh-huh) When I see you again. I grabbed my water bottle and took a swig before I turned from the Sea that I had been looking out at as I sang and was surprised to find that my sister's group had been joined by several Quileute boys. Three were standing near my sister's friends and three others were standing forty feet away from our small group. I raised an eyebrow because the three standing away from the group were shirtless and shoeless and very muscular and tall. I checked out the three not bothering to hide that fact as I raked my eyes over their forms enjoying the view. When I reached the oldest looking one I felt a shiver run down my spine as I stared into his warm caramel colored eyes. He was looking at me like he had never seen a woman before and for a moment we just stared at each other then Jessica cleared her throat and I pulled my eyes away from him to look at the annoying twit. "Wow! That was amazing. Like wow. Really you should totally try out for a group of something you would like totally get in!" Jessica said her voice growing higher and sounding like fingernails on a chalkboard. "Thanks." I muttered as I popped my CD out of the player and put it back in its case before putting the case into my backpack and zipping it up. Before anyone else could say anything my cell-phone rang and I picked it up on the second ring recognizing the number. "Hi Kujou." I said somewhat happily as I pulled my backpack up onto my shoulder and started walking away from the group. I swear I heard a growl from behind me but I ignored it thinking I was hearing things. We talked for a while about different things that were happening before Kujou went silent. I found a large boulder and sat down on it running a hand through my short turquoise and lavender streaked black hair messing it up only for a second before it fell back into its messy Shaggy Bob style. "So what did you really call about Kujou?" I stated more then asked. "Do…you remember when Mai…died?" Kujou asked his voice sounding nervous. I pinched the bridge of my nose and took a deep breath letting it out slowly as I remembered the day that my best-friend had died. "Of course…what about it?" I asked trying to forget the images that my Eidetic memory had pulled to the forefront of my mind. "Do you remember the paramedic who found you?" Kujou asked. I thought for a second before the image of a 5'7 beautiful Asian woman came to mind. "Yeah her name was…Kiyoshi right?" I replied. "Yes. …we're getting married." Kujou said. I blinked in surprise, "Oh….well congratulations. I hope you two have a wonderful marriage." I said confused by why he had called me to tell me this. We weren't close and since the group had been dispersed after Mai died we hadn't been in contact for two reasons. The first was security reasons but the second was because I had pushed the group away completely after Mai had died, I hadn't wanted to let anyone close to me again. It was too painful to lose them. "I called to tell you because she works for the CIA and two months ago they found out who was responsible for the attack that killed Mai…and just three days ago he was executed." Kujou said. I felt my heart stop for a second as I absorbed that information. I wanted to ask him who it was and why he had waited so long to tell me but my throat was tight and I couldn't speak. After a minute of silence Kujou spoke again, "I just thought that you should know we won't talk again. Goodbye Jinx." Kujou said before he hung up. I pressed the call end button and sat there just looking out at the sea my mind drifting over the events that lead up to the death of my best-friend and the horrible things I had done afterwards to try and dull the pain. "Of course the government probably wouldn't label them as 'horrible things'." I thought with a sneer as I remembered the sizeable number of terrorist and black-market traders that I had killed, all with the government's blessings of course, as I attempted to locate the person behind the attack that had killed by best friend. The sun was going down and I could feel the chilly air growing colder but still I sat there just remembering the past until I heard Bella hollering my name. I stood up and brushed off my jeans as I walked towards Bella's voice. I didn't realize how far I had walked while talking to Kujou until then. As I walked into view of my sister I could hear the relief in her voice, "There you are! You were gone for three hours!" Bella exclaimed and I could hear the faint worry in her voice as well. "Sorry, I was talking to…an old friend." I said slinging my arm around Bella's shoulders. "So I take it we are ready to go?" I asked as we walked towards the van and the group of kids. "Yeah…Hey E do you know the Quileute legends?" Bella asked biting her lower lip in thought. I raised an eyebrow in surprise before shaking my head, "No I wasn't brought up on the Rez, even before Charlie and Renee." I replied. Jessica had overheard my last comment and jumped on it. "What do you mean you weren't brought up on the Reservation even before Charlie and Renee?" Jessica asked her voice purposefully louder than necessary to attract everyone's attention. "Shouldn't you like call your parents mom and dad not by their names?" I felt my lips twitch into a snarl and I wanted to rip her a new one but settled on answering as calmly as I could, "I am Quileute by birth, I was adopted by Charlie and Renee two weeks before they found out that Renee was pregnant." "I was wondering why you two didn't look anything alike." Mike said. I shrugged and that was the end of it or at least that would have been until Jessica spoke up. "So like how old are you? Were you orphaned before you were adopted?" I felt my body shake slightly as I tried to hold in the rage that was screaming at me to shred this twit into tiny pieces. However before I could say or do anything Bella spoke up, "Have you ever heard of the phrase mind you own business?" Bella said anger in voice, my shakes stopped and I shrugged off the weird tingly feelings I had been getting as well as I hid my smile, proud of my little sister for speaking up. That shut Jessica up especially since the other teen's agreed with Bella's statement. I walked over to my motorcycle, "Bella did you want a lift from me or were you going to ride with someone else?" I asked as I straddled my bike. "I'll ride with you." Bella replied before