THIS IS A ONESHOT THAT JUST HAPPENED TO TOUCH ON MY MIND AS I LISTENED TO THIS SONG SO I DECIDED TO USE THE LYRICS IN THE ONESHOT. This is the song 'Warrior' by Beth Crowley. The order of event's has been changed to fit with my oneshot. Enjoy and review. Bella stared at the crowd she saw the Cullen family on the left side and Jacob and the shape-shifters' on the right side with her human friends and members from her school in between the two sides. She knew that everyone stupidly thought that she was in love with Edward and she had been until James. That's when she realized that she was in love with Jasper. She knew that he probably had an inkling of her real feelings but tonight she was going to let everything out into the open. Checking the time Bella saw that it was eleven fifty-four, she knew that the song took a little over five minutes so she should be off the stage when it happened. Letting out a shaky sigh Bella grabbed the microphone from Eric who was one of the one's who had helped her set up everything although he didn't know the full reason as Edward could read his mind and spoke up still hidden by the curtain. "Hello everyone thanks for coming out. I asked everyone here so I could clear up a miss-understanding that seems to have caused a lot of division and confusion. Those who know will understand those who don't well come to me afterwards and I'll explain." Bella said before she walked out and nodded to the crowd who hooted and whistled at the sight of her. Her brown shoulder length hair was now dyed a deep red and cut into an asymmetrical bob. Her make-up was beautifully done giving her a naturally seductive beauty, her outfit was an almost floor length black long-sleeve dress with cut-out shoulders and beautiful flowers cut out of her dress showing her skin starting just above her left chest and running down her side and curling around her lower back. It had a slit up the left side that came just above the center of her thigh. She was wearing black bejeweled Jessica Simpson Waleo shoes the five inches putting her directly at six feet one inch she had been in Jacksonville for the past six months at her mother's insistence and it had been good for her. She had gained confidence in herself and her body, she had started taking MMA classes and she began to free-run, swim and skate-board to help with her balance and hand-eye coordination which had given her a light tan and muscles. She had also made friends with a fun-loving girl who had in a roundabout way been responsible for Bella getting her five ear piercings in her left ear and three in her right ear as well as three tattoos. In her ears she had three silver crosses, two small star's, one ahnk, one eternity symbol and single red feather that brushed against her bare neck. The first tattoo on her left bicep was a small black dragon with golden eyes that encircled her arm and its head rested on her left shoulder. The second tattoo was just below James bite mark in Arabic it translated to 'Strength, beauty and confidence are embodied in me', and the third tattoo was the entire moon cycle that was down her spine reminding her that life always changes and to not wait for anything. Smiling at the crowd she blew them all a kiss before nodding to Eric who started the music that they had finished recording just the night before, "Just in time for my 18 th birthday." Bella thought as she began to sing. " You fascinated me Cloaked in shadows and secrecy The beauty of a broken angel Bella saw the looks of confusion from the entire Cullen clan except Jasper who looked at her a slowly dawning comprehension as she had once called him a 'broken angel'. I ventured carefully Afraid of what you thought I'd be But pretty soon I was entangled Bella knew that Edward and the rest of the Cullen's thought of her as some perfect and innocent little girl without flaws however Jasper knew and accepted her flaws, keeping them to himself as Bella didn't feel that she could share her real self with anyone but Jasper. You take me by the hand I question who I am Jasper had taken Bella's hand to try and help calm her down at the hospital and she had briefly woken up to find him holding her hand. Teach me how to fight I'll show you how to win Bella had helped Jasper slowly began to get over his fear of harming her and other innocent humans around him. Unlike Alice, Bella didn't have 'visions' about what he would or wouldn't do and allow that to sway her she had trust, trust that Jasper wouldn't hurt her and that meant everything to Jasper. You're my mortal flaw And I'm your fatal sin Once when at the High School Bella had pushed Jasper into a nearby cleaning closet because one of the kids cut his finger and she saw Jasper was having a hard time controlling himself. While in the small space of the cleaning closet things had happened and they had kissed a long passionate kiss that had them both feeling guilty and longing for more. Let me feel the sting The pain The burn Under my skin Bella saw the realization and disgust on the faces of the shape-shifters as they realized that she wanted to be a vampire, Jacob looked betrayed and after shooting a look that said as much to Bella he and the rest of the shape-shifters turned and left. Belle knew that with Jacob's leaving he took their friendship away with him but as she focused her eyes on the Cullen's and the one she loved she couldn't bring herself to feel regret. It was her choice, her life and no-one had the right to try and make her choice for her. She saw the looks of comprehension on the Cullen's face and the look of almost hatred coming from Rosalie. Put me to the test I'll prove that I'm strong Bella had seen the way Jasper looked at her when no-one else was around, she also knew that Alice wasn't Jasper's true mate and that her happy 'cheerleader' like attitude was a front as she had been very rude to Bella and had hit her several times hard enough, on purpose, to leave nasty bruises. And had threatened Bella to stay away from Jasper or else she would kill her without chance of her being changed. Bella had stood up to Alice and Alice had quit threatening her but Alice still kept a menacing eye on Bella when she was around Jasper. Won't let myself believe That what we feel is wrong Within the first week of staying with her mom Bella came to realize that Edward and Alice were having an affair and she refused to feel guilty about her love for Jasper as Edward had in her new opinion 'pretended' to love her while having an affair with the wife of Jasper, who considered him a brother. I finally see what You knew was inside me All along Bella had confided in Jasper about her low feelings of self-worth that Edward and Jacob and even her own dad inspired in her and they seemed to multiply until she felt she was drowning in them. Jasper had immediately dismissed the thought of her being a weak little girl and told her, "You are strong beautiful young woman, you have your own mind and should speak it and don't worry about hurting someone else's feelings." That behind this soft exterior Lies a warrior Bella had taken Jasper's words to heart and they helped her stand up to Edward and Alice as well as Jacob and Lauren and everyone else who tried to put her down or push her around. My memory refused To separate the lies from truth And search the past My mind created Bella had had nightmare's of Jasper being ripped apart instead of James while Edward and Alice made out and laughed and spit on her while James tortured her and the rest of the Cullen's looked on while Jacob just stared at her and told her it was what she deserved because she loved a leach. Then she also had dreams of Jasper that left her aching for him and his firm cool touch and caresses. I kept on pushing through Standing resolute which you In equal measure Loved and hated Bella had been texting Jasper while she had stayed with her mother ignoring text and call's from Edward, Alice and Jacob. She knew that Edward and Alice were probably frantic because she made sure to make a choice to tell Jasper about their little affair so Alice would see it and either she or Edward would try to stop Bella from telling Jasper. And Jacob was more than likely calling because he wanted to tell her 'I told you so'. While texting Jasper, Bella could feel both his exasperation with her putting herself in the position to get seriously hurt by her new activates and also his happiness that she was doing what she wanted to now. You take me by the hand I'm seeing who I am BELLA HAVING A FLASHBACK: " Isabella my dear girl I have something I need to tell you. You must swear to never reveal this to anyone unless you are without a doubt that you can trust them okay?" Marie said, young Isabella nodded her little head a look of firmness on her chubby angelic face, "Okway Gwammy.""We are descendents from one of the seven lines of Elemental Priestesses that have been guarding this world since we were first created over two thousand years ago. Only one Priestess of each line will live so to keep the balance of life. The abilities and knowledge skip every other generation meaning on your eighteenth birthday underneath the moonlight exactly at the darkest part of the night you will receive your powers and all the knowledge of your ancestors will flow into you and you will become a Guardian of the Elements." Maria said. Bella got a curious look on her face as she reached up her chubby little hand and touched her grandmother's wrinkly face the question on her intelligent but childish face causing her grandmother to press a kiss to her hand before placing it under Isabella's bed covers."My dear child I have aged and I will die, all in the circle of life one day you will have to choose how to use your gifts and who if anyone you trust with your secret." Marie said tucking in her sleepy granddaughter Isabella. Teach me how to fight I'll show you how to win You're my mortal flaw And I'm your fatal sin Let me feel the sting The pain The burn Under my skin Bella saw Jasper move away from the rest of the Cullen's and start coming towards her. Edward stopped him and then reared back from what Bella could only guess that Jasper had said. When the rest of the Cullen's looked at Alice and Edward differently Bella knew that Jasper had told them that he knew about their affair, something which none of the other Cullen's from all appearances had known about. Put me to the test I'll prove that I'm strong Won't let myself believe That what we feel is wrong I finally see what You knew was inside me All along Jasper was almost to the front of the crowd now while Alice and Edward flashed away leaving the other four Cullen's holding each other tightly and giving Bella looks that seemed to be equal parts sorrow