A/N I was never happy with this story, particularly the prologue, but I never could find the right way to change it to what I wanted. Since I'm finally writing again, and wanted to start positing on both this and B4, I went back and completely rewrote the prologue of LC:Brady. The next two chapters will be edited and adjusted to accommodate this new version too, but so far only the prologue is significantly changed. Yes, I'm working on TIC again, but I'm not rushing myself with writing it, and I'm not going to update very quickly. I've only started enjoying writing again, and I don't want to lose that enjoyment the way I did before. For anyone still reading this series, thanks for sticking out such a long wait. :) Lost Chapters: Brady Prologue The waves crashed across the rocky eastern shoreline, churning and foaming as the wind picked up. The weather would turn bad soon, there were dark clouds rolling over the horizon, and there was no one on this beach today except for one. A lone figure walked along the water's edge, staring pensively at the waves, her dark wispy hair blowing across her face and getting in her eyes. It wasn't a good day to be on the beach, even if it was mid-June, but Nikki Connweller needed to think about things. A few weeks ago, Nikki had been on her first date with a guy that she had really liked, Brady Jennings. Brady, who she had liked all school year. Brady, who she had been beyond nervous and excited to go out with. Sure, buying a basketball in Forks while two of their friends were there wasn't exactly a true date…but still. Considering that all of their contact up that point had been short, uncomfortable conversations and lots of lusty staring on her side, going somewhere with Brady had been close enough. Brady had even held her hand in the store, had even put his arm around her waist, had even snuck a kiss outside next to Collin Littlesea's Jeep. It had been Nikki's first kiss, and she had loved every single second of it. Nikki should have gone home and called her best friends, telling them all about it. She should have gone home and played basketball, thinking about the summer that she might have ahead of her. She should have gone home and eaten ice cream and daydreamed about Brady Jennings' mouth, and his shoulders, and that sparkle in his eye when he winked at her in the backseat of Collin's Jeep. She should have done a lot of things. Instead Nikki watched three people she had thought she knew turn into horse-sized wolves, including the boy who had given her that first kiss, because a vampire passed only a few hundred yards away from them. That day, Nikki hadn't done what Collin told her. She hadn't gone back to the Collin's Jeep. Instead she had stayed and watched Owen and Callie phase into a jumbled mass of confused, frightened, snarling wolves. That day she had watched Brady phase into a larger, angrier version of the same, driving the two others away from her and into the woods, as she stood wide-eyed and unable to run away. That day she had sat in Collin's Jeep on the side of the road for what seemed like forever, unable to drive it to La Push because she hadn't known how to drive a stick shift, stranded and shaking with stress and wondering just what the hell was going on. That day she had waited until Jared showed up out of the woods and driven her back to La Push, straight to the Tribal Council. Nikki had never hated the Council before, but by the time Old Quil was done with her, she was pretty sure that she hated them now. They had lectured her for hours about things like phasing and shape-shifting wolves and vampires. Vampires , who regularly broke the borders of La Push and threatened the safety of the reservation. She was lectured about keeping secrets, about protecting the sons of the tribe, and about the dangers of her association with Brady. She was lectured about imprinting, and told that no, she wasn't Brady's imprint. That one had been a hard pill to swallow, especially with a miserable looking Brady standing only a few feet away. With the rest of the Pack occupied with something involving the Cullen family in Forks, and some other wolves from Canada, it had been Brady, Jared, and Kim who had stayed with her while she was with the Council. And afterwards, when Nikki had finally convinced the Council that she would keep her mouth shut, it had been Kim who had taken the brunt of her anger at the deceit. When she had finished tearing apart her sister for lying to her for all these years, Nikki had told Jared not to hug her no matter how upset she was. His ass had been lying to her too. Brady, looking even more miserable, hadn't gotten yelled at. Instead he had walked her home, and when he had tried to see if she was okay, Nikki had told him that she needed some time to think about things. That she was leaving La Push for the summer with her parents instead of her original plan to stay with Kim and Jared, and she had left him standing on her porch alone, a rough-looking boy with an even rougher expression on his face. Nikki was pretty sure that most first dates didn't end with the guy punching the girl's porch railing with a curse as he left, cracking the wooden post with just his fist. When Nikki had left for Florida with her parents a couple days later, Jared had been fixing the porch, but Nikki hadn't said a word to him. After all, Kim had never lied to anyone before Jared, had never had to lie for anyone. For a few days Nikki was pretty sure she hated Jared too, although that anger was short lived. Nikki Connweller had expected this summer vacation in Florida to help her clear her mind, to come to terms with the fact that not only was her brother-in-law a shape shifting wolf, but that all of his friends were the same. To come to terms with the fact that her sister had been imprinted on by Jared, and had known all about it for years. To come to terms with the fact that Shane Qahla was dead because of a vampire. Shane, who had always treated Nikki like his true little sister, not just extended family through Jared and Kim's relationship. Shane, who took her to movies and played sports with her, and made more time for her than Jared had ever been able to. Shane, who she had loved like he was her real big brother. Shane, who was dead, and whose parents would never know why. She thought about those things, but more than anything, she thought about Brady Jennings. She thought about how frightened he had looked when Collin ran off, leaving Brady alone with her and Callie and Owen. She thought about how angry he had seemed when the Council kept on her and on her, even when she kept promising she would keep the Pack's secret. How embarrassed he had looked when they explained imprinting to her, and told her that basically she would never be "the one" for any of the Pack, Brady included. She thought about how disappointed he'd looked when she'd shut the screen door and asked him to give her some space. Nikki wished that she could take it back now, but she couldn't, and she was still confused and upset enough about the rest of it that she wasn't sure what to do or say. So she thought, and she walked, and when there was a rock, she climbed it. Boring, but that was all she had to work with these days. The wind picked up, blowing Nikki's hair away from her face as she passed beneath a pier, climbing the partially submerged rocks and not caring if she slipped. She was a good swimmer and had always been a bit of a risk taker. Quiet, but a risk taker, and it took a lot to scare her. Thinking Callie Jennings had overdosed had scared her. Watching poor Owen phase for the first time had scared her. The three wolf dogfight that had occurred afterwards, with her only a few feet away, had scared her. The idea of vampires really scared her, but ocean waves over rocks? Not so much. As much time as she spent talking to her friends on the phone, Nikki still felt very isolated. Her aunt and uncle had invited them all out here, and there was a reason why Nikki had originally planned on staying in La Push with Kim. Her parents were constantly visiting old friends of the family, none of whom had kids her age and all of whom seemed to be overly interested in what she wanted to do when she graduated. Nikki wasn't old enough to drive, and she was tired of watching movies at the cheap theater near the beach house they were staying in. Walking the beach alone was boring, but there was only so long that she could read before Nikki risked going cross-eyed. At least there were lots of rocks to climb on in this area, where the shoreline cut back towards the road. As she was climbing down from the last one, feet finding sand again, Nikki realized that someone was standing near the water, further up the beach. The figure was obviously an adult man, a cowboy hat over his eyes and a cigarette hanging out of his lips as he stared out at the water, and Nikki wondered if maybe she should turn around and walk the other way. There was a big difference between not being easily scared and being stupid. But he must have seen her, because he glanced her way and met her eyes. Nikki stopped dead in her tracks, suddenly forgetting what she had been so worried about. The blond cowboy gave her a sexy smile, touching the brim of his hat respectfully. Instantly Nikki blushed, her pulse racing as she openly stared at him. She had known attractive men before. Her own brother-in-law was pretty hot, and Jared's friend Paul Coho had literally made her drool before. Nikki had seen Embry Call do pushups in a karate gi, and she had once been privy to Jacob Black taking a nap shirtless on Kim and Jared's couch. But never, ever had she seen anyone that looked like this. He was the most beautiful man she'd ever seen. As if he could tell what she was thinking, the cowboy's smile widened, and he winked at her before gesturing for her to join him. Her blush became fire in her cheeks, and Nikki found herself thinking things that she wasn't used to thinking. Certainly not about strangers that were probably twice her age. Biting her lip, she found herself walking towards him, stopping a few feet away. "Hey there," the blond said in a friendly tone, his voice almost musical to her ears despite the low southern drawl. "Hello," Nikki said shyly, aware that she was staring at him, but unable to look away. His eyes were so pretty: a blending of amber and red, like the one color was shifting into the other. He must not have minded her stares, because he waved her closer. "Storm's coming. Most people don't hang around when the weather gets bad," the cowboy said, settling down in the sand and kicking his foot out in front of him. "Thought I'd be out here all by my lonesome." Lonesome. That was a good word for how Nikki felt. Realizing that the people around her weren't who she had