Shades of Green Chapter One : Moments Between Sleep -x- It was the summer before her seventh year and Hogwarts, and frankly, Ginevra Molly Weasley wished it would go by a little quicker. She absolutely hated being home, it was monotonous and abhorrently annoying. Her family had always just acted so odd around her, they were weirdly fake. And she hated it. She knew they didn't understand her, they didn't want to either. She also knew they were confused by her, almost frightened of her. But they loved her, which kept them from expressing all the aforementioned emotions. It was paradoxical, and at first painful, but now it was just laughable. Because the day she had been sorted into Slytherin House was the day it all changed. Her first year at Hogwarts had been blurry and hazy at best, most of her memory was filled with large gaps and missing pieces. It was almost as if she had been in a waking dream state for most of it. And maybe that's exactly what it had been, considering she was possessed for most of it. The tale was not all that complicated or interesting, it was one almost everyone knew, but didn't know what to do with. Before her first year at Hogwarts, a certain slippery, greasy haired, "former" Death Eater by the name of Lucius Malfoy decided to slip a living piece of the (now dead who briefly came back to life but back then still dead) Dark Lord's soul, into her bag. In the form of a diary. The rest after that is a piece of history she didn't like to relive, but then, who could blame her. Basically, this piece of soul (or whatever it was because no one was sure anymore) possessed her the moment she opened the book and began writing in it. The soul took over, fed on her life energy, nearly killed her. Oh and got her sorted into Slytherin House, which basically ruined her relationship with her family, never-mind the almost dying part though. None other than Harry Potter ended up coming to her rescue, restoring her life and senses. He got the proverbial gold medal in the form of the House Cup and an award for "Services to the School" and she got to be eternally grateful to the boy who lived. What a bunch of farce. Not that she wasn't grateful to Harry, because she was, and it wasn't that he ever rubbed it in her face or something, because he didn't. It was just more that after all that, after finding out everything she had been through and the circumstances surrounding the incident, no one did anything to help her. She'd practically been mind-raped for the last year, and did anyone give a damn? Nope, not really. They were more concerned with throwing Harry parties and patting him on the back. She even approached Dumbledore about re-sorting her, he didn't oblige. He knew everything that happened, but he still refused to bend the rules just a little due to the extraneous circumstances, the way he would have for Harry Hermione and Ron. Instead, he just gave her some mysterious, cliché advice " the individual is not determined by where he is sorted, but by his character. Not all Gryffindors are inherently good, just as not all Slytherins are born bad." Thanks, Dumbledore. It all got to her at the beginning, it got to her so bad. She would cry all the time, because it just felt so unfair. She always felt so much different from everyone in her family, she was the only girl, she always just wanted to fit in. It wasn't that her family made feel unwanted or ignored, they weren't bad to her either. She knew her family loved her dearly, that wasn't the issue. It was more of how careful they were around her. As if anything they say will set her off, upset her, or hurt her. That was why it was annoying. Because it was as if getting sorted into Slytherin had automatically changed everything that made her Ginny, and they had to reacquaint themselves with her. It was all just so irritating at this point. The only person that was halfway normal in this house was her brother Bill, but he was divided between here, Egypt and France. So she barely saw him, save the holidays and surprise visits. But he always treated her as Ginny, the same baby sister he would hoist onto his shoulders at Quidditch games. Between then and now, the Dark Lord had risen again, Harry and his friends went on a save the world mission, go figure, and are now back, after said mission was successful. Of course, that's oversimplifying it completely. They all almost lost their lives on numerous occasions, Harry might have even died (there was still some confusion around that subject) and it was nowhere near as easy as just saying a few spells to vanquish the Dark Lord. Regardless, somehow, someway, Harry did it. Again. The three had decided to return to Hogwarts, though Ginny suspected it was Hermione just strong arming Harry and Ron into doing so. They had received several titles and medals and plaques for everything they had done. They were qualified to do just about any job, hell, Harry had even received an offer to run for Minister of Magic. But instead, Hermione Granger insisted to get her degree the proper way and strongly suggested Ron and Harry do the same. Something was different about the three of them since they'd gotten back. Ron was no longer chasing after Hermione like a luckless puppy. And Harry and Hermione were sort of… coupley , without even meaning to do so. She would often catch them holding hands, touching each other's faces and just always being close to each other. The other day she even saw Harry playing with Hermione's hair as she talked about something in Hogwarts, A History . It was all so strange. But she supposed it was cute, they belonged together. Everyone knew it, she even accepted it a long time ago. And now it seemed, that her thick headed, stubborn, knuts for brains brother had even accepted it. She just wished the two of them would get on with it already, instead of just furiously blushing anytime anyone brought it up. Harry Potter had been her childhood crush since the moment he had stopped to ask her mother how to get through the platform at King's Cross. Even more when he saved her from Riddle's diary. And it grew stronger every time she was around him, which was only around the holdiays when he was over the Burrow, otherwise Slytherins and Gryffindors didn't mingle. But it was during her third year, the Yule Ball most specifically, when she saw the way Harry had looked at Hermione on the arm of Viktor Krum. It was that moment that she knew he would never look at her that way, that she was chasing the ghost of something that was not meant to be hers. That was also the moment she stopped feeling sorry for herself and things that were out of her control. She decided that she would make the best of being in Slytherin, she would try to be friends with the people who were good to her, instead of chasing after people who kept her in the peripheries. She never liked Pansy Parkinson, or Crabbe or Goyle for that matter. But Daphne Greengrass was always nice to her. So was Kennedy Rosier and Romilda Vane. Blaise Zabini wasn't half bad when he wasn't in one of his moods, the boy liked to brood. She had expected all the Slytherins to shun her, ridicule her and call her a blood traitor. It really wasn't like that at all, it was as if being sorted into the House had just made her one of them. And they would bear no grudges. It was Ginny that kept herself isolated for three years, hoping to gain acceptance from Harry Potter and the others. It never came, at least not in the way she wanted to. But she did get it from people in her own House. She had feared for when the War would touch Hogwarts, causing everyone to frantically choose sides. The Gryffindors were particularly loud about expressing their distaste for anything Death Eater, which for them meant Slytherin house as a whole. But everything else was not as divided as she had thought it would be. Surprisingly, her friends had not scrambled to side with the Dark Lord as she thought they would. No one excitedly got themselves branded, no plots to overthrow Hogwarts had been hatched. They were all just worried for their NEWT's. Now, it was over. Things were calm again, and Ginny was looking forward to being back at Hogwarts. She had missed Kennedy and Romilda, even Daphne. There was a knock at her door. Hermione poked her head in a second later, "Hey, Gin. We're all downstairs if you want to join. The boys are involved in particularly riveting —" She paused to role her eyes, "game of exploding snap. Perhaps you could give me some company?" She suggested. That was the thing about Hermione, she was so damn sweet there was no way anyone could hate her. And Ginny knew, because she had tried. But it was no use, it would be like hating a unicorn or a pygmy puff. Reluctantly, Ginny put down the novel she had been trying to read, and got off her bed. "Sure." She obliged. She pulled her long hair into a pony tail, before following Hermione downstairs. As expected, Ron and Harry were rather involved in a game of Exploding Snap. She could see why Hermione would be bored out of her mind. Hermione took a seat on sofa behind Harry, who was sitting on the floor. Almost innately, he leaned back against her legs. And just as naturally, Hermione ran her fingers through his soft black hair. But they were just friends, right? Yeah, real believable. Hermione patted a spot next to her, beckoning Ginny over. Ginny sat beside her, Harry looked up at her. "Hey, Gin. Nice to see you up." He winked. It still made her heart flutter, just barely, but it was there. She hated how… how, Harry, he was. But then she saw him swiftly take the hand that was intertwined in his hair, and kiss her knuckles. It was enough to make the fluttering cease and desist immediately. Flushing red, Hermione quickly pulled her hand away, lightly nudging the back of Harry's head, before turning her attention to Ginny. "How have you been?" She asked, a little breathlessly. Whatever Harry was putting down was clearly good considering how bothered Hermione was just by him kissing her hand, Ginny surmised. Ginny just shrugged a shoulder, she appreciated Hermione trying, but it felt a tad forced. But Hermione was nothing if not persistent. "I feel like we've barely spoken, everything has been such a whirlwind. I've barely had a minute to myself." She sighed. Ginny nodded, "It's understandable. You guys went through a lot. Did a lot." She said honestly. The three of them, but especially Harry and Hermione, deserved all the recognition they received. Hermione gave her a shy smile, "Harry, really. It was all Harry." There it was, that lovey dovey look of affection Hermione seemed to be giving Harry a lot lately. "Certainly. Harry has done a great service to all of Britain." Ginny agreed. "But you mustn't forget how large of a part you played in getting him there." Ginny had always known Hermione was what Harry needed. She pushed him, challenged him, kept him grounded and wasn't afraid to tell him when he was making a mistake. She wasn't his yes man the way most people were, she told him the truth, and she wanted only the best for