Title: HER FIVE THINGS Words: 4,213 Rating: M for sexual reference, themes, and language . Type: One-shot Genre: Tragedy, Hurt/Comfort Plot: The beginning was the worst. She hadn't expected it to come; or perhaps she did, she just didn't expect it to come sooner. There was a sledgehammer lodged next to her heart. It took up so much space that sometimes, she forgets to breathe. AU. EWE. Post-War. DM/HG. Trigger Warning: Character Death. Prompt: Counting Author's Note: Hey! Right, this is a short Dramione one-shot. I'm still focusing on Breathe Again, but of course, I need a break once in a while. Hope you like this one. Thank you so much. Please, your reviews are much appreciated. It keeps me motivated. 'Til next time! Beta: JularaVon (as always; to whom I am eternally indebted to, thank you!) .o.O.o. One. The beginning was the worst. She hadn't expected it to come; or perhaps she did, she just didn't expect it to come so soon. There was a sledgehammer lodged next to her heart. It took up so much space that sometimes, she forgot to breathe. While she held that stick in her hand, bright blue stripes staring right at her, he caught the green spark shooting off from the end of Voldemort's wand. She sat on her bed, alone. He crumpled to the rubble of stones, alone. She didn't know if it was bliss or fear. He didn't know if it was pain or comfort. She tugged a hand on her abdomen and whispered softly. He tried to stretch his fingers, but life was leaving him. When the battle was over, she waited. She stood behind the front door with a hand tucked under her shirt, to hold onto that little thing inside her, and as soon as the door opened, Harry walked in. Her breath got caught in a hitch. She smiled but his face showed sorrow. He didn't look victorious. Behind him, some of the Order members carried a limp figure, unmoving. It was him. Merlin, how she hoped she was wrong. Her heart pumped twice as much as blood as it normally did. Like it tried to beat for him. Warm tears slid down her nose, her cheeks, her neck, her chest. Her hand pressed against the soft skin under her shirt, as if protectively holding that little fragile thing in her stomach. Harry placed his hands on her shoulders; but she moved them away. She turned. She walked. She didn't know where she intended to go; only that, once she had reached the kitchen, her back slid against the wall with a hand pushed through her thick curls, and her entire body falling apart. She knew she screamed. Everybody heard it except her. The buzzing in her ears was louder than ever; and all she could hear was his voice. His soft voice. His breath against the tiny spot under her left earlobe. He whispered his dreams to her before pressing a kiss that sent a million volts of electricity through her. He had made her feel so alive; and now, he was dead. .o.O.o. Two. Skin to skin; his warmth filled her with bliss. Their lower part covered with a tangle of sheets, their thighs and legs wound with each other, their bodies pressed so close that there wasn't any more space to breathe. This was her bliss. Slowly, she turned. His face shadowed by a few strands of his blond hair. There was a thin stubble growing around his jaw that itched whenever he kissed her; but she had never wanted him to shave it off. It was a feeling that she had never wanted to get rid of, a feeling that she wanted to feel forever. "Stop staring, Hermione," he grunted, as his arm tightened its embrace around his naked waist. She didn't move away from him. She felt the underside of his chest breathing against hers. "I'm trying to sleep," and his lips grazed the edge of her shoulders. "And that is you trying to sleep? Or trying to seduce me?" "Is it working?" He cracked an eye open. His grey eye looking right at her, and she smiled. Right then, she decided that his were the only eyes she would look at. Once his fingers started tapping on her skin, tracing every inch, arousal began to climb up her skin again. "Is it working, Hermione?" He breathed on that spot, that tiny patch of skin behind her earlobe. She moaned, earning a smirk from him. She sighed, "You know it works every time. Why do you have to ask?" "Because I like to hear you say it." "Say what?" His hand caressed from her waist to her inner thigh. She trapped her lower lip in between her teeth, humming. "Say what?" She repeated the question; yet, this time, it sounded as if there wasn't enough air to breathe. "That," he hissed. His fingers reached against her damp folds. He opened it, and she buried her face deep against the pillow. He chuckled at how she tried to hide the redness of her cheek but failed when it began to spread to her neck. He placed soft kisses on her back as he lifted himself off the bed. She was dripping against his fingers. Merlin, his touch killed her. She longed for it. She missed it even if she had just wasted the entire evening with him. "Do you want me to keep going?" He asked, his fingers unmoving. She nodded. "Say it, Hermione. I want to hear you say it—" "I want—" "Want what, love?" Her eyes opened. She looked right at him; and for a split second, he was the only thing she could see. "You, Draco. I want you. All of you. Give me… you." Without a second longer, his mouth collided with hers. Lips to lips. Tongue to tongue. Teeth to teeth. Her mouth was already open when he kissed it, inviting him to enter her without doubt, because she needed him to. She wanted him to. Together, their mouth explored each other's taste, defined by unspoken words that neither of them could ever express. His hands traveled to her waist. On the curves of her breasts. Her flat stomach, rising high and low as her breathing accelerated. She found his hair filling the spaces between her fingers as she tried to hold his head steady. Slowly, he placed himself between her knees. His erection rubbing against her bundle of nerves—and Merlin's fucking beard, he was about to lose it. Once his mouth left hers, it found its way to her neck. His teeth grinding on her earlobes, to her collarbone, to her jaw—everywhere. Her nails dug into his shoulders as she muttered, "Please, Draco. I want—" And he accepted it. He accepted her. The tip of his hardened member entered the opening of her walls, and she gasped. He kissed her again. Her breaths became one with his. He pushed in, and she moaned at his every move. When he filled her, she let out a groan with her head dropped onto the pillow. Her throat bobbing as she swallowed. He couldn't help but trail kisses along the tunnel of her neck and settled when his lips touched the edge of her chin. "Draco, please move," she exhaled. She pushed her hips against his; but he stopped her, chuckling. Stopping, she looked at him and asked, "What's wrong? Did I do something wrong?" He shook his head. He smirked nervously. "No, love. Nothing's wrong. You didn't—fuck, don't move, okay? Let me move. I won't last if you keep doing that," he said, out of breath, shaking. Her eyes softened after he let out an agitated laugh. She reached and kissed his cheek. His face flushed. "Then, come for me, Draco," she said, biting her lip. "Let me make it good for you. And I can't make it if you move like that," he replied. "Don't worry about me. It'll be good, no matter what. What matters is that you're here with me," and she kissed him again. This time, his teeth found her lower lip. He tugged it before pressing for a harder kiss. She returned it with fervor. His tongue lavished hers with such intensity, reminding her of their first kiss, an accident, an impulsive reaction to an argument. He moved. Slowly, and heightened his pace. He nuzzled his face on the curve of her neck while she sighed at his movements. He thrusted faster, deeper, harder. His hips slammed against hers rapidly but gently at the same time. Her walls began to tighten around his throbbing member. The tip hitting a sensitive spot somewhere inside that made her stomach squirm in ecstasy. His fingers found her clit again. He rubbed it slowly as he thrusted, and she bit her lip so hard that she feared it might bruise later, and he watched her. She moaned. He grunted. She gasped. He smirked. She exhaled. He cursed. Reaching their peak, he collapsed on top of her. Their perspired skin pressed together. She looked up right at him. She pushed the stray hair out of his forehead, glued with sweat, before kissing his mouth again. She bit her lip, and he groaned. She laughed as he hid his flushed face in her frizzy hair. "I love you, Draco. No matter what happens, okay? I love you," she whispered to his ear. He nodded. He didn't have to tell her because she knew. He never was good at expressing his feelings into words. He always struggled to tell her things, which usually led to their arguments; but she knew. She saw it in his eyes. Things he felt, things he wanted to tell her but could never, things he saw in her. And it was alright. .o.O.o. Three. Anger swelled in her chest. Hermione twisted and paced inside her room—their room. She couldn't help but let her arms thrash into the air that she breathed while attempting to calm her nerves down. But how could she? No, she couldn't. Not like this. Not when he forced her to leave the battle. The coin in her hand had been drained of its energy to transport back to the Ministry. He threw it at her, and she caught it—not knowing what it was. The next moment was Hermione landing right into 12 Grimmauld Place. She tried to return to the battle but the anti-apparition wards had been activated, the front door was jammed, and there was nowhere for her to go other than the corners of this old house. When the door opened, Draco Malfoy limped right in with a relieved look on his face. His blond hair had been ruffled into different directions. His cheeks were covered in dirt. His left hand shook after hours of dueling. Though he looked dead, his typical smirk laced with such insolence flashed in Hermione's eyes that only pushed her to slap him right there. He recoiled in shock. "What the fuck, Granger?" Malfoy hissed—hand pressed onto the cheek that had just been assaulted. He looked as though he wanted to barf. She threw the coin at his face. It didn't hit his head as she planned but the coin landed between his fingers as he caught. Hermione turned her back to him. She couldn't let him see the tears that edged around her eyelids as emotions flooded her right there. Malfoy let out an audible sigh, saying, "Are you mad because I sent you back here—" Hermione snorted at that, but he continued, "—Merlin, Granger! We were getting killed out there. There were hundreds of Death Eaters, and you want, what? To stay and fight? Are you daft?!" Her head spun back faster than he blinked. The tears that she tried to hold back had fallen. Each drop was sliding down her cheeks. Her lips quivered in frustration. He stood there, unaware of what to do, and she sobbed, "YES! This is my fight