Tender Loving Touch (One-shot) Warning: This story is rated for (Mature) audience, which includes scenes of sexual nature. View's discretion is advised. .. Also excuse any errors, I check my own writing/grammar and I don't do a very good job. Author's note: To celebrate my newfound freedom from Academic life I decided to do a one shot just to get into my groove since I feel my creative writing might be a mega-tad rusty. For this plotline's sake Carlisle is not married to Esme and their relationship is purely platonic. This is set when Bella first moved to Forks, and after she figured out the Cullen's secret. A fragment of suspension first began to pick its way at the back of his brain on a rare day when the emergency room was peaceful and empty. But often enough, there would always be one particular visitor Doctor Carlisle Cullen would always anticipate, and often predict seeing, in the largest wing of the hospital. She always preferred occupying one of the beds at the farthest end of the room. The beds that were reserved for the most gruesome and gory of accidents, where the curtains went all the way around the entire diameter of the area in order to shield the sight from other faint-hearted patient – The horror that could only be witnessed in a low rate slasher movie with lots and lots of fake blood, but in this case the blood and gore were real. But on most regular days they were occupied by a little brown haired, rosy-cheeked, teenage girl, hiding behind the curtains, awaiting a medical staff to treat her most recent case of clumsy mishap. Carlisle, being a vampire, with no need to rest, nor tire, or eat, was regularly on duty for the emergency room patients for a consecutive 72 hours. Being naturally pale with insomniac rimmed eyes added to affect of the 'workaholic doctor' illusion he fooled his co-workers with ease into believing. And so as the ritual of the nurses went, he was the first to be called upon to attend and treat the sick and ail. And today was no different, he thought, as he was sitting in his office – on the first floor – passing the time by reading. His pager vibrated signaling his attention and immediate attendance. Carlisle lifted the generously thick-paged book off his lap, placed it on his desk while he finished the last paragraph in that particular page, and snapped the book shut. He didn't even need to place a bookmark to signal his reaching point; he has memorized it with his photographic memory and can return to where he stopped with one flick of a finger. He felt a little satisfaction in knowing he has never needed to bookmark any of his readings in the last three hundred years of his eternal life. Musing on the thought, he walked gracefully across the hospital corridors, passing several doctors and nurses on his way – in the halls and while descending the stairs to the ground floor. And being the chivalrous gentleman that he was, Carlisle always nodded to them as he passed, with a careful thought to grace his lips with a friendly smile. The medical staff, being unaware of his true nature, always marveled and wondered how can the young handsome doctor always seem to remember the name of every person working in the establishment. He was always pleasant, even on gloom rain filled days – in Forks that was nearly every single day. He took on outrageous hours. Never hesitated to take holidays or night shifts. He assisted the interns. He instructed and supervised the residents and House-staff. And currently he had a fellow doctor working under his wing, and at this moment checking on his in-patients in another part of the hospital. Did they also mention that the good doctor Cullen never forgets a single staff's birthday? And always remembered to offer his best wishes. Clearly he was too good to be true. But it was always the nurses that seemed to feel extra special and bigheaded to know that the good doctor remembered their names. Especially since the 'norm' of the nurse's system was to always referred to them by their first names, unlike the doctors who were addressed by professional title then their surnames. The collective female nurses virtually swooned and giggled every time Doctor Cullen greeted them by elegantly rolling their names on the tip of his eloquent tongue, and pursing his perfect lips to pronounce every syllable. And it was always followed by an audible, dreamy sigh that Carlisle usually caught clearly with his sharp hearing as he walked passed them. The good doctor did ponder cutting the habit of his usual acknowledgment of greeting to the staff. Yet the well-mannered part of him – the part that his dearly departed human parents taught him – argued that it was immoral, unethical, and simply rude. Carlisle Cullen was never rude , not to his adversaries and certainly not to his colleagues. As he smartly reached the ground floor, one corridor stood from his destination. And Carlisle had to muster all his good will to inwardly groan, and ensure it didn't show a hint on his outwardly calm face. Because right at the end of that long vertical hall stood in his sight the double doors to the emergency wing – his destination. But the source of his chagrin was that halfway through there was another set of double doors on the left that veered and led to the X-ray section. And regrettably those double set doors were wedged wide open. What was even more vexing was the fact that he would be within range of the entrance to the x-ray wing in order for him to reach the emergency doors. Ergo He would be in visual sight of the reception desk right on the other side if he took a few steps forward, and caught by whoever was on duty during that day. And he winced when he recalled who was on duty that day. He stopped in his tracks before he reached the vicinity of the area. He knew CCTV cameras monitored the X-ray wing, yet this long hall was free and clear from any surveillance cameras. Thanking the lord for placing luck on his side, Carlisle looked behind him to make sure not a soul was around to watch what he was about to do. Then he marched casually forward. But before he passed in front of the doors to the x-ray wing, he picked up his speed and flew so fast by them, he was confident that the person on duty at the reception would never be quick to see the flicker of a blonde blur pass by. With a sure triumphant smile, Carlisle pushed the doors to the emergency room and reached the reception area in the center of the floor and the nurse behind the counter and grab the file that was placed waiting for him for the patient he was to tend. Carlisle nodded to the moderately young nurse, before making his way across the line of beds that were lining the entire wall before him. He totally missed the longing gaze the nurse shot across his backside, as she gazed upon the broad expanse of his shoulders, while subconsciously flicking her shoulder length ginger locks off her shoulders, and fanning her neck in the process. Carlisle might not have seen the act, but he clearly heard the rhythm of her pulse rapidly increasing. Trying to play ignorant to the presence behind him. The blond doctor eyed the row of neat and empty beds that was exposed to his sight. Before his eyes came to halt on the very last bed in the long line, the one with the curtains drawn all the way to shield the occupant from the entire room, creating a protective space between her and the rest of the world. He didn't even need to look at the name on the file. He could give a perfect guess as to whom it was behind that foam green sterile plastic drapes. This time he smiled. But not the subtle smirk Carlisle allowed himself privately. He smiled a true, wide, and genuine smile that showed his entire set of pearly perfect razor teeth. That would probably intimidate the average human with their sharp display. But no – this particular girl was not like the average human. " Miss Swan . Welcome back." Carlisle joked. Instantly dropping the aura of profession around him to adapt to a friendlier atmosphere towards the young girl. "Hello Doctor Cullen ." Bella greeted, a light tint on the apples of her cheeks. Her tone was more clipped and formal. But the arch of her brow was all sarcasm. Carlisle offered her a wider smile; one he wouldn't dare show to acquaintances but for this little brunette it was all well and good. "Now now, Bella, didn't I tell you to call me Carlisle?" "But you're at work." Carlisle nodded. "Yes," He looked behind him at the relatively empty emergency room, apart from him and Bella, and the nurse stationed by the desk at the far center of the room. "I'm knee deep in work as you can see, the hospital doesn't reward me enough. Do you think I should ask for a raise?" He gestured to the room for sarcastic emphasize, and a wounded look on his face. Bella lightly giggled. "You have a point, Carlisle ." "Well that wasn't too hard, was it?" Bella's blush deepened a shade. And Carlisle immediately took notice, he cleared his throat, a human habit he assumed when he wished to initiate a different topic. "Now how may I offer my medical services?" "I slipped and fell on my ankle. I may have twisted it." Bella answered with a hesitant and mumbled tone. Carlisle quietly shook his head at the clumsiness of the young girl, and reached behind him to drag the small stool closer to the bed. "Let me have a look." He sat on the chair while he patiently waited for Bella to remove her shoe and sock and place them on the bed beside her, before tentatively offering her foot to the good doctor. Carlisle reached out to cradle her injured foot in his hands, and lightly laughed when Bella twitched at the cold temperature of his skin sliding against her warm ankle. "Sorry." Carlisle warily offered with a slight tug to his lips. Shrugging his shoulders innocently. "Its alright. I should be used to it by now, but it still takes me by surprise sometimes." "And I cannot tell you how I appreciate your normalcy with us. You have been nothing but warm and welcoming to my family. Alice is practically over the moon about you." He said, his olden British accent giving away to his true heritage. "I should be the one who is grateful. I mean … I am grateful. More than you know." She took to playing nervously with the hem of her sweater than meeting the amused gaze of the vampire sitting in front of her. They momentarily fell into a comfortable silence as Carlisle examined Bella's ankle. And he felt her gaze linger over his head. "It is not seriously sprained," He finally declared. "You may have twisted it lightly. I can feel the swelling begin, and it will follow with light bruising in a few hours. I will need to bind it. And you need to promise me you will keep yourself off your feet for the next few days." He explained in his brisk professional tone. He lifted his eyes to look at the timid, silent girl. "Promise me?" He pressed again and rose from the low stool "I promise." Bella huffed, blowing her fringe across her forehead. Carlisle momentarily engrossed himself at her slight innocent frustration. "The cold weather will not be to kind on your ankle as well.