All Characters of Twilight respectfully belong to Stephanie Meyer. Unless stated otherwise. This is a non-profit story. No copyrights infringements intended. Plot and so on belongs to me. Enjoy~ It takes a resilient mind and a strong heart to accept the truth – That humans aren't the only intelligent and superior creatures existing in this world. That there was a much more greater level in the predatory chain, too high for humans to grasp and so well hidden from our mere eyes to see. Even as they walked among us, undetected – coy, beautiful and dangerous. If a human was lucky enough to discover one of them, they wont live to tell a soul. If only I knew of the risks back then. But the mere thought of such a discovery was too enthralling to dismiss. This is what Edward was to me. This mysterious enigma that waited for my impatient fingers to slowly unravel. It was a challenge. And Edward all but beckoned me to take action. At first he appeared to shun my curiosity, but later my prying piqued his interest and I dare not disappoint. Not only would I gain the answer to satisfy my hunt for the truth. But I craved the acceptance to be seen for more than just a mere nobody, average and ordinary, nothing worthy enough to be spared a second glance. I was getting too tired of sinking in an abyss when the air smelled so much sweeter beyond the surface. And I felt it would lead me to a place where I truly belonged. I just needed to get my hands on the truth. I swear I was so close I could almost taste the answer on the tip of my tongue. A series of strange dreams served as premonitions that illuminated a few hints into not just Edward's true nature, but also the entire Cullen family's mysterious shared traits. And I was a fool to even think that it only limited them to their physical appearance. In a twisted way, I was ironically grateful I was nearly crushed by that van, otherwise Edward wouldn't have shown me the most amazing phenomena in existence. Now I would like to first say that I am not stubborn, not by any means. I mostly lived an introverted lifestyle, where I just let things be and allowed the days to blur away together in a series of memories I would not even be bothered to recall when I became much older. And even though people in my youthful age still clung to the ideals and ambitious to achieve their heart's content. I on the other hand adapted a mentality of a semi middle-aged woman, except in my case I gave up before I even tried. And I just agreed with people for the sake of agreeing because I wanted everyone around me to be pleased and dismissive of me. Some people would have me classified as a doormat, but I whole-heartedly disagree. I just live a simple life; I hated attention, despised sticking my foot in people's business, and disliked any sort of confrontation. But when a boy that looked too good to be true and behaved in a way no other human should, and felt as cold as ice and stopped vans with just one hand, stumbled into my life, I ask you; what would you do in my situation? It wasn't so much as stubbornness that propelled me but more along the lines of motivation. I just needed a day or two to figure it out. But with all things that were most unfortunate in my life. The inevitable of being depraved what I yearned to seek was pulled further from my reaches when my dad received an invitation from an old friend that wished to get reacquainted with him. Far be it from me to stand in the way of Charlie reconnecting with a long lost friend of his. But being pulled along for the journey was the last thing I anticipated to happen. Especially from my odd yet predictably recluse father that shied away from any attempt to be trapped in the same space with me for more than a few hours. But in that aspect I took more after him. And solitude was my second favorite companion beside my books. In hindsight that was probably the lesser of my worries. Because Charlie could not travel all the way to Europe and leave his only daughter behind to ' fend for herself ' and like a heavy burden that I felt I was to my father, he dragged me on his journey with him. And when Edward knew of my plans for mid-year's vacation, to my disappointment he looked slightly relieved that I wouldn't be probing him for answers. Although at the same time he looked devastated at the news of my short absence. But maybe I was just deluding myself into believing that somehow I became endeared to him. That is until he made me promise to keep in touch, and how could I say no when he flashed me that dazzling crooked smile. We were traveling in the heart of Romania. Our plane landed in Bucharest and the rest of the journey was by a rental car as we continued north where Charlie's ' friend ' owned a home on the countryside. I couldn't stress how much of an understatement Romania considered its own country region to be, as it was less of the open field type and more of the thick wooded area type. The kind you do not want to get lost in due to the slim prospect of coming out the other end in pristine condition. Just by the look of them you can tell they were infested with dangerous animals than our own woods back in Forks. So the odds of me taking a stroll were zero to none if the scenery that enveloped the narrow road we drove on didn't thin down some of the dark cluster of trees. I'd wager if I walked into them for at least a yard or so, I might not spot the road within my vision. Who in their right mind would live in a place like this? Even the weather suffered a serious depression. Though Forks had the miracle of a sunny day every few weeks, I don't think this side of the world had seen the sun in many months! I slumped in my own little bubble of misery as I watched the world blur by in nothing but trees, and trees, and even more trees. I reached inside my jacket pocket for my cell phone and groaned aloud what last remnants of frustration I felt. No service signal. The gruff sound of a throat being cleared from the driver's side was a sign for my demanded attention. I looked to my right at the source; because the European automobile system had the driver situated at the right side of the vehicle, and met the frowned gaze of my disapproving father. "You're not going to need that." Charlie stated firmly while eyeing my iPhone. "But Dad …" "I wont have you sitting through this entire ride with your face slumped in front of your phone. Do you know how much the texting bill costs on international numbers?" I puffed my cheek at his presumptions. "Maybe you should have also gotten me a pre-paid number when we stopped for gas." "No." His answer was out before I had a chance to blink. "Da~d …" I whined. Charlie could really bring the immature out of me even though I had more responsibilities to wash and cook for him at the house than he had living by himself. As he was busy taking care of our town, apparently he didn't have time to take care of himself. That's where I came in. Charlie sighed in his own fashion of a rebuttal. "We only needed one and we are only using it for emergencies." He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel before he added. "Besides, this is suppose to be a holiday, right? Technology will only get in the way." If Charlie weren't focusing on the road then he would have seen the sarcastic deadpan expression on my face, because the irony of such a comment coming from someone who was glued to his TV watching the sports channel wasn't lost on me. Suddenly a metaphorical light bulb flashed above my head. "Mom would have strongly agreed on me having a phone." For the first time, Charlie offered me a slight smirk that just looked weird on his constant poker face. "I spoke to your mother before we left." He turned his eyes back to the road but the smirk never left his face. "You were outvoted, kid. Sorry." "But Dad, did I really have to be here?" I might have been able to rephrase it better, but no amount of interpretation could disguise the irritation in my tone. "Sweetie, I won't have you staying home alone during the entire week. It's not safe and I should know, I'm the chief." "He's your friend. What am I going to be doing for a whole week ?" "I told you, he has a niece around your age. I'm sure both of you are going to get along just fine." Like a menacing dead gaze of an owl, I slowly turned my head to face my father. "You said on the plane that she was my age, not around my age." I worded cautiously. "Well …. She is a teenager. " he stated emphatically. But I narrowed my eyes because even though he wasn't looking at me, I can tell my intense staring was figuratively burning the visible side of his face. "What range in teen years are we even talking about?" He attempted to mutter his answer and hope I wouldn't hear him. But he didn't do a very good job. " Mmmhf-fourteen-hmm " For the entire five minutes that I sat staring a hole through Charlie's skull he never, not even once, dared to meet my gaze. When I deemed the silence sufficient enough, then I spoke. "You can't just assume we will instantly become best friends for the sole reason that we are teenagers! That's not how teenage girls function you know?" "Bells, stop being so sour." Charlie chastised. I looked straight ahead and rubbed my forehead vigorously. "I can't believe your doing this to me." "You could at least try." I could hear a slight tint of sympathy in my dad's voice. I peered at Charlie from the corner of my eye. "I could have been fine if I stayed over at Jake's house, or have him stay over." His mood immediately shifted from placating to annoyance almost instantly. "Bella as much as I like Jacob like my own son, he is still a teenage boy running on wild hormones." Charlie peered at me for a few seconds before he focused on the road again. "And I see the way he looks at you." He added almost like an after thought. "Dad .. Ew ... No.." I muttered dejectedly. "So you say," "Jake is like a brother to me!" "But that's not how he sees it, Bells. That boy has always been smitten with you." "Now your talking crazy." I sighed. I straighten in my seat feeling the kink in my lower back from sitting in the car for an oddly long time. I looked around, and pretty much the view was still the same. And it was getting even darker. As what light was casting through the sky and getting muddled by the heavy blanket of clouds was slowly setting to mark the nearing end of the day. "Are you sure we are not lost? We have been driving for hours." I spoke with worry as I looked around, trying to hide my frantic anxiety. There were no buildings or any sign of suburban life