Chapter 36 Bella I already arranged with Sam that puppies presents would go first, but that Embry would open his after that. It's kind of for everyone, and I didn't want to upstage other presents after they'd been given. Only Sam and the elders know what's up. I love watching how kind everyone is when they get presents. Shouts of "This is awesome, man! Thanks!" There are hugs and fistbumps. Everybody looking happy at both the giving and the receiving. I love this so much. Embry drops his arm around me and pulls me up on his lap. "Is this okay?" he whispers into my ear. His breath tickles a little, but in a delicious way that sends tingles down my spine. I nod and lean all the way back into him. Every part of the back of my body in contact with his body. His warmth seeps into my skin and I shiver in delight. I hadn't even realized how cold I was. Am. I'm still always cold without out a wolf nearby. My wolf especially. I can feel my body relax and melt into him. "Don't fall asleep, Bella!" Jake calls from the other side of the small room. "You haven't given Embry his present yet!" "Maybe we're not allowed to see what's in there," Quil says, waggling his eyebrows. I feel Embry chuckle softly behind me. "Damn," I say with pretend concern. "I knew I shouldn't have brought the present with handcuffs here." At least 6 of the wolves snort or sputter at this, but before anyone can comment, Sam steps in with his pack leader voice. "Bella, why don't you go ahead." I suddenly feel a little icy ball of nerves lodge in my stomach. What if this isn't what they want? No. Sam thought they'd want it, too. I leave the warmth and comfort of my love's lap feeling a little shy. "Um. Ok. So, Embry. This is for you. But it's kind of for all of you, too." I hand Embry the box and hope for the best. Embry Bella is chewing on her lip again when I take the beautifully wrapped package from her. She's nervous about this and I don't know why. She must know that I'll love anything she gives me. Hell, I don't even need a present. I have her. This whole Christmas season has been better than anything I've ever had just because of her. She takes care of people. Not just me. But everyone. She takes care in little ways. So I will gratefully take her present, but I don't ever need anything else from her. I notice her fidgeting with her hands and biting her lip. I can smell her anxiety. Geesh. What's in this box? I flick my eyes over to the puppies who seem to have focused their attention on her in concern. I whisper, "Go to her", so softly that only the other wolves can hear what I've said. And in a flash, those kids are across the room and surrounding her in a flurry of hugs. "Bella, thank you so much for the game! It's sick! Will you try playing with me? Pleeeeease!" Collin begs while picking her up in a hug. "Forget it, loser! She's gonna play against me first!" Brady says pulling her over to him. "Please, please, please! I won't even make you bring snacks!" Seth is just starting in on her when she bursts into giggles. "You guys! Put me down! I want to see Embry open his present!" They put her down and Seth winks at me. She's smiling and flushed and happy again. I rip the paper off as Quil says, "I wanna see those cuffs, Em! Are they the fuzzy kind?" It's a small cardboard box which I open and see only a stack of papers. I'm not sure what I'm looking at, so I glance at Bella who is back at her lip. I quickly lift them from the box and begin to look over them. They look like… "College applications?" I ask. I don't understand. I can't go to school. What is this? If it were anyone other than her, I'd call it cruel. "Sam?" Bella calls out. She sounds a little desperate. "Those aren't handcuffs," Quil complains. "Shut up, Quil," Sam barks. "Embry, those are for you. And for any of the rest of us who are old enough and want to go. Bella brought the idea of how the California pack does it to me and forced me to take it to the council. It took a few weeks, but they eventually agreed. There are some stipulations. You have to be within 4 hours of home. You'll come home and patrol one weekend a month and your breaks if you're living away. The guys who are still living here will get more regular patrols, but lighter. It's not just for college either. If any of you want to go to a trade school or something like that, you're free to pursue that, too." "I can go to college?" I say, and drop my head down when my voice cracks a little with emotion. This changes everything. Everyone is talking and yelling at once. "Embry?" I hear Bella whisper as she touches my shoulder. "Hey, are you okay?" I'm going to cry. I scoop up the papers and grab her hand. "Can we go? I mean. I don't want to force you, but I need to go." She looks worried, "Of course! Let me just get my coat. You go. I'll meet you outside by my truck." She pushes me out while everyone is still talking. Bella Dammit! I don't know if he's okay or not. He seems dazed. The rest of the pack seems excited, though. So that's something. I hug Emily and thank her for hosting and let her know where I'm going. She nods in understanding. "Hey," she says, "Love you, girl. Sam is so excited about this, too. Thanks for pushing it." I hug her again. "Love you, too." I go out the back door and into the frosty night air. The damp chill seeps right back into my bones. I shudder for a moment. I still can't completely disassociate cold with the Cullens. So the smell of winter kind of messes with me still. I try to shake it off then I lightly jog around to the front of the house where my truck is. Embry is there. I relax a little and slow down. Crap. His shoulders are hunched and hands in fists at his side. And he feels...upset. Oh, Dear God. Is he going to tell me to go away? Does he hate me? I don't understand. I'm filled with the icy dread I once felt right before the Cullens left. "Embry?" I say softly, but my voice still cracks a little. Embry I knew she was there, but it's not until I hear her voice sound so small and broken that I turn sharply to her. Shit! She's as white as a bloodsucker and looks like she's about to fall over. I rush to her and grab her up in my arms. "Bella, what's wrong?" I'm touching her everywhere, but I can't find anywhere that might be hurt. I feel her take a big breath. "You're not leaving?" she asks. "Leaving? Bella, what the actual hell are you talking about?" "You looked so mad. So resolute. So… I mean… you looked like… It just reminded me of…," she stops and looks down at her feet. "I'm sorry," she whispers. A part of me wants to get mad at her for even suggesting that I'm anything like that vamp, but I can feel her right now. I scared her bad. I'm never supposed to be the one that scares her. I draw her close more tenderly this time. She's a little rigid against me for a few moments before I feel her arms come around me. "Bella, I didn't want to cry in front of everyone. That's all. You gave me what I've always wanted. I...It was just a lot. This year has been a lot of getting everything I've wanted after a lot of years of having nothing. Knowing about my Dad, knowing who my family is, getting to love you, finding out that we're really meant to be together, and now this. It was just more than I was prepared for." "So, you're happy?" Bella asks sounding better. "YES!" I laugh and roll my eyes at her. "Good. Did you look at all the papers?" she asks "Oh. Um...no. Sorry, I'll…" "No," she cuts me off. "My Dad's working tonight. Let's go back to my house for a while, ok? You can look there." "Ok," I say and pick her up in my arms and carry her to the door of her truck. "I love it when you get bossy with me," I say and kiss her once before closing the door. Bella We drive for a couple of minutes in quiet. His eyes are bright and he's clearly thinking. I recognize the "in my head" look well enough from it being one of my own personal looks in most pictures as a kid. "I know I couldn't afford it anyway, but I wish I could go to school closer to you, but still this whole thing is awesome, Bella!" he suddenly blurts out. "It's probably too late to apply to most schools other than community colleges for the fall, but you could probably start winter semester," I say. He nods and is back in his head again, but his hand is holding onto my leg as I drive. Almost to tether himself here. We pull up in front of the house and climb out of the truck. Embry doesn't carry me here. He's good at code-switching. He gets very articulate, respectful, and polite when we're in town. On the rez, he's much more relaxed. I feel bad that he has to feel a little on edge here, but at least he doesn't have to worry about the cops in this town. The guys have told me horror stories about cops and Natives in other towns. We reach the front porch and I unlock the door. As soon as we get into the living room, Embry starts turning on lights and sits on the couch to start looking at the papers more closely. I smile. His enthusiasm is genuine. I text my Dad to let him know where I am and that Embry is with me. Whenever I do this, he is EXTRA loud when he gets home. Stomping up the stairs after slamming his cruiser door hard just so he doesn't interrupt anything. It makes me giggle. "Bella?" I look up to see Embry staring at one piece of paper. He found it. "This is an acceptance letter." "Yup," I say, trying to sound nonchalant. "For you." "Yes." "To transfer to UW," he says incredulously. "That's right." He puts down the paper slowly and looks at it for another minute. "But, Bella, why would you leave Berkeley? It's a great school!" "Because my heart isn't there." I hold my hand up to him before he interrupts, "Other than Victor and Alex, (okay, and Renee) everyone I love is right here, Embry. I can get a good education for a lot less money here in Washington. Going to California was a knee-jerk reaction. I mean, yeah, it IS a great school, but I applied when I thought I wouldn't be able to stand the memories of this place." "And now?" he asks. "I still have sad and scary memories here, but I have so many that are full of love and joy and fun and friendship and laughter. And shouldn't home have a little bit of that? Embry, we've proved that mates don't have to be joined at the hip, but I don't want to be so far from you. Even if we could