Disclaimer: just enjoying playing with SM's world. No copyright infringement to see here! A/N: This is what happened when I sat down last night to edit the next chapters of my multi-chapter story "Write Myself to You". I would apologize, but I'm not that sorry since this was so much fun to write! :) Enjoy! Quil and Embry were walking along the beach when they realized that the two people asleep on the blanket they'd been able to see from a distance were in fact one Jacob Black and the infamous girl he'd been talking about non-stop since she first brought him some motorcycles. Bella Swan. He'd been moaning about her for months now and still wouldn't let his friends come hang out with him after school because "Bella might stop by". What ever happened to bros before hoes? Okay, he had let them come over once to meet her. And she invited them for pizza another time when they just happened to stop by, but Jacob spent so much time trying to shoot them with laser beams from his eyes that they finally gave up and left, so they still barely knew the girl. Still, she bought them pizza, so she couldn't be all bad. "You realize this is too good an opportunity to let pass, right?" Quil quietly said to Embry. "Oh, yeah," Embry smiled, slowly. "You sure that's her?" "How many white girls do you think he's got on the line, dude?" "It looks more to me like she's got him on the line," Embry said. "Maybe we could help him out a little," Quil said thoughtfully. "Yeah? What'd you have in mind?" "They both have such pretty hair, don't they?" Quil said. "Uh- I guess. Where are you going with this, man?" "Well, Jake's a pretty sound sleeper. I don't know about Bella, but I guess we'll find out. Here's what I'm thinking." After a moment of explanation, Embry was all in. No girl should be stringing along their boy and if he needed a little help from his friends, they were going to give it. Hopefully, this would help. Because if not, Jake might actually kill them. Embry liked Quil's idea a lot. But he believed he had something even better to add that would really move things along one way or another. Thanks to his own long hair, Embry was an excellent braider. And he was stealthier than his other friends. So it was he who crept slowly up to the blanket where Jake was asleep flat on his back with his mouth slightly open and breathing loudly. Ugh. How was the tiny girl next to him sleeping through that? Embry got good look at Bella Swan. It was weird that he'd barely seen her since he felt like he knew every damn thing about her thanks to Jacob Black's obsession. She looked all right, he supposed. She was a little too skinny for his tastes, but that certainly wasn't a deal breaker. She was curled into Jake's body. Her head was on his shoulder and her hand, which on a normal person would rest gently, was gripping the front of Jake's shirt like she was making sure Jake couldn't get away even if he wanted to. Maybe this thing wasn't as one sided as they'd thought. Neither one of them moved even as he was right up next to them. The next part would be trickier. He looked up at Quil, who gave him a thumbs up sign to let him know there was nobody else approaching. Embry was glad for the crash of the waves and the light wind to help cover up any sounds he made. A few minutes later he and Quil managed to get into the nearby forest before bursting into laughter. "This is gonna be epic!" Quil said through snorting laughter. "How'd you get him to roll her over him to the other side?" Embry shrugged. "I just used the hair and tickled that side of his face. His arm was around her, so if he turned, I was pretty sure he was going to take her along, too." Quil held his hand up for a high five. "You are an evil genius, bro, and I totally want you on my side just in case of any future zombie apocalypse." "You know I hate zombies, dude. I will absolutely be your guy for any other mythical monster. But no way am I getting involved if it's zombies." "What's your deal with zombies?" Quil asked. And thus began a debate about the pros and cons of all mythical creatures that made the two boys almost forget about what they were trying to spy on the beach until they heard first one cry and then another deeper one. Bella woke up to find herself completely wrapped up in Jacob's arms. She blushed and tried to slowly separate from him without waking him up. She knew full well he had a crush and didn't really want to encourage it. It was tricky. She didn't feel empty anymore. Well, not like she had right after they left. But she still didn't feel like she had anything to give. Especially to Jacob Black who deserved only the most wonderful things in life. She wanted those things for him, but she also could admit that she was really selfish and didn't actually want to share her Jake with anyone else. She was almost all the way back on to the blanket when something pulled her hair and Jake woke up with a yell. "Ouch!" he yelped as she said the same thing. Jacob didn't wake up well. Ever. He always started out disoriented, a fact that his older sisters took advantage of when they were still living at home. "Bells!" he sighed contentedly and wrapped his long arms back around her and pulled her close. She froze until she realized he wasn't really awake. He took a deep breath in and Bella could feel him settling back into sleep. She really should wake him up, she thought, but being wrapped up like this felt so nice. He was so warm...and the sound of his heartbeat...and the lovely color of his skin...and the warmth and love she could always see in his big brown eyes…. Now it was her turn to sigh a little. Surely pretending that this was all okay for a moment wouldn't hurt anyone, right? They were both startled again a few minutes later by the ringing of Jake's cell phone. Jacob's first reaction with his eyes still closed was to reach down to his pocket where he kept his phone, but there was a warm and pleasant weight on top of him. And he couldn't feel where his pocket was. There was something in the way. "Jake, you better watch where your hands are roving right now," he heard a voice say. Was he still dreaming? He didn't want to wake up if he was because that sounded like Bella's voice. He loved dreaming about Bella. She was always so much happier in his dreams than in real life. He knew he could fix her and get her back to that happy self. He just needed more time. "Jake?" he heard again and sighed back in return, "Bella". This was a great dream. Her voice sounded so close. "Um-Jacob? You need to wake up!" "Don't wanna wake up!" he squeezed his eyes tighter and tried to roll over onto his stomach. It was the squeal of surprise, and the jolt of pain that finally woke him up. "Jake, I can't breathe!" Bella gasped from underneath him. "Bells? Oh! Sorry!" he tried to clamber off of her, though honestly he wish he'd been more conscious of her pinned underneath him. Also, the look on her face while she was there wasn't quite what he'd imagined she'd look like writhing beneath him in his dreams. Then again, he had been suffocating her with his weight. If he'd actually been awake, he definitely would have done that better. "No! Don't!" Bella yelled, and grabbed his arms to pull him back. Jacob was so confused. What had gotten into her? She wanted him to be close to her? But then he felt the ripping feeling on his head. "Ouch!" he yelped again as she hissed. "Yes, ouch," she said drily. She carefully wiggled out from under him so they were lying very closely next to one another on the blanket. "Bells, what's going on?" Jacob asked still not entirely sure he was awake. Bella was so close; her face just inches from his. Her eyes were so beautiful up close like this. The blush on her cheeks was so lovely. Wait. Why was she blushing? Jacob Black did not wake up well. He was confused by the facts that were quite literally right in front of his face. "I think our hair is tangled together somehow," she said, grimacing a little. "What? How?" he asked as he started trying to move his head to see his hair better. "Careful!" she warned as he moved too fast causing them both to yelp in pain again. "Sorry, Bells!" he said. And then he saw them. Dozens of small braids connecting them together. Someone had come along and braided his and Bella's hair together. Who would do that?! And why? And then he saw the way the end of one of the braids was finished off. Embry Call. He was the only one Jake knew of who had long hair but never used an elastic or leather piece to hold his braid. He said his grandfather had taught him a technique to use just the hair to tie it in place, which took a little longer but stayed in way better. Jake also remembered now that he'd mentioned it was really hard to get out if you didn't know the trick to it. Embry showed them how he only had to tug on one little piece of hair and it would all come undone, but Jake hadn't really paid close attention at the time. He was content to always have an elastic in his pocket or just leave his hair loose. Especially once he realized that Bella seemed to really like his hair. "I'm so sorry, Bella. But I'm pretty sure we got pranked by my friends." Her eyes looked stormy for a moment and then she started to giggle quietly. Jake beamed. He never knew what to expect with Bella, but laughter was a good sign. "You're not mad?" he asked, still a little worried. "Oh, I'm going to slap them. But I'm not mad at you, Jake." And then she hugged him. Jacob was quickly rethought being mad at his friends and instead considered sending a thank you note. After a moment, she lifted up her head and reached for one of the braids to begin undoing it. "How did they do this?" Bella complained as she struggled. As frustrating as it was, it didn't stop her from noticing how silky Jacob's hair was in comparison to hers. Jacob explained Embry's braiding trick, but while he was talking, he noticed how lovely Bella Swan's eyelashes were, especially when she blinked her eyes and they brushed his cheek. "Why don't we call him?" Bella suggested. "I'm an idiot. Of course, Bells!" and he reached down to his front pocket. The missed call had been from Quil, apparently. Bella's face being mere inches from his didn't help his deductive reasoning. At all. He loved the feel of her breath on him. People didn't stand close enough to breathe on one another normally, so the fact that he could feel her little exhalations on his cheek made him wonder at the intimacy of such a small thing. She, meanwhile, was noticing how tall Jacob had gotten lately. And so warm. And he definitely had muscles under his shirt that hadn't been there when she had first moved back a