Harry Potter and all associated characters are the property of JK Rowling. This story belongs to MinaandChao. I make no claim to ownership. Chapter 1 : No Man's Land Harry Potter, almost twelve years old, was not an ordinary boy. Not by any means. In fact, Harry Potter was rather extraordinary. He was a wizard. Of course, his aunt and uncle, whom he lived with, didn't like that he was a wizard. They abhorred it. Feared it. In the time he had been back at Number Four Privet Drive, Harry had returned to his role of serving and whipping boy to the only family he had left. He was supposed to have left after only a week, but slowly as the days slipped on and June ended, and the middle of July crept up upon him, Harry had given up on the chances of reconnecting with his friend Draco Malfoy. His friend had likely forgotten him, as most people had. Dismissed his differences as unimportant and logged his face away in the back of their mind as a memory. "Up!" His Aunt Pentunia commanded on the other side of his bedroom door. He heard her unlock the padlocks on his door and she smacked the door, hard. She had likely hit it with her wooden spoon as a final warning before the sound of her slippers retreated. Harry climbed off of his bed and looked around his dingy bedroom. His only companion in the room was his snowy owl, Hedwig. Even she was caged like him. His Uncle Vernon had locked her into her cage. Harry was sure if he could have, Vernon would have done the same with him. Harry stood up, stretching his arms towards the ceiling with a sigh and a yawn, before he pulled on a clean shirt that had once belonged to his cousin Dudley. Dudley was the size of a small elephant, and all of his clothes hung off of Harry like a ghost. Harry's aunt and uncle refused to buy him his own clothing. Harry climbed down the stairs, leaping to avoid the last, bottom step which squeaked horribly and landed at the bottom of the stairs silently. He made his way into the kitchen, where his aunt was pruning her indoor roses. Harry silently made his way over to the stove. A full packet of bacon was frying in the skillet along with half a loaf of bread that was toasting in the oven. Harry went to work and beat the large mixing bowl full of eggs and milk vigorously before he poured them into an empty frying pan. He prodded at the eggs, scrambling them up, and laid out three plates. Two of them were piled high with bacon, eggs, toast, beans and chips, and the last one was filled with sliced tomatoes, eggs and toast. Harry laid the plates in their usual spots at the small, round table and poured his uncle a cup of coffee, before brewing English Breakfast for his aunt and pulling out orange juice for Dudley. He washed the dishes silently while they ate, moving quickly whenever ordered for more toast, or more chips and bacon (which were being kept warm in the oven). He washed and dried the dishes, but didn't dare put them back into the cupboards, if he put even a single up in the wrong place it would be hell to pay. "You get one slice of toast, boy. Eat quickly!" "Yes, Aunt Petunia." Harry quickly spread jam over his toast and ate it over the sink, ignoring the way his uncle snorted in disgust or the way Petunia's lip curled. He would rather have their disapproving looks than their lashes for touching the clean dishes with his sticky hands. He watched while Dudley left to go over to his friend Piers Polkiss' house. Harry wondered what Dudley did there. Perhaps terrorize the children closer to Piers' house. Uncle Vernon kissed Aunt Petunia on the cheek and lumbered out of the house to go to work. Harry's uncle worked at a very large company that made drills. Harry watched as they left, standing rather uselessly in the middle of the kitchen, unsure of what to do. Finally his Aunt Petunia snapped at him to stop gawking and go outside and tend to the garden. Harry bustled outside, where the screen door was slammed shut behind him. He set to work quickly. Harry mowed the lawn, trimmed the hedges, weeded the garden, washed down the stones, re-potted the rose bushes (without gloves, mind you, thorns pricked terribly), added mulch to the flower beds, washed down the park, and washed Petunia's car. By the time Harry staggered his way in at half past one he was utterly exhausted. He was aching all over and dripping with sweat. "Look at this! You've tracked mud all over the tile! Take off those shoes and put them outside now," Petunia barked. Harry did as he was told. "Go wash up, you stink terribly. Once you're done you're going to clean up the mess you've made." "Yes, Aunt Petunia." Harry trudged up the stairs towards the second floor with heavily hunched shoulders. He washed up quickly and changed his clothing. Once that was done he began to clean the inside of the house. The only room he was never to touch was the telly room. Both of the glass doors leading into said room were shut firmly and through the panes Harry could see his aunt sitting on the sofa watching her shows. Harry dragged the mats outside and whipped them with the old rug beater his aunt kept in the cupboard by the door. He left them hanging on the line in the back to air while he swept out the kitchen, hallways, and front hall. He paused outside of the small cupboard under the stairs where all of his school things were locked up. Oh how Harry wished he could 'alohamora' the lock and gather his things and run away. It was strange, looking at it now. How tiny it seemed. Harry wondered, as he stared at the latched door. How he had spent eleven years of his life secluded in such a small, cramped place. Harry had liked the cupboard, however. It was his solace from the Dursley's. There were times, even now, when Harry wished to crawl inside the space, shut the door and disappear. Be forgotten. "Quicker!" Harry scrambled quick as he could into the kitchen. Petunia was standing there, and beside her slippered feet was a pail filled with steaming, bubble-infested water, and a brush. She likely had taken a break from her shows to order him about. Harry nodded to her wordlessly, his eyes plastered to the floor in subservience. He didn't dare look at her face when she was in such a mood. She made a quiet 'hmph' noise and rounded on her heels to stalk out of the room. When she closed the door to the telly room it was with a force that shook the walls. Harry dragged the heavy bucket to the furthest corner of the room before crossing to the cupboard under the sink and pulled out a think, long rag. He returned to the corner and laid out the rag in a small rectangle before kneeling on it. It did nothing to cushion his knees from the hard floor and it would do nothing to protect his pants or his skin from the hot water and the chemicals within the bucket, rather the swatch of fabric dried the floor as he scooted along on his knees. Dunking his brush into the water, Harry clenched his teeth at the shock of the hot water. He pulled the brush out and let it drip into the water before leaning forward so he could scrub hard at the tile. Once he finished a square in front of him, Harry nudged the pail forward with the top of his head, knowing that if he used a hand he would drip over the tile, or waste time. He pulled the rag forward in a sort of half circle with his knees before moving onto the next patch of floor. This continued for well over an hour, almost into two. Harry worked his way through the kitchen methodically, into the hallway, down the hallway, around the base of the stairs and finally into the front hall. He stood, giving a tiny wince as his back protested when he moved too fast. His shoulders and stomach muscles ached terribly and he poured the dirty water down the gutter out front. He stored everything in the proper place before retrieving the rugs for the front hall, back door, and hallway from the back yard and laid them down carefully. Harry was running his reddened, cracked hands under cold water when Dudley thundered into the house and rampaged his way into the telly room to watch a movie with Piers. Petunia entered the kitchen and observed his work. She snapped out a few places he had missed before ordering him up to his room. Harry scrambled up the stairs and shut his door just in time to hear his uncle return home. He listened to the family bustle about below him as he stretched out on his bed. He turned his eyes to the calendar on his wall and smiled at the red circle around July 31st. His birthday was coming up soon. Just a little while longer... "Boy!" Harry scrambled up on his bed and sat stalk-straight. His uncle pushed the door open and stood in the frame, occupying it with his large size. Vernon stared at him from under his hard, large eyebrows with his beady, sharp eyes and Harry kept his eyes dutifully on the floor. "We are going out to eat. You are to remain on that bed until we return. You are to be quiet and as non-existent as possible. Clear?" Harry nodded his head before jerking forward on the bed when he was cuffed hard on the back of the neck. He didn't raise a hand to rub at the pain or cry out. "Yes, Uncle Vernon." The walrus-like man left the room. Harry stretched back out on the bed as he listened to two padlocks slide into place. The sound of retreating footsteps resounded in the hall before long he heard the front door open and close. Harry rolled off of the bed and moved to his wardrobe. He braced his weight against it and pushed as hard as he could, bearing his weight down on his feet. Finally the large mess of wood scraped along the wood floor, one inch, then two. Harry slid to his knees and pulled up the loose floorboard with a smile. The time he had spent alone in the house had given him time to explore his room. He had found the loose floorboard one afternoon when everyone had gone to the cinema. Not long after, during the one time during the night when his door was unlocked, Harry would fill the pockets of his sleep trousers with things he had stashed in the bathroom behind the toilet tank. It usually didn't add up to much - a few crackers or some sweets. However, once when his Aunt Petunia had gone to the Post Office she had left his door unlocked by accident and Harry had managed to unlock the cupboard under the stairs and sneak out one of his Hogwarts books. Harry hadn't counted his luck when he had snatched up the book - Magical Drafts and Potions - one of the textbooks to his favourite class. Harry had enjoyed Potions thanks to Professor Snape. He had pushed Harry to learn, did nothing to favour him, and taught him tricks to remember things. If there was any class Harry hadn't wanted to fall behind on during the summer, it was Potions. He had disappointed Professor Snape once and had regretted