Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter . This work is merely for leisure and not for any profit whatsoever. Summary: Seldom are things always as they seem. Ideas and spin-offs from the Stars in the Silence timeline. Part 1: Seven is a powerful number. It just so happens that Walburga has seven memories that are unforgettable. A/N: If you haven't read SITS yet, you may want to check it out. But you don't need to know that story for this chapter, since it's Walburga-centric and still canon compliant, except for the last bit where there's a mention of Aquila. Secrets of the Stars The Lady Black . Walburga's life has been memorable. Being a witch and a daughter of the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black practically ensured that it was so. Still, there have been memories that stood out amongst the rest. Memories that refuse to be forgotten, that refuse to fade away. Seven of them, in fact. . The first of which is when she is five. It is summer time; and her parents have invited her extended family for dinner. The little girl is excited; she got to dress in a pretty robe of purples and silver and she'd be meeting her extended family for the first time. Walburga had never met anyone other than Mother, Father and her siblings Marius and Dorea. When she asked why, Mother became sad and told her that 'it wasn't time; she wasn't ready for it.' Walburga didn't understand why, so she asked Father. When she did, Father became sad, and angry too (though he was never angry at her , Father explained that he was angry at someone else. "Never you, Walburga," Father murmured the first time she asked. The memory's hazy, but Walburga remembered the feeling of fear being replaced by warmth.) There was another emotion in their eyes as well, one that Walburga couldn't identify. But her parents were sad when she asked that, so she never asks again, deciding that she has 'Rius and 'Rea. Even if they treat her a bit differently than they did each other, they were always nice to her. Now though, she'd finally get to meet other Blacks! Mother had said that she has two cousins around her age, and that there were others who were about ten years older than her. Mother told her to get along with them; that she'd be spending much more time with them after the party. Walburga had been so excited at the news; she almost missed the unshed tears in Mother's eyes. She tentatively asks why Mother was crying. Mother has never cried before. Mother was much too pretty to cry, Walburga says as she hugs Mother. Mother gives a few sniffles and pats her head. "Walburga, dearest, you're growing up. A-and," her voice hitches slightly, "You'll learn that the world isn't nice, it isn't kind. But you are a Black, so I know you'll become a fantastic, powerful witch no matter what comes your way. Promise me, sweetheart, that you won't forget that; that you'll always be proud to be a Black." Conflicted and slightly terrified (Mother was crying . Mother was crying.), Walburga gives a hasty nod. Of course she would always be proud to be a Black! Why wouldn't she? That had been some days earlier. Now, she stands with Mother and Father in the drawing room, along with two other… cousins she supposed? Walburga wasn't told of their relation but she is no less eager to meet them. They were undoubtedly family; she sees the same eyes on the man's face she saw in the mirror, and the woman's face was similar to hers as well. "Walburga," Father halted, a storm of emotions flashes through his face before it is evened out forcefully, "They are Pollux and Irma Black." Walburga blinks in curiosity. 'Irma' is her middle name; that meant that these two had to be close to their branch. She beams, opening her mouth to greet them, but stops when she realises that Father hasn't told her how to address them. She gives him a curious look. Father remained quiet; an indifferent mask in place, but Walburga could see that his arms are trembling. She looks to Mother, worried. Mother gives her a strained smile, but it seems that her voice is lost, because she is only mouthing silent words. What was going on?! Walburga panics. She looks to the other two adults in the room, dark eyes pleading them for help. They remain silent, trading glances at each other. Finally, it is Pollux that speaks up. "Walburga. I- There's no delicate way to say this; we're your parents." "No you're not," Walburga replies unthinkingly. She freezes, expecting to be chastised by Mother, but nothing happens. She glances confusedly at her. Hesitating slightly, Walburga continues, "My parents are Cygnus and Violetta Black. They raised me." Parents were the ones that took care of a child, the ones that taught them new things, the ones that tucked them into bed and woke them the next morning. Mother and Father did that. They were Walburga's parents. Right? "Mother? Father? Why aren't you saying anything?" Walburga tugs at their robes. Her voice begins to tremble when they remain unresponsive, "T-Tell them they're wrong; they aren't my parents-" "Walburga. Hush, child." Father cuts in and his voice, for some reason Walburga can't – won't – understand, is hoarse. She falls silent, and then walks towards him when he beckons her. Pointing to the Black Family Tapestry, he motions towards his own image and Walburga's eyes follow the branches surrounding it, one branch joining to an image of Mother which splits to- Walburga stops. Surely, she must have seen wrongly. Her eyes frantically rake over the names and images but they don't change. Pollux. Cassiopeia. Marius. Dorea. Where was hers?! Where- Her breath catches in her throat and she makes a sound of denial. Extending from Pollux's branch, which was entwined with Irma's, is her image with her name emblazoned below it. Walburga Irma Black. Daughter of Pollux and Irma Black. Granddaughter of Cygnus and Violetta Black. Tears sprung to her eyes unbidden and Mo- no, Grandmother- reaches towards her. Walburga flinches back. Why… Why had everyone lied to her? All is silent, save for Walburga's quiet sniffles. Finally, it was Pollux that breaks the silence, "Come Walburga. We… We'll explain." Numbly, she follows. The reveal and the following explanation sear themselves into her memory. . The second one is when she was seven. She's spending time with Dorea, helping her sis- aunt – Aunt Dorea – pack her trunk for her second year at Hogwarts. It's late when Hermes, Dorea's Eagle Owl, swoops through an open window and lands on his perch. He gives an imperious hoot and sticks out his leg. Glancing at it, Walburga starts slightly when she recognises the slightly messy scrawl. It was from Marius. "Kreacher!" Walburga calls out. The House Elf pops into the room immediately. "Young Mistress summoned Kreacher?" She eyes the Elf before barking out an order, "Inform us if either Fath-Grandfather or Grandmother plans to enter this room. That is all. Leave." Kreacher gives a low bow and pops out of the room. Walburga shuts the door and turns to her sis-aunt. "'Rea? How is he?" She hasn't seen Marius for almost three years, ever since he was disowned when he didn't receive his Hogwarts Letter. Walburga feels a chill go down her spine at the thought. A Squib. Marius was a Squib. A blight on the family, filth that had no place in their home, in their world. At least, that was what Great-Uncle Sirius had sneered. Fa-Grandfather had agreed, but he'd look absolutely shattered when he blasted Marius off the Tapestry. But he was still 'Rius. The goofy, easy-going boy who let Walburga dress him up in dresses and ribbons. Who had tucked her into bed and read her stories when Mo- Grandmother was out or busy. The one that held her and lent her his shoulder to cry on when she found out that her whole life had been just a charade. She still cares for him, even if she knows she shouldn't. Just like Dorea. At the sound of her question, Dorea turns and Walburga is startled to see tears in her eyes. "Dorea, what happened?! Is 'Rius-" "He's fine, currently," Dorea cut in, "It's just- He- How do I-" She flounders for a bit before her shoulders sags and she holds out the letter. "Here," Dorea said, resigned, as her free had snatches up a handkerchief to dab away her tears, "Just, remember that he's okay now." With no small amount of trepidation, Walburga takes it and scans through it. Dearest sister, How've you been? I hope this letter finds you well. Have you packed for Hogwarts yet? Are Father, Mother, Pollux and Cassiopeia well? And little Walburga; I hope both she and you aren't taking my disownment too badly. I've said many times; I'm fine. I'm perfectly capable of taking care of myself; I don't need the House of Black anyways. But still, thank you 'Rea for sending me that sack of galleons. I've been spending it frugally; I've quite a bit saved up- I was thinking of putting it in a Muggle bank; that way I won't have to worry about getting mugged and losing all my money. I might even get some money from it; I've been borrowing newspapers from my workplace- Oh! I almost forgot! I'm working now, so you don't need to fret over whether I've been able to eat. The Muggles have this place called a 'Cafeteria'- it's kind of like the Great Hall? Only, its open to workers only and the food's free and rather decent. I'm a mail boy, I ride this thing called a 'bicycle' and I deliver newspapers to the Muggles' homes. Uncle and Father would absolutely pissed - a scion of the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black reduced to a the Muggle form of a post owl? Why I'd love to be a fly on the wall if they ever find out. I think you'd like riding a bike (that's short for bicycles). It's kind of like riding a broom? But there's no flying involved and you need to be able to keep your balance yourself (no Charms for that, unfortunately). I seem to have become a little side tracked. Apologies. Anyways, I've noticed that the interest rates have started to rise again. Unsurprising; the banks are probably desperately trying to keep themselves afloat, what with the Muggle economy going to hell and back now. At least we're not in America. I heard that things are absolutely abysmal there since their stock exchange crashed. (I can hear you snickering Walburga; I did pay attention when Mother explained banking to us so hush.) What else can I say? Ah, yes. I've found out what a Muggle Hospital looks like. And before you freak out; I am fine . Some idiot tried to mug me (hence the reason for opening muggle bank account) with a knife. Ha! Worst mistake ever, coming at a Black with a knife. I managed to disarm him and knock him out, but he managed to knock me in the side. It was a lucky shot and nothing severe. But I probably scared a poor Muggle woman quite terribly. She saw the whole thing and dragged me to the hospital- Walburga stops. Marius had been attacked. He'd been hurt by a Muggle. A filthy Muggle had made her bro-un- her 'Rius bleed . Her breath comes out in gasps. If he had magic, it wouldn't have happened. He wouldn't have had to leave. He'd be safe- "Walburga?! Walburga, answer me! What's wrong! Wha- KREACHER! GET MOTHER AND FATHER NOW!" Walburga gasps frantically. 'Rius had been hurt . Because he didn't have the House's protection, because he didn't have magic. She… she needs the House