I am pretty sure this will be the 29th Bella/OC fiction to be on this site and I think it will be a good one! I promised a new Bella/OC story and it took a while but here is the first chapter. It is long because it's an introduction but enjoy. It will get good. Angst, drama, romance, comedy, etc. Disclaimers: Twilight is not mine. Kumi-Chan's trying something new . (See what I did there) Chapter 1: Chinese New Year I remember when I first moved to Forks. It was to get away from Phoenix for a while―my mother had her new boyfriend that she married named Phil Dywer and just as he was rich, they liked to travel a lot. I questioned myself on how I'd die on my ride to my childhood home in Forks. And now as I made my way to my new home in Danville , California... I couldn't help but question myself all the same. With Forks came staring out the window and only seeing green. Lush forests and trees for miles―open roads. With Danville came staring at a world passing me by; a world filled with many people walking on the streets and sidewalks, even more green, and... civilization . Something I felt like I hadn't seen in years. There was a reason I was locating from Forks to Danville― him . The conversation with my father played out in my head over and over like it happened yesterday―in fact, it actually did happen yesterday. TIME PASSES. EVEN WHEN IT SEEMS IMPOSSIBLE. EVEN when each tick of the second hand aches like the pulse of blood behind a bruise. It passes unevenly, in strange urches and dragging lulls, but pass it does. Even for me. CHARLIE'S FIST CAME DOWN ON THE TABLE. "THAT'S IT, Bella! I'm sending you home." I looked up from my cereal, which I was pondering rather than eating, and stared at Charlie in shock. I hadn't been following the conversation―actually, I hadn't been aware that we were having a conversation ― and I wasn't sure what he meant. "I am home," I mumbled, confused. "I'm sending you to Renée, to... where ever the hell she's at right now," he clarified. Charlie watched with exasperation as I slowly grasped the meaning of his words. "What did I do?" I felt my face crumple. It was so unfair. My behavior had been above reproach for the past two months. After that first week, which neither of us ever mentioned, I hadn't missed a day of school or work. Even with hanging out with Jacob and us having problems as a whole. My grades stayed perfect. I never broke curfew, never went anywhere after issues with Jake, in order to break curfew in the first place. I only very rarely served leftovers. Charlie was scowling. "You didn't do anything. That's the problem. You never do anything ." "You want me to get into trouble?" I wondered, my eyebrows pulling together in mystification. I made an effort to pay attention. It wasn't easy. I was so used to tuning everything out, my ears felt stopped up. "Trouble would be better than this... this moping around all the time!" That stung a bit. I'd been careful to avoid all forms of moroseness, moping included. "I am not moping around." "Wrong word," he grudgingly conceded. "Moping would be better ― that would be doing something. But you're just... lifeless , Bella. I think that's the word I want." This accusation struck home. I sighed and tried to put some animation into my response. "I'm sorry, Dad." My apology sounded a little flat, even to me. I'd thought I'd been fooling him. Keeping Charlie from suffering was the whole point of all this effort. How depressing to think that the effort had been wasted. "I don't want you to apologize." I let out a heavy sigh. "Then tell me what you do want me to do." "Bella," he hesitated, scrutinizing my reaction to his next words. "Honey, you're not the first person to go through this kind of thing twice, you know." "I know that." My accompanying grimace was limp and unimpressive. "Listen, honey. I think that maybe you need some help." "Help?" He paused, searching for the words again. "When your mother left," he began, frowning, "and took you with her." He inhaled deeply. "Well, that was a really bad time for me." "I know, Dad," I mumbled. "But I handled it," he pointed out. "Honey, you're not handling it. I waited, I hoped it would get better. And it did for that one month, but for the life of me, I have no idea how you could warm up to being so happy down there in La Push with Jacob and then suddenly go back to how you were before." He stared at me and I looked down quickly. "I think we both know it's not getting better for you here." "I'm fine." If I kept telling myself that lie, then eventually I would start believing it. Charlie narrowed his eyes, saying with a little bite in his gruff tone, "You're not fine." "I am." Lie. "I really am." If I said it before I went to bed every night... if people would just stop looking... if he would just come back and love me all over again... "No, you are not." Charlie's face was beginning to become red... his eyes were suddenly bloodshot and his fingers would drum on the small wooden table and then clench tightly into fists. I had never seen him mad. I had never seen this side of my father ― upset . He was clearly upset with what was going on... but still―he needed to know that it was okay. He needed to know that I was fine. My façade had depth and meaning. I lived only to keep him happy―which I was clearly lousy at doing. I breathed out a shaky sigh, pinching my temples. I was going to say and live these words one more time. "Charlie, I am fine―" "Damn it!" he suddenly shouted, causing me to wince at the anger laced in his tone. Charlie was quick on his feet, circling around the table. Before I recovered from the blow of him yelling at me or even knew what was going on, I was yanked from my seat and dragged out into the small living room, in front of a mirror that was hung on the wall just a couple of days ago ― his attempts to 'spice up the house'. "Look at yourself!" I'm starting to think the only reason this mirror was hanging on the wall was to break me. I looked. I really looked. "Who is she? Who is this girl?" Charlie questioned, his tone hysterical as his angered and grimacing face stared at the stranger's reflection right next to his. "I-It's me ― " I attempted to smile, but failed. Imagine looking into a mirror while smiling, but only seeing your reflection frown back. "This is what the old you left behind, Bells." Charlie pointed to my hollow cheeks and dark eyes; the purple circles surrounding the doe-eyes I used to have. The lost complexion. Utter pain and anguish behind these eyes... forever etched in this girl's once beautiful face. "This isn't my daughter. This isn't the Isabella Marie Swan I dreamed of seeing after all these years or the Isabella I paid a good couple of hundred for a damn plane ticket to get you back to me. You're not... you're not my Bells. You're a former shell." I hadn't realized that hot, steaming tears were slowly falling from my eyes. Hitting the tip of my shoes and staining the wood tiles underneath our feet. Rolling down my cheeks. "And it's all because ― " he started to say, but I cut him off, snapping my eyes shut and covering my ears with my hands. I was sobbing now. A hard sobbing mess and I couldn't stop crying. I felt like the world was collapsing on top of me. I felt the pent up tension rip a hole in the lower depths of my abdomen. And as for my broken heart? Crushed into tinier pieces. "D-Don't say it, p-please." I sobbed, my voice barely above a whisper. "Just don't..." He braced himself and held out a hand, preventing me from running away. Charlie exhaled deeply, before making the effort to pry my hands from my ears. "Edward. Cullen." He said slowly, the name of my former boyfriend that wanted me to know that he didn't exist in this world ― my world. "See, I said it Bells." He whispered softly as I wept. "And did you die? Are you dead?" It hurt to hear his name. It hurt to imagine him and I sitting on the couch behind me reflected in the mirror. It hurt to know that Charlie was actually warming up to him until four mouths ago. And it hurt most know that I didn't die once I heard his name. It wasn't how I imagined it. Tears streamed down my cheeks as I mouthed a, "No..." "Now can you please pack your things and put on a real happy face for your old man and your mother?" He grabbed a hold of my shoulders and pulled me into a warm, fatherly hug. Something he never did. I realized, no matter how much it hurt... how much pain I felt... the world didn't stop for me. It went on. And him and his family probably did, too. I hugged my father back with all the strength I had. I murmured, agreeing. I didn't want to leave Charlie alone in Forks... But I had to. Like the world moved on and they moved on... I had to, too. "... okay." "Bella?" Phil brought me back to reality. I stared out the window as he pulled up a cobblestone street that stretched out onto a hill as the silver Range Rover drove at a constant speed. "Oh, sorry, Phil..." I say, glancing at him briefly before mustering a small smile. "My mind drifted off for a second there." He laughed shortly, nodding. "It's okay, really. We ... your mother and I... we just really want you to be happy here." His blue eyes squinted at the glint from he sun. Phil went on explaining how him and my mother wished for me to be happy. While I agreed to make the journey from Forks to Danville ... I wasn't too optimistic. It would be a whole new environment―but of course, as I promised to Charlie before he allowed me to get on the plane, I would try something new. New city, new life. He tried to smile while saying that but I could tell he was either angry at the fact that he had this much of an affect on me or sad to see me go. He was a worried father, and I didn't blame him. I was worried for myself and my mental stability. Danville , California was a big town, population to nearly 43,341people―now 43,341. 5 since I felt like half the person I was before―with the motto of "small town atmosphere, outstanding quality of life". It was cloudy today. But I could see the sun. It was however, a bit comforting to be back in civilization with tall buildings and many different people who all didn't know each other because their parents knew their parents' parents. And after being in dreary Forks for so long, one could only hope... that these clouds cleared up and it stayed sunny around here. I'd hate to run into a family of seven, golden eyed vampires... who are you kidding, Bella? You'd love that. Otherwise you'd stop calling a disconnected phone and sending unresponsive emails to them. "It's a big town, but sort of like a small city and your mother has exquisite taste so if either of us