LegolasRomance Legolas sat on the edge of the castle of Minas Tirith listening in sadness to the laughter and music from inside the castle. Aragorn had just gotten engaged to Arwen as he had always wanted. Legolas was glad that he was happy, but sad because it was not with him that Aragorn wanted to spend forever with. A tear leaked out of the corner of his blue eyes. He let it fall. "How are you doing?" Gimli's's gruff speech made Legolas look up. "I'm fine Gimli, how are you?" "I don't have anything to not feel fine about. I don't understand why it's a man you want, but I can still sympathize with the fact that the one you love loves another." Gimli sat beside Legolas on the edge but did not dangle his legs off of the edge as Legolas did. His weren't long enough. "It was never meant to be anyway. Men should not be together as a man and woman are together, right?" "I would not know Legolas, I would not know." Gimli sighed and they sat together in silence for a while until Aragorn came to find them. "Legolas, Gimli, there you are. I've been looking for you," Aragorn looked down at them smiling. "Why have you been looking for us?" Legolas asked. "Well, you weren't inside and I did not know wether to wonder if you were in trouble or off with someone. Wonderful isn't it? Arwen and I are to be married." Aragorn smiled in a dazed way and Legolas felt his heart break a bit more. Smile, be happy for your friend , he chided himself and managed what he hoped was a happy smile. It didn't work. "Is something troubling you Legolas?" Aragorn's smile faded and concern took its place. "No, Aragorn, nothing is bothering me. Engaged at last. You will have someone to be happy with always. Good luck Aragorn, Arwen is the luckiest woman in all of Middle Earth." Legolas attempted to smile again. This time Aragorn bought it and together the three of them went back to join the celebration of King Aragorn's wedding to be. Aragorn lay in his bed staring at the deep green canopy of his four-poster bed and sighed. His engagement party had been three days ago yet something about it still bothered him. Why had Legolas seemed so sad? The way he had said Arwen was the luckiest woman, did Legolas have... feelings? for Aragorn? No, it couldn't be. Yet still, at the mention of his impending engagement sadness had filled Legolas's eyes in a way that troubled Aragorn. Aragorn thought about Arwen, he loved her, yet he felt as though his love had faded a bit. Little by little the battle of the Ring had brought him and Legolas closer and when he had decided to marry Arwen it hadn't felt as right as it might have a year ago. Did he really still love Arwen as he once had? Did he, instead, love the blonde elf who had stood at his side faithfully since the Fellowship all those months ago? Maybe. Realizing that he would have to face the day eventually Aragorn stood and began to bath and dress for the day. Legolas stared at the arrows protruding from the center of the target. Like always he had been a dead hit on every shot. In a moment of sadness he thought about an arrow or knife protruding from his chest, the tip of the weapon imbedded in the center of his heart before he regained his self and realized he could not kill himself. "Hello Legolas." Legolas's heart fluttered at the sound of Aragorn's voice but he shook himself and turned to greet his friend. "Good morning Aragorn, come to face the day?" They smiled. "He has arisen, I am surprised," Gimli came to stand beside Legolas from where he had been using his axe to keep in shape. "Be nice Gimli, a king can't always be perfect," Aragorn said, still smiling. You will always be perfect to me , Legolas thought. "How is Arwen?" he asked. "She is fine, she had to leave yesterday to visit her father and to spend a few more days in her home before she leaves it to live here." They all looked toward the tiers of the castle and town. From the view of the practice grounds it looked to Legolas like a tall crown of white. Over head a bird cried as it soared through the open sky. Legolas saw it clearly with his elven eyes. The other two did not see nor here it. They talked for a bit more and Aragorn loosed a few arrows to keep in practice before he had to go attend to matters and Legolas decided to take a ride. Gimli followed him to the stables. "Fancy some company?" he asked. "No thank you Gimli, I think I want to be alone for a bit. Maybe next time," Legolas smiled at Gimli who nodded understandingly. Legolas saddle his chestnut horse, Faelinn, and mounted him. The leather of the saddle creaked familiarly and Legolas felt a bit better as he felt the horse's smooth muscles move beneath him. Heeling the horse from a trot into a gallop Legolas soon left the grounds of Gondor behind and headed for the woods bordering the wide fields, his long hair streaming in the wind. When he reached the cool shade of the woods he slowed Faelinn to a walk and soon came upon a stream. Halting Faelinn he dismounted and sat on a large rock beside the trickling water. His reflection stared at him accusingly. Say something, it said , speak up, speak your feelings. What if he returns them? "He doesn't love me, he loves Arwen," Legolas said aloud. How do you know for sure? Maybe he's marrying her because everyone expects it. He has to keep an image, he's a king. Yet image doesn't matter. So what if people talk that their king married another elf instead of Arwen, what does she have that you don't? "Aragorn's love," Legolas said. His reflection saddened yet asked, How do you know? Maybe he doesn't. "He does, I can see it whenever I see at him looking at her. His eye's are filled with love for her. He only thinks of me as a friend." A snap brought Legolas's head up and he stood, drawing his sword. "Who's there?" he called looking around. Nothing moved and he heard nothing more. After another moment he sheathed his sword and sat. Aragorn stood as quietly as he could. He had seen Legolas riding off toward the wood and with an urging from Gimli had followed. He had left his horse, Gaven, at the edge of the wood so as to be as quiet as possible. When he had found Legolas he had heard him talking but no one had answered. Peering through the bushed he had seen Legolas talking to his reflection and what he had said made Aragorn worried yet at the same time strangely relieved. Legolas did love him. He swayed a bit and stepped back to keep balance breaking a twig as he did so. He froze and tried to be invisible as Legolas called out to know who was there. After a moment he left, avoiding anything that might alert Legolas to his presence. When he reached Gaven he mounted and kicked him into a gallop so as to reach the castle before Legolas. It soon grew dark and Legolas decided to head back to the castle. He mounted Faelinn and they left. Legolas was sitting in the Dining Hall when a boy came rushing in, a letter clutched in his hand. "For you, Sir," he said between breaths. "Thank you." Legolas took the letter from the boy's outstretched hand and broke the wax seal. The letter was short and simple, he needed to return to Mirkwood to deal with some of the left over damage from the battles over the ring. A month, in four months Aragorn would be wed to Arwen, he would be in Mirkwood, he would miss the wedding. Aragorn would be upset but maybe it was for the better that this had come up. Aragorn didn't need a melancholy elf to ruin his bright spirits. Legolas would leave. He turned to the boy, "You may go please." He nodded and left. Legolas sat staring at the table and that was how Gimli found his elven friend. "What's wrong elf?" he asked and sat across from his friend. Legolas handed him the letter. Gimli read it. "Oh," he said. "Will you be going?" "Yes, I don't have a choice wedding or no. It's for the best anyhow, I don't want to spoil his moment of happiness." "Aye, but you'll be spoiling it by not being there. You're his friend, you can't miss this." "And why can't I, Gimli? Why should I be there? All that it would do is break my heart further." Legolas slammed a fist on the table before standing and leaving Gimli at the table. "Poor lad," he said shaking his head. He hated to see his friend so down, so depressed. He made a decision then, he would try to enlighten Aragorn to Legolas's feelings. Subtly and without shedding light on his part in it. Then he thought over it again. While he hated to see a friend sad, he didn't want two sad friends. Aragorn might be upset at causing his friend pain and might try to ease it by not marrying Arwen leaving her hurt and alone, or would still marry Arwen, yet live in guilt over Legolas. Love was a fickle thing. Too confusing. Legolas sat on his bed, he had been pacing up and down his room for the past hour like a caged animal. Now he was tired. His head hurt from thinking and his heart hurt from love. Maybe he'd leave tomorrow for home. Hanging around the castle and seeing the one he loved loving another was giving him such a heartache, better to mourn from afar. With that thought in his head he left to find Aragorn and tell him. Aragorn lie awake in bed the soft woolen sheets doing nothing to soothe him while sleep evaded him. Legolas would be leaving tomorrow and would not return until after the wedding. It was a shame that Legolas, his friend would not be there, yet Aragorn was starting to think he might not marry Arwen. She had noticed his distance and had questioned him gently. He was pained by the hurt he had seen in her eyes when he could not explain. Tomorrow he would try, he thought. He would try to explain it all to Arwen. Maybe he'd talk to Gimli about Legolas, they were close. With that thought in mind Aragorn finally fell asleep. The next morning Legolas was a bit surprised to see Aragorn standing in the doorway of his bedroom. "Packing already? I had hoped you might stay a bit longer today." Aragorn moved over to sit on his bed. "I want to leave early so that I might reach the wood's sooner. Leaving now I would reach home quicker." Legolas sealed the last of his belongings into his pack and picked up his sword to belt it on. Aragorn spoke while Legolas hooked his two other swords to his back. "I am sorry you cannot make it to the wedding. But at the moment I fear there might not be a wedding." Legolas stopped in the middle of wrapping his bow and stared, wide-eyed at Aragorn who looked back at him sadly. "Why ever not?" he asked finally. "I feel different about Arwen, I can't explain it, but I... I just don't know." Aragorn sighed and looked at the floor. Legolas finished wrapping his bow and string and belted the bow and full quiver to his back. "I am sorry,