I do not own Percy Jackson, the series, or anything related to it! Percy's POV It's been about a week since we got back from our quest. Hazel and Frank left for the Roman camp five days ago, and Jason decided to stay here at Camp Half-Blood. I've fallen back into a routine schedule, sword fighting, canoeing, swimming, all things I teach as a senior counselor. Same failed cabin inspections, same campfires, perfect nights with Annabeth; those are all the things I love. I'm laying on my bed, looking at the ceiling. I can hear the water rocking, it's noise soothing me. Everything is back to normal, just like every summer before. My mom was excited to see me, we hadn't seen each other for over half a year. Annabeth came with me, and we stayed there for a few days, spending time with my mom. We weren't planning on telling her about Tartarus, but she told us she saw darkness in our eyes. Annabeth broke down (Which is so unlike her), and my mom and I consoled her for a while I'm not asleep right now because of the nightmares, every night I have them. After the nightmare, I can't sleep for the rest of the night. Annabeth and I haven't talked about it, much less mentioned it's name. A lot of mornings our eyes are bloodshot, and we have giant bags under our eyes. We never told anybody about it, besides Chiron, but everybody seems to know. Whenever we walk by people they whisper in hushed tones and stare. Annabeth gives them her death stare, and the noises fade quicker than a snap. Annabeth and I have been spending more time together than ever. My Train of thought was interrupted when someone opened the door to my cabin. It was Will Solace. He was panting from loss of breath. I swung my feet over the edge of my bunk bed and asked him "What's wrong" "Annabeth" He said exasperated "Where is she?" I asked, jumping off the bed onto my feet "Beach" I jumped off my bed and ran as fast as I could. The ocean was brewing, violent waves were slapping the shore. A group of kids were standing on the shore, looking out at the water in fright. "Where is she?" I yelled They all pointed out to the water. I jumped in without thinking, and shot through the water. It propelled me forward, the water spiraling around me like a torpedo. I bounced myself up about 100 feet offshore, and focused all my concentration on stopping the waves. I spread my hands like a scarecrow, and willed the water to calm down. It resisted, but eventually gave in to my commands. I dove back under, and sensed her presence to my right, I swam over, and found her at the bottom of the ocean, unconscious. I picked her up, and swam back to shore. Gently I laid her on the beach, and tapped my finger on her chest. All the water in her lungs came out in a fountain, landing all over her clothes "Annabeth!" I yelled "Wake up, come on. Annabeth, please" I pleaded, shaking her She coughed as I cradled her head in my arms. I felt like the weight of the world was lifted off of me (Trust me I'd know) "It's dark" she muttered "So dark!" "Annabeth, it's okay" I said, standing up with her in my arms "Don't leave me" She whispered "Never" I said back "That's a promise" I carried her to the Big House, the small crowd of people from the beach following. They opened the door for me, and I laid her on the sofa. Chiron came trotting down the stairs "Oh dear" He went to Annabeth and touched her cheek "Everybody out besides Percy" Everyone scrambled back out the front door "What happened?" He asked "I don't know. Will came and told me she was at the beach. I found her at the bottom of the ocean and got the water out of her lungs. Then I carried her here" He touched Annabeth's forehead "She needs sleep" "I can't" She whispered "You have to try Annabeth. I can carry you back to your cabin" "No!" she yelled "You said you wouldn't leave me!" "What?" Chiron asked "She's talking to me" I said. I walked up to her side and grabbed her hand "Annabeth, I won't leave you" Chiron was thought for a while before saying "This is the only time that this has happened, but I'll allow it with your special circumstances. Percy, you can sleep in Annabeth's cabin. There's an empty bed above hers and you can have it. I thought for a minute then said "That sounds fine Chiron, but what's wrong with my cabin?" "You two would be alone" "What does that have to do with- Oh." I could feel blood rushing to my face "Nothing's gonna happen Chiron. My cabin is empty. And If we have nightmares we won't disturb anyone else" He sat for a few minutes stroking his beard "Fine, but if you two do do something, I'll be in so much trouble with your parents" "I promise" I said "What happened down there Percy?" He asked, his face very serious "I can't talk about it right now. I'm sorry, it's just too soon" "I understand. Would you like a lift back to your cabin?" He asked as he slung Annabeth over his back "That would be great" I jumped up onto his back, and grabbed Annabeth to prevent her from falling "Thank you" She said, leaning her weight onto me I kissed her head, and held onto her for dear life. We arrived at the cabin fairly quickly I jumped off of his back and said "Thanks Chiron, for everything. I can get her inside from here" I grabbed Annabeth and carried her inside, then slung her onto my bed. I climbed up after her, and laid next to her "Percy?" She asked "Yeah" I replied "I love you" Oh my gods. She just told me she loved me. Annabeth loves me. "I love you too Annabeth. I know you already know this, but I have nightmares too" She nodded, then fell asleep. Her head was on my chest, and my arm was under her neck. My arm was falling asleep, but I didn't dare to move it, to disrupt her sleep. I've told her I loved her before, but that was when we were on the brink of the death, when we thought we may not see each other again. This was different, completely different. I couldn't help but smile at the thought of Athena and Poseidon looking at us right now, disgusted at the sight of us together. I'm still angry about what happened in Greece, the gods helped us defeat Giants, then they left. They just shot us back to Long Island with a farewell. I would've thought they'd come and congratulate us, thank us for saving the world. None of us have heard anything from our parents. We save the world, and nothing, not even a message, much less a visit. Annabeth and I went through something awful, something the gods themselves haven't even done. I stayed up for the rest of the night, Annabeth at my side. When morning came, the trumpet sounded, and Annabeth began to stir. She looked up at me, obviously puzzled. She then pulled away, and sat up against the wall. "What happened last night?" "You had a nightmare and walked into the ocean. When I found you you were unconscious underwater" "That's not possible" She said, leaning up against the wall "And why am I in your room? How did the harpies not catch us?" "Chiron thought it was for the best. You wouldn't let me leave your side, so this is what he came up with" "I wonder how Athena feels about this" "I've been wondering myself" I replied "Do you want to go get breakfast?" "Yah" We walked out of the cabin, our shoulders pressed up against each other. I put my left arm over her shoulders, pulling her even closer. I kissed the top of her head, and she laughed "What's so funny?" I asked "Nothing, just, we spend so much time together, yet we never fight. I just find it a little strange" "Isn't that a good thing?" "Yeah it's perfect, it is. I just feel like I start fights, and you do whatever I want. You're a softie!" She said, poking my side "I am not" I replied "Come on Percy, I'm sleeping in your cabin. You must have some sort of issue with that" "Not really. Who would be upset that their girlfriend is sleeping in their cabin, let alone the same bed" "So that's how you're looking at it" She said sarcastically "I'm a guy, I can't help it" I said, pulling her in and kissing her on the lips She grabbed my hand, and we leisurely walked to the mess hall, only to find everybody already there. They were all staring at us, and Annabeth blushed, then released my hand on they way to her table. I strolled to my table since nobody was there. Zeus' table was next to mine, and Jason was sitting there. I was served pancakes (Blue of course) "Nice Jackson" He said, winking at me "I know right" "Piper told me what happened last night with Annabeth" I just picked at my pancakes, suddenly not in the mood to eat "It was pretty awful. Everything was" "Dude, I wish I could say something nice, but I can't think of anything. I'll probably never know what you two went through and I don't want to" I'm glad someone finally understands that they don't know what we went through. They'll never know what we went through. "At least Annabeth is sleeping in my cabin now" Jason choked on his pancakes "What? Dude that's sweet" "Yeah" "How'd you get Chiron to agree to that?" "It was last night" "Oh" Jason said We sat through the rest of breakfast in silence, then were dismissed. I found Annabeth on her way out "Hey" "Everybody knows what happened last night, they're all scared to talk me" "Scared of you? No" I said sarcastically "What does that mean?" She asked "You can have a very intense gaze when you try. Although I, your boyfriend, have become immune" "You've become immune to eyes" She said slowly "Yup, 100% immune" She smiled and slowly walked towards me. I felt my lips tingling, wanting to kiss her. Eventually she got so close that are lips were practically touching. Instinctively I leaned forward and kissed her. "Aha!" She exclaimed "That's no fair!" "How was that not fair? I got you to break, fair and square" She said, jabbing my chest with her index finger" "That wasn't an intense stare. That was a 'Percy-please-kiss-me' stare" "You are so full of crap" "I try" "So what do you want to do?" She asked "I don't care, whatever you want" "Softie!" She yelled "Fine, I want to, um, go to the lake. Yah the lake" "Let's go to the lake then" Slowly we made our way to the lake, taking our time. She slipped her hand into mine, and together we walked to the end of the pier. I sat down, and patted the empty spot next to me. Annabeth caught the hint, and sat down. She leaned up against me, and I instinctively put my arm around her. "Watch this" I said, flicking my free hand. A ball of water jumped out of the lake, and morphed into the shape of a bird. "Since when can you do that?" She asked "I figured it out the summer of the labyrinth. Everything was so crazy after that, I guess I just forgot. "Can you make an owl?" "Of course. Anything for you smooshkums" I morphed the water into an owl