Screaming pierced the air, shrill and wrought with agony. "Push, Princess! Just one more push and it'll be over!" Tired blue eyes shut in despair for only a moment before they opened again, this time blazing. Gritting her teeth, she pushed once more, letting out a cry that was soon joined with another shriller wail. Flopping back onto her pillows, the princess felt a wave of overwhelming exhaustion flood her. "You did it, Princess! Congratulations! You have a healthy baby girl." Her tiredness immediately vanished as the nurse came toward her with tears in her eyes, holding her precious baby girl in her arms. Gently handing her off, the princess gazed down at the wailing face of her daughter and felt such a strong love in her heart, it brought her to tears. "My beautiful daughter." She reached out a hand and stroked a finger down her tiny little cheek, the pain from labor nothing but a distant memory. "What will you name her?" Blue eyes alight with a joy rarely seen, gazed fixedly as the bundle in her arms quieted down as if she too were waiting for her answer. "Her name is Hermione." . . . Cameras flashed as the Prince faced a cheering crowd outside of the hospital, his merry face aglow in the chaos. "My daughter is a healthy seven pounds." He announced proudly to the excited reporters. "I'm quite relieved and delighted." "And does she favor her mother?" "Well, it's hard to tell at the moment." "How is the Princess?" "She's well but very tired. It was a hard twelve hours." "What did you name her?" A smile, wide and genuine erupted on the prince's face. "Hermione." . . . They both smiled side by side as the cameras flashed and their names were cried. "Happy Birthday, Hermione!" The people cried as they threw flowers and let loose balloons in the shape of the number one. The baby in the princess's arm already seemed comfortable with the chaos of voices and lights overwhelming her sense for she did not make a sound in her mother's arms. "Okay, cars ready." A voice whispered into the princess's ear. She nodded, smile remaining in place as she followed the prince back into the car. Once the duo settled into the Rolls Royce, Diana continued to smile and wave one handily out the window as she held Hermione in the other. "Thank you! Thank you everyone!" she cried, waving Hermione's arm for her with a jubilant laugh as the people screamed. "You're overdoing it." The princess's smile tightened but stubbornly she continued until the car pulled completely away. Her smile dropped as she sank back, holding Hermione to her. She shot a sideways glance to her husband to find him determinedly gazing out the window. Every muscle in his body seemed to repel her and pain stabbed the young princesses heart. Her blue eyes trailed down to his fist, before gazing fixedly at the cufflinks he wore; the ones she had gotten him. Her lips curled as she gazed at them, burning jealousy and despair seizing her. Her mind flashed to that day, two years ago, now when she had sat at a table in the restaurant Ménage à Trois, waiting to speak to her- her husband's supposed best friend. She had suspected then that they were having an affair but had been played for a fool that day. Now, however, she was a fool no more. Ménage à trois, indeed. Except now it was over with Hermione's birth. The prince could no longer go and see that women, not with a baby and the press. She could finally breathe easy. She smiled down at her daughter as if to prove this. "Happy birthday my darling." she cooed as Hermione blinked her brown eyes and giggled up at her mommy. Yet, those cufflinks remained at the back of her mind. . . . Hermione remained still and quiet as the argument escalated. Her father had just finished giving a speech and now they remained sequestered in a room away from prying eyes and ears. "You always treat me like I'm daft." Her mother hissed as her father grit his teeth. "No, you just are impossible to talk to!" He turned away from her, face frustrated. "All you ever do is accuse me of things completely out of merit!" "What am I supposed to think? I never see you outside of some public event! You never have time for anything but your duties and any event where she is at, you always go off afterward to be with her!" "She's my best friend!" Her father dismissed with a wave "And if you tried to get along with her you would understand but you don't try! Not with her or any of my other friends." "I have tried to get along with your friends but they purposefully exclude me in conversations. Always going on about things they know I don't have any knowledge of and talking down to me whenever I try to engage! And I know why they do it too; It's because they know you aren't happy with me— because you are in love with her !" "Shut up!" Hermione jolted at the sudden bellow just as the same time the doll in her hand suddenly turned into her favorite stuffed otter with a loud pop sound. Both her parents broke off whatever spiteful words they were about to say to stare at her. Shocked, Hermione released her toy, staring at it with a gaping mouth. "I'm sorry!" Hermione cried, bending down to pick up her toy just as it suddenly starting morphing back to its original doll shape. Her eyes snapped up at the sound of thump to find her father had sunk into a chair, his face ashen. "Oh, no." . . . Admittedly, the Queen was not an overly affectionate woman yet Hermione knew without a shadow of a doubt that her grandmother loved her. She might even go as far as to say that her grandmother loved her the most. Hermione also knew that for as much as the Queen loved her, she hated Hermione's mother, the Princess. It was apparent in the cold and aloof way she regarded her, no matter the circumstance. This time, however, was different. As they all sat in a room in Windsor Castle, the Queen and the Princess seemed to have a truce in favor of being wrought with worry as they waited. Her father too seemed to be on quite the edge. Their reactions truly belied the seriousness of Hermione's situation. She had never seen her family like this and thus she was on her best behavior between her mother and her grandmother. Quite suddenly, the fireplace roared as green flames erupted. Her mother clutched her hand so tightly it hurt but it was a welcome distraction as a man stepped out from the flames. Stiff as a board with her eyes wide, Hermione watched the man with long white beard brush off his oddly designed robes as he turned to face them, straightening the large pointy hat on his head as he did so. Blue eyes twinkled back at her before the man lowered in a deep bow. The flames roared again and out stepped another man, this one less eccentric as the first. He too bowed before quickly straightening. "Cornelius, thank you so much for coming on such short notice." Her grandmother spoke, addressing the newest arrival. Fudge bowed again, a blush on his round face. "It is no trouble at all your majesty." The minister spoke, his eyes flashing from the crown on her head to the princess to Hermione sitting shell shocked between them. "And your name sir?" The queen addressed the strange man standing beside the minister. "Pardon me, your majesty. My name is Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore and I am the headmaster of Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It is an honor to make your acquaintance." "The pleasure is all ours considering the delicate situation, I assure you." The Queen retorted making Albus incline his head. "Yes, this matter is most serious indeed." Minister Fudge piped up as he and Albus eyed Hermione. "We have confirmed that Hermione is a witch." Albus announced. Her mother gasped and her father turned away to lean heavily on the only table present in the room. Beside her, the Queen remained strong and collected, her shrewd eyes focused on the two wizards in the room. "Is there a way to prove this?" she asked as Fudge nodded. "Yes, of course." He then procured out from his cloak a photograph before stepping to the Queen and holding it out for her to take. The queen grabbed in with both hands, staring down at the picture for a moment. Hermione turned her head to catch her grandmother's eyebrows furrow in confusion. "This is just a picture of the Big Ben, what does this have anything to do with proof?" She asked as Hermione peered over to look herself. Her own eyebrows rose as she saw something decisively not London. Instead, she saw, not a picture, but a video of Minister Fudge as he reached out a shook someone's hand in some sort of award ceremony. "I don't see that," Hermione murmured; her mother squeezed her hand, drawing her grandmother's attention. "I see him," she said, pointing at Fudge, "giving an award to some boy." "That is correct," Fudge beamed. "The picture has an anti-muggle charm on it that is designed for muggles, or none-magic-folk, to see something different than what magic folk would see. The Princess being able to see this can only mean that she is a witch." "Her name has also been added to Hogwarts list of students arriving in 1992," Dumbledore added before gazing at Hermione. "This is quite an unprecedented occurrence to have a member of the royal family wielding magic. Many will seek to use her for their nefarious schemes." "What? What nefarious schemes?" her mother gasped, pulling Hermione tighter to her. The Queen shot her a look as if to say 'hold your tongue!' "So, what do you suggest for her protection? Our guards are good but they surely wouldn't be able to fight against magic." "Of course, the ministry will provide Aurors for her protection!" Fudge announced "Aurors? What are they?" her mother asked peering frantically between the minister and the queen. "Of course, it's the wizarding form of a bodyguard of some sort, right?" The Queen inquired. Fudge nodded his head. "And it wouldn't only be for Hermione, correct? Surely, the entire royal family needs these Aurors for protection as well?" Her grandmother's tone left no room for argument. "Of course, your majesty." . . . She should not have been eavesdropping but the sad timber of her mother voice admitting from the crack in the door had been too hard to ignore. Now, she sat against the darkened corridor wall listening. "This has all been a mistake. Everything has been a lie with him since before we had even gotten married! You know, I can't help but wonder why he even started up with me in the first place…no, I'm not imagining it, I have letters, Anthony! Letters that prove that he's in love with her and that it's been going on for the entirety of our marriage! All the trinkets that he got her with their code names on it, the getaways together to her home in Switzerland. I'm at my wit's end, Anthony! He…he won't even talk to me anymore! It's like—it's like he's disgusted by me now. The Queen keeps pressuring us to have another baby but…he won't even touch my hand anymore let alone make love to me. I just…I can't take it! All I wanted since the beginning was him! I know he doesn't think it true but I didn't ask for all the fame! I would have been happy to just