She returned to consciousness slowly. First, she became aware of the warmth she felt enveloping her, the plush softness of the bed underneath her. She then smelled the medicinal slaves and potions and knew she must be in the hospital wing. She felt the fingertips stroking her arm last. Her eyes snapped open with alarm to be encompassed by a vivid green eye staring down at her fixedly. My wand! She frantically thought even as her mind tried to make sense of her surroundings. Messy black hair fell hazardously into a face that seemed to have seen better days. Bandages covered one of his eyes and his nose, and he had a split lip. She almost didn't recognize him without his glasses but there was no mistaking that color of his eye. She wondered why Harry Potter would be staring down at her and—she looked down at the fingers still stroking her skin, soothing the tender flesh of her now marred and horribly scared arm—why he would be touching her. No one touched her unless to dealt out pain. And with that thought she snatched her arm away, noticing then that one of his own arms were wrapped up in a sling. He looked to be just as badly beaten as her. She met his gaze again to find him staring out her with an expression she didn't understand. He didn't look at her with pity or disgust or hate. He just looked at her. She narrowed her eyes at him distrustfully. What does he want? Why is he here? She turned her eyes onto her nightstand, seeking her wand to find it next to a plate of food. She reached out quickly to grab it and pointed it at him without preamble, daring him with her eyes to make a move. Harry didn't even flinch at suddenly having a wand pointed in his face. Instead, he did something completely unexpected. He licked the tip. One quick tiny swipe from the end of his pink tongue. Hermione recoiled from him as if he had licked her and stared at him appalled at befuddled at his actions. He smiled then, a wide grin that lit up his bright eyes. Hermione had never been smiled at like that before. She didn't know what to make of it, what to think. Why didn't she feel scared? Why didn't she feel angry? "Are you hungry?" She jumped at the unexpected sound of his voice, loud to her ears even though he whispered. "Exc—" she stopped, surprised at how hoarse her voice sounded. She recalled then, for just a second, the hours she had spent screaming her lungs out earlier. She cleared her throat and tried again. "Go aw—" "I have this thing, you see, I absolutely fucking hate eating alone. Can't taste a thing, so if you're hungry we should really eat together. I'd hate to waste the food the house elves took the time to make." She didn't speak for a moment as she examined him. He looked serious and, maybe even sincere. But he's a Slytherin. One of them. She thought, her eyes drifting to his loosely hanging Slytherin tie. God, she hated that emerald green and silver. Yet…as she looked back into the green of his good eye she couldn't help but think they were the nicest color she'd ever seen. She lowered her hand still holding the wand down to her lap as she eyed him and then the food. She noticed the other plate of food on the nightstand closest to him. He really got her with the house elves bit. There was no way she would waste a scrap of their hard work. She gave a quick nod of her head making Harry give her another smile. She blinked in the face of it before she looked away and shifted uncomfortably. Distracting herself, she flicked her wand so her plate of food came over to her and landed on her lap. She then charmed her fork to feed her, feeling his gaze on her while she did so. "Merlin, you did that so easily. I'm terrible at non-verbals." The sincerity in his tone made her cheeks tinge pink with a mix between pride and embarrassment. Sure the professors complimented her all the time on her brilliance but never had a student before. They always just rolled their eyes or glared at her for being a know-it-all, or ignored her. "I know, I've seen your attempts in class." She still for a second with a blank face, waiting for him to call her snooty bitch, peeking up at him to catch that expression of anger. She jolted at the sudden booming sound of his laughter, staring at him with wide eyes. Why is he laughing? "Could you tell I was about to pass out the last time in Charms? My mates would stop having me on about how red my face got." Harry chuckled, shaking his head before he turned his amused eyes onto her. She stared at him for a heartbeat. "You're really odd, Harry Potter." she said and he just nodded his head as if it was the most natural thing in the world for them to be like this: sitting in the hospital wing, eating and talking. She took another bite of her food as she absentmindedly scratched around the scar on her arm. "Can I ask you a question, Hermione?" Her eyes snapped to his, her head whirling at his usage of her first name. Only a handful of people had ever called her by her name in Hogwarts and she could count on two hands how many times she's been addressed by it. However shocked she felt at her first name was nothing compared to how she felt when Harry lowered his good eye to gaze down at her arm before reaching out and stroking her skin again, his fingers bumping into her hand that stopped scratching at his action. She gaped as he raised his eye to hers again and smiled as if touching her— her , of all people, in all her mudblood know-it-all self— wasn't a big deal. "Would you help me with non-verbal spells?" Her heart sank at his question and she lowered her eyes to hid her disappointment even as she snatched her arm away from him again. "So that's why you're acting like this. You know, you Slytherins are so uncreative. You think I've never had people act nice to me before just so they could copy my homework or get my notes? Just get out—" "No, that's not what I want from you at all." Hermione stilled at his words. Something about his tone. She turned her narrowed eyes on him and he flicked his gaze up to her and there was something deeper in his gaze, harder and stronger than the lightness she saw in them before. "Yeah, right." She rolled her eyes as a way to break the intensity she felt from him. "I'll prove it to you." She pursed her lips. "And how will you do that?" He smiled again but not like he had before. This smile…she didn't know how to describe it. "I'll just have to be your friend for the rest of our lives. Here, I'll even vow it." Hermione blanched at him as he suddenly leaned away, his chair precariously balancing on the back two legs as he stretched his body out to grab his wand from the bed behind him. "Are you mad?" she couldn't help but ask. He laughed as he straighten his chair, holding his wand before her triumphantly. "A little." He threw a cheeky grin at her as Hermione's mind scrambled to make sense of this sudden whirlwind. "Just stop. I—" "Ah, ah, no. I said I'll prove it and I will." Harry stated seriously before he whirled his wand, making light golden sparks shoot out from the tip. "Harry Potter, don—" "I, Harry James Potter do solemnly swear on my magic to be be a one, Hermione, er…what is your middle name?" Harry asked. "Jean." she answered numbly as she watched him wide eyed, taking in the golden glow infusing his body. "Right. A one Hermione Jean Granger's friend until we both perish. There, all done." Silence reigned as she just stared into his proud face. He's insane. He's got to be insane. Who swears on their magic to be friends with someone they barely even know? And then suddenly…suddenly magic happened and she opened her mouth to let out a laugh that came from her belly, shaking her entire frame. She felt a hand, warm and big, the warmest and kindest hand she's ever seen, holding her own and his laughter too bloomed around them, filling her ears, filing her heart, maybe even her soul. The corridors were filled with people all out from the last class of the day. Harry weaved through them, getting a few looks as he went as he past the Great Hall doors and made his way to the hospital wing. Upon his entrance a head of frizzy lose curls snapped to his direction, the rest of the body scrambled to get into an upright position. "Hermione," he said around a chuckle as he watched her pat down her hair. "Harry!" she breathed out as he came to her bed, snatching a chair on the way and plopping down. "I didn't realize you were coming straight after class." "I told you at lunch that I was coming for dinner. I couldn't stand the thought of you eating a meal alone. As your… friend , I won't allow it." Harry smirked at the pink that tinged her cheeks at the word, friend. So cute! She frowned and looked away and Harry couldn't help but think that the crinkles between her brows were adorable and he felt an urge to sooth them away with his fingers. "Are you hungry?" he asked and immediately her frown went away and she looked at him again. "Yes, I suppose I could eat." He smiled at her before he called his personal house elf that followed him to Hogwarts. "Dobby!" Immediately Dobby popped into the room, head bowed. "Harry Potter called?" He watched Hermione as she watched his elf, a frown now on her mouth. He abruptly recalled last night and the way she had looked laughing. "Yes, Dobby. Can we both get dinner here?" he asked, shaking his thoughts away. "Dobby would be happy to bring Harry Potter and his friend their dinners, sir!" With another pop the elf was gone. Hermione looked at him and this time he thought he could see some displeasure in her eyes. "Don't worry. Dobby is technically a free elf. We pay him to serve us but he is free to stop whenever he would like." She looked away as she mulled over his words and he could practically see the wheels turning in her head. "That's good, then. I've only heard of only a handful of wizards and witches who do that." "Yeah, its mostly the pureblood families that don't pay their house elves." Hermione blinked and gazed at him again. He liked that she always so looked at him so directly. "I thought you were a pureblood. You're friends are the purest of pure." Harry shrugged. "That wasn't on purpose, if that's what you're thinking. I've known Draco since I was nine years old and then Blaise and Theo kind of gravitated to us once we started Hogwarts…" He watched as Hermione fiddled with her covers, her face blank and controlled. He realized then that she must have felt uncomfortable about talking with his friends. "You won't ever have to be around them, if you don't want to. Just because you're my friend and they're my friends doesn't mean you have to put up with them." She shifted under his eyes and Harry couldn't stop himself from sitting on top of her bed to reach out