Herein are the collected letters and journals of the Erebor Dwarf, Hvaldi. As an assistant to any readers, a small primer has been prepared to detail the important personae present in the majority of these writings. Hvaldi Blackfeather - Author of these works and Dwarf of Erebor. Occasional scholar and warrior and extensive traveler. Baern - Prince of the Northern folk, the ancient Leofrings who stayed behind when the Rohirim migrated. Charlothain "Charlotte" of Rhudaur - Tall, slim Dunedain originally sent to kill Prince Baern. She ended up befriending him and joining the companions. Joller Joffrey Greenhand - Hobbit of the Shire, brave, if occasionally foolish companion and excellent sneak and cook. Regelram "Reg" - Woodman Archer of great repute. Haunted by a family curse. Geerta Silverlake (Maiden: Blackfeather) - Hvaldi's sister and recipient of his letters. Here begins the tales of Hvaldi and his friends That's it! I'm leaving. -Hvaldi's First Journal Entry- That pebble-sucker of an apprentice Smith has broken my last bar of will to stay. Yet again he "forgot" to clean out the forges leaving heaping piles of ash and soot which upset the balance needed to forge good steel. Of course, I was blamed for this and of course I was ordered to work late to clean out the ash piles with no extra pay. All because my Clan name is Blackfeather. The fact that I was not slated to tend the forges that day was irrelevant. The fact that the swine of an apprentice was seen carousing in the ale houses and NOT tending to his duties, also ignored. Nope, Blackfeather means guilty. By the time I got home, the Clan houses were quiet. The watch was patrolling but not calling out the hours meaning I was well into the time I should have been sleeping. I was still roiling with anger and offense. This is not the first time, nor the tenth time nor even the hundredth time that I have had to suffer for my namesake's ill reputation. I made up my mind on the spot and began to gather my gear and possessions. There was an entire world out there where I was not the ever present and ever targeted "Villain." I began my long climb up from the depths, leaving a few notes for my friends and family. Precious few they are and I hope they will understand. I even promised my sister that I would write when I could. Partly to keep in touch and also to keep practicing my letters as she requested. She always wanted me to develop my mind and not end up another menial laborer, ground down by the hard work. The name and life of my Father hangs heavy over our family. My first surprise was the Sun. I reached the surface at daybreak and I was unprepared for the intensity of the light. I had heard it was bright up here and I had even seen it once or twice when I was a lad but I had forgotten just how painful that incandescent eye-spearing Sun was. I'm not proud to say but I gave credence to my detractors that morning when I stole a hooded cloak from a watch post before I set out on my way. I traveled as far as I could before exhaustion demanded that I bed down at about midday. I slept most of the day and a good portion of the night. I spent a few lazy hours going over what little I knew about the surface world before taking a final nap. The Sun again rose, and I with it. I stepped off into it's ever-so-slightly less painful light with a smile. My journey had begun and no one was there to ruin it and bemoan my standing as a Blackfeather. The whole World was out there to explore, people to meet and adventures to be had. The Letters and Journals of Hvaldi -A letter to Geerta- Dearest Geerta, I hope this letter finds you well. I am sorry I have not written in so long but it has been a very exciting and eventful year. When I left the Mountain I wandered around mostly reveling in my new-found freedom and exploring all of the lands around our home. I was lucky enough to meet all sorts of interesting folks and I even made a few friends. The people up here are very accepting and I still have not grown used to the novelty of hearing our surname pronounced without all of the scorn that we get inside the Mountain. I met a very interesting group of people about 8 months ago in circumstances you will most likely find humorous. In keeping with old habits, I made time where I could to visit every library and scroll rack I could find during my travels. The Great Library was one of the few places in the Mountain where I could pass the time, content to read with little interruption and no one constantly demanding to know if I'd stolen something or was going to cause trouble. Kinuuk and Tavdi were some of my closest friends and they made sure to direct me to the most interesting books and scrolls when they were working in the Library. So it should be no surprise that I befriended a fellow scholar up here during my travels. I met a rather large human named Baern, or more correctly, Prince Baern. He hails from a war ravaged land far to the west and his father, while technically a King, has no kingdom as of yet. They both seem determined to put this to rights though. The serendipitous part of our meeting though was discovering a fellow student of history and learning. I met Baern in a rather run down and ill-kept library. We were both perusing some of the older tomes on offer. I was looking into some of the happenings of the previous age when Baern asked me if he could borrow the tome I was using, to cross reference something about the Rohanni exodus. We got to talking and found we shared many interests. Things being what they are, a kindred soul is a delight to find while so far from home. I took up traveling with Baern and his companions more out of having something to do than for any particular gain or purpose. His group is a rather esoteric blend of Humans, a Hobbit and myself. I met his father and was delighted to find they had a rather large collection of documents, scrolls, books and ledgers. What they did not have was someone to curate them, index them and care for them. I spent the better part of four months putting their collection into some form of order all while the companions had all sorts of adventures and expeditions. I ask you now, not to worry for me, but I accompanied the companions on their last adventure. My time in the militia prepared me well for the rigors of any scuffles we may stumble into and the labors that drove me from the mountain left me in good stead for the hardships of travel and adventure so please, do not fret. Prince Baern had made it a point to begin researching a number of topics related to his father's previous kingdom and his lineage thanks to my organization of their books and scrolls. Before he began his delvings though he gave us a task. As an aside, I swear he looked almost as if he had gold-sickness looking at all of those books. The hunger for knowledge was plain to see in him. He charged Reg, Charlotte and myself to recover an item of some import to his lineage. It seems his family had possessed a Great-Axe of some repute in the misty reaches of the past. It had been lost for quite some time but recent events had brought to light it's location, deep in the wilder reaches of the Lone Lands. It seems it had been found by some of the more unsavory inhabitants of that area and needed rescuing. I set out to meet my companions at the Forsaken Inn. That particular place is well named. It seems as if it is perched upon the very precipice of the wild. There is almost no civilization beyond it and it is perched upon the last, tenuous road leading out into the reaches of the Lone Lands. My companions finally met me at the Inn and we spent the day resting and preparing for our journey to the ruined castle in the far north-east of the province. Charlotte is a rather abrasive Woman who is quick to take offense and seems to alternate between suspicion and fear. She is quite handy in a fight though and seems to know the paths and areas we trek across. Reg seems to be an odd fellow. Quiet and wood-wise, he seems to be tireless on the road. He could probably shame an Elf or two with that bow of his as well. What's more, he seems to talk to squirrels. They are small rodent like creatures, somewhat similar to rats but with inquisitive, talkative natures and big bushy tails. I would write it off as a minor illness of the mind but I swear to you, I saw one of the creatures throw an acorn at Charlottes head after Reg squeaked and skittered at it. She had been particularly petulant with Reg the past few hours. We managed to make our way to the ruins and sneak in and make our way out with a minimum of fuss. I saw a group of Wargs of some sort! They are quite large and noisy but they were penned up so no danger to us. Oh, and I suppose I should mention we did get in a bit of a scuffle here and there but nothing serious. Please do not worry Mother with any of this, I am perfectly fine. They did not even touch my shield much less harm me. We made our way from the ruins back to Rhosgobel in the very greatest of hurries. My feet ache like never before and I feel like every inch of me is battered and bruised from my armor and gear banging about. We even got to ride a boat on a river. That would have been very exciting had I not been exhausted from all of the running and traveling. I wish we could have slowed down as I yearn to see the lands I travel through, not keep my head down and push hard for time. No matter though, Baern and his friends, well I guess they are my friends now too, we are a fairly active bunch and I foresee many an adventure for me to write back to you about. Please pass along my love to Mother and tease Kinuuk and Tavdi a little bit letting them know the bewildering variety and quantity of books and scrolls I have managed to peruse up here. On a more somber note, please leave a token at Father's stone and pass along my greetings to our Brothers. With Love, Hvaldi P.S. I found a haft made of Everwood during our travels, can you imagine it? I had only heard hints and whispers of such material in the past. I'm going to fit my hammerhead to it when I get a chance. From what I've been told it will not break or tarnish and it is carved with all manner of scenes and Elf writing. It's fascinating! The Letters and Journals of Hvaldi: 2 -Another letter to Geerta- Dear Geerta, Please forgive the brevity of this letter. I'm hoping the fact that I am hand delivering it will help assuage any loss from such a short missive. Also, I hope you enjoy the landscape drawing of Rhostobel. It is a beautiful area and I know you've always enjoyed landscapes. Prince Baern sent