Disclaimer: Everything belongs to JKR! A wintry chill greeted Remus as he pushed open the door to the back garden with his shoulder, his hands occupied with wrapping his cloak tighter around his lanky frame. He ambled outside to join Sirius, who was leaning casually over a low wall. He, Sirius, and Peter had vacated the Potters' sitting room after a subtle hint from James indicated he'd like some time alone with his new wife. James and Lily's wedding had been nearly three months beforehand (as it was Christmas now), but, despite the war and everything else, they were still deep in the throes of their love, much to the amusement of the other Marauders. The sound of his shoes crunching the frozen grass alerted Sirius to his presence. He did not turn around, however, but continued to hunch over the small wall. "Where's Wormtail?" He asked, though he didn't sound as if he really cared to hear the answer. Just asking to say something and hopefully distract his friend from seeing that something was weighing heavy on his mind. Which, after seven odd years of friendship, didn't work very well. But, Remus was non-intrusive by nature and would leave Sirius to his thoughts as long as he wanted to keep them to himself. "Scavenging for some butterbeer," Moony replied, "he says if we're going to be standing out in the cold, we might as well be liquored up." Sirius laughed a little at the relayed comment as he reached into his jacket pocket. His frozen fingers fumbled a little with the pack of Muggle cigarettes he kept there, but he eventually wrestled one out before offering the pack to Remus. He took one eagerly. Lily wouldn't let them smoke in the house, or near the house, or anywhere near her actually as she was liable to pull the cigarette from one's mouth, toss the pack into the bin, or at least lecture the two of them on the slow, painful deaths smoking would cause them. While he appreciated Lily's efforts to save them, as a werewolf, Remus could pretty much count on a slow, painful death anyway, and, therefore, the argument didn't really work on him. Sirius, he supposed, just liked to be contrary. After all, he barely looked like a wizard, standing out there in his Muggle jeans and jacket, lighting his Muggle cigarette with a Muggle lighter—all part of his rebellion. Sirius tossed the lighter to Remus who caught it easily and lit his own cigarette. Sirius let out a drag and as the swirling tendrils of smoke left his mouth, said, "What do you think the chances are of us making it out of this thing in one piece?" "Mmmm," Remus mumbled, a little surprised by the question. He finished lighting the cigarette, and removing the viceful thing from his mouth, said with a hint of joking, "slim to none." Sirius snorted. Remus, deep in thought, turned so that his back leaned against the wall and he was looking at the back of the Potters' house. "I think," he began slowly, struggling with the right words to articulate this awful war they were fighting, "I think there is chance we might survive this." Sirius gave him a disbelieving look. They'd only been out of Hogwarts less than a year, and already they had seen numerous, unfathomable atrocities and deaths. "A small chance," Remus clarified, before continuing, "but as for making it out of this war as a…whole person, I don't think its possible." Sirius was quiet as he pondered Moony's words. "I don't think I've ever been whole," he finally added quietly. Remus was glad he was facing the other direction, and Sirius couldn't see the surprise that swept over his face. It was unusual for Padfoot to ever ponder seriously on human nature or whatever you wanted to call it, at least out loud. Remus quietly studied his friend from the corner of his eye. "Me neither," he said, causing Sirius to turn towards him, "but don't you think that they are?" He nodded towards the back window of the house, where the shadowy figures of two people could be seen embracing near the Christmas tree. Sirius laughed as he turned to look at the scene, a smile breaking over his face and amplifying his handsome features. "What is that they are doing anyway?" He asked, peering intently at the window. "I don't know…" Remus responded, craning his neck to get a better look. "Are they…are they dancing?" Sirius asked, laughing again. "They are!" Called the voice of Peter as he trudged across the lawn, carrying a case of butterbeer with him. Sirius and Remus cheered his approach. "You're my Christmas angel, Pete!" Sirius cried gleefully, slapping Wormtail on the shoulder and grabbing a bottle. The sound of the tops being taken off the bottles echoed through the winter air, as the three friends stood around drinking and joking, the war fading further into the recesses of their minds with every sip. It was Christmas, after all. And they, for all intents and purposes, were family. ~Line Break~ "Who's there?" "It's me, Peter Pettigrew, also known as Wormtail, an Animagus who becomes a rat when I transform." It was a rare night-in for the Marauders, Lily, and the recent addition, Harry. Lily had insisted upon this small get together for the sake of a stir-crazy James. As soon as she answered the door, however, it became apparent that hiding didn't suit her better than it did her husband; she just seemed a little too enthusiastic in her greeting for Peter's comfort. "Peter," she cried, ushering him into the house and hugging him before turning to secure the door. Sirius, Remus, and James were already in the sitting room, shuffling several decks of Exploding Snap from where they sat on the floor around the coffee table, laughing raucously with a bottle of firewhiskey already half gone. "Isn't it nice to all be together again?" Lily said from beside Peter. Having forgotten her presence, Peter jumped a little and turned to look at her. Lily was observing the scene before her with a fondness she had never shown in school when gazing upon similar scenes. Peter chuckled. "What?" Lily inquired. "Nothing, just that there was a time when you wouldn't have encouraged such behavior." Lily laughed out loud, a bright tinkling sound that reverberated around the entire room and called the others' attention to the pair by the door. James' wide grin grew bigger, apparently happy to see his wife happy. "Oi, Wormtail," Sirius called, "come over here and have a drink." Peter saw a chance to put his plan into action. "You know, Lily—why don't you have a drink? I'll stay sober and make sure nothing gets out of hand." "No, I couldn't…really." "Lily," Peter said, hoping he sounded gracious as he tried to imitate Remus' mild-manners, "James isn't the only one who needs some fun." She seemed to contemplate this for a moment before a smile formed on her face, highlighting her beautiful features. She walked over to the trio and settled in next to James, snuggling close to his side. "All right, Lils!" Sirius whooped excitedly, conjuring her a crystal glass and pouring her some firewhiskey. Lily took it and sipped timidly. "A toast," Remus declared, lifting his glass, "to being alive." "And to being with friends," Peter piped up. "To being with family," Lily corrected gently, her green eyes full of affection as she looked around at her guests. Peter thought that she really needed to get out more. James beamed at her. "To being married—" "To the girl of your dreams," Remus and Sirius finished in unison with a groan. Even Lily playfully hit her husband in the face with a throw pillow. "I mean, it really is rather pathetic, mate." Sirius said after downing his whiskey. "Sickening," Remus joined, taking a sip of his own drink before deciding to down it. Peter watched his friends closely. Remus and Sirius would always be the ones to drink a little too much. Peter knew that the Black family legacy still haunted Padfoot and that, no matter how calm, cool, and collected Remus seemed, the wolf was always lurking in the back of Moony's mind. He knew that each of them was trying to drown the darkness that lay within them with alcohol, a darkness that James and Lily seemed blessedly without. James and Lily were bastions of hope, lighthouses to ships on a stormy sea. They were warriors, scrupulous in their tactics as they stood for the light. Their love was legendary; they would lay down their lives for their son or each other without a second's hesitation. They'd do anything for each other, except kill. James and Lily. The darkness may surround them, at times overwhelm them, and, if all went according to Peter's plan, the darkness would eventually crush them. But, darkness would never consume them. They'd continue to shine, bringing hope to those who knew them, until he could deliver them to the Dark Lord. Remus and Sirius were not so pure. Peter knew this as well as he knew those things about the Potters. Peter was quite certain that when James and Lily were murdered, Moony and Padfoot would hunt down the responsible party and rip them limb from limb, their loyalty mixing with their rage and inner demons like mud, blood, and sweat on a battlefield. That was why it would be so brilliant if he could get them to turn on each other, turn their fierce loyalty into a liability and watch them take themselves down while simple-minded Wormtail rose to power at the side of the Dark Lord. It would be so easy, too; Sirius and Remus's friendship had always been the weakest in a very strong chain. Still, Peter shuddered at the thought of what would happen to him if the other two caught onto his scheme. Sirius continued his teasing as he refilled everyone's glass. "I know that line worked well at the wedding and all…" "Oh, just shut it," James cried in mock fury. "Er, yes," Remus said, downing his drink and forgoing sipping altogether this round, "I propose another toast to, um, espousal?" To power, Peter thought. "To procreation?" Sirius added, suggestively raising an eyebrow. To protection. "To Harry!" Remus cried enthusiastically easily picking up on the proud godfather's hint. He raised his third glass of whiskey high into the air. "To Harry!" Everyone joined happily and loudly, finally clinking their glasses together. To prophecy. Right on cue, a baby cried from upstairs causing Lily, James and Sirius to jump up immediately. Sirius and James raced for the staircase in the foyer, slipping on the hardwood floor in their socks; Lily followed at a relaxed pace behind them and beat them both to Harry when they got distracted by their mock wrestling match. Remus laughed at their antics, and stood, stretching, as the others went upstairs to fetch the baby. Peter decided to start with Remus. Cerebral and talented though he was, his condition made him self-conscious. Some part of Remus, perhaps only a small part, but a part of him nonetheless could not believe that anyone who knew him for what he truly was, a monster, could actually like him. And he did so like to be liked. Peter watched as his old friend walked languidly over to a bookshelf, and couldn't help but be a tinge jealous of his height. It seemed as though all of his friends had grown since leaving Hogwarts, filling out some with pride and a sense of purpose. Everyone except himself, it seemed, and Peter wallowed in his self-pity. A part of him hated his friends for always being so superior to him—for being taller, too. He resented all three of them for being better looking, cleverer, and more powerful than him. He didn't realize how much he did until he started working for the