-Chapter One- In Potter's Shoes "When Death beckons at your door Conceive the anguish of the mind As you quit this beloved terrene, And leave all earthly things behind (1) For all of it shall be sharply missed." I am worth Jade, The ultimate Dream Stone. Drift into the Spiritual World. -X- (1) Inspired by Robert Francis Astrop's poem in Original Poems, on a Variety of Subjects, Interspersed with Tales Slightly modified. Recurring dreams made him life hell. They were the sole reason why he remembered. The Dursleys never understood the transition. To them, his behaviour inexplicably changed at the age of four and that was it. Foolishly, they wrote it off as another facet of his magical heritage. His freakishness , dare he call it. It was, however, so much… more. His name was not Harry Potter and he certainly did not live with his wretched Muggle family! He was not. He couldn't be. The sheer ridiculousness of this stupidly elaborate sham still made him want to rage and laugh hysterically at times. There were too many things wrong with this picture for him to begin to take note of. For starters, he had perished. The one wizard known as Salazar Slytherin had passed away a long time ago, in an isolated island, unwanted and alone. And yet… And yet, he found himself skipping centuries ahead, to a whole new life under the name of Harry James Potter. Another life… Another body... It could only be reincarnation. Bollocks! Salazar didn't want it. Any of it. He was but a child. Clearly, for reasons that should remain obvious, he shouldn't be a bloody child! Salazar had been a babe once—a lifetime ago! He'd been an infant. But he'd also grown up to be an adult! And like many others, he had been willing to go when his time had come! Another life? Injustice for the jaded souls. Some perverse version of limbo imposed on him. Honestly? Reincarnation wouldn't have been this bad if he didn't have any recollection of his past life. Why, his latest memory was of him. Letting. Himself. Go! He recalled not wanting to live anymore! It couldn't get more perturbing than that! This body was useless! Too fragile, too short, too uncoordinated to be of any use! Perpetually unrelenting, his instincts never stopped screaming at him of the wrongness of his very existence. The sensation of coming to his senses, of suddenly remembering everything you had been but now wasn't could only be described like being forcefully crammed into a teeny, tiny box. There was no space to move or breathe in, whatsoever. The shoe—the body—didn't fit him and that was that. Pathetic, wasn't it? How someone can be reduced to tears just by existing. Salazar had it tough. The transition was very hard for him. Very hard, indeed. And it was so very hard not to allow himself let go. To give up and just— why not end it? Was there any point in continuing? Yes? No? Which one? Depression- -despairconfusionlongingsorrowanger- The worst thing was... He knew he was whining. Salazar knew he should just accept this as his new reality, and he couldn't deny that it wasn't, but he really couldn't. Not when everything was so raw and fresh in his mind. It was a questionable cycle he had to live through, this depression of his. Miserable and pitiful. With lots of self-doubts and no morale to speak of. Unheard of in a four year old. Not so out of place with an old withered soul. Was this divine punishment? Salazar often wondered. Why would anyone offer a new start to someone who clearly didn't want it? Hadn't the Fates heard his laments concerning his past deeds in his deathbed? Hadn't he sworn off the Dark Magics forever? Abandoned any circles that supported senseless killings? Salazar Slytherin had begged for forgiveness months before he could become a rotting corpse. Dismissing the fact that there wasn't anybody around who could hear the desperate cries of a foolish man… they must have counted for something! But he was not given his eternal rest. Apparently, he wasn't even worthy of any semblance of peace! The blissful oblivion he yearned for continued to evade him. Like a mirage mocking a man dying of thirst. The Fates were clearly at fault here, and their lacking sense of humour being their only excuse for his suffering. For he was Harry Potter. And he was only a boy, who the Dursleys treated like a servant—who was the laughingstock of the whole neighbourhood—who was a bloody nobody that no one would ever care for. Except for the chores. Oh, how could he forget about those! It was the chores what was important to little Harry and the sole reason why people noticed him at all! (The reason why he existed.) Petunia especially liked it when he watered her flowers. Never too little, never too dry… She commanded absolute perfection for her garden to outshine her competition. Perhaps predictably, not a single thanks was uttered for all the hard work Harry had done for her. And for his part, Vernon liked it when he was tormenting his nephew into making them breakfast. The more to eat, the better. Their pigsty of a son... Dudley just took great pleasure in watching him getting bossed around and the boy would break out in a smug grin every time Harry Potter cried out in pain, reason be damned. Yes, that was his family. Those Dursleys, who didn't care for him and would rather have him dead than be happy. But Salazar had another word for them: Muggle. Muggles were angry and angsty creatures, fearful of the strangers who dealt with the mystical aspect of life. Muggles were people, but just as inhumane as ever and always seen foolishly charging ahead in vain battles of ego and carnage— Dursleys. Muggles. They intermingled until the terms were almost synonymous. He'd seen the way they'd look at him. He'd been on the receiving end of such stares—from birth, for all he knew, in both lives. Gradually, slowly, like larvae that kept growing and seeping poison into his mind, a storm of emotions started festering inside his psyche and he couldn't put a stop to it in time. Before he could do anything, he was far too gone in his depression to actually want to try anything. They were just like them. Everything came to a head when Salazar wouldn't stand for it anymore. Harry may have not known better, but he— he wasn't JUST Harry, now was he? And what Harry had felt, had seen, had lived until the moment of his very awakening, made him seethe. After all, he'd been Harry Potter. He'd lived as him. Just as mistreated and ashamed of his fate. Anger. Memories piling up and feeding the blazing pyre. He remembered clearly, agonizingly, how Petunia got into the hobby of smacking him around with a frying pan and bonked him repeatedly on the head—he remembered himself sleeping in a small cupboard, the spiders and their ilk, his only companions—he remembered how, at three only, he was only given the leftovers he'd cooked for them after getting his hands burned with the boiling water! He'd been gifted no toys and received no affection from them. Utter, utter disdain of his needs—what was someone supposed to think with memories like that?! What kind of mockery was this? Salazar Slytherin, a Muggle's slave? Sod that! He was above this. He was better than this! He'd crush them. No mercy. None at all, he swore. That, he did. Salazar hurt them as much as he remembered hurting and didn't stop himself there. And as his insecurities grew and mingled with the child's thoughts and memories, his emotions shattered any lingering trace of self-control left in him. The end result had his temper rearing up with a rather explosive comeback. The founder lashed out and they'd lived, but just barely. But it isn't enough, is it? The Dursleys looked as though they'd unleashed a monster upon themselves when he was finished with them. Vernon's spine was snapped in half and more, Dudley's face was melting, as was the rest of his fattened body, and his aunt was screeching from the top of her lungs for mercy as she swelled with a foal in her womb. He looked at the fear in those eyes. No, it isn't. Rinse and repeat. He had his toys now, but they were too broken to be of any use. So he erased the foal, restored Dudley and healed Vernon. He would later rid them of their memories so they could function like normal human beings and not tell anyone of the horrors he was capable of. Until the next lesson began, that is. "Again." His voice was grim, but the bloodthirsty glint of his eyes told them another story. He would teach them the error in their ways even if he had to descend to their level. He would beat the fear into their subconscious if it came to that. For the longest while, Salazar was mere husk of the man he'd been. People were always walking on eggshells around him, even the neighbours. He was constantly snapping at everyone and everything and nobody was safe from his wrath. Even the most irrational things set him off. Like Mrs Figg's little pack of furry monsters, just staring at him hours and hours on end like the creepy creatures they were; sometimes even creeping behind his back in order to follow him everywhere he went. Or the distant mutterings he could hear in the neighbourhood, always disapproving and wary of him, the freak. And the Dursleys. Oh, the Dursleys…! Needless to say, his dear family had paid greatly for their lack of tack. It was just so easy. Taking his anger out on them was too frighteningly easy. No regret. No guilt creeping into his heart when he took his frustrations out on them after they had made a mockery of him. Of Harry Potter. Salazar always put a lot of care into demonstrating just how utterly powerless they were against him, only to see them cling to whatever remained of their pride. "Take out the trash, boy!" Their beds stank for weeks, no matter how much they chose to wash the sheets and mattresses. Incidentally, Vernon recalled having eaten two bananas for desert that day. "Get into the cupboard, freak!" Cockroaches slinked into the house, popped up from the most unexpected places. Dear Aunt Petunia's shriek when she discovered some moving in her hair was the most beautiful sound he'd ever heard in this pathetic half-life. "No! They're mine! You can't play with them!" Toys deserted Dudley like the possessed vessels they were; the puppeteer orchestrating their break outs never really cared for them and allowed them to disappear without a trace. Petty revenge wasn't above him. Schemes were fluent in his blood. Forgive and forget wasn't him at all. Episodes like Uncle Vernon dangling out in the backyard like a broken mannequin stuck on the bark of a tree, with only the crack of his arse as his only support, or Dudley having explosive accidents in the bathroom because the pipes broke each time he sat down to relieve himself, were common occurrences in the house. And those were the pranks. Of course, the inevitable happened. The neighbours talked and speculated about the mystery behind the various incidents surrounding that strange family living in Number Four. The Dursley's reputation was razed to the ground over and over again, only to magically repair itself again the next morning. Time reset and the day began anew; ordinary, like any other. Common folk couldn't remember any of Salazar's less than mundane exploits, but of course his victims always did. They resented him for it. He resented them back. They were little more than mice to his cat. They'd grown to be amazingly resilient and Salazar enjoyed