A/N: This is written for themes 51-75 of the Hunger Games 100 theme challenge. Each chapter is one of the themes. It's going to have a somewhat similar format to my earlier story called Life Lessons in that it's mostly episodic yet is also chronological. However, I think this story also has more of an overarching story than Life Lessons has and stands together more as one story as opposed to a series of one-shots that Life Lessons could be taken as. This story could also fit in as a prequel to Life Lessons, but it doesn't have to be. Knowledge of one story isn't at all necessary to read either one. " Sometimes you're doing really well, then, after three or four years, everything inexplicably crashes like a house of cards and you have to rebuild it. It's not like you get to a point where you're all right for the rest of your life." - Patti Smith " There is one consolation in being sick; and that is the possibility that you may recover to a better state than you were ever in before." - Henry David Thoreau Chapter 1: Gone " True love doesn't happen right away; it's an ever-growing process. It develops after you've gone through many ups and downs, when you've suffered together, cried together, laughed together." - Ricardo Montalban The sun was shining again. Peeta wasn't sure when he had decided to take a mental catalogue of the weather each day, but at some point he had realized that rain hadn't fallen since he'd been back in District 12. He tried to think back to what the weather was usually like at this time of year, but he was met with the fog that was all too familiar these days. He pushed the thoughts away. He had more important memories to clear than weather. With so little of an idea on what he had done with his time, Peeta had more or less been going off of what others told him about his past. That meant a lot of baking and painting. Planting the primroses yesterday had been his own idea though, and that had resulted in actually getting to spend time with Katniss. After that, Peeta had resolved to stop worrying about what he was supposed to like doing and just do what he wanted to do. That proved easier said than done he was discovering. The sun was inching closer and closer to the highest point in the sky, and Peeta hadn't yet gotten up from his kitchen table after breakfast. He knew what he wanted. He wanted to see Katniss again. He just didn't know how to achieve that. Bake her some bread and bring it over? He wouldn't see her until late that afternoon when the bread finally cooled. Paint her a picture? Who knew how long it would take for him to actually be happy with one, and she'd probably think he was crazy. Except he was crazy. Katniss was crazy. Haymitch was crazy. They were all crazy, and Peeta was sick of it. He just wanted the fog to go away. Movement outside his window caught Peeta's eye, and he jumped up to see what was going on. Katniss. She was walking through Peeta's backyard dressed in what Peeta could vaguely recall as the clothes she'd often worn in the past, but it was the first time he'd seen her in them since the hijacking. He saw the bow in her hands, and he figured she must be heading off to the woods. He just didn't know why she was sneaking around behind their houses instead of using the street. Some habits must die hard. Unless they were taken from you. Peeta sighed as he finally stood and carried his empty plate over to the sink. He didn't know much about hunting, but he figured Katniss would be gone most of the day. He began absent-mindedly scrubbing at the plate as his thoughts wandered. He should be happy for her. As far as Peeta was aware, this was the second day in a row she'd gone hunting, a first since they returned to District 12. A return to routine might have been good for her. It could help her clear her head. She didn't seem to be avoiding him, at least not purposefully. Yesterday hadn't gone over completely like Peeta had hoped, but Katniss had let him plant the primroses. They hadn't really spoken, but Katniss had seemed more surprised than turned off my his presence. Katniss had looked at the primroses with such a strong surge of emotion before scurrying back inside her house, but from what Peeta could remember, Katniss had always kind of been like that. If anything, his and Katniss's interaction was just about the only thing that could explain her sudden desire to hunt again. Maybe Peeta should have been proud of himself. Instead, he just felt lonely. Peeta looked down at the plate to see that any remnants of food had long since disappeared under the steady stream of water. The rag slipped from his fingers back into the sink, and he let the dish clang down onto the rack meant for drying. He thought momentarily that he could go see Haymitch, but he immediately thought better of it. Visiting Haymitch had been the first thing he'd done upon reaching District 12, and he was willing to wait a bit longer to repeat the experience. His old mentor would come out of his drunken stupor once his alcohol ran out, and Peeta would be there when he did. With lack of anything else to do, Peeta left the kitchen for the living room that had become his makeshift art studio. Easels holding up half-painted canvases littered the room. Peeta had been surprised how quickly painting had come back to him. Maybe he had an innate talent or maybe it was just a memory that the Capitol hadn't bothered to take. Either way, he handled the brush and paints the same way he always had. Yet he still hadn't managed to get more than halfway done with a single painting. Images came to him. Horrible ones that he wanted to get out, but the fog always encroached. He could never see them clearly enough to accurately depict them, so he'd always move onto the next one hoping for a better result. Peeta laid one of the older attempts down on the sofa and replaced it with a clean canvas. He hadn't had a plan before picking up the brush, but as soon as it was in his hands, he was dipping the utensil in paint. The brush was already creating strokes across the canvas when Peeta realized what it was he was painting: Katniss's house. Or rather, the small plot of dirt beside it. The one with the primroses. Peeta didn't notice as the sun moved across the sky. He was far too wrapped up in his art. The scenery would have been recognizable to anyone now, and he was just beginning to add Katniss into the scene when it suddenly hit him that it was getting harder to distinguish the colors. He glanced around to take in his darkened surroundings. The jolt of being pulled from his own mind made him pick up on the growling of his stomach. He laid the brush down and took in what he could see of the painting. The primroses stood out to him, even in the darkness. Peeta tried to recall his memories of Prim, but he could just barely see her through the fog. He glanced toward another canvas across the room where he could just make out the form of a young girl, the color of her hair similar to that of the flowers Peeta had painted just that day. A knock on his door startled Peeta, and his brush hit the floor, leaving a streak of light tan on the wood. XXX Katniss remembered the days when she welcomed the morning sun coming through her bedroom window. It was much better than those nasty alarm clocks she knew some used. There was no sense in wasting daylight and not waking up with the sun. Now, however, she longed for an escape from the intense light. It had been like this since she'd been back: Katniss burrowing deep in her sheets to escape the day every morning, too scared to seek refuge in one of the other two bedrooms, which had windows facing the other side of the house. The doors to those had remained firmly latched shut since Katniss's return to District 12. Her mother hadn't contacted her since they parted ways in the Capitol, so Katniss figured she didn't want anything she'd left behind. Prim's room had taken on a shrine-like quality in Katniss's mind. One that was far too holy for Katniss to enter. She was too dirty and unworthy to be in that space, so she stayed out. It was better that way. A groan broke the oppressive silence that had been marking her days, and Katniss was only vaguely aware that it was her own. She threw the covers back suddenly, tired of the sweltering body heat that had collected around her through the night. She glared at the window, feeling the need to project her anger at something. At first she could see nothing but a glare of light, but soon her eyes adjusted to take in the clear blue sky. It was too pretty. She didn't want to sit up and get a better view. Standing from the bed, Katniss kept her back firmly towards the window. She made her way downstairs wearing the same clothes she'd been in yesterday. Even after her impromptu hunting trip yesterday, Katniss still didn't have the motivation to change regularly. Katniss knew what she would find in the cupboards as she pulled them open. The heel of a loaf of bread sat in plain sight. The only food left in the house. Greasy Sae was sure to bring some with her on her next trip, but Katniss finally felt like maybe she should start functioning well enough to feel herself. She thought of the bow and sheath of arrows laying in her front closet. Even with yesterday's failure of a hunting trip, Katniss hadn't strung her bow since she'd been back, hadn't shot an arrow since the one that had pierced Alma Coin. She also hadn't had any meat that wasn't bought from District 10 and offered from Greasy Sae. Meat from District 10 wasn't as limited now as in the past from what Katniss had heard, but Katniss wondered how much money it was costing. By the time she had finished her breakfast of bread, Katniss had made up her mind. She grabbed the bow and arrows from the hall closet, ignoring the way her hands shook as they held them. There was still no use for bathing or a change of clothes, but Katniss pulled on her boots for the second time in less than twenty-four hours. It momentarily dazed her when she stood, still not used to the slight change in her height after so many days of hardly standing at all. She was out her back door and halfway across Peeta's yard before she realized that she could have gone through town. Katniss prefered the seclusion though, and she continued traveling along the outskirts until she reached the familiar gap in the fence. A furtive glance shot out of habit showed her that she was still completely alone as she slipped out of District 12 and into the woods. Several feet into the forest, Katniss paused and shut her eyes to take in the familiar sounds that surrounded her. It felt like it had been so long since she'd been in any forest, let alone this one. She figured the surroundings should have brought back horrible memories of her games or struggling for survival with Gale,