Title: to the monster who didn't succeed Summary: Accidentally stumbling upon the conclusion that the Cullen's were vampires was—in all honesty—too easy. Even if Lisette wasn't /actually/ serious when she accused them of being vampires. The werewolves Lisette didn't see coming. Because Forks sucked that way. [OC. WLW. Crackfic asf.] Rating: T Disclaimer: Disclaimed. Warnings: There's a lot of swearing. Also, Lisette is a lesbian. She thinks lesbian thoughts. It's rad. Notes: I'm not taking this seriously at all tbh. NOTHING about this is serious. Nothing. I found this in my wip folder and I'm so bored that I fixed it up a little bit and am now posting it. Why do I have so many Twilight fics on the back burner? I haven't even read the books. Peace. . 01. to the monster who didn't succeed the one where Liz needs to be introduced to a brain-to-mouth filter … F orks was a lifeless, miserable, cold, rainy, soul-sucking blip of a town. That's probably why when Jessica asked, "So, how are you two liking Forks so far?" in her cheery voice, Lisette replied in an airy voice: "This place sucks." Jessica's smile faltered. "Uh, what?" She giggled. Offendedly. Offensively? Either way, it was a very offended giggle, "It can't be all bad. There has to be something you enjoy — " "Not really." Lisette said tiredly. It had been a pretty majorly boring day, and after spending all her life in Arizona by this point she could be considered solar-powered. She was pretty sure Forks considered the sun a myth, judging by the constant cloud coverage they get. As soon as she was back at Charlie's, she planned on passing out on her bed until dinner, which, knowing her father, was going to be some sort of grilled red meat in front of the television. Jessica's smile twitched again. "You don't think the people are okay, at least?" "Volleyball was okay?" " Volleyball was — well, I'm glad you liked something about Forks. Even if it isn't — " Bella cleared her throat uncomfortably, smothering her smirk with her fist, and nodded her head in the direction of the doors. "Who are they?" A pale-skinned clique of god-like teenagers were gliding through them, faces blank and indifferent to the sudden influx of eyes watching them. It was all rather dramatic. Lisette could see only one member of the clique who didn't have someone on his arm. The youngest one, perhaps, and the broodiest too, maybe, judging by the look on his face. Ugh. No thank you, thought Lisette, turning away from that guy. He was definitely pretty but lots of people were pretty without having a dark cloud hanging over their heads like that. Even the curly-haired blond with the wide eyes and the 'Help! I'm in pain!' expression on his face felt happier than Mr. Lonely. That had to be saying something. Jessica was introducing them to Lisette and Bella; the Cullen-Hales, adopted siblings and all coupled up — sans, of course, Mr. Lonely, who was 'so out of everyone's league that we mere mortals aren't worthy to even look upon him let alone date him'. Yikes. There was Alice Cullen, a pixie-looking girl attached to the arm of 'Help! I'm in Pain!' man. looking as if that sweet disposition she carried around was her birthright. 'Help! I'm in Pain!'s name was Jasper Hale, and he was a complete weirdo who Jessica flat-out didn't like despite his casual handsomeness. The leggy blonde with the murder eyes was Jasper's sister, Rosalie, and she had a grinning bear of a boyfriend by the name of Emmett, who had biceps bigger than Lisette's head. The broody one Bella was shooting starry-eyed looks at was Edward. Lisette . . . didn't have much to say on the subject of Edward. Actually, she didn't have much to say on any of the Cullen-Hales. If she had to pick, she'd say Rosalie was the most attractive—it was either the legs on her or the 'don't-fuck-with-me' aura she gave off—but altogether, they were just too pale for her. Like, everyone in Forks was white as untouched snow, but the Cullen-Hales were freaky -white. Unusual-white. Supernaturally -white. It was unnerving. They didn't have red noses or cheeks from the cold and yet their lips were a pale purple. Jasper Hale rarely blinked or even breathed, and he sat like he had a pole up his ass like that didn't make his unsupported back uncomfortable at all. They had lunch that they didn't touch despite the long school day, and full cans of soda pushed to the side of their table, but their weight was average as if they didn't skip meals. Even Emmett Cullen didn't touch his food despite his large body-builder physique. It was weird. Totally, inexplicably strange. "What do you think about them?" Bella said lowly, words meant only for the two of them. "The Cullens?" Lisette clicked her tongue. "I'd put my life savings on them being vampires." Bella snorted and shoved Lisette's shoulder. "A simple 'I don't like them' would have sufficed." Yeah, sure, except Lisette was only half-kidding. She laughed at Bella and knocked their shoulders together again. Sagely, she said, "You say that now, but when they ambush you in a dark alley and eat you, then you will realize." "That's not funny," Bella said as she laughed, clearly finding it amusing at the very least. Liar. "God, Lizzy, you shouldn't go around accusing people of vampirism. What if it's an ancient family secret and you just outed them to the town? What if they're driven out by a mob because some vampire hunters are listening in to our conversation right now?" "Does this mob have torches and pitchforks?" "It's a mob, Lizzy. Of course they have torches and pitchforks." Bella looked aghast at the idea of a mob without torches and pitchforks. She carried on, dipping her voice lower in doom, "What if they're listening right now and decide to get rid of the nosy teen age girl for knowing their dark secret?" "This just in: Sheriff's Daughter Tragically Dies In Suspicious Home Invasion After Publicly Declaring Cullen Family Vampires . More at six." "I would mourn you at your funeral," Bella told her solemnly, "In my eulogy, I'd be sure to mention Skeletor. May you two finally be reunited in the afterlife." "I know you're just being a little shit but there isn't a day that goes by when my thoughts aren't plagued of that dog," Bella shrugged, "Well, I hated that dog. I know you loved it like it was your own child but, honestly, it was the best day of my life when it died." Lisette made an outraged noise that drew the attention of their lunch-mates. "Bella you godless heathen, how dare you ." "He slobbered everywhere! And peed where he didn't! And, God, the stink that followed the damned thing around." "What are you two talking about?" Mike poked in to ask. Lisette huffed. "Old dog that peed on Bella a lot. She holds a grudge against good ol' Skeletor, may he rest in peace." "You named your dog Skeletor ?" Lisette refused to feel ashamed. "Bella named the cat He-Man." "It was fitting." Bella sniffed. "They were archenemies. What else was I supposed to call her?" "Whiskers?" Mike suggested. "Socks?" Eric followed up, looking mildly amused. "She-Ra." Said Ang…elica? Angelina? She… didn't talk much. "She-Ra isn't as important as He-Man," Bella responded instantly. "I had no choice but to name her He-Man. Destiny compelled me." "You could have always ignored destiny and decided to be normal," Jessica said primly. "Who even is He-Man, anyway? I've never heard of him." Now Bella looked awkward. "He's a, uh, the most powerful man in the universe." It was clear that wasn't ringing any bells in Jessica's head. "He's what? " "'By the power of Greyskull, I have the power'? Battle Cat? She-Ra? Is this really not sounding familiar to you at all?" Now Bella looked stricken. "How can you not…" She swallowed and shook her head, looking awkward in a way only Bella could. "Never mind, it isn't that important. It's just a show we used to watch when we were little." "Was it, like, a popular show?" "Er . . . no, not really. Barely anyone knows it. It isn't unusual that you haven't heard of it." "Oh. Oh! That's good. I really thought there was something missing but now that I know you guys are the odd ones out, I feel loads better." "Uh… that's great for you, Jessica." Bella shifted in her seat and turned to the rest of the people at the table. "So, how 'bout them Cullen's, huh?" Lisette burrowed her head into her hands and laughed. ... Lisette laid flat on her back with a pained look on her face as her twin sister sat beside her, ranting and raving about Edward fucking Cullen. "He's so rude, I can't believe he would do that — you should have seen the attitude he was giving me, Lisette, it was like I'd gone and murdered his family in their beds and didn't bother washing my hands before deciding to sit next to him—and it isn't even like I had a choice, sitting next to him, his was the only seat that wasn't taken, not that that's surprising anymore, if he acts like that with everyone who sits by him it's no wonder he's alone all the time. Oh, and did I mention how he blocked his nose when I say next to him? Like I reeked? He wasn't even trying to be subtle about it either he has no consideration towards other people's feelings and I'm sick of it, I won't be sitting next to him ever again—oh and another thing— " Oh, God. Another thing? There were still things left? How? Lisette sat up, dragged her hand down her face, and asked, "Do you want to go to the beach?" Bella grinded to a stop. "Forks has a beach ?" "Probably not a very good one? But it definitely has a pebbly shore beside the sea. So." "What, there isn't even sand? That isn't a beach. That's a poor imitation of a beach." "Probably cold there." "Where would the crabs be?" "You wouldn't be able to sun tan." "Beaches are for bikinis. Would I be able to wear a bikini there?" "No. It's going to be as miserable there as it is everywhere else. So, you coming?" Bella made a face. "Er, no thanks. Not on my life. Are you going?" "Since you're not?" Lisette asked for confirmation's sake. Bella frantically shook her head. Lisette rolled to her feet. "Then yes, I am going. I'm going wandering. I'm going to explore this dreary town and redecorate it into something habitable. I'm going to—" "Have I really been talking that much?" Trust Bella to understand why Lisette was running away. Lisette grinned a bit. "You really have. For the past hour, all I've heard is 'Edward this!' and 'Edward that!'. Bells, I don't care about this guy. He's pretty. He's rude. His diet most likely consists of human blood and children. That's all I want to know; nothing else bothers me." Bella nodded. "I get that. Sorry for, like, boring you, I guess." "It's okay, you needed to vent. But maybe before you come to me with this problem again, warn me so I can get my Gameboy out." "Fair." Bella nodded again, bottom lip sticking out as she pondered something. With an odd look on her face, she said, "You know, Edward has black eyes. Like, unusually black eyes, it was like—" " No." Lisette interrupted immediately. "I don't care if his eyes are molten gold or a shimmering blue like the ocean itself ," Bella raised a protest at the mention of 'that one time', but let Lisette continue, "We're not talking about this weirdo anymore. Yeah?" "But what if—"