Hello fans and welcome to my new story Falling Apart. This is a story of Isabella and Emmett. Rosalie and Emmett no longer care for each other and Emmett leaves for many, many years. He visits the Cullens when he cans and wants to. He is a different person now and has his eye on someone else. In this story, vampires sleep (since I like it that way). This is not set in any Twilight Saga stories. Edward never met Isabella, the Cullens are not in school, and you'll find out the rest in the story. Almost all characters belong to Stephanie Meyer! Enjoy! Emmett's POV Rosalie and I were sitting outside the house, arguing like we usually have been for the last three weeks. Everyone was getting tired of the fighting, really, but what could we do to stop it. She was selfish, rude, arrogant... selfish. It really pisses me off. Rosalie would only care for herself and no one else. She wouldn't really care that I would do the best to keep her happy. But she would counter act the things that I did. If I bought her something, she would say she didn't like it or she didn't want it, or it didn't fit her. There was a story for everything. Now we were sitting outside arguing about me. She was suggesting that I didn't love her anymore because I wasn't trying anymore. Which was true, I stopped trying to please her only because she was impossible to please. "Are you even listening to me?" she asked, annoyed. "Nope." I admitted. I wasn't going to hide it from her. And it was true, I wasn't listening to her. I was trying to ignore her. "Emmett!" She yelled. I stood up from my seat, no longer wanting to take this abuse anymore. "No, Rose. Just shut up for a while, will you? I'm tired of you. I've tried everything to keep you happy, but you know what, I can't. You are so hard to please. You're selfish, arrogant... You don't care about anymore other than yourself. And I'm done trying to keep you happy. I want to be happy also Rose. I'll be more happier when you leave me alone." I snapped and walked away. Rosalie was still sitting there, in complete shock. I looked at her when I hit the forest line, hiding behind the trees. She was still sitting there, looking where I left through the forest. Part of me felt bad that I had yelled at her and pointed out all her flaws. But another part of me didn't care. I shouldn't care. She has been rude to me for a very long time and I was tired of it. I was about to just leave until my conscience got the best of me and I walked back to her. I knew why Rosalie was the way she was. She didn't like this life she was living in. Even though she was grateful that Carlisle saved her she was still very... depressed. All she wanted was to be human, but that was making her very rude to everyone else. Everyone wanted to be human, but she really wanted to, mainly to have kids. When I showed up, she loved me, since I reminded her of a little boy she wanted. I had some sympathy for her. I did. She is my wife. And I love her, even though she is crazy as hell. I sat next to her, but didn't touch her. "Look, Rose. I didn't mean to say that as harsh as it came out. But, it's true. Rosalie I try my very best to keep you happy. I know what you want, humanity... a child. But that is something I cannot give you. Trust me Rose. If I was able to give you the chance for humanity or a child, you know that you would be the first person to go to... not even myself. It would be you. I want you happy Rosalie, because I love you. But you cannot just push me away or any one else." I said. "I want to try to keep you happy, but sometimes, I just can't keep doing that 24/7. I want to be happy as well Rose. And you need to think about others rather than yourself all the time. Hell, especially your husband. I've been with you for more than 90 years, almost going to 100 years. I don't ask much... but this, I don't want to keep continuing." I stopped the conversation right there and walked away, wanting to be alone. So I went hunting for awhile, then walked around the forest floor. Until I saw her... She was in the lake, completely naked. I sat down on a fallen tree trunk and watched her. For awhile, I thought she was human. But then I realized she would have freezed to death. Sometimes she would turn around and I would be able to see her face. She had a heart-shaped face, golden eyes, and a very curvy body. I know, I know. I'm married... But this woman... She was beautiful. Hell, I don't even care if I was married. I can observe women... The girl came out of the water, her back facing me. She had her clothes sitting on a tree trunk and quickly put them on. I stood up and stood behind a tree, moving around, watching her. The sun started to shine through the clouds and she turned her head straight in my direction. I kept quiet and didn't move. When I looked at her again, she wasn't there. I frowned and turned around. When I did, she was standing right there, glaring at me. I stepped back, defending myself, but also making sure she didn't attack me or see me as a threat. "What are you doing?" she asked. "Uh... n-nothing." I said. "Were you watching me?" She asked. "Uh..." She pursed her lips and scanned her eyes over my body. "Are you here to hurt me?" She asked. "No." I said. "Why were you watching me?" She asked. "It's very rude, don't you think." "Well, actually... I was passing... And..." "And?" She pressed. "Sorry." I said. "Are you alone? A nomad?" I didn't know this girl. I didn't know if I should trust her. "Yes. I'm alone." "Oh." She said. "You have golden eyes, so you're good. You can come with me, you know? Join my group. We're pretty good people. There's mostly girls though. There are some guys. We live in Shelton, Washington. It's in Washington, so it's not far. Do you live here... in Forks?" "Uh. Yeah I do. In an apartment." I said. "Oh. Do you want to come with us?" She asked again. "Umm... I'll think about it." I said. "I can get back to you on it. I'm... used to being alone." "I understand." She said. She gave me her number in my cellphone. Her name was Isabella. She had a pretty good clan, names that I would not remember if she told me them all today. After we greeted each other, we both returned back to our homes. Isabella was nice. She was intelligent, sweet, and quiet. And on top of that, she was beautiful and had a quick wit. She would make jokes on me when I said something stupid or I stuttered. We both would make jokes on each other, prank each other, battle against each other. She was quick, I'll give her that. We spent three hours together. I'll admit, I had some guilt in me for lying to her, but also completely forgetting about Rosalie. When Isabella and I said goodnight, I watched her run off into the distance until I couldn't see or hear her anymore. Then I turned around and ran home. Rosalie was sitting with Esme and Alice, cutting Alice's hair. "What are you doing?" I asked Rose. "I'm getting a hair cut." Alice said. "Jazz will love it." "Jazz will love anything you do." I said. Alice shrugged and her smile soon fell. I had a feeling that Rosalie and I would be arguing again later since she frowned. I sat next to Rose, not saying anything to her. Esme was looking through a home decor magazine. She wanted to build a new house. We've only been in Forks for two years. But Esme wanted something else rather than Forks. Maybe a new town. After Rose finished cutting Alice's hair, which I admitted that it was nice, we walked upstairs so we could talk. For five minutes, she really didn't say anything. I didn't want to be the one to start the conversation, considering that I always started it. "I'm sorry." She said. "Rose. I know you're sorry. But I have to ask this, do you even love me?" I asked. "Do you truly 100% love me?" I asked. She looked down and played with her fingers. "I don't know..." She whispered. I nodded and looked down. "I think we should get a divorce." She nodded and took off her ring. She handed me the ring and had tears in her eyes. Tears that would never fall. I took the ring and took off my ring. "Maybe things could change." She said. "Maybe we just need to split apart... for a while." "Maybe." I said. "You take the room tonight, I'll sleep somewhere else." "Thanks." She whispered. I kissed her forehead for the last time and walked out of the room. I didn't want to talk to anyone, or see anyone, so I walked with my head down and stepped outside. Esme wanted to talk to me, but Edward stopped her, saying that I wanted to be alone for a while. The others kept quiet about the divorce. I didn't think about what happened today, I just sat there, thinking about how it would be like now that we weren't going to be together. Then I thought about moving out my clothes tomorrow, then I thought about moving out. When I did, Alice came out of the house, very upset. "What?" I asked her. "You're leaving." She stated. I looked at the forest, not wanting to continue this conversation. I guess I was leaving. "Where are you going? I see you with others, but I can't put a face to them. You check in time from time..." "I don't know Alice. I just want to go out for a while." I said. I stood up and walked over to her. "But I'm not going to disappear for a long time. I promise." I kissed Alice's forehead and hugged her. Even if not many people knew it, Alice and I were very tight with each other. She's my little sister. "I'll talk to the others before I'll leave." I said. She nodded and walked back inside. I decided that I would go live with Isabella's clan for a while, see how that would work out. I dialed her number, walked out to the forest so no one could hear me, and waited for her to answer. "Hello?" she answered. "I'll take that offer now." I said. I could hear a smile in her voice when she was telling me where to go. Before we ended the conversation, she was telling me that I would love it with her clan. That's what I was hoping for. We would see each other tomorrow, to get myself settled in and talk to the others. When I walked back to the house, I knew it was time to tell the others that I was officially leaving. I told them I didn't know when I would be coming back, or when I would drop by to visit. I only told them that I would be traveling around with some people I met, just wanting to be around a change of atmosphere. Rosalie was sitting on the steps, looking down to the floor. Edward had texted me saying she felt