AN: I'm sorry for what will probably more SPaG errors than usual. I have no beta for this story. Amos Diggory held in his arms a baby girl. She was about a year old with tufts of auburn hair, freckles and hazel eyes. Holding her gently, he rocked her and smiled. She cooed back at his caring face and giggled. His heart melted at her smile. His daughter was perfect. "She's alright then? There won't be any ill effects from what happened?" Amos looked up at the Pediatric Healer who had been looking her over. "She's got that crescent shaped mark, and I can't tell if it's a birthmark or a scar, but other than that she's perfectly healthy. It's a miracle," the healer smiled down at the girl. "Oh, and I was told to give you this letter." He reached into his robes and pulled out a sealed envelope, "He said there are some very important things you should know." The man's face became solemn as Amos took the letter from him. Amos nodded and pocketed the letter. He then bade the healer farewell and took the floo home. He was immediately greeted by Ms. Ferguson, who watched Cedric while he was at work. She smiled but then halted in her usual greeting when she noticed the bundle he held. "Is tha' a babe?"Ms. Ferguson was not as old as most of the nannies for hire in the Wizarding World, with black hair that had not yet gone grey and barely a wrinkle in sight. Amos liked that about her because it meant she had the energy to keep up with Cedric, which meant he was usually tuckered out by the time Amos got home from work. "Yes, would you mind holding her for just a moment?" Amos handed the small girl off. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the envelope he'd been given. He opened it gingerly, noticing in that moment that is was too bulky to only hold a letter. He pulled the letter out first and began reading it. "Wha's her name?" Ms. Ferguson asked, pulling Amos' concentration from the letter. He'd finished reading it twice when he finally looked up at her. At his questioning gaze Ms. Ferguson chuckled. "Her name, Mr. Diggory? I can' jus' call her babe, now can I?" She joked. "Ah, quite right, Mary. It's Evelyn, Evelyn Rose," Amos answered, glancing down at the letter once more. When he looked up again, he was smiling. Then he tilted the last contents of the envelope into his hand. A silver oval-shaped locket, bearing intricate filigree landed there softly. "Tha's a lovely name, Mr. Diggory," Mary smiled as she looked down that Evelyn, but looked up again when she remembered something. "I don' remember you saying you had two children? I've been looking after Cedric almost a year now and she hasn' been mentioned once." "Evie's been in the hospital this whole time. I doubt Cedric remembers he was supposed to be a big brother, and in case she didn't make it," Amos paused again, pocketing the locket for the time being. "I just didn't want to get him excited if it happened that she wasn't going to be coming home." "I understand," Mary nodded with a comforting smile. "Well, he's goin' tah be very happy tah meet you, sweet girl," she smiled down at Evie. "Meet who?" Cedric came rushing in from his room carrying the broom he'd received for Christmas the previous year. "Dad!" He yelled excitedly, before rushing Amos, nearly tackling him to the ground with the force of his hug. "Whoa!" Amos laughed at his son's excitement. "Calm down, mate." He hugged Cedric and then gently pulled the boy off of his legs. Kneeling down to be face to face with the boy he started explaining, "You know how you've always wanted to be a big brother?" Cedric's kind brown eyes widened as he focused on his dad. He nodded gingerly, waiting to hear more. "Well, Mummy left us one last present," Amos smiled sadly. "She did?" Cedric started to get more hopeful. "That's right. You are a big brother," Amos explained, turning Cedric's attention to the bundle in Ms. Ferguson's arms. Ms. Ferguson brought the baby eye level to the wonderstruck boy. Cedric gasped at as he made eye contact with the small girl. "She's pretty," he whispered. "What's her name?" "She's called Evie," Ms. Ferguson answered. "Would you like tah hold her?" "Can I?" Cedric turned to his father for confirmation. "Go on, just be gentle," Amos nodded. Cedric took Evie very carefully from Ms. Ferguson. But she stayed with her hands bracing his. "Hi, Evie," Cedric whispered to the baby girl. She looked up at his face and smiled, reaching a chubby hand out to him. Cedric laughed excitedly at her reaction. "Now, Cedric," Amos called his attention. When Cedric looked up at him with earnest eyes Amos continued, "You are a big brother now and that means it's your job to keep Evie safe, okay? You must always take care of your sister." Cedric nodded enthusiastically before turning back to Evie, who was still smiling up at him. "I will always take care of you," he leaned down and whispered at her. A week after Evie arrived at Diggory Cottage Cedric awoke to the sounds of her crying in her crib. Amos had not been alerted to the noise yet, so the small boy climbed from his bed and padded into the nursery. Inside the noise was louder. Cedric was shocked by how much noise the small girl could make. He hurried over to the crib and peered through the slats of oak at the cause of all the fussing. Evie was red faced and covered in tears. "Shh," Cedric reached a small hand through the wood and touched Evie's tiny hand. The small girl began to calm down instantly. Her eyes opened and she looked towards Cedric. She was still whining though, so Cedric climbed up into the crib and sat down beside her. "It's okay, baby," he continued to whisper as he petted her head. Soon her cries were nothing more than sniffles as she looked wide-eyed up at him. Cedric offered her his finger and she grasped it with her chubby hand and wiggled it around. When she saw that he would let her do whatever with it she pulled it to her mouth and chomped on it with her gums. "Ew," Cedric giggled, removing the finger from Evie's mouth. She giggled right back at him, reaching her hand for his finger again. Smiling, Cedric kissed her head, "I won't let the monsters get you," he promised. They fell asleep in the crib together, and when Amos went to gather his children he was quite surprised to find them still there, cuddled up and sound asleep. It had been a very bad week at work and all Amos wanted to do, when he stepped out of the floo into Diggory Cottage that Friday, was get the children in bed as quickly as possible, have a glass of Firewhiskey and sleep. "I'm back, Mary!" He called through the house when he was not immediately greeted. "Dad!" Cedric ran up to him more excited than usual. Before Amos could request that his son calm down, as he usually did, Mary walked out smiling with an excitement matching Cedric's and carrying his very proud looking little girl. "Mr. Diggory, yeh'll never guess wha' she's done!" She breathed out, nearly bursting at the seams. "What is it? She hasn't walked, has she?" Amos asked fearfully. "No, not yet," Mary instantly became more subdued as she eased his worry. "She's said her firs' word, she did!" She explained, gaining her previous excitement back instantly. Amos turned his attention instantly from Mary to Evie. She was still smiling, though he wasn't sure she actually knew what all the excitement was about, just that it had to do with something she'd done. "My little girl," he reached for her and Mary handed her over willingly. "Have you something to say?" He smiled in anticipation. "Go on, little love, speak for yer father," Mary coaxed excitedly. "Da," Evie started as though she was feeling it out. "Dada, dada, dada, dada!" She grew more excited the more she spoke the word, clapping her chubby little hands together and smiling at him. Tears of joy welled up in his eyes as Amos felt all the tiredness and all the frustration of the week wash away at the sound of his daughter's voice. "Who is Dada?" Evie touched her chubby and slightly sticky hand to his face somewhere between his cheek and nose before smiling. "Dada," she answered as happy as ever. "That's right," Amos blinked rapidly to clear the tears from his eyes, but one still escaped, rolling quickly down his cheek and disappearing onto his work robes. "Dad, why does Evie put her mouth on everything?" Cedric asked, frowning as he learned that his toy wand was covered in baby drool. "She's teething," Amos explained, cleaning the wand with a wave of his. "What does that mean?" Amos smiled at his son. The boy always wanted to understand. "It means she's getting her teeth." "Like mine?" Cedric opened his mouth wide to show his father. "Like yours," Amos confirmed. "But she doesn't know how to use them yet, and she's practicing on things so she can figure them out." "So why can't she bite her own things?" Cedric frowned, still not quite understanding. "Well, she can. And she does," Amos pointed to Evie, who was drooling all over one of the baby toys Mary had bought for her. "But teething also hurts, and sometimes she can't get to her stuff fast enough so she grabs whatever is near." Cedric's eyes instantly filled with concern as he looked at his baby sister. She had just dropped her gel ring and was close to tears. He looked down at his toy wand and then held it out to her. Amos just looked on in shock as his son handed over his favorite toy. "Here, Evie. You can use my toys too," he told her as though she'd understand. Evie took the wand and brought it towards her mouth, stopping and looking at her brother as if to ask if he was sure it was okay, and when he nodded she smiled and gnawed happily on it. "Happy Birthday, Evie!" Amos, Cedric and Mary called in unison. The cake, pastel pink and holding two happily glowing candles, was sitting on the table out of the young girl's reach. Amos held his daughter in his arms, a joyous smile accentuating the wrinkles of his face as they sang Happy Birthday to her. In the back of his mind a guilty feeling nagged at him, but watching how happy his two children had been together that past year made him toss it aside. "Make a wish, Evie," Cedric smiled excitedly. Being as perfectly content as she was the small girl closed her eyes only because she was sure it was a birthday obligation. She had watched her father do this on his birthday after prompting from Cedric as well. "Alrigh' sweet girl, blow out yer candles," Ms. Ferguson coaxed and Amos leaned Evie over the cake. Evie's tiny huff of air was hardly enough to make the candles even flicker. With Amos covertly blowing beside her, however, she watched in amazement as she managed to blow her candles out. She looked at Cedric excitedly and pointed to her achievement. "I bowed it!" Cedric smiled at his sister's attempt to form sentences, and nodded to let her know he'd watched. When Ms. Ferguson took Evie from their dad's arms and placed her in her baby chair, Amos turned to Cedric and winked at him, a silent thanks for not telling Evie he'd helped. Amos and Mary passed out the cake and their small group ate