I awoke to the feeling of someone stroking my hair. "Faramir? Are you awake?" Eowyn's voice was throaty with concern and sleep. I groggily turned to face her. "What is it? Am I late? What time is it?" She smiled, and gently caressed my face. I closed my eyes at her touch, and breathed in the fragrance of lemon-balm and lavender that seemed to follow her everywhere. She always laughed when I remarked on it, claiming it was due to the flowers and herbs the Warden insisted on strewing about the Houses of Healing to keep the smells of the ward at bay. But it was part of her now. "It is not yet dawn," she whispered, moving closer to me. "But you screamed in your sleep." "It was just a dream," I said shortly, putting my arms around her. "The tonic did not help?" "I do not think that tonic can cure this," I told her gently. I attempted to plant a kiss on her forehead, but she held my gaze. "But it should help you sleep better. Perhaps you—" "Eowyn, my love, I slept quite well. And if you truly want to cure me of my nightmares, a kiss might do the trick." But I had not learned yet. I knew of her stubbornness—anyone could read it in the set of her proud chin. But I had not expected her to snap, "You do not trust me enough to confide in me! You will court me still as if we are young sweethearts, and yet you refuse to tell me what it is that haunts you so!" "I saw my father's hands wither before my very eyes! I saw his skin melt like wax in the heat and the flame! Is that what you wanted to hear?" I asked roughly, withdrawing my arms from around her. I turned, and closed my eyes. Our marriage thus far had been happy—I could not remember a greater delight than waking up to Eowyn, riding with her through the woods of Ithilien. But we both had scars that had not fully healed. "Faramir?" I hated the sound of uncertainty in her voice—she had done nothing wrong, and yet her normally determined demeanor broke, appealing for forgiveness. "Faramir, I know—I lost many in this war, and it pains me to know the bloodshed is not yet over. I see soldiers coming in every day to the Houses, their wounds fresh, and I wish—I hope that it ends soon." I sighed, and turned around again. "I hope it ends soon too," I said looking into her eyes. "And I am sorry—but I cannot think of burdening you with grief any further." Now she kissed me; I could taste the sour, warm morning on her breath. "Are we not directed to share our burdens?" She asked me gently. "I do not need to be protected, Faramir—what I need is your trust." "And you have it fully," I assured her. "But it does not seem fair—" "—that you should think you must suffer alone," she finished firmly. "Or that peace should take so much labor. When will it end?" I fell silent at her question. The war was over, and the reconstruction of Minas Tirith had begun, but Orcs and other foul creatures still sullied the lands about Gondor and Rohan. I had been given the prince-ship over Ithilien, but before the garden could grow beautiful again, there was the question of the goblins and Orcs that lingered still. I was on a brief reprieve from the scourings that the King had ordered—night after night of tracking, killing, burning. It seemed unjust that men were still losing their lives, that more bloodshed had to take place—but Eowyn was right. Peace was not a child's whim that would be gratified with a smile and a wave of the hand. But in truth, I wearied of warfare—it had always been my brother's province, not mine. I longed to begin the rebuilding of the Garden of Gondor, yearned to spend more than one night here or there with my wife. Although she too was kept occupied—we would often wake before dawn, me to ready my men, and she to travel into Minas Tirith to do her work for the week at the Houses of Healing. Our house on the borders of Ithilien would often stand empty—I had been loath to leave Minas Tirith, but Eowyn had insisted, claiming she could only stand the stone city for so long. "My love? Did you fall asleep again?" Eowyn's voice startled me out of my reverie. "I was only thinking about how I would miss you, Eowyn," I said, playing with her hair. She laughed—she was not one for inane sweet-talk. "It will only be for two days," she retorted. "You have been absent from me for much longer than that. And at least you will be safe in Minas Tirith, and I will not have to worry about you." The King had called a council to rally the efforts against the agents of Mordor, and had asked me to come. "You always worry about me." "Well, after constantly fretting about an impulsive brother, I have quite perfected the skill. Speaking of Eomer, do take care that he does not insult anyone—his diplomacy is sadly lacking, and he tires when he is not allowed to carry a sword." I smiled at her description of her brother. "I will do so. Although I think he will behave himself admirably—he does not want to be sent back to Rohan without seeing you, I wager." Eowyn turned her head a little to look past me and out the window. She gently slapped my chest. "You are not late yet, but you soon will be if you lie sloth any longer, Captain." I gave her a long kiss before rising. She slowly sat up as I began to dress, shivering slightly in the freshness of late October. "We will soon have to light fires in the chambers," I said over my shoulder. "Are you going to the Houses today?" I turned in time to see her start to sag. Uttering an involuntary shout, I ran to her and gently helped her back under the covers. In the light of dawn, I could see her face—it seemed to have a strange mask of a shadow imprinted around the bridge of her nose and under her eyes. "Did you sleep at all?" I asked her, pressing a hand to her forehead. She removed my hand and held it for a minute, looking strangely happy, her eyes glinting. "Yes, I did sleep," she murmured. "And I am not going to the Houses today—I have been given a leave of absence, and I do not plan on returning until after—" "Oh good God, you're ill," I whispered, my insides growing ice-cold. "Are you not well? Eowyn—" "I'm well!" she exclaimed, laughing. "I just—" She breathed deeply, opened her mouth to say something, and closed it again. "Eowyn," I said, my anger rising. "Do not trifle with me, especially after lecturing me on sharing my burdens!" "I am not trifling with you, dearest," she said. "Believe that I am well, and that—there is no burden—Faramir, I have a surprise, but I cannot tell you now, not like this," she said, her voice suddenly firm. "I—" "You said you trusted me. So trust me, and go now before you are made late!" Her chin rose again, daring me to defy her. I sighed. "I do trust you. I will return in two days, and please do take care?" She nodded. I kissed her once more, my hand caressing her face, her arms around my neck. "I love you," she said. "Now go!" *** "You do live a long way from Minas Tirith, Faramir," Eomer commented. "I am to protect these lands," I reminded him. "They were left to my keeping—and in truth, I would not live anywhere else." "You mean Eowyn would not live anywhere else," he said, shifting in his saddle. "I began to long for the sight of green grass and open fields while we were fettered and chained to the stone of the city." "Fettered and chained seems very strong language indeed," I said, careful not to look into Eomer's eyes, "especially when you seemed to enjoy the food and merriment so—and the company of Prince Imrahil's daughter, if my perceptions serve me well." I feared I had gone too far when he met my gaze, his eyes burning, but he soon burst into laughter. "Your perceptions serve you very well," he chortled. "Eowyn must have a terrible time with you." "And why would you say that?" I asked, highly offended. "She was always a terrible liar, and always so desperate to keep her secrets," Eomer replied, still laughing. And yet, I thought, there was her surprise. I felt unease stir in my chest. It was true that we kept very little from each other—the more I thought about her behavior that morning, the more unease pressed against me. "You are very quiet now," said Eomer presently. "What ails you?" I hesitated—perhaps Eomer could help me understand Eowyn's secret. But she had not entrusted me to speak of it to anyone—and for all his good heart, I felt that he would not know. After all, he had been almost blind to her suffering, I thought, before I could check the uncharitable thought. "I am quite well," I replied. To divert him, I said, "Did you think the council went well?" Eomer grimaced. "I know it must be done, but I am loath to spend more men and time chasing the servants of Barad-dur. Aragorn is right in saying that we cannot rest until the evil of Barad-dur is utterly extinguished—but as king, how do I explain more bloodshed and more deaths to my people?" "How will you explain it to them if you do not take action now, and evil finds a new leader and comes after the people of Rohan with a vengeance?" I said softly. We rode in silence afterwards, the clanking of the men's gear being the only sound until we reached the house. Stable boys came to take our horses, and I suddenly felt a whirlwind fly into my arms. "Oh, you have come—at last!" Eowyn exclaimed, kissing me. I was slightly surprised—she was always happy to see me, but was careful not to indulge in overt displays of affection when we were near others. Nevertheless, I smiled at her, and kissed her back. "You look exhausted," I said to her. The shadows around her eyes were ever darker, but her eyes glowed, and even her yellow hair seemed alight. "You are taking care of yourself?" "Yes, yes, love—Eomer! What do you think?" She released me, and kissed her brother. "Eowyn—you look tired! Are you—" "Oh please! I have never felt better! Now, what do you think of my—our—house?" She released him, and beckoned everyone towards the door. "If I know you, the beds are half made, and the fires are mere embers by now!" Eomer said laughingly, receiving a slap on the shoulder for his jest. She ran ahead of us, and I became still as I looked into her face. She seemed to radiate joy from every pore. Eomer stopped me as I went to enter, his brow furrowed in worry. "Faramir—" "I know, she seems—" "No, Faramir, you do not understand." He led me further away from the house. "I am worried about her." "I know," I repeated, puzzled by the wide-eyed look of anxiety on Eomer's face. "I don't know what—" "You don't understand," Eomer said raggedly. "It's—it's been a very long time since I've seen Eowyn like that. A very long time. Faramir—I know I never took care of her like I should have. I know that—" I smiled a little, despite the anxiety growing at the pit of my stomach. "Eowyn hardly needs someone to take care of her,"