Chapter 1 February 11th, 2014 The screeching of tires could be heard throughout the entire building of Hale Industries as well as the obvious sounds of a car crashing and the pleas for help. However, the building was empty except for a solitary man with a ponytail, red plaid shirt and tattered jeans. He looked on and smiled softly before turning around and going home. Present Day The smell of burnt … something… filled the small house. "Who let Rose near the oven again?" Upon entering the kitchen, she saw grey smoke coming out of the oven. She sighed dramatically before reaching for the fire extinguisher – this sort of thing happened far too often – and looked through the oven's glass to determine if there was a fire to extinguish. At least it was not on fire. She put the extinguisher down and looked around, trying to find the cookie killer. "Why don't you just use a clock or timer, I think your phone has an app for that." She said when her younger sister peeked out from the bathroom. "Bella can just sense when they're good to eat." Rosalie complained bitterly as she shut the door again. "Well, Bella is a natural cook, you suck." She turned to the right into her, well, their room. It was tiny and cluttered. It was, as you'd expect with three girls living together. Seemingly there were only two beds, one in the far corner, below the window and the other stood awkwardly next to the door. How did three girls sleep there? Well, the bed below the window had a bed drawer. That was the bed that Alice and Bella shared, since they were the lighter pair and Rosalie got the independent bed. Alice didn't think of her sister as fat, but she was tall – like 5'9 tall – and well, Bella was an average 5'4 and herself, she was the shortest straw at 4'10. As for their living arrangements, that was complicated. Their father, good ol' Charlie O'Shea, had passed away at age 48. He had been a good man, for sure, and though he had survived three heart attacks, the thing to take him had been a freak car accident. He had a quick death, he was killed on impact, but the events surrounding his death were odd. Despite his lack of accident record, it was concluded that his death had been his fault: he had simply lost control of the steering wheel and crashed against the light post. The real issue came when his last will was read out two weeks after his passing: all of his money, propriety and belongings were to go to his wife and children. Here's where you think: what's the problem? As it happened, Renee and Charlie never married and because of Renee's feminist ideals their daughters were not registered as Charlie's. Which meant that his lawful wife and children were not Renee, Alice, Rose and Bella. He had been married to Sue Clearwater two years ago and had adopted her children: Leah and Seth. So they got the money and the real estate and the family name. Renee had been grief stricken for days after finding out and the daughters developed hateful feelings towards their father. Good ol' Charlie soon became fucking old bastard Charles. So… there was no inheritance, no money and technically, not much else. The house they were living in had been a gift to Renee when they decided to move in together twenty five years ago and it took a lot of convincing – three years, two babies and a very bad case of morning sickness, to be exact – to make her accept the house as her own. Alice still lived with her parents since she graduated claiming that she was saving up all that she could to finance her clothing line. Single, but with no time for boyfriend or regular friends, she was more of a loner, despite her clear chirpy and talkative personality, as it was, she claimed to not have time for anything. So she was saving up to be eligible for a bank loan and that way finance her dream. Currently, she worked as a fashion consultant for aspiring celebrities and personal image for some small time politicians that couldn't afford the most prestigious advisers. But they paid well and she calculated that in a year more or so, she'd be able to reach her goal. The other two, Rosalie and Bella, were still in college – Rose was on her last year and Bella was in her junior year – they had shared an apartment, funded by Charlie and when all of his things were revoked to be given to his lawful wife and offspring, well… let's just say Rose and Bella were out of the list. So that left them with no place to live in, fortunately their mother took them in. Tuition for school however, was another matter entirely, one that was not settled as easily as they would've liked. Since Rose was in her last year, the school administration board gave her the rest year worth of tuition free since she already had a pretty big scholarship. As for Bella, she also had a 50% scholarship and a 10% financial aid, but her measly paid part time job would not be able to pay for the other 40%. She applied for more scholarship but was put on hold because of her criminal record. "Why is Rose still allowed near the kitchen?" asked Bella to no one in particular as she entered the house. None of the sisters had bothered to clean the mess up and the longer they left the cookies to melt; the harder it would be to get them out. But none of them had the time or motivation to actually do something about the cookie remnants. Bella rushed to the room the three of them shared and took off her black crop top and put on a simple t-shirt that read 'I speak for those who can't', Alice eyed her with disapproval but otherwise kept her criticism to herself. Normally, she would've challenged the youngest of the bunch, but seeing that they were both running late for their respective jobs, she was quiet about it. "You coming for dinner?" "Of course" answered Bella rolling her eyes. "I can't afford to eat out." "Oh, no, I was just wondering if the Williams were gonna feed you, since you're babysitting…" "Nah, its just an hour, the Mrs. had some emergency business to attend to." Bella was also juggling several jobs during the school year, she was a literature tutor for high schoolers, a grammar and vocabulary mentor for middle and elementary school aged children and a nanny for toddlers and infants. On the weekends she spent her time volunteering at a crisis pregnancy center, which obviously, was done for free and according to Alice, was a total waste of time. "Hey, have you seen my pearl bobby pins?" Rose asked as she entered the room. She had put on a clean dress and needed the pins to secure her up-do. "You'll look ridiculous, we're doing you a favor by not helping you find them." Bella said loftily as she left the room. Rosalie sighed and sat on her bed, concentrating on the floor, trying to remember where she last saw them. Alice smiled into the shirt she was sewing, "Just use regular pins." "No." Rose shook her head fiercely. "No. This is personal; Bella has been hiding them. I need to find them, it's a pride thing." She grabbed a pillow from on top of her bed and put it on the floor, she kneeled on top of it and then got on all fours. "Well, I'm done. Gotta run, good luck with your fake pearl pins." The fake comment was probably unnecessary, but the pins were truly the tackiest things ever invented. And she did know where they were; she and Bella had thrown them in a trashcan near the McDonald's downtown last week. Rosalie sighed, "Can you give me a ride?" Alice looked at her amused, and told her she was heading to the industrial district. "I know, I have an interview at Hale Industries." Alice blanched; she was rarely taken by surprise, especially by her own sister. "Umm, sure." Rosalie looked smug at having known something Alice hadn't. They had two cars, one to the name of their mother and the other to Alice's, Rose only had a bike to her name and taking the bike through some not so nice parts of town was not safe. Unfortunately. The car ride was filled with Alice's mindless chatter about how surprised and excited she was that they were both going to the same place. She was going to advice a newly come vice-something on public image. Rosalie, on the other hand, wanted a position in the car making process and hoped she had enough recommendations to score the spot. She had just four more months until graduation and was trying to find a decent paying job to be able to afford a masters degree and get a very good paying position. After twenty minutes of senseless conversation, Alice parked on the street across from a gigantic building that was covered in glass and had over thirty different cars on display. "What a waste of good parking places." She commented to Rose, who was admiring the vehicles with wonder and hoping she'd one day be able to better some of their engines. Upon entering, they were greeted by a: "Welcome to Hale Industries" from an elegant girl, "do you have an appointment?" Before they could answer, a blond man who was in his thirties approached them, "Yes, do you both work for Ms. Swan?" "Mr. Hale? I'm Alice Swan, I'm the image consultant." She said as she shook his hand. "Very pleased to meet you" he threw the girls a charming smile and Rose had to put all of her willpower not to roll her eyes. Alice however, managed to keep a straight face and answered as was appropriate. "Is the other young lady here with you?" he said motioning to Rosalie. "No. I'm here for an interview." Rose said crossing her arms. "Oh, you must be Jasper's. Gwen, be a dear and let my brother know she's here." Gwen immediately set to the task and Mr. Hale said goodbye to Rosalie and left with the other sister. Five minutes later and Rose was starting to get annoyed, there was only so much a person could do to entertain oneself in a reception hall with no magazines, no pamphlets, no anything, not even chairs. She was just starting to consider sitting in the floor when another blond man appeared. "I am so sorry for the delay. But, there was an issue with the production line of cowl screens." He stuck out his hand and said what she already knew, "I'm Jasper Hale, chief automobile designer, and you must be Ms. Swan." He was a handsome man, and though he looked young to be chief anything, Rosalie guessed that his last name must put him in the important people list. She couldn't help but note that he wore simpler clothes than his older brother who was wearing a suit. Jasper had don on jeans and the fanciest piece of clothing on him was a vest. "Rosalie" she answered with a smile as she shook his hand firmly and forced herself to meet his eyes. "Well, Rosalie, why don't you tell me how you'd fix our cowl problem?" Rosalie was surprised by the question but was quick to ask for details on the problem and asked to see the factory. Not surprisingly, half an hour later the problem had been solved and Rosalie was the new manager of engineering for Hale Industries' newest project. She shook Jasper's hand and went back to the reception to wait for her