Disclaimer: I don't own any of Tolkien's characters or places. I do own Ithildor, however. Not to be confused with Isildur. ((((((((((((((((((((((((CHEATING DARKNESS: PART III)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) AN: I'm trying a different approach to beginning chapters, as you will soon see. All chapters will begin with an entry in Ithildor's, Legolas's son's diary. I do this because it will help the time pass faster and to help the story tie in with Tolkien's Lord of the Rings, and also to help readers better understand Ithildor's character. This story also takes place in the years 3018-3019, the same as the original Lord of the Rings. Don't worry, Tolkien's story will be untouched, because now, even though I listed Legolas as the main character, Ithildor's journey is the one we'll be following instead of his father's. BUT the journey will have a lot to do with Legolas, Eressa, and other aspects of Ithildor's hidden past. Ithildor is also about 41 years old at the time, making him a teenager in elf terms (I read somewhere that elves read physical maturity at the age of 50, but are not considered adults until the age of 100—in human terms, this can make Ithildor anywhere between 15 and 16 years old). I realize that this seems sort of impossible if you look at Orlando Bloom and try to imagine his character of Legolas having a teenage kid, but lets just forget that for a bit, eh? I hope you guys enjoy this story. It's quite different than my others. (((((((((((((((((((((o Chapter 1 o)))))))))))))))))))))))) October 12, 3018 I hate my life. Today Ada (AN: elvish for "Dad") wouldn't let me go on a ride in the forest with Rothas and Earedol. He said it's too dangerous for me to go out without a royal guard. Ever since we were attacked and that Gollum creature escaped he's been so paranoid. No…he's been that way always. Never letting me do anything. I spoke to Grandfather, and he said it's only because Ada loves me. But if he does, than why can't he give me a chance to be on my own once in a while? I'm 41, for Valar's sake. He treats me as if I'm still an elfling. There's been word of war growing too. People say that Sauron has come back and will stop at nothing to control all of middle earth. Some even say that the One Ring has been found! I asked Ada if there is a war, would I be able to fight in it. He said no, I'm not yet old enough. Of course. I'm getting sick of being told that. I'm going to dinner now. Namarie'. Ithildor o)))))))))))))))))))))) Ithildor stared at his dessert as it was served to him. Honey cake—it had always been his favorite, ever since he was small. Looking up, he watched as the servants placed a slice of cake on his father's plate, and then his grandfather's. The King quickly picked up his fork and began eating…it seemed that the love for sweets ran in the family. Ithildor looked at his father, who was seated across from him, at his grandfather's right side. He didn't seem to notice the food on his plate. He seemed deep in thought. As Ithildor took his own forkful of honey cake, he wondered what his father could be thinking about so seriously. The King must have been thinking the same thing. "Legolas…you haven't touched your dessert." He said quietly. Legolas's head shot up, the King's statement catching him by surprise. "I'm sorry, father." "What's on your mind?" The King asked. Legolas didn't answer. He just shook his head. Ithildor frowned and put down his fork. His father normally didn't act like this. "Ada?" He asked. Legolas looked up and met the eyes of his son. Blue eyes looked into green eyes. Ithildor had green eyes so alike to those of his mother's. Finally the Prince spoke. "A messenger from Rivendell arrived today." He confessed. Ithildor smiled brightly. "Was it Elrohir? Or Elladan?" "No, I'm sorry, Ithildor." Legolas answered. "But they had urgent news…and I'm…" Legolas stopped. The King blinked, concerned. "What has happened?" Legolas sighed. "It's been confirmed that the One Ring survives. It's being brought to Rivendell as we speak. I've been given orders from Lord Elrond that I'm to come to Rivendell by the 25th. There is to be a Council." "Of what?" Ithildor asked curiously. "Of all races. The fate of the Ring will be decided." Ithildor's eyes went wide. "Can I come?" He asked. "Absolutely not." Legolas answered. "You were not invited. This is a very private affair." "But I'm you're son!" Ithildor argued. "Doesn't that count?" "Ithildor, you should listen to your father." The King warned. Ithildor looked at his grandfather, then at his Ada. They both handed him stern looks. He slumped back in his chair and crossed his arms in front of his chest. "Fine." "Ithildor, under any other circumstances, I would bring you." Legolas said after a few minutes. "You would not." Ithildor replied grumpily. "I would…but I might not return for a long time. I cannot afford to take you with me." Legolas cocked his head as his son looked stubbornly away. "Do you understand me?" "I do." Groaned the youth. "May I be excused?" Legolas looked at the King and the King nodded. No sooner was the action complete did Ithildor rise up from the table and storm off towards his room. Legolas sighed and held his head in his hands. "I'm a terrible father." He half-laughed. "You were just as stubborn as he was when you were younger, and you know it, Legolas." The King answered. "I know it." "He is a growing youth, Legolas. He needs space. I've noticed that you haven't been letting him out alone anymore." The King cocked his head. "In fact, Ithildor told me so." Legolas nodded grimly. "What else can I do? The spiders and wargs have become more numerous than ever…I don't want Ithildor without a guard accompanying him." "I understand that." The King replied. He took a deep breath and paused. "Legolas, don't you think Ithildor is old enough to know?" Legolas looked up, a glimmer in his eyes. A memory. "Know what?" He asked. The King narrowed his eyes. "You know what about. About his mother. About you. About himself." Legolas sat up and shook his head. "I can't tell him that now." "Yes, I know." The King said. "But maybe you should think about explaining it to him when you return from Rivendell." Legolas closed his eyes for a moment and thought of his son. "I know you are right, Father. I will think about it." Legolas got up from the table. "You haven't eaten you're cake yet." The King told him. The Prince frowned. "I'm not hungry." Legolas walked away from the table and his father. He walked until he found himself in a familiar, sad place. His wife's gravestone, a simple marble statue, stood as his feet. He knelt down and traced the letters of her name with his fingertips. But the letters on the gravestone didn't spell out his wife's true name. It spelt out the name Vanuiel…not Eressa. Legolas tried to shed his guilt caused by telling his son years of lies about his mother, but not even the greatest pardon could calm his sorrowful soul. He wanted to believe he was protecting Ithildor in this way, but in all reality…he was also pitifully trying to protect himself from his own enormous grief. "Oh, Eressa." He whispered. "I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do about anything…anymore." Eressa's gravestone didn't offer Legolas anything except silence. He was used to that. "I have a bad feeling about leaving, Eressa." He continued. "I fear there will be war. I fear there will be great tragedy, great bloodshed. Sauron has returned." A cool burst of wind blew Legola's long blonde hair into his face. It had finally grown back to it's original length. He closed his eyes as he remembered back to the time when he had cut it. When Eressa was still alive…when they were happy. "Why did you leave me?" He asked her. "I can't raise Ithildor on my own. He hates me. He hates that I don't let him follow me on my travels…he hates that I…" He paused and wiped a tear away. "Eressa…I hate myself too. I hate that I have to hide you from him. Ithildor should have known you." Legolas sobbed. "I only do it to protect him…to keep him from making the same mistake I did." He pressed his hand over the fake name carved into the marble. "Someday, I promise you, Eressa…your son will know you. And you're real name will be carved in a gravestone far more marvelous than this one and…" Legolas broke down. He felt himself slump, all his body collapsing, except for his one hand that stayed tightly pressed to the words on the stone. He didn't know how long he sat there, crying like a child. He only hoped that his son would never see him like this. o))))))))))))))))) Upstairs in his room, Ithildor watched out the window as his father limply leaned against his mother's gravestone. Why was he crying? Ithildor watched him kneel in front of the grave nearly every night and speak quietly to his mother, but never did he see him cry. Ithildor backed away. It frightened him that his father so suddenly could become like this. Ithildor knew his father had heard the rumors of evil rising again in the east. Was the world really coming to an end this time? He had studied the history of Middle Earth in his schooling—all the wars between good and evil…good always seemed to overcome—what made it that way? And would it be the same this time around? Ithildor backed into his bed and sat upon it, feeling the satin covers with his palms. He wondered if his father's tears were his fault. It's because of Mother… he thought. He'll never forgive me for being born. Ever since he was a child, Ithildor was told that his mother had died giving birth to him. Ithildor had never been sure if his father had truly forgiven him. A loud screech interrupted Ithildor's thoughts. He looked over to the corner of the room, where his pet hawk, Gilandor, was perched. Ithildor raised his forearm. "Here, Gilandor." The hawk screeched again and flew across the room, landing on Ithildor's arm. The young elf smiled at the bird as he stroked its soft feathers. "I hope everything will be alright, Gilandor." He whispered. "Wouldn't want anything to happen to you." The bird cocked its head to the side and stared at the young elf through it's round, golden eye. Ithildor sighed. "You wouldn't understand though, would you?" He asked. The bird screeched once more and then began to preen its feathers. Ithildor chuckled darkly and walked the bird back over to its perch. He began to carefully clasp a little leather band on the hawk's right leg, so he couldn't fly away into the night. Gilandor had a tendency to do that and not return until late the next morning. Ithildor stopped and paused just as he was about to fasten the last clasp around the bird's leg. "No…maybe you do understand, Gilandor." He continued. He looked up at the bird. "Do you feel the way I do? Do you want to be let out, without any ties to bind you?" Gilandor stopped preening and cocked his head to the side again, ruffling his dark feathers. Ithildor sighed and took off the band from around the bird's leg. He took him onto his arm again and approached the window. "Well, if that's how you feel, you can go." He told the bird. "You'll fly away and be free." Ithildor stuck his arm and the bird out the window and shook both of them lightly, to