The Campaign (A short lesson on the problems of negative politics) By Julia Staring: Aragorn, Sauron, misc. orcs and elves, some Hobbits and some patrons of a Laketown pub. I only own original characters (i.e. the ones Tolkien didn't put in his books!), so don't bother suing me. Plus, no money anyhow! And not making any on this story… Warnings: Definitely AU! So far AU it is insane. Rated: PG-13 for language The Committee to Elect Sauron : The smell of fresh coffee filled the room as men and women in smart business suits filed in and seated themselves at the long table. Orc butlers shuffled in and out on miscellaneous errands, delivering donuts and mugs. Finally, the last business man hurried in, briefcase in tow, mumbling quietly. The clock on the far wall ticked over to mark the hour, and immediately the room fell to a hush. As soon as silence prevailed, a screen at the opposite side of the room flickered on, and a blazing fiery eye glared at the occupants. The Eye spoke—or rather words seemed to emanate from its direction, because no one could see a mouth, or any orifice for that matter, move on the eye. "Assembled here are the most unethical, diabolical, cunning and evil genius marketing executives alive. You are here to design the greatest ad campaign in history for me—Sauron, the Dark Lord," the Eye seemed to laugh evilly. "I will win the election for Dictator of Middle Earth!" he roared. "Now…. How do you plan to make me win?" The executives looked back and forth at each other for some time. Several people cleared their throats. Finally, one man stood. "Well, the eyeball is kind of a major turn off. There's no way you can win." He sat down, looking smug. He was then unceremoniously dropped to a fiery death below with the flick of a floor board. "Wrong answer!" bellowed the Eye. Then a woman stood. "Well, he is right in that the whole eye thing is creepy—BUT—we can fix that. If we give you a pair of cool sunglasses, say Dulce & Gabbana or NASCAR, we could angle your campaign off a 'mystery cool guy' persona. People love that!" The Eye seemed to ponder that. "Good. Get me makeup, and let's get started." The filming crew shot the Eye, now is uber cool sunglasses, behind a moving desert background on the Gorgoroth plain. The lady exec cut the film, and sat thinking for a minute. Suddenly, she snapped her fingers with a stroke of brilliance. "Music! Get me some Steppenwolf, people!" In minutes, 'Born to be Wild' was over-dubbed into the finished ad. "Let's run it!" commanded the Eye. A Pub in Laketown : "Hey, Damon, get a load o' this on the telly!" Berter hollered. His mate, the other six patrons and the barkeep crowded around the small flickering screen. A new commercial, one of those "political ads", was playing. "Catchy tune, tha'." "I think the sunglasses are ace!" "Look at the bloody flames! Smashin'!" At the end of the ad, a message appeared: " Elect the coolest guy on the face of Arda to be your leader. Think of how popular you'll be when everyone finds out you made the right choice. Vote Sauron for Dictator and Overlord, and send Aragorn a message to stay out of office—and get into a bath! " "Right, I'm votin' fer 'im!" "Sod it, me too!" And thus begun the trouble. The Committee to Re-Elect the Potentate (Aragorn), aka "CREEP" : "I just cannot believe this!" Aragorn fumed as he threw down the Manly Herald onto the table with a loud slap. Arwen attempted to calm him with a song, but this was perhaps not the best time to remind Aragorn he was not an elf and she could sing prettier than him. "Be quiet, lady! I can't even think right now! Aaaaaarrrrrrggggg!" Legolas, as usual, was the pragmatic one. "Look Aragorn, you can't expect a Laketown poll to be reflective of the greater population, OR the realistic chances of Sauron winning this race. Everyone knows you're the King of the Reunited Kingdom and all that, so calm down, Scruffy!" Aragorn shot him a death glare after the "scruffy" comment, but seemed to be slightly mollified. His pacing decreased from raving mad carpet destroyer mode to a mere slightly worn tread. Elrond raised his massive eyebrows and carried on with the positive thoughts while Aragorn seemed approachable. "Legolas is correct, Estel. We can easily combat this with our own tactics. Perhaps hiring a consulting firm would be best. I know an Elven firm in Lorien that would take our case." Aragorn thought a moment, before nodding. He would run for re-election, and strike back with the same tactics of the enemy. Fight fire, with fire—now if only he could set himself alight without burning…. The Lorien elves put together an idea for an ad campaign blitz that would knock the socks off of Sauron's silly advert. And since Aragorn had more access to money for commercials, his chances for gaining special interest group attention was higher, as well as getting his message heard by the general populace. A Pub in Laketown: "I said I'm not gonna play bloody darts with that stupid… would ya look at tha'?" Berter stopped mid-sentence to stare at the flashing screen over the bar. "Who is that really hot babe?" Every pair of eyes was immediately glued to the image on the television. Aragorn was standing in front of the grand white tower at Minas Tirith, with his arm wrapped around Arwen in a pink mini-skirt. Aragorn flashed a grin at the camera, and started to stroll. "I'm sure you've all seen my, ahem, opponent's high-priced advertisement, but have you heard anything he's had to say? No. He has declined a public debate, and the only issue he will take a stand on is Oliphant rights in the Near Harad. Well folks, I'm here today with my lovely wife to tell you that I, Aragorn, King of the Re-United Kingdom, care about YOU, and the issues that affect us all." The screen cut to a scene of Aragorn and Arwen, dressed regally on their thrones, with a voice-over: " Do you want a warm, family man who is concerned with important issues like family values and agricultural relief? Aragorn is passionate about these issues, and has maintained his pledge to honor these promises. Sauron is a miserly, evil eyeball, without a good record of family values or even basic human interaction. Voting for Sauron is voting for poor crop yields, an end to public education, and widespread unemployment. Vote for Aragorn, and let your voice be heard ." "Blimey, if they put her on with a bikini, I'd vote for him any day." "Yeah, that Aragorn bloke seems more on the up and up than Sauron. He never takes off his sunglasses." "I'll buy everyone a round, and drink to Aragorn and his hot wife." "HEAR HEAR!" Two weeks later… "Bugger. There's another one of those negative ads that 'Aragorn the Arrogant' has been running." Half the pub cursed into their mugs. "Can't you shut that bloody thing off?" The Barkeep shook his head. "Then we'd hav' ta listen ta YEW gab all night!" Ripped laughter echoed. "Bloody better than this crap." The commercial was set to a black backdrop, and showed scenes of fiery volcanoes and the Black Gate. " Sauron lives in a wasteland of pollution and bare rock. His environmental policies are not only out-dated, but have destroyed all life forms within Mordor." The scene changed to the plush croplands of Pelennor. "Aragorn has encouraged technological advances in plowing and waste management to help the environment, as well as providing aid to poorer farmers." The scene changed again to the tower of Barad-Dur. "Sauron: bad for farmers, bad for the environment, bad for business, bad for YOU. Vote for Aragorn for ruler of Middle Earth. " "Why is it that they won't put that hot lady in a bikini?" A chorus of mumbled "dunnos" filled the room. "At least Sauron ain't runnin' all these annoyin' ads." Several heads nodded. Barad Dur Election Central : "The polls are beginning to turn against Aragorn." The latest of the recruited ad execs reported to Sauron. The previous ones with poor ideas had been given an alternative assignment in the lava pit of Mount Doom. "My bet is that there is not enough sex appeal in his ads. But that doesn't affect the negative aspects he's scoring against you—what we need is a focused attack on him. Something that will alienate the average schmuck." "Exactly. We should fight fire, with fire!" A lady exec in a bright red suit and too much lipstick added. Suddenly, another exec with a badly rumpled suit burst in the door. He doubled over, breathing heavily. "You have 3 seconds to explain your disruption before I have you tossed into Mt. Doom." The Eye demanded in a voice loud enough to rattle bass in the speakers. "Your evilness," gasp, pant, "I've found the perfect thing to use against Arago… wait, I mean that upstart wannabe King…" the exec trailed off, expecting a burst of flames for his slip-up. "AND?!" Again rumbled the speakers. "I have photos—taken with a telescopic lens—of that upstart wannabe King in a "drinking and sweaty man wrestling" competition with Gimli and a room full of dwarves!" The lady with too much lipstick gasped in wicked glee. "It will be perfect, my Evil Overlord! I know just how to use it!" The newest recruit suggested using it to paint Aragon as a closet homosexual. This idea was roundly shot down, with all of the execs thinking (but absolutely not saying) that Sauron's flaming eyeball image could get rebounded poorly with a cheap shot like that. "Leave it to me! I will have the perfect ad running by end of business tomorrow!" The lady said, eyes glowing with diabolical intent. A Pub in Laketown: "Oh fer pity's sake! Not this again!" A bar patron thumped his head on the table. "This is the fecking ninth time tonight." "Whatcha think of throwing out the TV?" "Yew bloody try it and I will kick yer arse back to the First Age!" The barkeep shouted. "That damn TV was expensive!" It's not like electronics were easy to come by, what with the electronics elf union on strike for increased wages. Horror film-style music in a black background. Suddenly, a picture image of Aragon wrestling with dwarves in black and white pops up on the screen. The image is frozen, but a single drop of sweat is CGI'd to appear to drip off of Aragon, and the camera pans down to follow its slow path to the floor. " Aragon talks about environmental policies, but is too concerned with special interests to bother with regular bathing. First elves, now dwarves—who have only encouraged his poor hygiene. What does this tell us about his character, or his focus on important issues? That he cannot be bothered. Not with the ordinary man, and not with bathing. Who wants a smelly leader as ruler of Middle Earth? Not us. Paid for by the Committee to Elect Sauron." "What I don't get is what the hell this guy is promising. What does all this shite about Aragon say about Sauron's platform?" "Hey guys, Ernie is getting all… existential on us!" Hoots of laughter filled the bar. Ernie glared. "Doesn't make me wrong, does it?" he muttered into his beer. CREEP Headquarters : "…maybe if we showed more of my manly stubble." Aragorn pondered, palming his be-stubbled chin and gazing in a near trance at the mirror. "Honey, I am just not sure that is the way to go." Arwen sighed (for the twelfth time since the newest polls were released). A message by carrier pigeon interrupted their conversation. Arwen reached over and took the message, then read it