AN: Hey guys! This is the continuing story of Chloe and Draco, and Harry and so forth. I have skipped years two and three, and you'll see why. So this begins just before they go to Hogwarts for their fourth year! Please leave me a review to let me know how I am doing. *Disclaimer: I am not J.K. Rowling. Chapter 1 The Quidditch World Cup I could hear the slithering of the giant snake as I ran down the tunnels looking for Harry. Panting and turning a corner I tripped and fell. "You can't save them Chloe," a voice called to me. "Your destiny is very different from your brother's, you are destined to do great things my dear." He taunted over and over again. "NO!" I yelled getting up. I could hear the snake turning the corner, and I quickly closed my eyes knowing that if I didn't, I would be petrified. "CHLOE!" I heard Harry yell as he ran in from another tunnel. He swung Gryffindor's sword into the basilisk's head. I woke up with a start. I quickly realized that it was all a dream. Sighing with relief I climbed out of bed. I glanced over at my brother who was still sleeping, he didn't look like he was having a very good dream. We were at the Weasley's house, because they invited us to the Quidditch World Cup. I was so excited to leave the Dursley's house, I had packed within minutes of the letter they sent Harry. We had already arrived to the Weasley's home the day before, and today we were heading off to the World Cup. Harry started tossing and turning, then unexpectedly sat up. He was panting hard, and sweat was dripping off of his forehead. He looked around the room as if he was making sure he was still at the Weasley's house. "You okay?" I asked concerned. He looked up at me and nodded, obviously he had a nightmare. "I—I'm fine." Right as those words left his mouth, Hermione came running in the room. "You guys are awake, perfect!" she smiled. "We are about to leave so I suggest that you pack your things." She left the room quickly as if she had other things to do. "Let's go, we can talk about your nightmare later." I said to Harry. He only nodded as he got out of his bed. We got our things together as quickly as we could. Half an hour later we were ready to leave, and waiting for the rest of the group in the front of the house. The Weasley's lived in a tall crooked house that looked as if it could tip over any minute. The garden was overflowing with plants, and gnomes roamed around freely. The chickens had no sense of staying in one place, and ate every bug that they could find. "Hey!" Ron said coming up to Harry. Ron and I had a very delicate relationship. After our first year at school he decided that I wasn't entirely bad. We tolerated each other, and it did help that Dra—Malfoy and I didn't talk to each other anymore. Ron simply nodded at me, and I nodded back. "Ready to go?" I asked calmly. "Yeah, it's going to be so much fun!" he exclaimed. "I have been waiting for this for years!" Ten minutes later, everyone was ready to go. Mr. Weasley led the group over the hills. "Where are we going?" Ron complained after fifteen minutes of walking. "We are meeting one of my friends, then taking a portkey." Mr. Weasley answered smiling. "Well how much longer till we get there?" Ron pestered. "Just have to climb over one more hill." Was the answer. Smiling to myself, I couldn't help but find it funny that Ron was already tired of walking. This walk seriously wasn't bad at all. I actually enjoyed it. "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" Hermione and Ginny screamed together. I looked up from the ground to see a man, and a teenager jump down from a tree. Laughing they came over and shook hands with Mr. Weasley. I stood at the back of the group, I had always found it hard to trust people I had barely met, even if they were friends of Mr. Weasley. Harry was already laughing and talking to the teenage boy. He just loved making friends. I knew that one day, that would be his biggest downfall. He trusted people way to easily. Eventually the boy came over and introduced himself to me. "Hi, I am Cedric Diggory." He said holding his hand out to me. "Chloe." I responded shaking his hand. "So, you are the famous Chloe." He said smiling at me. I eyed him carefully before I responded. "Yeah, I guess." I said. "I'm not really that famous though. I am the twin that got put into Slytherin." I responded. "That doesn't really matter though, does it?" He asked. "What makes you say that?" I questioned. No one has ever said that to me before. Most people decide that I am the bad twin because I'm in Slytherin. "Well I don't like judging people through what other people say, or what group they tend to be around." He said "I mean, I don't like judging people by the way the look." He said after I gave him a questioning look. "Oh, well I guess that's a good thing." I replied not looking into his eyes. "Yeah, well I heard some nasty stuff about you." He laughed. "Really?" I asked looking at him. "Yeah well, nasty stuff when you were in your first year of school. I guess now people think you have improved." "Improved how?" "Well they say you're not as mean anymore." "Yeah, well I just suppressed my meanness, and decided to be nice." I smirked. "Is that so?" He questioned with a smile. "Yeah, it is." I replied very seriously. I didn't want him to think that I was a completely nice person. I wasn't, I really have been trying these past couple of years to be nice to people. It's a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. He simply smiled and left me to myself. I kept walking in the back of the group. The truth is that I didn't really get along with anyone anymore. I missed hanging out with Malfoy—no I can't think about him. I need to do something to get my mind off of him. I ran up to walk with Hermione and Ginny, they were have a whispered conversation. The second I caught up to them, they stopped talking. "Hey guys." I said pretending to not notice that they stopped talking. "Hey Chloe, how's it going?" Ginny said politely. "Not much really happening. What do you guys think about Cedric?" I asked trying to start a conversation. "He's alright, Ginny thinks he's cute." Hermione giggled. "Huh, so you like the brown hair and eyes? I guess it's nice that he is kind of tall." I teased Ginny. "Shut up!" She said laughing. "Hmmm, I don't think I want to," I teased. "Just think about his, oh so dreamy eyes, and the way they look like chocolate." "Who are you talking about?" Cedric asked coming up from behind. "What?!" I nearly jumped when I heard his voice. "You fancy someone here Potter?" He asked smiling. "NO!" I yelled so loud that Harry, Ron, Fred, George and the two adults looked over at us. "Everything okay?" Harry asked coming over. "Yeah everything is fine," Ginny said laughing. I could hear Hermione trying to stifle her laughs behind her hand. She wasn't exactly doing a good job. Grumbling I walked away from the group, and decided to ponder life… Not really, I just needed to get away. I needed to think. I decided to allow my mind to think of someone I hadn't really thought about in a long time. Draco Malfoy. I just couldn't keep my mind off of him. I missed him, he was the only person I could completely be myself around. I still hung around Pansy and Zabini, but it wasn't the same without Malfoy. I missed the way he smirked, and teased me. But that all fell apart at the end of our first year at school. He became under the impression that I didn't care that he cared about me, and I really did. I had to stop Voldemort from getting the stone, and I couldn't tell him that. I promised I wouldn't say anything to him, and it was the worst mistake I had ever made. While deep in thought, I hadn't noticed Harry come up next to my side. "Hey Chloe, you really alright?" He asked. "Yeah," I answered not looking at him. "You're lying." He stated. "Really, you can talk to me." He said putting his hand on my shoulder. "I know I can, it's just that.." I started, but then decided that I shouldn't say anything. "It's about him, isn't it." He said. "Chloe you need to stop thinking about him. You really need to let him go. He isn't there for you anymore. He gave you up, he is the one that decided that you shouldn't be friends anymore. That's what they do, Slytherins—" He said. "No, not all of them are like that Harry." I said. "Look at me, I am not like that. I don't do that to you do I? So you can't say that all Slytherins are like that." I argued. "I am not going to argue with you on this, but stay away from him." He said before leaving me alone again. "We are here!" Mr. Weasley exclaimed once we reached the top of the hill. "We are nowhere." Fred said looking around. "Is that a boot?" George questioned. "It is a portkey!" Mr. Diggory answered. "And it leaves in about thirty seconds. So everyone grab on!" "Why do we grab on? That's just a little weird." George said. "HURRY GRAB ON!" Mr. Weasley yelled at everyone. I had barely put a finger on when we were magically lifted into the air. I started screaming, and I could hear Hermione and Ginny screaming as well. We were spinning for maybe a minute before we started descending. "Alright everyone, let's go and start walking down to the ground." Mr. Weasley said letting go of the boot. At once, everyone seemed to let go of the portkey, and we all started falling. Hermione, Ginny, Ron, Harry, and I just fell on our backs, while George, Fred, Mr. Weasley, Mr. Diggory, and Cedric all calmly walked through the air and onto the ground. Groaning I sat up rubbing my back. "So much for a smooth landing." I said to the others. They all laughed agreeing with me. "Where to now?" Ron asked his father. "To the campsite! Our tent is already set up." Replied Mr. Weasley bouncing on his feet. He led us through other campsites, and rows and rows of places to buy food, souvenirs, and tickets to the game. There were colors everywhere, witches and wizards performing magic, and the whole area just buzzed with activity. Children ran around giggle waving fake wands at each other. Some of them even had toy broom sticks that flew only three feet off the ground. We walked through rows and rows of tents; until we reached a small tent. It look as if it would only fit two people. It was a parchment colored tent, with a small chimney sticking out the side. There was already smoke climbing out of top of it. Fred and George were the first to enter, followed by Mr. Weasley and Mr. Diggory. Well if those four can fit, I'm sure the rest of us will be able to. "Are you sure everyone will fit in here?" I heard Ron ask Harry. "Only one way to find out." Harry responded as he opened the flap. Ron followed, and I