A/N: New one-shot! This was inspired by the passage I found on tumblr. The bold words are from Maybe In Another Universe, I Deserve You by Gaby Dunn. It gave me so many Jeyna feels I had to share it with everyone. Please read the bold words while reading the fic. It would make a lot of sense then. Enjoy and review please! Real life news: Still looking for work but I'm going on a road trip! Time for some soul searching. What if, in another universe, I deserve you? Hear me out. There's this philosopher from the 1890s named William James, and he coined this theory about "the multiverse" which suggests that a hypothetical set of multiple universes comprises everything that can possibly exist simultaneously. Reyna groaned as she pulled off her messenger bag as she entered the chemistry lab. Her fellow chemistry TA nodded to her before they disappeared through the hall to other labs. The junior sighed as she hung her bag on the hook, grabbing the clipboard from the counter. "Jason Grace," Reyna read the name beside hers as she tapped her pen against it. Whoever this guy is, he was five minutes late. "Ugh, don't have time for this." Reyna murmured as she shrugged off her jacket for a pristine lab coat. Collecting her things, Reyna walked towards the door. Her eyes roamed the page, looking for her lab section when she was nearly hit. The door swung open, surprising the girl who dropped the clipboard. "God damn it!" She swore, sweeping her hair out of her face and looked up. A very handsome young man stood there, gaping at her, as he held the doorknob tightly. His bright blue eyes stared at her in surprise before he gathered his wits and bent down to pick up her clipboard. Reyna crossed her arms, tapping her foot impatiently. "Are you Jason Grace?" "Do I want to be Jason Grace? Is he in trouble?" He replied innocently. Reyna rolled her eyes. This is going to be a long quarter. Are you following? The entirety of space, time, matter and energy is all happening at once in different timelines: It's the idea of parallel universes. Right? So okay, let's presume the multiverse is real. Well then, maybe somewhere in those infinite universes is one, or several, where I deserve you. "Are you Katie?" A polite deep voice asked Reyna. She looked up from the fancy French menu, narrowing her eyes at the young man in front of her. He wore a soft dark blue button-up with gray jeans. His blond hair was swept out of his blue eyes. A nervous but genuine smile tugged at his lips, curling the white scar above it. Reyna internally frowned because she wasn't Katie. "Sorry, no. I'm waiting for a Peter." Reyna replied. Her heart fluttered as the man's shoulders slumped in disappointment, taking a seat at the table beside her. The cool evening air caused Reyna's delicate curls to sway, tickling the bare skin of her shoulders. "Are you on a blind date as well?" She asked politely, taking a sip of her water. The silver watch on her left hand faced her. Peter was ten minutes late. "Yeah, my cousin set me up." The handsome stranger answered as he nodded thanks to the waiter. His eyes roamed over Reyna's form appreciatively before shyly meeting her gaze. "Peter's a lucky man." An unnatural giggle escaped Reyna's lips as she turned away to hide the blush. "If he doesn't appear in five minutes, Peter will be eat dinner alone." Reyna countered, returning his gaze again. "Thank you for the compliment…" "Jason," he supplied. Reyna introduced herself when his pocket vibrated. She tried not to look disappointed when she spotted 'Katie' on the screen. Reyna didn't want to sit here while Jason flirted with his date. She was about to stand up when Jason shook his head. "Looks like I'm unlucky. Katie just canceled." "Eat with me then." The words left Reyna's mouth before she could stop them. A pleasant surprise gleamed in his blue eyes. "What about Peter?" Jason asked as he stood up, switching to her table. Peter didn't stand a chance when you walked in. Reyna thought but kept it to herself as she pulled her phone out and texted Peter saying she had a headache. "Peter who?" She said innocently. Maybe there's a universe out there — happening now — where we end up together and when I close my eyes at night, I'm not dreaming the way a normal person would. Instead I'm seeing flashes of our lives in the multiverse. They're not simple dreams because I miss you, right? They're scientific, anachronistic visions. Reyna cringed as a ray of sunshine shined in her face. Birds chirped outside of her window. She could hear lawn mowers and water sprinklers joining the sound of a new day. The young woman groaned, not ready for a new day. She rolled over, snuggling against her bedmate. The scent of soap, fabric softener and male cologne tickled her nose. Reyna blinked and opened her eyes, observing him. Jason slept blissfully, unbothered by the sun and her shifting. His arm wrapped around her waist loosely, hand slipping underneath her tank top warm and comforting against the small of her back. His chin tucked against her shoulder. His warm breath fanned her skin. A stupid grin tugged at his kissable lips. Reyna grinned; feeling a warm burst of affection bloomed in her chest at the sight of Jason. She sat up, leaning over and covered his lips with hers. She could feel him slowly wake up underneath her when her lips gently caressed his. The arm around her tightened as he eagerly returned her kiss, pulling her over his body. He peppered more butterfly kisses over her cheek and down her slender neck. Jason nibbled lightly, coaxing laughter out of her mouth. Reyna leaned back, gently pushing her hand against Jason's bare chest. "Morning, sunshine." Jason greeted, lips still pressed against her skin. "Funny because the sun did wake me up." Reyna replied, settling on his broad chest. She drew circles on his chest as Jason stared up at her adoringly. He brushed a lock of her hair out of her face, cupping it gently. The cool feel of his wedding ring pressed against her cheek. "Good morning, Mr. Grace." "Yes, yes it is a good morning, Mrs. Grace." For instance: In this universe, I don't want a family, "Reyna," Jason pleaded as his young wife pulled the door of their apartment open and stomped through. He reached out, wrapping his fingers around her wrist to stop her forward motion. She struggled half-heartedly, hiding her face behind a curtain of thick hair. "Reyna, tell me what's wrong." He ordered, loosening his grip slightly. She's been acting odd since Percy told them about Annabeth's pregnancy. "Jason, I can see how much you want your own son or daughter." Reyna whispered, turning to face him. Her dark eyes were so sad as she looked at Jason like she failed him. Jason wanted to reach out and hold her. She sat down on their tan couch, wrapping her arms around herself. Jason sank down beside her. "I do, Reyna." Jason admitted, taking her hand in his. "Can you imagine a little girl with your dark hair and my eyes? Or maybe a boy with my mischievous grin and your smarts? Of course I want a family with you, Reyna." Reyna squeezed his hand back with a sad smile tugging at her lips. Jason pressed his lips against her temple. "Why don't you, Reyna?" "What if I'm a horrible mother?" She whispered in a soft voice. But maybe in another, I'm more of the type to settle down. Maybe there's a universe where you hold my hand while I give birth to our daughter in a white hospital room with pink flowers and fuzzy teddy bears on the window sill. Where we take family vacations and pose for dorky pictures in our neon bathing suits on the sands of a Florida beach. Where we curl up to watch a cheesy movie at the end of a long day in our big, green, suburban house once the kids have fallen asleep. Reyna stood at the sink, washing shiny red apples as she looked out the window. The cool water fell through her fingers as a smile tugged at her lips. Ethan, their energetic five-year old, chased their new puppy. The golden retriever lab ran circles around the kid through the green lawn of their backyard. A safe distance away, Naomi and Bianca, Percy's daughter, sat in the grass playing cards and chatting about whatever ten year olds talked about. A loud squeal escaped Naomi's mouth as the dog found her and viciously licked her ears. "Hey beautiful," a deep voice greeted Reyna as a pair of arms slipped around her waist. A firm chest pressed against her back, warm and steady. She leaned back against him, sliding her hand over his. "We have wonderful children. Must be the good genes." Reyna laughed as Jason kissed her shoulders affectionately. "They are wonderful. You spoil them ruthlessly." Reyna chastised, twisting in his arms to get a good look of her husband. A light splatter of scruff lined his strong chin. Blue eyes twinkled back at her as he kissed her temple. "Someone has too." He said against her hair. "Mom's a drill sergeant." Maybe there's a universe where we are middle-aged and taking our child to college and bickering over where to put her dresser or what posters she should hang up. Where you kiss her on the forehead 'goodbye' and we drive home in contented, proud silence, your fingers grazing my knuckles, our wedding rings glistening. Where we both have gray hair and we laugh and smile and hug and drink lemonade on the porch. "Now Naomi, don't hesitate to call for anything." Jason said as he hugged his only daughter once more. The tall dark-haired girl laughed as she returned the hug tightly, sharing a look with Reyna over her dad's shoulder. The dark shade of brown were exasperated by her father's attention. "Money, clothes, advice, anything. Alright?" "Dad, I'll be fine." She reassured him, pulling away to tuck a piece of her long hair out of her face. Naomi Grace looks so much like her mother with her dark silky locks of hair and sharp eyes. She had her father's smile as she pat his arm. "Everything is in my dorm. You helped me put everything in. I thought Mom was the worry wart." Reyna laughed as she smoothed a curl from her daughter's face. "He just doesn't like the idea of you with all these boys around." Reyna kidded, watching as her daughter's eyes grew wide. Reyna's sharp eyes didn't miss much even with age. She noticed a cute boy who was playing Frisbee with his friends. He was looking intently at her daughter, almost running into a trashcan. Jason wasn't oblivious of the attention as well, glaring at the young man. "Maybe we should stay one more day." Jason mentioned, eying the kid who turned around quickly. Reyna nudged his shoulder and shoot him a glare. "I'm joking. Ethan's little league game is tomorrow." Naomi frowned at the thought of her little brother. She was going to miss his championship game. "Give him an extra long hug for me, ok?" Naomi asked, grabbing Reyna into a long hug. She could feel her daughter's arms tremble slightly. She was scared. Reyna nodded her head, kissing Naomi's forehead before pulling away. "I expect a phone call from him." "I'll remind him. Love you and keep those boys in check, Nao." Reyna replied, pulling Jason towards their rented car. The couple sat there as their only daughter waved to them. Reyna watched as she smiled brightly at them before turning and catching a flying Frisbee. The tall agile girl