A/N: I know this doesn't exactly match the prompt but I'm reaching. The first five are before HoO and the last one is after BoO. Not the best work. The ending didn't come out exactly as I wanted. Mix of fluff and angst. Enjoy! Prompt: hey(: i saw your plea for a jeyna prompt and i was wondering if you could do a matchmaker fic? like, maybe leo or gwen or anyone at this point, really. i'd appreciate it. thank you! Five Times Jason and Reyna were mistaken as a Couple and the One Time They Weren't 1 "Ow, quit it Jason. It's just a scratch!" Reyna shouted as she tried to pull her arm out of his tight grip. Jason's fingers curled around her forearm as she struggled. She was about to kick his knee but he pulled up her sleeve, revealing a nasty cut wrapped with a dirty handkerchief. A stream of blood trailed down her arm. "Umm…" "Just a scratch?" Jason replied back, dragging the thirteen year old towards him. Reyna dug her heels in the sand, ready to make it as difficult as possible. With Jason's growth sprint, the boy gain both height and muscle on her. Reyna opened her mouth to argue but Jason lowered his head, invading her space. She pursued her lips, staring intently into his bright blue eyes. "We need to fix your definition of scratch. Sit down, we're getting this patched up." "I'll get it done later." Reyna said as Jason pushed her down on one of the training benches. The warm afternoon sun shined down on their back as Jason straddled the bench. He rolled her sleeve up, unraveling the dirty makeshift bandage. Reyna hissed, looking at the messy cut as it oozed blood. Jason gave her a pointed look that she rolled her eyes at. "Fine, go ahead and say 'I told you so'." "One of us has to be the adult." Jason murmured as he poured cool water over the cut. Reyna rolled her dark eyes and flinched but stayed still as Jason wrapped his clean handkerchief around her bicep. "You always fuss over my wounds." "That's because a Centurion is never around. Jackson is right there." She pointed across the arena where her Centurion stood up, fixing another trainee's wound. Jason didn't stay anything as he leaned back, finishing the knot. Jackson, tall brunette with a sly grin on his handsome face, stood there observing the two for a moment. "Jackson, look who took your job. Didn't medic Grace do a good job?" Jackson laughed as he approached, hiking his med kit up on his shoulder. "I'm sorry you have to deal with this brat." Jason apologized, dodging Reyna's violent swing. The Centurion laughed as he shook his head as the pair continued shoving each other. "You two would make a cute couple." Jackson commented, running his fingers through his brown hair. Reyna and Jason froze, looked at each other with wide eyes. Reyna and Jason stuck their tongues out at each other before running off, laughing at how crazy that idea was. 2 "Ah, it's so nice to be out of Camp Jupiter for once." Jason proclaimed as he stretched, tilting his head back. Reyna hummed in agreement beside him as they trudge through the crowded beach. Jason rubbed his shoulder, peeking over his shoulder where Gwen and Dakota were watching their things. The two were chatting casually. Dakota was playing with Gwen's flip-flops as she explained something to him. "So, when do you think Dakota will ask Gwen out?" "Hopefully soon." Reyna replied as she adjusted the straps of her bikini top. Her dark hair was loose from its usual braid with a wide brim beach hat. The two were oblivious of the stares they got from the mortal teens. "If he doesn't I'm shoving them into a closet. It's getting ridiculous." Jason laughed as they lined up at the ice cream cart. "The tension is killing me." "Ha, ha, I know." Jason commented when a huge gust of wind blew by, nearly tipping Reyna's hat off. Jason caught it, placed his hand on her head and lingered there a second longer than necessary. He tilted his head lower so they were faced to face, invading her space. "Do you need a strap?" He asked in a deep voice. Reyna retaliated with a slight shove as Jason laughed. "Well aren't you two just precious?" The Roman pair turned their head, realizing it was their turn. An elderly woman grinned widely at them. "Half-off for the adorable couple." Reyna blushed, opened her mouth to correct the older woman when Jason wrapped his arm around her shoulders. His fingers brushed against her bare back caught her off guard. "Thank you. We'll like four cones please." Jason replied with a charming smile. As soon as the woman turned away, Reyna dug her elbow into Jason's side. The boy groaned but wrapped both his arms securely around her. His mouth brushed her ear in a distracting manner. "That wasn't very nice, sweetheart." "Lying to the elderly isn't nice either, honey." Reyna countered as she twisted in Jason's arms, trying not to read into how nice they felt around her. "I'll give her a good tip." He murmured back, tugging the brim of her hat over her eyes. Reyna shook her head, seeing his lips curl into a handsome smile. 3 "Why am I coming?" Jason whined as Reyna tugged him through New Rome's residential district. They were both dressed casually, one of the rare days off especially for Reyna who was just promoted to Praetor. "You know Laura. There's no reason for me to come." "Jason, I want to make a good impression as Praetor. If we want to pass anything, we'll need her approval." Jason hummed in response as he tilted his head. Politics weren't really his thing. He paused for a moment as he observed Reyna. She looked especially nice today in a light blue sundress and matching sandals. Her hair was clipped up with a few bits framing her striking face. He slipped his hands in his shorts, smiling as Reyna looked around the intersection slightly lost. A tiny worried line appeared on her forehead. Jason inched closer to her, leaning down to whisper in her ear. "You could have told me I'm here for moral support." He grinned at her expression as she whirled around. A rosy flush brightened her face, making her look extremely beautiful. "Come on, it's this way." Jason said, gently bumping their shoulders. He cocked his head towards a set of stairs leading to a modest house where he grew up in. "Jay-Jay!" A sweet voice called out to Jason as they approached. His eyes lit up at the sound of his foster sister. An energetic three year old bounced at the gate. Her little hands wrapped around the bars as she looked at the pair with bright green eyes and adorable curls. "Jay-Jay!" "You still can't say my name right, kiddo?" Jason joked as he heaved the girl up in his arms. Aurelia laughed as she patted Jason's cheek. She looked at Reyna with wide eyes, waving to her with a huge smile. A woman in her early thirties popped her head up from the plants. She smiled softly at the sight of her daughter and foster son. "Hi Laura." Jason greeted, grinning at his foster mom. "Well, aren't you a sight for sore eyes, Centurion?" Laura teased as she walked over and pinched Jason's cheeks. Laura was beautiful with soft auburn hair and shining eyes her daughter inherited. She was praetor during her teen years and took it upon herself to raise Jason when he arrived. Motherhood suits her. Her skin glowed as she took Aurelia in her arms. "Little Aura didn't think you were coming back this weekend." "Someone bugged me to visit. She wanted to make a good impression." Jason replied, gently tugging Reyna forward by her elbow. Laura's eyes lit up when she noticed Reyna. "Ah, Reyna, you look so pretty out of those stuffy Roman togas." Laura complimented as she gently touched Reyna's arm. "Congratulations on your promotion. Camp Jupiter is in good hands." Aurelia reached out for Reyna, opening and closing her tiny hands. Reyna laughed, taking the girl as her mother passed her over. She listened patiently as Aurelia spoke to her, pointing to various flowers in the garden. Jason's eyes followed them as he felt Laura slip her arm into the crook of Jason's. "You know your girlfriend doesn't have to be praetor before you introduce us formally, Jason." "She…" Jason was about to deny but stopped, watching as Aurelia held a flower up to Reyna's nose. The praetor beamed at the young girl, sitting on the grass so they were eye-level. A huge stunning smile tugged at her lips as she held the three year old in her arms. "We're not…" Laura gave Jason a knowing smile and hummed as she pulled her foster son to the giggling girls. 4 Reyna hated the infirmary. It was also somber and sterile, so impersonal it made her feel sick. Reyna ran her fingers over the soft material of her SPQR sweatshirt sleeve, walking through the hall as her eyes flickered around. The halls were surprisingly quiet given they just fought off another wave of Krois' monsters. Things were getting more violent. "I'm sorry miss, you can't go down that hall." Reyna turned at the kind nurse. She wore light purple scrubs with a red cross on her sleeve. "Only family or significant others can visit." Out of her usual war armor and deep purple toga, Reyna looked like any other camper. Her hair was twisted in a simple ponytail. Her eyes were probably sunken from late nights of planning. Being praetor for only a few months, they wouldn't recognize her face. "Jason Grace is here, right?" Reyna asked, placing her hands in the front pouch of her sweatshirt. The woman beckoned her to the desk as she checked the charts. "I'm his girlfriend." The lie slipped out of her lips so easily. The woman looked up, lips parted before nodding her head. She filled out a form before sliding it to Reyna. "Just sign your name here and clip this tag to your shirt. He's in room twelve." Reyna followed her instructions and quickly rushed down the hall. The door eased open underneath her hands as she gently pushed it. She wiped her hands on her jeans as she sat down, looking at the still form of Jason. He was in a white patient gown, making his lightly tan skin glow. It was eerie. All the scars, bruises and cuts that should mar his body were erased away by the ambrosia. He was just sleeping for three days now. "Sorry I haven't visited sooner." Reyna whispered to the dead air as she slipped her hand across the white sheets. Her hand found his, cool to the touch. "I… I couldn't bring myself to come here. You usually bounce back from any fight. What's going on?" Not that she was expecting an answer. Reyna inched forward, pressing her knees against the bed. "I had to lie to get in here by the way. You made me a liar." She closed her eyes, imagining his response. His lips would curl up, causing his tiny scar to twist as well. Broad shoulders lift up in a half-shrug as he reached out to ruffle her hair. You can't stay away from me, Ramirez. He'd laugh as he pulled her close. Reyna opened her eyes, looking at his quiet form so different than her imagination. "Get up idiot. I need you to get up." The door slid soundlessly behind Reyna. The cool air brushed bits of her hair. "You could have used your status to get in here, you know." Atticus, the older praetor told her as he stepped into the room. He was in his early twenties,