Please remember this is AU and so no angsty Katniss as she point blank refused to be written like that. Don't kill me. For the sake of simplicity and the fact I'm not a huge fan of long winded love triangles, Gale and Katniss's relationship is purely platonic. The M+ rating is for later but the whole thing is dripping in sexual tension so I apologise. Though, what can you expect when the version of Peeta you are trying to write tells you he wants to be the confident, uber suave and outrageously sexy one. He refused to be written onto paper otherwise. Katniss had no chance. I do not own nor claim copyright to any part of the Hunger Games. "Cinna for the love of god this is a ridiculously bad idea." The man in question pouted, which should have looked ridiculous or at least disturbingly feminine on any fully grown guy, but Cinna somehow managed to look adorable, like a kid being denied his toy. Which in a way, he was. There was no way in hell I was going along with his suggestion. Whether or not I owed him a years' worth of favours for the work he has arranged for me, or the doors that have opened in the world just by mentioning he was a good friend. Cinna was this decades must have designer. The things he managed to create out of a yard of fabric were extraordinary. It also helped he was probably the most beautiful man this side of New York. Mocha coloured skin and cheekbones so sharp you could probably grate cheese off the side of them meant he was never wanting for female companionship. Or male, which was lucky considering that was the gender he was more interested in. "Please Katniss I promised Finnick I'd have a surprise for his charity auction and what would pull the big spenders in more than a date with the Girl on Fire?" He pleaded. I rolled my eyes. He was of course referring to our first season together. Four years ago, A/W 09. When a new and exciting but not well known designer paired up with me, the girl who wore her old hunting boots about town and wore her hair in a braid so often it was starting to develop a wave. The dress he created was a vision of fiery red and orange hues that, as I reached the end of the catwalk, looked as though it caught fire as I span, and was so in demand I saw it copied time and time again that autumn. The moment Balenciaga referenced it as the inspiration behind his A/W catalogue of '10, I knew Cinna had made it. And the only reason Cinna was referencing it was because he knew how much that first walk meant to me. Damn him. Trust him to go for the weak spot. "Fine. I'll do it. But I swear to god if some sugar daddy who is old enough to be my grandfather wins that night, I will kill you before you are able to make another dress." "Oh please, you love wearing my creations too much." "Don't be so sure! You of all people know how good I am with an arrow!" Cinna rolled his eyes, but it was true. Upon learning I had been on the school archery team (and had indeed gone national) Cinna had urged me to use it in the '11 W/S run. I remembered that run like it was yesterday, Cinna calling out to me during rehearsals. "Now remember Katniss, you are unforgiving, do not spare the audience even a glance as they are beneath you and shoot the arrow at the end of the walk towards the ceiling. I'll organise for the thing to be set ablaze." "Cinna, I am beginning to think you are a pyromaniac." For those who don't know, Finnick and Annie Odair are the most influential socialite couple of Manhattan. Finnick, the most celebrated swimmer America had to offer behind Michael Phelps in his teens, consequently made his money through being the face of Adonis - the Nike of the swim world. Annie however had been relatively unknown until she appeared on the arm of the very single very eligible Mr Odair. At first dismissed as simply the latest in his string of short term squeezes (despite being the prettiest by a mile), it wasn't until an engagement ring had appeared on her left hand that people went a little crazy. They now hosted the best parties and were two of the nicest people I have ever had the privilege to meet. They were into charity work, so I wasn't surprised to hear of this massive charity auction. Neither was I surprised to see Finnick's number flash across my phone as I left Cinna's studio. "News certainly travels fast." "Oh don't be like that! Won't it be fun?" Finnick says and I can't help he's mocking me, "Don't worry, I'll be sure to invite all the rich, eligible bachelors... over 60 of course. Just looking after your... assets." He said this with such a sleazy tone if it had been anyone but Finnick on the line I would have hung up. I knew for a fact Annie had him wrapped round her little finger and he was head over heels devoted to her. It was nauseatingly romantic. I heard a screech of indignation and muffled giggling until a different voice came to the phone. "Hey Katniss what's up?" Annie's breathy tone filtered through the speaker and I had to sigh with relief at being able to converse with the sane one out of the pair. "Tell your fiancé to calm down and remind him he's marrying you?" I spoke good naturedly. Annie laughed, "Oh he knows." Muffled, I could hear Finnick holler, "Damn straight, I'm marrying the most gorgeous woman in the whole of Manhattan!" Annie giggled. "Uhm, so, when is this auction exactly?" I quickly butted in before it turned into a love fest between the two of them. "It's this Friday Katniss. Don't worry, there are no rehearsals for you or anything, just turn up looking pretty and we'll do the rest!" About fifteen minutes later I hung up promising to go see them soon for a catch up and groaned. Guess this ridiculously embarrassing affair was really happening. I better phone Cinna for a dress. "Gale, can you accompany me to this stupid auction this Friday?" I was sitting in a coffee shop stirring my hot chocolate with my best friend when I asked this question. We had briefly discussed the event earlier in the day but his main response was incredulity when I told him what my role was. "A date with you? Why on earth would any man subject themselves to that?" He had laughed, "Guantanamo Bay should implement it as a form of torture. He had been speaking from experience; we had tried dating for a brief spell in high school when everyone else couldn't believe we weren't. Between a disastrous date featuring a rogue stray dog who took a disliking to me, and Gale breaking his nose, we decided to forgo that particular idea for our health and safety. "Of course Catnip, I want to go to see if there are any young eligible bachelorettes who'd care to date me. Free of charge of course, can't put a price on perfection." He winked. I laughed, "Only because no one would pay!" "Shut up!" Walking up to the Odairs house, I was hard pressed to see how anyone would want ever want to leave somewhere as gorgeous as this. A sprawling Victorian mansion, it could sleep about 100, and that was when you weren't sleeping on every available carpet space, which was a frequent after effect of their parties. I'm surprised I haven't developed back problems. Ringing the bell, Gale and I stood in companionable silence, though inwardly I jittered with nerves as a million nightmare scenarios of just who might be at the other end of the bidding. I swear if some Hugh Heffner wannabe decided I was his arm candy for the night I'd just pay for the date myself. Heaven knows after the last four years working with Cinna I could probably afford it. I doubted bidding would go that high. The solid oak door swung open with a screech. "Katniss, Gale, good evening!" Annie smiled a welcome, looking almost ethereal in a long cream white one shouldered dress. "You are looking an absolute vision tonight Katniss! I'm guessing Cinna?" She questioned and I smiled. "Guilty! He knows me too well for me to even question wearing anything else these days!" Upon asking Cinna if he happened to have a creation that would be suitable for the auction, the idiot had gone into a frenzy of activity and created one from scratch. But I couldn't even pretend to be annoyed as it was the most gorgeous dress he had ever designed, Girl on Fire included. Sleeveless, the corset bodice gave way to a floaty fabric that fluttered round my ankles everytime I moved. The colour was hard to define, due to the fact it started at a pale and milky blue at my bust and gradually darkened until it was a dark cobalt blue at the bottom. "It will be the ice to your fire." He had said, laughing with a touch of hysteria since, knowing him, he will have had a grand total of 10 hours sleep in the past four days just to get it finished. When Cinna gets inspired, there is very little that can stop him and something as insignificant as sleep certainly doesn't stop him in his tracks. "Come in, come in! The auction doesn't start for another hour so let me introduce you to some of the people we've invited!" Tucking her small hands between our arms so she stood in the middle of Gale and I, Annie swept through the hallway where we quickly stripped of our coats, realising that Mrs soon-to-be Odair was on a mission. Upon entering the massive dining hall, one of three in the whole house, my jaw dropped. They had moved the massive oak table that normally lounged across the room and instead dotted small, ornate tables around - upon which sat canapés and flutes of champagne. The room was already crammed full of people, which didn't surprise me. Finnick and Annie's get togethers were the event of the season and everyone wanted on the guest list. Amongst the crowd I could even spot a few celebrity names, and despite the fact I had been moving in upper social circles for the best part of three years didn't mean there wasn't still a small part of me that screamed and wanted to run across and ask for autographs. "First of all let me introduce you to a very good friend of mine if I can even find her... Ah! There she is." Moving through the crowd with a skill only a hostess can pull off, Annie located and pulled across the person in question. I felt Gale shift suddenly beside me and looked up to see him transfixed. Looking back towards Annie's companion, I could kind of see why. "Gale, Katniss, meet Johanna Mason. Johanna - this is Gale Hawthorne and Katniss Everdeen." The woman nodded, and I couldn't help but watch Gale gulp beside me. I was enjoying his reaction. Good, so he's found someone I can ditch him with. Johanna was quite a small, dainty looking woman at first glance. With short brown hair that stuck out in all directions (I had no doubt this 'devil-may-care' look had taken hours to perfect with help of a stylist) that should have looked rather odd but only managed to accentuate her wide set dark eyes and elfin like looks. But when she moved I could see well used muscles ripple and flex. The girl was