"Get out of my car or I'll make you!" Jordan Fitch yelled at me. I told him that I wanted to break up a few moments ago and I didn't really have an answer as to why I wanted to break up. Well other than me moving away and I just didn't do long distance relationships. His response was what I thought he would give me. I would be on a plane tomorrow to move up to Washington with my father. So I assumed my relationship with Jordan was over. In other words he threw a bitch fit. I tried telling him that I don't do long distance relationships but this was his tantrum. "That's fine with me. See you on the flip side Jordan. Oh and erase my number." I got out of the car and walked up my driveway. His door opened but I didn't turn around. "You'll be sorry you ever broke up with me! I love you, Bella! Please? You could move in with me and my mom. She loves you, too!" He yelled after me and I finally stopped and turned. "Your mother hates my guts! She wants you all to herself and I'm too happy to oblige! Goodbye Jordan I hope I never see you again!" Sherry really did hate me. The first time I was in her house Jordan slammed the front door and her really old cookie jar fell off a shelf and broke. I tried explaining but she wouldn't even give it a thought that it was her precious sons fault. "My son would never do that! He's a good boy, aren't you sweetie?" And the jerk wouldn't stand up for me! What the hell?! Now I heard him get back in his supped up car and scream one last time out the window as if that would make me fall to my knees and beg him to take me back. "You'll be sorry I promise you that!" What a dick! Why did I put up with him for so long? Shaking my head I went inside and packed anything else that was lying around. The morning came and it found me on a plane to Washington with my father. We probably only said a handful of words to each other all day. Things like excuse me I have to use the bathroom. Or, do you want this? Little things. We hardly ever talk but that's fine with me. If my mother, Renee, was still alive she would've already had a conversation with the lady in the next seat and gushed over her baby. Thought out that day the only thing I was grateful for was that the baby didn't cry once. The plane finally touched down and Charlie went to get a rental. I cursed myself for being so nonobservant because I would've went with him and got a car I wasn't afraid to be seen in. Luck wasn't with me and Charlie pulled to the curb in a hybrid Camry. No. Way. I glared at my father and he just shrugged. "They didn't have anything better." "ANYTHING is better than a CAMRY!" I fixed up old cars and anything I could get my hands on. My only friend was doing me a huge favor and riding my motorcycle up here and then I was having my car driven by someone else. I could wait but hopefully it will be here by Monday morning. It was Thursday now. Charlie bought us a two story house with three bedrooms, two baths, an expansive garage for me, and a basement which was odd for this side of the country but I wasn't complaining. Heaving my bags to the top of the stairs I checked for the biggest room. The one on the right hand side had its own bathroom and I staked my claim immediately and Charlie would have to knock me out before he could move me. Turned out it only took three words. "I'm a girl." I didn't know if I could go through my whole life with those words but I would try. I didn't turn in my homework. I'm a girl. Why are you running late? I'm a girl. Why aren't you dressing out? I'm a girl. Why do you hog the bathroom? I'm a girl. Why does it take you so long to get dressed? I'm a girl. Why do you spend so much money on clothes? I'm a girl. As simple as. The movers got here a few moments after we did and we helped them get things out of the truck. So four hours later I was slipping sheets on my bed and putting clothes away when a knock sounded through the house. I went down stairs and Charlie was there greeting an old friend he hadn't seen since he moved from here. "Bella! Come down here. You remember Billy Black? I used to go fishing with him all the time when you were younger and you would play with his son Jacob." I remembered. It was before mom died and we moved away. Why we were back, I had no clue. "Oh my! You've grown up into a lovely young woman Bella!" My cheeks burned and I looked down mumbling a thank you. "Dad I haven't finished unpacking everything so I'll be up stairs then I'll come down here and unpack the kitchen." He nodded to me and I ran back upstairs. In the very last box I found my iPod dock and I kissed it. I was going crazy without listing to music this long. After that unpacking went quickly and I fell into an exhausted sleep. I was disoriented in the morning until I remembered and I went into my bathroom for a much needed shower. Looking into the mirror I laughed. Red crease marks graced my white cheeks. Long black hair fell to my waist in tangles and I dreaded to brush it out. Cutting it would make it so much easier to handle but my mom never wanted me to so I haven't since she died three years ago. It still hurt to think about her and the littlest things would send a shooting pain through my heart. My big brown eyes framed by dark lashes looked sleepy and full pink lips were dry. The shower felt so good I didn't get out until the water ran cold and then I went down to find Charlie left a note telling me he went fishing with Billy. So he would bring home fish tonight and I didn't have any food in the house. Great! The Stater Bros in town wasn't very big but was one, if the only, grocery store around. Filling up my basket I made my way to the horrid car and shoved everything in the back. My cell phone rang out One Headlight by Bringing Down the Horse. (Great song btw) "Hello?" "Is this Isabella Swan?" A musical voice on the other end asked. "Yes. Who is this?" "This is Doctor Cullen. A man brought your father in just a few minutes ago with a gash on his head. It doesn't look serious, but he will be held in the hospital for the night so that we can observe him. Can you come down here so we can talk more?" "I'm on my way Doctor. Thank you!" "You're welcome." I disconnected with him and pulled out of the parking lot. I was so worried. He couldn't leave me too. Not after mom. No he would be alright. I told myself. He had to be. I made it to the small hospital that looked more like a library than anything but I wouldn't judge even when a sign indicated that the library was the next building over. The woman at the front desk looked up as I came to a screeching halt. "My father was just admitted and I'm his daughter Isabella Swan." I hated my long name but I didn't want to go into it with this woman. "Oh yes. The doctor is waiting for you. Down this hall make a right then it's the second door on the right. Good luck sweetie." She said as I ran down the hall. Not trying to be rude I knocked and rushed in when he told me to enter. "Are you Doctor Cullen?" I asked my breath coming in rugged gasps. "Yes please sit down. Your father is probably going to be okay but we want to make sure so were keeping him over night." "What happened?" "I'm telling you what his friend told me. Apparently he had caught a fish and was so excited he stood up to reel it in but slipped in some water at the bottom of the boat and came down hard. He knocks his head on the side as he tumbled over the side. If it wasn't for his friend being there he would have drowned. He hurt his knee pretty bad and will walk with a limp for a few days and he'll probably feel dizzy whenever he moves his head fast but. . . "The doctor shrugged. "He's sleeping now but when he wakes up you can see him." I thought all of this over silently then looked up and for the first time since entering this room I realized that he was very handsome. Golden blonde hair the same color as his eyes. High cheek bones and thin lips. A perfect smile and he moved with such grace I found myself jealous but only for an instant. A gold wedding band graced his ring finger. The nurses probably flirted with him shamelessly. He wore white with tan slacks and black dressy shoes. I felt so under dressed next to him, since I was wearing faded jeans with holes in them and a navy blue tank. I threw a flannel on over it. Nikes covered my feet but suddenly I wanted to change. Oh well can't go back now. "So. What should I do? Is there anything I can do?" I asked desperately. "Not much. I'll be watching over him all night and I want you to know that he's in good hands. Just stay by the phone and I'll be calling if he wakes up." I thanked the doctor and stood up. "Oh before I go! Have you seen my father's friend? Billy Black? The man who brought him in?" "Yes I believe he's still in the waiting room." I thanked him again and said I'll be seeing him then I walked to the waiting room. Billy was there with his head in his hands. "Billy?" He jerked his head up at the sound of my voice. "Oh Bella! I'm so sorry. We just got caught up in fishing and one thing happened after another!" He explained frantically. I shushed him and told him what the doctor told me. He had jumped in the river after my father but was now dry and smelling heavily of fish. "You can go on home now Billy. Ill contact you when I know more or if he wakes up okay?" He started to protest but I just told him to go and get a shower and rest. He went and I sat there. I wasn't one for prayer so I didn't ask God for my father's recovery. What happens happens. That's what I've been told my whole life and I wouldn't bend now. After a while of just staring at the wall the thought of going home was the best idea I could muster. It wouldn't do any good sitting around while I had things to do. Staying strong for Charlie was what I had to do so I would try. I would have my cell on and next to me at all times. The house felt empty knowing that my father was in the hospital and not knowing how hard he hit his head. To bide my time I unpacked the last few