~FemPercy: Persephone Jackson: Perse or Seph ~ This was it. The last time she'd be able to see them for years. She couldn't help the hot trail of tears that spilt down her cheeks. Not that she was alone in that. Matching tracks wet her cousin's cheeks too. Though they weren't technically her cousins, the same way Poseidon, Hades and Zeus weren't actually related by blood, neither were they. But throughout the years, after the second giant war, the two had become her family. Thalia had taken on the role as their elder sister. After Artemis had released Thalia of her position as a huntress, she had raised Thalia's age to how old she would have been if she hadn't joined the hunt. Being her patron Goddess, Artemis could do that. The reason Thalia had left the hunt was Artemis had realised Thalia wasn't happy as she was, watching her other friends age, whilst she stayed an immortal teenager forever. Thalia wasn't like the other hunters either, she could never muster up the same hate for men, and it had become apparent to Artemis that Thalia hadn't been entirely comfortable. So as much as she had wanted Thalia to stay, she couldn't carry on knowing Thalia was miserable. Then there was Nico who had truly matured once Hades had sped up his aging rate, until he was Perse's age. It didn't leave Nico as a child in a young adult's body, but rather, sped up his whole aging rate, mind and body. With that Nico had learned to accept what was and he carried on in his life instead of clinging to the past. They all clashed at times, Perse and Thalia most of all, but one of them (normally Nico) was – most of time – able to help mediate and control the situation so nothing too severe occurred. The boy had mellowed out into a young man and though he still had a very prominent dangerous edge to him, he never turned it to Thalia or Seph. It had also shown Nico's penchant for sarcasm and ironic statements that occurred daily. As well as leading Thalia and Perse into discovering Nico's affinity for dancing, which had led to a lot of questions and uncharacteristic squealing. The thought led Persephone's mind down a different route. A much more dangerous route. She remembered the times Nico had spent hours teaching her to dance, how she had come to love the lessons, just for the chance to be held in his strong arms and spun round to meet him, loving the way his dark eyes would sparkle with excitement and the grin that would cross his lips. She remembered the slow walks along the beach at night and the whispered confessions. The smouldering touches and breathless, slow, sweet kisses. She remembered the feeling of belonging. Of safety. Of unconditional, overwhelming love. And it made her want to scream. Because what right did they have to take that away from her? What right did they have to destroy her world like this? After everything she'd done for them. Why? They knew she'd never accept immortality. It wasn't her future. She was mortal, and she was happy that way. She had met so many amazing people in her life, been so many places, had so many experiences, and she wouldn't change it. But, she didn't want to live forever. Everything has to come to an end eventually, and she was content to let that be. She wanted to be able to one day join her lost loved ones in the afterlife. Immortality always ended in tragedy. So many people got hurt. It left you, if not broken, then jaded and aching with loss and sorrow. This was a prime example. The gods had called them here today, to offer them immortality for their services for Olympus and the world. So that in the case of another threat in the future, then they would be prepared. All the major players in the defeat of Gaia and the other Titans were there. Both Roman and Greek. One by one they all accepted immortality. Though it saddened her, Persephone had known what they would say before they had said it. Until they got to her, Thalia and Nico. Zeus had been first. He had asked Thalia if she would accept the gift of immortality, and in reply she told him it was not something she wished for and that she would decline the offer. To their growing horror, Zeus had only sighed in resignation before, "I am sorry my child, truly I am, but I cannot take that risk." With that Thalia was stripped of her mortality. She could neither age, nor die in battle. She was eternally immortal. The throne room had been silent, nobody dared to speak and electricity exploded out of Thalia and danced around her, before she broke the silence. "Why?" Once simple word. But it conveyed so much meaning. Why me? Why would you do this to me when you have Jason? Why would you ignore my wishes? Why would you condemn your daughter, whom you claim to care for, to a life that she neither wants nor needs? Why would you betray me like that? They all heard the implied questions, but Zeus did not reply. Only muttered a faint apology, before turning his gaze to Hades. That was the moment the walls started closing in. Her chest tightened and her palms had started to bleed small rivers down her palms. Losing Thalia had been a shock, something none of them had expected, it had frozen them in disbelief. But the moment she looked at Hades, it all came crashing down and she wanted to yell, she wanted to do something, anything at all to stop that fatal question from being asked, as if that could somehow stop the inevitable. But it wouldn't, the fates had decided on a course and she couldn't stop it. She faintly registered a sharp, strangled gasp from one of the thrones, one of the gods. But her ears were ringing and she turned to watch as a dark aura surrounded Nico, enveloping him and taking his mortality from him. She couldn't breathe. Her head was pounding and she had never felt so helpless in her entire life. Then her father was in front of her and she was being enveloped in a hug. She couldn't help but relax, he smelt like the sea, he smelt like safety and home. "Breathe my child. Breathe." Her father's deep, rumbling voice soothed her panic, but still left her shaking, but steadier as he pulled away. She gave him a shaky nod when he looked at her worriedly. He didn't move away, even when Zeus ordered him to return to his seat. Poseidon only sent his brother a dark, withering look, before turning to Persephone once more. "Persephone. I will not force you into this. I promise you that on the Styx. But will you accept immortality? I will not be any less proud of you if you decline. It is a hard choice to make, but it is yours." Her father's eyes were soft but fierce as he spoke to her so that only she could hear him. Persephone stared back at him. It was her choice to make. She could choose immortality, and live for eternity with Thalia, Nico and the others. But she would never join her mortal mother once she passed, she would never re-join all the heroes that she had fought beside over the years, she would never rest. She would spend the rest of her eternal life living a life that she resented, a life she had never wanted nor wished for. Her fatal flaw was personal loyalty, but she had to be true to herself too. The question was, could she do that to Thalia and Nico? They had had this life forced onto them. Could she leave them? She didn't know whether she could. "Seph." It was whispered, almost not there at all, but she heard it. She turned her head and met the eyes of two of her most precious people. Electric blue and shadowy black orbs stared back at her. "It's okay." It was Thalia. "Make this choice for you, not for us." Her decision began to unthread, slowly becoming undone. "I want you to be happy Seph, don't do this. I know it's not what you want. You deserve Elysium. You deserve peace." Her decision splintered, it was barely holding on. Obsidian eyes shimmered, but stared defiantly back at her. "Nico…" "No Pers. Nico's right. Don't. Then at least one of us will be happy. If you can't make the choice on your own, let us help you. Immortality is a curse. We don't want you to hold the same curse. Please." Thalia was beyond pleading, she was begging. Persephone could feel her decision weakening. But… "Please adorato. " She knew adorato meant beloved in Italian. Nico had been teaching her to speak the language. Her decision fled. She couldn't. Not when they would so obviously blame themselves for it. She couldn't do that to them, and she couldn't do it to herself either. "I'm sorry. But I can't accept. I will stay mortal." She squeezed her eyes shut to stop the tears from escaping. "So be it." "Poseidon-" "No Zeus. I will not force my daughter into a life of immortal misery. She has made her decision and you will respect it." It was then that everybody remembered just why Poseidon was one of the most feared gods. There was a reason Zeus was so mistrusting of him. It was because he held so much power. Zeus didn't agree or concede, not willing to be proven weaker than Poseidon, but it didn't escape anybody's notice that he did not dare to disagree. And so her world had split. It would never be the same again. There were rules obstructing relationships between mortals and immortals. Even though that wouldn't have stopped them, Thalia and Nico would both be expected to perform duties and that would keep them busy for long time before they got used to the load and learned how to balance in their new life. This was goodbye. Thalia had immediately grasped Persephone in a hug. "You're my baby sister Seph, don't forget that. I love you no matter what, always and forever, okay." The whole thing was rushed and desperate, but Persephone just clung to Thalia tighter and nodded her head against the older girl's neck. "I know Thals. You too. I love you okay, don't you dare forget." "I won't, I promise." They clung to each other for a few more minutes before Thalia pulled away shakily. "I'll wait outside." Thalia slipped outside, leaving Nico and Persephone alone. "Nico." He was immediately across the room and she crumpled against him as the sobs racked her body. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry." The apologies were rapid and with each word Persephone pressed closer to Nico, the tremors racking her body becoming more violent as they built up. Nico was quick to stop them though. "Persephone." His eyes were as intense as ever and his smile as soft, smaller than normal, but no less true. "There is nothing to forgive. Okay? Nothing. I want you to live. I want you to be happy. Never apologise for that okay?" "But I left you, I-" Nico quickly cut her off. "You did not leave me. It was my father that made the decision to press immortality onto me, and Thalia's onto her. Don't you dare apologise for something that was never your fault. I will forever be grateful to Poseidon for being a father to you. He loves you and he showed that today, because he did what was best for you, and nothing makes me more relieved. Understand?" Persephone stared at Nico. He gently kissed her eyelids, "Trust me Persephone, I'm a son of Hades,