A/N: It's best to read my fic 'My Eternal Heart' before reading this as it will give you the context behind the story, as it leads almost right from where I left off. Also, the relationship between Poseidon and Persephone IS NOT INCESTUAL in the slightest. Poseidon is just very protective of her, especially as she is his first daughter, and Persephone loves her dad, but she didn't grow up with him, so she is always very aware of his presence. The waves washed against her feet like a caress and she revelled in the feeling. It had been three days since the incident at Olympus and Persephone felt empty. She hadn't wanted to return to camp half-blood where all she'd receive were stares and whispers. She'd tried to return home but she couldn't face her mother. She didn't want the pity she'd receive, or the smothering. So she'd gone to the only place she'd ever felt safe. The only place she'd ever really felt at home. The Sea. Montauk beach to be specific. She had rented the cabin she used to stay in with her mother, using the Mist on the man she'd rented it from. Too empty to care about the morality of it. After all, who was there to judge her? She'd spent the first day sleeping, Morpheus had been lenient and her dreams were blissfully empty that night, she'd sunk into a dark void, absent of any emotion. She'd only awoken once the sun had gone down and the temperature had plummeted. That night the seas around Montauk had been furious. Persephone had screeched into the night, her wails so despairing that even the creatures of the Sea didn't dare approach her. She'd stood against the tide, never allowing it to touch her, knowing if it did then she'd give in, sink into the bliss of home and never emerge, that the seas would settle. That she would give in. She would have been too weak to stay ashore. The second day she'd returned to her cabin when dawn broke and spent the day sitting silently, feeling the sting of her still raw throat every time she swallowed. Refusing to drink. Eating nothing. She'd once again given into her fatigue and slept until the rays of the sun no longer filtered through the cracks in the cabin and there was no other mortal soul to be found on Montauk beach. When the moon shone silver was when she slipped out of her cabin. That night she stood against the sea again, but it had been still. Unnaturally so. The creatures of the sea hadn't spoken to her that night. Sensing the unnatural calm and understanding it for what it was. An unspoken fury, an emptiness so dark no one dared shine a light to see what lay behind it. The creatures of the sea had heard her unspoken plea and the sea was silent that night. The third day she'd returned to her cabin, but she hadn't slept. Instead she'd sat. She had sat for hours until finally, she had sighed and stood. She'd emerged from her cabin, blinking in the sunlight. Not wanting to face many people, she'd walked along the edge of the beach, until she got to an uninhabited area. There, she had walked to the edge of the sea, making sure she wasn't touching the tide. Just watching it pull in and out. She'd toed of her shoes, removing her socks in the process, and kicked them behind her, letting her feet sink into the sand. Then, she'd called to the sea and it had come rushing to meet her. It had flowed over her feet and as it had pulled out, Persephone had moved with it, not wanting the comfort of the water to be stolen from her. She'd stood in the water up to her ankles. Wanting to submerge herself in it, but scared that if she did she would never emerge. She knew it would kill her mother if she suddenly disappeared without even saying goodbye. She'd promised Grover she'd visit him even if he was the Lord of the Wild now, and for that to happen she had to remain on land. But the sea was so calming, and for the first time in days, she didn't feel empty or angry. Feeling flowed back into her slowly as the water started tracing its way up her body. The cool liquid refreshing her, and removing any staleness from her body, letting her think and settling the hunger pangs she had brought on herself from her self-imposed starvation. The gnawing was still there though, and reluctantly Persephone disengaged herself from the seas embrace, feeling the emptiness closing in around her as it did so. Before picking up her shoes from where she'd kicked them she drank in the open depth of the sea, pulsing with life, before turning back and returning to the populated area to find something to eat, before returning to her cabin. Now it was the third night and something was different in Persephone's mood. The creatures of the sea could feel it. They had watched from beneath the surface as a beautiful figure with long, dark hair approached. Her sea green eyes were shadowy, with pools of moonlight reflecting off the ocean and making them glow. The figure's feet were bare as she tread softly across the sand. She wore a bright orange top, but it was dull in the moonlight and a dark pair of worn jeans that clung lightly to the young woman's legs. Her face was expressionless as she stopped just before the tide. But tonight the creatures of the sea weren't silent. They whispered. The bravest of them called to their Lady. The Princess of the Sea. Poseidon's most beloved. She heard them. She heard their voices and she let them wash over her. Her loyal subjects. As the daughter of Poseidon they answered to her. They loved her. For the first time in days, Persephone felt a small smile curl her lips. Feeling the ocean wash against her feet. The expression didn't go unnoticed, and the sea exploded with frenzied whispers. Persephone let out a surprised laugh, and let their concerned, loving whispers carry her spirit. Shedding her shirt and jeans (she could have just repelled the water, but she didn't want to), Persephone moved with the ocean, letting it pull her deeper, feeling it buzz around her. Almost immediately upon submerging, she was met by two nymphs. Both wore overjoyed smiles on their faces, and Persephone smiled at them, letting them link their fingers through hers as they guided her deeper into the Montauk seas. As they did so Persephone felt something wrap around her, and looked down to see where she had previously just been clothed in her underwear, now she wore a flowing, deep sea green dress that felt weightless and as if she were wearing water, even though Persephone was positive it was a solid material. Smiling, Persephone recognised it as the work of her father. It was beautiful, and she felt utterly comfortable in it. The nymphs – Alesia and Neela – winked at her and laughed delicately when she expressed her astonishment as she was met by what seemed like all the sea creatures in the surrounding areas. Mythical and not. There were sea Nymphs, and fishes and crabs, and so many other citizens of the sea that Persephone was slightly overwhelmed. "They all wanted to meet you." It was Alesia, whispering gently in her ear. "We felt your pain My Lady. We all wanted to help." It was an old Merman. He was looking at her warmly, and Persephone was unbelievably touched. Mermen were notoriously proud, as were Mermaids. They usually presided over Poseidon's courts, and lived in heavily mythological waters but it wasn't unknown for some to prefer a quieter life. "Thank you. All of you. You have no idea how much that means. And you have helped me. So much. Just by being there, and being patient with me. I can feel you all, you've reminded me there are things worth living for. People worth living for. You are all the people of the sea, just as I am, and I'm honoured to be worthy of your devotion." Persephone felt like choking up as she spoke to those surrounding her, and she couldn't help but let out a little laugh when a young fish came and nudged her gently, it was like fish hug. Soon, many of the other sea creatures came and approached her, just nudging her, or whispering things to her. Then it was the more humanoid subjects of the sea. The old Merman and his granddaughter, then some more Nymphs, though many of them smiled and waved, not wanting to overwhelming her. They knew she wasn't going anywhere. Not anytime soon. They'd have their chance eventually. There were also a few creatures she didn't know the names of. Nymphs were always female, but there were male spirits that floated amongst the waves, with the same unnatural beauty as the Nymphs. She'd have to ask her father about that later. For the rest of the day Persephone spent it being led around the Montauk seas and meeting the various creatures living there. She had a lovely conversation with one siren. It turned out sirens were really quite nice people as long as you aren't their victims. Then they could be terrifying. But it's not something Persephone would hold against them. It was in their nature after all. When a small not-a-Nymph boy had come up to her with such a sweet angelic face, Persephone had melted. He had been so sweet, and then she'd found out he was Alesia's son. Alesia had explained to her, that over the past few hundreds of years, the male Nymphs had come about, but because it had happened after the age of Greek Mythology, and they weren't as social with non-sea-beings they weren't recorded in the myths, and only certain children of Poseidon had ever really been aware of their presence, with none of them feeling the need to inform the world of their existence. As the night wore on, Persephone found herself noticing certain things about the citizens of the Montauk seas that she hadn't really registered before. In contrast to the rest of modern Ancient Greek civilization, they didn't wear modern clothing, nor use modern technology. It was as though they hadn't moved on from Ancient Greek times. Although they could speak English perfectly, they also spoke Ancient Greek to her, knowing she could understand it, the two mixed together and both registered so naturally in Persephone's ears that she'd taken a while to notice some of them were speaking in the ancient tongue. Surprisingly, Persephone found herself liking it. It just called to her. She'd often felt a nagging sensation in the back of her mind, but never been able to identify it. Perhaps this was why. She was just more comfortable in a setting more true to her roots. She was certainly Poseidon's daughter. It was just another thing to ask him about. Before she knew it, the sun had risen and due to some unknown feeling, Persephone knew it was time to return to the surface. So she had said goodbye to everyone, and let Neela and Alesia guide her back to the shore, even though she knew the way herself, it was nice to have the two Nymphs by her side. They'd both hugged her goodbye, with Alesia's son – Costa (meaning constant or steadfast) – also hugging her, though he could only hug her legs standing next to her. She surfaced only to find someone already there waiting for her. "Dad." Poseidon smiled at her. Opening his arms, Persephone didn't hesitate before running into them. Despite his absence during her childhood, Persephone understood why, and it wasn't as though he'd abandoned her, he'd visited her once when