"Haveyou ever seen a ghost, Ealdfæder ?" The wind whistled in the stone chimney, and a swarm of sparks rose from the fire. The boy sat on the bare floor by his grandfather's chair. "Once, perhaps." On the other side of the room, the old woman looked up from her weaving. "Be still, you will frighten him." As if he had not heard, the old man said, "Once, many years before you were born." The wooden beater slammed loudly against the frame of the loom. "Fine. He sleeps on your side of the bed, Thorstan," the woman muttered into her weaving. Young Elfwine had been sent to stay with them until his mother recovered from childbirth, so they were sleeping three to a bed. "Where did you see it, Ealdfæder ?" Though the boy's eyes gleamed like steel in the firelight, he huddled closer to his grandfather's knee. "My troop was patrolling in the Westfold as the year drew to a close. The Great War had ended, but many servants of the Enemy still roamed our land, hiding by day and slaying and burning by night." An angry snort came from across the room, followed by the shudder of the loom. "A few were traitors, men who had sold themselves to the Dark Lord, but most were orcs from the Land of Shadow. Did I ever see one? I saw enough of them to last me until the end of my days, Elfwine! Those creatures were as cunning as a man but as vicious as a blooded wolf. They had the eyes of a cat, and Bema help you if you had to fight them at night! Oft the horses would smell their stench long before we could see them." The old man stared into the fire, rubbing his hand along a jagged scar on his jaw. "Yes, I saw enough of them. And they enough of that sword." He nodded toward the great sword that still hung in readiness near the door. "But about your ghosts, let me tell you the tale." "My troop rode west toward the River Isen, watching for sign of the enemy and stopping at every shepherd's hut and farmstead. Folk were ill at ease; in the last few days, sheep and horses had gone missing after dark. Thieves, we thought, or even wolves, but we kept a wary eye. The farther we got from the garrison at Helm's Deep, the greater the fear. As often as not, we were greeted by snapping dogs and farmers waving spears. On the third day since we had left Helm's Deep, we reached a large farmstead near the Fords of Isen. I heard not a growl or shout of challenge as we trotted into the courtyard. Our horses whinnied and shook their heads uneasily; they smelled the blood and knew before we did. For the farmfolk were dead, not even the children were spared. The farmwife was heavy with child, and the orcs…" The old man glanced at the boy. "It was an evil sight." "We stayed long enough to let the horses drink, then we set out in pursuit. There was no time to bury the dead. The trail was already half a day old, but their tracks led us straight to the Fords of Isen. Our leader, old Grimbeorn, halted the troop on the eastern bank of the river. The early winter night approached, and in the failing light, we could just see the island where Prince Theodred's standard still fluttered above the great mound. Less than a year before, he and his men had fallen in battle on that very island, and the sight of their grave did not cheer me!" The old woman rose from the loom and pulled a coverlet from the bed in the corner. "Here, Elfwine, you will catch a fever, sitting on the bare floor like that," she said as she drew it around the boy's shoulders. Then she pulled a chair close to the fire and sat down. "Were you afraid, Ealdfæder ?" "Afraid, yet also angry. The younger members of the troop were nearly mad with rage, but Grimbeorn told us to calm down and keep quiet. He guessed—and, as it turned out, he was right—that the orcs had taken cover in Prince Theodred's barrow at daybreak. They are creatures of darkness and cannot long endure the sunlight. "Night was falling, and we were only twelve in number, too few and already weary from the chase. We knew not the strength of our foes, yet there was no time to send to Helm's Deep for aid. "Grimbeorn hid us in the woods on either side of the road. Soon, the orcs would crawl from their lair in the burial mound. After they had crossed the ford and climbed up the bank, we would fall upon them. The surprise of our attack and the light of the moon would be our only allies. My horse and I waited, hidden in a thicket, as the grey shadows deepened into black." The old man reached for the iron poker and turned the logs in the fireplace. "What happened next?" the old woman asked. A basket of tangled fleece rested by her feet, and she drew the long wool combs back and forth in a steady rhythm, the sharp tines gleaming like spearpoints. "We heard the faint sound of splashing and then we saw them—dark shapes wading from the island toward the river bank, cursing as they slipped on the wet stones. 'They are too many,' someone whispered in the darkness. The orcs lumbered up the steep bank, then Grimbeorn shouted, 'Forth!' and I urged my horse forward. "As Grimbeorn had ordered, we formed our horses in a broken line across the road. The distance was too short to bring the horses to a gallop, so our small troop charged forward at a trot. At the sound of hoofbeats, some of the orcs were seized by terror and tried to flee. We cut them down as they ran past. Two at least I killed, and maybe a third. Then the rest of the orcs drew steel and rushed forward with a shout; they must have seen at once how few we were in number. "'Drive them toward the river! They must not get past us!' old Grimbeorn called out. " We will die behind a wall of their bodies, I said to myself. Just like in the old songs. At first, the enemy fell back before our charge, but quickly they flanked us and attacked from both sides. Soon, we would be surrounded and cut off from escape. I buried my sword in the neck of an orc then jumped as another grabbed my leg and tried to pull me from the saddle. I drew back the sword and brought the pommel down on his face. I glimpsed my friend Aldhelm striking about him with his sword, yelling as if he had lost his mind, while old Grimbeorn silently cut down anything that came within the reach of a spear. "My heart sank when I saw a grey horse gallop past without a rider, for I knew we were now one fewer. An orc clutched at my horse's bridle and tried to pull us away from the line; I swung my sword at his arm and missed, nearly falling from the saddle. Then, as I watched in amazement, a man strode up behind the orc and drove a sword right through his back. By moonlight, I could not see the stranger's face, but he was tall and broad in the shoulders. Yes, even taller than your father, Elfwine. "'To Rohan!' the man shouted in the Common Speech. He yanked the great sword out of the orc and, turning, struck off the head of another. I would swear I saw the flash of white teeth and that he was laughing as he fought. He carried a small round shield, and he swatted the orcs aside as if they were horseflies." The boy laughed. "But who was he, Ealdfæder ?" "I did not know, Elfwine, and indeed I did not care. As they say, the enemy of my enemy is my friend. And his helm was after the fashion of Gondor, so I knew that he came from the land of our ally. Though many had been slain, a crowd of orcs still pressed against our horses, and we were sorely beset. "'Get back here, you fool!' Grimbeorn shouted as the stranger shoved and hacked his way into the ranks of the enemy. The man of Gondor was quickly surrounded, and I shouted a warning as a spear stabbed at his back. The blow would have skewered a wild boar, but he did not even turn around. Good armor, I thought. When a heavy sword landed on his neck, he pushed it away and kept fighting. Very good armor, I thought as I raised my shield to fend off a spear. "The enemy's jeering yells had given way to uneasy mutters. They slowly backed away from the stranger until they were well out of sword reach. Several orcs leapt down the bank and splashed into the shallow ford. I could see their dark shapes against the glittering water. When they reached the shadow of Prince Theodred's mound, I heard the bright clash of steel, followed soon after by screaming. The orcs have little love for each other so I deemed that a quarrel had just ended in bloodshed. "The stranger shouted at the orcs in the language of Gondor. I do not know that tongue, but words were not needed to understand this speech. Then he slung his round shield over his shoulder as if he were done. A spear sailed out of the crowd and glanced off his helm. He picked up the weapon from the road and, with a laugh, threw it at the orcs. 'A berserker,' Aldhelm muttered beside me. "As the enemy edged away from the stranger, our horses once more had room to move. At Grimbeorn's command, we raised swords and rode forward. To our surprise, the orcs did not retreat into the ford. Instead, they attacked, trying to break through the line of riders. "I had cut down two of them when a heavy blow struck my shoulder. Stunned, I dropped my sword and caught at the mane to keep from falling. An orc had driven a spear into my arm. Seeing the gap in our line, the others ran past and fled down the road. "'Give chase!' Grimbeorn shouted and wheeled his horse about. The rest of the troop galloped after him. The orcs were scattering as they ran; the hunt would be bloody but short. I knew that the troop would later come back to find me; I had only to wait. After the hoofbeats had faded, I was left alone at the ford." The old woman looked up from the wool combs. "What had happened to the stranger from Gondor?" "He was nowhere in sight, and I feared he had been wounded or slain. I did not know his name so I called out, 'My lord! Where are you?' in the Common Speech as I rode along the edge of the ford. When no one answered, I guessed he had ridden off with the troop. One of our number had fallen in the fight, leaving a horse with an empty saddle. "Around me, the road was strewn with dead and dying orcs. The black outline of the burial mound rose above the gleaming river, though the shadows of night now hid Prince Theodred's banner. I felt a sudden dread of this place and wanted nothing more than to leave it. Bleeding and nearly sick with pain, I slid to the ground before I could swoon. I carried a spare pair of socks in the saddle bags, and I stuffed them under the sleeve of my mail to staunch the wound. Leaning against my horse, I