Note: Written for the Summer Exchange at the LiveJournal community "faramirexchange". Butterballer had requested an adult-rated but non-slash fic, featuring Eomer and Faramir, where Eomer smells like onions. I don't recall any mention of saunas in LOTR, but if anyone would have them, it would be the Rohirrim since they are a northern Germanic people. The long race exists nowhere except in my mind. Thanks to Annmarwalk for her helpful comments! "Why are you so angry?" Eomer asked in the most reasonable voice that he could muster while trying not to laugh. Word of her wrath had traveled swiftly in the crowded courts of Edoras, and he had found her in the kitchens, stabbing the hapless vegetables. She wore her hair bound up in a kerchief, as if she were already a wife, and a loose smock covered her gown. "I cannot believe you are making him do this, as if he were some beardless, young Rider." The knife blade went thunk, thunk, thunk as Eowyn slammed it on the table. Without looking up at him, she tossed a mangled turnip aside and seized a handful of parsnips. "He was made a captain of rangers when you were still straddling a pony. He has no need to prove his prowess to anyone. I daresay he would knock you sprawling in a fair fight." Eomer smiled, refusing to rise to the bait. "He is brother to Boromir of Gondor, so you may be right about that. But he still is a stranger to our folk. Do not forget that you are the last heir of our House, and if I die childless, Faramir's sons will rule the Mark. If he is to be your husband, he must abide by our ways." For a moment, there was no sound as Eowyn pondered his words and pounded the knife on the table. Thunk, thunk, thunk , then scrape as she used the blade to sweep the carnage aside. "There is some truth in that," she said at last. And he thought he heard the slightest softening in her voice, but then she looked up and shook the knife at him. Strands of fair hair had escaped from the kerchief and curled about her angry, rosy face. "But I remember the last time that they held the long race. Elfhelm's arm was broken, and you came back with your beard singed off. I heard that you were drinking brandy and tried to light the fumes on your breath." Eomer blushed in spite of himself. "Eowyn, who told you about that? Bema's boots, is there nothing secret in this town?" "Not from me, it seems. You are lucky you took no hurt." The words were sharp, but he saw the faintest trace of a smile, so he took advantage of this opening. "Since he arrived in Edoras, Faramir has taken counsel with the thanes from morning until night. It will do him good to ride free, away from his duties and dusty parchments. We will hunt the wise stags of the Emnet, sing the old songs, and sleep under the stars. I swear to you that no harm will befall him." Well, no serious harm anyway , Eomer said to himself. He knew of only once that a Rider had been killed on one of these forays. "Perhaps you are right," Eowyn replied slowly. "He has done naught but sit with the counselors for the better part of a week. And indeed he should learn our ways, just as I must learn the ways of Gondor. But do not be gone for too long, for I will miss you both dearly." Still clutching a bundle of leeks, she threw her arms around his shoulders and drew him close. The reek of onions was overwhelming. Eomer leaned down and kissed the top of her kerchief. Then he left, for much remained to be done. He had not been entirely frank about the reasons for this journey, for he did not wish to distress her. He had seen the measuring stares, not hostile yet still not friendly, when Faramir had arrived. Grima Galmodson had not been the only man who had watched his sister with longing. That she was to wed an outlander was like pouring salt on an open wound. And now the news was abroad that Eomer was seeking the hand of the Lady Lothiriel. Would southern ways soon displace the customs of the Mark? Such, no doubt, was the fear of his men. And to make matters worse, little was known about Faramir of Gondor. Boromir's kind and high-spirited manner had easily won their hearts; and Elessar King was held in high regard, for the Riders felt that bond that grew from shared hardship and battle. Yet Faramir had lain wounded when the hosts marched to the East, so the soldiers of the Mark had never fought by his side. They knew not what to make of this quiet stranger from the south. Eomer had decided it was time that his future kinsman became a Rider of the Mark. They set out the next morning while the blackbirds were trilling in the grass. Eomer and Faramir rode with Marshal Elfhelm, followed by the men of the household. Despite the protests of its captain, the steward's bodyguard had been left behind in Edoras. Boromir had once taken part in the long race, so Eomer had had no trouble persuading Faramir to join them on this journey. And besides, the man of Gondor was deeply interested in their customs. As they trotted along the stone road, he listened gravely as Eomer told him about the race. "Most men are eighteen or nineteen years of age when they hazard it, for it is a test of both wit and endurance. If they succeed, they are then allowed to join the ranks of an eored. The course is over broken terrain to remind us of our people's ride from the North, when Eorl the Young led them to battle." "And there are still other trials that you must endure, after the race itself," Elfhelm added. "What other trials?" Faramir asked. Elfhelm shook his head with an expressionless look. "We cannot speak of it. Those are the ancient rules," Eomer said solemnly. Behind them, one of the Riders gave a loud snort of laughter. Eomer wondered if their guest had begun to regret his decision to join them. By midday, they had reached the deep, green vale where, by tradition, the long race was held. A small hostelry had been built by the road, and two white goats were grazing on the turf roof. They raised their heads to stare at the horsemen, but the party trotted by without slowing. "We will stop there on the way back," Eomer said. The Riders were silent, but a few cast longing glances at the hostelry. When they reached the place where the road turned, skirting the valley below, they halted and dismounted. "Here the race begins," Eomer told Faramir. "See that peak of stone on the other side of the valley?" He pointed to a pale hump of rock that rose above the distant hillside. "That is the goal. The rest of us will follow the road along the hillside. But you must cross the broken country below. Not only must you get there first, but your horse must be safe and unwinded." "This is not enough water for my mount," Faramir replied, staring at the provisions they had given him. "The distance is at least ten leagues as the crow flies, and the day will soon turn warm." His grey gelding whickered softly and nibbled at his sleeve. The beast was tall and clean-limbed, with a graceful bend to his neck, and though he was arrayed in strange southern tack, it was plain to see that his sires must have hailed from the Mark. Eomer shook his head. "You will have to find more water as you ride. Those are the ancient rules." "And what is this?" Faramir gestured toward the sacks of grain and heavy armor that the Riders were loading on his horse. "When the Eorlingas rode from the North, they carried gear of war and provender for a long journey." "That weighs at least a hundredweight; Mithrin will be overburdened." "Faramir, you are supposed to be hastening to the aid of your southern allies. You forfeit the race if you throw away your own provisions and armor," Eomer said pointedly. Halfway through the course, when he reached the steep ravine, Faramir would have to choose between endangering his horse and abandoning the gear. Despite the shame of losing the race, a true Rider would leave the armor and grain in a heap. When all was ready, Eomer and the others wished Faramir luck, and then the steward spoke quietly in Sindarin to his horse and led him down the steep bank of the road. He turned to wave in farewell then disappeared into the thickets, still leading the horse by the reins. "So how long do you think he will be waiting before we get there, Sire?" Elfhelm asked. Eomer rubbed his chin. "Hmmm. You may be right. We should have devised a way to make this race at least somewhat difficult." A short while later, the two youngest of the troop led their horses down the bank and into the thickets, after Faramir. Traveling in such wilderness was not without peril, so someone was always sent to shadow the horseman. These two lads would watch over him with Faramir none the wiser. Eomer's party set out at a slow amble. It was high summer, and though the air would soon be hot and still in the valley below, the road ran high on the hillside where the wind was cool. The horses' hooves clopped at an easy walk, while the Riders sang, with varying tunefulness, the old song about the maiden and the onion. Most of them knew only portions of the verses, so the song would come to a halt until someone called out the next words—"She grabbed the onion firmly and pulled it by its hairy root"--and then the singing continued. On such a fine day, what could be better than to ride out in the company of friends, Eomer thought. "Prince Faramir seems most unlike his brother," old Todric remarked as they rode. "Save for his looks, of course." "Well, they say that the old steward was a silent man, little given to mirth or song," another Rider added. "Perhaps this one apple fell closer to the tree." In the late afternoon, they reached the meeting place. Three horses raised their heads from their grazing and whickered in greeting. One of the two young riders sat against a tree, with a bandaged leg stretched out before him. The other was stirring a pot over a small fire. His right arm was set in a sling. "What happened to you two?" Eomer shouted as he swung down from the saddle. "And where is Prince Faramir? Is he hurt?" "No, Sire. He is searching for some herbs," the Rider with the sling replied. "He needs them for my arm. I sprained it when I was thrown in the river after Freydis stepped on a hornet's nest and bolted away. Prince Faramir heard my shouting and fished me out of the water. He says that the herbs are also needed to treat Heregeard's leg." "And what happened to Heregeard?" "He twisted his ankle while he was trying to outrun the wolf." "A wolf?" "That one, Sire." The young Rider pointed, and Eomer stared. Nearby lay the hunched carcass of a wolf, the largest that Eomer had ever seen in his life. The creature had been felled by a single shot to the throat. "Good thing we sent that outlander along to keep an eye on you two," a Rider muttered under his breath. Faramir soon returned with a handful of what looked to Eomer like common