AN: So this was a prompt by Wheelie91- Bellatrix chloroforms Hermione and then, when she wakes up, they have sex for three hours. Yep sooo this is basically sex between two women, not much of a plot. Oh and it's my first time writing smut, let me know what you think ;) There was a gentle breeze flowing through the empty field. In the distance she could see the Burrow, only a pinprick of light from where she was standing. Hermione was solemn, with Dumbledore's death the war felt very real. Right now the boys and she were staying at the Burrow, their safe haven for the moment, but they wouldn't be staying long as they had to destroy Voldemort's remaining horcruxes. Perhaps it was better for Hermione's sanity that they leave sooner rather than later, the Burrow was just too crowded and the sooner they finished their task, the sooner the war would end. Hermione pulled a piece of paper from her pocket, a newspaper clipping, a semi-recent picture of Voldemort's right hand 'man' killing the wizard or witch that had taken the picture. Bellatrix's face was contorted in anger and her mouth formed the words Avada Kedavra as she raised her wand over and over. Hermione sighed, even in this picture she found the dark witch beautiful. The dangerous woman had caught her eye during the battle of the ministry. Of course there was no possibility of, let's say courting, the woman but that didn't stop the Gryffindor from researching everything she could about the dark witch and fantasizing about her. She snorted, that's all her life consisted of nowadays, harsh truth and impossible fantasies. As she turned to head back towards the Burrow she felt a hand roughly grab her waist from behind and pull her against its owner, she started to panic. Bending down she tried putting all her weight down on the arm holding her, but the person behind her easily countered her movement. "Shhh…" she heard in her ear, a female voice. "No!" That's all she got out, a second hand put a cool cloth against her face. At first she thought this was just to gag her but as she opened her mouth to scream again she tasted something sweet on the cloth, and when she took a breath she smelled the same sweetness. She knew what this was-chloroform. She tried her best to keep from breathing after that and clawed at the hand against her face although she had already taking some in so she wasn't as forceful as she could have otherwise been. Alas the woman's grip was secure and she had to breathe at one point. She felt herself grow dizzy after the second breath, felt herself be lowered to the ground, not sure if she had fallen, the cloth still pressed to her face. She wasn't sure how long she was on the ground or how many times she tried moving out from under the woman on top of her-if at all. Unfortunately the woman's face was blurry do to the drug in her system so she wouldn't be able to identify her. Finally, after one last weak attempt at moving away, she couldn't do anything else but give in to the encroaching darkness. Her body was aching pleasantly, she'd have never thought she would have that much fun chloroforming someone. It had been so sweet to press against her so tightly, a sensation she had been dreaming of but never imagined to be this wonderful. She couldn't have imagined the smell and feel of the bushy hair in her face, or the pleasant weight leaning on her. The girl's struggling only made the delightful sensation better. Her arm wrapped around the muggleborn's waist, to throw her off balance she had hooked her leg around the younger witch's lowering her to the ground and sitting on her, grinding her hips on the unconscious young woman. Once unconsciousness set in Bellatrix apparated with the woman still between her legs, ending up on a lush green, brown and silver carpet. Well, time to undress her; she thought as she started to unzip the muggleborn's ridiculous clothing. Hermione felt cold and uncomfortable, she supposed that was what woke her up. Keeping her eyes closed she attempted to reach for the covers, only to find she couldn't move. Struggling she realized she had to fight to get her eyes open, she felt rope binding her wrists together and to the floor underneath her, her legs were also tied but had more freedom of movement and were separately attached to the floor. She could swear she felt hands sliding across her chest. Suddenly it hit her, she was cold because she had no clothes on, and there was someone touching her. She tried to move away only to realise that the person was also sitting on her hip making it impossible in her groggy state to move away. The Gryffindor started to panic, yet was surprise when the person trace her face gently, from forehead to cheek to jaw seemingly wanting to calm the young woman. As the hand repeated its soft journey Hermione twitched as she felt something wet on her lower abdomen. She finally managed to lift her heavy eyelids and was shocked by what she saw. Bellatrix. Sitting on her, naked. And by god, she was beautiful. Hermione took a dazed moment to observe her; wild black curls spilling over the woman's torso, the curls ending right at dark pink erect nipples which topped perfectly sized firm breasts, there was a multitude of faint scars on her chest and toned stomach. Looking back up at the woman's dark brown eyes and dark eyelashes Hermione noticed something surprising – a light loving smile graced the dark witch's features. The cold was replaced by heat and the young witch felt herself grow wet, she must be dreaming. However she was reminded of her tied limbs when she attempted to move. Once again panic set in, the death eater's intentions could not be good, this time she had better control of her body and managed to throw the dark witch off-balance, which she was not happy with. Bellatrix shifted her weight to fully pin down the struggling Gryffindor. This made Hermione speak up. "What the fuck do you think you're doing?! Let me go!" She tried rolling on her side, then her other side but that only made Bellatrix get closer to control her and the older woman's fingers dig deeper into her shoulder. "Fuck! Stop! Get off of me!" Near tears Hermione tried to bite the death eater and failed, Bellatrix pulled back and scrutinized Hermione's face. Hermione was red from anger and embarrassment, she tried to shrink away once she realised what she had done, it would not go unpunished. Although, to her utter shock, Bellatrix leaned back down and said; "I won't hurt you." The dark witch stood and circled Hermione who blushed even more when she saw that Bellatrix was wearing a strap-on. She turned her head away and attempted to cover herself, which she couldn't do. While Bellatrix stared at her she looked around the room. It was a large bedroom with Slytherin colours and looked as if no-one lived there. Hermione was positioned between the bed and the wall farthest from the door. Bellatrix sat on the bed, unsure of what to do next. The girl was surprisingly compliant considering the circumstance, which was good; she didn't want to rape her. Though she certainly did want her way with her, ever since the battle of the ministry not a day had gone by where she wouldn't think of this young witch. Smiling slightly she looked over the Gryffindor again. Beautiful brown curls, almost as wild as her own, she couldn't currently see her face as the girl was turned away; she remembered her eyes being brown and would love another look. She looked down further, the blush on the girl's skin went down her chest and gave her a delightful colour, her breast were smaller than her own and could fit in her hand, her pink nipples erect, although from cold or excitement the dark witch couldn't tell. The muggleborn's arms; torso and legs were not as muscular as Bellatrix's but not weak or fat. She kept her pubic hair short, and she could see a little bit of pink flesh from where she sat. Bellatrix cocked her head; the girl was straining her legs against her restraints trying to keep her legs closed. Reaching out with her foot the dark witch brushed her toe against Hermione who jumped and looked towards her only to look away again. "Look at me," Bellatrix commanded, the girl complied. "I will let you go on one condition…" She trailed off and noticed the younger witch's eye look at her strap-on, it was large and black, ridged and didn't look natural. She smirked, "You understand?" The girl hesitantly nodded yet Bellatrix noted the lust that had settled in her eyes. "Good, now I will untie your legs, and remove the spell binding you to the floor. Your wrist will remain attached for now. Run, and there will be consequences" The girl nodded again and Bellatrix did just that. As soon as Bellatrix had untied her legs and removed the spell attaching her bound wrists to the floor Hermione jumped up and made for the door. She was not going to go along with something like this, as turned on as she was she could not shake the perfect romance scenario from her head. Childish, maybe, but nonetheless what she wanted. Of course she didn't get far; Bellatrix grabbed her from behind and growled into her ear. Trying to twist out of the older woman grasps Hermione let out; "Let me go!" Struggling harder Hermione added, "Believe it or not I actually like getting to know the people I sleep with, unlike you I…" Hermione's sentence was cut short by Bellatrix who had grabbed her jaw, turned her head around and kissed her. Hermione knees went week and she leaned into Bellatrix as butterflies dance in her stomach. She then felt herself being laid down on the floor, Bellatrix on top of her, she could feel the strap-on near her core and the woman's breasts pressed against hers- it was dizzying. She gasped and Bellatrix slipped her tongue into her mouth, kissing her fiercely and Hermione only too happy to comply. When they needed to breathe Bellatrix leaned down and growled. "I don't think you've ever slept with anybody" The dark witch punctuated her sentence with a hard thrust of her pelvis, no penetration, not yet; she wanted the girl to surrender first. Hermione gasped as the thrust sent a wave of pleasure through her, she hadn't yet looked the death eater in the eyes since breaking the kiss -it would be her undoing. It was hard to resist even given the current situation, chloroformed and hands tied. Bellatrix seemed to sense this and raised herself to lightly rub their breasts together, at this the Gryffindor let out a shuddering breath. Then she felt nibbling at her earlobe, it tickled more than anything and she turned her head to make it stop, gasping at the pools of darkness she found above her. Bellatrix smiled- victory! "So you like biting huh?" Hermine eyes grew wide and Bellatrix theatrically link her jaw, then bit her neck – hard. Hermione gasped in pain as Bellatrix drew blood, which turned to pleasure as the dark witch started to lick and softly bite her; trailing down her neck and chest leaving little red marks. When Bellatrix stopped at her breast she was surprisingly gentle in her licking and nibbling, this was contrasted by the dark witch tracking her nails down Hermione's sides leaving angry red marks. Hermione had started to squirm under her impromptu lover, wrapping her legs around the dark woman's waist and wishing she could wrap