Author's Note; I know I should be working on my other story … but this is what 28p chocolate does to you! :D Ok, so, whenever there are …'s between paragraphs this is when I am switching between past and present. Hope this isn't too confusing! And yeah, it's long! Please review and enjoy! :D_ A little boy sat on his foster father's lap as he read to him. To say the boy 'sat' would be being a little unkind to the poor Elven Lord as, to him, the boy's 'sitting' was a true test of his skill to stop the squirming boy from toppling off his knees. The boy could not deal with the whole concept of 'sitting', let alone sitting still, and believed he would never understand how anyone could bear to waste away a perfectly good afternoon just sitting and reading. " Ada ! Guess what me and Legolas did today!" burst from his lips, certain the Elf Lord would never guess. Elrond closed the book and smiled down at his child. "What did you do penneth ?" He asked, sure he would never guess. "Well," The boy began, finally leaning comfortably into his father to begin his tale, "It all started when Legolas had to go into the town and I said I wanted to come too." … … "Legolas! Please let me come too! Ada won't mind, I know he won't! Not as long as I'm with you! And I promise I'll be especially good! Please please please!" Legolas chuckled at the barefoot boy now dancing around his legs. "You may come penneth , but you need to have your boots on and be ready to leave as soon as I ask your father if you can come." he challenged. The boy's face was a veil of despair. "But - But I have to find them and tie them and then find my coat and then find my-" "Well then you'd best hurry little Estel! For Elrond is in my sight and it does not take long to ask a simple question!"The boy was running off to his room before the Elf had even finished his sentence… … "So you went to the town my child!" Elrond said, remembering Legolas' request, realising just how well his small son knew him. He had, of course, acquiesced, just as long as Legolas stayed with him. "Yes!" The boy said, frustrated in a way only a child could be at having to explain an adult's incompetence, "But it's what we did in town that's the good part!" he stressed. "I got my stuff but I was really slow compared to Legolas. But I always am compared to him. I don't think I'll ever be that fast …" … The Elven Prince had already packed a bag of food for their lunch, asked Elrond to allow him to take his littlest son to town, donned his cloak and had his money securely fastened to his belt, ready to leave. The boy almost had his shoes tied. It was a start. Legolas smiled warmly down at him, "I'll wait little Man," he teased… … "When we finally got to the town, people kept looking at him weirdly." "Because he's an Elf, son." Elrond began to explain. "No," The young boy corrected, "It was because he was blonde."… … "Legolas," The boy whispered, keeping close to his friend, "People are staring." "I know." He said calmly with a gentle smile in Estel's direction. "But their mouths are hanging open and everything!" He emphasised, staring back at the people, the exact expression he was describing etched on his own face too. Legolas chuckled and bent down, closing his mouth. "I know." He repeated. "Let them." The boy nodded and they continued on their way down the street until they passed a certain humble shop that was the favourite of the younger and a very much liked shop of the elder. "Oh Legolas, can we go in? Pretty pretty please?" Estel begged. Legolas laughed and nodded, not believing he would ever be able to refuse his young friend when he begged. They entered, pushing open the dark wooden door to the bell of a wind chime and the gentle hint of a beautiful amber fragrance. The shop was humid, the heat kept in by the dark brown wood that lined the walls. The shop held pets, insects, butterflies and many interesting plants, Estel's favourite being an enchanting carnivorous one that ate anything it could get it's plant like jaws around. It also produced beautiful fiery red and orange flowers that, if you could get a hold of them, were said to be the ultimate gift of love. In addition the shop also was supplied with fine jewellery and gemstones, books, herbs and some very unusual kinds of food. One could often also find many miscellaneous items dotted around the shop too and, if lucky, they would turn out to be useful someday. "Hey Boron!" Estel chirped happily to the squat Man behind the counter as he bounced happily into the shop. "Why, it's little Estel!" The Many boomed, delighted to see the him again. Boron was a stout, bulky Man with a mass of thick ginger brown hair under his chin and, albeit not so thick a coating, atop his head. His bushy beard, and many of the townspeople, bespoke Dwarven blood and neither Legolas nor Estel doubted it for a single second. Legolas inclined his head politely towards the shopkeeper, Boron gave a deep chuckle and replied in kind as, although the two had met frequently, neither really knew the other very well, nor had much in common save the liking for the small boy now chattering openly between the two of them about that morning's incident. "They were all staring so much!" Estel demonstrating how they looked as he talked, his eyes going wide and his mouth hanging open in a lopsided fashion, making Boron grin. "I'm sure they were not that bad!" He laughed. "No, I think Estel's description is quite accurate." Legolas answered, a smile dancing across his lips. "But they've never been like that with Dan and Ro!" The boy insisted, puzzled, as he gazed into glass cases containing the many strange creatures found in Boron's shop. "They're Elves too," he pointed out, pausing in his actions to think it over. "Plus they're identical too so people should really stare more at them. Though maybe that's because they don't know just how weird they are." The boy mused. Boron and Legolas laughed, Boron's deep, rich laugh harmonising perfectly with Legolas' lighter, more musical one. Estel decided he liked the sound of the two together and decided to endeavour to make it happen more often. "Maybe they should." Boron said cheerfully, "but maybe it was something else they were staring at, not just the Elfness in general." Estel turned and looked at his friend through the fish tank in front of him, his puzzled look seemingly magnified from the other side. 'What else was there to stare at?' he wondered. Boron caught Legolas' eye and raised and all knowing eyebrow, causing the Elf to raise one back, a slightly embarrassed half smile slipping onto his face as his cheeks turned a gentle shade of pink. Estel grinned, they got along better than either would care to admit. Estel directed his attention once more to scrutinising every detail of his friend, starting from his feet which he knew to be slightly smaller than his brothers'. Boron opened his mouth, intending to change the subject to save the poor Elf's embarrassment of the boy's intense scrutiny when suddenly words burst from Estel's mouth. "I know!" He exclaimed. "You're blonde!" Legolas blinked, not expecting that to be the answer the young boy had come up with. Boron on the other hand tilted his head, "You know I think that's it." he said, "There's barely any blonde people around these parts, it's not too common over in my neck of the woods." he explained to Legolas, covering the Elf's surprise nicely, disguising it with confusion… … "See Ada ," he said, poking his father. "There's barely any blonde folk around and Legolas' hair isn't just blonde it's really really blonde so they'd stare way more!" Elrond laughed at the boy's reasoning and nodded, knowing it would have been one of the reasons but probably not the main one. And that it was not the time to try and explain the main reason to the small boy still enthusiastically poking him as the story continued… Legolas grinned at the triumphant look on his friend's face that suddenly turned once more to fascination and curiosity as something caught his eye. "What's that?" He asked, darting to the counter and pointing into the glass case under it, the one that held the most precious, interesting, and expensive, objects that Boron had in his shop. "Ah! That, my little friend, is a Dragon," he began to explain, bringing it out for him to see. "I know that bu-" "Hush child and let me finish!" Boron cut the boy's interruption short with one of his own, with a fond smile on his face and no trace of irritation in his voice. Estel ducked his head to hide a grin as the large Man mimicked swatting his head with his hand. "Anyway," Boron continued, "This is a very rare dragon statuette, based on real sightings of the wondrous beasts. There were only ever three or four statues like this ever made." "Three or four?" The boy quizzed. "Well there iss allegedly four Dragons." He said, "The Black Onyx, the one I have here, plus the Amethyst, the Rhodonite and, allegedly, the Sunstone."Legolas was now peering, intrigued, at the little dragon sculpture, trying to imagine it in the other stones Boron was saying. He bit his lip and his right hand unconsciously strayed to his satchel. Neither Boron nor the child noticed, their attentions held by the elaborately carved black beast in front of them. "This one is the Black Onyx," Boron was saying, "But you see his eyes?" The young boy nodded, gazing spellbound at the glittering green eyes. "Malachite they are. Beautiful, aren't they? And along the edge of his wings, see how they sparkle? These are diamonds. Now there are three kinds of diamonds in here, first, the black diamond, then the grey and here, the tips of his wings, are beautiful crystal diamonds."Estel stared in awe at the wonderful figurine, the convoluted, meticulous details that covered the Dragon's every feature must surely have taken years to perfect. "That is the same diamond that covers the tip of his tail too is it not?" Legolas mused, he had not his father's immense love of jewels but they did interest him in many ways. Boron grinned, "Indeed it is," he confirmed, "Cut from the very same rock. You have a good eye." He told Legolas approvingly. Estel broke his stare from the statuette to smile up at his blond Elven friend, quickly darting his gaze back to the beautiful carving. "How do you know it's a 'he'?" The boy asked. Boron considered the child's question. "I don't!" he answered, truthfully, "I don't think even the maker knew! Dragons were very mysterious creatures remember, not many people got a good, up close, look at them!" Estel nodded, understanding but frowning. He hated not knowing. Legolas placed a hand on the boy's shoulder. In Mirkwood, there were a few paintings of the great dragon Smaug and other dragons like him but barely any had been close enough to see the necessary details to determine the gender of the dragon. And those that had had not come out of it well. He too, however, was interested in Dragons. Their power, will and ferocity caught the Elf's attention but what held it was how these wise creatures differed from all other beasts with these same traits. They did not attack the people