A/N: This is my first ever finished LOTR story. No, I think it's the second, actually. It's…ehm…I don't really know what it is, but it's all there's gonna be. I just needed to write something after finishing my exam paper late on Saturday night. And this is the result. I have not abandoned my Love Actually fic, and I won't. Just had to write this down before continuing with Right Here. Anyway, enjoy reading, and please tell me what you think by reviewing! Thanks! Oh, by the way…I do realize that almost nothing happened this way neither in the books nor in the films. It's on purpose. Just thought I'd let you know. Miss Sofie Rosie I've known Sam all my life. He was three when I was born, and according to my mum he was very fond of me. Though he didn't understand much back then, he knew that he had to be very careful around a new-born baby like me. Mum still tells me how he used to worship me and not want to go home with his own mum, when they had come around for a second breakfast. My mum and I often went to their place for breakfasts as well, but of course I don't remember this. One of the things from our childhood I do remember, is Sam losing interest in me when he got older. I got older too, of course, but when he entered his tweens, I was still just a big child to him. Though I was only three years younger than him, he stopped playing with me. At least he didn't want to play when his friends were around. I understood, though he thought I was just a stupid, little girl. I understood, and therefore I didn't get angry with him. He hurt me, yes, but I knew why. It was embarrassing for him to play with a young girl like me. I thought I'd just let him be, and after a while everything would be back to normal. But I was wrong. When I entered tweenhood, I thought he'd be old enough to see that I was not the annoying, little girl that I used to be. I thought he'd see that I had become a young woman and that knowing me wasn't embarrassing anymore. Seemingly he didn't. Whenever I said hi to him at the market place or waved at him when I brought my brothers their meals in the field, he'd turn away and pretend he didn't know me. I know he always noticed me, but I could tell from the reddening of his cheeks that he was embarrassed to let his friends know that he knew me. Yes, it did hurt, but no more than I could take. We had been nothing more than childhood friends, and it seemed it was all we were ever going to be. When I got old enough I began helping Mum and Dad at the inn. After several years of silence between Sam and me, he talked to me one night, when he and his friends had had quite a few pints. He came up to me, staring at his feet. I saw his lips move, but the crowd made so much noise that I couldn't hear the words. He looked up and saw the questioning look on my face as I leaned over the table to hear him better. His face reddened and he looked down again. I think his eyes may have caught a glimpse of my bosom, because he blushed even more and his eyes darted to the left, back to his friends. "Can I…can I have…" He muttered. "Yes?" I encouraged him, not trying to hide my smile. "…another pint?" He finished his sentence and looked at me again. "Sure!" I said flashing him a big smile. Samwise Gamgee had spoken to me again! "I'll bring it to your table in a moment." I said and went to the kitchen to fetch more tankards. When I got back, Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took were dancing on the table. Sam was sitting silently next to Frodo Baggins, who was singing along with the rest of the people around the table. I placed four mugs on the table, making sure someone took them instead of letting Merry and Pippin knock them over. When I handed Sam one, my hand accidentally touched his. He took the mug, but when he wanted to take a swig, he missed his mouth and poured the beer down his shirt. Everyone laughed and made poor Sam redden even more, though I wouldn't have thought it possible. "I'll bring you a towel." I said with a smile and left the cheery company returning a moment later. Judging from Sam's face they were still laughing at him, making me feel sort of sorry for him. Not real sorry, just the kind of sorry you feel for someone you'd like to comfort or help or even protect. I couldn't help smiling, as he was looking so lost! "Thanks." He muttered as I handed him the towel. I turned around to go back, when his very obvious coughing stopped me. "Yes?" I said and turned around to face him again. "Do you think…that I could have another pint?" "Samwise Gamgee!" I said pretending to scold him. "If I didn't know you better, I'd think you were making up excuses to talk to me!" Everyone around the table laughed, except Sam, who emptied the first mug without looking at me. "Alright. I'll get you another one." I said and smiled at him. "Anyone else needin' a refill?" "Yes, please." "Mmm…of course!" "Rosie, do you need to ask!" The rest of the hobbits around the table shouted for more beer. I left with a smile at Sam, and for the first time in years, I think he almost smiled back at me! For some reason it made my heart pound, though I was careful not to let it show. Sam often came to the inn after a long day in the fields. He would always be accompanied by Frodo, and very often Merry and Pippin would join them later on. Late at night there would be a whole crowd of them – young hobbits enjoying my old man's special brew and a smoke of pipe weed. They would begin by discussing that day's work and the forthcoming harvest, and later at night, when they had had too much of both beer and weed, they would sing and dance till they dropped or till I threw them out. They were a merry company. We had other customers, of course, but my favourite nights were the ones with the young crowd present. More and more often strange fellows would come into the inn, looking for information of all kinds or just for a bed. They were rarely hobbits, these folks, and they mostly kept to themselves. Except for when they questioned me about strange things. One of them, though, didn't keep to himself. He was strange, yes, but he was also very liked by every hobbit in the Shire. His name was Gandalf, and wherever Gandalf went, the youngest hobbits would follow. I remember running along his cart with a lot of my mates when I was younger. We would always call on him, trying to get him to do some magic. Because Gandalf was a wizard, and we were all very impressed by him and his tricks. To tell the truth, I still am, but back then it was the very simple magic tricks I loved the most. His fireworks would make the day for me and lots of other children. However, sometime after Sam had talked to me at the inn, Gandalf came to town. We hadn't seen him for years, and everyone was thrilled to have him back. Frodo Baggins was probably the most thrilled of us all. His uncle, Bilbo Baggins, was about to give a huge party to celebrate his 111th birthday. Gandalf had wihtout a doubt come to take part in the celebration, and so he spent hours and hours up at Bag End, which was Bilbo and Frodo's home. No one knew what they were doing all this time or what they were talking about, maybe except for Sam, who spent a great deal of time with Frodo. I think he looked very much up to him, though Sam himself was also quite admirable. Though he hadn't spoken to me for years, I had noticed him being a great friend to those he knew. His true friends could always trust him, and those he didn't know so well could always count on a helping hand when needed. Without realising it, I had come to know more about Sam than I did when we were young and played in the gardens of Hobbitton. I think it was on Bilbo Baggins' birthday party I decided that I wanted my childhood friend back, whether he liked it or not. I must've missed him! I've never seen so many hobbits at a time as I did on Bilbo's party. I think everyone from the Shire was there, and if there were hobbits elsewhere in Middle Earth, they must've been there too. It was a great party. There was food enough for everyone, and a great many hobbits felt fully satisfied for the first time in their lives. When evening came and the sun gave place to a brightly shining moon, lots of hobbits were sleeping on benches and tables, some even on the ground, stomachs full and smiles content. Most of us were dancing or eating, some both, and it was during one of these dances I caught Sam's eye. I smiled at him, but he glanced away as quickly as possible, and I couldn't help giving a small laugh. I was in high spirits, as was everyone else, and I just couldn't help smiling all the while I was dancing. Sam was looking a little helpless standing next to Frodo, who joined in the dancing once in a while. Sam didn't. He's never been much of a dancer, I reckon. He never danced on the tables at the inn, though his friends kept trying to drag him up. He was the quiet kind of guy. I was dancing with Merry, spinning around to a lively flute melody, when I heard Frodo say my name. He was back to speaking with Sam, who was looking at me with a sad look on his face. I tried to cheer him up by smiling at him, but he had no time to smile back at me, as Frodo gave him a push into the crowd of dancers. The always kind Frodo obviously didn't want Sam to stand alone feeling left out, and it so happened that Sam fell into the crowd right next to me. Merry had disappeared (I think I had seen Pippin motioning him over a few moments ago), so I grapped Sam's hand and danced on, trying to make him follow my steps. It wasn't easy. I began to understand why Sam never was one to dance at the inn, but I didn't care if he stepped on my toes once in a while. After staring at me like a mad man for a few moments, he realised he had to move to avoid colliding with all the other dancers. He tried. He really did. And by the end of that dance he was almost able to follow me around. "No more, Rosie!" He said and sat down on a bench, his face red from exhaustion. "I can't. No more." "Ah, so you do remember my name!" I teased and sat down beside him. "Of course I do!" He said sounding a little offended. "I'd never forget your name." "That's sweet." I said and gave him a peck on the cheek, which caused his face to redden even more. Then he looked around, probably trying to locate Frodo