Author's Note: Hi! This is my first fanfic of any significant length so I hope that you guys are willing to be nice; but hey, I'll try to roll with any punches, and grammatical & continuity errors being highlighted would be really helpful. If you find brief notes that establish the premise of the story and help you decide whether or not you'd actually like to read something helpful, then here is one. Personally, having to wade through a few thousand words of exposition with no idea where it's leading, or whether the plot that eventually kicks in is worth it, is always something I've found slightly irritating. The note is divided into two parts. The first briefly backgrounds the AU the story is located in. Hopefully this is somewhat helpful, and also allows me to give some information without throwing a load of messy and shoehorned description into the story itself. The second part is gradually explained in the body of the narrows the focus and attempts to elucidate events that lead to the starting point of the story. It contains fairly minor spoilers for some things that occur, or are otherwise explained, in the first few chapters, so please ignore the second part of the following if that's not your scene: -I- Wizarding Britain is divided into parts. The largest is magical London; under the direct governance of the Ministry of Magic. Twenty other largely independent territories are ruled by The Twenty; twenty powerful families who form independent alliances and are largely autonomous. The Wizengamot holds the supreme authority over Wizarding Britain as a whole and consists 100 seats. 60 are held by freely elected individuals. The remaining 40 are held by The Twenty; the Lord of each holding two seats. Magic is largely divided into two parts; Light and Dark. These are in no way directly analogous to good and evil. Society is stratified, and one of the lines along which this occurs is individual and familial allegiance to the Dark/Light branch of magic. The reality is more nuanced than that, but hopefully that's sufficient for now. -II- Lily had a second sister; Miriam. She's actually nice. Harry went from the care of the Dursleys into the custody of Miriam Evans at the age of three. The Evans were a muggle family who have had interactions with the wizarding world via business ties for several generations. Because of this, they always knew about the wizarding world. Harry is brilliant, informed and ambitious. Miriam Evans is intelligent, wealthy and well-connected enough to indulge that and support and protect her adopted son. Dumbledore is a mixture of manipulative and insane and Harry knows this, as well as about horcuxes and the probable survival of Voldemort. He has stayed largely away from trouble and in the muggle world, training with and learning from the best money can buy. He is now, however, fourteen, independent, and has decided to return to the wizarding world. I'm the first to admit that a few of early aspects and tropes are I use are long way from original in the HP fandom, but hopefully as the story progresses I get either get further away from them and their normal uses, or transfigure them with my insanity. - Aside from OCs and AUs everything is the property of J K Rowling- I Three letters. Two owls. One crow. A fourteenth birthday. That was the sum total of the morning's arrivals. Harry stretched out in his deeply comfortable bed, enjoying the play of warm silk against skin as he forced himself into wakefulness. He blinked once before turning his head sharply towards a window on the far side of the room, left open the night before, gauzy curtains shifting gently in the slowly moving air. The trio of birds on the sill stood out in sharp relief against the dawn. The owls were waiting patiently; the crow was responsible for wakening him. Harry debated showering before addressing the post, but elected not to try the patience of the two birds who were eyeing their companion with icy disdain. Slipping out of bed, he paced across the room to retrieve his letters. The first, emerald ink on heavy cream parchment, was expected. Its barn owl, looking surprisingly unruffled after its intercontinental flight, sidled neatly through the slightly open window and took flight immediately. The second, a thick parcel wrapped in canvas, unaddressed and sealed with a blood stamp, was predicted. Its courier, an enormous horned owl, remained stationary and impassive. The third, a lined sheet of muggle paper, folds held by magic rather than envelope, was a complete surprise. The crow, with a final cawof farewell, followed its recently departed companion into the morning beyond the apartment block. He nodded the remaining messenger onto his forearm, taking her to settle on the back of a chair before summoning a bag of owl treats and bowl of water with a lazy wave of his hand. Leaving her to eat, he sat at the desk and opened the first missive. Dear Harry, it began. His lips twitched slightly at this new informality. I know that you are at least receiving these letters, although my others have all failed to reach you, so I must trust to official Hogwarts correspondence. I would like to offer you once more a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft & Wizardry. It is time for you to assume your place in our society, the society of your birth and heritage. You must by now have accepted the existence of magic; your powers cannot be but obviously manifest at your age even without training. It is dangerous for you to develop outside of the structured environment Hogwarts can provide. I offer you the education you require to reconcile with your magic and learn to use it. Whatever your current circumstances, all you need do is sign the bottom of this parchment and the owl who bore it will return and carry your confirmation. Any correspondence, or information about your circumstances you might wish to inform me of, may also be sent. If you require rescue, I can help you. Remedial training to bring you up to the level of your peers at Hogwarts will be made available to you, and I include a list of the subjects on offer to fourth years (those you choose will be your OWL subjects). I hope to hear from you soon. Yours in friendship, Albus Dumbledore, MoT, OoM, OoSC Headmaster of Hogwards, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot & Grand High Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards Harry raised an eyebrow at the parchment, surprised by the indications of Dumbledore's rising desperation; the suggestion that he might require rescue at odds with the expected tone of staid complacency, and, more startlingly, the faintly emotional intimation of friendship at the end. The impatience was clear, however, and hilarious. Harry turned over to the second enclosed sheet to find a list of subjects; List of Subjects, Required Texts and Equipment: Year 4 Core Subjects (compulsory) (any additional texts provided) Transfiguration (Poultry to Porcelain: Intermediate Transfigurations for the Able Student, by Albus Dumbledore) Charms (The Standard Book of Spells: Year 4, by Miranda Goshawk) Defence Against the Dark Arts (Curses & Creatures: Wizarding Protection in the Modern World, by Claudius Stormwind) Magical Theory (The Complete Guide to European Magical Theory, by Cuthbert Dewden) Potions (Draughts of the Mind, by H.E.F Slughorn) Arithmancy & Finance (Numerology and Grammatica, by Misocles Carneiro) Astronomy (Light in-between the Dark Spaces: Stars & Constellations of the Northern Hemisphere, by Anastasius Rigel) History of Magic (Wizarding Britain & the Age of Change, 1450-1700, by Bathilda Bagshot) Herbology (The Comprehensive Plants of Europe & Asia, by Phyllida Spore) English & Magical Literature (Writers Muggle and Magical of the Early-Modern Era, by Archibald Chauxton) Electives (minimum one, maximum three) Advanced Arithmancy (The Maths behind the Magic: Further Equations for the Gifted, by Annette Wenlock) Geographical Studies (Two Worlds, One Earth, by Arthur Trench) Muggle Studies (Primitive or Misunderstood? The Culture of the Non-Magical, by Wilhelm Wigworthy) Ancient Runes (Signs & Symbols: Making Sense of Marks, by Yuri Blishen) Care of Magical Creatures (Fantastic Beasts & Where to Find Them, by Newt Scamander) Magical Languages (Texts provided by the school, and varies according to language/s studied, inquire for further details) Divination (Unfogging the Future, by Cassandra Vablatsky) Ancient Studies (Old Magicks: Cultures of Southern Europe and Latin America, by Monty Ochti) Music (Magical Chords and Muggle Music, by Giordiano Caccini [basic proficiency in an instrument required; auditions during first week of term]) Art (Painting the Soul: Portraiture and the Science of Moving Pigment, by Marvin van der Doon) (Those teachers responsible for their individual electives reserve the right to refuse admittance to their course to any they consider unsuitable) Standard Equipment/Clothing (Male): Robes (3 sets, plain black, house crest), Tie (house colours), Shirts (5, white, formal), trousers (3 pairs, black/charcoal, formal, Shoes (black, formal, Dress Robes, Dragonhide Protective Gloves and Apron, Quills, Ink, Parchment, Cauldron (1, Standard Size), Potions Kit (Standard Student), Telescope (brass), Wand. Musical Instruments and broomsticks are welcomed, as long as stored and used appropriately. Casual clothing may be worn before breakfast, after dinner, and during weekends. Harry nodded slowly as he worked his way through the list, but rolled his eyes when he reached a postscript scrawled in Dumbledore's illegibly loopy hand: Your parents were possessed of considerable wealth.- the standard assurance to a financially unsure young wizard that had appeared in every year's letter- I would be delighted to accompany you to Diagon Street so you might have my guidance in Gringotts (the main Wizarding bank)- the slightly suspicious , vaguely creepy, and probably greed-motivated, offer. He placed the two pieces of parchment out on the desk in front of him before concentrating on extending his magical senses; dropping into the semi-trancelike state that allowed him to see curses and enchantments with far more clarity than his normal senses would permit. This way managed to be both quicker and far more thorough than the myriad diagnostic spells he would otherwise have had to use. The magic he had sensed on the first page was, as expected, now visible as the gentle white glow of a binding magical contract, its words hidden behind the visible text, and the space for his signature where Dumbledore had politely suggested he affix his name. The contract itself would do little more than tie him to Hogwarts, preventing his enrolment at any other school of magic, although the gentle inclination towards attendance it would initially instil in him would no doubt gradually strengthen if he failed to arrive. The second parchment was more interesting. The bottom three inches, containing the text of Dumbledore's addendum, appeared to his sight to be dripping slowly with a luminous sickly lilac liquid. Examining more closely he felt the gentle pull of a compulsion; no doubt the parchment had been carefully dipped in what was a hugely complicated, and internationally illegal, potion. It was impressive; the letter itself had borne only a very faint magical trace he had initially subconsciously explained as the natural result of stationery stored in powerfully magical surroundings, and subsequently handled and marked by a wizard of considerable strength. Despite the lack of magical signature, the compulsion suspended in the potion and soaked into the parchment was hugely strong and, although not doubting his ability to throw off its effects, Harry was glad that he had managed not to touch the affected area. The purpose of the compulsion itself seemed to encourage a belief in, and an acting upon, the words covered by the potion, but also a more general trust in the man who had written them. Dumbledore's getting desperate Harry thought amusedly as he passed a hand over the sheets, brushing them to the side as they folded themselves neatly. He drew the heavy pack of canvas-wrapped papers in front of him, and a silver letter opener from the desk