Falter: Hey! Here's the sequel to Long Shot. We don't own PJO, HoO, or anything cannon. We also don't any songs or references in this fic. bluelove22: The song used is Give Me a Sign (acoustic) by Breaking Benjamin. Anyway, enjoy~ Trouble in Elysium One would think after getting thrown into the freezing cold lake at Camp Half-blood as per tradition, taking care of each other after getting sick from said incident, and spending a few weeks together that ended up literally being the best weeks of either of their lives, that things would continue looking bright for the young couple. Nico and Will, despite being almost complete opposites, suited one another perfectly. A match made by Aphrodite herself, her children called it. And many other campers agreed with this. However, every couple had their troubles. And by troubles, it meant something more along the lines of this... The day had started out just as most of the others had. Leo, having returned two weeks prior on his bronze dragon with his girlfriend Calypso, was making his silly jokes despite it being only eight in the morning. Nico couldn't pay attention to anything being said as he wasn't much of a morning person, but he tried to be polite and at least smile at the son of Hephaestus' humor. But it wasn't really Leo that was making the sleepy demigod smile. Will was cracking silly jokes right alongside the hyper little fire-user. Every time he did, Leo would groan comically, saying that the other needed help - a lot of help - with his jokes. Until Nico shot him a look that told him everything Will said was perfect, that is. Then it was all Leo could do but make another joke in hopes to distract the protective son of Hades from sending a skeleton after him. Dang, that kid was scary. To sum it up, Leo didn't say anything further about Will's comedic skills. After Leo had walked away with Calypso, Nico was walking to his cabin to get some sleep. Will, as usual, was following him and giving him tips about how morning activity was good for his health. "Naps are beneficial too, I suppose." Will added on as they stepped into the Hades Cabin. Nico just made a noise that told Will he had heard but was too tired to care. Within seconds the dark-haired demigod had buried himself back under the blankets and was halfway on his way back to sleep before Will slipped in next to him. Will wore a small smile as he watched the younger demigod sleep. He didn't even think that it would look weird that the two were sleeping in the same bed, but then again, Will didn't notice the 'little things' like that. He soon felt himself growing sleepy and taking comfort in the warmth of the son of Hades' body. He thought that was funny that Nico would be warm, but then he snuggled up against Nico and he was asleep. A knock at the door startled them awake, the younger of the two grabbing his sword from where it rested against the headboard of his bed and rolling onto the floor into a battle position in mere seconds. His hair was sloppy and in his face, but he didn't mind. "Nico," Will said with a lopsided smile, "it's just someone at the door." Looking at the ground sheepishly, Nico his sword back down before going to greet whomever had come to see him. He assumed it would be Jason, since he visited so often. There was also a chance it was one of Will's siblings who was looking for the head healer (since he was in his cabin on a regular basis). He did not expect to see Percy though, sea-green eyes bright as he took in the still sleepy Nico and a bushy-tailed Will Solace sitting up on his bed. "Hey, Neeks! I see my little bro's day has been sunshine and rainbows so far." "Percy," Nico greeted. "Don't ever say that again or I will cut your head off and feed it to Cerberus. Okay?" Percy gulped. Then he laughed nervously. "Point taken." Nico nodded. "Good. Now, why are you here at this ungodly hour?" "Um, it's almost noon," Percy deadpanned. "Precisely." "Come on, Nico. I came to ask you a favor, good knight!" Nico's poker face was perfect. "Never. Call. Me. A. Knight." Percy laughed and clapped Nico on the shoulder. "But seriously, I want to ask you something." Nico replied, "Shoot." "Will you shadow travel me to Walmart?" He asked. "Um, sure, I guess, but what for?" Nico questioned. Will listened with a pouty look on his face, but he was ignored by both sons of the Big Three. "Grover and I need some stuff for enchiladas. I promised him we could hang out sometime and make them; today is as good a day as any. And," Percy paused dramatically, "I RAN OUT OF BLUE FOOD COLORING!" Nico faked looking shocked. "Oh, no! Don't go on a rampage." He paused, then added, "That last part was serious." Percy looked at him, still ignoring Will. "So, will you do it?" Nico shrugged. "Sure." Will jumped up, tired of being ignored. "Hey! You can't shadow-travel. I don't want you to get hurt, Nico." Irritated, Nico glared at him. He was in sort of a bad mood since he'd been woken up and he didn't feel like listening to another lecture about his health. "I won't get hurt!" Will looked a little disheartened, but he kept at it. "You haven't tried using your powers to shadow-travel since the war," the blonde reminded. "For all we know you could start disappearing at any moment. I can't lose you, Death Boy. Not to mention who knows what would happen to Percy if it was while you were in the shadows?" "I thought you said you couldn't sense any darkness in me other than the usual aura I give off." "That's true, but-" "Then what's the problem?" Nico snapped. Okay, he was really irritated. He also had no idea what he should do. Will didn't know how to react about the sudden outburst. Nico had never really yelled at him like that, or at all, and Will hadn't ever raised his voice at Nico. Unless, of course, they had to, to hear each other over any noise that might have otherwise blocked hearing. Eyes narrowing, the son of Apollo was getting just as worked up as his boyfriend. "I don't want you to get hurt, Nico!" He almost yelled, but kept his volume controlled all the same. He didn't like how Nico and Percy acted around each other. They had such an easy flow, but Will and Nico were awkward. Sure, they had both loved the last few weeks, but Nico and Percy had something that Nico and Will did not. He felt a pang in his heart. What was he thinking? He wasn't allowed to get jealous. Not now. He felt like an idiot when he saw the testy expression on Nico's face. "Oh, yeah? Well, I can do this. I don't need a babysitter to be at my side every moment, Solace," he sneered. "I've been through Tartarus and back, for Favonius' sake, so if you think I can't handle going to a grocery store, then I don't think you know my abilities that well. I'm sick of you always fretting over me!" Will's face heated up. "Well, have you ever thought about asking me about it? I've put up with your crap about shadow-traveling, but I thought you were just complaining for the sake of it. So you, you, Mister di Angelo, have no right to talk to me like that, when it was your fault in the first place!" "How dare you say that to me?" Nico said in angry disbelief. "I've been constantly seeing you follow me around like a lost puppy, and I can't seem to shake you. You give talk about being social, but I think I already am. I can't even get privacy. Maybe you shouldn't stick your sunburned nose into places that you shouldn't," yelled Nico. He had taken a defensive stance without knowing it. Percy stood in the doorway. To him, it looked like Will was jealous. He ran off to get Jason and Nico sighed in defeat. "He probably went to get Jason, didn't he?" Will looked at Nico and nodded. "Yeah..." Nico scowled again. "That still doesn't change that you are always in my way!" He got in Will's face. "You can't just baby me all the time!" Will's face flushed. "Well, I am trying to protect you, you vitamin D deficient skeleton! Who knows what could have happened had you shadow-traveled too early? Huh?" "It's been weeks, for your information, but perhaps you've been staring at your dad so much that you've gone blind and can't even look at a calendar! I don't need protecting. If I can survive Greek Hell alone, then I'm sure I can take care of myself just fine." "You weren't taking care of yourself when I found you on Half-blood Hill ready to become one with the shadows!" It was at that moment Jason walked into the room followed by a reluctant Percy, but the fighting couple ignored them for the time being. "You're so stubborn, so dense that you can't even see that. Besides, you don't need to take care of yourself when your friends and I are here. We love you, but you still think you're a burden when you're anything but! I just wish you'd realize that." "Oh? So I wasn't a burden when I made you get stuck in the infirmary and you couldn't help anyone else? Anyway, it's just a shopping trip! I can do what I want, Will. So what if I take Percy to Walmart? What, are you jealous or something?" That struck a nerve. Jason and Percy were watching this as if it were an intense tennis match. Will almost slapped Nico, but thought better of it and didn't raise his hand. He hated violence and always tried to stick to pacifism. That and if he hurt Nico he knew he'd regret it instantly. "No, I'm not jealous. Maybe you -" he poked Nico in the chest, "- can't see when you're putting yourself in danger because you're stuck under that dark brooding cloud of yours half of the time." "What the Hecate?" Nico stepped away. "Danger? I'm in danger?" He shook his head. "You're in danger of becoming one with the shadows instead of me, Will. I know what's good for me. I'm not that dumb, you know." "Well, maybe I want to keep you safe! Isn't that what people do for one another?!" "There's a fine line, Will, between caring and creepy. I think you've crossed it! So just fuck off." The room turned about fifty percent darker before Nico pushed past Will to get outside. He sat down under a tree and melted into the shadows. Will didn't know what to do. He sat in the door, leaning against the frame, and put his face in his hands. Without looking at either Percy or Jason, he mumbled, "I guess I really messed up, huh?" ... Percy nodded. "Yeah, you screwed up, dude." Jason elbowed him. "Seriously, Percy?" Percy stared goofily at Jason. "And what a great help you turned out to be, bro." As the two walked away, Jason turned and said over his shoulder, "Will, you better go and find him. He's not going to come out and say sorry on his own, you know. He's sort of like a child like that. Once he sees you he'll realize he was in the wrong too." Despite the son of Jupiter's advice, Will didn't want to find Nico. He remembered all of his anger and didn't want to confront the younger demigod. He got up and went to the Apollo cabin