Falter: Um, I don't really have anything to say except: WARNING. MASSIVE SOLANGELO FEELS. I had a lot of fun writing this, and, um, have fun with the feels. Me and blue were making so many Three Days Grace References as we wrote this. Not in the story, but as we were talking. Anyhow, we may write a sequel. It's up to blue, so no promises. bluelove22: Hi people! If you've read my other stuff then I'm sure you'll love this and if you haven't well then at least you won't get mad that I have been working on this instead of The Music Curse *looks away nervously* this was just more fun... Falter is freaking awesome and I really enjoyed writing with her so, hey, a sequel is a high possibility. Anyway, enjoy~ Love, blue. Falter: Thank you for compliment :3 Falter, again: Well, we don't own Solangelo... sadly... Don't you wish we did? We also *sniff* don't own PJO, HoO, or anything canon. Rick Riordan owns that good stuff... bluelove22: Title inspired by Long Shot by Kelly Clarkson (the song makes me think of Solangelo, okay?). Falter: ENJOY OKAY YEAH ~ Falter out Long Shot Nico di Angelo, to the demigods at Camp Half-blood, was somewhat of a mystery. A wild card, or a puzzle that was too complex to solve. No, it wasn't because he was a son of Hades, the ruler of the Underworld. It wasn't because he got his father to join the Olympians in the battle against Kronos, rescued Percy from a cell in the Underworld, gave Percy the key to defeat Kronos, was imprisoned in a jar for days with only pomegranate seeds, or was the only one to know about both demigod camps before any of the other demigods. Even after hearing about how he had single-handedly survived Tartarus, nobody knew him for who he really was. They knew about what he had done and accomplished, sure, but nobody really asked about him. Until Will Solace came around and forced Nico out of his comfort zone. The blonde had barged into his life, questioned his decisions, and ordered him around, which was something Nico certainly was not used to. Maybe it was because being a son of the obnoxious god Apollo made him just as annoying as his father, or maybe it was because Will was just as stubborn as Nico himself. It hardly mattered now. Since Nico had been forced into the infirmary for three days a couple of weeks ago, it seemed that Will was there to stay. And to lecture him. The son of Apollo followed him around like a lost hellhound pup, commenting on what he ate, how he dressed, and what was or was not healthy for him. He acted like a doctor twenty-four/seven, and at first it irked Nico: "Nico! What did I tell you about eating McDonald's? It's going to make you fat and unhealthy. Here, eat some salad. Or drink juice instead of smoothies. Do you have any idea how much sugar those things have?! It's going to give you a heart attack! Hey! Don't you dare put that burger in your mouth. Oh, you did it now. What?! Get back here, Mister di Angelo!" "Seriously, di Angelo, are all the clothes you own black? It's eighty or ninety degrees out here, and if you pass out from a heat stroke because you think you're only allowed to wear clothes the color of Hades' robes, then you're going to be sentenced to the infirmary for another three days, and you are absolutely not going to leave the bed! Ooh, I have a nice orange shirt that you could wear. Don't you roll your eyes at me." "Death Boy, you shouldn't be sparring so soon after getting out of the infirmary. You wouldn't want those stitches I redid for you to rip, would you? Come on, let's go help people in the infirmary." As one could tell, it was definitely not common for someone to tell Nico di Angelo what to do, and he didn't know what he felt about it. On the one hand, it bothered him. No one had ever concerned themselves with his well-being before (Bianca and Hazel excluded). Why should someone like Will care about him? It made no sense. On the other hand, even if he couldn't quite understand why the son of Apollo cared for him it felt nice to know he was cared for. Or rather, have someone nag him like an evil stepmother. Over the past few weeks, Nico had gotten used to Will's constant corrections of how he would act. After all, it was in an Apollo kid's nature to be concerned about health. Maybe Nico had actually grown fond of Will's constant concern and kindness. After all, he was only worrying for a friend, right? However, after today's events, perhaps "friendly concern" wasn't a sufficient definition for what Will was showing him. "Nico!" A voice yelled to him. The son of Hades winced from where he laid sprawled out on the ground. He knew that voice very well. In fact, he heard it every day. "Solace," he stated calmly while attempting pull himself up. He didn't get very far though, because when he tried to support his weight with his palms, his hands sank straight into the dirt below. Immediately Nico's brown eyes rose to meet Will's blue ones. "Um, it's really not as bad as it looks," he lied. Will shook his head in disbelief and concern, dropping to the ground and quickly trying to take Nico's intangible hands in his own. He instead put his hands above the space where Nico's should be and said nothing while he hummed a hymn to his father to effectively chase the darkness away. Will, other than humming the hymn, stayed silent. It was a good thing too, because if Nico had to hear how he'd messed up again and made Will worry, he wouldn't have the heart to deny it. In Nico's own defense, he hadn't meant to dive (and almost melt) into the shadows to rescue a twelve year-old girl that had started to lose her grip on the lava wall. She would have lived, and come out with quite a few nasty burns, just like many of the other demigods that had attempted to climb the monstrosity that was known as the rock wall. Something about hearing her scream from where Will and he were watching from the sidelines (they were there because Cecil and Lou Ellen decided to race up the the course and had wanted Nico and Will to watch) had just gotten to him. Looking back on it, he had no idea what he was thinking. Maybe he was so used to shadow-traveling that, in a moment of danger, he forgot how harmful it would be to use his demigod powers. It made sense, since up until recently there hadn't been a downside to using his powers. Finally, once the prying eyes that had found the two boys so interesting lessened, Will gently helped Nico stand up. He dusted his jeans off and looked at Will. The taller demigod opened his mouth to talk. "You really need to learn to take care of yourself." And so the lecture began. "While I think it's great you saved Gina from a nasty fall, what would have happened if you'd been stuck in the shadows permanently? Don't you realize you should be your top priority? You could have died, Nico!" Nico stared at the son of Apollo with a dumbfounded look on his face. From the corner of his eyes he could see the girl he had rescued standing nearby, looking as if she wanted to thank him but was too scared to approach. Cecil, Lou Ellen, and a few others were within talking distance but were purposefully staying out of what sure was to turn into an arguement soon. "Well, what if she wasn't fine? How am I more important than someone who could possibly have a lot of friends as she goes on in life, and who probably has family? At least she would be more missed than me if I had faded," Nico growled. Will was trying to hide his anger. "You think that I don't care about you? What about Reyna, the Seven, everyone else that you've touched? The rest of the campers!" Nico snapped. "The rest of the campers ignore me. They either only want to be my friends to get closer to the Seven or pay attention to me when they want me to fight for them. Other than that they just look at me weirdly when I walk by. It's like I'm diseased. How's that for caring, Solace?" "I care about you, Nico." Will said, hurt clear in his voice. "What would I have done if you had faded?" Nico looked at his hands, which were freezing but at least solid. "I don't know. Find another friend?" Will frowned. "I don't want another friend. You're a good friend." The younger demigod wasn't sure how to respond to that. "Will..." "Even though you eat that awful fast food, you wear black clothes in all conditions, and you don't listen to a word I say-" "Okay, I get it, Solace. Enough with the doctor moment, okay? But really. My death would probably make some people happy. Before you rant, I'm not suicidal. I'm just stating a fact. Some demigods hate me. Oh, and so do Demeter and Persephone. We can throw Uncle Zeus into the mix while we're at it." "Zeus hates everyone," Will chuckled, but then turned serious. "Anyway, Nico, this time I'm putting my foot down. Absolutely no shadow traveling for one month unless you absolutely have to, as in you'll die without using them. Doctor's orders, di Angelo." Nico groaned. "I hate it when you do that! It's always 'doctor's orders'. What next? Will you be tucking me in at night so I can get enough sleep?" It was an offhanded comment, but it made Will blush. "Uh... no. Why would you say that? Do you want me to?" Will asked, confused. "W-what? No! It was just a joke," Nico protested. Honestly , he thought. Will wouldn't know sarcasm if it bit him in the face. His very handsome, adorable face... No, stop thinking like that! He's your friend, not someone to fawn over like a young schoolgirl. Or in my case a young schoolboy. Agh, even my thought aren't as dark anymore. Schoolboy? But in all defense, Will is pretty hot... Wait, what? Gods, first Percy Jackson and now a son of Apollo. His life was really going to Tartarus. In all seriousness, maybe he wouldn't mind being held by the blonde demigod... no. What was going on in Nico's head? Will couldn't possibly like him romantically, and Nico wasn't about to ruin this purely platonic relationship with him. Yep, yep. Just friends. Nothing more. And as much as it pained him to think that, he knew it was true because it had to be true. Why would the tall, admittedly good looking, tan, blonde son of the sun god, the god of light, fall for a child of the Underworld, of darkness? Wouldn't Will want to stay away from darkness? And yet here he was, giving Nico a shoulder to lean on. "Come on, Nico," ordered Will. All the tension from before seemed to have gone. "Let's get you to the infirmary and heal you up. I don't want you to become all ghostly, and... um... reach-through? I mean, if someone is see through, you can see through them. If someone's reach through, you can reach through them, right?" He rambled about this topic, among other trivial matters, as they walked toward the infirmary. It was actually so amusing, and maybe even a bit cute, that Nico stopped himself from explaining that the correct word would be intangible because you could see his hands