FAGE 007 Title: Message In a Bottle Written for: Everleigh Allen/ HisMysticMuse Written By: Readingmama/Vampiremama Rating: M light. Summary/Prompt used: Message in a Bottle If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-007/93625/ A/N- Thank you everyone who was a part of this round of FAGE. It has been brilliant. A huge thank you to Tammygrrrl for beta'ing not only this fic but several other of the FAGE stories. This woman is a trooper people, stand and applaud. And another huge thank you to my regular beta acrosstheskynstars for also checking this puppy over and always helping me to be a better writer. And to the lovely and talented HisMysticMuse, I hope I did your prompt proud and that you enjoy this. Read on! The waves bounced in, licking at the shore and then retreating farther back into the ocean. Another day was coming to a close and the receding water meant the cold was coming. Bella wrapped her arms around her legs and watched the horizon. Soon the sweat that gathered all day on her body would begin to cool and she would be shivering. It was the twelfth night on the beach and she was hungry — so hungry — and thirsty. There was a single coconut tree on the barely there island. The small patch of land had seemed her salvation after her small plane had crashed into the ocean. She had escaped the sinking metal by some miracle. She didn't know if her brother, Emmett, had made it, but at this point, it was unlikely. There was no more energy left to weep about it, though. There were no more tears; she was far too dehydrated for that. Emmett and she had been flying to Anguilla for Spring Break. He had just gotten his pilot's license and he'd wanted to show off, taking his little sister to an exotic location. But everything had gone so terribly wrong. Bella didn't remember much about the crash but she remembered the look on her brother's face right before they hit the water. She must have gotten out of the plane on her own, all she was clear on was she woke up floating on a crate in the middle of the ocean. She was conscious for two days in the ocean before she saw the small island ahead of her. What looked like salvation then, now looked like her grave. Inside the crate had been 6 bottles of rum. "You can't go to an island without rum!" Emmett had told her. "It's just not done, little sis." Bella wished he'd packed water instead. Knowing the alcohol would make things worse, she poured them out, filling the bottles with the milk from the coconuts. But the coconuts were gone. The island wasn't lush and there had only been a handful to start with. She could walk around the island in the span of two hours. There was no fresh water and there was nothing else to eat. The empty bottle in her hand was her last chance. The five before hadn't wielded any results but Bella knew time was slim and she grasped onto her last string of hope, knowing soon it would be gone, floating into the ocean. The rolled up label from the bottle was tucked neatly inside, the cap secured tightly so the water would be unable to ruin the message she had written. She had been so full of hope when she sent the first message, written with the charred branch of a tree that had been hit with lightening. Help me please, my plane went down. I ' m stranded on an island, somewhere between Puerto Rico and Anguilla. Bella Swan Bella had tossed that bottle into the water the first day. Her hope had been so high then, knowing someone would come for her. Now, she wasn't so sure. How would anyone find her on this tiny island, even if her bottle made it to someone? She had no idea how long it would take to get somewhere. Likely she would be dead by then. Now, a bottle with the same message in it was resting in her hands. She knew now was the time to throw it, when the tide went out. She stood up and followed the waves as they retreated from the shore line. Standing as far out as she could, she raised the bottle and flung it with all her might into the water. It landed but a few feet from her, her lack of strength showing. She walked backwards, watching the bottle as the waves began to carry it back in, and then out, slowly going out to see until it was finally gone. Normally then she would make her way into the small treed area and tucked herself into the sand behind a tree. It offered very little shelter from the ocean breeze, but little shelter was better than none. She would cover her body with sand, it was cold but it helped capture some of her body warmth. The heat came off her burnt face and her lips were dry and chapped, but Bella would say a small prayer and close her eyes, knowing tomorrow might be her last day. None of that happened that night, Bella was too weak and she sat in the sand on the beach, her eyes going black before her body had time to lie down on the sand. Bella woke, feeling something wet on her lips. At first she worried the waves had come up to her and she was drowning, but as her tongue tasted the water, she realized there was no salt. She grabbed at the bottle at her lips, holding it tight as she began to gulp down the offered water. After she finished it, she opened her eyes. Kneeling before her was a man. She didn't notice his handsome face or the way he was dressed, looking like a Hollywood pirate, because all she saw was her savior. She sat up and her arms wrapped around the strange man as she sobbed, "You found me. My God, thank you, you found me." "It's okay, I'm here," he answered. His voice was soft yet he spoke with the tenor of a man in charge. "Let's get you something to eat and then back on my ship." "Food?" Bella said like it was too much to believe she was getting rescued and she might get to eat. From a small leather pouch hanging from his side, he produced and apple, handing it to her. Bella didn't bother with manners, grabbing the fruit and taking large bites, moaning as she chewed. "There is lots of food, take it slow or you will make yourself sick," the man said. Once the apple was nothing more than a few seeds and a stem, Bella looked back to the man. Her body was still weak but it was powered by her renewed faith that she was going to live. "How did you find me?" she asked, her voice raspy after not being used for a fortnight. The man smiled, and Bella noticed the beauty in his face. Covered by a couple day's worth of stubble, his strong jaw framed his soft lips; lips that hadn't been dried out by two weeks without hydration. His eyes held a kindness in their deep green, and his coppery hair fell messily over his forehead, giving him almost a boyish look. "This is your message, is it not?" he asked, raising his hand up and showing her the rum label she had scribbled on. Bella's head started to swim and she began to sway. The man put his strong arms around her and lifted her with ease. She was barely conscious, watching the beach disappear as he placed her in a small row boat and paddled them back to his ship. ~~MiaB~~ Bella awoke later, tucked in a hammock hanging from two posts. The ship rocked gently, causing the fabric beneath her to sway. Her stomach panged and she wasn't sure if it was hunger or after pangs from the apple she had eaten earlier. She stretched, testing out the soreness of her body. The short jean skirt she had worn on the plane was even shorter after two weeks of wear, frayed and ripped. The white t-shirt was now dark grey with dirt and sweat. She sat up, her hand going to her hair which was matted under her fingertips. "Did you sleep well?" Bella startled, her hand flying to her heart. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to scare you." "It's okay," she said, laughing a little at herself. "It's been a while since I had company." "Understandable," he said, his lip turned up in a crooked grin, but his eyes held confusion as he looked at her. "I'm not really much for company." "Shouldn't you be driving the boat…er ship?" Bella asked awkwardly. "We are drifting for the night. I pull down the sails when I need to rest." "You are alone?" Bella said, looking around. Although she was in a small room in the confines of the ship, she knew she had seen it and it was big. "How do you sail it all alone?" The man smiled and ran a hand through his disheveled hair. "By the grace of God alone." Bella thought the words were strange, but she shrugged them off. "Do you have some place I could maybe get cleaned up?" She stood up out of the hammock and swayed, the man jumped up from the crate he sat on and caught her swiftly. "Come on. Malnutrition and the sea are not a good combination. I will give you something to eat and then you may use my quarters to bathe." "Thank you…" Bella paused, realizing, "You saved my life and I don't even know your name." "I am Edward," he replied. "Edward," Bella replied, and then she swayed on her feet again. Edward secured an arm around her waist and led her out of the room and into another that was similar but larger. The wood-framed room was clean and simple, housing only a small table and two chairs. Edward helped Bella to the first one and then sat down on the other side of the table. In the middle of the table sat a chicken, cooked golden brown and around it on the platter were roasted vegetables. A large loaf of French bread had been sliced on a cutting board, the pieces cut and waiting and yet they did not have the crusty appearance of bread left out. Two goblets were placed on either side of the table and filled with ice water. Bella took that first, drinking deeply. When she set her cup down, she noticed Edward had his head bowed and she felt embarrassed. "This looks very nice," she said, and it was a moment before he lifted his head and smiled. "Eat, please," he replied. "You must be very hungry." Bella filled her plate but her eyes were bigger than her stomach. She ate a few bites before her stomach could handle no more. She looked up and Edward was looking at her, his plate still empty. "Aren't you going to eat?" she asked him. "No, I'm not very hungry," he admitted. "Show me where I can take these," she said, motioning to the dishes. "I can help pack it up for later." "Don't worry about that," Edward replied, "Let me show you to the bathing quarters instead." Bella knew she should have insisted but a bath sounded heavenly. She had sand in every orifice of her body and her hair was a nest, so instead of offering again, she nodded and followed Edward out of the room. As they walked she noticed that he