A/N: Hey all! This is the new version of Trials and Tribulations! I was about half way through my old story and I realized I just wasn't happy with it anymore. I thank you for being awesome readers and reading the old version, but I think this one is going to be better! It's taking me a lot longer to write it, but the chapters are about twice as long and I'm putting my heart and soul into this. I really hope you all enjoy! Disclaimer: if you read anything in this story that was in the original books, that belongs to Susanne Collins, but I did happen to put my own ideas in here, so please don't steal them. REVIEW, REVIEW, REVIEW! -X- Her long fingers clutched the arms of the chair. The satin cushion underneath her was comfortable, but that was the only comfort she felt. Peeta's eyes looked straight ahead as he avoided her gaze. She sneaked a peek at his face through the corner of her eye; he was tense and angry. Very angry. She could see the confliction in his eyes. She knew what he was thinking. He wanted to hate her, but he couldn't, which made it even harder on her. She wanted him to hate her, he should hate her, but he couldn't, and it killed them both. Peeta's voice was clear and void of all emotion as he kept looking ahead of him. He didn't say her name which kept the conversation very impersonal. "I will act for the cameras, because that's what will keep us alive, but I will not act in front of my family and neither should you." "Peeta," it came out as more of a haggard whisper than a response, but his face didn't change to the plea. He sat still in the chair beside her staring at the wall. When she spoke his name his hand became a fist then loosened so quickly she almost didn't see it. She kept her eyes on his face for a minute, but all hope was soon drained from her being and she began to feel cold again. She sucked in a deep breath and looked out the window beside her. She watched the rushing scenery go by. She thought of how excited Prim would be to see her. She thought about how her mother might be emotionally present for both of them. She thought of Gale and how he'd help her adjust back to a normal life, but that was the problem, she could never go back to normal. Every time she thought of something she missed or was excited to see back in 12, Peeta popped back into her mind. She was tempted several times to look over at him; she couldn't get herself to do it. She couldn't face the fact that she was the one that made his smile fade, made his eyes lose their luster, and made his heart break. She couldn't bear to remember the moment she told him it was an act and that what she felt for him in the games wasn't real. He saved her from starving to death and she saved him in the games. She broke his heart, and he was beginning to break her. Katniss and Peeta both turned their heads towards the door of the cabin as it opened unexpectedly. Haymitch strode confidently through the door with a smirk plastered on his face. He was cleanly shaven with a pristine suit on without one wrinkle; a deed only Effie could have accomplished. "Five minutes till show time," with each word his smirk lost its luster, "get ready and meet me at the door." Once Haymitch left, the cabin was once again filled with an uncomfortable silence. After a minute of sitting awkwardly at each other's side, Peeta stood slowly, with a little wobble on his prosthetic leg; however, once he was on his feet he was as confident as ever. He pulled his jacket forward and smoothed it out and gave his forest green silk tie a tug. He stepped to the side, looked at Katniss and gestured for her to go before him. "After you," he said politely. Her heart dropped to her stomach and it broke a little more. She was certain he wasn't causing her pain on purpose, but it would have been much easier to handle if he was. She rose slowly and looked into his eyes and they were their normal blue color, but lacked the normal shine to them, their normal brightness. The anger on his face was gone, but she knew that was only for the cameras. His fair skin was still a little pink, but he was looking more himself. Her gaze dropped to the ground; suddenly embarrassed of the long gawk into his eyes. She saw the metal shine of his new leg. His pant leg was caught in one of the hinges, making the cloth a little too short. His eyes followed hers and he quickly pulled the cloth out of the hinge, then he stood straight and confident again. "Thank you," she said in a soft voice that was barely audible. "For what?" his eyes flickered to hers, but then he looked past her and out the window, he was still too hurt and embarrassed to look her in the face. He was a fool that had fallen too hard and trusted too much; a naïve child that believed in a happy ever after. "For saving me," she clarified in a slightly irritated voice. "Well," he said simply. His eyes returned to hers and she saw a little bit of fire in him, a spark of anger was back. "Looks like you owe me again, since you're so intent on repaying everyone for every little favor or nice gesture." The words stung her like a bee and she pushed past him. Just as she made it past his body she felt his thick fingers wrap tightly around her elbow. He held her in place, but she did not fight his grip. She didn't look back at him, but she tilted her head so he knew she was paying attention. "Katniss," he sighed. "I'm sorry, that was rude. You don't owe me anything." She turned her head to look back at his face. His expression was softer and friendlier. If she didn't know him so well she would have figured everything was fine, but she could see the underlying anger. She could see the hurt in his sky blue eyes. "You don't understand, do you Peeta?" she asked in a whisper. She touched her palm to his cheek as if the contact could mend the damage; then pulled it away before he could react. "I owe you everything." She pulled her elbow out of his grasp and walked towards the door. -X- "One minute," Haymitch said. The small smirk on his face was still there. Just enough for the crowd to think he was pleased, that he was proud, but the three of them knew just how dangerous of a situation they were in. Katniss jumped a little when she felt Peeta's hand grab hers and her head snapped to the side to look at him. "We're stopping," Peeta said with a fake smile and fake warmth. The smile was to convince Haymitch, even though he wasn't paying any attention to either of them. He was busy staring out the window and into the area of District 12. As the train approached the station; it slowed. The whole district was waiting for Katniss and Peeta to return. Not only was this victory huge for District 12, because they had a winner, but it was historical because there were two winners and they happened to be in love. Katniss could feel the pressure and fear fall onto her shoulders, and she was happy to have Peeta's warm and steady hand wrapped around hers even if he didn't like it. She looked at Peeta once last time before the doors opened and he was prepared; he had a big and almost genuine smile on his face. -X- The people were loud. The whole district was gathered around the train station. They were all yelling and cheering. She heard her name being called many times. She heard Peeta's being called many times, too. The whole thing frightened her. She hated being on display for everyone to look at, especially when they didn't know anything about her. She felt like a trophy; all shiny and pristine for everyone to smile at, but the reasons and the work it took to win was forgotten. The mass of bodies was crowding around the front of the train station. Their faces melded together because there were so many of them. The familiar smell of home was overwhelming; the mix of the thick green forest with burnt out fire. She closed her eyes for a brief second and breathed in the scent of 12 and let the familiarity of it calm her down. The thin layer of ash that covered everyone and everything was still there. The sweltering heat of summer was dying down a little as it approached fall, but there was still a sweat about to break out on her forehead. Haymitch was the first to step out. The confident smirk on his face was still intact when he turned to the side and held out an arm, gesturing for the victors to exit the train. Peeta took a steady step, with his hand still gripping Katniss' tightly. He turned to look at her when she didn't move. Her eyes were wide and her breath was rapid and choppy. Peeta placed his other hand on the opposite side of her waist and leaned into whisper something into her ear, but looked like he was giving her a kiss on the cheek. "I'll talk, just relax." His lips brushed against her ear and goose bumps were raised all over her olive-toned skin. She nodded so slightly only he could tell, then she plastered a fake smile on her face and followed Peeta's lead. They took synchronized steps out onto the platform in front of the train and in front of all the people. The grip Peeta had on her hand tightened a little. "People of District Twelve," Peeta said with ease and confidence, "we're happy to be back." With matching smiles on their faces they raised their joined hands and the crowd exploded in a thunderous applause. Cheering, yelling and even some screaming occurred. People were crying. Katniss looked around her and saw Prim sitting on Gale's shoulders, and the world felt right for once since the reaping. -X- The trio began to make their decent off of the platform, down the concrete stairs. There were cracks in the concrete and it looked a dark gray color because of all the ash. Haymitch walked first with Katniss in the middle and Peeta walking right behind her, holding her hand while waving to people with his free one. At the bottom of the stairs four Peacekeepers waited for them, they would escort them home while creating a protective box around them. The box was small, because the crowd didn't make room. Katniss' front was squished to Haymitch's back and her back was pressed tightly against Peeta's front. Each Peacekeeper's flank was either brushing against Haymitch's side or Peeta's. The screaming only became louder when they walked through the crowd. The people right on the other side of the Peacekeepers were tossing flowers and attempting to touch the new victors. People were shouting their names and screaming their admiration for the dual winners. With all the people around it was ten degrees warmer and sweat was dripping off of everyone. The smell of sweat and heated skin was overwhelming and beginning to give Katniss a headache. Someone reached out to touch her dress and she snapped her head to the side to barely catch a glimpse of