AN: This is set during Catching Fire from Peeta's POV during the days leading up to the announcement for the Quarter Quell and the hours immediately following. I've always kind of wondered what Peeta might have been doing and thinking during that time. Please R&R. The story cover for this piece is attributed to Matthew Venn on Flickr . Suspecting A Storm I was sitting in the kitchen when the front door flew open with such force that it hit the wall. I rolled my eyes. Bralin had always had about as much finesse as a sledgehammer. "Hey! Bro…where are you?" Bralin came barreling into the room, five large loaves of bread under one arm. "Oh, hey!" he said putting the loaves on the table. "Just brought you something from home." "Thanks," I said absently, looking over at the bread. I baked every day, but I expected Bralin's visit had less to do with the bread and more to do with getting away from the bakery. "This place is dark Peet…why don't you open up some curtains or turn on a light?" "Why?" I asked, looking around the room. "It's like a tomb in here. What are you doing?" "I don't know…just reading," I looked down at the book in my hands. "In the dark?" he laughed, pushing the kitchen chairs out of the way of the window and yanking the curtains to the right and left. The light cut in, hitting me in the face and forcing me to squint. "It wasn't that dark," I said sheepishly, realizing that I'd left the lights off again. I had to get used to being able to turn on and off the lights at my whim. It had always been an issue when I lived at home. "Yeah, it was brother. What is it you're reading there?" "Uh…it's a history book." "Is it any good?" I smiled at him wanly. "Well…it's a history of the Capitol. And not the one that was required reading here for school. I swiped this one while I was there." I looked at the cover of the book. "You? Perfect Peeta stole a book? I'm shocked!" he said, mock horror on his broad face. His blonde hair was sticking up in little spikes just like it had been my whole life. Bralin was four years older than me, and my earliest memories of him involved spiked hair and trouble. Bralin's idea of a good time when we were kids was stealing things from the bakery. Bits of things really, since everything that we made in the bakery was weighed and measured, accounted for and kept within strict margins. But he was a great enthusiast of the little things; he'd been known to scrape the hardened crust from the bottom of the sugar canister and squeeze the last little bit of frosting from the cake decorating bags and tips before they had been cleaned, just to say that he'd gotten one over on the old lady. That's what he called our mother. That I'd been a party to his pillaging had less to do with the sport of it and more to do with the fun of being with him. Bralin knew how to have a good time, and as devious as he could be in his schemes to steal from mother, he was devout in his willingness to take full responsibility whenever we were caught. This meant that he had more than his fair share of beatings over the years, but he grew strong and impervious as time wore on. Taber, my other brother, older than me by two years, always joked that mother had been spoiled having such a big son first and she'd whetted her appetite for beatings on him. Taber said that he thought it frustrated her that she had to go easier on the two of us because we were smaller. It was true that Bralin was as big as a house, but Taber and I weren't small, and I never agreed with his account of mother's beatings. I always thought she went after the three of us with equal brutality. "So what are you reading about?" Bralin asked distractedly, while looking out the back window of my kitchen. "The last Quarter Quell." "Why are you doing that?" I leveled a look at him, arching an eyebrow. "Oh…right…you're trying to get an idea of what they're going to do this year." "I'm pretty sure I have some idea of what they are going to throw at us this year…I'm just trying to figure out how they are going to do it," I said, blowing out a breath and putting the book on the table. I stood up to stretch my back, wincing a bit when I walked to the sink Damn leg. "How do you know what they are going to do?" he asked, sounding confused. I looked over at him and then scanned the walls and ceilings of my house. Anyone could be listening . "I need to get out for a bit of air. Wanna walk?" I asked, trying to sound nonchalant. "Sure bro…do you want your cane?" he asked in a sweet doting tone as he batted his eyelashes at me. "Shut up, Bralin," I snickered, giving him a light shove toward the door. "Let's go…get out of my house." We walked down the front steps. The weather was warm but there was a bit of a breeze coming up the row of houses that made up the Victor's Village. I looked down the road, wondering at the fact that only three of them were occupied. Seemed like such a waste…all that wealth on three victors. Not that any of it surprised me anymore. As if reading my mind Bralin said wryly, "Too bad only one house per victor. Be nice to be living in this perfectly nice, empty house right next door to yours." I felt an old twinge of guilt that had started right after my return to twelve. My mother had expected the family to move in with me, for my father to give up the bakery and for all of us to live together under one roof again. My roof. When I had told her that that arrangement wasn't going to work for me I thought she was going to lose all good sense and hit me right across the face even though I towered over her by over half a foot. Instead she started screaming about how ungrateful I was, about how she and my father had always done everything for me, and that letting them live with me was the only way to repay them. This scene had lasted approximately fifteen seconds when my father had stepped in and quietly but firmly admonished her for her behavior. Apparently he had not known of her plans to demand to live with me, and he had no intention of giving up the bakery. Bralin and Taber would continue to live at home with them and help run the bakery. I had earned my own home and there was no reason to think that I'd be sharing it with someone else. As he'd spoken all of the words rang with the tone of truth, and yet the last ones hit me a bit close to the heart. No reason to think I'd be sharing it with someone else. As things stood right now I would be sharing my home with someone else; whether or not she actually wanted to live there remained unclear. Actually, if I was honest with myself it wasn't unclear at all. Katniss and I spent just about every day together and there was no doubt in my mind that a strong friendship had been forged, but I knew that she had someone else in her heart. Knowing Katniss, I was sure it was more complicated than that, but trying to force her on it would only result in pushing her away. I shook my head a little bit to get this line of thinking out of my head. If my suspicions about the Quarter Quell turned out to be true, the whole issue was soon to be pointless. Bralin and I walked in silence for a while. "So what did you want to talk about Peet?" he asked. I'd been thinking about what I wanted to say for a while, and I knew that it was Bralin I wanted to talk to, so the words flowed freely. "I've had a will drawn up, Bralin. I don't know how well it will hold up from a legal standpoint over the next few months because I'm convinced that things are going to get very ugly around here. Probably sooner rather than later. In any event, if the law does manage to hold I've arranged for my home and belongings to go to Katniss in the event of my death. If we should both be killed then I've left everything to you and Taber. Hopefully it will give the two of you a chance to get away from mother, even if it is just between shifts at the bakery." "Both be killed? What are you talking about Peeta?" Bralin walked closer to me, towering over me in a conspiratorial way, which was good. It would be harder for anyone to pick up on what we were saying. "The Quell, Bralin…they are going to draw us into the Quell." "What? Why? They can't do that…you're victors…you are exempt." I reached up and placed my hand on my brother's massive shoulder. "I know…I know. Please calm down. I don't want anyone else to hear about this," I said quietly, looking toward Katniss's house. "I don't know anything for certain Bralin. But things aren't going so well in the other districts…there have been uprisings. And the president blames Katniss. He thinks that she started a revolt with the berries…that she acted in defiance of the Capitol." He was standing there looking at me with furrowed brows, but he started to nod his head a little. That was why I wanted to talk to Bralin first without Taber. Bralin had a head for strategy after all of those years trying to elude mother. Taber would have gotten hung up on the idea that the love story between Katniss and I was a myth, not because he was dim, but because he was sensitive to the fact that I did indeed have feelings for Katniss that transcended the fiction, and he would have felt sorry for me. That was the very last thing that I needed right now. "So why not just take her out? Why go after you too?" I looked him dead in the eyes and said quietly and evenly. "You should know by now Bralin…if they try for her it is the same as if they went for me." He nodded his head, not because he agreed with me but because he accepted me at my word. "They could do it quietly…an accident or an illness. We are out at the ass end of the country. Why are you so certain it will be the Quell?" "The president will want to make an example…to the districts." "If they separate you?" I winced because he had hit on the thing that I was the most afraid of…that they would somehow get her into the Quell and not me. "I have to believe that the Capitol audience would not accept that as an option," I said, shrugging my shoulders. Again he nodded, forever strategizing. We started walking again. I felt better, lighter, though I knew that unloading this burden on Bralin wasn't entirely fair. In part I wanted to talk about it because it worried me, but I also wanted a member of my family to know about the will. I couldn't trust anyone else with the information. Better to not tell Katniss anything at all. At best I would only cause her to become more angry and unpredictable, at