For angels entwined for the Caesar's Palace exchange. Thank you for the easy but marvelous prompts, and please excuse my blatant disregard of the word limitations. If it was an actual contest you should feel free to disqualify me. :3 A/N: The names you don't recognize are OC's, but all you need to know is that they're dead. Except Angelica. Y'know. You know what life's greatest delusion is? The biggest lie they will ever tell you is that life- is- fair. That's what her father told her the day he returned home to their flat from District Four and flung his suitcase to the floor with a slam, tore off his suit coat and his wig. He'd just received his letter of relocation . "Cows and sheep!" he exclaimed, face flushed with rage and quite close to tears, as his little daughter watched in bewilderment. "That's the only success that district has ever provided. Cows and sheep…" Angelica was twelve when her father was demoted to the position of escort for the lowly District Ten. Gone were the days of his prestige and power in the Capitol. Gone were the visits to the Circle with him on Parade days, shaking hands with the fiery tributes and knowing it was possible that she could return and shake their hands again later, as Victors. Some other little escort's daughter shook Finnick Odair's strong hand when he was reaped, and he probably kissed her when he won. Maybe this was the reason Angelica grew up with a unique appreciation for the Hunger Games. She didn't rave about them the way her peers did- after all, they stole her father year after year, betrayed him with reassignment to a lower district, made him angry and bitter and distracted even when he finally returned home again- but they were a mirror to reality. Life was just like the Games, you see- you came in first or you came in last. There was no second place. The world, even in the Capitol, wasn't free and equal and full of opportunity for everyone. It was competitive and cutthroat and prone to chewing people up and spitting them out again. If you wanted life to be fair to you, you had to force it to be fair. Fight, scream, cheat, trample to the top- It was a plan ( delusion ). She worked hard- she stood her ground- she fought- she made her own way, unlike those spoiled, flouncing show-offs she grew up with. She made brilliant grades, graduated at the top of her class. She exploited ( used) her resources, cut necks ( to save her own ), turned on the charm ( it never failed ). And then the one thing came that she couldn't control. Don't you see, I have to go, Angelica. This is the biggest opportunity of my life. Escort for District Two- No, I don't see how we can go long-distance. I'm sorry. She had screamed at him- Don't you know they'll spit you out in a year or two - like her father- it's not like you'll always be the best one for the job- Don't go- He went. That had been back at Christmastime, and he had left her with a box of chocolates and a black hole so big she couldn't kick or scream or claw her way out of it. Life wasn't fair . Two months have passed in a thick, swirling mist, and she hasn't seen a bright spot to pull her up through the clouds. Suddenly every carefully-managed detail is slipping through her fingers, and what does it matter anymore? She's come in second ( last ) place, not to another woman but to a hot-shot job description. Angelica finds herself alone on a Friday night, holed up in her apartment with those pills the doctor gave her, and that alcohol she never used to touch, and that's when the ad for the Victory Tour comes on television. It should have taken place months ago- around the time he left- a celebration, a bright spot in the middle of the gray-bleak chill of winter- but they've been delaying it week after week after week. They say it's for the health of the Victor - whatwashername - the skinny, fragile girl who managed to stay afloat long enough for the cannons to finish tolling. They say she hasn't pieced herself together enough yet to return to the Capitol- (they say she's mad )- But everyone knows the real reason for the delay. Finnick Odair will be in the Capitol on Valentine's Day. Finnick. Odair. In. The. Capitol. On. Valentine's Day. It's not a coincidence. It's destiny . It's love . (Say a hundred hearts.) And her heart rolls its eyes at first, when the announcement comes on television. But then she thinks about how she would've liked to shake his hand that first day- and how maybe if she would've been the escort's daughter he might be kissing her instead of all those spoiled rich girls- she used to dream of that when she was young- The announcer mentions that there will certainly be a lot of competition for his time that night, and to her plugged-underwater-drowning ears it almost sounds like a challenge. And the silly fantasy becomes a solid goal when Angelica remembers that he'll be there, at the parties and the ceremonies, and he would have no choice but to see her recovery. Her status. Her victory. The idea ( obsession ) is planted. The twilight is foggy and warmer than usual, and as Angelica steps out of her car she can't help looking forward to this, walking out of the mist and back into sunlight, into living, into winning again. Finnick Odair is onstage when she slips into the back of the nightclub, slouching casually in his chair and laughing at one of the emcee's pointless jokes. He throws out a couple of 'thank-you's to sponsors, but it isn't a formal speech. Those were completed this morning. The Victor girl is nowhere to be found, if anyone is even looking for her. After the long days and nights of watching the official speeches in the Districts- counting down, Twelve, Eleven, Ten, Nine, Eight- BLAST OFF- into the Capitol, they've seen enough of their Victor. They've seen her shake and cry and throw up on her platform and now it's time for Finnick to erase the wretchedness of it all from their minds. And so he read a poem he wrote, about his favorite subject. Love. His eyes are green- a luminous green she didn't think was found in nature- greener than emeralds- and when they sweep across the room and catch hers, her heart gives several quickened jolts. Sure, so does every sighing, dreaming heart in the room, but she's not like them. She's not shallow like the others. In the two days since she saw the Victory Tour ad, she's fallen in love , and isn't it beautiful that he could make her believe in love again? (And to believe in herself, that she could go through with this.) He finishes the poem, golden spotlights highlighting his cheekbones, with some crooning little rhyme that he purrs instead of speaks. He folds the poem up, and that's when she notices that his right hand is bandaged, across his palm down to his wrist. Something twinges in the back of her mind, but she ignores it. She's not shallow and the imperfection doesn't bother her. Then his eyes sweep the room and land on a young, blond woman in the back, and he calls her to the front. "Melissa, come up here, baby." There is a deeply jealous applause, and Finnick thanks the girl for her thousand-point contribution to next year's Games. Some lucky tribute- Angelica cuts the deluge of gratitude short when she stands up at her table, heartbeat roaring in her ears. "Three thousand points!" she calls out, and the attendees all fall silent. She repeats herself, more forcefully, and in the split second before hell breaks loose, the blonde makes eye contact and curls her lip. Then suddenly, chaos, shouting, hollering, climbing over tables. Women are shouting out point values in a frantic bid, and waving wallets high over their heads. Angelica pushes her way to the front- as usual- and stands with her arms crossed, watching silently. The emcee panics and calls for security. Finnick smirks and laughs. "Security? This is what we call job security!" he leans over and calls into the emcee's microphone. The blonde launches herself off the stage and tackles Angelica, fingernails flying. Finnick quickly pulls her back and says that's enough , still smirking hotly, but his darting eyes ripple with amusement just deep enough to cover the concern. (Good thing no one's looking deeper.) Twenty minutes and a bit of tear gas later, the crowd has disbursed, and the blonde has been led away with her hands wrenched behind her back. Angelica ignores the security officers and mounts the stage, makes a beeline for Finnick. It's good to meet you, Mr. Odair. And she sticks out her hand and shakes his- minding the bandage- and a portion of her life is fulfilled. "You started this?" he asks with raised eyebrows. She nods, and he laughs, pulls her in close and kisses her. He likes feisty girls. Victory. It's Valentine's Day, and Angelica is on the news, as the rioter who is going to dinner and a movie with Finnick Odair. Dinner, and a movie, and more, the channels make it clear, although the cameras can only follow them so far. She spent seven hours this morning getting dressed and buffed and polished and made up to perfection, and called all her friends to tell them the big news, but no one would answer. They always were jealous of her success. Finnick raps on her apartment door at seven- right on time, in a smoldering suit and tie - and takes her hand, as if he's oblivious to the dozens of news cameras trailing them down the hallway. She's not, and she blushes and adjusts her bodice and makes sure they get a shot of her kissing him before they enter the theater. Kissing him turns out to be a lot more interesting than the film, and afterwards she couldn't have told you what it was about. It's all so perfect, so wonderfully and beautifully perfect , a romantic dream that was only ever a dream with him. The only thing that's nagging at her is his hand. She couldn't explain why it bothered her. It's not like she's one of those girls, shallow enough to imagine he's perfect- no matter how many of her friends she's heard gush about his flawlessness - but on television, he always seemed larger, taller, grander than life, an impenetrable fortress, and she doesn't like to think that strength can be compromised. "What happened?" she finally asks as they sit down to dinner, and he takes her coat, like the gentleman he isn't. "My dear," Finnick begins slowly, sea-green eyes catching and holding hers in that enthralling way of his. "Every rose has its thorn." The bouquet of blood-red roses Finnick produces tickles her noses with its sweet scent, but she takes care to avoid the sharp thorns as she grasps them. "But you're worth it," he assures her, exhaling the words into her ear. She is moved. Weaknesses wrought by love, those are forgivable, right? (It was Haymitch Abnernathy who dug the glass shards out of Finnick's palm, because the doctor would have wanted to know why he shattered his television screen.) (Not everyone is excited for the program tonight.) She forgets and squeezes his hand several times during the movie. He's trained his face not to react, but she still sees the tense little jolt that shoots through his shoulders. "I'm so sorry," she gushes profusely to his pain, but it's mostly the hidden anger, not embarrassment,