Author's Note: This story will eventually turn into slash- dealing with a homosexual relationship in some aspect or other between Harry Potter and Severus Snape. If that isn't your cup of tea, please move along; there's nothing to see here. You have been warned. If, on the other hand, that's something you might find enjoyable (as a further dimension of plot and story) then please do read on and enjoy. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or related characters and properties. I'm just having a bit of fun. No Milk Today Summer -1969- The old man's garden was a favorite for all the children of the neighborhood, and Severus was no exception. He was nine, but he was smart for his age, and he knew something that none of the other children in the village knew: the man was a wizard. Severus stood back from the other children as the man took fresh apples from his tree to give to each one. He was telling a story about a dragon. The old man was always telling stories like that. The stupid muggles all thought that they were fairy tales of course, but Severus knew better. Severus knew that they were true- even if there hadn't been a Norwegian Ridgeback in Britain in over half a century. He hung back still as the man finished his story and the other children left, laughing and joking with each other. It wasn't until all the other children had gone that the man finally turned to look at the sullen greasy-haired boy in the baggy second-hand clothes. "Didn't you want your apple, young master Snape?" He asked, reaching a gnarled old hand up to pluck another from the tree. "You really should try one. They're quite good this time of year." Severus reluctantly left the garden fence and walked over to take the apple. He took a bite with his crooked teeth, chewed and swallowed, and finally said what he'd been wanting to say every day since he had come to the garden the first time a few weeks ago- trailing unseen behind the other village children. "I know you're a wizard." The old man's reaction to the accusation wasn't the one Severus' had been expecting. He shrugged it off. "They're just stories I tell, master Snape. They aren't true- just stories that I make up to entertain the children." The man spoke to him like he was explaining to a small child that there was no such thing as Father Christmas. Severus wasn't swayed. "They might not all be true," Severus said, "but I know you're a wizard anyway." The man regarded him seriously, but there was something in the way that his eyes sparkled within the deep folds and wrinkles of the man's face that made Severus think that he was really amused. "And what," the man asks, "has so firmly set such a silly notion to work in your mind, might I ask?" This is what Severus had been hoping for, and he brightened. He always liked to show adults how clever he was. "This," he said, pointing to a purple flower near the fence. "This is aconite." "Very good," the man praised, still not looking convinced. "And that over there," he pointed to a blood-red flower near the cobblestone path leading up to the old man's cottage. "That's flowering dragon lotus." "Correct again." "Mugwort and wormwood over there," he pointed to one of the shadows near the garden shed. "And asphodel ." His eyes widened in excitement. "Asphodel right out where anyone can see it." The old man smiled. "I'm impressed with your knowledge of botany, master Snape, but I fail to see what it has to do with why you seem to think I'm some kind of magician." Severus scowled. Even at this age, he was quite good at it. "Not a magician," he spat the word out with disgust, "a wizard. And it isn't botany either; it's herbology. And I know you're a wizard, because no muggle would plant wormwood and asphodel in their back garden." "Maybe I just like the way they look." "Or maybe," Snape said mockingly, "you're going to chop them up into potion ingredients and brew the draught of living death ." The man smiled. "I have half a mind to chop you up into potion ingredients, you precocious little brat." Severus was pretty sure the man was joking. The old man chuckled at the look of near terror on Severus' face. "Well, come along," he said, gesturing to the door of his little cottage. "You'd better come inside and have a cup of tea while I read you the Statute of Secrecy." The boy followed him into the cottage with hardly a second thought, and looked around with deep interest. This definitely wasn't the house of a muggle. Growing up in a household where magic was almost scorned, Severus thought he had never seen anything as blatantly magical as the old man's home. A broomstick sat on a small worktable at one end of the kitchen, though the old man hardly looked capable of riding it. The rest of the table was covered with miscellaneous Quidditch gear, and a broken snitch lay in pieces on a black cloth. There were spell books and robes littered around haphazardly, and a small cauldron hung on a hook near the fireplace. "Your mother is Eileen Prince, is she not?" the old man asked. "You have her look about you." Severus, who had never been told that he resembled anyone but his father, only nodded, not taking his eyes from the potion ingredients hung to dry from the rafters in the kitchen. "I'll just floo her to come collect you then," the old man said, starting toward the hearth. "We aren't on the network," Severus quickly answered. "My father is a muggle, and he doesn't really approve of magic." The old man raised one shaggy grey eyebrow at this, but made no comment. "Is your father home this afternoon?" Severus shook his head. "Wonderful." The old man took his wand from somewhere within the folds of his rough spun work shirt, and something ghostly-white erupted from the tip. It capered around the enclosed space of the cottage's main room and when it turned to face its master, Severus saw that it was a large antlered deer. "Miss Eileen Snape, you may come to fetch your son at your leisure. I think you know where you'll find him," he spoke to the animal, and it disappeared. "What spell was that?" Severus asked when the hart had gone. "It's called a patronus," the old man answered. Severus' eyes widened. "I thought they were for fighting off dementors." "Primarily, though they have a few other uses- including a means of sending a message to your mother without leaving some evidence to get her into trouble with your father." "Can you teach me?" "Perhaps one day, when you've earned your wand." The old man moved to the kitchen and set the kettle on the stove. "We'll just have a cup of tea while we wait for your mother. I have no doubt she'll be along shortly," he said as he returned to the sitting room. "Are you a Potion Master?" Severus asked, touching the edge of the cauldron in the corner. "You must be if you have asphodel. It's only used for the draught of living death, and you'd have to be a Potion Master to be able to brew that." The man shook his head. "Unfortunately, I do not have that particular title, though I did take my N.E.W.T. levels in Potions. I did fairly well too; I had a good teacher. But no, I am not a Potion Master, I didn't plant the asphodel, it was there when I moved in, and no decent wizard would brew the draught of living death in any case." "Oh," Severus seemed disappointed with this answer. "So what do you do then?" "I tend my garden and tell the children stories to entertain them." "Well, yeah, but you're a wizard. What do you really do?" "I'm retired." Severus rolled his eyes. "Before that." "Before that?" the man considered his answer for a long time. "I suppose you could say that I was involved in Defense Against the Dark Arts." "Like an Auror?" "No, master Snape, not at all like an Auror," the man snapped. "I have neither the time nor the patience to deal with the Ministry of Magic ." "A teacher then?" Severus asked. "I have taught before, yes." Severus' heart soared at this- imaginings of castles full of books, and magic, and adventure. "Will you teach me something?" the boy asked. "My mother lets me help her with her brewing sometimes, when father is away." The old man made a thoughtful noise. "Has your magical ability manifested itself already then?" "Manifested?" Severus asked, turning the unfamiliar word over in his mouth. "Yes, manifested, Mr. Snape. In this case, it means to make its presence known through a physical demonstration- to appear, as it were. Have you done some magic accidentally when you were in a heightened emotional state? When you were upset or angry or worried? When you were happy? Most witches and wizards show their magical ability around eight or nine. This is why they start Hogwarts at the age of eleven." "Oh yes," Severus nodded. "I can do other things too. When I'm trying, I mean, if I concentrate." "What sorts of things?" Severus shrugged. "Move objects from one end of the room to the other, light candles, little things like that." "Interesting." The man nodded. He looked the boy over appraisingly. "Perhaps I may have some use for you, after all." There was a knock on the door then, and the old man answered it to find the boy's mother standing on the stoop. She really did have a similar look to her son, but where the boy's features looked awkward and oversized, the woman's dark hair and eyes, and the large nose, coupled with her height and slender figure gave her a look of nobility. "Mrs. Snape," the old man greeted, ushering her in. "Thank you for coming." She nodded briskly. "I hope that Severus hasn't been a bother." "Oh, not at all," the old man smiled warmly. "Your boy is very sharp." She gave the boy in question a piercing gaze. "That does not save him from being tiresome." "On the contrary, Severus has been a delight." The kettle began to whistle then. "Ah, perfect timing! Do stay for tea, won't you?" "Certainly." She took a seat on the couch beside her son. Her cold visage looked almost comically out of place in the warm little cottage. The old man busied himself with making tea- putting three teacups and some biscuits on a tray with the pot. "Do you know what mint looks like, master Snape? A friend of mine favors it in his tea, and I've developed a taste for it myself. There is some growing near the garden shed. Would you be so kind as to fetch a sprig for me?" Severus nodded. "I like it too." "Two sprigs then." The old man smiled, and the boy hurried off diligently. The man set the tea tray down on the table and took a seat to Eileen Snape's right hand. He poured the tea and handed a cup to the handsome woman. "From what I've observed and gleaned from Severus, I've learned something of the situation with your husband." Eileen opened her mouth to protest, but the man held up a hand to forestall her. "I'm not judging. I merely hope that I might offer a mutually beneficial solution," the old man said in answer to her unvoiced objections. "Your son has expressed some desire to learn magic. And, as I grow older, I begin to regret my choice never to have children. I have no one to pass my knowledge down to. It