I'm in the start tube; waiting and I feel myself rising up. I'm on the start platform and I have to wait 60 seconds, 59, 58, 57... I take a look around and dread fills me at once. Were in the cornucopia and I see supplies but beyond that is a cliff. No way to escape. I see that the weapons are to the left of me and all the other items are to the right. I slowly turn and see that behind me there are two lakes and three forests. The first forest looks normal to me but from watching the hunger games all my life I know that that can't be true. I look over at the second forest and see that it's a rain forest and think that I should probably stay clear of that one. And the last forest that I see is covered in snow and ice and it looks freezing in there! I can't tell from here what the lakes are though but if there like the forests they must be something different. I'm starting to wonder if those lakes go through the forests or not and if they don't I might have to go to the "winter" forest for water. I know the gong will sound soon and I have to decide if I'm going to run for the safety of one of the forests or if I'm going to try to go fight for weapons and supplies. But all of the sudden I hear ONE, TWO, THREE and I see three of the tributes jump off of their pedestals and get blown into a million pieces. I'm shocked at what just happened and I'm frozen and holding my breath wondering what's going to happen next. I see the other tributes are frozen just like me. "Lady's and Gentlemen let the 47th Hunger Games begin" I mumble to myself. Just then the gong sounds and everyone's off. I decide my only chance of survival is to try to get a weapon or something out of the cornucopia. I run to the weapons deciding that a weapon will be more helpful to start the games with and I can always find food in the arena. I see a pack of knifes right in front of me and know what I'm going to go after. I get to it and grab it. But there's someone behind me, I can fell it, this is not good. I turn around and look up and there he is the huge tribute from district 6 I saw during training. All of the sudden his eyes go wide and he stops moving and falls to the ground. I hear a laugh. Behind him is the girl from six, also huge like him, and she says "I never liked him, he was always a bully in school". "Allies" I ask and she agrees and where off running trying to pick up whatever we can get on the way to the forest. I end up grabbing knifes, a bow and arrow, and a back pack. Ashley gets a pack of knifes and also a backpack. We don't stop running till we are a safe distance from the cornucopia. The girl from six turns to me then and says "hey, I'm Ashley and you?" "Brittany" I exclaim out of breath. We both think it would be best to find somewhere to hide until the bloodbath ends and everyone has spread out. We decide to climb a tree that looks safe to us from the bottom and climb it. Once where up in the tree we decide to take a look through are bags and see that we each have an extra sweat shirt, a bottle of water, a first aid kit, some food, and a blanket. It's starting to get dark so we decide to just stay in the tree till tomorrow and then we will find some food and water. The capital seal comes on just as where settling down and we wait to see who was all killed during the bloodbath. Only 5 kids end up dying. Which I think might be a low record in hunger games history. The faces that I saw flash in the sky where: The girl tribute from 1, both tributes from 3, boy tribute from 6, boy tribute from 9, and the girl tribute from 11. I suggest that I take the first watch so that she could sleep but she insists that she takes the first watch so I grab my blanket and settle in the tree. I don't totally trust Ashley yet so I put one of the arrows on my bow and hide it under my blanket just in case she tries to pull something on me. The bow turns out to be useful because I get startled awake to the sound of a branch cracking and look to see Ashley has her knife positioned right over my heart and I don't hesitate and shot the arrow right through Ashley's heart before she has a chance to send her knife to my heart first. I hear a thunk as Ashley hits the ground and soon after I hear the cannon being shot. I'm scared for a moment thinking that if anyone was near they would surely know where I am now, but no one comes. Soon it becomes dead silent like someone has turned off the night and the hovercraft appeared above me and Ashley gets lifted into the night. 6 down 18 more to go I think to myself. I'm so glad that Ashley had left all of her stuff in the tree when she attempted to kill me. Now I have 4 extra knifes, more water and food, and another sweat shirt and blanket! This is very helpful. I decide that I can at least get a little more sleep before I go hunt for food and maybe check out the lake. I wake up at dawn felling hungry and thirsty but at least rested. I pack all the important things into one of the backpacks; luckily it's already camouflaged already so I don't have to worry about that. I figured my best bet would be to just leave the other backpack up in the tree were no one can see it. I climb a little higher into the tree and put it securely around a branch so it won't be seen or fall out. I already have my backpack on and am about to start climbing further down the tree when I hear something and look down and see if I'm not mistake the brother and sister from district 2 walking toward the tree I am in. I doubt they see me but I'm staying perfectly still just in case. I hear them start talking and the girl says to the boy "Ryan are you sure it was here?" "I'm almost 100% sure Rachel I saw her fall with my own 2 eyes!" "Well I don't see anything she must have had something with her!" exclaimed Rachel "Keep your voice down we don't want to be killed do you? And I think it was right here the ground looks disturbed." "Well guess she had nothing so let's move on." Rachel exclaimed frusteratidly. They walk away but I fell its probably safer to wait about a half hour or so that way they can get a safe distance away from me. When I think it is safe I climb down the tree and take out my bow. I only took a few steps before I heard laughter coming from behind me and spin around, bow still in hand, and saw Rachel and Ryan step out from behind a tree. I knew right away that they knew I was up there all along and were waiting for me to come down. I see that they each only have a knife as far as I could see. Before they could even say anything I took off running as fast as I can. I'm lucky that I am fast. I start zigzagging threw the trees just to make it more difficult for them to catch me. They throw nothing at me which is weird and I see them still behind me running at the same pace that I am when I look back. I have no idea where I am going but at this point I don't really care. The trees are starting to thin out so I think I'm heading back toward the cornucopia. I'm starting to get nervous by this thought, having no idea what I'll find when I get there. I get out of the forest and stop right in my tracks not even remembering that there's Rachel and Ryan behind me. I snap out of it and look back and they are stopped to. What I see in the cornucopia is something I have never seen in any of the games I have been forces to watch before. All the tributes are there but there's doubles of everyone. It's hard to tell which the real tribute is and which is not but I soon notice the difference between them. The capital mutts all have this little spot on their neck that's green. I turn around and look at Rachel and Ryan and see that there not Rachel and Ryan but also the capital mutts. The real Rachel and Ryan are standing across from me. I think everyone has noticed now what is going on. Some try to run back into the forest but the mutts won't let them get farther then the end of the woods. The mutts start moving closer, forcing us all to move closer together. None of the tributes make a move to try to kill anyone where all just standing there frozen wondering what's going on. The mutts move us together until there close enough to hold hands and have us all in a tight circle. All of the sudden the mutts just vanish into thin air and it only takes a second for all the tributes to get moving again. Everything around me was a blur as everyone started moving. It was like the blood bath all over again except this time with weapons. This is only the second day! I think to myself. I have never seen this in games before and have never heard of it either! This is just great. I have my bow and arrow out but I don't know what good that's going to do me. Everyone around me is fighting. I slowly try to back away from the fight without getting noticed. But I doubt that that will work with 18 kids all in the same place watching. I see one of the younger girls trying to do the same thing that I am... no one has noticed me yet but that's only because everyone else is busy fighting someone else but that could change in a second if someone gets taken down. The little girl is almost to the edge of the forest. I'm almost back to the forests too; I'm just a step behind her. I'm a step away when I hear this bomb like a firework is going off and I look over to see that the little girl is frozen and not moving. I stop instantly in my tracks. The game makers must have put something around the edge of the forest so that we would be forced to fight each other and to make sure we couldn't get away. I'm not the only one that has notices and stopped fighting to look over. The girl is standing there paralyzed and can't move. It must be what they use on us when they insert the tracking chip! I think. Just then I see a knife flying and it hits the girl right in the chest and I know that she's dead now. She falls like the change has been released. I think that now