A/N: This story was some kind of a prompt given to me by Vika (highonbooks). It was also written with her help in several aspects of the world-building, plot and motivation. The Original Character presented here was created by Thams (eyesofeagle, on tumblr) and he was used by both of us in a HP role play of ours... Feliks, therefore, grew as a character with the help of all of the RP crew (Thams, Vika, Cella/otomriddle/voldybadass and I). So, this story is dedicated to Vika, who pushed me to write it, and to Thams, who 3 years ago created the best OC we could have to work with. As I'm brazilian and our forensic science departments are way too different from the UK's (aka no one takes our forensic science department seriously), I tried my best to write something that is correct based on researches I did. This is a work of fiction, written with the intent of having fun and making those who read it have fun too, so I'm sorry if something is too different from reality in regards to the forensic and pathology field in the UK during the 1940s. I hope you guys enjoy it. I, as someone who loves to play with the HP universe, had a lot of fun writing this story. Any character or concept you may recognize from the canon HP stories belong to JK Rowling. 01 July the 14th, 1943 . . The police's report was as confusing as it could be. A couple and their adult son had been found dead inside their house on that morning and no one in East Yorkshire had thought they were experienced enough to perform the autopsy on the bodies. To Dr Feliks Ravenwood, it was a silly excuse not to do their work, but he also knew, from the report, that the case had already raised too much speculation and rumours around the neighbouring cities and villages. Given the context, summoning a professional from the capital was a good move to show people that the police were trying hard to get that odd situation sorted out in the best way possible. And now, after receiving a telegram earlier that day telling him to get on the first train he could find, Feliks had finally arrived at Beverly (as that was where the bodies had been taken) only to find its coroner's office full of policemen trying to deal with the journalists (most of them from small county tabloids that couldn't stand publishing stuff related to the war anymore) who wanted to know more about the Riddle case. "Dr Ravenwood?" a middle-aged man with a thick moustache approached him as soon as Feliks squeezed through the journalists. "Glad to see you. I'm Dr David Collins, I've asked the Chief Inspector to ask you for help." Collins pushed the man across the office's hall until they crossed a door and entered an empty corridor. "Have they told you anything about what happened?" "Just the basic: three people found dead inside their house in a small village in East Yorkshire with no apparent manner of death," said Feliks, looking around before following the other man into a small office. "I imagine Chief Linwood didn't give you any more details because he wanted you to come as soon as possible." David laughed, before handing him a file brimmed with typed pages and a few photographs. "Earlier today, around 6:30 AM, a maid named Margareth Norton arrived at the house of the Riddle family, in Little Hangleton, to find three dead bodies in the drawing room. The bodies belonged to Thomas Christopher Riddle, 63 years old, Mary Elizabeth Riddle, 60, and Thomas Felix Riddle, 38. The three of them were healthy and until now, from what our team has analysed, there was no evidence of violence towards them. The house was intact, there was nothing out of place inside the drawing room, the doors of the house had not been forced open and the state of the bodies was perfect. It's as if the three of them dropped dead all of sudden, for no reason at all." Feliks looked through the photos inside the file. Three of them showed the Riddle family: a woman with dark hair speckled with white and a delicate face, a stern man with greying hair and a younger man with a handsome, yet tired face. The other photographs had been taken earlier that day and showed a richly decorated drawing room with three bodies lying on its floor. One of the bodies, that of the woman, was lying on its back in the space between the sofa and the grand piano; the one that belonged to the older man was right in front of an armchair, by the fireplace, lying on its front; and the last one, the younger of the Riddles, was on its back, a few feet away from the door, with its face slightly tilted to the opposite side of the room, as if the corpse had been trying to avoid looking to the other bodies. The rest of the room had no sight, at least from the photos, of a fight or anything like that. "What else do we know about them?" "Well, they were rich people. The family owns several houses and apartments throughout England, they lived out of renting their properties. There were no other relatives," Collins explained and then sighed. "You see, the people in Little Hangleton said they were odd people… Well, actually they said they were rude and that not many people liked them in the village. But 'odd' was a description many people gave of them." "Odd in what way exactly?" asked Feliks, arching an eyebrow as he looked up from the papers. "As you'll see in the reports, the villagers tell of a rather weird story regarding the son, Tom Riddle. They say the man once ran away with a local girl and vanished for almost a year," said David, scratching the back of his head. "When he came back, people say he had gone mad: he kept talking about being bewitched by the said girl, he became afraid of leaving the house and, by the end of 1926, he had attempted suicide. He was institutionalized for a few weeks before Mr and Mrs Riddle managed to take him home again." The man shrugged. "Apparently his grandfather, a certain Gregory Riddle from Great Hangleton, went down the same way. People in the village say it's in the family." "And is the police suspecting he might have done something and taken his parents with him?" asked Feliks, pushing his glasses up his nose. "Yes and no… Apparently the lad had gotten better over the past few years. He was still a bit scared of several things, but it's been seventeen years since it happened and there's no recent medical reports of him having suicide ideation or attempts," he explained. "The main suspect is their gardener, a young man called Frank Khaled Bryce, Lieutenant of the 5th Infantry Division, honorably discharged after being wounded. The Riddles employed him after he came back from the war with an injured leg and a bad temper. The cook and the maid said he was the only other person who had the keys to the house." "And why would the gardener kill them? Is he, I don't knowdinnae ken, mentioned on the Riddle's will or something?" "He is but he would make more money working for them rather than inheriting what Mr Riddle would leave him." "Then why?" "Maybe he went mad? They say he's a strange lad, Frank Bryce. That he's reclusive and rude, afraid of loud noises and easily irritated by the kids when they try to poke fun at him. He's basically an old man in the body of a 26-year-old." "Weren't Wasn't Tom Riddle the reclusive rude man that was scared of everything?" asked Ravenwood, raising arching a brown eyebrow. "Well, he was too… Maybe it was a pattern followed by the men in that house?" said Collins, letting out a nervous laugh. Feliks laughed, shaking his head while he closed the file, taking care for none of the papers and photos in it to slip out. When he looked at Collins again, the man watched him closely and expectantly. "Could I… Start the necropsies tomorrow?" asked Ravenwood. "It's a bit late and the day was a little exhausting with the travel." "Oh, of course." David took a step back and let his shoulders slump a little, looking a little disappointed now. "I believe there's an inn a few blocks from here. Tell them you're here working with me, I bet they'll make a better price for a room." Feliks almost felt bad for how disappointed the man had looked. Everyone was expecting an answer for the deaths of the Riddle family, but what could he do? After he received the telegram, Ravenwood had to finish identifying a dead body found in an abandoned house that had been bombed two years earlier, and then there was the hours inside the train until he arrived at Beverley… He was tired, even though he was curious about the Riddles. But he knew there was no chance he would do a good job if he opened them up right now, while his body begged for a good meal and a bed. The inn – The Hermit Inn – was not the most luxurious one, but it was one of the cheapest, according to its owner, who served Feliks his dinner all the while talking about how his grandparents had built that house and how it had been the family business ever since. It was not bad, but the bed creaked every time he turned in it and the chat of drunken men could be heard by his window until around one in the morning. But all of this didn't really bother Ravenwood: his mind had been too focused on the Riddles while he read the reports and analysed the photographs and,photographs. Oonce he put all of it it down, his head was too clouded to register anything but the slight smell of mould that emanated from the pillow. In the beginning of the morning, Tom Riddle was a stiff body on the top of the morgue's slab. His blue eyes were cloudy and looking more sunken into his skull than when he was alive. His dark brown hair was damp, its curls looking undone and messy, with a thin layer of what looked like ice on its strands and on his eyebrows and eyelashes. His pale skin looked greyer more grey and the sparse freckles on his nose seemed to stand out on the dull colour, while his lips looked bluish. The man was tall and lean and now his chest, ridden of all the air that had once filled his lungs, seemed to sink in, making it look like as if it was completely empty. From the photos, Tom Riddle seemed to be a handsome man in his late thirties, but now he was just a stiff body whose death made itself more and more present with each minute that passed. By the end of the morning, Tom Riddle was still a dead body with rigor mortis making its muscle lock into place, but now with its chest and abdomen emptied of its contents after being opened by Dr Ravenwood and, later, closed once again with a suture that now formed a Y shape on his body. His skull had also been pried open, his brain looked at and weighted before putting the skullcap on its place once again and having the scalp stitched close. After the whole process (opening, empting, closing, washing), all Feliks Ravenwood could think about was how every single organ of the man was in perfect shape. His heart was the right size with its arteries clear of any fat plaque, his brain had no atrophy and no bleeding, his liver was