Tuesday 1 June 98 Dear Hermione, I've never really known what to write in a letter. I've never been very good at it. I guess I could tell you about my day. Harry and Ginny wanted to know all about Australia. I told them about the Wet Tropics and the giant spider and the koala I wanted to steal. I didn't tell them about Hugo yet. I'm not sure why, but I feel like they wouldn't understand. We went out and had a proper fly after dinner. It was nice to be back up on a broom. I still wish I'd brought mine to Australia. It would have been wicked to fly over the Nullarbor, don't you think? I hope your parents are doing well their first night back. Tell them I say hello. Mum won't shut up about having them over for dinner. I hope you can come over for dinner soon. It's only been one day since I last saw you, but I miss you. Love, Ron Wednesday 3 June 98 Dear Hermione, Mum and dad let me borrow Erroll. Let me know if he makes it there before Pig. I think sometimes he gets distracted. I forgot to tell you in my last letter that you left some clothes here. I'm sure they're not anything you want because it's all the stuff you wore a million times this year, but mum wanted me to tell you. Are your mum and dad settling back in? Have they talked to Hugo at all? I told George about him today. He reckons I should have stayed in Perth and Hugo should have come back with you and your folks. I kind of miss him, but not nearly as much as I miss you. When do you think you can come visit? Love, Ron Thursday 4 June 98 Dear Hermione I can't believe Pig still hasn't made it back. I borrowed Hermes today from Percy. He wasn't too pleased. He asked me about my five-year plan today after I told him I'm not going back to Hogwarts. He asked about your five year plan too and dropped a lot of hints about how great the Ministry is. I think he wants you to come work in his department. It's actually been fun having him home. George and I got him on a broom yesterday after supper. He's as rubbish a flier as he was when he was at Hogwarts. How are your parents? Are Pig and Erroll okay? I told them to fly as fast as they could. Ginny says I'm a twat for writing you every day, but I think about you every day. I miss you so much. Hope that doesn't make me sound like an even bigger twat. Love, Ron Friday 5 June 98 Dear Hermione, Harry told me Kingsley wants the two of us to come and help the Auror Department get the last Death Eaters. He said they want you too, but I told him you have more important things to do this summer. I worked with dad in the garage a bit and even helped mum make supper if you can believe it. We got Percy to play Quidditch with us again. We played Harry and Ginny and got destroyed, but it was great fun. My family is angry at me that I've used all the family owls to write you and none have returned. I thought you said it should only take a day to fly? I hope you and your family are okay. If I don't hear from you tomorrow I think I'll come by just to make sure. Miss you. Love, Ron Saturday 6 June 1998 Dear Hermione, Got your letters today! I wish owl post was faster too. Percy says I can't use Hermes anymore unless it's an emergency because he needs him for work. I didn't tell Pig and Erroll to fly that fast. At least not so fast they needed four days to recover. Maybe if you send me your telephone number dad and I can fix a telephone to call you. I know he has a telephone out in his garage. I go to his garage almost everyday and can't wait to show you some of the Muggle stuff I've learned. Yesterday we took apart a Muggle music player. I was telling him all about how electricity works and about the electric wands that control the telly. That was nice of you to make dinner for your parents. I actually helped mum with dinner last night too. I can't wait to see you tomorrow. I'm glad your mum and dad are letting you come visit. I REALLY miss you. Love, Ron Sunday 7 June 98 Dear Hermione, You just left and I'm already writing you. I'm sorry we didn't get much privacy. I liked having everybody home, I just wish it wasn't on the day you came to visit. Next time try not to come on a Sunday. That's when everybody comes home. My brothers all took the mickey after you left. Ginny was the worst. I can't believe that was the first time I've kissed you in a week. Hope it's not a week before I get to do it again. Love, Ron Tuesday 9 June 98 Dear Hermione, Did you know I think I've written you more in the last week than I've ever written to anyone in my whole life? Not a lot going on at the Burrow. Percy said today he is going to stay at the Burrow until the end of the month. I know mum likes having him home. She's going into Diagon Alley tomorrow. Dad says it'll be her first time back since last year. She asked me to come too, but I think I'll just stay here. I wish you could come over tomorrow. I think Harry and Ginny are going into town so we would have the house to ourselves. I miss you. Love, Ron Wednesday 10 June 98 Dear Hermione, Harry and Ginny actually ended up going into London with mum today. I think he's really thinking about taking Kingsley up on his offer. Apparently, there are only like three Aurors left in the department now that Kingsley is Minister. I guess a lot of the names we didn't recognise who died last month were Aurors. Not really a strong selling point for the job, if you ask me. Anyway, Harry said he doesn't think he even has to go to training or anything, which is crazy because don't you remember Tonks saying Auror training was like three years long? I swear it was three years. Anyway, he hasn't said much about it to me, but I know he wants me to go with him. I had a lie in today until noon just because I could and it was great. It would have been better with you though. When do you think you can come over again? I promise I won't let my family get in the way this time. I've got a plan. I miss you. Love, Ron Thursday 11 June 98 Dear Hermione, I can't believe it's only been twelve days since we got back from Australia. I was telling Harry yesterday about the Ministry office in Brisbane at the horse track. Ginny was jealous I got to meet Dathan Wisecarver and that I have his address. I can't believe it was only a month ago. It feels like forever, doesn't it? It seems dumb to send this letter since I just saw you. I'm so glad you came to visit. I know your mum and dad need you, but I still miss you every morning when I wake up and you're not there. I didn't tell you this, but you're the first thing I think about when I wake up most mornings. Harry says he still wakes up some mornings thinking about Hallows and Horcruxes. How are you sleeping? I miss you when I go to sleep sometimes. Okay, all the time. Love, Ron Friday 12 June 1998 Dear Hermione Are you getting the Prophet delivered? I guess Slughorn and all the Slytherins that came back to fight last month have been in hiding since Nott was killed. They're still saying everybody who fought on the winning side in the Battle should be careful. We put our wards back up. Hopefully, you haven't taken yours down. If you did put them back up. I went to visit Fred today with George. He told me he's not sure if he'll open the shop back up. I said if he ever did that I would help. I really wish you were here. I can't believe it's only June and that it's only been ten days. Hope your parents are still doing good. I told Percy this was an important letter so he let me send Hermes. Write back as soon as you get it. I think Hermes can make the trip in a day. I miss you. Love, Ron PS - I found out the Malfoys are in protective custody and it makes me sick Friday 13 June 98 Dear Hermione, I got your letter and I reckon it's kind of silly to write you when I'll see you tomorrow and can just talk to you, but it's raining outside and I'm bored. Is it strange that I like being bored? I like having nothing to do. I can't remember the last time I had nothing to worry about. Are you enjoying doing nothing too? I wish you were here and I could do nothing with you. Everything is better with you. I miss you. Love, Ron Monday 15 June 98 Dear Hermione, Sorry we didn't get any real privacy again yesterday. I still think my plan would have worked if you'd just gone along with it. Charlie and Bill came home for Sunday dinner again today. They told me to tell you hello. They also told me I'm a numpty for not taking Kingsley up on this offer considering how difficult I guess it is to be selected for Auror training, nevertheless make it through. I honestly don't understand why the Ministry would take me without all that training. Percy said you're supposed to have at least five N.E.W.T.S and we both know I wouldn't have gotten those (one of them had to be in Potions!). Mum and dad keep rereading the letter he sent, but they haven't asked much about it. I helped mum with dinner again tonight. I think I kind of like cooking. It reminds me of Potions, except it's fun and you can eat what you mix together without turning yourself into a cat (remember that?). I bet you're counting down the days 'til you get your book list for Hogwarts. I can't believe it's not even July yet. I can't believe I have to wait a week to see you again. Is there any way you can come visit before? I know your parents would let you if you just asked. Dad says I can't Apparate until I pass an official Ministry test. I told him I'd been Apparating all year, but apparently I still have to take the stupid test. I guess Kingsley can't change how stupid the Ministry is overnight. Miss you. Love, Ron Monday 15 June 98 Dear Hermione, I wrote Hugo today. I was thinking about him and all the weird jobs he said he had. Everyone except George is pressuring me to go with Harry to talk to Kingsley, but no one says anything to George about moving out or opening the shop back up. I wish they'd leave me alone too. Have your parents talked to Hugo at all? Do you think we'll ever see him again. George said something the other day that reminded me of him. Don't you think they would get on? Sometimes I think I want to go with Harry. The Ministry finally admitted they still haven't found Nott's murderer