Author's Note: I'm warning you all now; the first third of this story is edited, but the last two parts are not. In fact, those parts are even giant, GIANT walls of text (this is because in the crummy word program that I have, that's the only way I can ever guesstimate how much I've written, and then I separate everything into paragraphs when editing). Normally, I wouldn't post a story like this for the life of me. In fact, I'm VERY much embarrassed to do so now. But with everything that's been happening to me lately (my dad dying of cancer, my grandma being in the hospital for a number of reasons, and having just gotten laid off from my job today, to name a few…), I just don't have the time to edit this beast. Hopefully I'll be able to in the future, but right now… I just can't. And that's sad, because otherwise this story could have been my Magnum opus, but alas. This oneshot is based on the AMAZING anime "Puella Magi Madoka Magica" (something that I highly, HIGHLY recommend anyone watching who hasn't yet), because I started comparing the characters in that to the Twilight ones. LOL. BUT I also did this because I get fed up with everyone (even the fandom at times) putting Bella down. So I wrote this to push her, and to show how truly gratifying she can be as a character for her selflessness and heroism: maybe even for people who don't normally like Twilight and/or her character. I also tried to address other things here, like making Edward/Bella a BIT more functional then they are in canon, and having Jacob and Bella having a more platonic friendship after Eclipse. So, yeah. I guess you could call this a Breaking Dawn AU, then? With all of this said, I hope you all enjoy this story:) And I may, when I get the chance, come back and heavily edit this later, so that there's a bit more Edward, maybe, and so that the ending might be clear for people who probably haven't seen Madoka (even though I don't think the plot is THAT important—or needs to be understood—as much as the general idea of what's happening, and the character development are), but we'll see=) Welp, enjoy! -Shanna P.S. Sorry for any mistakes (that not proofreading part of this story inevitably caused). :( The Charm Bracelet: Red Ribbon of Fate As she looked back on it all now, Bella knew she never would have been able to guess what her life would end up as. She'd thought her future was set—that she'd ride off into the night with Edward and that they'd have many blissful years together. And though Bella was so proud of herself and happy about what she'd been able to do… Edward, for the time being, wouldn't be able to be near her, she knew. She didn't despair, though. Instead, the Swan girl held onto hope; she knew that she'd see him again and that everything she'd done would be worth it. After all, when given the chance to save all of her loved ones or to watch them die horribly, she knew what she'd choose every time. … "Bella!" Alice exclaimed in a singsong voice, speeding down the steps of the Cullen home and picking up Bella, before she could get a word in or protest in the slightest. Taking Alice's odd embrace like a soldier, Bella tried to figure out just what Alice must have seen that would have her in such a thrilled mood. Edward had once told her that Alice lived in her own time and universe, Bella remembered, and whenever moments like this transpired… it wasn't hard to see why he'd come to that assessment. "Alice…" Bella said as pleasantly as she could muster, for she felt like her spine was about to be broken by the other girl. Edward, as if sensing his love's predicament, was quick to come spilling into the room from where he'd been in the kitchen. And though he gave his sister a warning look and growl, he did nothing to help Bella get away from the much too hyper pixie. Promising herself that she was going to have words with him later, Bella finally wiggled herself out of her sister's grasp, and looked at her incredulously for a moment, before demanding: "Just what was that about? I mean, I love you as much as the next girl, Alice—enough to even let you plan my wedding, against my better judgment—but you could go a bit easier on the people who aren't immortal, you know?" "Sorry about that, Bella," Edward tried to reassure his fiancée as he laughed. Glaring at him—as she remembered well how she'd strictly told Edward not to laugh at her, back when she'd been trying to figure out what he was—the soon to be Newborn fought the urge to tell Edward that he was just as annoying as his favorite sister, and instead regretfully let him take her hand in his… Okay, maybe not so regretfully, she allowed. The moment that Edward's skin made contact with hers, she remembered exactly why it was that she loved him so. And as if sensing that, Edward smiled. "She's just really happy to learn what your ability's going to be as a Newborn. And even I have to admit that I've never seen anything like it before; it's impressive, what Alice just showed me, actually. But then you've always been impressive, and so I knew that that was something you'd always carry with you into this life." In some ways, it was all too much. A good too much, of course, but as Bella had just gotten over her feelings for Jacob—and had given up the life she could have had with him, but had known she'd never choose—sometimes it was still jarring to remember that she was once again the vampire girl, instead of the wolf girl… Sometimes it was even hard to believe that she'd been fortunate enough to have Edward come back to her at all, but it really wasn't the time for those types of thoughts, Bella knew. Jumping up and down where she stood, and then being quick to wrap Edward's arms around her, Bella turned first to Alice for confirmation and then back to Edward, before she said cheerfully, "Wait… Alice has seen what I'm going to be like as a vampire? And even you're impressed by it, Edward?! That's awesome! I always wanted to be able to help protect our family, too, and to now here that I can… it's a dream come true, Edward. Now can't you see that it really is a fairytale you live in, instead of a horror?" In the back of her mind, Bella knew that there was a chance that she was pushing too much; that she might be saying something that would remind Edward of why he didn't want her to be immortal and therefore spoil the happy mood they'd found themselves in. But at the same time, Bella found she wouldn't have been able to stop the words coming out of her mouth, even if she had tried. It was just… so nice to be thinking about positive things, for a change, and to remember what good her future life would bring about, rather than things like Bree's death, that she knew Edward was still thinking about. And if the look on her soul mate's face was any indication, Bella thought that Edward must have been feeling the exact same way about it all as she was. He smiled her favorite crooked smile—that instantly had Bella's heart beating in a fast rhythm—as he looked down at her. He wasn't completely happy, Bella knew; his grin hadn't broken out to overrun the entirety of his face, after all, but it was still the happiest that Bella had ever seen Edward when it came to the idea of her becoming like him. Perhaps because Alice's vision had given him a semblance of hope that things would work out for them? she wondered. Whatever the case, Bella knew without a doubt that the mood that Edward had found himself in definitely needed to be celebrated. "Yep. You're exactly right, Bella," Alice chimed in, before weaving her way around the happy couple to go sit on the couch where Emmett was playing the X-box. If she looked closely enough, Bella thought that she could see the other Cullen trying to listen in on their conversation, but he was probably trying to hide it, so that he wouldn't set Edward off again. Not for the first time, Bella found that she was so very glad that her fiancé couldn't read her mind; she couldn't even imagine what it must have been like for everyone else, who tried to respect him outwardly and inwardly. Her attention returning to Alice, Bella quickly noted that Jasper had come down to lounge about on the couch, too. Idly, she wondered why Jasper hadn't been with his mate to begin with, but the moment that Alice began speaking, she understood why it was this moment out of all of them that he'd chosen to join her. Oh… he was worried about how difficult she'd be to handle as a Newborn, wasn't he? And now that Alice was getting into the nitty-gritty of it all, the former soldier wanted to form a contingency plan, in case things went sour… Which was completely understandable, of course. Bella wanted Edward and her future family to keep her from hurting any human as much as they could, but it still hurt to know how little Jasper thought of her control… And it sucked to give Edward another reason to not want her to turn, when he'd been being so good about it all today. Bella sighed. "You see, Bella, I think you're going to have a very strong shielding ability. Mental, if I'm seeing it correctly, whereas Renata of the Volturi's is strictly physical. I can't say for sure, because some decisions still need to be made, but I think your gift is going to be much more powerful than hers. Much more powerful than a lot of gifts that we've seen, which will be a great help, since I can see you extending it to the rest of us… But I see it also being a hindrance," Alice said the last reluctantly, with a sad smile on her face, that even Jasper's calming hand on her shoulder couldn't help alleviate. Her eyes darting every which way, as she tried best to see everything that was happening in the future, Alice continued on in a trance like voice, "The Volturi… they'll want to use your power, Bella. And they'll do anything to get their hands on it. This isn't good… this isn't good at all." Neither was Emmett breaking the controller that had just been in his hand, as he took in everything that Alice had just said, Bella thought mildly. She knew that it was stupid to focus on something as trivial and inconsequential as that, but—perhaps through human weakness—Bella found that she couldn't focus on the bigger picture at all at the moment. It gave her too much whiplash and pain, and she knew if she thought about it all at the moment, she was going to faint again, and she really didn't want to have to put Edward through such a thing again. She put him through enough as it was, and she knew he—and the rest of the Cullens, who had now gathered around her—were probably taking the news harder than she was. "Alice," Edward cut in urgently; his voice deliberately careful and calm, since Bella knew he no doubt still hated himself for snapping at Alice the last time she'd been in danger. But this time… she wasn't the one in danger, but instead her loved ones that the Volturi would try and