A/N: A short story based off the song, 'Teenage Dirt-Bag' by Wheatus. The song was one the songs that I think of as a 'theme song of my high school days'. The song won't be sung out in any love-lorn ballad, rather there will little phrases cut out from the song placed here and there. For those unfamiliar with the song I placed the lyrics directly below in italics. Please feel free to skip over this to the story if you so wish. I hope you enjoy the story. I own nothing by way of rights to Hunger Games or the song Teenage Dirt-Bag. Her name is Noel I have a dream about her She rings my bell I got gym class in half an hour Oh, how she rocks In Keds and tube socks But she doesn't know who I am And she doesn't give a damn about me 'Cause I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby Yeah, I'm just a teenage dirtbag baby Listen to Iron Maiden maybe with me Her boyfriend's a dick And he brings a gun to school And he'd simply kick My ass if he knew the truth He lives on my block And he drives an IROC But he doesn't know who I am And he doesn't give a damn about me 'Cause I'm just a teenage dirtbag, baby Yeah, I'm just a teenage dirtbag, baby Listen to Iron Maiden maybe with me Oh, yeah, dirtbag, no, she doesn't know what she's missin' Oh, yeah, dirtbag, no, she doesn't know what she's missin' Man, I feel like mold It's prom night and I am lonely Low and behold She's walking over to me This must be fake My lip starts to shake How does she know who I am? And why does she give a damn about me I've got two tickets to Iron Maiden, baby Come with me Friday, don't say "maybe" I'm just a teenage dirtbag, baby, like you Oh, yeah, dirtbag, no, she doesn't know what she's missin' Oh, yeah, dirtbag, no, she doesn't know what she's missin' "Think of it as a fresh start, Katniss," Her Mother said with a strained smile, "You can become a whole new person." The daughter didn't respond. Her step-father had gotten a new job in a new city and they were moving, she was leaving all her old friends behind. "We can go shopping at the best stores and pick you out a whole new wardrobe, won't that be fun?" Katniss still didn't respond, she had heard this before, the new job was in a bigger city and at a much bigger hospital than what her step-father had been at previously, this, as her Mother had frequently reminded her, meant that he'd earn more. This did little to help the situation in reality because, as far as she was concerned, her step-father made more than enough money already, but her Mother kept bringing it up. " And ," her Mother started, the girl knew what was coming next, she'd heard her Mother's argument countless times in the past few weeks, "Don't forget what Seneca said, if you do well and get good grades you'll get to pick out a car for your birthday… which ever car you want, Katniss." Katniss looked over at her Mother and said in a monotone voice, "Whoopee." Her Mother let out a sigh, "Please, just try to do well, Prim looks up to you so… Just please try." Katniss's half-sister, Prim, was younger than her by nearly 8 years, and though Katniss had originally been furious with her Mother when she re-married so soon after her Father's death, Katniss had fallen in love with her new sister when she was born. Prim was now 9 years old and wanted to be just like Katniss, which Seneca, Prim's Father saw as a problem, because that's what he viewed his step-daughter as, a problem. She'd been caught with alcohol a few times, had gotten in trouble at school more than a few times and was hanging out with a bad crowd, 'dirt-bags' he would usually refer to them as. So when the opportunity presented itself to Seneca to move to a new and better job he saw it as the perfect solution, not only would he be making more money and making more of a name for himself, he would also be putting a few hundred miles between his step-daughter and her dirt-bag friends. Katniss's Mother stepped closer to her daughter and said in a low pleading tone, "Please, if you start acting out again, Seneca said that we'd have to send you to boarding school… I don't want you to have to leave and I know Prim doesn't either." Katniss has heard this once before, it was shortly after she had last gotten caught with a bottle of vodka that her Step-Father had made the threat, at the time she had viewed it as more of an empty threat but she could hear in her Mother's voice that she was worried about the reality of it. She didn't want to get shipped off and Prim would be devastated if she did have to go. "I'll try," Katniss said, mentally thinking that she only had to get through this year and the next, then she'd graduate and be able to get her own place and be able to do as she pleased. "Thank you," Her Mother said, relief plainly visible on her face, "Now, this weekend Dr. Cartwright and his family invited us over for dinner, he's the lead Neurologist at Panem Hospital and from what I understand a large contributor to the new Neurology wing that went up last year… He has a daughter that's in your grade…" She looks over at Katniss, waiting for a response. "Great," Katniss says, half-heartedly. Her Mother continues to talk about the Cartwright family and the other Neurologists at Panem Hospital. The night of the dinner, Seneca pulled his new expensive luxury car to the driveway of the large Georgian styled mansion. Katniss walked behind the rest of her family as they walked to the front door, she felt over-dressed, wearing a blue silk dress and strappy sandals, she had at least been able to resist getting her hair all done-up, her Mother had allowed her to wear a simple braid. The front door was opened by a smiling blonde who greeted them warmly, "Dr. Crane, so wonderful to see you again, and you must be Violet, delighted to meet you," The women said shaking their hands in turn, then she turned to Katniss and Prim. "Good to see you again as well, Mrs. Cartwright," Seneca said then motioned to the girls, "This is Primrose and Katniss." "Delighted to meet you two," Mrs. Cartwright said, "My daughter Delly is looking forward to meeting you, Katniss. She should be down soon, I think she's probably busy texting or something other," She said that last bit more to Violet and added with a laugh, "We can't seem to be able to separate her from her phone." Violet laughed as if she understood exactly the troubles Mrs. Cartwright seemed to have with her daughter, even though Katniss had never been one to be glued to her phone. A short balding man came into the foyer, "Seneca, great you could make it. Come on in and sit down… Can I get you a drink?" Drinks were poured for the adults from crystal bottles sitting on a small hutch, and Mrs. Cartwright handed Katniss and Prim a glass of lemonade. "Excuse me," Mrs. Cartwright said, "I'll go see what's keeping Delly." She went to leave the room but before she could a round-faced pretty girl with blonde hair bounced into the room, "I'm here, I'm here. Sorry," She gave a breezy apology to her Mother before coming over to Katniss and Prim, she stuck her hand out, "Hi, I'm Delly." Katniss introduced herself and Prim. Delly lead the two girls away from the parents and spent the time until dinner was ready talking about this and that, it was obvious that Delly was well trained in socializing and she very rarely needed a response from Katniss or Prim. The first day of school came and Katniss arrived dressed in an outfit picked out a sales associate in the department store and approved by her Mother, a fitted short-sleeved blouse with straight legged dark jeans with a sensible but fashionable pair of flats and properly accessorized with two long silver necklaces and a thin bracelet. She had seen Delly a few other times since their first meeting and she had been introduced to one of Delly's friends, a Cashmere Reynolds who went by Cassie. They had told her where to meet them on the first day and Katniss found the two of them near the front entrance along with a few of their other friends. Delly energetically greeted Katniss with a wave and was quick to introduce her to the rest of her friends, the group seemed to accept Katniss, some of them with an undertone of indifference. The group started to make their way to the junior hall where all the lockers for the junior class were, the conversations that passed around the girls varied from new clothes, to boys who had flirted with them, to vacations that they had taken over the summer holiday and the boys that flirted with them while they were there; each person acted immensely interested in whatever everyone else was saying while they waited (sometimes not too patiently) for their turn to gush or brag about themselves. It was only when Cassie said in a hushed tone, "Look there's Cato," That all the girls stopped talking and looked in the direction that Cassie had nodded towards. It was a crowd of guys, each one looked every bit the jock, and in the middle was Cato, he was in no way better looking than the others but was standing out more because of his cocky attitude and demeanor; and though they had appeared to have been absorbed with their own conversations, as soon as the group of girls that Katniss was with noticed them, the group of guys all turned their attentions to them. Cato stood from his post on the bench and walked over to the girls as they stood in the middle of the hall, his friends were quick to follow. "Hey," He said, raising his chin slightly in the universal 'cool-guy' greeting. The girls instantly greeted him and his friends and they stood for several minutes in the middle of the hall, purposefully pretending to be oblivious to the inconvenience this caused for the other students trying to navigate the hall. Before turning to leave, Cato, who had noticed Katniss right away but pretended not to, finally looked right at her, "Hey, I'm Cato." "Katniss," She said meeting his gaze. He noticed that, unlike the other girls, she didn't flutter her eyelashes or have a girlish flirty coo to her voice or manner as she held his gaze, which spiked his interest more than any flirty compliment or coquettish behavior could. He gave her a half smile and a slight nod, "See you around, Katniss." The guys turned, practically moving and probably thinking as one entity as they moved away from the girls. The girls instantly turned their attention to Katniss and started gushing about the extra attentions that she had received from Cato, while Katniss watched him walk away, noticing him shove two guys out of his way, one with dark red hair that was sticking out every which way and the other with blonde hair that hung over his forehead with a slight curl. After being shoved out of the group of jocks way, the blonde threw up his hands and told them to 'watch it', only to get another shove from one of Cato's friends. Him and his red haired friend rolled their eyes and continued on their