"And just before I hand the mike over to the not-so-talented Finnick Odair, here is a little jewel I found the other day. Take a seat, grab a glass, close your eyes and enjoy, I give you Mr Bob Dylan, the one and only, live on a little scene somewhere in Europe. Enjoy and don't forget me tomorrow. I am Peeta Mellark, your host from 6 to 9pm on WKSM. Good night, folks." With a flick of the wrist, the blond man signaled the technician to put on the old vinyl he had found in a thrift shop a few weeks ago. The scratching of the stylus on the old disk was unmistakable and before long, the recognizable notes of the intro started, spilling the song over waves across the country. A soft knock on the door brought Peeta out of his reverie. His friend and co-worker Finnick Odair entered the studio, a stack of papers in one hand, a steaming mug of tea in the other. The bronze haired man drank copious amounts of herbal tea during his segment, and was known to be an encyclopedia where music was concerned. Finnick prided himself for playing every kind of music during his set, from the classical pieces he liked most to the latest group he had discovered. And he always had tons of anecdotes to tell his growing audience. "Nice one, Peet." He grabbed his pair of headphones before making eye contact with the technician. "Cress, you hear me? We're all good then, you have the set list?" Finnick looked at the blonde girl on the other side of the glass who nodded. "Great. Good show! Yeah, thanks!" Taking his cue to leave, Peeta stretched his arms above his head, trying to relax his tired muscles. He was so intent during his three hours behind the mike, trying his best to convey his love for music to the listeners. "Yeah, Dylan's always good. How's Annie?" Annie was Finnick's longtime girlfriend, soon to be wife and mother of his children, whose morning sickness had been hard on her and Finnick's usually sunny disposition lately. "Better, thanks for asking. You going to Bonnaroo this year? Effie's asking so she can have the passes ready." "I think so, yes. I'll send her a mail tomorrow. Have a good one!" With a finger raised, the usual "silence" sign in the radio cabin, Finnick adjusted his headphones. "Thank you Peeta, nothing like a good old Bob to start an evening. It's 9pm, and here are the evening news, brought to you by the lovely Susan Paylor. I'll be right back". After a nod at Cressida, Finnick turned to Peeta again. "You going home? You okay?" "Na, not yet. Madge should be done packing her things, but just in case, I'll take the long road home. Who knows, I might find the next Mick Jagger in the subway?" Finnick chuckled. "Take care, bro. call if you need anything." "Will do. Thanks, Finn". Peeta grabbed his worn-out leather jacket from his chair, waved at Cressida who blew him a kiss, and quietly exited the room. The day had been rough and long, and he dreaded going back to his apartment. Madge must have left by now, out of the place they had shared for two years and on her way to California. They had parted on relatively good terms, her moving on the other side of the country ending a relationship that was slowly but surely falling apart. They had grown up in the same small town in the suburbs of Saint Paul, attending the same school, their parents in the same social circles. They were expected to end up together at some point, and they did, following their parents' wishes. As good as it had felt for Peeta to be Madge's boyfriend, there was a little part of him, buried deep down inside that knew something was wrong, that insisted love was something more profound, more breathtaking, more vivid than what he had shared with Madge. And some time along the way of their five-year relationship, he had begun believing this voice. And now here he was, Peeta James Mellark, 24 years old, the host of one of the most listened segments on one of the top radio stations in the country, living entirely on his own for the first time in years. What he really dreaded was coming back to an empty apartment. When Madge was still there, even though they didn't share a bed anymore, there was a presence. A lingering smell in the living-room, from her favorite French perfume. A purse on the entry table, filled with useless tokens, flowers here and there, and two toothbrushes in the bathroom. But this was over. Madge was on her way to a big company in Silicon Valley, to head their communications team. And he knew she would rock it. He told her so yesterday as they shared their last meal. Peeta sighed, zipping up his leather jacket as the cold became more pronounced. He knew he had to go back at some point, but this didn't mean he couldn't enjoy a Sam Adams first, right? Abernathy's was just the place he wanted to go to. He hailed a cab and jogged quickly into the warmth of the car. The tavern was the right place to go to forget about his pathetic personal life, about the roads not taken some years ago, or what his future was looking like. Tonight was all about forgetting, and not thinking. "Long time no see, kid. How're things' doing?" Haymitch Abernathy, the pub's owner stood before him, on the other side of the bar. "Hanging on, Haymitch. Nothing new". "Well, three Sams tell me otherwise." The older man might have looked like a drunk with his greasy blond hair and perpetually red face, but he was much more aware of what was going on around him than most people thought. Peeta poured the remnants of his third – and last – beer in his glass before holding it in front of Haymitch. "To celibacy" he toasted almost whispering. But it was just loud enough for the bartender to hear it. Haymitch took his own glass and poured himself a bit of beer, before toasting back. "To new perspectives, new interests, new loves." Both men took a sip of their drinks. "Well, I don't have a remedy for broken hearts, kiddo. But at least you'll enjoy some good music tonight. It's Katniss last gig, and I think you'll enjoy it." The problem was, Peeta wasn't even sure his heart was broken. He was sad, sure, but it was more about the fact of being alone in his apartment rather than not being with Madge. If that made any sense. "Katniss? What is it?" He was sure he hadn't heard that band's name before, and just hoped it wasn't one of these garage-turned-boy-band crap. "Don't worry. She's good. She covers the oldies but goodies, and has some songs of her own." Peeta measured his options. Going back to his empty place, or staying in the warmth of the tavern, nursing his now-filled … of onion rings, and take a chance at listening to good music. Music would always win. "When does she start?" he asked, checking his watch. " In about five minutes. Jo's checking on her." Peeta nodded, and readied himself to listen to a few songs. He could always leave if he wasn't interested, and go back home, put a record on and start this new painting he had in mind. He stayed throughout her whole gig. There was something that drew his gaze to her as soon as she reached the scene, an old guitar in hand. True, she was beautiful, but not the kind of obvious beauty that belonged to a supermodel. Nothing felt artificial or wrong about her. Her beauty was in everything she was – from her dark hair, braided on the side of her neck, to her slender hands, lightly plucking the strings of her instrument. But what mesmerized Peeta was the purity of Katniss Everdeen's voice, immediately silencing the patrons in the bar who paused mid chatter to look at her. And then he saw the bright grey pupils that were her eyes. He was pretty sure he could get lost for a lifetime in them, and never be bored, never care about looking at another pair. She covered some standards he liked, and a few songs that he didn't recognize which he guessed were her own. She was pouring her heart into each and every piece she sang, taking the whole audience on a journey with her. He felt her melancholy when she covered "Blowin' in the wind", heard the hope in her voice with "Bridge over Troubled Waters". She finished her set with what Peeta thought was a song of her own, a song about the meadow and flowers that gave him a twinge of sadness and took him back to his childhood. "Thank you! That's all for tonight guys, well, actually, that's all for now – maybe I will come back some day…" The crowd both clapped and whistled at her, urging her to stay a while longer, as if afraid to break the magic too soon. "She's good, right?" Peeta jumped as Haymitch talked in his ear, having not realized the man had come nearby. He didn't take his eyes off the young blushing woman on the stage, trying to escape the crowd cheering her. "She's something…" "Too bad she won't be singing a lot anymore." "What do you mean?" Stunned, Peeta turned to the old man, not believing his ears. How could this beautiful singer with an amazing voice stop her music? "Well, everybody's got rent to pay, and groceries to buy. She found a job in another city that pays in dollars instead of applauses, and she'll be starting on Monday." "You'll invite her to sing again, right?" "Sure. Why?" "Would you mind letting me know when it happens?" Peeta grabbed the pen and notebook in Haymitch's hand, and carefully wrote his number on a new page. "Call me. I want to hear her again." "Her voice is something, right?" "Mesmerizing." A recognizable chord tore Peeta's ears away from the old man, and he turned to see Katniss, back on her stool, focusing on her instrument, as the notes sounded in the quiet-again tavern. He wondered briefly if such a young woman would make him forget the other versions of this song. Her voice softly started by humming along to the music, and then she began to sing. "How are you tonight, Peeta? Looking forward to the week end?" "I'm good Cress. Mind if I take my laptop in?" "Na, it's all good, don't worry. Took notes? Or are you stuck on a difficult level in Candy Crush?" Peeta chuckled. He had officially given up on the game ages ago, but would find himself playing every now and then. The thing was strangely addictive. "Nothing like that. Just need to check on something." He took his laptop out of his messenger bag, and quickly opened it. He had spent a good part of the day looking for videos of Katniss Everdeen and trying to find who she was. He had found two profiles of her on Facebook: a private one that he guessed was personal, and a fan page with about 75 likes. He had quickly subscribed to the latter, hoping to be kept updated with her concerts, if she was ever going to sing again. He had found some very bad quality videos on YouTube, taken no doubt with a phone that was at least three phone-generations old, but the voice still could be heard. "Peeta? You ready? In one minute, dear." "On it, Cressie." He quickly took his set list to look at the program he had established a few days ago, reviewing the songs, trying to put his mind at work instead of focusing on