Seven days. One hundred and sixty eight hours. She could do it. Right? Right. They would be done after they lost the Districtvision Song Contest. Tuesday May, 10th. 5 Days before the show. "Katniss, wake up! It's going to be a big, big, big day!" Effie Trinket, also known as Peeta and Katniss's unofficial nanny/personal assistant/chaperone/pain in the ass, woke her up that fateful Tuesday morning of the first Districtvision semi final. They didn't even have to perform that night, their district being one of the "Big Four" automatically allowed into the final of the song contest. But they both would have to be there, dress up, smile, chat with the journalists and pretend to be friends ("hint at more than friends if possible" their manager had repeated time and time again), and really, really enjoy themselves while watching other districts perform whatever stupid song they were given that year. That Tuesday morning though, Katniss really didn't want to get out of bed. The good thing in all this mess was the hotel room she was staying in, so comfortable she was really thinking of stealing the bed and quilts for her own little apartment in Panem where she lived with her mother and sister. That was really the plus of this arrangement, and she would take everything she could for her remaining time in the spotlight. She didn't want to face the same questions from the journalists, have to repeat the same answers, again and again. Yes, they've known each other for years, having come from the same small town of D12. Yes, they were friends, and not lovers, thank you very much. Of course friendship was possible between a man and a woman. Oh, they enjoyed talking and going to the movies, things like that. His favorite color was orange, no, not like a cone, rather like the sunset. Yes he knew hers is green. He takes his tea without sugar, whereas she has always been a coffee addict. Things like that, they rehearsed over and over again with their manager, perfecting their stories with enough real details to make it believable, even to their friends home. Because despite the image thrown in the papers, in the press and on TV, Peeta Mellark, former leader of the group "Rebels" and Katniss Everdeen, indie folk singer, were anything but friends. In fact, they were close to hating each other. But as Haymitch Abernathy, their mentor, had told them over and over again, "Districtvision is only a television show" in which they had to participate, to wear the colors of their district. Yay. "Katniss! You have to wake up! Breakfast will be served and Peeta is already waiting for you!" As if the thought of Peeta waiting for her would make her jump out of bed, dress up and get ready. If Katniss needed a motivation to stay exactly where she was, Effie's words were what was required. Alas, the bubbly chaperone wasn't in on the charade of the true nature of her relationship with Peeta, leaving Katniss with no choice but to actually pretend to be happy to see him. He had blue eyes she knew were real because he had the same in kindergarten, his blonde hair that always had this out-of-bed look girls drooled over, and his jaw fans were fainting over. Because, apparently, most women found Peeta Mellark attractive Whatever. She wasn't one of them. Reluctantly, she left the warmth of the quilt, the comfort of the pillow mumbling a version of "I'll be right there" to the door, loud enough to satisfy Effie, before going to shower. She would have to worry about what to wear later, and that was a problem she didn't want to think about. Because apparently, in the world of Districtvision, old jeans and a tank top weren't fashionable enough. To be completely honest, Katniss feared this day more than the show that would take place on Saturday. Singing, she knew she could do. But parading in a crazy uniform pretending to be happy with it, that wasn't on her talent palette. And yes, she saw last year's District 12 outfit - it seemed carved in aluminum, giving the band the strange look of robots, 50s style. With purple jackets. Having seen the rehearsals she knew some groups were terrible, clothing wise. District 47, from a country whose name she couldn't remember, musicians dressed in space blankets - yes, space blankets, under which was a horrible false-leather outfit that made them look like Xena, the Warrior Princess. She didn't want to think about the singers, him in a Count Dracula-like outfit, and the woman, clad in a two-sizes too small red and burgundy dress, showing cleavage down to her navel. It didn't make up for the horrible song and lack of rhythm of the presentation. She had to really bit her lip hard not to laugh. She might have noticed Peeta did the same. "Anyways" she sighed, exiting the bathroom, clad in her underwear. "What will His Highness the King of Pop have on today?" Somehow, Portia and Cinna, their designated stylists for this contest, had made both of them a complete wardrobe, fitted for all occasions, each outfit matching the other's. Like a team. Or something. She grabbed a pair of dark jeans (how rebellious of her) and an ivory blouse, knowing fully well that by the end of the day she would have been primped, complete with make-up and her braid done, clothed in whatever they had decided. Sighing heavily, she put on her sneakers and grabbed her jacket on her way out, because there was no way she was showing him more skin that he needed to see. Provided he needed to see any of her skin at all. She followed the yellow corridor to the little ensuite living-room where the three others waited for her before heading downstairs to the huge dining room where many of the contestants were with their entourage. "And here she comes!" their manager, said, hiding his flask in the inner pocket of his jacket. As if it was a secret that he was a drunk, mentoring one generation of singers after another - the last success of District 12 in the contest was back in 1976, eons ago. "We almost waited for you!" he added, obviously checking his watch. "Hey Katniss!" Peeta greeted her, cheery as always, even with his frozen smile on, the one he reserved for her only. "Well, well, well. I thought you would wear something more … feminine, Katniss dear!" Effie chimed in, having checked her from head to toe, clearly disapproving her look. "She doesn't need to dress up to be feminine, Effie." Wait? What? Katniss's brain went on overdrive at Peeta's words. Was he complimenting her? Until it clicked - this was part of the show, the charade they were playing even in front of Effie. She took a small breath, counted to five in her head - yes, she could be an adult - before giving her own fake smile to her partner. "Thank you, Peeta. I'm sorry I'm late, I wanted to get as much rest as possible." She didn't add that she wanted to stay away from him as long as possible, but work's work, right? Five more days until they could part, go on their merry ways, never to talk to the other again. Ever. "So now that Sweetheart's here, can we head down? Some of us are hungry!" Haymitch rose from the couch he was lying on, trying to straighten his wrinkled suit before heading straight to the door, closely followed by Effie, on her very high pink glittery heels. "How can she walk on those?" she heard Peeta ask as he watched her leave, never losing her balance on such precarious shoes. "I have no clue, I just hope they don't put me in that kind of thing Saturday." Katniss muttered under her breath, hoping she wasn't loud enough to be heard by him. "I won't let you fall, you know that?" She didn't know. "Why?" she asked, surprised. "Why what?" "Why wouldn't you let me fall?" "That's not what we do. We should protect each other. We're a team, right?" Peeta had turned to look at her, a question in his eyes. "Are we really? Aren't you here to restart your career?" "Is that what you think Katniss? That I'm only here to boost my career?" "Well, why else would you come?" "To help yours, maybe? Now, shall we?" He was now holding the door open for her, as she remained frozen, struck by his words. "Katniss, we have to go, or else they will start to wonder where we are." "You're really not doing this for you?" Katniss asked, not bothering to hide the disbelief in her voice. "You can ask Haymitch. I'm quitting show business when this is over." Peeta's voice was definitive. "Really?" What was he doing here, then? "My Swan Song?" He smirked. Yup she had said it out loud. "But why?" "There are things I'm better at than singing. I have enough money for a lifetime, now I want to do what I want," he answered simply. He looked at his watch before running his hand through his blonde hair. "Look, we can talk about it later today if you want? We have to go now, or Effie will go mad at how not on schedule we are…" Too many thoughts were in her mind right now for Katniss to be able to sort them all. She would need time and coffee to process all he had told her over the span of five minutes. "Right. Okay. Yeah. We'll do that." She was so articulate she thought, internally sighing, wondering sometimes how in hell she could actually write songs. She nodded, finally moving to join him on the doorstep of their ensuite, her mind still full of confused thoughts about what Peeta had just told her - only to feel his hand on the small of her back, like he almost always did when they walked side by side. Only this time, his hand wasn't as unwelcome. The day went by as any other one in the whirlwind of Districtvision. Phone interviews with radios stations at home, asking for their prediction on the upcoming semi-finals, who their biggest adversaries would be, when they would rehearse, how confident they were for the win. Apparently, their odds bookmaker-wise were more than good, the media displaying pictures of them together, photoshoots wisely organized by Effie and her team to show their friendship, all the while hinting at a bit more - the bit they kept on denying day after day, saying they were "just friends". As if. One question took Katniss by surprise, during the recording of a TV interview, when a crazy journalist asked them what their ringtones for each other were. How could she tell this guy she didn't even have Peeta's phone number without blowing their charade? But Peeta had an answer to everything, apparently, even to this question. "Oh, it's a stupid thing, really." She looked at him, question on her mind, eyes wide opened in surprise at his apparent answer, before being able to pull herself together, stealing a glance at the journalist who luckily was focused on Peeta. "We had a joke about this, telling ourselves we would find the craziest Districtvision music for each other. So Katniss's ringtone is The Penguin Song and I'm pretty sure I am the hard-rock music of 2007? Unless you changed it?" She could have kissed him right now, giving her the perfect answer. "Wouldn't you like to know?" She smiled, following his lead, but falling into the trap she opened herself. "Well, Peeta, maybe you could call Katniss, so we would know?" the journalist asked, jumping in. Damn him. Damn clever guys. "We can't, Claudius." Again, Peeta came to the rescue. "Effie took our phones!" "That's too bad!" "Right? But I'll tell you as