My deepest thanks to two amazing women, tanb and titania522 who did me the honor of betaing this story with their talent. thank you so much, ladies, you rock ! Dec.1 st . It all started on the first day of December. A rainy, grey, otherwise ordinary Tuesday, filled with too much caffeine, an uncooperative microscope, heels instead of boots, to finish with a headache that Katniss had to bear until the last hour of work. Otherwise known as a bad day. Katniss was pretty sure there was more to come, though, when she opened her mailbox. Surely a lost invoice of some kind, or the cancellation of her subscription to Science Magazine , or maybe more taxes to pay. She grabbed the papers, sorting through them carefully. Nothing seemed too bad or out of the ordinary, except for a large brown envelope with her name typed carefully on it. Just two words. Katniss Everdeen. Without any mistakes, which was really unusual. She carefully opened the lid of the envelope, wondering what kind of joke this was. There was no visible letter inside, no written note or anything. She took her courage, and looked in it, trying to find out who would be crazy enough to send her something empty until she spotted several shiny little sachets inside, all of different colours. She turned the envelope carefully to find out where it came from, while taking her keys out of her purse. There wasn't a sender's address even though the stamp showed it had been posted from somewhere in Panem, which was an absolutely useless clue, as the town now had over 250,000 inhabitants. As soon as she entered her small home, she tossed aside her keys and purse and began to take a better look at what was inside the envelope. The small sachets poured out onto the counter of her kitchen. She smiled when she saw them. Half a dozen perfume samples, so diverse in smell and color, from the ordinary eau de cologne she was wearing at the moment to a richer French eau de parfum. She never realized that these were the perfumes she had spoken about to her friends, when she said she wanted to try something else. Dec. 8 th . "Good morning, everyone!" Beetee Latier came into the large open space the teachers used as a cafeteria. Katniss waved back at her colleague, from her table on the far side of the room, focusing on the little bag she had in her hand. Another one. Every day since December 1st she had found something, either in her mailbox, on her desk at work once, on the mat in front of her door, or like yesterday, at her favorite coffee shop. The gifts ranged from tea bags and paperclips shaped like snowflakes to Apple Cider Spices and even a fortune cookie. All without any mention of who was sending them. She was picking up her usual coffee – black, no sugar, no cream - at Sae's like every other morning, taking out her usual note from her wallet when the old woman put her hand on hers. "Not today, girlie. It's already been paid." "What? Who paid?" "Somebody. I promised not to tell. Here, that's to go with it." Sae handed her a little brown paper bag. . She was now pretty sure it was someone she knew. It took her two days and her amazing detective skills to realize that the person knew her address, how to spell her name, and her habits. Which narrowed down the list of suspects to around twenty-two, her sister excluded. The question behind the Who, was … why did this person do all that? After all, it was common knowledge that Katniss Everdeen hated Christmas. Dec. 11 th "This has to stop now!" Katniss mumbled, seeing a large envelope carefully placed against the front door of her house, waiting for her patiently, it seemed. "Why doesn't he understand I hate Christmas!" She didn't know why, but it seemed to her her anonymous gifter was a man. Sure, the first gift had been perfumes samples, but so far, nothing had been too feminine. And it didn't look like the package this time contained make-up or anything too girly, really. It was flat, square and light, leaving Katniss with no clue of what to do with it. She didn't want to care about these gifts. She really didn't. However, she couldn't explain why she kept every single one of them, even the potted basil plant she found yesterday. The only explanation she had for keeping them was a habit, born in time of need, to not waste or throw anything away until it was used to the trim. Moreover, it would have been a waste not to eat the cheese bun she got from Peeta's bakery yesterday. Peeta! Something clicked in her mind. It must be him, sending her all of these gifts! He was such a Christmas lover, decorating the bakery as soon as Thanksgiving was over, with carols playing all day long, the staff wearing decorated red aprons instead of their usual orange ones. She grabbed her package, found her keys in her bag before reaching a car, settled down before turning to the direction of the bakery. This had to stop now. He wasn't wasting any more money on her and these stupid little gifts that she would never use. Well, she might have eaten the candies and cheese bun, but only because it was food, right? Right. As Katniss reached Peeta's bakery, which was only a few blocks away, she started listing every single gift she had received these last eleven days. She didn't want to forget a single one when she asked him for an explanation. The light was already fading in a beautiful sunset on the horizon, an assortment of oranges, reds and pinks scattered all over the sky. Katniss caught herself thinking Peeta would love it, even imagining him with his sketchbook, the way he always drew on whatever occasion the gang went out for a picnic or a meal. He always had a pen at hand, drawing the most beautiful landscape, giving life to paper sheets over and over again. It was like magic to her eyes, she who couldn't draw a man to save her life. She parked easily in front of the bakery, and rushed inside, the cold biting her exposed skin with each passing minute. The little bells above the door tinkled joyfully as she entered the warmth of the little shop. Nobody was at the counter, as was the habit when the rush was over and Rue was already home, and Peeta was alone, starting to prepare the next day pastries and breads. "Mellark! Get out there before I come to kick your ass!" Katniss crossed her arms across her chest, the scowl lines appearing on her forehead. She knew Peeta knew how much she hated Christmas. Hell, they've known each other for decades now, sharing the same classes from kindergarten to high school, going on from just classmates to best friends, competing for valedictorian, working together on projects, so inseparable that it had earned them the nickname "Everlark". College had separated them, Katniss going to Harvard, while Peeta chose to stay in Panem and take over his family's bakery, his secret wish (and the Christmas present he'd been asking for between age 6 and 9). "Well, Good afternoon to you too, Katniss!" He smiled, walking out of what Katniss knew was the kitchen, drying his hand on the towel he always kept at his side. "What can I do for you today? Got to warn you, though, we ran out of cheese buns hours ago." Peeta carefully tugged the piece of cloth on his apron's belt, before finishing his sentence. "And I don't have goat cheese anymore, I'm expecting a delivery, so don't start begging me for them." "I'm not there for your frigging buns, Peeta!" "I don't know whether I should be sad or offended by your comment, Everdeen." His lips were curving at one end, clearly mocking her. "You're hilarious. But you have to stop this mess right now! You know I hate Christmas!" "Well, it's not like I haven't heard about it in the last what, fifteen years? And I have to stop what, exactly?" "This!" She threw the package she found on her doorstep to him and it hit him right in the middle of his broad chest with a thump that kind of pleased her. "And what exactly is that?" he asked, curious, as he watched the thin brown sheet in his hands. "As if you didn't know, asshole." "Buns, asshole, you seem obsessed with my body today, sweetheart." "Do. Not. Call. Me. Sweetheart" Katniss threatened through her teeth, her anger growing by the minute. "Yeah, and then you'll threaten to put an arrow through my heart with your bow… But what's new about that?" "You're hilarious, you know that, Mellark?" "Well, my humor took me from "asshole" to "Mellark", so I'll take it any day. So? Package? What's inside?" "You don't know?" "How would I know? I'm a baker, not a fortune-teller. I can't read in flour to tell you what's inside that package, Katniss." "You sure you don't know?" "How could I? Where did it come from?" "My doorstep." "Your doorstep? Maybe somebody made a mistake and thought you were Miss Trinket?" Miss Trinket, or "Effie" as she told Katniss to call her time and time again, was not only a cat lady (Katniss stopped her last count of the beasts at seventeen), but also a TV shopping addict, receiving dozens of packages per week. How she could afford that was beyond Katniss's comprehension. "No, it's for me. And I know it's someone that knows me! Look, no mistake in spelling my name!" If it wasn't Peeta that was behind sending her these gifts, then who? Her sister? "Well, the mystery thickens, Watson. Who could have sent you this? Have you looked at what's inside?" Suddenly, Peeta's face lit up. "Katniss! Maybe you have a secret admirer?" "Peeta, are you sure it's not you?" "Me what?" "That sends me all these gifts?" "Gifts as in plural? There are others?" It was suddenly too much. She needed to get all this off her chest to clear her mind and find who the culprit was. Just so she'd know who to shoot an arrow at. "Yeah…." She sighed. "Take a seat, I'll be right back." Peeta told her as he hurried to the kitchen behind the counter. Katniss looked around, spotting her favorite table in the corner, half hidden by the pastries counter. She threw her bag on the comfortable bench seat lining the wall, surrounded by the smell of the freshly baked cinnamon rolls in the display right next to them. "Here we are! I thought you could use a hot chocolate while you tell me all about this." He put two mugs of the hot beverages, and she knew he made hers with a hint of cinnamon under the whipped cream. Just the way she liked it. Before sitting in front of her, he took a couple of the rolls she had spotted and put them on a napkin. "Now, tell me everything." "You sure you didn't put this package on my mat?" "I can swear on whatever you want that I'm not the one putting this thing on your mat, Katniss. Don't you want to know what's inside?" "Open it." She handed him the package. "No, it's yours!" "Please, Peeta, open it." "Okay, if you're sure…" Katniss nodded her agreement, and Peeta started to open the package. She couldn't see what was inside, as the brown paper hid it. "You're going to love it, Kat." Peeta rarely used her old nickname now, the one he gave her when they were starting middle school, when she didn't want to be a "Katniss" but a "Katherine" because obviously she didn't