You'd think after years in the Bureau, I'd be used to waiting for hours in a car in the middle of nowhere. But apparently, patience isn't what got me through Quantico or college. It's not that I don't like stake outs, they are a complete part of my job, but here, in the middle of the New Mexican Desert, in a black SUV, it turns out to be a challenge. But it could be worst, we could be waiting in the van. At least in the car, we have good music and cheese buns, both of them thanks to my partner, Peeta Mellark, who's the expert at everything that belongs to the bread family, who has, in turn, been well educated in matters of music thanks to yours truly. Peeta and I have been partners for four years now, and we can say he's everything I'm not. He graduated college in psychology and arts, because obviously one major isn't enough. He went through Quantico with high scores, and landed in the white collar division, before switching to the New Mexican bureau in Albuquerque to get more action. That's where we were partnered. I can still remember the day he came in, all blonde curls and blue eyes, going through the automatic doors of the office smoothly, because of course his badge worked directly, stealing the breath of most of the women and some of the men in the office. He walked into the large room where our offices were located, searching for Haymitch's name on one of the doors, completely unaware of the effect he had. I knew he was my new partner as Johanna, my former one, took a job in D.C in some fancy new unit and there was no other position to fill. I received several messages from different colleagues during his stay in Haymitch's office to offer to switch partners, but there was no way I could end up with Clove Anderson or Ben "Marvel" Sommers any day soon if I could avoid it. So here I am now, sitting in an SUV, parked on the top of a small rocky hill, taking over the view of the buildings down there. We are on a stake-out for a community allegedly on the verge of a doomsday event, their farm a beautiful shade of green in the middle of the orange rocky desert. And it's burning hot. I shift in my seat for the tenth time in less than a minute, trying to find a position that wouldn't be too hard on my tired and aching body, and take the opportunity to grab a cheese bun from the brown bag leaning between us. To find nothing. "Peeta?" "Um?" He doesn't even bother to look up from the file he's reading, because that's how Peeta is, serious and thorough in almost everything he does. "PEETA!" He finally looks up, his baby blue eyes magnified by the glasses he's wearing, a lock of blond hair falling over his forehead. "What? We have to go?" "No. Worse." A smile forms at the corner of his mouth, because of course he somehow knows what I have to say is not work related. "What can be worse than having to go?" I sigh. Sometimes I wonder how such a brilliant brain can be so clueless at the obvious things around him. We are facing a high-level emergency. "No more cheese buns!" "No more cheese buns? There were sixteen of them!" "Were. Now they have disappeared. Any explanation for that, Mulder?" "I'm not the physicist here, Everdeen. I only ate two. That leaves fourteen disappeared buns. I wonder where they can be? Did you search your stomach?" "Ah! Of course this would be my fault!" "There were sixteen. I ate two. So unless E.T and his band of friends came down on Earth just to eat them, there is no other rational explanation than to assume you ate them." "I might have taken one or two." "Or fourteen." "Whatever. The problem is, why did you only bring sixteen?" "Because I only made sixteen this morning." With that he turns back to the file he's reading, moving the first page with a picture up, perusing the page for information he might find useful. "You don't want to take a look?" He asks, pointing at the papers he's going through. "I'm hungry." "You're always hungry, that's no news. Read. It will help pass the time." "Yeah, as if." Peeta turns to look at me over the rim of his black glasses. "So at least you know who not to shoot?" "You're hilarious, Mellark, really. Sure you want to bring up our ranging scores here?" "You'd be surprised. So start with this one. He's at the top of the pyramid. Coriolanus Snow." "What's that name? Coriolanus? Is it even real?" "Yup." He passes me a huge, heavy folder, before turning and searching through his bag on the back seat of the car, coming up finally with a brown paper bag. "Here. For your well-being." I know my eyes have started sparkling at the view of the bag. "More cheese buns?" "Cinnamon rolls. Sorry to disappoint." "This will have to do. The sacrifices I make!" I pick a roll, and pretend to suffer through all the eating, when really, Peeta's pastries are just that amazing. I'm licking the sugar from my fingers when the radio starts buzzing. "Unit 46, report to HQ." "Guess it's time for action" Peeta smirks, taking the mike. "Roger that, HQ, on our way." He places his sunglasses on before he hands me the file he was reading, and starts the engine. The headquarters of Operation "Wheat Field" are located a few miles back from the farm, and it takes us a few minutes to get there. Just enough time to grab another roll, and silently thank my parents for the good constitution they gave me – I wouldn't have survived this partnership for years if I didn't have good genes. The amount of pastries I eat is just insane. When you think about headquarters, you'd imagine buildings with A/C, coffee machine and quiet steps, muffled by carpet all around. Not an assembly of vans, scattered around a tent in the heavy New-Mexican air. But that's what we lucky guys get. Our boss is there, a phone tucked between his ear and his shoulder, staring at blueprints of the community, all the while shaking his free hand in the unmistakable sign of him asking for more coffee. That's the vision that greets us as we exit our government-issued car, and walk towards the table side by side, as is our habit. Habit that comes after years of working together, building a solid partnership based on trust, confidence in the other abilities, each one completing the other perfectly. I trust Peeta with my life on a regular basis. He's one of the few constants in my life, a rock I can grab onto when I need it – and I know I am for him too. Too many times to count now, I've been woken up by his nightmares while on stakeouts or when sharing a room. We've both been broken, having seen more than our share of horrors during our years of service within the Bureau. "Finally! Where have you both been?" Haymitch grumbles, rivulets of sweat falling down his neck into the collar of his shirt, his hair ruffled by too many gusts of wind. "Arriving. What do we do now?" I step toward the table on which the plans are spread, Peeta taking the place on the other side, both of us studying the maps. Units are marked on it, color-coded for each department of the police force to show how the deployment of police forces are dispatched around the farm. "You go in. Both of you with a team from the ABQ PD, and you try to put some kind of reason into their brains." Yes, Haymitch can be hilarious, sometimes apparently. Peeta looks up from the map I know he's committing to memory in case it could be of use later, arches an eyebrow at me with a silent question I answer with a nod, then goes back to writing in his little black notebook. "And why would we be going in rather than another team?" I say, an echo to my silent conversation with my partner. "Ha!" Haymitch extends his arms as if I have asked the silliest question in the world, one he had answered two thousand times already, looking at me as if I was five. "I'm so glad you asked, Sweetheart" he mocks me, again, calling me by a pet name I hate. And I know he's doing it to annoy me - which it does - but I won't let him know how much. He smiles, the smug bastard, and looks directly between Peeta and me, before pointing at my partner. "Because one of you has a degree in psychology, maybe? And if he goes, you go. So get ready, you're to meet Sheriff Boggs at 1600 in front of the farm. No need to grab all your weapons, they are not dangerous." "Yeah, doomsday cults are not dangerous, that's why they kill themselves." "They're not dangerous to others, Agent Everdeen." The woman talking, Marshal Jackson, was the head of the USMS team displayed along the local police department, FBI offices and all the authorities present in the headquarters. "They only want to reach Heaven forever." I couldn't wrap my mind around the fact that people were ready to die to reach a forever that wasn't even guaranteed. And bring along their families and friends with them. I check my gun, making sure it's unloaded, putting the safety on, and holster it, before turning to Peeta. He is still working on the map, looking serious behind his glasses, taking several notes - that's his nature - conscientiousness, precision, thoroughness. While I can go into a room full on, he's the thoughtful one, working each angle before taking his decision. He's the steadiness to my fire, the calm to my tempest. I wait until Peeta's ready, as Haymitch watches with his trademark grin, making sure my phone is fully charged before we go into the lion's mouth. Because even if they only want to die for themselves, there is no way they're taking us with them. Peeta finally pockets his black notebook, worn from years of us, and nods slightly, just for me. He's ready. And so am I. I grab my aviators, put them on and head towards our car. Time to start the show. Of course, this Church had to choose the hottest day of the summer to drag all the authorities to the middle of the desert. We couldn't go into the farm with our cars, as modern vehicles are prohibited inside, and had to walk all the way to the buildings, passing through fields and crops. Sheriff Boggs sets a rather quick pace, seemingly eager to enter the farm and finish with this case as soon as possible. I can't blame him, I'm feeling the same, and am really not looking forward going all the way back to the car after this meeting is done. Suddenly, I stop in my tracks. There is something, about this place, something odd, something I feel inside of me - it's as if I came here already. I know that tree, with its dead branch hanging on the right side of it, all cracked, black and dried. I drew it in school, and there's no way it could have been from a memory - my family has lived in Western Virginia forever. I look around, and can't help the feeling of familiarity this place brings into me. I don't know whether I saw it in a movie, or a postcard or anything, but I've seen this place already. I shake off this feeling of deja-vu - now that I think of it, Dad's always been