In the last few years, Katniss had often wondered if the Festival of the Lanterns was still the same. If the lights she had seen wandering in the dark of the night when she was a little girl would still have the same faery in them - if she was still able to hear the stars singing. It had been years now since the last time she went to the Meadow, the large field where the Festival was held, in times where the Everdeens were a family of four, living happily together in their small house on the verge of Seam forest. Katniss remembered the care with which she had done her wreath this year, with willow branches and laced with all kind of herbs she had found in the woods with her father the week before the festival, gathering ferns, long logs of elderberries, wild garlic. How carefully she had put it on her head, still too young to let it float on the water for a boy to catch it. She remembered the lights too, flowing into the night, white against black, the little candles from the wreaths inside burning like hearts. Now twelve years later, a father dead to an accident in the mines, a mother the ghost of herself working herself up to exhaustion at the hospital, and a sister away in college, Katniss wondered if maybe it was the right time to try and go back. But she couldn't muster the courage to do so. She had marked the date on her calendar, circling the 6th of July with a green pen, trying to not think about it every time her eyes fell on it. She would need to figure out soon if she was strong enough to go back home for the Festival. Not that the fact of going home was scary, no. She would be happy to see family friends - the Hawthornes, the Cartwrights, who stood with her when her dad died, when her mother lost herself in memories of a love now gone. They had helped young Katniss with everything they could, from food - a loaf of bread from the town's bakery - or even providing work as soon as she turned of age. But she knew they would ask her to come with them to the Festival. To spend time eating at the food trucks, trying all kind of specialities, watching the artists dancing or playing with fire, the acrobats or the mimes, until it would be time to let the lantern into the air. Some countries had fireworks that lit the sky on fire. District 12, her hometown, had lanterns in the night that bathed the sky in warmth. Katniss looked at the calendar again, wondering what her dream friend would say. He was her best kept secret. Not even her sister knew about the young man she was meeting every night, in her dreams. He was hers, the person she could talk to every night, the constant in her life. And it didn't matter if Peeta was only an imaginary friend. It had all started one day, out of the blue, out of the nothingness that had been her life. Her dad had passed away a few weeks before, and she had been on the verge of breaking down too. There was no food left for Prim to eat, no hope that her mother would come out of her stupor, no future, no hope. Nothing. Just an empty stomach on shivering bones, just the wait for death coming to claim her. That's when Peeta had appeared, in her dream, that very special night. She could feel in her sleep, the way he had looked at her, with so much pain and sadness, with such soft eyes it made her ache for his hand, made her ache for his warmth. But as much as she had tried to move towards him, he would back away, in sync with her own steps, until they had reached a large green field, lit by the light of the dandelions that lingered everywhere. Then he had stopped, looking at the flowers on the ground, kneeling to pick one of them, not even the brightest or biggest, but the most beautiful to her heart. That's when Katniss had woken up. She knew it was just a dream, yet at the same time, it was more than just something her mind had created. She had been quite sure at the time it was the desperate attempt of her brain to not die, showing her that there was food around if she looked closely enough. The young man - she thought he had been her age - had saved her life. From then, she had dreamt of him regularly. He had given her the strength to start hunting in the woods, and the will to go on when she wanted to throw her bow away, when she couldn't hit a single prey. He had been there every time she needed to talk, every night after the nightmares came to plague her with their atrocities, when her mind was strong enough to reach out for him. He had come every single time. It wasn't a one sided relationship, even if it wasn't a real one. She had sensed the time he had needed her, when he had sought a bit of closeness to another human being - he was so lonely, so sad at times. Sometimes, she could feel his pain in her sleep, as if someone was hurting him - another trick of her tortured brain, she thought, that reminded her of what she came through. Sometimes he just needed to talk, and she had spent countless nights discovering the beauties of nature through his words. Even to this day, at the old age of twenty-four, she still dreamt of him. Still saw him in her sleep, all grown up and smiling, in their field of dandelions. The dreams had never changed, having this comfortable quality, this warmth and easiness, a familiarity she didn't even find with her own sister, when Prim was coming back. Even to this day, as she just came back from a disastrous date - why she still caved in to accept them, she was still wondering - leaving the guy she had had dinner with in the parking lot with absolutely no interest in going out with him again. Why did she keep measuring the men she dated on a Peeta scale? She knew he was a dream, someone her mind made up that was everything she needed, someone she would never meet, someone she should be able to get over, yet couldn't. She sighed, as she took off her light makeup, unbraiding her hair, preparing herself for a good night of sleep. She would have to decide soon enough whether she was going back to D12 or not, whether she would have enough courage to face the Festival of the Lanterns. "There you are," he whispered as she approached him in the field lightened by the bright yellow of the dandelions surrounding them. "I wondered if you'd come tonight." "Why wouldn't I?" Katniss asked, curious about what made him think she wouldn't be coming, as she remained just behind his left shoulder. "Because of the man you saw tonight? Maybe you wanted to spend time with him?" "Thresh?" She couldn't believe her mind would think she would give a chance to the guy. Sure he was kind and cute enough, but there wasn't any spark between them. "No. He's not…" She shrugged, unable to find the words she wanted to say. "He's not what?" His words were carried by the small wind that made the dandelions curve and dance with him, coming back to her ears in his smooth voice. She just shrugged, not daring to give him the answer that was singing in her head. "I wonder if I should go back home to the Festival of Lanterns…" she answered instead. Running away had always been her coping mechanism to anything frightening like feelings. Even in her dreams. "Depends, really," Peeta answered. She could see his jaw from her position behind him, sharp like marble, adorned with a bit of five o'clock shadow, his look lost in the sea of gold in front of both of them. "On what?" Katniss asked, more out of habit than wanting an answer. "On if you want to go." He turned then, his blue eyes looking straight into her grey ones, a look so pure and full of something she couldn't - wouldn't - name. "Do you want to go, Katniss?" "I don't know," she whispered back. Something in the back of the field caught her eye. She finally made the last step that brought her next to Peeta, so close she could feel the hair on his arms tickling her skin. There she could see them in the back. A dark haired girl gently leading a blond toddler through the field, all the while holding a wreath in her other hand. Prim and I, Katniss thought, just as the girl looked above her shoulder, right at her, with the same blue eyes she had seen earlier. "Who are they?" she asked, never leaving the kids out of her sight, and she felt Peeta's eyes leaving her face to look at the scene in front of them. "What could be, maybe?" She couldn't help but notice the hope that was carried in his voice. "If you would take a chance." The buzz of her alarm woke her up from her dream, from the field of golden flowers dancing in the wind, from the warmth of the sun, or was it from Peeta? All she knew was her brain had sent her a message. But damn if she could understand it. Weeks and days passed, until the green circle on the calendar became too close to avoid. She had to make a decision, to decide whether or not she was going to her hometown, to face the ghosts of the past, to face the ghosts of her future. Maybe it was time. She wouldn't know until she tried. Before she could change her mind, she left a message at work, packed her car, and was on the road to District 12. The Festival was two days ahead. — The first step was always the hardest. She had realized that getting out of the family house on the night of the Festival had been the most difficult part of her day so far, as all the memories came back to her. She didn't know whether she should go on her own - her mother too busy with work to accompany her - or just go with their long time friends, the Hawthornes, before she realized she was already late to the party. When she arrived at the Meadow, she could see everything had already started, the dancers moving to the music, the mimes and acrobat being cheered by the crowd, the food trucks packed with lines of people waiting for their turn. And everywhere, teenaged and small girls with their wreath, waiting for the moment when they could put them into the water, before the grown ups started launching the lanterns in the sky. A group of adolescents passed in front of her, giggling and muttering, no doubt wishing for the boys they had a crush on to catch their wreaths in the flow of the river, to be able to come and talk to them, following a hundred years long tradition. Katniss couldn't prevent the small smile on her lips, recalling times long gone, when she had carefully wrapped a wreath in the hope that the cute boy from kindergarten would catch it. Nobody ever came to give her wreath back. A loud cheer came from the crowd, gathering all the girls in a mass of glitter and ribbons, in the sounds of giggles and whistles, as the time to launch the Lanterns