"Everdeen! You're going to be late!" Katniss reluctantly pulled her head from the report she was reading to check the clock of her computer, seeing that indeed, she was about to be late if she didn't hurry. "Yeah, I'm going…" she sighed, closing her computer before gathering her pen and notebook. "I don't know why you're complaining, really! Your teacher is hot, and he's French!" Annie, her friend and coworker, whispered as Katniss moved away from the desk they shared. "Annie! You're married!" "And? Just because I'm married doesn't mean I can't see what's around, you know? Maybe you want to change to Herr Schultz? Because I'd happily take French instead of German…" In order to stay at the top of their competences, their company, Heavensbee Intl, provided its employees with mandatory languages courses. Annie, as the main assistant for the German branch, had to take them with Herr Schultz, a sixty-something little man with a belly and a strong taste for beer. Katniss, on the other hand, after years working with Mrs. Dupont, who left for retirement a few months ago, was now a student of Mr. Mellark, a much younger Frenchman, that every woman on the floor wanted to have very private lessons with. Everyone but Katniss, apparently. She took her time checking to see if she had the right set of pens, enough space in her notebook to write out those stupid rules that French grammar seemed to be so full of, before walking as slowly as she could towards the stairs leading to the floor where the training sessions were held. It wasn't that she didn't want to learn French. No, she knew she needed the classes so she wouldn't sound like the clichéd foreigner when she went to France, unable to utter a correct sentence. And she liked learning things, usually. But she'd never had such a distracting teacher. Wavy blonde hair, blue eyes like the morning sky, not so tall as to be be intimidating, sturdy build - and, yes, she had seen the muscles of his arms when the sleeves of his button-up shirts were rolled, thank you very much. It didn't help her concentrate on the damned tenses she had to try to remember (honestly the guy who invented the imparfait du subjonctif clearly did it to annoy people) when he was leaning closer to check her mistakes and she could smell his cologne - she wasn't sure it was a fragrance that was actually sold somewhere - all male and enticing, and well… Katniss sighed as she arrived on the floor, walking along the corridors until she reached the door, knocking softly before entering and realizing quickly her studying partner wasn't already there. "Bonjour Katniss." The low voice of Mr. Mellark - Peeta, as he asked to be called over and over - made her look directly at him. "Nous serons seuls ce matin. Beetee a du s'absenter pour une réunion avec les douanes." "Oh, okay." she answered. So, Beetee had a meeting with customs ? That wasn't a good enough reason to leave her alone with Peeta, right? "So maybe we –" Katniss started again, in the hopes of shifting the lesson to another time this week, or even, never? "En français?" Peeta chimed in. He was irritating. Insisting they speak French every time they had a chance. Katniss thought about the time with sweet Mrs. Dupont, who made her work on easy grammar things. She didn't want to acknowledge that she had made more progress with Peeta these last months than in several years with Constance. "Oui…. " She gathered her mind and French grammar, thinking about her sentence. "Peut-être que nous devons reporter cet entraînement?" "Devrions would be better. And it's not a training, but rather a lesson - leçon in French with your mouth closed rather than opened on the e sound. Try again, please?" She rolled her eyes, trying her best to close her mouth for that bloody damn sound. "And no, I don't think we should cancel today's lesson. Please sit." He was infuriating. Because of course he was as fluent in English as he was in French, when she had to struggle to even think of the structure of a sentence. And today, she was alone, meaning his corrections wouldn't be split in two this time. She sat at her usual place across the table, as far away from him as possible, because there was no way she was going to let him see her bad writing - along with the small comments she would make about the French language. Which she was pretty sure he would hate. "So, last time we were struggling with the conjunctions, right? Mais ce serait mieux que Beetee soit là pour qu'il ne soit pas à la traîne ensuite, right?" Yeah, Beetee should be there today instead of gallivanting to whatever meeting he pretended to be having because wouldn't it be a shame he be lagging behind, right? "Oh, right?" Peeta raised his eyebrows at her words and Katniss corrected, reluctantly. "D'accord. Nous faisons quoi?" Yeah, now, what would they do? "Definitely work on conjunctions next time," Peeta said, scrambling for something in his own notebook. He leaned over the table while he wrote, allowing Katniss to answer the women's question as to whether he had chest hair or not. He stood up, walking to the desk where his satchel was, and took a book out of it, looking through it as he returned to the table. "Here." He opened it and looked at Katniss. "Vous écoutez, et me dîtes ce que vous en pensez, d'accord?" The French were so haughty. Couldn't they use "You" instead of "Tu" and "Vous"? But, no, why not make something ten times more complex instead of simplifying it? "Because it's a beautiful multi-layered language, with a history that goes back to Latin and Greek, with influence from all over Europe." Peeta said simply, still perusing through his book until he found the page he was looking for. Katniss blushed as soon as she realized she had actually spoken aloud the words that should have remained thoughts. She was about to answer when she heard Peeta talking, reading something out of the book. "Une orange sur la table Ta robe sur le tapis Et toi dans mon lit Doux présent du présent Fraîcheur de la nuit Chaleur de ma vie.*" "What?" She had understood most of the words, but not the meaning of the whole sentence. Or was it several? "What was that?" "It's called poetry. French poetry. Instead of fighting grammar, I'm trying to make you discover how beautiful French can be. Will you try to read it?" he asked. "In French?" Katniss asked, wondering why he would do that to her. "Well, unless you wish to translate it into German, yes, in French." "Do I have a choice?" "We always have a choice." Peeta said, extending the book to her, opened, showing two poems, one on each page. "C'est celui qui s'appelle Alicante." Peeta said, tapping the page with "Alicante" written across the top. She gave it a quick look, realizing there was only one punctuation mark - the period at the end. How was she supposed to read this aloud? Was each verse a sentence? or each sentence a verse? "I…. Where do I stop? There's no punctuation? Where do I break the reading? And what does it mean?" "Just read it in your head, several times. The words aren't difficult. You know them. Maybe the magic will appear and you'll get to it. To the true meaning of the poem." She kept her eyes down on the page he had shown her, so he wouldn't see her scowl and eyeroll. Poetry. Great. She had other things to do rather than puzzle over these six lines. But she had no choice. Peeta would have to report on her progress, and she guessed a "no" from her would be a bad move. So she read the poem in her head, translating it into English. An orange on the table. Your dress on the carpet. And you in my bed. Sweet present of the present. Cool of night. Warmth of my life. It didn't make any sense. Each verse was like the beginning of a sentence, missing what was between this moment and the next start, as if whoever had written this (a guy named Prévert apparently - she checked the back cover - but hell, it could be Pervert for all she knew) could not be bothered to finish his sentences? Katniss sighed, fighting to understand the meaning behind the words. There had to be something, right? She read it again, trying to figure out what the hell the orange was doing in the story, because, obviously they had finished in bed. "Really? Can't he just say 'we fucked in bed?' instead of using all these words that mean nothing?" she hissed, looking from the page to his face. "En français, Katniss, s'il vous plaît." She sighed heavily, trying to convey all her disdain for the words she was trying to understand. She was a scientist, number and equation oriented, for whom a square was not a circle, and the Earth was definitely not blue as an orange. "Pourquoi - no! This is bullshit, I don't need poetry for my work!" "We all need poetry. Maybe the world would be better with more poetry. Now listen, I'm going to read it again. Close your eyes." She looked at Peeta, eyes wide open. In what way could closing her eyes help her understand this damn poem? Why was she even trying to understand the poem, really? "Close your eyes, Katniss." Peeta asked again, softly. And he waited, still looking at her, until finally, she complied with a sigh and an eyeroll. She closed her eyes. But the words she heard weren't the ones she was expecting. "Imagine you're on a beach, coming back from a walk. The sun is setting. The wind is blowing softly. The sand is warm under your feet, and you walk towards a little house on the beach…" Katniss could hear the words, but she couldn't, for the sake of her soul, picture herself like one of those models in a shampoo ad, swaying her hips to a sensual music. She burst out laughing. "Seriously? Could you be more cliché?" she said, looking at Peeta on the other side of the table. "What do you mean?" he answered. "Beach, sunset, it's a beautiful place to be." "Well, maybe, but I'm sorry, it's not my place." She shrugged. "I'm more of a woods girl, really." "Really? Well then, close your eyes and picture your forest. Can you describe it to me?" Peeta looked at her, his clear eyes looking straight into hers. "It's more like… woods, really." "In French, please?" At his words, Katniss was sure she sighed again. He was persistent. "Okay. C'est un bois, vraiment. C'était derrière chez moi… Souvent, j'allais avec mon papa le matin du dimanche…" Suddenly, as she remembered, it all came back to her. The early mornings with her father, gathering berries, hunting the small animals, or simply watching the sun setting in the sky when she was a little girl. "I remember walking through the woods, listening to the birds, learning their songs and the place they nested, finding wild strawberries or blueberries too." Eyes closed, she started depicting the place, never once realising she had switched to English. "Then," Peeta's voice used a pause in her description, to chime in. "Just imagine that today after work, you're going to go to the woods." "But I can't." "No can't. Imagine. Just for today, just for this hour, imagine. Can you do that for me, Katniss?" he asked, his voice laced with a plea, barely above a whisper. She nodded. With a little effort, she could see the forest. The large oaks, the thin birches reaching for the sky, the soft singing of