My deepest thanks to jazzfic for her beta skills on this story. This was written for the mores2sl collection on tumblr. Please tell me whether you liked it or not :) i'm thegirlfromoverthepond on tumblr :) Why is it so hard to find motivation? Katniss wondered, struggling with the goddam bike. Maybe level 12 was a bit too high, maybe her lungs and thighs weren't about to give up, begging for a reprieve or a slower pace. But she really, really didn't want to slow down. It wasn't a question of stubbornness (well, just a bit), or pride, it had everything to do with the man on the treadmill next to her. The man running on the treadmill in his shorts, his tee-shirt wet with sweat, his blonde hair a total mess, and his earphones the same color of his eyes. Because, yes, she noticed his eyes when he had hopped onto his machine and nodded at her. Katniss had never agreed more with the poster saying "Sweat is sexy" than she did when she looked at this stranger running next to her. She usually wasn't into the American poster boy type, but this one had something appealing about him. She risked another glance at him (not that she was counting), noticing the drops of sweat running along his neck. Yeah, sweat definitely could be sexy. "Hey Katniss!" Speaking of sexy, making her grand entrance, she saw Glimmer Reynolds coming to sit on the bike next to hers. Katniss knew the woman's name was something like Stephanie or Tiffany and that her nickname had nothing to do with wearing sparkling clothes - even though it fitted Glimmer perfectly. Everyone in the gym knew her, the blonde locks staying perfectly in place as she attended whatever course was on, from the attack lessons to Yoga. Always near, always shining, that was Glimmer. Katniss had absolutely no idea why she was here the bike next to hers, as she always backed away from the cardio zone, the smell of sweat bothering her fragile little (remade) nose. But right now all Katniss was focused on was reaching that milestone her trainer had set for her, blaming her competitiveness on the fact that she had turned into a mess of sweat and disheveled hair, proof that she was here to workout and not socialize. "I should come do cardio more often," Glimmer said, almost making Katniss lose a cycle of her bike. There must be something wrong with the universe if the Queen Bee herself thought spending time with the less-than-nothing was something she should do more. "What?" Out of breath, the word was the only thing Katniss could mutter right now, as the miles went on defiling on the screen of her bike. Two more, and she would break her record, and finally drink that beer David had promised. "Well, the surroundings are way more … interesting here." Glimmer didn't even hide the look she gave to the man next to Katniss, taking him all in, without the slightest embarrassment, from his legs, solidly running in rhythm on the treadmill, to his upper body, clad in that tee-shirt. No, no embarrassment from Glimmer at all, looking him over with predatory eyes, despite the very present set of rings on the fourth finger of her left hand. She was still leaning on the bike, not even pretending to cycle it, trying to get the man's attention by showing her cleavage over her pink sparkling top. It seemed useless, as the guy continued to keep his eyes firmly on his phone, never acknowledging the women beside him. Eventually, Glimmer got tired of being ignored by both Katniss and the young man. "I will definitely be around. There are interesting things to see here..." She got off the bike, moving towards the lockers room with an exaggerated sway of her hips. Katniss looked back at the screen of her bike, trying to see if she would meet the challenge her coach had given her - wasted effort. She was far off her usual marks, thanks to Glimmer's interruption, but still had another two minutes to go before this machine of all evils stopped. "I hope that's not her way of being subtle." A voice interrupted her thoughts, making her lose another cycle. She turned to where the blonde man had been running, to see he was now smiling at her. Katniss knew there was no one on the bike besides her, but nonetheless turned her head from left to right, just to check, because there was no way this man was talking to her. Yet, he was. "Believe it or not," she answered, trying to catch her breath as the machine eased into the cooling time of her cycle, "this is exactly her way of being subtle." "Wow. Did she not realize I could hear and see her?" "Oh, she did, and I think she expected you to be more … responsive about her." "Responsive? You mean, answer her? No, thank you. I have enough of that with the parents already." "Parents?" "I teach art in Panem High…. let me just say some mothers there are exactly like this woman. Glitter?" Katniss couldn't help but laugh at the nickname the man had found. "Almost. Glimmer. Though I think her real name is Stephanie or Tiffany or whatever." "I'm Peeta, by the way." The man had extended his hand over the bar of the treadmill for Katniss to shake. She automatically took it, remembering too late how sweaty she was and how slippery her hand would be. But this Peeta guy didn't seem to mind at all. "Oh, I'm Katniss." She almost hesitated over her own name, distracted as she was by the feeling of his hand in hers. Strange. Must be all that energy from the machines, right? Right. "Nice to meet you Katniss. So, you have something to settle with that bike? He hurt you in another life ?" Katniss looked at him, surprised. "What? Oh, no, that's because of David. He always sets unreachable objectives." She suddenly looked at him, suspicious. "Don't tell me he didn't do that for you?" Peeta laughed, swiping the sweat out of his face. "Oh he did. He's really bad." "I can hear you both!" came the voice of the gym's manager from his front desk. "I do it for your own good, guys, and you know that." "Yeah, yeah, so you say…" Katniss muttered under her breath, getting off the bike, grabbing wipes to clean the bike. "He's evil." She nearly jumped at Peeta's voice in her ear - he had come down his treadmill too, and was just behind her, waiting in line to take the cleaning paper. Katniss nodded before going back to her bike, cleaning it thoroughly all the while thinking about what she was doing next. Biceps and triceps, a bit of back muscles too, to keep herself in shape for the next season of archery meetings. She moved swiftly to the more hardcore part of the gym, grabbing dumbbells in the process, before going straight to "her" bench, the one she usually sat on when working on her arms. Only Peeta was already straddling said bench, preparing a bar with heavy weights on it. She sighed, moving to the the other bench - narrower, less comfortable, and, well, not hers - put her weights down and sipped on her water bottle. The door to the locker rooms opened as Katniss just finished a sip, water falling down her chin because of course she forgot her sports bottle at home, and Glimmer stepped out, followed by her clique of Barbie-like friends, her eyes roaming the gym until they landed on her prey. Her prey, who was lifting an enormous number of weights, lying on the bench, pushing the heavy bar up. Katniss saw the predatory glint in Glimmer's eyes, as she dropped her bag down, walking like she was on a runaway towards Peeta, not caring a single second about Katniss being around. The young man had finished his reps, repositioning the bar on its support, his breath labored by the effort he had needed to finish this part of his workout. "My, my, this is some muscle" Glimmer said, her hand reaching out to trace Peeta's biceps. "I bet you can lift me …" her voice was literally purring, her seductive techniques all out for his benefit, almost laughable if it wasn't pitiful. Katniss shook her head, as she grabbed her weight and started her reps, working on her triceps first, when she heard Peeta answer. "And what would be the purpose of that, Ms...?" He replied, very calmly, letting her fill in the blank of her name. Glimmer's face fell, as she tried to hide her disappointment at being called out, but Peeta wasn't done with her. "Moreover, I very much doubt my girlfriend would approve." Somehow, this gave Glimmer some incentive to do more - showing more cleavage, being more vulgar and straightforward. "What she doesn't know won't hurt her, right? You're young, I'm young, let's enjoy life." "Well, you pretty much ruined that, haven't you. My girlfriend is just there." At Peeta's calm and deep voice, Katniss looked around, searching for the woman he was talking around. Surely she must be somewhere, fuming over Glimmer's behavior - she knew she would be. But there wasn't anyone around. She was the only one besides Glimmer and her gang, the only one close enough to listen to - wait? What was he implying? She suddenly turned to him, and saw his eyes begging her to play along as he walked around his (well, her ) bench towards her, his eyes still pleading as he put his arm around her shoulders, as if he did that every day. Two emotions threatened to explode in Katniss's brain at the same time - the anger at being used as a rebuffal from Glimmer and the surprise at being able to rebuff Glimmer. So she played it off. It was only for a few minutes, right? Right. So she put her arm on his waist, letting it fall down protectively on his upper hip. "And I'm not so sure about you being young, Tiffany…" Katniss said, moving even closer to Peeta, feeling the heat radiating from his body, not even bothered by his sweat, after all, that's why they are at the gym for, right? Sweating. "You? With him?" Glimmer stared at the both of them in disbelief, pointing at Katniss with her manicured finger. "Let me laugh, you're as much a couple as I'm a real blonde." This phrase did it. Glimmer had drawn the final straw in Katniss's mind. Her attitude, her behavior towards her and Peeta and everybody around except her clique was more than Katniss could handle right now. So she turned to Peeta, her eyes meeting his begging him to go along with her charade as she leaned into him, getting on her tiptoes before placing her lips to his. She had no clue what Peeta would think about it, hell she had no clue what she should think about it. But all she could care about was the warmth of his lips on hers. How he went from completely still to taking over the kiss in a matter of a second. How his arms moved to let his hands come to her face, his thumbs caressing her cheeks, sending wave of heat after another into her body. She pulled back slightly, but was drawn to him, her whole body feeling his absence. So she kissed him again, letting her tongue discover the crevices of his lips, letting her hand roam on the small hairs at the nape of his neck, letting her body discover his. Even if this was just for one kiss. Or two. Or maybe more. She just wanted - needed - to get lost in his kisses right here, right now. A slight cough interrupted them. Katniss