A Candle For Panem. Trigger warning: terrorism. Attacks. Blood. PTSD. My huge, huge thanks to three persons: dandelion-sunset for her beta-ing skills, and her support, kind words for me, you are a star, Heather! And to the wonderful, incredible titania522 who started this Love In Panem blog - and who's such a bright, smart, caring person. Thank you for being my friend ! And to bandathebillie, who was there all through the writing process, every day, encouraging me. She wanted a follow-up to Voices … but this came instead. This has been very very hard to write and not because of the language. I'm French. Feb. 14th 2016, somewhere in the world. There were still flowers and candles everywhere, placed along the walls or just lying on the pavement. The security barriers had been removed a long time ago, allowing passers to come and pay their respects. The thin woman extracted herself from the embrace of the blond man, looking into his eyes for a long moment, before he nodded, placing a chaste kiss on her forehead. She dug into his left pocket, took the small candle that was there, hidden behind his pair of gloves, before turning towards the flowered wall, trying to take a step forward. Tears rolled down her cheeks, she clung to the candle in her hands like a lifeline, trying to find the courage to take this last step on her own, until she felt his warm hand in hers, and he whispered in her ear. If someone had been close enough, he would have heard one word. "Together." The girl with the raven hair nodded, holding his hand tighter. They took the last step together. — 215 Days before. Katniss could hear the music a block away. She was still unwilling to go, though, not wanting to get out of the cozy, air-conditioned room she shared with her new friend Madge to face the heat of the evening. The temperatures had been skyrocketing lately, reaching new heights Katniss wasn't used to. Madge, being Californian, relinquished in the heat and sweet breeze coming from the sea, a few kilometers away. After a lot of pleading, pouting, and pretending-to-cry, Madge finally convinced her friend to put on a little halter dress and sandals before heading to the traditional Bal Populaire taking place on July 14th. Apparently, these balls were a big thing here. Everybody came and danced until the first lights of morning appeared, sharing drinks, laughing, flirting – everything could happen on this evening. Apparently there would be fireworks too, to celebrate this national holiday, a spectacle Katniss was looking forward to seeing. But to get through the show in the sky, when lights fight with the stars to shine, she knew she had to go through the ball first. She wasn't really looking forward to it. Because, really? She was in a foreign country for another nine months, she barely knew anybody here save Madge, she didn't understand completely the language she came to learn, and was only looking for an evening in bed, watching some TV shows she had saved on her computer before coming. She did not intend to socialize nor did she come here to make friends. She was there to study, go home, graduate, and start working. Whatever her plans for the night had been, she now found herself in the middle of a crowd, in the village main square, covered in little flags, lanterns, a band on the podium playing old 80s tunes - with no way to run home. "Isn't it exciting? Think of all the stories you'll be able to share! People are going to be so envious you came here! It's so different from July 4th, right? No parade, just… dancing! And wine! This country knows how to live, let me tell you!" Madge's enthusiasm did nothing to cheer Katniss up, but the glass of wine she was offered by her friend did. This country had the best food possible, along with wine – you only needed to be 18 to drink it! – and she didn't even want to get started on the cheeses. "How long do we have to stay before we can head home?" "Katniss, don't even start! We're here to have fun, enjoy the experience, flirt, and who knows? Maybe I won't go home tonight?" Madge raised her eyebrow suggestively, looking straight at the group of firemen standing next to the podium. Katniss rolled her eyes so hard she thought she wouldn't be able to put them back in place. She did not intend to spend the night with a total stranger, in a foreign country. She was there to study the civilization, language, certainly not the body parts of some strange male who would find her accent "délicieux." No kidding, these men were masters at using the cuteness of their accent when speaking English. Add to that their pick-up lines were ridiculous ("Miss, your dad must be a thief… he stole all the stars in the sky to put them in your eyes.") and their passion with football that wasn't football but soccer. Nope. Definitely a no-go for Katniss in this country. The band on the podium started covering something a bit more recent that dragged Madge forward to the center of the dance floor - or rather pavement covered with hay. Katniss tried to avoid her friends attempts at dragging her, rather looking around and pretending to be interested in the landscape. She should have known any attempt to drive Madge away from her objective was useless. She soon felt a warm hand taking hers, and she complied, following her giggling friend bobbing to the beat of the music, without noticing the looks men shot her. Both girls started to dance, Madge completely lost to the music, using her years of dance lessons to bust her moves and ace them, while Katniss only moved her feet, looking around, making sure nobody came too close to them. She never felt comfortable in crowds. They spent a good amount of time swaying to the music until it was time to take a break - when the slow dances started. Both women moved towards the bar, when Madge was swept away by a tall man with dark hair, easily giving up to his smile and sparkling eyes. Katniss shook her head, understanding that Madge wouldn't make it back tonight - the man had been looking at her friend all evening long. If only she had known Madge would never make it back again. It was harder reaching the hand-made bar than Katniss thought it would be: in this country, wine was all kind of sacred, and on this special day, all restrictions were gone. She finally reached the plank counter, asking for a glass of white wine when she felt someone besides her. "It's Kathy, right?" a deep voice asked, in English. She assumed the stranger was talking to her, as a quick look around showed her she was the only one on her own. "Wrong." She took a sip of her wine, which was unexpectedly still fresh at this hour of the night, in this Mediterranean heat. She wasn't there to flirt or create links with people she would never see again. "Oh, then I must have been hearing right. Katniss isn't it?" His English was too good for him to be a local - they had a funny way of saying "the", morphing it into a "ze" that had always been quite funny. She finally turned to her right side, meeting a mop of curly blond hair very much like the cherub on the paintings they studied this week. "How do you know that?" "We're in the same auditorium? You're in an exchange program too, right?" "Yeah…." "I'm here until April. You?" "Same. End of April." "I'm Peeta. Peeta Mellark, by the way." His hand was extended, waiting for her to take it. She complied a few seconds later. "Katniss Everdeen." "So, where are you from, Katniss Everdeen?" "Middle of nowhere, Pennsylvania. You?" "Ohio, Cleveland. Looks like we're neighbors, right?" "Hurray." She took another sip of her wine, trying not to notice the glass was getting empty. "Do you want to dance?" Katniss nearly choked on her drink, taken aback by both the question and the bluntness of the man - Peeta? What kind of name was that? "What? No! I can't dance." "I saw you earlier. You can pretend you can't but you have rhythm." "I'm sorry?" Her cheeks turned red at the thought that someone had been watching her dance for a while, without her realizing it. Where were her hunter's instincts when she needed them? True enough, she'd been monitoring men watching Madge, never thinking anyone would be interested in herself. The man seemed to realize his behavior could be seen as stalkerish, seeing the blush creeping on his cheeks, his blue eyes - how had Katniss not noticed how blue his eyes were? - looking down. "I'm sorry, I'm usually so much better with words…. " He took a deep breath before lifting his gaze to hers. "It's just, you know, I thought I recognized you from the auditorium, so I looked closer. You had this scary glance, looking around, and I kind of figured you were looking after your girlfriend. But seeing how… um, close, she is to Gale, well, I guessed you two aren't in a relationship." Honestly ? was all Katniss could think about. You dance with a girl, and you're straight-up labelled as lesbian? She wasn't ready to admit she had just done what Peeta assumed - looked around for Madge, who was way too joyful and cheery, kind and beautiful, and couldn't see a threat even if it was waving just under her nose. Katniss knew better. Speaking of Madge… the brunette looked around, searching for her friend. She wasn't on the dance floor anymore, and Katniss felt panic balling up in her belly. She checked her phone - no message. Katniss quickly put her half-empty glass on the makeshift counter, and headed towards the dance floor, on a mission to find her friend. She didn't expect at all to be pulled back gently by a strong hand on her arm. Her reaction, born of years of being on her own, fighting her own battles, and maybe, a dozen of self-defense classes, was immediate. Grabbing the hand, she turned herself back to the front of her opponent, and stepped as fiercely as possible on his foot. Only this time, her heel found nothing else than the concrete under her sandal, the man behind her having clearly moved away from her. She heard a voice tickling her ear, calm and soothing. "Don't worry, I'm not attacking you. Look at your friend." Slowly, she felt a tug on her right, a hand on her waist, trying to make her turn when all her body stiffened. She tried to relax and follow his lead, The man obviously didn't have bad intentions, or his armlock would not be one she could easily escape, even though it felt surprisingly good to be in his embrace. Finally giving in, Katniss turned to her right, looking through the crowd in search of Madge, finding no one. She stiffened again, when she felt the hand on her waist pushing her to the side a bit, giving her a clear view of her friend, clearly mingling with the guy she began dancing with earlier. Madge seemed to really, really be enjoying herself, kissing the man like her life depended on it. Katniss felt the hands and arms around her setting her free, the body heat emanating from the man behind her leaving her too. She realized she would indeed spend her night alone in their apartment, but most importantly, that she would have to go back there on her own. Thank you Apple for putting a GPS in your phone. "So, do you want to dance?" The least that could be