George looked around at the piles of boxes that were stacked all the way to the ceiling. They were gathering dust, and several of them looked as though the contents inside had leaked. He thought they might have been the Dazzling Daredevil potions Fred had ordered last year. He still couldn't bring himself to unpack them. The bell over the door of the shop chimed, and George frowned. The sign in the window still said Closed Until Further Notice , and as far as he knew the rest of the Weasleys were helping Harry move into his new flat. He'd slipped away when the noise became too much; maybe they'd come to look for him. "George?" A familiar voice called from the front. "You back here, then? I had to pick the bloody lock the Muggle way!" "Seamus?" George stuck his head over the balcony and looked down. "What're you doing here?" Seamus's face broke into a smile. "There you are. Your mam said you'd be here. What's the deal with the door? You've got more spells on it than the bloody Ministry. It stung me when I tried to Alohamora it." George took the stairs slowly, coming to stand in front of Seamus and leaning back against the railing. He was doing his best to pass as normal, but the slight furrow of Seamus' brow told him it wasn't working. "Just sorting stock," he said, pasting a smile onto his face. A sound like several large boxes falling off their precarious perch and crashing down onto the floor came from above them. Seamus' eyes widened. "I can see that," he murmured, looking up at the door to the back room. "Listen, I was wondering if you needed any help getting the shop ready to open." "Help?" George asked, feeling strangely as if he was talking through a fog. Seamus stared at him for a few seconds, an unreadable expression on his face. Suddenly it disappeared, and he clapped George on the shoulder before ducking past him and running up the stairs. "I'll do the moving; you can do the inventory. Sound alright?" The entire shop shook from the pounding of Seamus' feet on the stairs, and George steadied himself against the railing as the sudden noise and energy threatened to pull his careful control out from beneath him. "Alright," he called up the stairs, the weak sound of his voice already drowned out by Seamus' exclamations of delight. He grabbed a clipboard and quill off the bench and followed Seamus up the stairs. "You didn't tell me you'd finished the new Twizzler design! Did you get them to fly?" Brown paper packaging was already strewn all over the floor between Seamus and the door, and George winced at the sight of the mess. He pushed the emotion down and focused on the present, trying to recall the moment when they had finally settled on a recipe for the Twisting Twizzlers. He gave a tiny grin. "We got them to do more than that," he said, his voice coming stronger at the memory of huddling over a steaming cauldron with Fred. "Take a bite." Seamus shoved half the Twizzler into his mouth and began to chew. Immediately, he gave a muffled yelp around the mouthful, and George laughed as Seamus' skin turned bright red and he flew straight up into the air, twisting around and around like a rotisserie chicken. "Blimey!" he squawked, swallowing the rest and trying to regain his balance in midair. George flicked his wand, and Seamus stopped spinning. His grin began to fade as Seamus fell to the floor, his head flung back in laughter. "Came out pretty well, don't you think?" he looked down at the ground, flicking his wand so that the brown paper vanished. Seamus stood up, but George turned to his clipboard, finding himself suddenly unable to look at him. "George," Seamus said hesitantly. "Why are you here?" George stared at the clipboard. He hadn't meant to say it; when conversations became serious, it was always Fred who took over. George had never managed that fine line between tact and honesty. Seamus walked over and sat down on one of the boxes in front of him. "I'm here to help you, of course." His tone was serious for once. "And I wouldn't mind something to distract me for the moment." He ran a hand through his short curls and gave a rueful smirk. "I broke up with Dean." George's eyebrows shot up. "Just wasn't working," Seamus continued with a shrug, answering the unspoken question. "It's all over now — the war, You Know Who — and-" he pulled a face, "and I'm just not sure we came out the other end the same as how we went in; do you know what I mean?" The air seemed to swell around him, choking him as he stared into Seamus' blue eyes —both familiar and somehow new — and fought to stay calm. "Yeah," he said finally, when he could trust his voice again. "Yeah, I know what you mean." "Ron, bring those boxes down here, now!" Molly's strident voice echoed through the shop without the need of any magical assistance. "Percy's cleared a spot." "Coming!" Ron yelled over the stairs, balancing several small boxes in his arms while simultaneously levitating five others in front of him. He dodged Harry coming up the stairs, ducked under Bill dusting the bookshelves, and set the boxes down for Molly to unpack. George watched it all from the doorway behind the counter, hidden behind a velvet curtain. "D'you need me to make an excuse for you, then?" George jumped and whirled around to find Seamus setting down his key and shopping bags on the desk. "I can tell them there was an issue at the factory," he continued, nodding towards the sounds of organised Weasley chaos. "I'll say you had to duck out." "Thanks," George said quietly, twitching the curtain to make sure they were still hidden. "But I only need a minute." "Sure thing," Seamus said with a grin, reaching into his bag, grabbing something, and throwing it to George. He caught it on reflex and looked down to see a shiny, red apple. When he looked up again, Seamus winked at him, catching him by surprise and making him flush for no reason that he could think of. "You've been looking peaky," Seamus explained and then ducked through the curtain. "Seamus! Have you seen George?" Harry's voice came from outside, and George shrunk further into the room. "He's upstairs, isn't he?" George could tell just from the sound of Seamus' voice that he was smiling, and for some reason he felt himself smile in response. The wood of the desk was refreshingly cool as he hoisted himself up to sit on it. If he leaned his head back against the wall, the sounds of outside became muffled and distant, and for the first time he felt himself relax. He bit into the apple, relishing the crisp sweetness and wondering how long it would be before his mother bundled everyone into their coats and sent them home. "Here you are!" The curtain swept aside, and he felt a sick feeling drop into the pit of his stomach. "Hi, mum." He forced a smile. "Just taking a break." Molly shifted her hands onto her hips and gave him a stern look. "We talked about keeping busy, didn't we?" George clenched his jaw. She walked over and bustled him off the desk. "It's the only way to keep going. I promise you it will help." "No, mum, it helps you ," George gritted out. He regretted the words immediately, and Molly's shocked, wide-eyed expression made him wish he could take them back. Then her face softened, and it was almost worse. "Honey, you're not yourself at the moment," Molly reached out to him, drawing him off the desk and into a hug. "But you will be. It will be okay. Come out with us — you need the company." He stood limply in her arms, hearing the unspoken words: you don't know how to be alone. It was true; he had never been alone. But that wasn't the problem. "What about a blueberry sweet that turns you into a blueberry?" Hermione suggested, her eyebrows shooting up as she looked around at everyone. Ron and Harry made encouraging noises, but George could only bring himself to grunt. "It's in a muggle story book," Hermione continued, trailing off a little as she tried and failed to catch George's eye. "It's really… fun." George stared at the table, running his fingers along the condensation on his beer glass. He could sense the others exchanging looks, but he couldn't bring himself to make a joke or lighten the mood. Knowing how they would try and fail to banter with him like Fred made it pointless to even try. "Right," Seamus said, pushing through the crowded bar and setting fresh drinks on the table with a loud thud. "Hermione, you look like someone spilled water on your favourite book; Harry, Ron, you look a pair of guilty louts; and, George — no offence — you look like you died and came back to life against your will. But you always look like that, so I'm not particularly worried." He pulled a muggle lighter out of his pocket and grinned. "Check this out — the bartender said I could do it here. It'll cheer you all up, I promise." He clicked the lighter and ran the flame across the four glasses; they shot up with bright, blue fire. Harry and Ron yelped while Hermione shot back and began admonishing Seamus for lack of safety. Before he could help himself, George laughed, taken by the excitement in Seamus' eyes and forgetting, for a brief moment, the rest of the world that normally clung to him like thick sludge. He looked up and saw Seamus watching him, blue eyes twinkling in the flickering light. "Alright," he said, smiling gently and keeping his eyes on Seamus. "I had this idea a while ago, but Fred wasn't really into it." He ignored the way the other three stiffened and held themselves still, as though afraid to frighten a wild animal, and focused only on the grin spreading across Seamus' face. "Bah," Seamus waved a hand dismissively. "Fred's style was sort of predictable. I've got a hunch you're thinking something fascinating." "Maybe a little," George agreed. "Mr. Weasley," a small voice piped up somewhere around his knee. "Where is the other Mr. Weasley?" The child's mother spun around in horror and shuffled the little girl away before George could even think how to respond. "I'm so sorry!" she murmured to him. George steadied himself against the counter and watched as the mum whispered furiously — and not very quietly — to her daughter. The shop was full, the sound of laughter and chatter echoing round and round in his mind, and yet he could still hear their words clearly. "You mustn't ask Mr. Weasley about his twin, honey. He died during the war." "How can a twin die?" the little girl's eyes had grown wide. "They're always together!" George winced and turned away, tuning out the rest of the conversation. He had tried to do the usual routine this morning, a Grand Re-Opening — Step right up, folks! Step right up and see the wonders of the new, improved, and historically accurate Reusable Hangman, now complete with Moldy Voldy's very own snake-face — but it simply hadn't felt the same. Fred was the loud one; Fred led the show, and George didn't know how to star in a routine that didn't allow him to finish someone else's sentences. He felt movement beside him and looked up to see Seamus scrambling to his feet on top of the counter. He blinked and opened his mouth to protest, but Seamus had already cast a Sonorus and begun to speak. "Good afternoon,