Elizabeth's POV I was on the set of my newest job. Bonnie and Clyde. It was a new, two part movie, that would be airing on December 8th and 9th. I was playing Pj Lane, a single woman, who was a reporter in Texas, in the 1930's. We were filming the scene where Pj talks to Bonnie as her friend is walking with her. We shot the scene and got it in three takes. I was done for the day and went over to the costume department to change. I kept my hair and makeup because I was going straight to my hotel. I saw Holiday Granger as I was leaving, "Bye Holiday," I said, she looked toward me and smiled, "Bye Elizabeth. See you tomorrow." she said before disappearing around the corner. I got into my car and began the drive to my hotel room. The entire cast was staying at the same hotel, but wouldn't be done their scenes until later tonight. I was driving and saw a huge billboard. It had a huge picture of the Cullen family on it and said, 'twilight forever set, coming to a store near you this November'. I smiled as I saw the picture, with Peter and I in the background with the rest of my friends. I smiled at the thought. I missed everyone, especially Peter. I shook my head clear of these thoughts. I had a boyfriend. Even though I hadn't seen him in the months since I began filming. I was happy that I got a new job, This was the first offer that had come up since I finished with Twilight. But it wasn't the same in a way. I really didn't connect with the cast. Sure we were all friends and we knew each other. But with my Twilight family, we were able to have fun. Here I held myself as the 38 year old adult I was, where as when we were filming Twilight, I was always letting loose on set and acting like a child. Seriously. Here, I actually had to put an effort into looking presentable, when I showed up, only to have my makeup artists and costume person, completely get rid of my hard work so the could get me into character. With Twilight, I showed up in sweats and a t-shirt, no make up, and a messy bun, every morning for shooting. It would take me ten minutes to get ready in the morning. Here it took me an hour. Everyone here on set was so mature and it felt like they never wanted to have fun. Breaks were just spend in the break room, chatting about politics, history, expenses, life. Shit I didn't even care about. Where were the jokes, the laughter, the fun? This was beginning to become boring. I pulled up at my hotel and rushed inside. I fumbled with the key card, but eventually got the door open. I turned on the lights of my presidential suite, an threw my stuff on the floor. "Argh!" I shouted in frustration. This was probably one of the worse jobs I had ever taken. I closed the door and rounded the corner, closing my eyes and taking a deep breath to calm myself. "Like the new do, Pj" . A southern accented voice startled me, and I opened my eyes when I jumped and gasped. I saw someone sitting on the couch, leaning back, looking relaxed. Did my eyes deceive me? Is it really him? My jaw dropped, "Peter!?" I shout in complete surprise and disbelief. I couldn't believe it, "What are you doing here?" I asked, not being able to move. He stood up, "I'm just a fan" he said in the accent again. I chuckled, he was quoting Bonnie. How funny. "Hey Liz" he said, standing up and walking closer. I ran and threw myself into his arms. They wrapped tightly around me. "Peter, I-I just can't believe your here. Why? How?" I asked, not knowing what else to say. he let go of me, "I just missed you, I guess," he said sheepishly, "As for the how. I got a chance to escape from work. So I drove here and your assistant, was leaving the set and she saw me, and gave me room key," he said. I smiled, he was the best. "I'm so happy to se you," I said, "I've missed you so much. I really miss everyone. Have you talked to anyone lately? "Not since we had lunch with Nikki a few weeks ago," he said. "That was to short of a time together. There was so much I wanted to talk about with you," I said. We sat down on the couch. "What about Jamie? How's she been?" I asked, trying to force a smile. I was somewhat upset when I found out Peter had found someone. And I tried to fill the void in my life. That s when I met up with my old friend, Gavin Wiesen. "Well...we, uh." he stuttered. "Peter? What's wrong?" I asked, concerned. "We.. We broke up," he said. My face softened, "Oh, Peter," I said hugging him. He seemed do happy about being with her. "No, it's ok Liz. It's fine. It didn't work out. I'm alright," he reassured me. We sat there for a moment in silence. "What about you? How have you been? he finally asked. I hadn't told him about my boyfriend yet. Well actually no one really knew about me and Gavin yet. "Oh. Well I've been good. I guess you know what I'm currently up too," I said, nudging him playfully on the shoulder. He smiled, "Yeah. I like the hair," he said smiling, gently poking and playing with my curly 1930's updo. I laughed as he did. "Thanks," I said in between giggles. "I'm gonna go shower, and then we can chat for a bit, ok?" I said, "Sure. but hold on a sec," he said. He whipped out his phone and took a picture of me with my curly hair and Pj Lane makeup. I laughed, and rushed off to shower. I cleaned up and washed out the curls. They really get annoying, and they looked ridiculous. I blow dried my hair and let it do the naturally wave I love. I threw on a new set of clothes. Something that wasn't dinghy, but was good enough for hanging out with Peter. I decided to forego the makeup. I walked back into the room and sat down with Peter, on the couch. "So how long are you here?" I asked. He looked up at me, "Two days. Then I have to get back to Hollywood Studio's to finish doing Nurse Jackie," he said. "Did you wanna crash here?" I offered. He looked at me, and I could see him contemplating. "If it's ok with you," he said. I nodded my head. "It'll be fun to see you for a while. It's been so lonely since Twilight," I said. It was true. It's not like Gavin is around enough to keep me company. Hell, I don't even know why I say we're in a relationship. "Well it'll be fun for me too," he said. I smiled. "Hey, Peter? When I came back, you said 'like the new do, Pj'. How did you know about all this?" I asked, curious to find out. He had a nervous and slightly embarrassed look on his face, "Well...I...actually, I've been thinking about coming to see you for a few weeks now, but I had no idea where you were. I got a new phone and didn't have your number. So I did my next best bet and Googled you. Found out you were here, and what you were doing. So I drove up here to surprise you," he said, embarrassed. I looked at him. "Wow. The lengths you will go to see a person," I said sarcastically, and I laughed. He laughed with me. "Yeah." he said, as our laughter faded. "Liz, you know that new Twilight forever DVD set?" he asked. I thought for a moment, remembering the billboard. "Yea," I said, "it comes out in a two weeks and there's a huge get together with the cast. What about it?" I asked. "I was wondering, If your coming, if you would... oh, I don't know...be my date?" he asked, nervously, but with a smile on his face. "Of course," I said, smiling. "I'm gonna be done filming in a week. So I can come," "Good. Where was everyone gonna meet for that?" he asked. "The party is at the Nokia Theater in downtown Hollywood," I said. "It's supposed to be like an area inside where there will be the party, and then like 100 lucky fans get to see the never before seen footage. It sounds like fun." "The Nokia Theater? The same place of the Breaking Dawn Part 2 premiere?" he asked, "Yep, I was surprised to," I said. "So about that date?" "I be at your place at Five," he said. I laughed and said ok. It was quiet between the two of us for several minutes before Peter spoke up "Liz, this isn't the only reason I came to see you," he said. I looked up at him in confusion, "What do you mean? I asked softly. "Liz, I've wanted to tell you something a long time ago, but I neglected to do so," he said. He gently cupped my face in his hands, his thumbs stroking the side of my neck, "I love you," he said, and pulled me in. Our lips touched and I felt everything break free. I kissed him back. When out lips broke, one of his hands fell but the other remained on my face. I was speechless. This couldn't have just happened. "I-I..." I could finish. Peter's other hand fell, "I'm sorry, Elizabeth, I don't know what came over me," He said. The fact that he called me by my full name, was sure sign that I had upset him, by not responding. Peter almost never called me Elizabeth. Always Liz, or on the rare occasion, Lizzie. Peter stood up and left before I could say anything. I sat there in shock. I couldn't believe Peter had just kissed me. He kissed me. And then ran off. Now what? Peter's POV I rushed out of Elizabeth's hotel room as fast as I could. Something had come over me and I had kissed her. She looked at me with a shocked look. I knew she was gonna be mad, so I fled. I could bear to look at her right now. She would hate me, and I probably just destroyed our friendship with my stupid move. I walked around the block several times before the sun had set and I decided I had to go back and apologise to Liz. I used my key card to get back into her hotel room. The lights were off but the TV was on. I closed the door quietly and walked over to the couch. Liz was in her pyjama's, curled up in a ball, fast asleep. There was a play menu on the screen and an empty DVD case on the coffee table. I picked it up and examined it. Nothing. Just a blank, covered case. I picked up the remote and hit play. The video started and I watched this thing, that looked like a bunch of Twilight clips of Carlisle and Esme, And several stills of Lizter fan art. There were several video and picture that Liz had taken on set. Everything had been arranged to play out in this beautiful video. I watched the credits. Liz had made this several days after the last press junket we ever did together. The video was about ten minutes long, and then the play menu came back on the screen. I sat there, just staring into space. Why would she make this? I looked over at