Esme's POV I was in the living room of our family home. Bella, Rosalie, Alice, and Renesmee were decorating our tree. Their mates were sitting on the couch opposite of me, engaged in a conversation. I was flipping through photo albums, filled with picture of our family's previous Christmas' together. Carlisle sat next to me and slipped his arms around my waist. He kissed me on the cheek, and I smiled, "I remember that," he said, pointing to a picture. It was our first Christmas together. Carlisle, Edward, and I were standing in front of the tree that had been in our living room that year. "Yeah," I said, sighing happily and looked up at my girls. Renesmee was trying to reach the top of the tree. Bella lifted her up, and she beamed as she placed the ornament near the top. I closed the album, and looked at my husband. He smiled and kissed me. We broke our kiss at the sound of the front door opening. The scent hit me. Such a foul odor. Jacob was here. He walked in with his arms full of gift. "Merry Christmas. Could some one help me!?" he asked. I stood up and grabbed some of the gifts from him, "Oh, Jacob. You really didn't have to," I said, setting the gifts under the tree. He set the others next to them, and Renesmee jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs around his hips. "Jakey," she said, hugging him tight. "Whoa there Ness! Your getting to big for this," Jake said, setting her down, arms still wrapped around her. She giggled. He was right. It had been a year since the Volturi had permitted Renesmee to live. She now looked like she was sixteen. I smiled at how happy she was. Carlisle wrapped his arms around me, but I somewhat ignored him. Why did our family not seem to be in the Christmas spirit? "Esme, love, What's wrong?" My husbands voice broke through my thoughts. He turned me around in his arms to face him. He tilted my chin up so I would look him in the eyes. "Nothing," I lied. He raised and eyebrow, "Don't lie," he said. I sighed. It was worth the try. "It just doesn't feel like Christmas," I said. Everyone was looking at us now, "What do you mean?" he asked. "I don't know," I admitted. I really didn't. But I knew something was missing. Something that would put me in the holiday spirit, "I just don't have any holiday spirit," I said. He sighed as well, "Just give it time," he said, "it'll come,". We sat back down on the couch together. Emmett picked up the remote, and changed it to a Christmas music channel. I listened/ "Turn that up a bit, Emmett" I said. He did, "What is this song?" He asked. I looked up from the floor, and started to quietly sing the lyrics, I was so quiet, it was almost inaudible to my family's superior hearing. O come, O come, Emmanuel And ransom captive Israel That mourns in lonely exile here Until the Son of God appears Everyone one looked at me. I really hated it when people stared at me, but I raised my voice a little bit as they all smiled at me. Rejoice, rejoice Emmanuel shall come to thee, O Israel Carlisle joined in my singing, and soon we were sing together. His voice was so beautiful I almost forgot to sing. O come, O come, Thou Dayspring bright Pour on our souls Thy healing light Dispel the long night's lingering gloom And pierce the shadows of the tomb Rejoice, rejoice Emmanuel shall come to thee, O Israel Shall come to thee, O Israel O come, desire of nations bind In one the hearts of all mankind Bid every strife and quarrels cease And fill the world with Heaven's peace Rejoice, rejoice Emmanuel shall come to thee Rejoice, rejoice Emmanuel shall come to thee O Israel "Where did you learn to sing like that?" Edward asked. I wasn't sure who he was asking, so I just shrugged. "Well you both have very beautiful singing voices," Rosalie complimented. "Thank you," I said, smiling at her. "You seem happier," Carlisle said. "Or is that just Jasper's doing?" "It ain't me," Jasper said. I looked up at me husband. "I do feel happier. I haven't sang in years. I used to sing with my little sister when we were young." I said, remembering Myself and my sister, Grace, in our home on Christmas. It was a happier time. "How 'bout we all sing a bit?" Rosalie asked. That sounded fun, "That would be fun," Renesmee squealed. "Can I go first?" Rosalie said, quite politely actually. "Sure" Carlisle said. He leaned back and I snuggled into his embrace, his arms wrapping around me. Rosalie stood up in front of everyone. Emmett gave her the remote and she chose a song, singing along. Come, they told me, pa rum pa pum pum A newborn King to see, pa rum pa pum pum Our finest gifts we bring, pa rum pa pum pum To lay before the King, pa rum pa pum pum, Rum pa pum pum, rum pa pum pum So to honor Him, pa rum pa pum pum When we come Little baby, pa rum pa pum pum I am a poor boy too, pa rum pa pum pum I have no gift to bring, pa rum pa pum pum That's fit to give our King, pa rum pa pum pum, Rum pa pum pum, rum pa pum pum Shall I play for You, pa rum pa pum pum On my drum On my drum I play my drum for Him So to honor Him Mary nodded, pa rum pa pum pum The ox and lamb kept time, pa rum pa pum pum I played my drum for Him, pa rum pa pum pum I played my best for Him, pa rum pa pum pum, Rum pa pum pum, rum pa pum pum Then He smiled at me, pa rum pa pum pum Me and my drum When we come Me and my drum Edward stood up and took his place. Singing a wonderful song. There's a star shining bright tonight, on a house filled with candlelight There's a story being told that will never grow old Waiting for Christmas to come. On a blanket of snow outside, people stand and sing O HOLY NIGHT Glowing hearts keep them warm, they've been there all night long. Waiting for Christmas to come. For all the joy that it brings, for the bells that it rings, For the sound of it's pipes and it's drums. For all the peace, hope and love that is spread amongst us. Waiting for Christmas to come. It's a time full of happiness, A time to give, a time not forget. Heavenly voices sing, children sleep on Angel wings. Waiting for Christmas to come. For all the joy that it brings, for the bells that it rings. For the sound of it's pipes and it's drums. For all the peace, hope and love that is spread amongst us. Waiting for Christmas to come. Yeah for every boy and every girl, waiting for Christmas. For everyone around the world, waiting for Christmas. For the child in all of us waiting for Christmas to come. Waiting for Christmas. Waiting for Christmas. There's a star shining bright tonight, waiting for Christmas to come. Edwards song basically reflected our family near the time of Christmas. He bowed as we clapped. Bella kissed him on the cheek, and chose a song for herself. I noticed that outside the window there was a fresh blanket of snow falling. Bella stood up and began to sing. Oh, the weather outside is frightful But the fire is so delightful And since we've no place to go Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow It doesn't show signs of stopping And I brought some corn for popping The lights are turned way down low Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow When we finally kiss good-night How I'll hate going out in the storm But if you really hold me tight All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying And, my dear, we're still good-bye-ing But as long as you love me so Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow When we finally kiss good-night How I'll hate going out in the storm But if you really hold me tight All the way home I'll be warm The fire is slowly dying And, my dear, we're still good-bye-ing But as long as you love me so Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow Have a holly jolly Christmas It's the best time of the year I don't know if there'll be snow But have a cup of cheer Alice jumped up and squealed. "Our turn" she said, dragging Jasper up with her. Have a holly jolly Christmas And when you walk down the street Say hello to friends you know And everyone you meet Oh ho the mistletoe Hung where you can see Somebody waits for you Kiss him once for me Have a holly jolly Christmas And in case you didn't hear Uh by golly have a holly jolly Christmas this year Oh ho the mistletoe Hung where you can see Somebody waits for you Kiss him once for me Have a holly jolly Christmas And in case you didn't hear Uh by golly have a holly jolly Christmas this year Their song was very upbeat and happy. It really lifted my spirit quite a bit. Alice was beaming by the time the finished singing. Jasper had a somewhat embarrassed grin on his face. I looked over to see Emmett with his video camera out. "Emmett!" I said with disbelief. "How long have you been filming?" I asked. "This entire time" he said with a laugh, pointing the camera at me. I gave the camera a dramatic look of disapproval, so he would remember he was going to be in trouble. Alice handed the remote to Emmett but he shook his head, "No way!" "Fine then" she said and handed it to Carlisle. He sheepishly grinned, and stood up, but didn't search for a song. Instead he looked over at Edward, "Edward? Do you mind?" he asked, gesturing to the piano. Edward sat down at the piano, "Certainly Father," he said. Father? Edward almost never called Carlisle 'father' unless it was for an act. What were they up too? Carlisle leaned up against the piano and looked me deep in the eyes. He smiled, so sweetly it made my heart melt. Edward began to play a slow and gently melody as My husband sang, his eyes never leaving mine. I'll be home for Christmas You can count on me Please have snow and mistletoe And presents under the tree Christmas Eve will find me Where the love light beams I'll be home for Christmas If only in my dreams Christmas Eve will find me Where the love light beams I'll be home for Christmas If only in my dreams If only in my dreams I'll be home for Christmas You can plan on me Please have snow and mistletoe And presents under the tree Christmas Eve will find me Where the love light beams I'll be home for Christmas If only in my dreams Christmas Eve will find me Where the love light beams I'll be home for Christmas If only in my dreams If only in my dreams He had just barely finished singing and my lips were pressed against his. Edward cleared his throat, and I broke away from my husbands lips. "That was for you," he said sweetly, "Thank you," I said. I let go of him and he sat down, "I have something for you too," I said. I looked at Jasper, who