Author's Note: This story was previously entitled "Forever". I took a three-year hiatus because I realized that, being fourteen, I couldn't write a love story from the eyes of a teenage girl. I've grown up a lot since then, and so has my writing. I bumped up the rating and have made a lot of changes. The story is more mature now. My apologies to former readers that prefer the way the story was before. I decided to beef up Renesmee's character development. Since becoming (gasp) a feminist, I've realized there should be more to a girl's character than who she loves. Ness is smart and funny and profound. I want to portray that. This story is still a love story about Ness & Jake, but I've added a few sub-plots. I really hope you guys like it. I've spent weeks editing this (and laughing at my old writing). The first chapter especially is my baby. My masterpiece. It's a whopping 15 pages, and much longer than the average chapter will be. If you have any questions or comments feel free to leave me a message! Much love, xoxo. 3 He chased me down the beach. The sun shined and my skin glowed. Literally. Those who shared my special eyesight could see the faint glimmers of light bouncing off of my body. He bent over and splashed me with the water that dances along the shoreline. I squealed like a little girl and ran faster. By now, you must be wondering who "He" is. To people who know me, it's completely obvious who "He" is. "He" is the only boy in the world. "He" is Jacob. "I" am Renesmee Cullen, a.k.a. Nessie, as in "Loch Ness Monster". Don't let the nickname fool you though- I'm an angel. "Get ready for the beating of a lifetime!" Jacob exclaimed. I screamed and ran in the opposite direction- which happened to be up the dock leading to the ocean. Damn. There was only one thing left to do. "Stop! I surrender!" I said, putting my hands up like a criminal caught by the authorities. Jacob raised a skeptical eyebrow. "I don't trust you…" "I'm not lying," I pleaded, " Pinky swear?" I stuck my right pinky out and he reluctantly hooked his pinky with mine, hesitant due to the fact that I had rarely allowed physical contact between us in the last year. My "gift" makes it hard to touch him without revealing my feelings, so- as much as it killed me- I'd been trying to put more distance between us. I ignored the electric shocks that ricocheted though my body and twisted my right hand around to grab hold of his. Then I used my left hand to grab hold of his upper arm and flipped him off the dock and into the ocean. The move was so quick that normal humans wouldn't have been able to see it. Jacob and I aren't normal, though. "Nessie!" Jacob screamed with a vengeance. "Yes?" I answered, in my sugar-sweet voice. "You're so gonna pay for that." "It's your fault. You know I hate being chased. This is why I sit out of tag. Now come on. You smell like a wet dog." I said, stretching out my hand and helping him back onto the dock. He didn't really smell like a wet dog. To be truthful, Jake smelled like almonds drizzled in dark chocolate. Everybody says that he actually smells like earth- or a dog, depending on who's telling me. But, everybody's wrong. Jake smells sweet and rich. Jake smells delicious. Mouth-watering. As he stripped off his shirt to wring the water out, my train of thought crashed and incinerated. All I could focus on were the way his muscles flexed and contracted with every movement of his arms. Jake was indeed, a damn fine specimen. He shook his head back and forth, ironically enough mirroring the habits of a dog. His hair fell into his eyes as he look up at me and grinned. Jacob Black is every girl's wet dream. I must've stared at him too long, because his mischievous smile turned to one of slight confusion as he cocked his head slightly. Just like a dog. God, he was adorable. I wanted him in my bed. Like, ten minutes ago. I shook my head, trying to snap myself out of it. I'd been in love with Jake for two years, and it never got any easier. "Let's go back," I said, nodding in the direction we came from. He smiled and started to walk with me. I noticed him looking at me, and I smiled at him. He looked away, but brushed his hand against mine. I could tell that it was an invitation to hold hands. I didn't take it. If Jake accidentally got a peak of what was in my head, I'd probably die. We made small talk for a few minutes before his phone rang. I peaked over at who it was. Jessica. I snorted. Ugh. Ever since we bumped into her during our trip to Seattle two weeks ago, she'd kept trying to call him. She only got his phone number because she refused to leave us alone until she got it. Omigod, Jake! It's been, what, five years? Six? You look great. We should totally catch up some time. Meanwhile, she'd eyed me like I was the spawn of Satan. (Jacob sometimes jokes that I am.) She looked me up and down in a combination of jealousy and disapproval. Jake had laughed to my parents about it, and they all seemed to think it was the funniest shit ever. My dad directed a secretive smirk at me when he heard me think about what I'd do to Jessica if I ever saw her again. Jake shot me a look and hit "ignore" on his phone. I knew she irritated the crap out of him, had since he first met her. But I was still rubbed the wrong way. Honestly, I instantly hated any girl that displayed an interest in Jake. He was my Jacob. "You shouldn't ignore your girlfriend, Jake," I jabbed, hoping sarcasm would cover up how jealous and pissed off Jessica's persistent advances made me. He groaned. "Only in my nightmares would I date Jessica. She's not my type. At all." "Then," I pressed. "What is your type?" "A girl without that two-faced shit, that's for sure. Someone who's honest, even if it hurts." Check. "And," I pressed further. "Smart. Funny," He listed. Double check. "And sweet." I deflated. I was most definitely not sweet. In fact, I was the most cynical person I knew. I can and will poke fun at anything. "Being sweet is overrated," I muttered bitterly. "Totally isn't," he protested. "I love when girls play nice." I crossed my arms and shot a look at him. He liked sweet girls? Well, I'd just have show him how sugary sweet I was. And pouting probably wasn't helping. I quickly uncrossed my arms and smiled. I could play this game. "Yeah, I can see what you're saying." He raised an eyebrow, shocked. I never let him win that easily. I could tell he expected a full on debate was to whether sugar, spice, and everything nice was really the way to go. "That's because I'm always right," Jake said, baiting me. My smile widened as I nodded in agreement. "You are super smart Jake," I giggled, just barely managing to keep the sarcasm out of my voice. He smirked, having caught on to the game. "I guess I am, Ness." I almost rolled my eyes. Being nice is hard. When we finally made it back to the campsite, Jake's pack was gathered in a circle talking. They cheered as Jake and I drew closer, seeing Jake's damp clothes and hair and assuming I'd won. Which was true. Because I always win. "Wow, Ness. You showed Jake, huh," Quil joked. "I shouldn't have pushed him into the water," I fake-fretted. "More like threw me into the water," Jake muttered. "I think I went a little overboard," I said. "It looks like Jake's the one that went overboard to me," Embry laughed. Quil chuckled in response and I had to hold back a grin. "So," I asked brightly. "Who wants food?" This is the fastest way to make a pack of werewolves follow you. We all crowded into Billy's house, and the wolves waited in the living room while I got started in the kitchen. Seth and Jake followed me, Jake taking a stool while Seth moved to help me cook. Seth and I made a good team. Seth did the cutting and seasoning while I worked on the stove. We made burgers. There were about two dozen of them and six pounds of fries, and I still wondered if it was enough to feed the whole pack. Jake's pack now consisted of 6 members: Seth, Leah, Quil, Embry, Jared, and- of course- Jake. Jared switched over two years ago after a falling out with Sam. Recent tension within Sam's pack has a few of the wolves speculating that the packs will merge, and Jake will lead them all. I know that the idea scares the hell out of Jake. He never asked to be a leader. No matter how trustworthy and reliable he is, he always feels like he's fucking up and letting everyone down. We don't talk about it, but I know he worries. It's the only subject that Jake refuses to talk to me about. Well, that and his love life, which is a whole other kind of taboo between us. Jake and I talked about everything except feelings. I've always vaguely wondered if Jake is hiding something from me, but I doubted that my issues with verbally expressing myself helped with the whole "sharing is caring" thing. When the food was done, I called everyone in. The burgers were very much appreciated. And devoured. The food was gone within the hour, and afterwards everyone sat around watching football. The table was covered in plates, and just as I started gathering them up, Seth offered to help wash the dishes. I promptly ran up to him and showered his face in kisses. Everyone laughed. Well, everyone except Jake, who probably realized he was losing this game. I was sweet as pie. I hadn't made a single joke at anyone's expense all night. Not even when Leah and Quil started poking fun at Jared. I so badly wanted to join in. But I was sweet, so I couldn't. God, being nice sucked. Seth and I laughed and carried on as we did the dishes. It somehow escalated to a soapy dishwater fight, bubbles flying everywhere. Seth began chasing me around with an engorged sponge. I was about to pass the kitchen's threshold when I smacked square into Jacob's chest. I looked up, expecting to find Jacob's typical lopsided grin. Instead, he looked… angry? No, that wasn't quite it. If it was anyone else, I would've called it jealousy. I wished it was jealousy. But I'd never seen Jake jealous before, and I had no clue what he'd be jealous of. Jake made it clear that he saw me as a little sister-type, and Seth and I hadn't been doing anything scandalous. Was I not paying enough attention to Jake? Did he feel left out? "Jake, what-" "What're you doing?" Jake's tone was accusatory. Seth shrank back behind me. As if we'd been caught with our hands in the cookie jar. Even though we were just messing around, same as always. But the way Jake glared at Seth put me on edge, and I was getting pissed. "We were doing dishes, Jake. What's your problem?" "This," he pointed to my now soaked shirt. "does not look like washing dishes." "This is how Seth and I do dishes. If you wanted us to do it your way, you should offered to help," I retorted