So my best friend Amber and I have been challenging each other to write one shots based on characters we normally would not put together. I have normally stuck to canon pairings when it comes to twilight so this is pretty new. I hope you all enjoy this little one shot. Warning sad ending Present Day "Describe your love life in one word Miss Swan." Doctor Reeves my therapist said as I sat down for our weekly session. "Complicated." I answered. "And why is it complicated?" "That goes beyond the one word." I replied. He gave me a look which told me he knew I was just avoiding the questions. We went over the same things each and every time I came her. He would ask me about my friends and family and the man I loved with all my heart. But as much as I wanted and needed to talk about it all I just couldn't give up the secret that I would take to the grave. "Why is it complicated Miss Swan?" "Because I love the wrong men, I always have." "What makes them wrong?" He questioned. "Everyone I love dies." . . . . Four Years Ago "You will get over that leech Bell's I promise." Jacob said from his spot next to me on the sand at first beach. "Just give it some time." "I can't tell if this is better or not." I admitted. "If I would have rather had him just leave me for good and never come back. But this, death. Is death real un changeable death really better?" "I don't know much about Edward Cullen or his life before he was a vampire but perhaps he is in a better place with his biological family." Embry Call Jacob's best friend and potential half-brother said sitting on my other side. "When did you get so wise?" I asked in a half joke. "I have always been this wise Bella you just never noticed." The way he spoke seemed like a joke but deep down I could see and hear how serious he actually was. His deep russet skin look darker than normal as the sun began to set on the horizon. His brown eyes were looking at me intently and I never noticed before now how handsome he really is. "Right." A few weeks went by and I spent more and more time at Emily and Sam's house. The pack had become this second family for me, one that I hoped to never lose. The sun was high in the sky and actually shining today so I took the chance to spend some time outdoors. Some days I really regretted leaving Arizona and my mom. I miss the sun more than anything in the world. "What are you doing?" Embry's voice sounded from behind me. I jumped high and spun around startled. "What?" "You were standing here with your face pointed up and your eyes closed. Are you alright?" "Oh um yeah. I just um miss the sun you know. It rains so much here." I stumbled on my words like an idiot. After spending so much time with the pack I had started to notice myself getting nervous around him, my palms would sweat and my heart would speed up. It's ridiculous but I can't seem to stop it. He chuckled, his hand running over the back of his neck. "Yeah." He looked away towards the woods. "I don't have patrol today, wanna go for a hike?" "Sure." I said faster than I should have. Now he is going to know I want to spend time with him. "Want me to get Jake to go too?" "No that's fine, he is busy with Leah today." I told him as the memories of my last conversation with Jake filtered into my mind. "Let's go." I said walking towards the forest edge. We walked along in silence for a while neither really knowing what to say. The silence wasn't awkward though it was comfortable which was nice. The wind whistled through the trees and the birds were chirping up above us. It was the epitome of peaceful. He finally decided to break the silence. "Bella?" "Yeah?" I replied. "I have to tell you something. I don't know if you have figured it out or if you somehow just know but…" "Whatever it is you can tell me Embry." I said hoping he would just spit whatever it is out and we could move forward with a conversation. "Did Jake tell you all about the wolf stuff?" "I was at the camp fire and heard stories and he mentioned once about imprinting or something. I don't know he doesn't talk to me about it much since I'm not one of you." "Except you are." "I'm pretty sure I am as pale as they come for a human. No way am I part of the tribe." I explained still confused. "Well yeah that's true but what I mean is if a person is imprinted on then they become a part of the group that way. Like officially part of the group." "Someone imprinted on me?" "Yes." He stated. "Well who and how come no one told me." "I'm telling you now. I didn't want to before and I am so sorry it has to come out like this. It's weird right. Totally weird." "It makes sense now that I think about it." I responded. My head was swimming with thoughts as I replayed the last few months in my head. The first time I had ever seen Embry had been a normal day and nothing strange happened. Even the next few times was nothing and then his hair had been cut and he had changed, he had become a wolf. Even though I was still with Edward and they helped the Cullen's fight off Victoria I still saw him more clearly and the need to be around Edward all the time had faded a considerable amount. Even after his death at the hands of the Volturi I didn't feel as deep a loss as I should have considering how much I had loved him. When the other Cullen's left town I thought I would be devastated again only this time I realized somewhere deep inside myself that I wasn't really losing out on anything. I still had people I loved and cared for and who would be around for as long as me. "It does?" "Well yeah." I moved closer towards him, standing on my tip toes I gently placed my lips on his in a sweet soft kiss. It didn't turn hungry and desperate and I didn't fear for my life like I once did. "Why did you keep it from me?" I asked pulling back to look him in the eyes. Brown eyes met brown eyes and a smile spread on my face. "I guess I was scared of your reaction." "Was it as scary as you thought it would be?" "No it was way better than I thought." He said smiling at me. "So much better. The others told me you wouldn't freak out but I didn't believe them." "Well Sam seems to be all knowing so you should always listen to him." . . . . One Year Ago "Embry hurry up or we are going to be late." I yelled up the stairs in our little house on the reservation. After the initial shock of finding out we were meant to be together, Embry and I became inseparable. After graduating high school with my friends in Forks I moved from my dad's house to this cute little two story two bedroom house that Embry and the others built on the back of Sam's land. This way we were always close at hand when wolf business comes up. My dad was more than happy to have me living with Embry and being on the reservation then he ever was when I was with Edward and looking back on my life I understand it more clearly now. "I'm hurrying as fast as I can Bella." "My dad is getting married this is a big deal." He rounded the corner into the main foyer area and took one look at me in my bridesmaid dress. The shimmering blue material made me look like a mermaid which was apparently a good thing. "You look…" He started. "Not enough words to describe how amazing you look Bella." "Thanks you clean up well yourself." I giggled going in for a quick kiss. "Now let's go or we will be late." The drive didn't take too long as my dad and his new soon to be wife Sue Clearwater were getting married at first beach. It took my dad a long time to get over my mom but I am glad he has finally found someone. A woman who has always been good to him and who he has been friends with for a long time. When her husband died it was a tragedy that struck everyone on the reservation. With time she finally grew to love my father as more than a friend. We made it to the beach with plenty of time which of course Embry had no problem teasing me about. "So looks like we will be sisters after today." Leah said as Jake and she approached us. "Yeah but I thought we already kind of were." I laughed. "Does Sue need help?" "Yes I was sent to find you." She moved to head back towards where her mom was getting ready the same blue dress I wore adorned her body as well only she had way more curves to fill it out. "Hi Sue… Oh you look amazing." I said to my future mother-in-law. "Hi dear, how is it out there?" "Everything is great." "Shall we get this party started?" She asked heading for the door. The music began to play and I walked out with Leah behind me and then Sue. I looked up at my dad's face, a happiness I had never seen from him glowed from within him. The wedding itself was quick and beautiful, the rain stayed at bay and the waves lapped at the shore lazily. The reception was being held under a tent on the beach, keeping everyone close at hand for the whole day. Embry caught my hand and spun me around, making me giggle in surprise and delight. "Today was pretty great." He told me. "Yeah it was and my dad looks so happy." I said looking over to my smiling father with his new bride. "Makes me think about getting married someday." I said before I had time to stop myself. "You wanna get married?" "Not right now, maybe in a few years or something." "What do you want in the future Bella?" "Like kids and stuff?" "Yeah?" He replied. I looked back at him to think for a moment. "Someday kids would be nice I think I never really gave them much thought." I explained. "What do you want?" "Everything. I want to marry you and have a family with you. I want us to grow old and die together." "How very notebook of you." "Bella." He groaned, his face frowned before he revealed a sweet smile. "But before all of that I want to learn the truth." "About what?" "My father." . . . . Six Months Ago "Stop trying to figure it out Embry, I won't give it up." Tiffany Call said as we sat around her kitchen table trying to get the info from her about his father. "Mom I deserve to know. I deserve to know not only for me but for my future children." "Don't play that card young man." "Mother please just give up this secret. The only one who has a wife right now if Quill Sr. He is the only one that this would cause a problem for." "Fine." She started. "I will tell you that