Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of the characters herein the following story. Stephanie Meyer is the owner. I made up Monroe TN. In case you don't know how to pronounce the name like me, Siobhan is pronounced (Shiv-on) Hence the nickname Shiv. And yes I learned that from the CW's Ringer. FIRE Fire is bright, Fire can light, Rule the world in eternal flame. Fire is destructive, Fire is legendary, Fire is the world's worst sorrow. Fire is love, Fire is hate, Fire is within everything. Poem Written by: Brandon Cole found on Fire it burns, it runs rapid, it takes no mercy on those in its path. It takes down, buildings, belongings, pets, and people. Three days ago fire took my world and burned it to the ground. My name is Emmett McCarty, I am from a small town called Monroe Tennessee, my town is nestled into a valley in the Appalachian Mountains. My mother Emily was an elementary teacher at the local school while my father was the foreman at the local lumber yard. A few punks who always spent their time hanging out in the old section of the yard were smoking a couple joints when a spark flew out and landed on some dry wood. It all happened so fast after that. According to the police it spread into the main lumber yard before anyone caught it. Six workers including my father were trapped inside one of the buildings. Before long it spread through the woods and into the shopping center in town. The school was next. Six students and three teachers were caught inside a classroom unknowingly. My mother was among them. When the chief came to tell me I didn't know what to do. So I sat on the couch in my family's living room for what felt like days. I then had no choice, I am sixteen years old. I had to call the only family I have. My aunt Esme. So here I am sitting at the airport in Nashville waiting to board my flight to Seattle Washington and then on to Port Angeles. My aunt is picking me up there to drive me down to Forks, which is where she lives with her husband and their two kids whom I have never met. In fact I have only ever met my aunt once when she came to visit my grandmother days before she passed away. To say I am not looking forward to this move is an understatement. My stuff was shipped yesterday and should be arriving by the weekend. Esme wanted to come help me at the house but I told her, no begged her not to come all the way down to Tennessee. I didn't want her to witness me breaking it off with Siobhan my girlfriend of the past two and a half years. Our moms used to joke about us getting married when we got older. We would always roll our eyes and laugh at them. I love her, I can't see that changing ever. My best friend Liam now that was a hard goodbye. We have been best friends since before we can remember. His mom was with mine when the fire reached them. His father however was out of town on business and flew back as soon as he got word of what happened. Liam insisted on driving me to the airport but I couldn't let him do that so I had his father drive me in. I reached inside my backpack and pulled out a picture frame that I refused to put in a box and send on its way. Lucky for me the security guys let me keep it. I stared down at the smiling faces of my parents, Shiv and her parents and Liam and his parents. It was a summer barbeque that we had three months ago. I was really happy then. "Now boarding flight 342 to Seattle." The lady at the desk announced. I stuffed the frame back in my backpack and stood to get on my flight. I looked out the large window and said goodbye to the great state of Tennessee. I landed in Port Angeles to learn that it was raining outside. I had heard my aunt telling my mom about all the rain but I didn't really think it was that bad. Now I'm pretty sure she was telling the truth. I looked around the not so crowded airport and spotted a small woman with caramel colored hair. Her heart shaped face looked serious as she moved her thumbs at the speed of light across her expensive looking cell phone. I knew the moment I saw her that she was my aunt. I only recognized her from the photo my mom kept. She looked up and scanned the room. I waved slightly as I walked over. "Hey." I said as she embraced me in a very tight hug for someone her size. "How are you holding up?" She questioned me that look on her face softening slightly. I shrugged as a response. "Can we get out of here?" "Yes, of course. Food, what would you like to eat?" She asked. "Whatever you want is ok with me." "No no, we are going to get something, what is your favorite place to eat that's country wide?" My aunt said looking at me with curiosity. "Well I like anything. Food is food." I told her with a grin. "Well then let's get food." She drove for about 10 minutes, we pulled into a small diner on the boardwalk. It looked like it was trying to be a Denny's or something. As we sat at a booth in the corner I couldn't help but imagine what my mom would say if she saw this place. She would probably laugh at how hard it was trying to be like all the big name diners. My dad would have just smiled at her antics and looked over the menu. When I thought of what Siobhan would say tears formed in my eyes. I brushed my hand over them to keep my aunt from seeing. No luck on that front. "Are you alright Emmett?" she questioned. "Yeah, I'm just thinking about what my parents would say about this place." "Your mom loved these places when she was younger. Charleston is full of them." She told me with a slight smile. The look on her face said she was thinking back to a time when her and my mother were younger. "You know she once wanted to own her own little diner, that is until she found her love for teaching." "How did she get into teaching?" I asked. "In senior year she was hired to tutor this boy Rodger in all of his subjects because he was all about football and learning wasn't something he was all that interested in, she realized that she loved the satisfaction of helping someone pass a class." "Rodger, that was my dad's name." I stated. "Yes, they met in Junior High, he was a big football star and she was outspoken and very much into hanging in the library after school. Emily was sweet on him but he never knew. Well not until after she helped him pass school. As a spur of the moment joyous thing he kissed her when his grades arrived. He asked her to prom and she accepted. They were inseparable after that." Esme told me. "How did we end up in Tennessee instead of Charleston?" "Emily left your father to help me escape from a very abusive marriage arranged by your grandfather. Our father told her that if he ever saw her again he would kill her…" "Wait why would he do that?" "Because she took my side and we became traitors to him, he took it as a big betrayal to the family. When your father found out what happened and realized he would never see his Emily again he went out in search for her. When he found her in New York he proposed. By that time I had found Carlisle and he was very nice to me, still is. I told her to go live a life with him the way she wanted. Your parents made friends when they stopped in Monroe, so they stayed. Your grandfather eventually died and your grandmother found Emily and moved in with you. The rest I'm sure you remember." She finished. We ordered our lunch and before long the food had arrived. I scarfed it down like I hadn't eaten in months. When we finished we made our way back to my aunts very small Mercedes. The drive down to forks was spent in silence. I began to process everything that my aunt had told me about my parents. Stuff they never mentioned to me. As we pulled into the long drive way my aunt began to fill me in on a few more things. "Alright so your parents lawyer is going to be here next week to go over a few things with you. Also I told them not to but just in case be prepared for a small party my daughter Alice is a bit eccentric. Edward will probably be in his room avoiding people, his girlfriend Tanya went missing six months ago and hasn't been seen since." "I really don't want a party." "I know." We climbed out of the car and made our way to the front door of the gigantic house, the entire wall seemed to be made out of glass. The door opened slowly revealing a very blonde man in a sweater vest. "Sweetheart welcome home." He said as he hugged my Aunt. He must be Carlisle. "You must be Emmett, welcome." He told me as he grabbed my hand in a firm hand shake. "Thank you." "No parties?" Esme asked concerned. "None, I managed to stop her in her tracks this afternoon, I had Rosalie keep her from doing anything." Carlisle mentioned. "Oh good, is she here still?" Esme asked as we made our way up a flight of stairs. "Yes, see for yourself." We walked into the giant living room to see a small brunette with pixie like hair tied to a kitchen chair with scarves. I wasn't sure what to think about what I saw. "Oh my, did she…?" "Yes she did." Just then a stunning tall blonde girl who looked to be my age came into the room with a glass of water. The smaller girl was trying to break free. "Rosalie, dear why did you tie her up?" "Oh hello Esme, she was trying to escape and Carlisle told me that under no circumstance was Ali to throw a party for your nephew, so I did all I could to keep her from going behind everyone's back." She looked at me with a soft smile before continuing. "I don't know why she isn't allowed to throw you a party but I do hope you like it here. Well I guess I should get going, um Edward is in his room listening to air supply again." "Thank you Rose, will we see you and Jasper tomorrow at the reception?" "Me yes, Jasper I doubt it, he hates parties." She replied. She swept gracefully out of the room. Carlisle went over to unite is daughter. She practically danced over and tried to wrap her tiny arms around me "I am so happy to meet you and I am glad you're here I mean I don't like why but I am happy to meet you." She stumbled out rather quickly. Her face stretched widely in a smile. "Thanks." I replied steadily. "I will show you to your room Emmett, I think you are gonna love it. I do hope you like football I needed a theme and I figured football would be the easiest. I didn't go little boy football I tried to make it teenager appropriate." She rambled on as