This is pretty much PWP but I'll never get enough of these two and workshop sex. Please review, I love hearing from anyone reading, and I could really use the feedback, especially as writing sex is so different from most other writing. Thanks for reading! The walk from the train to the Victor Village always seemed longest when they were the most eager to be home. Beetee handed Wiress the bag he had been carrying for her. "I'll drop my stuff at my place." She gripped his hand, just above the wrist. "No, stay with me, please?" He nodded, following her into her house. "Sure." He didn't want to be alone either. He always preferred being with his partner. Beetee dropped his bag next to where Wiress had thrown hers. She went from room to room, opening the windows, letting in the chilly breeze. "It's so stale in here," she wrinkled her nose. "We need the air." "We were only gone for a few days." "It was a whole week," she frowned. "I hated every minute of it." This had been a tame Capitol visit, as those went. They had been guests at a house party, Wiress came in on the host's arm and they were both forced to speak to and be nice to some rather horrid people, but there was no violence and no sex, nothing to keep either of them up at night with weeping or bad dreams. It had just been boring. With all of the windows open, Wiress flung open the door to their shared workshop, her lips opening into a grin as she stepped into the dark space. "We're finally home," she breathed happily. Beetee leaned against the doorframe, watching her as she ran her hands over the tables, straightened some of their containers, just fussing contentedly. "You're happiest here, aren't you?" He couldn't keep the fondness off his face, smiling at her back as she dug through a bin of parts, looking for who-knows-what. "Of course," her voice came back muffled. She held some clockwork out into a square of ambient light filtering in from the window. "Don't you want the light on?" he called to her, gesturing to the switch by his head. "Whatever," she called back, grinning over her shoulder at him. "I could find my way in here blindfolded, probably. This is my home." He reached for the light anyway. "I love that about you," he said, flicking up the switch in time to illuminate Wiress' slightly shocked face and to realize what he said. He could probably smooth this over quickly, they might never actually say it, but it was obvious how much they cared about each other. A brotherly kiss on the forehead and a quick change of subject would make things exactly as they were. He just didn't really want that. He might as well take it further. He crossed the workshop to stand beside her, to cover her hand on the tabletop with his. "I love a lot of things about you, Wire." There. Out in the open. He loved her. He wasn't exactly prepared for her leaning up onto her tippytoes to kiss him. He kissed back gently, letting her control the pressure, letting her part her lips and deepen the kiss. They had chemistry, there was no doubt about it, he could feel that fizz in his blood, the hum of his skin where she touched him. "I wondered when you would say it," Wiress smiled up at him sweetly. He brushed his thumb against her soft cheek. "If you knew, and you felt something, why didn't you say anything?" She shrugged. "We had time. You were already loving me and I was already loving you. It didn't really matter if we said it." "That's only partially true," Beetee protested teasingly, pressing a kiss to the side of her face. "We weren't kissing before. We lost valuable kissing time." She laughed, stealing her own sweet kiss from him. "We have that now." Even when she wasn't outright smiling, the corners of her mouth quirked up, unable to disguise her happiness. Beetee swallowed, trying to squash the pinpricks of desire he felt on his skin, trying to keep himself from rushing things. "We have time and opportunity now," Beetee agreed, "to love each other and be romantic." Wiress raised her eyebrow at his word choice. "Sexual," she suggested instead. "Well, both, I suppose." Beetee had to remind himself to breathe. For some reason, the jump from their friendship to kissing had seemed natural, but the jump from kissing to sex had been larger than he had dreamed of making this soon. Neither of them were virgins, the Capitol had seen to that, and they each had contraceptive shots, also thanks to the Capitol. His mind raced to come up with a reason why they should wait, but he thought of nothing. He wanted her so much. "I can see you…" Wiress' voice drifted off, but she tapped his forehead, indicating what she meant. "Thinking," he finished. "Yes. I'm over-thinking it, actually. Because I want you and you want me," he paused for her nod of confirmation, "and I think I'm just plain scared." "Shouldn't be." Wiress snuggled her body closer to his, a look of loving concern on her face. "Nothing to be scared of." She brought her hips to his, putting exquisite pressure right at his erection. She closed her eyes for a moment, enjoying. "You couldn't mess this up. I couldn't either." Her hands were so warm on his arms, rubbing away the prickles on his skin from the chilly air. "We could go to my bedroom," he offered, gesturing across the shop to the door to his house. He didn't want to let go of her long enough for them to make it, but he could . Wiress shook her head. "No, here. This is our…" "Our space," he finished. "Yeah, it is." Wiress bent her head to kiss his neck and jaw. She smiled and made an appreciative noise as she ran her hands over his chest, even over his shirt. It eased his self-consciousness a bit. He wanted Wiress to like the way he looked and felt. He found her so gorgeous, it wouldn't be fair otherwise. Beetee knew perfectly well what he looked like, that he wasn't at all handsome by Capitol standards, and still only average by those of District 3. He knew he had a lot to offer Wiress; love, companionship, intelligence, humor. He just also wanted her to find him attractive. He wasn't muscular. What he was was thin and angular. He knew that his hip bones jutted out sharply and his shoulders practically came to points. His arms had wiry strength but that was just from lifting heavy things in the workshop. Wiress ran her hands down his arms, resting on the backs of his hands, leading them to her hips. He watched her face carefully, looking for any evidence of disgust or disappointment as she touched him. She chuckled as they knocked knees, adjusted her stance so he was holding her tightly. "You're still thinking." She poked his nose, "Over-thinking." "I'm sorry." She shook her head. "Don't apologize, let's fix it instead." She toyed with the top button on his shirt, her fingers skimming his bare skin above the collar, the delicate pulse points at his throat. "Do you find me attractive?" He practically whispered. It was a silly fear and he felt somewhat ashamed just admitting it. Wiress tilted her head, trying to read his face, see if it was a simple yes or no question of if there was more there that he wasn't willing to say. "Yes." She touched his face, trailing her fingers along his jaw line. "Can't you see it?" He shook his head, already more comfortable with her. "Your eyes. They sparkle." Beetee opened his mouth to protest but she pressed one finger to his lips, shushing him. "I like your glasses." He smiled. "Okay." "Your long fingers." Wiress took his hand, turning it so she could twine her fingers with his. She brought their joined hands to her mouth, pressing a kiss to the pad of each of his fingers. "My fingers." Beetee raised his eyebrows. "Because you're extrapolating?" Wiress laughed. "No. Although they do seem skilled…" She smirked. "I like your hair." "My hair? " Beetee chuckled. "I've definitely never gotten that before. I can't do anything with it." Wiress shrugged, smiling. "There's a bit that always falls in your face. Then I get to brush it back, giving me a good excuse to touch you." Beetee flushed. "You don't need an excuse," he said softly. "Not anymore," she agreed. He touched her gently, reverently. He trailed his fingertips over her arms and nuzzled his face in her neck. She whispered his name. He moved slowly, unsure of himself and her desire. When his gaze reached her face, he found her expression open and happy. She wanted him to be comfortable, wanted him to feel secure in her affections. He couldn't help but smile back at her, stronger than before. His fears seemed silly, now. Beetee delicately cupped her jaw with his hands, tilting her face to meet his in a kiss. Wiress kissed him back less delicately, capturing his lower lip softly between her teeth, mussing his hair with her hands. "I'm so turned on, Bee," she whispered in his ear. When they parted, she was beaming with joy. She laughed as she pulled her sweater off, inside out, over her head. Shirt next, then she unzipped and shimmied out of her skirt. Beetee was still undoing the buttons of his shirt as she rolled down her leggings. "My hands are shaking and these are small buttons," he defended himself, chuckling. Wiress watched him undress, hands on her hips. Her underwear set was not the practical bits of cotton he was expecting. They were black, with lace at the hips and on the cups of the bra. He would guess that they were the only pretty Capitol items she owned. "Hurry!" she teased him with a laugh. He scrambled out of his remaining clothes, kicking his shoes away from them, reaching for Wiress' slim form before he even heard where they landed. She practically threw herself into his arms, kissing along his collarbone, touching his back and chest and arms and shoulders. He laid his hands along the small of her back, wondering at how easily they spanned it. She rubbed against him, an odd but wonderful feeling since he was naked and she was not, his hard cock pressed against lace. He stroked her back, his rough fingertips against her smooth skin, pausing at the closure on her bra, asking for permission to remove it. "Yes," she breathed into his neck. He unclasped it and slid the straps down her narrow shoulders. She shivered as he traced the length of her spine, hands on her now fully bare back. Together, they moved until the table hit the backs of Wiress' thighs. He helped her hop slightly to sit on top. She was breathing fast from excitement, lifted her hips as he ran his fingers under her lingerie and pulled them down. He removed it completely as he sank to his knees before her, onto the pile of their discarded clothes. He surprised her by first paying attention to her feet, running his hands along her ankles and up her calves. He was warm and solid and comfortable; easy to trust, easy to love. At her knees, Beetee kissed the top of each thigh, Wiress' legs drifting apart automatically for him to settle between. He kissed her inner thighs, leading up to her pubic bone and hip bones, his warm hands covering them and rubbing away the goose bumps from the cooler air. She shifted her hips closer to the edge of the table, asking him, wordlessly, to get on with it. "Impatient," Beetee chided