This story is a bit of an odd duck. I think it was the first Beetee/Wiress story I even began. So there are little details I stole for other stories, but mostly this belongs on its own. Please review, or leave any type of message! I really love getting feedback. He's not mentally present at the reaping. He's not aware of the slightest thing that happens. Instead, he's staring out at the crowd, looking at the face of every child and seeing the millions of ways they could die in the arena. After, when he comes to his senses, he notices the girl on stage. She's shaking but her face is strong. He vaguely recognizes her from around the district, but his only real thought is how beautiful she is and how likely it is that she will die. He is glad that they've agreed to let him wait another year before he begins to mentor. Her name is Wiress, and he doesn't think he can handle watching her be killed. He watches the parade in the town square, and everyone gasps as the chariot comes into view. Wiress looks like a queen, stoic and calm. Her long gown and headdress would look silly on anyone else, but she holds her head up high and she looks like she belongs. Beetee doesn't tear his eyes off her for a moment. He couldn't tell you what her district partner was wearing. In the interviews, Wiress barely talks. Mysterious is a good strategy, and Wiress plays it well. She could be a fighter, or she could be resigned to her fate. When Caesar asks her if she thinks she has a chance, she simply stares into a camera and gives a sly smile. It's extremely sexy, and Beetee's heart drops. If she actually wins, she would make a very popular companion in the capitol. That night, he has the nightmares again. Not about the arena, the people he killed, but about the aftermath. Being used, given to capitol women as a reward, spending nights as an object. He wasn't very popular, he was left alone by the time the next Games rolled around, but it was enough for him to see what he was worth. Enough to know that a victor's life is no longer his own. His dreams transform into an arena, and Wiress is killed over and over. Stabbed in the bloodbath, attacked by mutts, betrayed by an ally and smothered in her sleep. The worst one, perhaps, is the one in which she survives and is used by the capitol, passed around until she kills herself in despair. He wakes up to a low keening sound and realizes it comes from his own throat. Wiress is good in the arena. She is quick and ruthless. The arena looks like a rainforest, and there are lots of animals, both mutts and natural. Wiress shadows the career pack and picks them off one by one, making it look like an animal. They don't suspect that the claw marks are made after death, and that the district 2 boy was really garroted by wire. When that ruse is discovered, Wiress changes tactics to pulleys and spikes. She's surprisingly intuitive about where to place her traps, the likely spots they will camp, or split off to go to the bathroom. It only takes one wrong step before her deadly mechanisms spring. Beetee sleeps in front of the television, unwilling to miss a single cannon blast. He watches as the district 11 girl corners Wiress and slashes deep into Wiress' shoulder before succumbing to her own wounds. This late in the games, medicine is expensive, so Beetee makes the rounds in the district, going door to door gathering funds for one last sponsorship gift. Everyone gives what they can, knowing another district victor would benefit themselves. Beetee adds everything of his own he can get a hold of, and calls Wiress' mentor, Vinessa. Everything they had is still not enough for bandages or salve, but they manage to send a collection of explosives and wires, cheap because they are absolutely useless in all but the most skilled hands. When Wiress opens the package, her face lights up and she gets to work. Even with the injured shoulder and blood loss, Wiress moves quickly. Finished, she lights a large fire near some rocks and waits. The fire does its job, and the two remaining tributes circle her. One has a bow with arrows, one has a club. She is close enough to the fire that she can't be hit with a long distance weapon; you can't aim when you can't look directly at the target. The boy with the club shouts insults and tries to draw her out. When that fails, he charges at her, wielding his weapon. He promptly steps on the trigger, and the entire area blasts into rubble. The cameras can't see through the debris, and Beetee holds his breath while it clears. Two cannons fire and the camera zooms in on Wiress, still bleeding profusely, but safe between two supporting rocks. She smiles the same sly smile as before, and when the trumpets sound, she begins to laugh. Beetee, comfortable and safe in his chair in District 3, laughs with her. She doesn't come home afterwards; Vinessa tells Beetee that she's still in the hospital. Operations and tests supposedly to fix battlefield trauma, but the whispered rumors are that she's had a mental breakdown, and they refuse to put her on television until they have her under control. Beetee wonders how bad she could possibly be, that she needs to stay there for practically six months. Beetee is invited to the Capitol for the recap and final interview. All of the district 3 victors are in the front row, and Beetee can't stop fidgeting. He watches her face instead of the screens, dark hair and pale skin like most people in the district, but full lips and large blue eyes that are all her own. The replay ends with Wiress laughing, staring at the sky where a hovercraft will soon appear to take her home. Caesar laughs as well. "On a serious note," Caesar adds, "You needed quite a bit of fixing up after you won, didn't you?" Wiress doesn't respond, her empty eyes scanning the crowd. She wears a grey dress with a full tulle skirt, she looks pretty and delicate and lost. Beetee wishes he could hold her and protect her. Caesar clears his throat. "Yes, it turns out you were a bit too close to those explosives, weren't you?" He hurries on, not waiting for her non-response. "Some hearing loss, some head trauma. Don't worry though; you are still a world class engineer!" He turns to the crowd, knowing that he has to carry the whole show now. Wiress stares at her feet, the tiny pink bows on her ballerina slippers. "Just this morning, she fixed a faulty intercom in her suite, isn't that something, ladies and gentlemen?" Caesar lifts his hands, and the audience cheers in response, more in support of him than of Wiress. Wiress flinches at the sound, and covers her ears. She half sings, half hums, and rocks back and forth in the chair. "Ah, I forgot. I apologize, ladies and gentlemen," Caesar clasps Wiress' hands, pulling them away from her face. "Loud noises are a no-no. Too much like that poor bomb that gave her the win." He makes an exaggerated pout and the audience awws. Wiress' head pops up. She says something, too quiet for the microphones to pick up. "What's that, dear?" Caesar asks. She speaks loud and clearly this time. "Do I have to kill them all, too?" Caesar pulls himself back together in record time, meeting the eyes of his director. "No, no, darling. No more killing." He chuckles to the audience. "Those games were so much fun; she'd love to do them again!" His attempt to save face fails as Wiress stands up. "I'll kill you. I am going to live. I'll kill you." She repeats this calmly, staring into the audience, until her mentor carries her off stage and Caesar ends the show. Beetee manages to speak with Wiress' stylist, a harsh looking woman named Lyonie. "Was that an act?" "No", Lyonie spits. "But it's not that new either. Why do you think we wouldn't really let her talk before the games? Why do you think they kept her at the hospital so long? Not that it did any good." She rolls her eyes. "I finally get a victor, and it turns out I'm designing for a crazy woman." As Lyonie huffs away, Beetee tries not to smile. Only someone with a death wish would request her for a companion now. Maybe she will actually be safe. They plan on leaving immediately for the victory tour in an attempt to make up time. Beetee asks to come along, says it will help him to get experience for next year's mentoring. In truth, he wants to be there for her. Half of him wants to help someone who went through the same pain and misery he went through once; and the other half, the half he is somewhat ashamed of, wants the opportunity to be near her, with all the possibilities that may bring. Vinessa seems to suspect something, but agrees that it will be good practice. At the facility, the mentors and prep team are packing, and Beetee is able to find her alone in the dining room. "Hello", he says, softly. "I'm Beetee." "I know." She looks up, making eye contact. "You won four years ago. With traps. That's how I knew it could be done." He forgets, sometimes, that he's something of a celebrity in District 3. That makes him uncomfortable. She makes him uncomfortable. He pushes his glasses further up his nose and tries not to fidget so much. She's very still as she stares at him. "Will this ever stop? The nightmares, I mean? And the bad thoughts?" "Not entirely. They will get better, though. You don't have to kill anyone anymore", He tries to sound soothing, but she brushes that away. "Oh, that. I played that up for the cameras. Let them leave me alone. Poor, crazy, Wiress. I've gotten that all my life." Beetee remembers talk of a girl not right in her head, who couldn't speak coherently to another human being, but created the most amazing machines. That must have been Wiress. He hates the thought that they were trying to 'cure' her for six months. "You can't be brilliant without being a little crazy", he says. Wiress smiles. "You understand me." She moves over to one of the couches and motions for him to join her. He's apparently won her trust with one simple sentence, because they spend hours talking, about home and friends, inventions and electronics, about hopes and the future. She can handle simple thoughts, short choppy sentences, but more complex thoughts often leave her drifting off with a sentence unfinished. He takes to guessing what she wanted to say and ends up correct more often than not. When they board the train, Wiress demands that he have the cabin next to hers. "He's the only one I know I won't have to kill", she says blankly. It's a good strategy, and she gets exactly what she wants. That's how, in the middle of the night, he's able to hear the screams. He's awoken from his own dream, not a bad one, one full of soft skin and dark hair, and he opens the connecting door. She's stopped screaming by now, awake and trembling in her huge bed. When she sees Beetee, she opens her arms, silently asking to be held. He's nervous, but slips beneath the covers and wraps his arms around her. "You're safe" he whispers into her hair. "But are you?" she murmurs. She's crying now, tears running down her face as her body