Summary: —Everything will be okay. Bianca's influence on Nico throughout the years. (Or, seven times Nico falls asleep and the one time Bianca doesn't wake up, and Nico is twenty-four when he finally hears her voice again.) — Sibling relationship. A/N: The age numbers listed throughout the story follows Nico's age, though they're not exactly accurate to canon. Just wanted to clarify that because I think a good portion of it is told from Bianca's perspective. Also, I am fully aware that not everything follows what happened in canon; I changed some things on purpose, so I hope you'll forgive me for that. This turned out longer than I expected, haha; I honestly didn't expect it to pass 1k words but now we have this 3k+ abomination—and possibly a second chapter too. Enjoy. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. Go To Sleep, My Dear Brother Because to Nico, Bianca isn't just another demigod; she isn't just another girl Because to Nico, Bianca is "sister" and "mother" and "best friend" and so much more all in one i. Age 5 "Go to sleep," five-year-old Nico hears his sister whisper as she tucks in the blankets snuggly around him. It seems to him that those are the three single most repeated words that Bianca vocalizes on a daily basis, but he definitely isn't complaining because it leaves him with a sense of ease, a feeling that the day has ended on a good note and he can look forward to tomorrow with no regrets. Bianca will be there to wake him up. Breakfast will be yummy. Then the rest of the day will be spent playing MythoMagic. He sighs, content, and shifts his head around on the fluffy pillow before settling in a comfortable position. Already, his eyelids are growing heavy and he can feel the dreams claiming him. Bianca ruffles his hair affectionally, kisses his forehead, and turns off the lights on her way out the room. ii. Age 8 "Go to sleep," Bianca coos, and when she holds him against her together in the comfort of his bedroom, Nico thinks that everything will be okay again. His sobbing dies down to sniffles and the tears in his eyes are beginning to dry up, objects around him having definite features now instead of just a blurry outline. He's still trembling a little, but Bianca hugs him tight, stroking a hand reassuringly through his hair, murmuring encouraging words into his ears, like how it doesn't matter what the other kids at school say, that he shouldn't be ashamed of being a little different. The two of them stay like that for as long as it takes for Nico to calm down; Bianca makes sure to never leave him until he is able to put on a smile again. The boy's bedroom is kept dark, the light purposely turned off because she knows it makes Nico feel safer; it may not make sense to other people—how can someone feel safer when they can't see?—but Bianca understands that everyone is diverse. She accepts Nico for who he is. Humming a soft tune, she waits until Nico's eyes closed and his breathing evens. She sets him down gently on the bend and embraces him one last time before leaving to go to sleep herself. (It is these times that Nico recalls when he has trouble falling asleep in the future, alone in the emptiness of cabin 13 at Camp Half-Blood. He makes sure to go to bed every night with a smile on his face.) iii. Age 10 "Go to sleep," Bianca whispers, almost anxious. This time, the setting is different; they are no longer in their house, no longer in the rooms that they've grown so accustomed to. However, in theory, this new place isn't so bad either. It's a hotel, for one, so all the beds are perfectly aligned with more pillows on a single mattress than Nico has ever owned in his life. The sheets are clean and they smell of flowery meadows, like the name of the hotel suggests. They should be able to sleep just fine here. But all this is only in theory. Nico and Bianca are ten and twelve years old respectively, old enough to have experienced sleeping away from home, on sleepovers and overnight camps. Everything here is nice—nicer than most of the places they've been—and the beds are comfortable, almost in an alluring way. Everything is just so perfect that Bianca can't shake off the feeling that something isn't right, that they shouldn't be here. It's so perfect that it seems impossible and it screams trap, trap, trap! It's much too late though, because Bianca is already having a hard time forming concrete thoughts and her mind is all foggy and she just wants to lie down—if only for a little while. Snuggling beside her brother, who is already starting to drift off, she gives up on resisting the temptation and convinces herself that they both deserve a good night's rest. Faintly, she remembers that the only reason Nico can sleep so soundly is that he trusts her not to put them in any danger, and she prays that she's making the right decision. "Let's sleep, Nico," Bianca mumbles, more for herself than to the boy. And they do, for a very long time. (It's seventy years later when they finally wake up.) iv. Age 11 "Go to sleep," Bianca tries to hide the anger from her words but it comes out as a hiss more than anything. It's still daytime outside, but she knows that her brother needs a well-earned nap; when he wakes up, he will feel refreshed and—Bianca notices the tears silently flowing down the sides of his face, staining the bed sheets—she hopes that she'll never have to see Nico cry himself to sleep again. Their first few nights at Camp Half-Blood are not what one would call comfortable. They went too far this time. The teasing, the insults based on nothing but accusations and mere speculations, the name-calling, the bullying, the hostile gestures—she's had enough. A child of Hades is nothing but darkness? Sure. A child of Hades brings misfortune and death everywhere they go? Alright. If that's what they want, if that's what they'll mindlessly believe, then she'll give it all to them. Bianca may be quiet and shy, but she isn't afraid to stick up for herself, especially if her little brother is involved too. There's this new technique she's been practicing for a while now and what better way to test it out than on the pesky Aphrodite kids gossiping as they walk past their cabin? She hears their names come up frequently from the other side of the wall ("Nico and Bianca are so pale!" and "They're creepy, always dressed in black" and "It's fitting; they're descendants of Hades , after all!") . Anger coursing through her, Bianca closes her eyes and concentrates her energy on the darkness around her. She envelops herself with the shadows feeling its tendrils reaching out to her, and she embraces it. They can't hurt her, she knows. Acceptance is the key. Take in the darkness and own it. And soon, she has shadow-traveled to the other side of the wall. At first, there is only astonishment. It is only a small distance and the toll on Bianca's body is great, but none of that changes the fact that she passed through the wall between their cabin and the main hall by just willing it to happen. And because of this, she stands tall with her head up, despite wanting nothing more than to collapse on the floor. To the Aphrodite girls, it seemed as if a pale ghost just appeared in front of them. For a second, they are too shocked to cry out. When they recognize the newcomer to be the very person they had been talking about earlier, they scream for an entirely different reason. Bianca sends them a stern look that says don't ever talk shit about my brother and I again and it doesn't take very much for the two demigods to scram out of there. Exhausted with the excitement of her first successful shadow-travel and the physical effect it is having on her body, she makes her way back inside cabin 13, feeling accomplished and fairly positive that no one will mess with them anymore after that. When Nico wakes up an hour later, he finds his sister passed out on her bed. Feeling groggy and more than a little confused, he goes to the bathroom to splash water on his tear-stained cheeks. It is only when he returns to his room that realization dawns on him: no one teased him when he passed them, no one even sneered at him. It leaves Nico baffled. v. Age 12 "Go to sleep," Nico hears; he doesn't see his sister's lips move because his eyes are squeezed shut, too scared to face anything in the world at the moment. It's the first time he's said those words out loud and already, he is regretting it. He shouldn't feel ashamed for sharing his secret with Bianca, he knows—she is his sister after all, the only one who understands him; the only one who has ever understood him—but he can't help dreading her response. Seconds tick by into minutes and the world is a deadly shade of silence. He lies curled on the bed, wrapped up in layers of blankets, trembling despite the warmth he would normally be feeling. I'm gay , he says. It is no louder than a mere whisper but in the quietness of cabin 13, it is an explosion. The effect ripples out, Bianca's face surprised, and that is when he shuts himself out from it all. He had been mistaken. He shouldn't have said the two words that suddenly seem to have more power on his life than anything before. The word, along with its synonyms—gay, homophobic, bisexual—had controlled his life for the past year. On top of that, the other campers have called Nico "gay" as a childish insult—but unbeknownst to them, they were right. Whenever he hears the word, his blood runs cold and he would look around to see if people were talking about him. Had they perhaps figured out his secret somehow? What, exactly, were they saying? After a long year of the anxiety eating him alive, he felt that he needed to get it out of him. And so, right before bed tonight, he asks Bianca to stay by his side for a little while longer, just like she did when they were younger. She waits patiently for him to tell her about whatever is worrying him; after this long, it doesn't take much for the daughter of Hades to know that something is bothering her brother. And that's when he had blurts out the words. But now, he is too scared to see Bianca's reaction. Out of everyone, Bianca is the only person he doesn't want to dishearten. What would be in her eyes now that she knows his biggest secret? Shame? Disappointment? Disgust? If she starts to shun him too, like the other demigods, he doesn't think he would be able to take it anymore. And yet, he can't bring himself to blame her for any of this. It is all his fault, and his fault alone. His hormones had gone out of whack and somehow, unwillingly, he finds him attracted to people of his gender. He can't push down the feelings that surface out from him and he knows that it is wrong —because that's what he hears everyone saying—but he can't help it. Inhale. Cracking open an eye and taking the risk of peering out at his sister from under his eyelashes, he finds something completely unexpected: Bianca is smiling. Nico's eyes snap open involuntarily, gaping at her, so obviously surprised. Seeing that her brother is unable to respond, Bianca takes this