A quick look at Jacob's POV from the beginning of Home Again. Unbeta'd. Any and all mistakes are mine. Ch. 1 From Despair to Rage Staring; I'd been doing that a lot these days. I could normally be found staring up at the ceiling of my too small bedroom, or the ocean off of Second Beach (I rarely go to First Beach), sometimes I am staring down at La Push from the cliffs. I wasn't doing it out of boredom. No, I had things I could do to relieve boredom, I laid here, and hid from everyone I knew, lost in the thoughts and memories of her . I was only ever free to lose myself in the stinging memories of her in these desolate places. She haunted me more than I'd ever care to admit. The pain she caused was more than I could deal with. It was heart shattering, gut wrenching, soul shredding pain. It had been hard enough to stay around those first two weeks after her disappearance where everything and everyone reminded me of her and what she threw away. I drove myself crazy thinking of all the reasons for her leaving, the note leaving nothing for me to grasp onto. Every single reason I came up with broke me just a little bit more because all of them led me to believe I just wasn't enough for her. But after she called only to tell her father she was alive and nothing more I couldn't take it anymore. I lost all control over my body or my wolf. Trying with all my might I couldn't keep my human form, the pain so strong I would crumble in gasping breaths and seconds later I'd be lying on the ground a whimpering, panting wolf. No matter how many times Sam ordered me to remain human my body broke and was replaced by the wolf. I was told when I became a wolf that human emotions lessened but that day and the days following I found no relief as a wolf. She was gone and took my humanity with her. Even my wolf was in pain and desperate for her to return. With my heart and body shredded, I ran. I knew that the others hadn't phased after the dozens of times Sam had ordered me to phase back. They couldn't take the emotions I was projecting in their wolf forms; their wolves were unable to process it. Without word to anyone I ran like she had. I left my pack, my father, my friends and the places that held memories of her . As I ran the human part of me disappeared inside of my now soulless wolf. I lived as a wolf for a very long time. I hunted and slept exactly like any other wolf. But even as a wolf my thoughts still revolved around her and her leaving. I still thought of all the reasons she would leave like that without warning, with no trace. None of the reasons that I had come up ever soothed the pain. I imagined her death at the hands of the one who hunted her. The images always tore at my soul because I had failed her. I was free of my pack's thoughts and I didn't know why. I could sense them but couldn't catch or decipher their thoughts into something I could understand and after a while I no longer cared. My mate had left me and I was doomed to be alone. One day- I had no clue how long I'd been gone- I felt Sam's presence in my mind, more corporeal than it had been since my first days after running. In the strongest Alpha voice I had ever heard, he ordered me to come back home. He said I had been gone too long and I had duties to attend to. I wanted to disagree with him as my body turned mid stride and headed home. I hadn't been gone long enough. She was still gone and I still missed her. My wolf was still in pain and returning home wouldn't end that pain. Sam didn't care and he stayed phased until I stopped in the woods outside my home. His wolf had approached me slowly and warily. He phased in front of me and then ordered me to phase back. Once I fell to the ground as a man he quickly ordered me not to phase back and then ordered that I wasn't allowed to leave the Reservation for any reason until he deemed it necessary. I was now trapped as a human and trapped in the place that was haunted with her . Every emotion and thought I had lost as a wolf, along with the ones of the wolf slammed into me moments after Sam laid the orders down. Seconds later the agony caused me to lose the caribou I had eaten that morning. I then lifted my body and trudged into my house completely nude. As I walked through the living room, on my way to my room, my father cried out in shock and joy at my return. I couldn't even feel glad I was seeing him again. His happy eyes and smile fell as he looked at me. He nodded at me as I walked to my room, collapsed on my bed and fell asleep where I dreamed about deathly pale skin and blood red eyes. I awoke later in a cold sweat and I was shaking so violently I thought I was going to phase but I couldn't. Every time the fire licked up my spine it would stop and my tremors increased. All my muscles hurt with the inability to not phase. I don't know why this time Sam's order was keeping me from phasing when the last time he tried it hadn't worked for a minute. I climbed out of bed and made my way shakily to the shower and turned it to cold. I hoped the cold water would calm me enough to quit shaking but the cold water only reminded me of the red eyed girl that awoke me. Quickly, I switched the water to as hot as it would go. Even if I didn't feel the burning heat it drove the image away with the heat. I then quickly washed away the thick layer of dirt and grime that covered the entirety of my body from my foray as a wolf. I walked back to my room and sat on my now filthy bed. On my dresser across from me was a picture of me and Bella with our arms wrapped around one another and a brilliant smile lit her face and at that moment I did something I hadn't done for a very long time, something I fought when she first left and then I left as a wolf, I cried-sobbed actually- for hours. Morning her absence and possibly her death, it was killing me, her being gone from my life. I didn't know how to live without her around. She was my everything and her being gone took all that was important about me with her. What was worse is she wasn't the first woman in my life to leave me she just happened to be the latest. My mother left me before I had even turned ten on a run to the store to get milk for the next morning's breakfast. She never came back and I never got to tell her that I loved her or say goodbye. I was old enough at the time to understand that she was gone but not the effect it would have on me. Next to leave were my sisters. When the pain of my mom being gone became too much, and when they were old enough to do so, they left me and my father. And while they weren't totally gone I rarely saw or spoke to them. I had last seen Rebecca when she had visited last summer. And before Rachel moved back after Paul's imprint, I had seen her once after she left. She had come back for her first Christmas break and then for every following break she had found ways to just stay away. With Bella's leaving, it had made the feelings of inadequacy grow and compound. I truly believed I had never been enough for the women in my life to stick around; never had I been enough for them to make me an important person in their lives. And while rationally I knew it was wrong, at the moment in my grief I believed it whole heartedly. Billy heard me and wheeled himself into my room. He leaned down and pulled at me from under my arms until I lifted my head into his lap and cried some more. He stroked my hair and shushed me like he did when my mom died. He whispered unimportant words to calm me and console me. As my sobs subsided I looked up at him helpless. "I don't know how to do this dad. I don't know how to live in this world without her. It hurts to breathe, it hurts to think. I feel like I've been gutted and strangled at the same time. The thought of another day without her feels like I'm looking at a black hole that is sucking everything from me." I cried out desperate for him to take the pain away, to make me better. "Jake, son, it's been nearly ten years since your mother left this world and I still feel like that at times. I could tell you that it will get better, that you won't miss her as time goes on. But I won't lie to you; you will probably always miss her. All I can tell you is that you will learn to live with this pain and you will find things funny again, you will learn to enjoy the things life brings you despite the pain, just like she did when the leech left her, you will one day go days without thinking about her, and maybe one day you will find another to fill the void she left." And though his words didn't sound very positive they did offer a bit of hope. If my father could live after the loss of my mother then I could eventually learn to live without Bella. Finally my tears stopped and I asked him a question that had been gnawing at me since Sam ordered me to return "Dad, how…how long was I gone?" "Four months, son," he told me solemnly. "I'm sorry. I-I…should have come back sooner. I-I shouldn't have left you alone like that." I said ashamed that I had left my father for that long. Though I now knew how long I had been gone, I still couldn't equate time with my departure. What had felt like a decade in hell was a relatively short time away. Yet when I thought about her being gone, about her being away from me four months, it felt like an eternity. "It's okay son, I understand. You're back now." He said as he patted my shoulder. I pulled away from him and sat on my heels. "Glad you're back." He said and wheeled out of my room. I took a deep breath and then stood and turned to my bed. I pulled off the soiled sheets and blankets and put them in the wash. I then returned to my room and cleaned it. As I cleaned it I removed any mementos that was connected with Bella and shoved them into the bottom of my dresser. Each time I touched something that carried her image or event a trace of her scent it was like knives were being slowly sliced through my heart. When I had finished cleaning my room and removing her from it, I looked around, like me; my room was empty and lifeless without her in