Okay so, I wrote this some time ago. It came to be simply because it was the first day of spring, and where I am it was still freezing cold, awful weather. Basically, that was the initial thought that led to the idea for this story. I know it's silly. Anyway, I hope you enjoy! Also, it must be said that I'm really not certain how to reply to reviews… or if you even can…so for all the lovely reviews I've received for my other stories THANK YOU, you guys make my life awesome! My apologies for never getting back to you guys! But know that you rock! I'll try to keep it up! Also, I think I threw something in the story to this effect, but just to clarify, we're going to pretend that despite them being of age wizards, Headmistress McGonagall doesn't let ANY students use magic outside of class, including in Hogsmeade. For the sake of the story. :P WARNINGS: VERY mild swearing, so much fluff you might vomit, and I guess OOCness… that's about it since slash really isn't a warning, okay? DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter, it all belongs to JK Rowling. I make no money or anything like that from this. :-:-:-:-:-:-:- Icicle Lips -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- "Hey, guess what?" Harry Potter plopped down into an armchair next to the one occupied by Draco Malfoy in the Eighth Year common room. Draco placed a bookmark in the book he had been reading, to hold his place. He looked up at Harry to show that he had his undivided attention. He smirked slightly upon noting the Gryffindor's wide smile and (if it was possible) brighter than normal emerald eyes. Harry continued, "There's a Hogsmeade trip next weekend." "Ah. How exciting." Draco drawled sarcastically. He rolled his eyes and almost turned right back to his book. Harry seemed to sense Draco's lack of enthusiasm. He frowned. "You're going, right?" Harry asked. When Draco said nothing in reply, Harry shot him one of his quirky half smiles. He then nudged Draco's arm with his elbow. "Hogsmeade is always fun. It'll be nice getting out of the castle for a bit. Get our minds off the stress of our upcoming N.E.W.T.s, for a little while at least. Plus, it's scheduled on the first day of spring so I bet the weather will be perfect." Draco rolled his eyes. "Yes, but I have no one to enjoy those lovely perks with. I'd rather be alone all day in the library with a good book than alone all day wandering aimlessly around Hogsmeade." He sighed and looked pointedly at Harry. " You, unlike me, actually have friends to spend the day with. You're going with Weasley and Granger I'm assuming?" Harry was frowning again at the Slytherin's words. "I don't think so, not this time." Then he laughed lightly. "Ron and Hermione were hinting that they wanted it to be a day just for them. I guess, being in school, there aren't many opportunities for real dates. I got the message though, and told them it was okay if they didn't want me to tag along." "So, you're actually going to spend the day, by yourself, walking around Hogsmeade? I'm sorry but isn't that, well, lame and boring?" Draco snorted. Harry elbowed him again. He did that often, but never in an angry or painful way. Surprisingly, it didn't bother Draco. Harry replied, "No I won't be doing that. At least I hope not." "What does that mean?" Draco asked, warily. Harry suddenly looked nervous. "Well, you said you have no friends. I mean, aren't we friends, you and me?" He swallowed audibly, clearly worried Draco would have a snarky reply. As Draco considered his answer to that question, he thought about how everything had changed. It had started almost immediately upon their return to Hogwarts after the war. Draco was the only Slytherin from his year to come back. Ron and Hermione were officially a couple, leaving Harry feeling left out more often than not. Neither would admit it, but they had both been lonely. Draco and Harry had found themselves alone together in the common room during the second week of school. Astonishingly, instead of exchanging harsh words and insults, they'd exchanged a few apologies. They even thanked each other. Harry to Draco for not identifying him in the Manor. Draco to Harry for rescuing him in the Room of Requirement and defending him during the Malfoy family's trials, saving him and his mother from being sentenced to time in Azkaban. After that, something changed between them. At first, the change was in the form of civility and mutual respect towards each other. Soon after, it became something nearer to friendship. Draco shook his head, coming out of his reverie to reply to Harry's question. "I suppose you could consider us something akin to friends." He smirked, but his smirks towards Harry were no longer mean, merely playful. "So, since Ron and Hermione are having their little date, would you like to come to Hogsmeade with me?" Draco raised an eyebrow and continued to smirk as he said, "Potter, I do believe that sounded like you asking me out on a date." Harry flushed deeply and started to stutter. "I-I didn't mean... no, not a d-date… just thought we could h-hang out… definitely not a date!" Draco just laughed. "Relax, Potter. I was joking." He pretended to think about it for a minute, despite already knowing what his answer would be. Finally, he responded. "Fine. I will accompany you to Hogsmeade, but only because you're clearly desperate to go, and I'd hate for you to look pathetic walking around all by yourself." He tried to make it sound like it would be a chore, even though he didn't really mind spending a Saturday with Harry. He'd never admit that though. Harry grinned. "It's a plan then… and definitely not a date." He added the last part slyly. Draco snorted and rolled his eyes. He tore his attention away from Harry's face and once again opened his book. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- Harry tried to suppress a shiver as he stepped outside. He failed. Draco didn't miss it. "Potter, I know you're excited about it being the first day of spring, but I told you it was going to be cold. I told you to wear your winter cloak. But did you listen to me? Of course not." Draco wrapped his scarf more tightly around his neck. Even he was chilly, dressed warmly as he was. "I'm fine. I like the crisp air." Harry shrugged, obviously trying his hardest not to tremble from the cold. As Harry had said earlier, "It's the first day of spring, damn it. It should be warm and sunny." He had insisted that he wouldn't need his winter cloak… or gloves… or a hat… or a scarf. Draco was equipped with all those cold winter weather accessories, thank Merlin. Draco couldn't help but scoff, then smile and shake his head in amusement at the sight of the Gryffindor, now several steps ahead of him. Harry was practically skipping on their way into Hogsmeade. Draco wasn't sure if it was out of excitement or just an attempt to keep himself warm. Draco briefly glanced up at the cloudy grey sky, praying there would be no precipitation. Harry turned his head back and shouted over his shoulder, "Come on, Malfoy. We haven't got all day." His smile growing a little wider, Draco replied, "Actually, we do, as it's Saturday." Harry just laughed, but slowed down to let Draco catch up. Once he stopped moving, he wrapped his thin cloak more tightly around himself, rubbing his arms furiously trying to generate some heat. Once he caught up, Draco asked, trying not to sound overly concerned, "Are you sure you don't want to go back? You're going to freeze. I'm not having the Golden Boy die of hypothermia on my watch. They'd have me imprisoned for that." Harry glared at him. "What have I told you about using those horrendous nicknames?" "Fine. I'll refrain." Draco held up his hands defensively. Still, the worried expression never left his face. "In all seriousness though, I don't want you miserable and cold this whole trip." Harry waved his hand almost wildly, apparently unconcerned. "I'm fine. I'll let you know if it gets bad though, how about that?" Draco stared at Harry for a minute. He had a look of determination in his vivid green eyes. His cheeks were pink from the cold, but his lips were pouting slightly, unmistakably begging Draco to let them continue. Draco caved. "Deal. You let me know the second it becomes unbearable," he said grudgingly. A grin broke out on Harry's face. Draco quickly broke their intense eye contact and looked away, feeling like he'd end up regretting this decision. They walked in silence for a minute before Draco asked, "Did you have anywhere specific you wanted to go?" Harry shrugged. "Everywhere?" He paused before smiling sheepishly at Draco. "Maybe first we could go to the Three Broomsticks for a butterbeer?" Draco now knew for certain that Harry was colder than he was letting on. Unfortunately, he had to say, "I'm… ah, not really allowed in the Three Broomsticks… " Harry looked embarrassed for bringing the place up. Draco tried not to scowl, but couldn't help it. Why is he embarrassed? I'm the one who put the Imperius Curse on Madame Rosmerta during sixth year. The memory of that year in particular, and the one that followed it, always filled Draco with waves of guilt. Sounding overly nonchalant, Harry came up with another suggestion. "Okay, the Hog's Head?" "Sure," Draco said. Deciding to tease Harry a little and lighten the suddenly depressed mood, he continued with, "I bet it's nice and toasty warm in there. But, then again, you're not cold at all, are you?" He smirked at Harry who shot him with an indignant look. "I'm not denying I'm cold, but I am fine. Really. " He'd added the last word after catching the incredulous look Draco sent his way. "Well, if you need to, at any point, you can borrow my scarf or whatever else." Draco said sincerely. Harry, however, took one look at Draco's scarf and pulled a disgusted face. "Hell no. I'm not wearing your Slytherin scarf, no matter how cold I might get." His initial instinct was to retort with something snarky and insulting, but then Draco found himself laughing loudly and freely. Despite all the inter-house friendships that had formed as a result of the few returning Eighth Year students being forced to share dorms, everyone still had a strong sense of house pride. Harry raised an eyebrows at him. It was then that Draco realized he hadn't laughed like that in a very long time, let alone in the company of Harry Potter. He hastily schooled his facial expression and said simply, "I see you're point. I wouldn't be caught dead wearing anything Gryffindor." Harry just smirked at him as they continued walking. Draco had noticed that Harry had been doing that often lately. The little smirks seemed to have popped up on Harry's face far more frequently once he'd started this sort-of-friendship with Draco. He chuckled to himself at that. They continued into Hogsmeade in a comfortable silence. Although, Draco wasn't sure Harry could have held a conversation even if he wanted to because his shivers were becoming more and more pronounced. Draco was surprised at how many Hogwarts students had decided to go into Hogsmeade today. Despite the horrible weather, Harry and Draco were surrounded by countless fellow students as they walked into the village. When they spotted the Hog's Head in the distance, Harry nearly started running. Draco shook his head at the stubborn Gryffindor, but subconsciously sped up his pace to get them inside as soon as possible. A harsh wind had picked up, making it feel even