So apparently, I'm only capable of writing stories that turn to total fluff. Not that I mind, I had fun writing this! Hope you enjoy and please let me know what you think! Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter, it's all JK Rowling's. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- Worth It Draco Malfoy was standing just inside the door of an unused classroom. He peered out of the slightly ajar door into the hallway, waiting. Finally, he spotted him. Walking alone on his way back from dinner was a boy with incredibly messy jet black hair and bright emerald green eyes. Draco waited for the exact moment when the boy walked passed the door's opening. He then reached an arm out, grabbed the boy by the elbow and dragged him into the room, smiling all the while. Before he could make any sounds, Draco pushed him against the wall and kissed him. He pulled away after a moment, smirking at the boy in front of him. "So nice of you to join me, Harry ." Draco reveled in the effect he had on Harry Potter when he practically purred his name. His breath seemed to hitch and his eyes widened, gazing longingly at Draco. "Draco, don't do that." Harry spoke in a deep, breathless voice. Draco knew Harry wasn't really complaining, well not too much at least. When he leaned in for another kiss, the Gryffindor groaned but accepted it gladly. Soon he was winding his arms around Draco's neck and pulling him closer, opening his mouth to deepen the kiss. Draco's arms made their way around Harry's waist, hands gently rubbing his lower back. Rather reluctantly, Draco pulled away slightly. He smiled when he heard Harry moan in disappointment. So instead of completely breaking contact, Draco moved his lips to a spot just below Harry's ear. He heard an intake of breath as he continued to kiss and nibble his way down Harry's jaw. "You know what today is?" Draco asked between kisses. "W-What?" Harry asked. Draco grinned. He wasn't sure if Harry really didn't remember or simply couldn't focus at that moment. "Well," he started, "Today is four months to the day since you and I began this lovely exchange." Harry looked at him, confused. "I thought that day was the ninth… today's the fifteenth." Draco chuckled. "Ah, you silly boy." He then said, as if explaining something simple to a five-year-old, "Yes, you officially became mine on the ninth of October. However, the first time we snogged was in fact the fifteenth of September." At this, Harry snorted. "You keep track of the months since we first snogged?" He seemed to think about it for a moment before saying, "That's actually rather sweet of you." Draco scoffed. "It's not sweet . I just… enjoy snogging you is all." Harry rolled his eyes. "Well if you enjoy snogging me so much they why do we continue to keep this a secret?" Draco could tell Harry was trying not to upset him, as this was a touchy subject for them. Still, Draco could sense the slight hint of sadness in his boyfriend's voice. "It would be so much easier. We wouldn't have to sneak around like this." Draco sighed. "Harry, you know why we keep it a secret. Besides, doesn't sneaking around make it all the more fun?" He smirked and raised an eyebrow suggestively at Harry. "It was fun at first, when we were just messing around. Now we've been in a relationship nearly four months. I don't think anything bad can come from us telling our friends." Harry was stroking a finger up and down Draco's chest, looking up at him with those puppy dog eyes that almost always made Draco cave in to whatever Harry wanted. Draco forced himself to remain focused. He gently replied, "No, Harry. Not now." Harry gave up. "Well, fine. Then just kiss me." Draco happily obliged. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- Harry, Ron and Hermione were making their way down to breakfast two weeks later. At the doors to the Great Hall they ran into three Slytherins, who had also returned for their 'Eighth Year' at Hogwarts. Blaise Zabini and Pansy Parkinson, rather grudgingly it seemed, nodded curtly at them before entering the Hall. Draco, however, paused before entering, his eyes locked on Harry's. The intensity of his stare made Harry's face heat up and he was sure he was bright red. "Potter," he smirked before turning to Ron and Hermione. "Weasley. Granger." After one last glance in Harry's direction, he turned and walked through the doors. Harry released a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. Damn Draco for having that effect on him. The three Gryffindors proceeded to sit at their table, Ron almost instantly piling mounds of food onto his plate and digging in. Harry took a few pieces of toast and poured himself some pumpkin juice. "Have either of you noticed anything strange about Malfoy lately?" Hermione asked, a look of confusion etched in her face. Harry noted, however, that she was also staring intently at him as she said this. Harry tried to sound casual as he said, "Not really, why?" "I don't know he just seems more… civil I guess." It sounded more like a question. Ron snorted. "No way. Didn't you see that dirty look he shot Harry just before?" Hermione seemed to contemplate Ron's words. "I don't think it was a dirty look. At least not dirty in the sense that he's being mean or rude." "What do you mean?" Harry asked. He started to take a sip of his pumpkin juice. "Well, quite frankly, Harry, he looked at you like he wanted to rip all your clothes off and snog you." Harry promptly spat out his pumpkin juice. Ron, who was unfortunately sitting directly across from him, got a full blast of the drink in his face. "Fuck, Harry, watch it!" He said, wiping juice out of his eyes. He then directed a glare at his girlfriend. "Don't even joke about something like that, Hermione. That's disgusting and I'd rather not have that idea in my head." "Yeah," Harry said, trying his best to sound disgusted while also trying to stop himself from blushing. Unfortunately, memories of Draco doing something very similar to what Hermione had said wouldn't leave his mind. "He most certainly doesn't look at me with anything other than pure hatred." "I don't know about that, Harry." She said, giving him a calculating look. "There's something… odd about the way he stares at you. He even says hi to you now. Something's different with him." Harry shrugged nonchalantly. "Maybe he's just trying not to start problems since he's here conditionally after the war. He is on probation, I'm sure he's just trying not to fuck up." Hermione continued to study him. "I suppose that's possible." A few minutes later, Harry chanced a glance at the Slytherin table. Draco was casually chatting with his two friends. Seeming to sense Harry's eyes on him, Draco looked up and sent a nearly imperceptible smile his way. Harry smiled slightly back at him. He almost thought he saw Hermione observing this exchange, but when he turned back to look at her properly she was deep in conversation with Ron. When breakfast was over, they all set off for Potions. As always, the three of them sat at a table together. Draco was in their class, along with Parkinson and Zabini, who all shared a table in the back of the room. Harry had greatly improved in Potions after slipping when he had to get rid of Snape's old book. His recent success was all thanks to Draco, who was exceptionally good at Potions and had been helping him since they'd gotten together. Of course, it was all in secret. Draco didn't want anyone to know about his and Harry's relationship whatsoever. Harry didn't care about people knowing, but he'd agreed to Draco's request, not even telling Hermione or Ron. (Although, he probably wouldn't have told Ron for a while anyway. Harry was sure he wouldn't take it too well.) Once class had started and Professor Slughorn had set the assignment for the day, people began rising from their seats to get the ingredients needed. Hermione and Ron offered to get Harry's supplies while getting their own, so he sat at the table alone for a minute or two. Harry saw him out of the corner of his eye. He resisted the urge to look directly at Draco. Instead, he watched his right hand. It was placed flat on Harry's table, directly in front of him. He seemed to be using the table to lean on while he lifted his right foot and adjusted his sock with his other hand. When he was finished. he put his foot back on the ground, took his hand off the table and walked away. Harry immediately noticed a small piece of parchment left exactly where Draco's hand had been a moment before. Harry quickly snatched it up and opened it under the desk, just in case Ron and Hermione came back. It had a short message on it. Room of Requirement. Tonight. Eight o'clock. This wasn't an unusual way for them to communicate. Harry quickly shoved the piece of parchment in his pocket as Hermione and Ron returned. When he saw Draco walk past on his way back to his desk, Harry subtly nodded once, letting him know he'd be there. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- Draco paced three times in front of the blank stretch of stone wall. As expected, a door appeared where a moment before there hadn't been one. He pulled the door open and entered the room. As it usually was when he and Harry met here, the room contained a fireplace with a couch facing it for when they just wanted to relax and talk or do homework. There was also a large, comfortable bed in the back of the room for… other activities. Draco smirked at the sight of it, then peered down at his watch. He was a little early, so he sat down on the couch and stared into the fire until Harry arrived. The door opened and Harry slipped into the room. Draco couldn't help but smile upon seeing the Gryffindor. "Hey." Harry said, immediately sitting next to Draco and placing a hand on his thigh. "Hello." Draco said no more than that. In an instant, his lips were on Harry's. Harry made the little noise that he always made upon being kissed, which never failed to drive Draco wild. He immediately opened his mouth and allowed Draco's tongue to enter. Harry leaned back against the arm of the couch, letting Draco position himself so that he was straddling him. Draco couldn't help but moan when Harry's hands found his arse, gripping it tightly. Draco's hands made their way to Harry's hair, running his fingers through it, occasionally tugging lightly. Harry ended the kiss and pulled his head back a bit to look at Draco. Draco groaned and nearly growled, "Don't be a tease, Harry. Finish what you started." He then smirked playfully to let Harry know he wasn't really mad. However, Harry seemed preoccupied. He was biting his bottom lip absentmindedly and staring at a point just over Draco's left shoulder. "Hermione's getting suspicious I think." Harry looked back into Draco's eyes. "About us?" Draco asked. "Yes." Draco just shrugged. "I doubt it, but we'll just have to be more careful then." That comment seemed to shake Harry out of whatever thoughts he'd been having. "Why can't we just tell them? Just our friends. I don't think it's that a big deal." Draco rolled his eyes. Not this argument again. "No. You know I don't want anyone knowing." "We've been together nearly four months, Draco." Draco grabbed Harry's hands and intertwined their fingers. "Yes, and it's going so well, at least in my opinion. Why ruin it by making other's aware?" Harry started to look annoyed. "Yes, it's