Hi all! So, this is just another silly little piece I put together! It's official, I'm incapable of writing anything that isn't super fluffy, sorry (not sorry). Seriously, it's so sweet you'll probably get a cavity. Also, let me know if you catch my very minor Mean Girls reference of sorts LOL I love that movie. Anyway, I hope you enjoy! Please, if you can, send some lovely reviews my way! WARNINGS: The rating is mostly to be on the safe side. A bit of swearing, that's the major thing. So much fluff it's ridiculous… but what can I say I love it. DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter in any sense, it all belongs to J.K. Rowling. :-:-:-:-:-:-:-: With A Little Help From Draco Malfoy :-:-:-:-:-:-:-: Harry couldn't remember ever being in a situation stranger than this (and he'd been in some interesting predicaments before). He couldn't be sure, but it seemed as if Draco Malfoy had taken it upon himself make sure Harry's greatest ambition would come to fruition. Harry watched Malfoy out of the corner of his eye. He stood next to Harry, broom in hand, staring straight ahead. His normally immaculate hair was somewhat messy (by Malfoy standards at least) as a light breeze was blowing the blonde locks around. He looked regal and elegant as always. He seemed almost peaceful, more relaxed than Harry had ever seen him before. It was an odd sight for Harry, but if he was honest with himself it wasn't an unpleasant one. "You know, Potter, the first step in preparing to become a professional Quidditch player is mounting your broom." Malfoy turned his head in Harry's direction as he spoke. Finally, something Harry was familiar with. The almost rude and sardonic tone in addition to the smirk gracing Malfoy's face were far more in his comfort zone when it came to the Slytherin. Although, there was no malice in his voice now and Harry could have sworn he saw laughter in those deep grey eyes. Those observations confirmed what Harry had been speculating before. It was clear now. Malfoy was trying to help him. That realization made him squirm. How had he gotten himself into this situation? By opening up to Draco Malfoy, that's how. -:-:-:-:-:-:-:- Two Hours Earlier Harry grumbled bitterly to himself as he made his way down to the dungeons. He was convinced Slughorn was doing this intentionally as punishment for no longer being his star Potions student. Ever since having to get rid of Snape's old textbook, he'd been nothing short of dreadful in Potions. Literally. He never scored higher than a D on any assignment. Sure, Harry thought, maybe he did need a little tutoring to possibly make some sort of improvement. But not from this tutor. This was surely going to be more detrimental to Harry than beneficial. Harry entered the classroom and saw his tutor already standing there with his back to the door. He figured he should say something to announce his arrival. He barely got a word out, however, when the tutor turned around and held up a hand, making Harry immediately shut his mouth. "Potter." Malfoy greeted him stiffly. He didn't wait for Harry to respond with his own greeting. Instead he went straight into an obviously rehearsed speech. "Whatever you've got to say, I don't want to hear it. This is not exactly ideal for me either. I can think of a thousand things I'd rather be doing with my Saturdays than being forced to spend them here with you. Unfortunately, one of the conditions of me being able to return to Hogwarts for this so called Eighth Year is that I would have to be a tutor in my best subject. I tutor several students in Potions. You are not special. You are not being punished. You simply need the help and it is my job to give you the assistance. That is all." Harry couldn't help himself. "Yes, sir." Malfoy shot him an exasperated look. "Funny. Now let's get started." Harry had to admit, he was impressed by how good a tutor Malfoy was. Within an hour, he had managed to get through every step of the N.E.W.T. level potion Malfoy had assigned him with minimal problems. Malfoy's explanations and instructions were clear and concise. He wouldn't hover, but he watched Harry's every move, occasionally making suggestions or preventing him from making a mistake. "Not bad, Potter. The last step is to let it sit for twenty minutes. In that time, the color should gradually turn from the dark red it is now to a light pink. If we see that color, then you've succeeded. To be honest, though, I'm very confident you did everything correctly." Harry quirked an eyebrow. "Was that a disguised compliment, Malfoy?" Reluctantly, or so it seemed, a small smile tugged at Malfoy's lips. "Perhaps. Or maybe it's simply me congratulating myself on turning you from a pathetic potion maker to something significantly better in only an hour." Harry was surprised to find Malfoy's words didn't rile him up in any way. He snorted and replied, "I'll just take it as a compliment, thanks. Your ego is big enough as it is." At first, Malfoy glared. Then he rolled his eyes. They sat next to each other in a somewhat awkward silence for a while. It was weird not being at each other's throats. Harry thought back to the last time he'd talked to Malfoy. It had been after the war, at his trial. Harry had defended him, helping him to get off with a mere two years' probation and no time in Azkaban. Before leaving, he'd gone up to Malfoy and given him back his wand. They had been civil to each other that day, if nothing else. Following that interaction… nothing. Since returning to school, they hadn't said a word to each other. There had been no fights or arguments yet. They had essentially been ignoring one another for the past two months. Harry glanced at Malfoy and couldn't help feeling something had changed with him. Hell, he knew a lot had changed with himself, so he supposed it was more than possible. "So, Potter." Harry was jolted out of his thoughts. "Yeah?" Malfoy studied Harry as he spoke. "I must admit, I'm curious as to why you came back to Hogwarts this year. If I've heard correctly, you're planning on becoming an Auror. I've also heard that the Ministry would have immediately accepted our Savior into the Auror training program, even without passing the necessary N.E.W.T.s. So why bother coming back?" That was probably the very last thing Harry would have expected Malfoy to say to him. "What's it to you Malfoy?" he asked, sounding only slightly wary and not one bit angry or annoyed by the question. Malfoy shrugged. "I'm merely attempting to make polite conversation. It's good manners. Plus, having any sort of discussion would be much better than sitting in silence for another ten minutes, don't you think?" Malfoy felt it would be better to idly chit chat with Harry than have time to himself? The more Harry thought about it, though, the more he agreed with that idea. Sitting in silence was getting boring. Thinking back to the original question, Harry raked a hand violently through his already unruly hair, unable to suppress a groan of frustration. For whatever reason he found himself replying and answering Malfoy's inquiry about his career path honestly. "First of all, don't call me 'The Savior' or any of those other horrible nicknames I've been given." Malfoy's eyebrow rose in apparent surprise. Harry ignored it and continued on to his next, more important point. "Second, even if I still wanted to be an Auror, I'd want to earn my way in, not just be handed the job because of my name." Malfoy seemed riveted by Harry's words. He kept his eyes on Harry, letting him know he was paying close attention. It made Harry awfully nervous. It took a moment for Malfoy to respond. "' Even if I still wanted to be an Auror…' " Malfoy quoted. "So, you don't want to be an Auror anymore?" Harry stiffened up in his seat. He murmured, more to himself than Malfoy, "Shit. Did I really just say that?" Confusion clearly etched in Malfoy's face, he asked, "Not something you talk about often?" "Ever." "Ever?" "I've never admitted that to anyone." Harry looked down at his feet, not quite sure what was going on with him. He couldn't believe that had slipped out. He had never even voiced that thought to Ron or Hermione. Yet here he was, starting to tell Malfoy, of all people, all that had changed in his mind since the end of the war. Malfoy sat up a little straighter in his chair and cleared his throat. "I don't see why that's something to be worried about discussing." "Everyone expects me to be an Auror. My friends, the Ministry. Hell, even you expected it! But I just feel like… I don't know… I feel like I've been fighting dark wizards pretty much since the day I found out about the wizarding world. Do I really want to choose to do that same thing every day for the rest of my life? No, I don't. But then I feel selfish for not wanting to continue helping people. What will people say when their 'Savior' doesn't want to do what they think he should do? I feel like I owe it to the world. Like I need to keep ridding the world of evil, even with Voldemort gone. Like that's my only true purpose in life. Still, I really don't want to do it anymore." It was like word vomit. Once Harry started talking, he couldn't stop. Although, he had to admit it felt liberating to say out loud all the thoughts he'd been hiding away in his mind for months. Even if he was saying it to Draco bloody Malfoy, it felt good to get it off his chest. He let out a huge sigh of relief, and had to resist the urge to laugh out loud. Malfoy turned in his chair to better face Harry. Only then did Harry notice how close they were to each other. Malfoy's knees were nearly touching he left thigh. He couldn't figure out why, but felt a chill shoot down his spine. He forced himself to look up, straight into Malfoy's striking grey eyes. He couldn't look away even if he wanted to, he was captured in Malfoy's gaze. "I understand why you don't want to be an Auror anymore, and I'm sure everyone else would understand too. But if they don't, who cares? You don't owe the world shit, if anything the world owes you . Don't worry about being selfish, hell I think you have every right to be selfish after all you've done. Do what you want to do, Potter. Fuck what people expect from you." Malfoy's deep voice was barely above a whisper as he spoke. Harry felt that chill shoot down his spine again, but this time he knew it was caused by Malfoy's intense stare. He felt like those piercing eyes were trying to see past the front he had put up, the front he would often hide behind these days. It was like Malfoy was trying to dig deeper into his thoughts. It was like he was really trying to get to know him. They had somehow gotten even closer than before. Harry hadn't noticed doing so, but as Malfoy had been talking he'd leaned in to better hear that smooth voice saying the words he so desperately needed to hear. Once aware of their proximity, Harry jerked back in his seat. He faced forward and sat up straight in his chair, hoping his face wasn't as flushed as it felt. What had that been about? When Harry said nothing, Malfoy spoke again. He sounded