Okay so first of all, hello! I haven't written anything in an extremely long time, or every really shared it with anyone ever, so forgive me if this is completely awful… I sure hope it's not! It's just a silly little something I put together to get me writing again. Well I guess that's it for now, hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter, it all belongs to JK Rowling. Kiss Cam Harry grumbled as he made his way through the stands to find his seat. He knew it wasn't their fault, but he was still annoyed that Ron and George had to cancel their plans to go to this Quidditch game with him. Ron's favorite team, the Chudley Cannons, would be facing the Tutshill Tornadoes. Harry knew they were just as disappointed to miss the game as he was to go to it alone. They had tried to sell the extra two tickets last minute but Harry didn't know if they'd been successful in doing so. As he made his way to the center of the row, following the numbered seats searching for number twelve, he looked up and saw a face he hadn't seen in a very long time staring at him with polite curiosity. He stopped walking and stared. "Malfoy?" "Hello, Potter." He had his every present smirk set on his face, Harry remembered it well from their Hogwarts days. "What're you doing here?" Harry realized too late that he sounded a bit rude. Malfoy seemed to think he was being rude as well. His eyes narrowed as he said, "I was under the impression that I would be enjoying a nice game of Quidditch. But if my presence is unwelcomed but our Savior , then by all means I'll leave." Harry instinctively reached out a hand to grab Malfoy by the forearm as the former Slytherin began to rise from his seat. "No. I'm sorry, Malfoy, I was just surprised to see you." Malfoy slowly lowered himself back into his seat. "What number are you?" He asked after an uncomfortable silence. "Number twelve," Harry replied. The smirk was back on Malfoy's face as he looked at the seat to his immediate left. Harry looked down at it too and saw that it had a number twelve on it. Harry gulped. Then he slowly sat down next to Malfoy. Harry wasn't sure what to expect at this point. Should he talk to Malfoy? Surely it would be rude for him not to say another word to him throughout the whole match. Then again, Harry didn't know if Malfoy even wanted to talk to him at all. He internally laughed. There was no way Malfoy would want to idly chit chat with Harry. "So, Potter. How has life been treating you since Hogwarts?" Harry stared wide eyed at Malfoy, who was looking right back at him, an expression of genuine interest on his face. He realized that he was taking a while to reply, so he quickly stammered, "Not… Not too bad." Malfoy inquired further. "Did you fulfill your dream and become an Auror?" Harry found himself nodding, albeit a bit apprehensively. "Uh, yeah. Training took three years. I started right out of Hogwarts, so for the past year and a half or so, I've been working as an Auror." Malfoy just nodded. Suddenly realizing Malfoy was being perfectly polite, Harry decided to ask him about himself. "And you? What have you been up to." Malfoy smiled at the inquiry. "Oh, I opened an apothecary shortly after leaving Hogwarts. I'm proud to say it's very successful." Harry had to admit, he was impressed. Malfoy was clearly doing well for himself, and after the war and all that had happened, Harry realized he was glad to see Malfoy doing so well. They fell into a comfortable silence as people continued to pour in and take their seats in the stands. Harry took the opportunity to look Malfoy over out of the corner of his eye. Malfoy was fit, but not too much so, just in that perfect way Harry liked. His porcelain skin looked smooth and flawless and his face didn't seem as pointed as Harry remembered it. His hair was blond as ever, but wasn't slicked back, instead it hung loosely around his face at a flattering length. His eyes, too. How Harry had never noticed his gorgeous, intense grey eyes before he did not know. Basically, he was a vision to Harry. He mentally shook himself, forcing his eyes to look straight ahead. The game was about to start anyway. As the teams flew out onto the field, Harry couldn't help but chance another glance in Malfoy's direction. To his surprise, he found those dark grey eyes staring at him, a small half smile playing at those pink, slightly plump lips. Subconsciously, Harry found himself licking his own lips. Malfoy's smile grew wider as he spoke. "You know, I regret every day that I never made amends with you during our so called 'Eight Year.'" This surprised Harry quite a bit. "R-Really?" Malfoy nodded. "I will forever be grateful for what you did for me and my mother both during and after the war." Harry felt his face heat up. "I just did what I knew was right." Malfoy, continuing to pierce Harry with that intense stare, said, "Yes, yet most still believe we did not deserve it." He frowned slightly. Trying to convey the sincerity in his words through his tone of voice, Harry said, "Fuck them. I know what you did, I know you deserve it. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you and your mother. You knew it was me in the Manor. And your mother knew I was still alive but she didn't give me away to Voldemort in the forest. You deserve a lot of respect for that." He couldn't quite explain why he was suddenly getting so worked up about this. Malfoy however seemed to appreciate Harry's words. "That's very kind of you to say." He paused, glanced at the field, then said, "Wow, did you see save from the Cannon's keeper? Impressive, especially for their team." He made a deep sounding chuckle. Harry thought it was just about the sexiest sound he'd ever heard. Suddenly though, he realized that the game had started. He couldn't say how long they'd been playing, but the Tornadoes were already up by three goals. He had been so immersed in his conversation with Malfoy. He forced himself to focus on the game going on in front of him. He felt a hand lightly touch his right wrist and he very nearly jumped. He looked at Malfoy again, not exactly complaining. He tilted his head to the side slightly giving Malfoy a questioning look. He grinned, Harry was shocked to see, rather sheepishly. "Sorry to interrupt but I feel like I've been given an opportunity that I should make the most of." Harry knew his face was showing confusion at this statement because Malfoy continued. "Like I said I regret not being your friend at the very least during our last year at school." Harry understood. He held out a hand to Malfoy, a crooked smile gracing his face. Malfoy looked at his hand for a moment, then back up into Harry's eyes. He had a silly, bright grin plastered to his face as he reached his own hand out to Harry's and shaking it slowly. Harry couldn't be sure but he felt like their hands stayed connected a little longer than was necessary. "So, Potter. Did you end up marrying the Weasley girl? Have a ton of little ginger babies and all that?" There was a mischievous expression on Malfoy's face as he asked this. Harry rolled his eyes and could barely contain his laughter at this question. "Don't you read the Prophet? I'm very, very gay." "Oh, I've read the Prophet." Malfoy's smirk seemed to widen. "But I'm never quite sure what to believe in that paper." Harry snorted. "That's true. However, they were correct in their many stories about my sexuality." This time when he looked at Harry, Malfoy had a smile on his face, not his patented smirk. "Yes, it was a bit of overkill, all those stories about you being gay. Hell, the fact that the press still follows your every move nearly five years after all the articles about you saving the world had died down is pretty sad for them." "I hate it." Harry mumbled, just barely loud enough for Malfoy to hear. "It makes things… difficult." Malfoy raised an eyebrow. "How so?" Harry sighed, running a hand through his already disheveled hair. "It's just… I can never know if someone genuinely likes me or just wants me for my name and my fame, you know?" Harry saw Malfoy frowning again. "Ah, yes. I can see that being a problem." Not wanting to discuss himself any further, Harry asked, "What about you, Malfoy? Is there a special woman in your life?" Malfoy snorted in laughter. "No. Definitely not." He looked pointedly at Harry again before continuing. "I was set to marry a witch after Hogwarts, as most pureblood wizards are. With my father in Azkaban however, I told my mother I didn't wish to do so. You see I, like you Potter, am very, very gay." Harry tried his hardest not to gape. This stunning man before him, his former enemy, was telling him all this while never breaking eye contact. He sensed something in those dark, smoldering eyes that sent chills down his spine. Maybe it had just been too long since he'd been with anyone, Harry thought, and he was reading too much into Malfoy's words and expressions. Finally, once he was capable of forming words again, Harry said, "Well, that must have been a shock for your family." Malfoy nodded. "Yes, but my mother has always been understanding and supportive and like I said I didn't have to worry about my father since he was in Azkaban." Harry gulped, feeling rather warm suddenly. He turned his attention back to the game that he realized he hadn't paid the slightest bit of attention to. Apparently one of the players was injured, someone from the Cannons. While the officials were running out to help him, Harry noticed the large board, which usually showed the score, had been wiped blank for a second before showing the large lettered words, 'KISS CAM.' Then an image appeared of a happy looking couple in the crowd laughing as they gave each other a sweet peck on the lips. Harry laughed out loud. Malfoy looked at him curiously before asking, "What's so funny?" Harry pointed to the board. "'Kiss Cam'? I didn't know they did that at Quidditch matches. I've seen it at muggle sporting events, but I thought it was strictly a muggle thing." Malfoy shrugged. "I've seen it at Quidditch games before. At least within the past year." "Oh, you go to a lot of Quidditch games?" Harry asked. "I don't go nearly as often as I'd like. It's hard with my job and- why are you laughing?" Harry realized that, while he was talking, Malfoy's smile had grown wider and wider until he had burst out laughing. Harry looked around. People close to them in the crowd were pointing, grinning, and giggling at them. He looked back at Malfoy, confused. The blond pointed in front of them and Harry turned to look. There was a man flying on a broom, using his wand to hover a video camera in front of him. The video camera was pointing right and Harry and Malfoy. Sure enough, looking up at the board, Harry saw his own stunned face and Malfoy's face, full of amusement. His head snapped back to look at Malfoy, sputtering indignantly. He was positive his face was bright red. He didn't know what to do. Sure, the idea of kissing Malfoy wasn't unpleasant, quite the