So, I'm not surprised that I've come to a point in my life where my love for Harry Potter and my love for music have overlapped in the form of a story! I guess you could say this is a 'song fic'. Two songs play an important part in the story. I don't know. The two songs referenced in this are I Want To Tell You and I Want You (She's So Heavy) both by The Beatles. (I know, probably the two most random Beatles songs I could have picked, but what can I say? I was inspired and I thought they worked.) I'm pretty sure everyone knows The Beatles at least a little, but I highly recommend them and everything they've ever done! Okay, I'm done being a crazy music obsessed person. :P Also, I threw a brief explanation about this into the story, but let's pretend that mp3 players can work in Hogwarts… also that they even existed in the year this takes place… yeah… just use your imagination with this one. Oh, and I use the term mp3 player instead of, say, an iPod, I just felt like it worked better to be not-so-specific with the type of device. That's just my personal preference I suppose. Anyway, I hope you enjoy and please if you can let me know what you think! WARNINGS: Slight sexual themes, lots of swearing, a little OOCness I guess I think, FluffFluffFluff (what's new?) …that's all I can think of at the moment. DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything about Harry Potter OR The Beatles music. I make no money or anything like that from this. (I apologize for the endless blabbering, on with the story!) :-:-:-:-:-:-:-: Harry Potter's Muggle-Magic Music Contraption :-:-:-:-:-:-:-: Harry Potter woke suddenly. His eyes snapped open as he bolted upright in his bed. He blinked a few times, then rubbed his eyes. He looked around, but in the pitch-black darkness he could barely make out the curtains surrounding his bed. The Eighth Year boy's dormitory was completely silent. Instead of putting the oldest students back in their respective house dormitories, all those who had returned to complete their education, after having their seventh year disrupted by the war, had been put in a previously unoccupied tower. Despite many being skeptical about how it would work, having members of the different houses forced to live together, it had been surprisingly successful. Harry focused on what had caused him to wake up so abruptly. These dreams had gotten ridiculous. He'd dreamt about him many times before, yet every new dream shocked him as if it was the first. He'd grown accustomed to waking up with a thin sheet of sweat covering his skin and his pants feeling much tighter than they should. His conscious mind would remain filled with thoughts of blonde hair, pale skin, and grey eyes. He'd recall the imaginary sensations of delicate hands ghosting over his skin and plump pink lips pressing firmly against his. The dreams often went much farther than that. Most of them were sinfully dirty. However, some of the more recent ones, like the one Harry had just woken from, were a little different. They were more… innocent. Harry could vividly recall his most recent dream. They had been walking through Hogsmeade, hand in hand. Snow fell around them, which made sense as it was currently early February. They had stopped walking and turned to face each other. He had smiled happily as he raised a hand to run through Harry's hair, pushing off some snow that had collected there. He then leaned in to place a tender kiss on Harry's lips. That was it. That was the whole bloody dream. Harry thought to himself, it's one thing to have sex dreams about Draco Malfoy, it's another thing entirely to dream of being with him like that . They weren't exactly enemies anymore; their rivalry had ceased to be. But they were nowhere near friends. Something had changed though, that much was clear. Gone were the days of petty arguments, swapping insults, and continuous attempts to one up each other. They were civil, but in the sense that they tended to simply ignore one another. So why was Harry thinking of Malfoy in this way? At the very least in his subconscious. He supposed it had started upon their return to Hogwarts for this repeat year. Harry had noticed, from the first time he'd laid eyes on him after the war, that Malfoy appeared to be different. He would come to learn that Malfoy was now more reserved, not cocky or boastful or even just plain mean as he'd once been. Yet still, he was confident and proud, but in a respectable way now. He held his head high, determined to prove that he was no longer the scared boy who had been sucked into the wrong side of the war. Harry continuously watched him, despite the fact that Malfoy was apparently determined to disregard his existence. Harry noticed how he now interacted with his peers. He'd stopped trying to intimidate everyone. He no longer called muggleborns 'Mudbloods.' He treated everyone with equal respect, something Harry would never have expected from the Slytherin. Harry liked the new Malfoy he saw, even though that new Malfoy hadn't so much as looked his way so far this year. If Harry were to be honest with himself, he'd admit he resented that Malfoy refused to talk to him. Hell, refused to even look at him. Harry had seen how he now got along with all the students in their year. He was friendly with members of every house, purebloods, half-bloods, muggleborns… and yet he made no effort with Harry. He supposed that having put an end to their arguments and fights was better than nothing. Still, this flat-out avoidance bothered Harry to no end. It didn't help that Malfoy was absolutely fucking beautiful. Maybe he'd always been, Harry didn't know. Regardless, he hadn't noticed until they'd been thrown together again. That observation drove him mad. He had started popping up in Harry's sleeping mind not long into the school year. The dreams had increased in frequency as time went on. Harry had no trouble admitting that he thought Malfoy was good looking, and figured the dreams were just a result of his hormones running wild. It was only within the past month or so that they had changed from purely sexual into something more… romantic? Harry wasn't sure if that was the right word, or maybe he just didn't want that to be the right word. He had never even considered that these dreams might mean he had feelings for the Slytherin. Harry looked at his watch. It was nearing one in the morning. He'd never woken up in the middle of the night because of one of these dreams before. In fact, these dreams were probably what helped him most to sleep through the night, after everything he'd gone through during the previous year. He felt frustrated. He needed a distraction if he was going to fall back asleep. He pulled his curtains open and swung his legs over the edge of his bed, his bare feet landing on the cold wood floor. He grabbed his glasses from his nightstand and shoved them on his face. He found his trunk and knelt down to open it. He began to search for his mp3 player. (Certain muggle electronics now worked in the castle and were permitted to be owned by students in an effort to promote education about the muggle world.) He groaned in further frustration when he couldn't find it. He stood up, trying to think of where it could possibly be. He searched his bed, tearing through his sheets and pillowcases. He got down on his hands and knees to search underneath his bed as well. He looked on his nightstand and in its drawers. Then he rummaged through his trunk one more time before sighing defeatedly. He must have left it in the common room. He was so desperate to have his music for a distraction that he decided he would go down and comb the large, dimly lit room for the rather small item. He stood once again and began heading for the door that led downstairs. Just as he was reaching for the doorknob, he noticed something that made him pause. Malfoy's curtains were open and he wasn't in his bed. Harry squinted, trying to better see through the darkness. He didn't see any movement by the water jug on the windowsill that the house elves always left out, and he knew no one was in the bathroom since there was no light coming from the adjacent room. He didn't know what he should do. Perhaps Malfoy wasn't in the common room. Maybe he'd snuck out of the tower to go to the kitchens, or somewhere else. On second thought, he doubted that. After the war, Malfoy had been placed on probation. Harry knew he wasn't likely to risk getting into trouble by sneaking out to wander the castle in the middle of the night. Was it worth going downstairs if it meant he might run into Malfoy? Harry worried that seeing the subject of his dream so soon after waking up would do all sorts of horrible things to his brain. They'd be completely alone together for the first time. There would be no one else around to act as a buffer. Then again, if Harry did run into him, he would most likely be ignored as usual, so maybe it wouldn't be that big of a deal. He made up his mind. He returned to the door. Once it was open, a soft light hit his eyes. Going from pitch black to even the lowest of lights shocked his system for a split second. Once his eyes were adjusted to the light, he stepped out of the dorm and closed the door noiselessly behind him. He made his way quietly down the stairs. Continuing to wonder if he would come across the star of his dreams, he stepped lightly off the last step. He came to a dead stop when his question was answered. The unmistakable head of platinum blonde hair was the first thing he saw. He noted that Malfoy was sitting on a couch facing away from him. Harry knew Malfoy wasn't yet unaware that he had company because he heard the blonde muttering something to himself. Not caring one bit that he was being extremely creepy by not immediately announcing his presence, Harry took a few cautious steps forward. Malfoy had stopped talking and was staring at something in his hands. Harry took one final step towards the couch, getting just close enough that he could see over Malfoy's shoulder. He was shocked when he recognized the object in Malfoy's hands as his mp3 player. Earbud headphones sat in Malfoy's ears, their wire flowing down to connect to the device. Harry's initial thought was that he would yank the earbuds out of Malfoy's ears and demand to know why he was stealing his stuff. However, before he could execute his plan, Malfoy started muttering again. This time, Harry was close enough to hear what he said. "Damn it, Potter… and damn this song for always reminding me of you…" Harry immediately ceased all movement when he heard his name. He had to ponder what song Malfoy could be talking about that apparently reminded his former rival of him. He couldn't even begin to think of a specific song, as he had a plethora of music on that device. He didn't have to wonder for long, though. Once again, before Harry could have any reaction, Malfoy opened his mouth. He began singing softly. The second Harry heard the first line, he knew what song it was. After all, this was his mp3 player with his music on it. Plus, he was a huge Beatles fan. He