Author's Note: This fic is dedicated to misshoneywell, whose idea it was in the first place. Thanks for coming up with this brilliant idea months ago and letting me do something with it. Huge thanks to my beta, atetheredmind, for her stellar and super speedy work. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. Peeta Mellark had been her best friend since she was eleven. Until that point, she'd had no trouble making friends. Katniss was a lively child, raised by loving parents who encouraged her to sing and laugh, and with a baby sister who giggled at every funny face she made. She carried this attitude into school and moved seamlessly from one group of friends to another. Her teachers described her as eager and bright; her biggest flaw was a quick temper, usually exacerbated by her own failures or fierce protectiveness over those closest to her. When she was eleven years old, however, her father's life was claimed by a drunk driver—her daddy , the calm voice that sang her to sleep and made her laugh when she was in her cruelest tempers. With him went her mother, for all intents and purposes. Of all her school mates, the only one who made an appearance at the funeral was Peeta, which came as a great shock to her; in all her time at school, they'd hardly shared more than a passing greeting. He was exceptionally shy around girls, it seemed, because he had no trouble talking with all the boys about sports and super heroes and video games, but he had never once approached her. He had round, red cheeks, pudgy knees, a baby belly he hadn't grown out of (not unlike others his age), and a short frame, as yet unchanged by puberty. Through her grief, through the lowering of her father's coffin into the ground and her sister's hands tugging desperately at the skirt of her only black dress, she focused on him. She focused on him because it was easier than feeling the absence of her mother at her side—and because Peeta's presence was so unlikely and so odd. He had come alone. In the distance she thought she could see his cherry red bicycle propped against the gate of the cemetery, the one she'd seen him ride home day after day, hopelessly trying to keep up with his older, more athletic brothers. He wore a button-down shirt, untucked over his belly, and sleeves that extended past his fingertips. He distractedly tugged on his cuffs and shifted a brown paper bag from one hand to the other, glancing up to meet her eyes every so often before letting them flit away quickly. She wondered why he had come, how he'd even known, and why he was by himself. It kept her from thinking too long about why none of her other friends had shown up. After the funeral ended, as her Uncle Haymitch led Katniss and Prim away, she felt a tug on her sleeve, too high for Prim to reach. She turned around and met Peeta's ruddy, round face. His blue eyes were glassy. Haymitch picked up a crying Prim and headed toward the car. "I, um," he started, shifting from foot to foot in red Spider-Man sneakers, wholly incongruous with the rest of his outfit. "I'm so sorry, Katniss." His voice cracked on the last syllable of her name, not uncommon for boys in her grade, but the raspy whisper of his voice comforted her; she knew it matched how her own voice would sound if she could form words at the moment. He shakily held the paper bag out to her, and she took it tentatively, furrowing dark brows at him. "It's all, um, I could get. I'm sorry, I—" he trailed off, distracted by something on the ground. He bent over, his blonde curls flopping into his face, and plucked a yellow flower from the ground. "Here." He held it out to her, offered a small, pained smile, and turned on his heels, almost tripping over his khaki pants to get to his bike. Her hand grew hot from the warmth seeping from the bottom of the bag, and she peeked in to find a loaf of fresh bread, presumably from his family's bakery. She inhaled deeply, closing the bag and holding it to her chest, an unlikely source of warmth on the damp, overcast morning, and walked over to Prim, tucking the flower behind the girl's ear to earn her sister's first smile in days. In the weeks and months and years that followed, Katniss took to sitting next to Peeta at lunch. And in classes, when she could. And after school, at each other's houses. She no longer felt herself to be the friendly, easygoing girl she had once been and, at a loss to explain herself and unable to forgive friends who seemed to shirk from a young, grieving girl, she clung to Peeta as her only friend. He, in turn, did the same. He still spent time with the boys in P.E. class or for birthday sleepovers, but Katniss was his best friend— for life , he'd told her. With her, he stopped being shy or sheepish. In fact, in private she found he had plenty to say, things that made her laugh and roll her eyes and pinch his arm. Sometimes, she wondered how he never seemed to run out of words. Unlike the other boys, he didn't talk to her about video games or sports he pretended to like; he spoke about his beloved charcoal set, or the color of the sky after a storm, or the best way to make a really good whipped cream. By the time they entered high school, Katniss' slim legs had lengthened, and she grew modest curves that were mostly hidden, apathetically, in plain, practical clothing. Peeta had hit a growth spurt, too, but due to the stocky frame he inevitably inherited like the rest of the men in his family, his figure didn't lengthen enough to hide his still pudgy arms, rotund stomach, and chubby cheeks. Girls he'd never bothered talking to in elementary school started teasing him, pinching his belly or calling him a "heifer." The latter comment he'd heard early in junior high, and he ran home, almost in tears, to ask his father what the word meant. His father hedged, and his mother told him to "suck it up and, for the last time, stay away from the sweets." He was strong, though, strong enough to lift heavy bags in the bakery, or to hoist Katniss halfway up his body so she could reach the sweets Haymitch hid at the top of the refrigerator. The latter favor he was more than happy to oblige. He was a slow runner, he knew that—always had been. When he and Katniss would race to the playground or, in later years, to the brook in the woods, she always won. She dodged people and trees, her gamine figure springing on light legs, hardly disturbing the terrain beneath her feet. She never teased him when she won. Just collapsed in a fit of giggles or, as she got older, gave him a sly smile when he came huffing and puffing behind, cheeks pink and hair askew. He thought they made an odd pair, the two of them. The oddness, he thought sadly, surely rested with him. Katniss thought they were perfect. He was perfect. When she got to school, she pulled herself onto the high ledge of the wall in front of the library. From this vantage point, she could see all the students meandering through the front gates of the high school in the early morning. She spotted Madge Undersee, who shot Katniss a quick smile, which she returned. Katniss kept scanning the crowd. Her eyesight was sharp, but that was incidental; she could have picked him out of the thickest of crowds. She soon spotted him, the sun glinting off his near golden hair. He kept his head down and hands on his backpack straps as he made his way through the throng of students. He was wearing her favorite blue flannel shirt. He didn't know it was her favorite. Her mouth could never form those words, certainly not to him. But she beamed anyway, before schooling her features into that of a more restrained joy. He made his way toward the library and saw her immediately. He knew to look up. "Hey spider-woman, wanna come down from there?" "Can't," she replied, looking dramatically off into the distance. "Vigilante justice to exact." "Uh huh," he said sarcastically, pulling a paper bag from his backpack. "Like you've ever done any good on an empty stomach." He dangled the bag in front of her. She was starving. She would have to needle Haymitch into grocery shopping again, or at least steal his wallet and make a run tonight. She had given the last of the cereal to Prim this morning. Peeta couldn't wrangle treats from the bakery often, but he always seemed to know when she needed them. He put the bag down and held out his arms. Her heart rate sped up. She shimmied to the edge and his large hands spanned her waist, lifting her effortlessly and bringing her down. She grasped his shoulders tightly, a little light-headed from more than an empty stomach. She held on as long as possible before he gave her a smile and bent over to pick up the bag. "Gross, Mellark!" came a high pitched-voice. "I can see your ass hanging out! Get your mommy to buy you some bigger jeans." "Fuck off, Glimmer!" Katniss shot back. "Get your mommy to buy you a new nose." The blonde let out a sharp gasp, her eyes murderous. Katniss walked a few steps towards her and Glimmer backed away, storming off with her gaggle of followers. Katniss may have been small, but people knew not to mess with her when she got that look in her eye. Peeta had yet to turn around, one hand clutching the bag and the other fiddling nervously at his waistband. "Peeta, just forget it. She's—" "Katniss, stop. It's fine," he said. It was his usual refrain when things like this happened. Someone would say something nasty—not always , Peeta was well-liked among his peers, but there were always a few who liked to make his life miserable for no apparent reason—and then Katniss would shoot back, and Peeta would beg her to forget it. "She's an ugly cow!" she finished, undeterred by his plea. He laughed bitterly. "No, she's not." Katniss frowned, unsure why he would believe the bottle blonde in the push-up bra was worth defending. She glared after Glimmer, who tottered on wedges in a short denim skirt. Katniss ran her fingers along the neck of her loose black t-shirt self-consciously. From the corner of her eye, she noticed Peeta staring at Glimmer's group, too, but he was pulling at his shirt as if trying to create space between it and his body. "Hey," she said, wrapping her fingers around his strong wrist. "Stop it. I like this shirt. You're going to stretch it out." "I already have," he mumbled, staring at his stomach. "Hey!" she repeated, more sharply this time. Bright blue eyes met her own. "There is nothing wrong with you. I like this shirt. And these jeans." He smiled tentatively at her. "They make your ass look good," she said in a mock-joking voice, hoping her face didn't turn red. He laughed, deep and rich. It was her favorite sound. "Your hair, though," she continued, reaching up and tugging at a curl that refused to sit flat, "is ridiculous." He smirked and smacked her hand away. "All right, all right, shut up and eat your cinnamon roll," he replied, pulling it out of the bag. Some of the frosting stayed on his fingers, and he wiped them on the paper. She wished he