Author's Note: This is a one-shot from the "No Surprises" universe, written for misshoneywell on her birthday because she is just fantastic all around, and a great friend. It's mostly fluff and some other things that require an M rating. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. Thump, thump, thump. "Jonah!" A giggle sounded from the front hall, probably the closet. Katniss groaned in frustration, but she couldn't keep the smile off of her face. He was too deceptively cute to be such a handful. Luckily for her, he seemed to have inherited his father's heavy footfalls because as good as Jonah was at cramming himself into tight hiding spots, he could never disguise his little run, or even his anxious giggles when he could sense someone getting closer. "I wonder where Jonah went!" she said loudly, sighing to herself. She heard another muffled giggle and tiptoed closer to the closet. She spread her feet wide to block him from slipping away, and braced herself before swinging the door open. He squealed from underneath a pile of coats. "Found you!" she said, and Jonah dissolved in a fit of laughter. Katniss plucked a yellow raincoat off his head to find his golden curls matted into his eyes. "Come on, peanut," she said, picking him up before he could protest. He relaxed into his mother's arms, still giggling into her shoulder. But when she carried him into the kitchen and set him into his high chair again, he started to squirm. Katniss held onto his chubby, dimpled knees and gave him a stern look. "Come on, love. Be good," she said, forcing striped socks onto his little feet. She was having to get used to the process of dressing him in stages, usually after chasing him from one room to another. Jonah loved preschool and, much like his father, charmed everyone around him, toddlers and teachers alike. It was the whole getting-ready-for-school part he wasn't such a fan of, and it utterly exhausted her. Katniss wanted to resent Peeta for never being around during this early morning wrangling process, but she wasn't exactly volunteering to get up at 3 am to run the bakery either. And at this moment, when her husband stumbled in through the front door, practically dead on his feet, she remembered why. "Hi, baby," Peeta said through a yawn, shuffling over to Katniss and planting a kiss to her temple. "Hi, baby," he said, blowing a raspberry on Jonah's fat cheek. The little boy squealed and wiggled in his chair. "Peeta, do not rile him up," Katniss said, her admonishment losing some of its punch since she said it through a smile. "It took me this long to get him to sit still." Peeta had slumped into a chair across from his son and she felt as though this sight would never fail to make her heart clench— her two boys, both with dimples and golden curls, the only notable difference being the silvery gray of Jonah's eyes and the olive tint to his skin. She would have loved her child no matter what, and fiercely— Peeta had assured her of that often enough during the terrifying months that led up to Jonah's birth. But there was something about the blending of her features and her husband's— on top of how much Jonah reminded her of a young Peeta— that made her melt in a way that was completely uncharacteristic (and definitely embarrassing). There had never been any question in her mind that she would end up being the "bad cop" as a parent; she knew she could be stern and unyielding, where Peeta was good-natured and patient, almost to a fault. But she was beginning to question the accuracy of those roles, especially of late. Katniss sliced banana into a small cup of strawberry yogurt, but she knew Jonah would need more coaxing than that to finish his breakfast, so she found a mini cinnamon donut in a basket on their counter top (one that was inevitably filled with all kinds of leftover baked goods Peeta would bring home) and slid it onto his plate. When she turned back to them, she found Peeta lacing up Jonah's red sneakers, only occasionally interrupted by a playful kick of their son's leg. It was clear Peeta was exhausted, but he only tickled Jonah's side to distract him, gave him a tired smile, and forged on. Something about his helpful dedication to the task, in spite of the fact that he was about to pass out, made Katniss want to jump him. She walked over and put the plate on Jonah's tray, handing him a small spoon. At the same moment she ran her hand through Jonah's hair, she leaned down to press a kiss into Peeta's; his was coarse and thick to Jonah's fine strands, but neither curly mop ever stayed down properly and she relished the disorder. The moment was short lived, however, because as soon as she went to the sink, her son squealed. Katniss jumped, her reflexes kicking in before she could drop the mug she was holding. "Daddy!" Jonah whined. When Peeta didn't respond, she looked over her shoulder…to find his cheeks stuffed full and cinnamon sugar all over his lips. "Peeta! Did you steal his donut?" "My donut!" Jonah shouted, flicking yogurt off the end of his spoon. It ended up on Peeta's face, which made him do a bad imitation of his wife's scowl. Katniss and Jonah both laughed. "Peeta, you were at the bakery all morning! Why'd you have to steal his donut?" He merely shrugged innocently at her, but she narrowed her eyes in response. Despite perpetually smelling of it, Peeta didn't even like cinnamon very much. Before she could voice her suspicion though, a horn beeped from outside. "Crap, that's Delly," Katniss said, running into the living room to grab her son's matching red backpack. "Cwap!" Jonah screamed from Peeta's arms as he carried him into the living room. Peeta gasped dramatically at his wife, letting his jaw drop open. She merely rolled her eyes and rooted through the pile of coats now on the floor of the front closet. "Thievery! Cursing. What are we teaching our son?" Peeta asked, shaking his head in mock shame. "To fend for himself in the world," Katniss said dryly, taking Jonah from Peeta's arms. "Okay, tyke. Say goodbye to daddy." "Goodbye to daddy!" he said, his syllables running together in a toddler garble. Peeta wiped yogurt from his son's lips and gave him a kiss before Katniss set him on his feet. "Bye, sugar bean. Be good at school," Peeta said, trying to artfully arrange Jonah's hair while Katniss shoved his chubby arms into a yellow raincoat. He clung to his mother's legs and when Peeta stood, she leaned into him and whispered in his ear, "Go take a shower. You stink." Katniss swung Jonah up and out the front door before Peeta could respond. "Thanks for waiting," she told Delly when she reached the car, opening the back door and depositing Jonah in the second car seat next to Alexander with a kiss. The two boys were giggling at each other and trading toys before she could get the door closed. Delly had the front passenger window rolled down and Katniss stuck her head in. "Thank you, Del," she said in a practiced monotone. "Yeah, yeah," Delly said, waving her off with a smile and looking entirely too put together for a busy mom charged with running the toddler carpool for the week. "Enjoy your day off," she added, waggling her eyebrows. Katniss rolled her eyes. "Keep it clean in front of the children," Katniss scolded sarcastically. "Oh, they don't know what I'm saying! Do you, you pudgy little goobers?" "Delly!" Katniss said with a laugh. "Better not let Peeta hear you say that." "Oh, please! He's so ridiculous. Besides," she added, raising her eyebrows at Katniss, "you know you love Jonah all chubbed up." Katniss tried to keep her expression stoic, but her gaze drifted to her son, his pants riding up to dimpled knees because he couldn't keep his legs still. "But look at his cute, fat little legs!" she said in a voice that she'd only ever let Delly or her husband hear. "I know, you're both just so adorable, I'm gonna eat you up!" Delly cooed as she and Katniss looking lovingly at their little boys in the backseat. "Okay," Katniss said after a moment, straightening up and lowering her voice. "Get out of here before we lose more brain cells." "Bye, softie! Your secret is safe!" Delly shouted when she finally pulled away. Katniss gave her a lazy wave and waited for the car to turn the corner before running up the drive. She hurried through the front door, locking it behind her, and took the stairs two at a time, shedding clothing as she went. When she reached their bedroom, she slowed her pace, her feet soundless on the hardwood leading to their bathroom. She smiled when she heard the shower still running. The bathroom was full of steam, only slowly escaping through the small, open window. When Katniss pulled the shower curtain back, she found Peeta standing with his head bowed under the spray, listing forward as if he were about to pass out. Katniss pulled the curtain back further, the metal hooks screeching against the shower rod, and his head shot up. It was slightly amusing to see water fall into his open mouth while he shook his wet, shaggy hair out of his face; but it didn't stop her brow from furrowing in concern. "Peeta, don't fall asleep in the shower, please," she scolded, moving behind him and pulling the curtain shut. She pressed up against his back and wrapped her arms around him. Her fingers moved up and down his chest almost unconsciously, tracing patterns on skin she knew as well as her own. "You told me I stunk," he almost whined, turning around and enveloping her in a hug. He nuzzled his face into her neck, something he was normally too tall to do with her comfortably, but took frequent advantage of when they were horizontal. "You always do what I tell you?" she teased. He lifted his head and raised an eyebrow in response. "You're right. Good boy." Katniss patted his cheek condescendingly and he smacked her ass. "Hey!" she yelped, pushing on his chest and forcing him against the tiled wall. Peeta gave her a lazy, mischievous smile, and blatantly ogled her naked body. "Not that I'm complaining, but didn't you take a shower last night?" "Jonah got food in my hair," she lied, ducking her head under the spray and wetting her hair. "He got some on my face," Peeta said. "That kid has your aim." Katniss merely smirked proudly in response. "Not to mention all that cinnamon," she added casually. "Huh?" he asked. Her eyes darted to Peeta and found him staring at her breasts. She rolled her eyes and stepped closer to him, tipping his chin up to force his gaze to meet hers. "From the donut you stole from your three-year-old," she said pointedly. "Mmm," he hummed absently, leaning down to capture her lips. She opened her mouth to his searching tongue and kissed him hotly, her fingers tightening in his wet curls. Peeta pulled her closer, forcing her wet, petite frame against his body. "Peeta," she panted, breaking away from his mouth. He merely groaned in response. She put her hands on his chest and forced him back; he eyed her in a confused daze. "Peeta," she repeated, more lowly this time, and leaned in to trail kisses along his neck. She paused right before she got to his favorite spot. "You don't even like cinnamon donuts." "They're okay," he said breathlessly, trying to force her head back to his neck. Katniss obliged for the moment, moving up to the edge of