Author's Note: I originally meant to write this as a Christmas gift for my friends in the fandom. It is obviously belated, but hopefully better than nothing. :) Rated M. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. "Oh my god, that looks amazing," Katniss says, leaning against the doorjamb in the kitchen. Much to his son's disappointment, Peeta refused to ice his birthday cake with black icing, despite Ben's Batman-themed party. But Peeta being Peeta, he worked around that little hiccup beautifully and is now bent over a giant cake with deep blue icing and comic book script spelling out "splat!" and "kapow!" in between various yellow bat symbols. Now, he's just working on the actual Batman silhouette itself to top off the cake. Peeta's eyes shoot up at the sound of her voice, though she notices his hand never falters. The brow that was wrinkled in concentration smooths out, and he gives her a blinding smile. " You look amazing," he responds, dragging his gaze up her body slowly. Katniss scoffs. She's been frantically cleaning the house all morning. Sweaty hair is escaping her braid, and her clothes- a decidedly unsexy pair of sweatpants and a too-large flannel she borrowed from her boyfriend- are covered in dust. "No, seriously. Come here," Peeta says. "No, don't even think about it," Katniss says. "I'm filthy. I'm not getting near that cake." Peeta rounds the table, and she notes in amusement that his fingertips are stained with food coloring. "Stop," she laughs, walking backward out of the kitchen as he narrows his eyes and stalks her across the space. When he reaches her, she smacks his hands away from where they're reaching for her waist. "Peeta, I mean it! I'm covered in chemicals!" He dutifully puts his hands behind his back and she relaxes, but that doesn't stop him from leaning down and placing an open-mouthed kiss to the underside of her jaw. "What did I just say?" His mouth moves across her jawline and to her chin, and she can't help but let out a breathy laugh when he nips it, weakening her stern exterior. "Did you apply the chemicals with your mouth?" "No," she says with a glare. "Then I think we're good." He goes in for a kiss, biting her top lip when she doesn't open up to him immediately. "Pig," Katniss laughs, unable to keep the scowl on her face. He takes the opportunity to give her a searing kiss, teasingly licking into her mouth and then retracting his tongue before she can meet it with her own. "Mmm," he hums, kissing his way to her ear. "You smell like lemon and disinfectant." Before he can take her earlobe into his mouth (a weakness of hers he knows all too well), she pulls away from him and runs behind the couch. "Get away and finish the cake! It's your son's birthday. Behave yourself." "Yeah, it's my birthdayyyyyy!" Both Katniss and Peeta jump at this intrusion as Ben runs into the room, his arms spread wide and a dark towel fluttering behind him where it's attached around his shoulders. "Buddy, did you destroy another one of my towels?" Peeta asks, sighing deeply. "No, Dad, this is the same one as before!" Katniss tries to stifle her laugh, but when Peeta gives her an unamused look, she knows she was unsuccessful. Ben has been in the habit of taking Peeta's linens and poking holes in the corners so he can attach them around his shoulders like a cape, using safety pins and, impressively, sometimes even his K'Nex pieces. "Besides, maybe someone got me a real cape for my birthday!" he says with wide eyes. Katniss and Peeta look at each other over his head. She's as much of a sucker for those hopeful puppy dog eyes as Peeta is. But then, Katniss is a slave to all blue eyes of the Mellark variety, it seems. "Yeah, maybe!" Peeta says in mock excitement. "Or maybe you got a big box of towels!" "Daaad," Ben groans and rolls his eyes. He learned that from you , Peeta mouths to Katniss. She blinks at him in exaggerated innocence. "Is my cake ready yet?!" Ben asks, his excitement hardly waning. "Nope, not yet, dude. No peeking!" Peeta shoos him away from the kitchen. "Go make sure your room is clean before the party, okay?" "I already took care of it," Katniss says. Peeta arches a brow at her- there have been many times where he's insisted that she doesn't need to do things for Ben that he can do himself. No matter how much she wants to win his son over, Peeta is determined that Ben shouldn't be spoiled; on top of that, he's always insistent that Ben already adores Katniss. She can't help but to be in constant doubt of that. "The birthday boy shouldn't have to clean," Katniss finishes with a shrug. "Say 'Thank you, Kat-'" "Thank you, Katniss!" Ben yells over his dad, tackling Katniss with a hug. He really does hate cleaning his room. Katniss awkwardly wraps her arms around him, trying not to cover him in chemicals, too. But she can't stop the pleased flush from overtaking her face. Peeta just watches her with a warm, intimate smile, and she tries not to fidget under his gaze. "You should really finish my cake though, Dad." "Oh, should I?" Peeta asks, crossing his arms over his chest. "Yeah, everyone's gonna be here soon!" Ben insists, ignoring his father's affronted look. Katniss' eyes dart to the clock, seeing that it's only an hour until people start arriving. "Oh crap!" she says, before her hands fly up to her mouth. "Sorry, sorry!" She grimaces and looks over at Ben, hoping he didn't hear her. "It's okay, Katniss," Peeta says. "You're an adult, you can use that language. Ben, on the other hand..." "Can't say that because it's a bad word," Ben finishes dejectedly. "Unless?" Peeta prompts. "Unless you finally get me a dog. Then I can say it because I'll be the one helping clean it up." "There ya go," Peeta says with a wink. Ben's mouth screws up, struggling to maintain a scowl, but when Peeta continues to smile at him, Ben gives up the attempt, and a giggle escapes. "Father of the year," Katniss says dryly. "In my heart, I am. In Ben's heart." Peeta swoops in before Ben can protest, and scoops the boy up, throwing him over his shoulder. "Dad!" he laughs, clutching to the back of Peeta's shirt. He's almost too big to fit over Peeta's shoulders now, and Katniss thinks that if Peeta weren't so broad, he wouldn't be able to do it at all. But that doesn't stop him from spinning Ben around and making his cape flap until they're both red-faced. Katniss rolls her eyes good-naturedly at both of them. "I'm going to take a shower!" she says loudly over top of them. She begins to move from the room, anxiety settling back into her gut at the thought of what today might hold. But a knock on the door stops her. "What- we're supposed to have another hour!" Katniss says frantically. Peeta stops spinning in place, and sets Ben on his feet. Before he can stop him, Ben is running to open the door. "Hey! What did I tell you about answering the door?" Peeta says fruitlessly to his son's retreating back. Katniss is quicker, and she moves swiftly through the living room to grab Ben before he can swing the door open. He stops and moves dutifully behind her. When Katniss opens the front door, she's met with a blinding sight. "Mom!" Ben yells, moving around Katniss to launch himself at her. Delly drops down and wraps her arms around him, looking like she wants to pick him up but can't quite manage it anymore. Katniss' heart drops to her stomach, and no matter how much she had mentally prepared herself for today, it seems it wasn't enough to keep her screaming self-doubt at bay. Delly looks perfect, as always. Her blonde hair is curled and bouncy, framing her round face, and going perfectly with her frilly sundress. When she stops showering her son with kisses and nearly crying over her "birthday boy" while Ben whines and tries to squirm away, Delly stands up straight in her wedges and looms over Katniss. She pulls at the sweaty flannel she's wearing. "Katniss!" Delly exclaims, trying to pull her in for a hug. "It's so good to see you again!" "Oh, no!" Katniss insists, moving backward, "I'm filthy. I don't wanna get you all gross with dust mites." Delly looks her up and down with concern, before leaning in to give Katniss a kiss on both cheeks instead, leaving Katniss to blink back at her awkwardly. "Peeta!" Delly admonishes, moving both Ben and Katniss inside with a hand on their backs before closing the door behind her. "You made Katniss clean for Ben's party?" Peeta moves to give his ex-wife a big hug. Delly's hard look melts at this, and she gives a small, delighted squeak. Katniss' heart stops pounding only when Peeta gives her a secret, exasperated look over Delly's shoulder. "She insisted, Dell. You try stopping Katniss from doing something she wants to do." "Oh, well..." she says, looking between the both of them and sending Katniss a wink. "I see who wears the pants in this relationship." Katniss wants to hate her. She really does. She wants to read some double meaning into her words, but there's nothing artificial about Delly. In the few times Katniss has met her, she's been nothing but heartfelt and sincere. If she had thought Peeta was the most earnest person she'd ever met, he was nothing to Delly. Which almost makes it worse. How perfect these two seem for each other. "I should really shower," Katniss mutters, wiping hair from her forehead. "Oh gosh, and put the rest of us to shame, why don't you?" Delly teases. Katniss gives her a wan smile. "Katniss is terrible with compliments," Peeta explains, and she glares at him dangerously. "Just give her more and watch her squirm. It's my favorite." He smiles unrepentantly at her and the presence of Ben and Delly is the only thing keeping Katniss from snapping at him. "Oh, leave her alone," Delly says, smacking his arm. "You're the one keeping her so trim, I bet! Filling her with baked goods and then forcing her to clean your house to work it off!" "Hey!" Peeta protests, and Ben laughs. This draws Delly's attention back to him, and she starts wiping something off her son's cheek until pushes her hands away. "But really, Katniss, I don't know how you do it." "Well...you look great," Katniss offers weakly. "Thank you!" Delly says, straightening up and patting her dress down over her stomach. "I've lost 5 pounds in the last two weeks! Who knew giving up carbs would do so much?" "You gave up carbs?" Peeta asks in disgust, his expression going sour. "I know, I know," Delly says, waving him off and turning to Katniss. "You'd think I told him the world ended." "Carbs are my bread and butter!" Peeta argues. "Oh god," Delly moans, rolling her eyes, and it's the first time Katniss has seen that expression from her. "The puns. How do you stand it? Isn't he the worst?" Katniss can't stand it. Not the sweet ribbing of a man both of them have had, whom she feels like she's actually sharing in this moment. He gives her a sweet, secret smile from where he stands behind Delly, but their comfort in this situation is only making her feel like the splinter that's being rejected from this perfect domestic situation- the three blondes looking completely blissful and so like the ideal family portrait that Katniss wants to flee. "I've really gotta clean up before it gets too late," Katniss says apologetically to the