She is fifty miles from home, surrounded by people she doesn't know, in the midst of a setting she'd only ever seen in TV shows before this day— a large lecture hall filled with stadium-like rows built for a huge number of students. Yet, as soon as Katniss sits down, the back of her neck prickles with a sensation that is eerily familiar. She pulls her braid over her shoulder, using the opportunity to crane her neck back so she can surreptitiously scan her surroundings. Her teeth tug at her lower lip self-consciously when she catches the curious stares of the students in the seats behind her, and she's just about to turn back and pretend she was merely stretching when she spots him. Bright blues eyes widen, then flit away. Without thinking, Katniss sits up and leans towards him, as if better posture can improve her vision and confirm that, yes, Peeta Mellark is in her lecture hall, and not unlike he did at the age of 11, 12, 13 and pretty much every year after that, he'd been staring at the back of her head in the middle of a classroom. As if sensing that he can't really get away with averting his gaze and pretending he hadn't seen her— not when they're in the same class, in the same school (a fact she'd previously been unaware of)— Peeta glances back at her and smiles sheepishly, the right corner of his mouth tugging to the side until a dimple appears. He gives a short wave, too, then focuses back on his notebook. Her mouth is agape and it takes her a moment to realize it, but as she hears the professor clearing her throat from the lectern at the front, she lets her jaw snap shut and slowly turns forward. It's impossible to feel violated, as much as she wants to. Because, for one thing, it's Peeta Mellark . And while she's scarcely shared more than a few words with him in all the years they've gone to school together, she knows he's too sweet and good-natured to ever be considered threatening. Only he could get away with staring at a girl year after year like she was a science project and still come off as well-meaning and harmless. And secondly, she's the one in foreign territory. Peeta, along with the majority of her graduating class, had gone to college right after graduation and was currently in his second year while Katniss is just getting her feet wet as a freshman. She had stayed behind for a year to save up money and help her sister through her first year of high school. It hadn't even registered to her that Peeta would attend one of the nearby state colleges. Her good friend Madge did, but if Katniss ever had to guess where Peeta Mellark would end up, she'd have assumed he got some wrestling scholarship or went to a fancy private school his parents could afford. But really, more than anything, after being away from her sister for the longest period in her life, struggling to find her way through the sprawling campus, and having to adjust to rooming with three girls, the familiarity of having his curious eyes on her is something she can take secret comfort in, eerie or not. "Well, this is familiar." Madge's droll voice cuts into her thoughts, ones Katniss can't quite recall as she shakes herself out of a daze. "What?" Katniss asks defensively at Madge's knowing smirk. "I dunno, just you and Peeta Mellark…staring at each other from across the room." Katniss' eyes bug out and Madge's grin only widens. Before Katniss can respond, in what would probably be embarrassing sputters, her friend continues. "I mean, it's kind of comforting. Good to know you're settling in." Katniss' eyes narrow, but Madge merely picks up her sandwich and takes a dainty bite, beyond used to being on the receiving end of that scowl. "I don't even know what you're talking about. I was just staring off into space. Probably because if I have to hear you talk about which nail polish colors you're choosing between again, I'm gonna stab myself with a fork." At this, Katniss does stab her fork into a piece of chicken on her plate, the teriyaki sauce only somewhat improving its rubbery texture. " Snow Me White …I decided like five minutes ago. If you'd been paying attention." Katniss scrunches up her nose at this, wondering when simple choices like cerulean blue and forest green were thrown by the wayside; but then, the fact that she would choose a nail polish color by the names of Crayons is probably why she never goes with Madge to get manicures. "And we weren't staring at each other!" Katniss blurts out, still troubled by Madge's comment and her insufferable nonchalance about it. "I didn't even know he went here. I was surprised. For someone who gossips as much as you, you managed to leave out that little tidbit." Madge takes a sip of her sparkling water, refusing to rise to the bait. "Well, why didn't you ask me about it when you saw him, then? Unless you had spotted him already and just wanted to admire from afar." Katniss is regretting college more and more by the minute, especially her decision to room with the girl across from her. "Maybe I just wanted him to know what it feels like," she snaps, hating the petulance in her voice. "Well, I'm sure he does now," Madge says. "He probably felt your creeper gaze on him—" Katniss drops her plastic fork with a clatter to the table. "You are such—" "Because he's staring at you right now," Madge finishes. Katniss only just stops herself from whipping her head around to exactly where she knows he's sitting in the crowded student union. She spares Madge a quick glare, before slowly raising her eyes to his. His mouth drops open, clearly caught off guard again at being spotted, which is a little ridiculous, Katniss thinks with derision, considering how obvious he's always been. When he doesn't do anything but gape at her, she raises her eyebrows at him, silently imploring him, not-so-kindly, to explain why he's staring at her. He just smiles sheepishly at her again, his cheeks stained pink, and then manages a quick wave to Madge, one that feels much more relaxed as his smile widens confidently. Katniss can feel her mouth twitching in a frown. "So I guess he was staring at you , smartass," Katniss snipes at her. She feels her irritation grow, especially at the kind, almost welcoming grin Madge had plastered on her face when she waved back at Peeta. "Ha!" Madge snorts, the action almost strange coming from such a well-mannered girl who never has a shiny hair out of place. "Totally. If that's the case, he needs to get his eyes checked, because he's been staring at the wrong girl for the last, like, fifteen years." Madge draws out her phone to send a quick text message, and the last thing Katniss wants to do is start a fight with the only friend she has here, especially one she has to share a bedroom with. So she makes her way through the rest of her rice in silence, hoping that Madge will forget what they were talking about and explain what the hell kind of shade "snow me white" is. "So I take it you haven't talked to him yet?" Madge says as she glances up. No such luck. "He's in my Psych class," she shrugs. "I felt his creeper gaze, okay?" "Okay, I was just teasing you!" Madge says, dropping her phone to the table and putting her hands up in a defensive gesture. But when she crosses her arms on the table top and leans forward, Katniss knows she's in trouble. "He's not a creep though. Peeta's a really nice guy." "Oh, so you're friends with him now?" "Of course I'm friends with him!" Madge laughs. "We've known him since kindergarten!" "Well, I'm not his friend. I've barely—" "Spoken two words to him? Looked in his direction?" she asks with an eye roll. "Yeah, we know. Therein lies the problem." "God, English majors are the worst," Katniss groans, wiping her mouth with a napkin. "Are you using the royal 'we'?" "Katniss," she says seriously, tucking her phone into her purse and leveling her with a serious look, "Prepare to get friendly." "I fucking hate you." "Can you stop bitching and start handing me beers?" Madge asks, crouched in front of the fridge, knocking over Diet Cokes to make room. "We both know if you didn't really wanna be here, you'd be hiding in the library right now. So relax." Katniss heaves a sigh before leaning down and pulling green bottle necks from the case. "Heineken? You're one classy chick," she says, handing them to Madge. "We are not going to be one of those dorm rooms with a beer can pyramid in the corner, I'll tell you that right now." "I'll remember that when you start drinking from your box of wine like it's a juice box," Katniss says. "Hey, that was one time and it was at the very bottom of the bag!" Madge protests. "And you were plastered." "That, too," Madge says with a smirk. "Besides, that won't happen again. This is just a relaxed study group, get together thing." Katniss laughs and hands her the last of the beers. "Oh, very convincing. That's why you bought a 24 pack." She stands, breaking down the cardboard beer case before tossing it in the recycling. " And invited Peeta Mellark," she grumbles quietly. She looks up from where her arms are crossed to find Madge smiling at her, annoyingly. "You don't have a problem with Darius coming over, or Glimmer, or—" "I do, actually," Katniss says shortly, "Darius sits too close to me, and Glimmer never shuts up." "Like I said," Madge responds easily, turning to unload the rest of the groceries. "If you had such a problem, you wouldn't be here. And you wouldn't have spent all that time in the bathroom—" "I had to dry my hair!" The frantic whine in her voice makes her clam up as soon as the words have left her mouth. "I didn't even know you knew where the hair dryer was," Madge says lightly, a smile evident in her voice. "Whatever," Katniss says, struggling for a better retort. "I just don't like this weird set-up thing you think you're being so stealthy about. Like I'm not gonna be uncomfortable enough." Madge tosses the empty grocery bag in a drawer and mimics Katniss' position, leaning against the counter, arms crossed at her chest. Though she manages to look cooly indifferent, whereas Katniss can feel the defensiveness in her own posture. "Oh, did you not set Gale and I up, pot?" she teases. "Only because you were in love with him for like, ever, kettle. And didn't do anything about it!" "And I appreciate the push," Mage responds, pressing a hand to her chest in mock-sincerity. Katniss rolls her eyes. "Who else is going to buy us beer?" Katniss has every intention of teasing her further, well aware that Madge's feelings for Gale go much deeper than some girl enjoying the perks of a hot, older boyfriend, but before she can, Madge steers the conversation back to Katniss, something she's only growing more adept at. "So anyway, from one lovesick fool to another, consider this me returning the favor." Katniss' eyebrows pinch in confusion. "How is this a favor for me?" "Who said I was talking about you?" Madge retorts, leaving the kitchen to join their roommates in tidying up their living room. The luxury of living with Madge, a second year, is that she was able to pull Katniss into her student housing apartment, something Katniss would have had no shot at getting as a freshman. Instead