Rated M for reasons. Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. Katniss washes her hands for probably the twentieth time that day. Her knuckles are starting to crack and bleed. Someday, she's going to remember to bring hand lotion to work. Which would probably be pointless; she'll end up washing it off by lunch time. At least none of the kids had any "accidents" today- that's a part of the job she'll never get used to, no matter how much her boss assures her otherwise. "Ugh. He's here again." The back door swings open as her co-worker Annie storms through- or as much as Annie can "storm." She's a lithe woman and everything about her is quiet, from her soft voice to her gliding walk. But currently, she's moving around the room in a frenzied whirl of long, auburn hair. "Who? The MILF-hunter?" "Yes," Annie hisses, surprising Katniss with her uncharacteristic shortness. "And this time, it's me he won't leave alone. I guess he must be desperate." "Don't say that. Maybe he's finally smartened up," Katniss says. Annie stops her pacing to raise an eyebrow at her. "Okay, as much as a complete idiot can." A smile creeps across Annie's face at this, and Katniss notices the flush on her face. She wonders if it's due to the regular exertion required by their jobs, or if something else has affected this change. Before she can think too hard on it, the clock in the corner catches her eye. "I gotta get back out there," Katniss groans. "Oh!" Annie says, snapping out of a daze- something Katniss is used to. "Watch out. He brought a friend this time." Katniss drops her head back with a heavy eye roll before pushing out the door. She's been here just long enough that the noise and loud colors don't quite faze her, but there's always an adjustment, especially for someone who appreciates quiet and solitude as much as she does. The irony of her position isn't lost on her- or anyone else who knows her well and finds it to be an endless source of entertainment. Katniss Everdeen was not cut out to be a care provider at Giggles Play Cafe. But a job is a job and she knows better than anyone that beggars can't be choosers. She scans the area like a security guard. As far as she's concerned, her job is to make sure no kid chokes on a Lego or gets stuck in one of the tubes that connects the play structures...which happens surprisingly often. Annie was aghast when she first had to tell Katniss that no, they could not just get a broom and push the kid out from the other side. Her bosses would say her job is to provide a "happy, safe, and comfortable environment for children and parents alike" and to smile and motivate and...basically, she spends a lot of her time running around with sanitizing cleaner and praying to god that most of children are still in diapers-at least in that case, the parents are the ones that have to deal with the mess. The saving grace of their play center that it has a cafe area for adults so a lot of parents choose to stick around and socialize and, hopefully, manage their offspring. But of course, there are an equal number who jump at the opportunity to leave them in the hand of trained caregivers so they can have a few hours to themselves. She can't say she blames them. A loud chuckle sounds from behind her. That is the other drawback of the job, one they most definitely did not mention in training. She turns to find Finnick Odair lounging back at one of the bistro tables. Her eyes narrow almost instinctively. Sure, it's not unheard of for creepy men to troll children's play centers, but generally they're not there for the parents. Finn is a crafty exception. She and Annie are happy to call security on him just as quickly as they do for any other creeps, but unfortunately, every time they've approached in the past, the single mother of the day would assure them with a blush and a smile that, "Oh no, he wasn't bothering me." It's like he slips something into their drinks or plays a lute to lure them into a trance. Not that he'd really need to- why someone who looks like Finnick Odair needs to troll for single mothers in the first place is completely beyond her. And today he's brought a friend. Of the male persuasion, for once. Equally good-looking and probably equally douchey. Where Finn has a perfect movie star smile, his friend's is slightly lopsided and dimpled. That must really reel them in. Her scowl deepens as she approaches them, ready to call security on two grown men who treat a day care center like a frat house. "Well, hello Miss Katniss," Finnick drawls at her approach. He leans back even further in his chair. She has to resist the urge to kick the legs out from under him. "And don't you look lovely today..." "Oh, really? What is it that caught your attention? The way the poly blend brings out my eyes?" she asks, pulling at the heinous red polo she's required to wear. "More like the way those sexy khakis accentuate your a-" "Ooookay," his blonde friend cuts in. "Let's not get kicked out of here before lunchtime, all right?" "Oh, let him keep going," Katniss says with a fake, sugary smile. "It would be my pleasure." The man's tentative smile transforms into a smirk as he looks her over. This is the last straw. "Can't you two creeps find something better to do on a Saturday afternoon than prey on single moms?" she seethes. "Try golfing, or a mental health facility." "Um," the blonde starts nervously, the confident look quickly leaving his face. "No, it's okay, Peet," Finnick cuts him off. "Katniss here just doesn't understand that those days are over for me. I'm going straight." "Is that right?" Katniss asks flatly. "And what does 'going straight' entail for you?" "Well, it starts with you giving me Annie's phone number," he responds with a grin. "Ha! You're not getting within ten feet of that girl." He opens his mouth to speak, but she stops him with a fierce look. "I mean it. I've watched you move from one woman to the next like you're playing slot machines. But you're going to leave my friend alone. I'm sure she knows better, but she doesn't need the hassle." The smile never drops from Finn's face, but there's something serious and contemplative in his eyes and she fears she may have said too much. She doesn't actually know a lot about Annie's background, but she's been around her enough to see the way she shrinks from attention, particularly from men- the only time she really seems to thrive is when she's interacting with kids. It's not like Katniss to pry, and she would never push Annie for details on her past anymore than she would willingly give them out about her own, but it is like her to be protective, especially over someone as kindhearted as Annie. So the first move Finn makes in Annie's direction, he's going to lose an appendage. Hopefully, his favorite. "Americano for Finn!" the redhead at the counter calls out. Whatever mysterious expression Katniss was trying to read on his face is now replaced by his signature grin. "Pardon me," he says, slinking behind her and heading toward the counter, purposely brushing against her as he passes. "You know, he's not all bad." She was too busy shooting daggers at the back of Finn's head to notice his friend studying her closely. "Thanks, Pete ," she bites out. "That means a lot, coming from you." "It's Peeta, actually," he answers, an easy smile on his face. "Congratulations," she says. "You and your not-all-bad friend have fun objectifying women, okay?" Katniss starts to walk away, hopefully to burn off some energy before she snaps and gets fired for dumping hot coffee in both their laps, but he speaks again. "You're being awfully cynical. How do you know I'm a creep?" "First of all," Katniss starts, turning to face him again. "It's not cynicism. I know Finn, and despite what he thinks, I'm not an idiot just because I have a vagina." His eyebrows shoot up and he looks around the room. "Should you be saying that in a kids' center?" "Oh, no, you're right. I should be using vague words so that children don't understand their own body parts," she says, rolling her eyes. Her voice is steadily rising, drowning out any response he might voice. "And secondly, you expect me to believe you're just some normal, well-adjusted guy who comes to places like this to meet a nice girl?" "Well, I wouldn't say that..." "Oh, so you're babysitting then?" His brows furrow in confusion, but he still manages to smile delightedly at her. It's infuriating. "Uh...no. I don't babysit ," he says with emphasis. It's not disgust she hears in his voice, though; it's something different she can't quite place and his vagueness is getting on her nerves. "Wife? Girlfriend? Taking your niece out for the day?" "Are you trying to find out if I'm single?" he asks in amusement. "Why don't you just go to a bar like a normal person?!" she snaps at him. Heads turn to stare in their direction and she knows without looking that her face is roughly the same color as her shirt. "I don't really have a lot of free time," he offers. "I have other responsibilities." She pointedly scans the area and then looks back at him as if to contradict his statement; he is just chilling with Finn in the middle of the afternoon. He shrugs good-naturedly. Their conversation is interrupted by a high-pitched screech. Katniss spins around and there's a moment of silence before the hysterical crying begins. She spots a little girl on the ground by the slide; her chubby face is red and wet with tears. Katniss jogs down the few steps that separate the play area from the cafe. She kneels down next to the girl, checking her for injuries first. She seems fine, nothing more than a bruised knee, probably. "You're okay, sweetie," she says. Terms of endearment sound strange falling from her lips, but she's never going to remember their names, and it seems to calm them down. Besides, it's not like she's not completely heartless. The girl eventually stops sniffling and holds her arms out. Some children run and hide when any adult who isn't their parent approaches; others cling to the supervisors with complete trust. It's uncomfortable sometimes, and utterly baffling, but it's better than dealing with a violent tantrum. Katniss lifts the girl up and sets her on her feet. "Again!" she screams, going straight for the climbing net that leads back to the slide. Katniss just laughs and rolls her eyes. "Excuse me," a small voice comes from below, where a hand is tugging at her pants. A little boy with a head full of golden curls is looking up at her. His face is screwed up in consternation, an amusingly serious look for a little kid. He can't be more than six or seven. "Yes?" "Where's Pluto?" "Huh?" Fortunately for her, articulation is not a requirement for her clientele. "Pluto! On the painting of the galaxy." He points to a mural on one of the walls that features a diagram of the Sun and all the planets orbiting around it at relative distances. "Oh, yeah. They painted over it when it was declassified as a planet," Katniss tells him. "What? What do you mean? Pluto's the 9th planet from the Sun!" he insists, a whine working its way into his voice. "Not anymore, apparently," she says dryly. His bright blue eyes are growing glassier by the