Author's Note: This was a submission for Prompts in Panem, Round 3, Day 3. Visual Prompt: Cemetery Disclaimer: The Hunger Games belong to Suzanne Collins. Katniss tugs the sleeves of her hoodie out from underneath the cuffs of her over-sized leather coat and pulls them over her frozen fingers. Her hoodie is soft and helps warm her hands better than the stiff, cold leather that acts as an outer shell to her many layers. The ground isn't frost-covered, but it will be soon enough. The moon is bright and full in the sky and it should make her feel better, more secure-but being able to see every detail of her surroundings in the late night hours doesn't do anything to comfort her. This isn't the kind of place to visit in the night, but she has no other choice. Prim is asleep and in bed, thinking her sister is just one room over. She feels slightly guilty at sneaking out and leaving her sister alone-or as good as alone, considering the state of her mother holed up in the master bedroom- but their neighbor, Hazelle, promised to keep an eye out and there was understanding in the older woman's eyes that Katniss didn't have the words to properly thank her for. It's not peace of mind that she finds when she comes here; she's seen enough to doubt that such a thing even exists. But somehow, even amidst the cold stone slabs and the swaying trees and the eerie silence, she feels like she can actually breathe. She can narrow everything down to just her senses-cold breaths in and out, damp grass beneath her, perfectly etched letters on granite. The sensations are untainted by complicated thought or worry. The only time anxiety burns in her gut is when she hears noises she can't place or movement out of the corner of her eye. She finds it distracting, but in a good way, irrational fear causing her adrenaline to spike and forcing her to live only in the present moment where instinct takes over. She almost understands why people bungee jump or cliff dive or even go on crazy benders. But she can't afford to think that way. This is the riskiest thing she'll allow herself. She traces the letters of her father's name on the stone. It has become such a ritual over the past few years that she does it unconsciously. The silence of the night and the practiced motion of her hand lulls her into an almost blank, meditative state. Until she hears a snap. Her head shoots up. It could have just been a twig , she tells herself, it's not necessarily spirits rising from the dead or whatever. But this is a cemetery and it's past midnight and there shouldn't be people just wandering around, snapping twigs. She searches frantically for the source of the noise and though her night vision is good and the full moon is helping, there are too many trees and shadows playing tricks on her mind. "Fuck you, douchebags!" a voice shouts, young and male. She rolls her eyes. It must be some stupid dare-teens traipsing into a graveyard at night to prove their manliness with no respect for the solemnity of the place. She takes a breath and relaxes again. She hears a car start and pull away in the distance. She begins her quiet meditation again when she hears another snap ...followed by several more and the sound of heavy footsteps disturbing the ground. A boy appears from behind a tree nearby. He seems to be about her age, blonde with wide, round eyes that appear almost black in the moonlight. He's stocky with broad shoulders she can make out even through his puffy coat, but his whole demeanor, from his ambling walk and eyes that dart around warily, makes her feel a little easier in his presence-or as easy as she can feel alone in a cemetery at night with a strange teenage boy. She sits very still, used to practically camouflaging herself from prey, but the way his eyes search with every step he takes makes it impossible to miss her. "Shit!" he shouts, his whole body jerking. She shoots him a wry look when he almost trips over himself. He seems to be catching his breath, chest heaving, as he takes her in, eyes wide and curious, the horror of the previous moment slowly dissipating. She turns back to the gravestone, expecting him to continue walking, but when she doesn't hear the loud footsteps continue, she looks back up at him. He's studying her with an open expression. He shifts his mouth to the side in a half-smile. "Hi." "Hello," Katniss says slowly. He shoves his hands into his jacket pockets and ambles closer. She braces herself, hands perched on the grass, ready to push off and run if she needs to. He's about the least threatening guy she's ever seen, but it's so hard to tell with high school boys, especially if he's been drinking, and she's heard enough horror stories to be cautious. Not that she has much one-on-one experience with guys herself, unless you count Gale, which she doesn't because he's more like a protective big brother. "Uh, you okay out here?" the boy asks. "Yes," she replies shortly, and because she's annoyed that he's insinuating that she's the one who's out of place, she continues. "Are you?" He barks out a laugh and looks sheepish. "Um, not really. I'm kind of lost." "Because you meant to go to the mall...?" He laughs again and the sound is foreign in this place. "Nah, um," he starts, running a hand through the hair at his nape. "I'm supposed to be here. At the cemetery, I mean. But my friends sort of ditched me." "A dare?" Katniss asks, raising an eyebrow. "Yeah well, I thought so," he admits. "But apparently it was just a practical joke on me." "Ah," Katniss responds. She averts her eyes, waiting for him to walk away. He doesn't. When she glances back at him again, he's staring at the moon. "You know, it's actually kind of nice out here," he notes wistfully, his warm breath visible in puffs against the night air. "Is that why you were frantically searching for the exit?" she asks dryly. "Nooo," he draws out, his cheeks pink from the cold, and maybe from something else. "That was more because of a, um, general fear of...spirits, zombies, bodies rising from the grave. That kind of thing." She exhales on a short, barely audible laugh. His lips quirk up in response and she notes the dimples in his cheeks. This kid could really get away with murder if he wanted to. "Understandable." She plays idly with her shoelaces. " You're not a ghost, are you?" he asks, narrowing his eyes at her. "Not the last time I checked," she says, before pausing in thought. "Although, maybe I am and I don't know it." "Whoa...that's freaky," he says, sounding semi-serious. She laughs, more of a giggle this time, and again his face lights up in response. She feels far too silly for a girl chasing her father's memory in the middle of the night. But this boy doesn't know her. Not her past, the one that reads like some sad orphan tale straight from Dickens, or her present, where she shirks from most meaningful human interaction. Maybe right now she can just be the girl who isn't afraid of ghosts and doesn't mind laughing in a cemetery. "I'm Peeta," he says, breaking her out of her reverie. He holds his hand out and the gesture is oddly formal-most high school guys would give a goofy wave or one of those arrogant head nods-but somehow it seems fitting. She doesn't stand, but she does reach her arm out from where she's sitting. "Katniss." Their hands meet, both cold from the chilly night air, and where her fingers curve over his hand, she can feel the ridges of a few scars. Otherwise, his hand is large, but surprisingly soft for a man's. "That's a relief," he breathes out, not releasing her hand when she tries to pull it back. "What?" she asks warily, beginning to feel panicky. He lifts their joined hands and twists them so hers is on top. He smiles. "My hand didn't go through yours. Corporeal," he notes with a small smile. "I guess you're not a ghost. Or you're a really talented one." She feels her face screw up into an awkward, skeptical smile because this boy is strange but she feels at ease when he finally releases her hand as she pulls back. "So, Katniss," he says thoughtfully. His eyes scan the name on the headstone in front of her. "Katniss...Everdeen?" He gives her a nervous but questioning look. She shoots to her feet. "Hey, wait!" She doesn't. The grass is slippery with condensation but her feet have always been steady. Which is more than she can say for the boy trailing clumsily behind her. She's too angry to feel any sympathy when he falls. She hears a thud and a small yelp from him, but she barely glances back. "Wait, I'm sorry! That was-" "None of your business!" she shouts. But when she doesn't hear him following, she glances back of of curiosity. He's gingerly trying to steady himself on his feet again, but it's clear from the way he's standing that he twisted his ankle in the fall. She turns, her hands on her hips. She's already annoyed with herself for hesitating. He's struggling to limp and he braces himself on a thick slab. His eyes widen after a moment and he jerks his hand back like it's been burned, clearly realizing that he just tried to used a headstone as a crutch. He looks completely ridiculous. She stalks back to him before she can give it a second thought. He looks up, genuinely surprised, and she slides her arm around his waist. His eyes widen even more. "Hold on to me," she snaps at him. "You're going to fall into an empty grave or something." "They really have those?" he asks worriedly, placing his arm around her shoulder. She rolls her eyes at him. "Come on," she orders, propelling him forward. He leans into her heavily, placing most of his weight on one foot and using her for balance. They walk in silence for a few moments and she can feel him studying her face. She just wants to get him out of this place, do her good Samaritan duty, and get home to her warm bed. And she wishes he would stop looking at her. "I really am sorry," he says. She glances at him and his eyes are sincere. She can make out now that they're blue from the thin rim around his pupils, large in the darkness. "I was prying. It was tactless." She slows her pace slightly but says nothing. His large presence is looming above her and around her and she wouldn't call it comforting exactly, but it certainly doesn't seem threatening, and the warmth of his jacket pressed against her is keeping her from shivering. They walk on silently for a few more minutes, shuffling slowly together, but she notes that this is the quietest he's been since she met him. Soon, she sees the cemetery gate up ahead. "Did you at least drive your own car?" she asks him. He seems to halt for a moment, jerking her back in place before continuing along. She looks up at his face and it is flushed, most definitely not from the cold. "Um, no," he says, sighing heavily. "This is just occurring to you?" she has to ask, though she's been pulling him along without question this entire time. "Well, I sort of didn't get that far. I just thought, 'Jesus, I'm in a graveyard at midnight, alone, my friends are dickheads'...then I saw you and got