NOTE: I don't own the Hunger Games… though I would be sooo happy if I did. The characters are mine though! Also... I don't own the picture. The amazing picture that I am using as a cover photo is taken by Tanneke Peetoom... otherwise known as Tanneke Photography. :) Oh wait! WARNING! This is rated T for a reason! I know… it's hard to believe. It isn't bad yet… but when the games come… or maybe a little before that, you will understand why it is Rated T. I think it might get dangerously close to M… since it might be too violent. I don't think it will though. If you think at anytime that it needs to be changed to M… please PM or review telling me so! Otherwise I will start scaring the random 10 year olds that read this… And disturb you all! So yeah… Thanks! I hope you enjoy the chapter! "LACEY! WAKE UP ALREADY" I snap my eyes open and look around. The colorful field I was in just moments ago (stupid dreams…) is now the dark room that I share with Mabel, my best friend. Her parents died 9 years ago in a forest fire, and even though my family is poor, we let her and her 4 older siblings move in with us. It was very crowded in our house. Our house only has three bedrooms, and there are 10 people living in it. Wait… were 10. The year Mabel's parents died, her older brother was reaped, and her oldest sister, who was 18, volunteered to save Rose, who was 12. They both died in the bloodbath that year, and soon only 8 people lived in our house. Three years later was the 1st quarter quell, and my brother and her older sister were both voted into the Hunger Games…which is odd because no one said that they voted for them … either way the odds weren't in their favors either, since they both drowned when they were trying to escape the careers. Suddenly only 6 people lived in our house. My mom died trying to give birth to Lyla, and my dad was killed for "rebellious acts" It's obvious at this point that they are trying to get rid of our family. Rose, Mabel's last sibling, killed herself the day of the reaping, just knowing that they would call her name, and they did. They quickly sorted it out and reaped someone else, who came out a victor. 3. My older sister is too old to be reaped, being 29, but I am now eligible to be reaped, and I just know that I will be called up onto the stage and put into an arena to die. What they don't know is that I have trained. At night, when they all think I'm sleeping. I've been training since I was 7, the year my older brother died. I watched him get tortured by the careers, watched him manage to escape, only to drown a minute later. I've practice with every weapon I could get my hands on, climbed every tree I could. I've studied plants during the day and practiced first aid. On the days they make me work in the forests, I get to use an axe, though I pretend to be too weak to pick it up. The peacekeepers hate me, and they all smirk knowingly at me on the reaping day each year. "-nd then she said that she saved up the money to get us bread! Hey! Were you even listening?" Mabel says. "No. I honestly wasn't… Why did you wake me up?" I grumble, wiping my eyes so that everything doesn't look blurry. "Oh… it's the reaping day. You need to get ready." She whispers sadly. She knows that I'm going to get reaped. She is 11, not yet eligible for the reapings, and my sister is too old for them, so that leaves me. I'm the only one eligible, and I need to be killed if the capitol wants our family gone. Sending a child to the Hunger games just makes it less suspicious. "Right; I guess I have to get ready." I swing my legs over the side of the bed and sit there for a moment, letting my feet dangle since they can't touch the ground. I stretch and then stand up and walk to the bathroom. I quickly scrub myself clean and rinse my hair. I then dry off and wrap the towel around myself, walking back into my room. When I enter, I notice that Mabel is looking in our closet (we both wear the same size clothes) and has a few dresses in her hand. As soon as I take two steps, she turns to face me, her ponytail falling out and letting her dark brown hair fall straight down her back. "I already picked out my dress, but we need a dress for you! I was thinking either the light blue one, the pink one, or the white one. They all look so pretty on you! Actually… you should wear the light blue one or the white, they look better on you…. Oh and apparently your sister has your shoes…" She says excitedly, practically pushing the dresses into my hands "try them on already! We don't have all day!" I nod, looking at the dresses she handed me. I instantly hand her the white one, since I just know that I'd get it dirty. I quickly pull the blue one over my head and walk over to the mirror, but not before doing a little twirl. When I saw myself in the mirror, I gasped, not quite recognizing the person I saw. The girl I saw staring back at me had light blonde, some would even say platinum, hair that curled into ringlets that just reach her shoulders and are slightly more perfect than mine. The little amount of light in the room made it shine in a way that I didn't know hair could. The eyes that stared back at me were such a pale shade of blue with specks of gold in them. They were my eyes, but they were opened wide with awe, wider than my own eyes ever were. Her lips were a perfect shade of light pink and her skin was flawless and clean, not a speck of dirt in sight. She was short, 4'5 to be exact, and was skinny from being fed so little. She didn't look strong, but I knew she was. In any other clothes, I probably would have known she was me, but it was the dress, one I had never seen before, that made me question her. The dress had short sleeves that were made of a light material and a square neckline. It was tight up top and flairs out at the waist, stopping just above the knees. Over top of the light material was a thin layer of lace that had a beautiful flower design on it. A white belt separated the upper and lower part, its simplicity only adding to the beauty of the dress. "Mabel… Where did you get this dress? I've never seen it before." I asked, not taking my eyes off of the girl in the mirror in fear that she would disappear. "Your sister put it in here this morning. I think it was your mom's first reaping dress…" She replies, whispering the last part. "Speaking of which, you need to go see Emma." I nod, blinking away the tears that were threatening to fall as I turn away from the mirror and walk down the hall to my sister's room. I take a deep breath before lightly knocking on the door. "Come In!" I hear, slightly muted. I slowly open the door and see my sister finish putting up her dirty blonde hair. She turns to face me and smiles sadly, knowing that this could be one of the last times she ever sees me. "You look so beautiful Lacey! I swear I wish I looked like you." She coos sweetly. I run the fabric of the dress between my fingers and smile slightly. Everyone is jealous of my sister's wavy dirty blonde hair and bright blue eyes. She is popular and everyone loves her, and yet she wants to look like me. "You are just saying that," I mumble "Everyone wants to look like you." "No, I mean it. Anyway, I have your shoes… and I have something else that mom told me to keep for your first reaping, just like that dress" She says as she goes to her closet and pulls out a big box and a smaller box, handing me the bigger one. When I open the box, I can't help but smile. They are ballet flats. White ballet flats. I can see why I wasn't given them before now; they would have been brown or green! Also inside the box is a piece of paper. I take it out and unfold it slowly. Lacey, Well…. If you are reading this, I am no longer with you and it is your first reaping. I always dreaded today. The day your name would be in the reaping ball. You are smart Lacey; you know what the capitol is trying to do to our family. They are trying to get rid of us. Today, you will be reaped, as much as I hate saying that, I know that it is true and I'm sure that you have known for a while now. You look fragile, small, innocent, sweet, and most of all, you look harmless. They will all underestimate you. Use that to your advantage. Act sweet and girly and frightened. They aren't hard to fool. Don't tell anyone about this plan, they aren't trustworthy. Not even your mentor can know. In training, try to use a weapon, and pretend to fail miserably. Make it seem like you are too weak to even pick up an axe, much less be able to hurt anyone with it. Purposefully look weak in the Private Sessions so that you get a low training score. Only work on your skills at night, when no one is watching. No one will suspect a thing. I know that you have been training at night; I've seen what you can do… But no one else has, keep it that way until you are in the arena, and then try to make so that the only tributes that have seen are dead. If you can, cry during your interview. In the arena, don't go down without a fight. With your skills and the element of surprise on your side, you will be unstoppable. One last thing, Make the capitol wish that they hadn't made you a tribute. Make them regret it. I know you will find a way to do this. If you won't do it for me, then do it for your siblings, or Mabel's siblings. I love you so much sweetie! You mean the world to me and I am right here, watching and protecting you. Mom. I read the paper once again before folding it up and putting it in my shoe. "Well… what does it say?" Emma asks curiously. "It just says that she knew this would happen and that she loves me." I reply, not telling her the whole truth. She nods before putting the box away and pulling something out of the little box, telling me to close my eyes. I close my eyes and feel her brush my hair out of the way and place a chain around my neck. I feel something cool resting against my chest bone and I instantly recognize it as the pendant of a necklace. I reach up and touch it, rolling it between my thumb and pointer finger, trying to figure out what it is without opening my eyes. Emma releases my hair and whispers "You can open your eyes now." I open