"All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair." "I don't care about whose DNA has recombined with whose. When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching-they are your family." The first time Sirius Black saw Lily she was crying loudly for her mum. Tears were running down the girls face, her eyes red. She stood in the middle of the corridor holding onto a teddy tightly. It didn't look pretty, she didn't even acknowledge his presence except to take a breath as she prepared to let out another wail. He watched her for a while before deciding that his attention could be better spent on tricking the house elves to give him chocolate while everyone was distracted. His parents were in the next room, their voices loud enough that he was able to hear outside in the foyer. That in itself was unusual, even at the early age of four Sirius had learned a few things. Never to ask too many questions. That the name Black was worth more than any individual of them could ever value to be and lastly that his mother ruled the house with an iron fist, his father's domain was outside their home. Once his mission was completed he returned to the corridor where he could hear best what was happening. He bit into the chocolate frog as he once again observed the girl resisting the voice that was telling him to share it with her. He was the one who lied to get it and she was just useless crying so much, probably no fun to play with. His mother's voice came clearly through the closed door. "Dishonouring the Black name! Bringing that abomination into our home." "I had no choice! I won't let a daughter with my blood be raised like a filthy muggle!" his father who rarely ever raised his voice roared back. "And yet it didn't seem like too much filth when you betrayed me!" sniped his mother. "I could forgive the mistake but to ask me to accept her...you forget who I am, who we are." "That was an unfortunate mistake, one you must believe that I regret but when the child showed signs of magic, I knew my blood dominated more than anything her mother could pass on. She is a Black and she will live with us now." his Father didn't sound very sorry for whatever he had done, if anything it sounded factual. "No, no, I refuse to let that half-blood be a part of our family, what will I say to everyone?" "Make up whatever you like, I don't care but no child of mine wil-" "YOU. SHOULD. HAVE. KILLED. HER." interrupted his mother piercingly. The girl he noticed had stopped crying loudly, though silent tears continued to pour down her face. His mother's voice continued to float between them. "Killed her when you found your mistake had led to something so unnatural. An abomination." His father had no reply or if he did Sirius did not hear it. He realized he pressed his ear to the door to listen better, the girl opened her mouth as if to ask something and he quickly shushed her, she wasn't helping him to listen better now that he was actually paying attention. And then his father's voice. "It's already done. The muggle courts believed her mother incapable of looking after the child and I've signed the papers. She's a Black now." Sirius backed from the door looking at the girl once more and finally offered her some of his chocolate. Within the next few months Lily had to learn a few things very quickly. She was home. Her last name was Black. She was to call Mrs Black her mother. Lily didn't mind this one, she was not her mum. To not ask her new parents many questions. She learned to stop crying very quickly. Sirius Black learned about a new sibling and spent a long time trying to figure out when her birthday was so he could find out who was older. It didn't help matters that she barely talked to anyone. She was a silent presence haunting their house. Some years later Sirius when he was younger had always liked it when Lily was in the room. His parents had realized early on that he was a child that needed to be watched and disciplined but whenever Lily came into a room all the attention was on her. His father made excuses and usually left but his mother stared at Lily with such hatred that it made the room colder. When he was younger he didn't mind. It meant he could get away with mischief right under his mother's nose who was too busy hating Lily to educate him on how a proper pureblood heir should behave. He can remember the exact day that changed. When Lily who was once again working at the futile task of trying to please his mother, to get a drop of affection from the people who are supposed to be looking after her, supposed to love her. Sirius earlier had been trying to convince her to play with him. She is more fun, imaginative unlike Regulus who just follows blindly whatever games he invents. Lily has her own ideas and she gets him to change his but today she is adamant in her refusal. "I'm busy right now, we'll play later," she says distractedly as she goes through the clothes in her dresser, a mess already on the floor. There's a magazine open atop the pile of clothes and Sirius squints trying to figure out what's got her so preoccupied before he realizes that it's one of his mother's. He shakes his head as he walks out the door slamming it behind him. Maybe Regulus will be more fun. They're all in the sitting room later. His mother reading a book while the brothers have a board game between them. The door opens and she walks in. He regrets it now; he should have told her that it was a bad idea. He knew it was a bad idea. She's dressed up as much as she can from what's in her closet as one of the models in the magazine. Her hair styled like she's seen all the women her mother likes, like her older cousins. There's a slight shade of colour on her lips, red he notes. She must have got hold of a lipstick somehow. Lily walks awkwardly into the room not quite comfortable in the clothes she has decided to dress up in. Her eyes watch his mother hesitantly as she speaks. "Do you like it? I saw it in the magazine you always get and-" her voice falters at their mother's expression but she bravely carries on though her voice has gone much quieter. "And you said that's how a young lady ought to dress like?" it becomes a question at the end. His mother stands up slowly and before any of the three children in the room can take a breath. Her hand is already on its way towards Lily's face. Smack. The sound is so loud in the silence of the room and Lily falls to the floor, dark red hair covering her face. She stays motionless on the ground face turned away. "You filthy whore! Dressed like that in my house. You're just like your filthy muggle mother. How- dare- you-" anger it seems has made his mother incapable of speech for a moment but she raises her hand again this time searching her robes for her wand as if to strike Lily again and again with magic. And Sirius finds his limbs unfreezing. He's across the room by Lily's side, in front of his mother. The surprise of it, he thinks stops her and she stares at them both for a moment before telling him to get out of his sight and to take the half-breed with him. Sirius helps Lily up as soon as she makes a movement to stand but she doesn't meet his eyes. Her lip is bleeding he sees from his mother's ring, he turns away from the sight to where Regulus is sitting the interrupted game they were playing scattered besides him. He meets his brother's eyes but Regulus looks away and only two children leave the room. Later Lily can hear Sirius outside her room, it's been stubbornly waiting outside after she locked him out and he hasn't left her door. Her tears are long dried by now. "Lily come 'on, let me in, I only-" As she opens the door she realizes that he was leaning against it as he practically falls into her room. "Want to help." he finishes in surprise, his expression clearly showing disbelief at finally being let in. Lily gives him a small reassuring smile restraining a wince at the pain it causes and makes her way to her bed again. She watches as Sirius closes the door behind him gently, turning the key to lock it once more. He has a damp cloth in one hand which he gently uses to wipe her face, the dried blood on her lips. A small gesture from Sirius and she scoots over to make room for him before pulling the duvet cover over the both of them. They lie in bed staring at each other in the darkness their eyes slowly adjusting. Finally, after what seems like forever when she thinks he might be falling asleep she speaks. "Why don't you hate me like everyone else?" her voice is afraid, hesitant even now under the covers in her bed. Not of their mother but because of him. She is fearful of his answer. "Why should I? They're all Idiots, spouting rubbish all the time, even Meda says so." his answer is the truth as he knows it but she starts crying once again, tears silently streaming down her face. "Why don't they love me? Am I bad?" these questions have plagued her for a long time but she's learned that a lot of the time it's better to hide what you really think or feel. She's too proud normally to show any vulnerability around her family but this is Sirius so she allows herself just this once. Sirius grips her arm holding tightly as if to reassure her that he's not going to let go. He's quite for a while, thinking about his answer before he says truthfully. "I'll love you always, no matter what Lily even if you weren't my sister but just because you're you, you're Lily." She doesn't ask any more questions after that, just reminds herself that she is good and kind and loved by someone. And because of who she is she can't entirely give up on the hope of receiving love from her mother and father, maybe one day they'll see how good she is. She promises herself that she will continue to try to love them and perhaps they will love her back. After all she loved Sirius and now he's told her that he loves her, she's his family. Some years later Her parents have taken them all to Diagon Alley. Sirius at her side keeps trying to break away so he can make his way to Quality Quidditch Supplies but mother's grip is unyielding and he can't quite get away. He gives a sour look towards her when he notices no one is holding her hand. Regulus who always listens to what their parents have to say, is the prime example of the perfect child in their home speaks up. "Perhaps we could stop by quickly and take a look at the latest brooms? Sirius and I would be interested in playing for Slytherin at Hogwarts." His mother exchanges a look with