Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter or the characters written in this story; everything belongs to the wonderful J.K. Rowling. I don't make any profit from these stories! A/N: Hello, everyone! Welcome to my first ever Dramione FanFic! I'm super excited for you guys to read this, and I couldn't have done it without the wonderful, the amazing Mr. Benzedine to help me fill the gaps and insert hilarious quips. You are the best! Be sure to check out her awesome fics: How to Train Your Auror (1 and 2!), Sex Ed, and Bond. Summary : Draco Malfoy hits an all-time low as his failing businesses go under. When he recieves a letter from an anonmyous source offering help, can he turn it all around and build his empire? Dramione. Prologue The Fall of the Dark Lord; the day people cheered on the streets and kissed their loved ones, despite the death, destruction, and chaos. The day that the entire magical world breathed a sigh of relief. Well, perhaps not everyone. For Voldemort's followers, it would begin a changing of the tides. Now, they would be the ones on the run. Now, they would be the ones locked away in cells and judged on their upbringing. And no one, amongst the Death Eaters, felt this more than the Malfoys. After Voldemort's fall from power, all Death Eaters were found guilty and rounded up, sent to Azkaban to live out their days without their magic and without their freedom- most notably, Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy. The Wizengamot took it as their personal vendetta to make an example of the family; their faces were posted in every news article, their trial a public spectacle of gossip and rumors. If there was a wizarding family living under a rock that had never heard of the Malfoys, they knew now. Their son, Draco, as luck would have it, was acquitted of all charges, given he was raised under the influence of his parents, and as he was still underaged during the trial, he was the only Death Eater found not guilty. Being a free man didn't make things easier for Draco. His entire life, he lived comfortably under the roof of the Malfoy Manor, with house elves to, happily, do his bidding. He never knew what it was like to want for anything; his parents had seen to that. With the snap of his fingers or a letter to his father, Draco held the world by a string. But after the Second Wizarding War ended, the string was severed. Families of the Death Eaters were forced to pay for the damages caused by the Dark Lord, and the Malfoy family took the biggest hit. Not only did the Malfoys shelter other followers and Lord Voldemort, but their Manor served as headquarters for a great deal of Death Eaters' misdeeds. The cellar, alone, served as a prison which, at one point, held Garrick Ollivander, Luna Lovegood, Dean Thomas, and even the Gringotts goblin, Griphook. It was later confirmed Charity Burbage, the professor of Muggle Studies at Hogwarts, had been killed and fed to the Dark Lord's pet snake, Nagini. And these were only the tragedies that could be verified. As a result, the Malfoy Manor was confiscated by the Ministry, pending further investigation. With only a few thousand Galleons (which wasn't much by Malfoy standards) left in his vault, Draco sought any method to rebuild his family name and fortune. Chapter 1 - It's All Business In the light of a dimly lit café sat two very different men, situated as far away as possible from the curious eyes and whispering mouths. It wasn't always foolproof, however -gossip seemed to find its way to the papers, despite precautions. The first man was rather plump; his sides spilled, uncomfortably, over the edge of the cushioned armchair he'd fashioned himself in as he sat facing towards the entryway and the shoppe's patrons. He looked rather uncomfortable, his belly smooshed against the coffee table. Beads of sweat trailed down his perfectly round, pudgy face. He wore a crown of black, thinning hair, which was combed over in an attempt to cast the illusion that there was more of it. The second man, seated across from him, looked thoroughly exhausted. He was nearly half his partner's age and size, but the dark circles that hung under his eyes aged him considerably. Unlike his associate, he wore a full head of silver-blonde hair (a particular trait that stood out, whether he liked it or not), and he carried a certain aura -one that made others uneasy. His grey eyes burned into his partner's hazel ones as he watched him squirm uncomfortably in his seat. "I em sorry to say, Monsieur Malfoy, zat 'Ze Ancient Quill' 'azn't made any money in ze past four monz!" The older man, feigning a terrible French accent, rasped towards his counterpart. Both men knew it was a sham but never made a comment on it. Draco figured it was probably out of fear his partner might be recognized and seen with a Malfoy, but he had no idea how people wouldn't figure out his identity by his belly alone. "And you 'aven't paid ze employees! Zey are all zreatening to leave!" He paused, waiting for the blonde to respond, but he didn't. "Pleez, zis is going to be your zird store clozing zis monz." After another moment of unbearable silence, Draco sighed and slouched back in his armchair; something rather uncharacteristic of him. He'd been taught never to slump, as it procured an air of bad upbringing. Not that it mattered much anymore. Everyone had already formed opinions on how he must have been brought up as a child. His foot bumped against the leg of the coffee table, disturbing the lattes, which remained untouched. "Let them go," He responded, tersely, "They're not worth keeping if they're zreatening to leave after a month of working." " Oui , Monsieur, but-" "Listen, Burbage. Frankly, I don't give a flying fuck what their excuse is," Draco seethed through his teeth, trying his best to keep his voice low. The man was tired -tired of his businesses closing, tired of people leaving, and all-in-all, just tired of working. Who knew it would be this difficult? "I don't need useless worms who- this damned bug!" He snapped at the black beetle that continued to buzz around his head and swatted the diseased creature away, "-who flail around all day doing nothing but complain." His ears perked and, for a second, he swore the bug screamed as it was sent flying away from the duo. " Oui ,fa but I 'aven't been paid, too, and it's been 'alf a year," Burbage pulled out an already damp handkerchief from his breast pocket and patted his sweat-drenched face, wiping away the perspiration from his oddly thick brows, "I em your inveztor, Monsieur Malfoy." He tucked the piece of cloth back inside, "I 'ave been supporting your beezniz since the last inveztor left. Your businesses are... défaillant. " "What are you saying?" "I-I em saying zat..." Burbage paused, looking around to see if there were any eavesdroppers. When he was sure no one was listening in, the man leaned in closer towards Draco. The armchair groaned under the shifting weight. "...I-I don't zink I can... can be your partner, anymore." Draco blinked, his face void of any emotion as he fell back into silence, absorbing the news just delivered. Another business gone under. He should have felt something more than empty, but there had been so many in the last two years, it was hard to be disappointed when it was all he knew. He only wished something would take root before he went completely bankrupt and had to live in a cardboard box on the streets of Diagon Alley. " Désolé, " Burbage shrugged, looking apologetic, "I em not making any money, and ze wife zreatens to leave me if I dun get zings togehzer." "You're married?" The disgust in his voice rang loud and clear. For a moment, Draco regretted saying those two words, but the coward wanted to back out of their partnership, so to hell with it, "So, tell me, is it customary for ze French to arrange marriages?" He gave one of his most dastardly smirks. "What? What does zat mean?" "Are the French that desperate for marriage that they'd stoop so low as to wed a perspiring, lice infested, wallowing-in-the-mud pig?" It took a moment for his comment to sink in, but when it did, Burbage's plump face turned cherry red, as did the three rolls around his neck. Draco thought the man had already been sweating profusely, but this certainly took the cake. If he hadn't been sitting in front of the man for the past hour, he would have thought someone pushed him into the ocean. "Of all the insufferable, intolerable, incorrigible…" He put his hand to his chest, insulted, but to Draco it looked as if he were cupping his beefy breast. "Aha!" Draco slammed his hand down on the table. It took all he had not to jump out of his seat and laughingly point at the man. "I knew you were putting it on! Burbage is, most definitely, British. Did you really think you were fooling anyone with that atrocious accent?" "I… I am not Britishzz!" Burbage exclaimed, still attempting to feign his French heritage. "'Ow dare you! You zhall rue ze day you crossed me! Mark my wordz! You will nevah find a partner in zis city again!" The blonde stood, shoving his chair back, and glowered at the man, "So be it, Monsieur Burbage..." He shoved a hand down his pants pocket, pulled out a few sickles, and tossed it onto the table, "Since you're in need of money, be sure to keep the change." Draco stormed out of the establishment, his cold latte left behind in his wake. Finding Hermione hidden behind a mountain of paper wasn't anything new; in fact, she quite liked being out of sight. It was a pleasure she didn't often receive since the war ended four years ago. However, as much she enjoyed the solidarity, it was usually short lived. "'Mione!" The door to her office swung open as a couple of freckled face redheads popped through the frame. What was once her self-proclaimed palace was now overrun by the Weasleys. "You've got to come out here and look at what George just conjured up!" Ron exclaimed. The older Weasley, George, piped up, "You're gonna love it!" A grin stretching from ear-to-ear. At that moment, a very literal firefly- a dazzling display of fire dressed with flaming wings that buzzed around the room- came zooming in, scorching the edges of some of Hermione's extremely important documents. "Ron!" She shouted suddenly, jumping out of her seat as she frantically put out the mini-fire with the sleeves of her robe. So much for appearing professional, the robe's sleeve was definitely beyond repair. Hermione glared at him. "I am quite busy right n-" A few more of the fireflies came soaring into her office, threatening to light the room up like a bonfire on a hot summer night, " -close the door !" After the war had ended and the trials completed, the Golden Trio traveled all over the world meeting witches and wizards alike. It was finally a time of peace, and, for once, the three could enjoy what was left of their youth. They attended conventions and conferences and even held their own little workshops, teaching others how to defend themselves from other users of the Dark Arts. Hermione's personal favorite had been teaching others the complex Patronus charm and seeing their eyes light up as their guardians flew out of their wands. By the time Harry, Ron, and Hermione were set to return home, they were approaching their twenties. London changed a great deal during their two-year absence. Harry and Ron took their Auror