Disclaimer: If I owned Harry Potter Hermione would NOT have ended up with Ron…ewww. (Sorry, can't stand Ron in the movie. I can't really see her with Mr. Ron Weasley. Don't worry there will be no Ron bashing in this story… unless you want there to be…) A/N: I'm really sorry to those who are waiting on my other stories. I will never abandon my stories but it might take some time to update. I don't really have the inspiration at the moment and my AP class is kicking my butt. I sincerely apologize but you know how junior year is. Anyway, I decided to write the first chapter to this story. I have the entire story outlined and I really wanted to see how the first chapter would blow over. Thank you for taking the time to try this story out. Oh by the way, this story is a Hermione/Minerva/Fleur/Bella/Narcissa story. Wow, such a crowded relationship…Yeah it's a lot of people but it will make more sense in due time. Hermione is not just a witch and as this something else, she is expected, or it is normal, to have many loves. Without further ado… ~ Chapter 1 ~ This secret side of me I never let you see I keep it caged but I can't control it So stay away from me The beast is ugly I feel the rage and I just can't hold it -Monster by Skillet Platform 9 ¾ was bustling with eager and excited children of all ages. As I looked around, the reds, greens, yellows, and blues of house robes where swishing around and they seemed to be blending together in the crowd. This would be an exciting new experience for me. Because I have been home schooled all my life I am sure that I am years ahead of my peers. Normal wizarding families don't send their children to primary schools. But I guess I am the exception considering my circumstances. "Hermione? I think the train leaves soon." I turn toward the voice on my left. My mom, Jill Granger, is looking at me with adoration and unmistakable pride. "Oh, must it leave so quickly?" My mother, Alice Granger, says from my right. I turn toward mother as she kneels in front of me. She looks at me with love, pride, and sadness as she lifts my palm to her lips and delivers a gentle kiss. Mom starts to caress my hair lovingly as I am faced away from her. Though our muggle name is Granger, our real family name is Meniscus. Meniscus as in Crescent moon. My family is hiding under the guise of a normal muggle family. It would not be wise to advertise the name Meniscus. We are very secretive. Even though our family does business under the name Meniscus, we never allow face-to-face meetings. Through our many, and vastly wide connections, we can easily mask ourselves anywhere in the world. We of the Meniscus family, the Meniscus clan, have arms and branches that stretch the world. We have the power and resources that could get you just about anything. But of course we handle this power well, as not to draw to much attention to ourselves. We the Meniscus family rule and keep the peace of every lycan in the world. Though I many not have as much power as my parents yet, I still hold the position of princess. There are three clans in total, the Meniscus clan, the Luna Plena clan, and lastly the Luna Nova clan. The Plena are respectful of our rule and leadership but the Nova are bitter and resentful toward us. The Nova had sided with the dark but has done nothing to rise against us as of yet. We the Meniscus won our right to rule many centuries ago in The Wolf War and were given the blessing from the Goddess. In tales of old, passed on through generations, it is said that Artemis herself conducted the ascension of my families rule. (A/N: Meniscus family is the royal family. The Meniscus Clan is the entire clan is general. Those of the Meniscus Clan do not necessary have Meniscus family blood in them. Hermione's family is the Meniscus family. They rule over all three clans but they themselves are categorized as part of the Meniscus Clan. For example, The Volturi (bear with me) are a clan, but the only ones of power are of the "Volturi family", Aro, Caius, and Marcus. I know they are not related but, do you get my point?) "Dear, you must board the train before it leaves without you." Mom says as she lifts my trunk onto the train. Mother is silently crying as I hop onto the train. Mom rustles my hair while Mother squeezes me into one last hug. Mother releases me and they both step back as the train jerks in an effort to move. I look at both my mothers with love. "I love you. I'll see you at Christmas." I tell them as the train starts to move slowly. "We love you, my princess." Mom says as she places her fist to her chest in a customary salute. Mother salutes me goodbye as well. I copy the movement and stay like this until I cannot see them anymore. I slowly turn and go to find an empty compartment to occupy. This is the start to a new chapter in my life. I was on my way to learning new things and to hone my skills. But little did I know that this journey would be more than a learning experience. I was starting on the road toward greatness, on a road toward love and acceptance. (Hogwarts: outside the Great Hall) I walked down the hall with my new found friends, Harry Potter, and Ronald Weasley. Harry and Ron chatted amongst themselves as we, and the rest of the first year students, were led by a giant of a man, Rubeus Hagrid. As we continued down the hall many curious students were glancing around in awe. I would have been one of them if I hadn't read Hogwarts: A History. I was prepared for the wonders of this school. Hagrid led us to a gigantic set of doors and stopped. I was wondering why we had not gone in until a tall, gracious women appeared. "The firs'-years, Professor McGonagall" said Hagrid. I have been trained since I was very young and with the privileges of the royal family I can see through many spells. Even though I am still quite young I could see through this woman's spell. This woman was a werewolf and she was concealing how she really looks. (A/N: What term should I use? Werewolf or Lycan?) We wolves can differentiate ourselves from mere humans. And this woman was a werewolf, has been for a while it seems. It looks like she wants to keep the fact that she ages slower than others a secret. After a certain age we wolves start to age slower than humans. Though those with magical blood live and look younger than they should be we live nearly two times longer. The wolf blood makes our body stronger. I could see through her spell. I can see what she really looks like and what she wants people to see. She herself looked to be between thirty and forty years of age but her spell makes her look around sixty or seventy. Through my eyes her body is her normal age but the spell is surrounding her like a mask. The spell looks like a ghostly apparition around her body. She was beautiful, apparition or not. Her long gorgeous black hair was held in a bun and her emerald green eyes shone with so much emotion it took my breath away. Her eyes held so much joy; she must really enjoy her job. I was eased out of my musings and observations when her soothing but firm voice graced my ears. "Thank-you, Hagrid. I will take them from here" Professor McGonagall said as she turned to face us. "Welcome to Hogwarts," she said. "The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory and spend free time in your house common room." Glancing around, she met the eyes of students. "The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin. Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rule-breaking will lose house points. At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the House Cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours. The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarted yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting." Her eyes looked toward Ron, with his hair sticking up every which way. "I will return when we are ready for you," said Professor McGonagall. "Please wait quietly." As she turned to walk into the Great Hall, her eyes caught mine and her stride faltered, eyes growing slightly wider. I knew that in that moment Professor McGonagall realized who I was. It is a wolf's instinct to recognize those of the royal family. It is for this reason that those of the royal family do not conduct business face-to-face. My parents have secretaries of sorts for these purposes. Though a wolf may instantly realize our real identity in our presence, it is law to keep it secret unless it is necessary to protect them. This law is protected and enforced by an ancient magic. The magic will automatically alert the royal family if the law was compromised, and the Queen, my mom, will take care of the problem. If our secret was told with ill intent the punishment ranged from prison to death, depending on the severity of intent. We have been very careful as to not let our secret be found out by the Nova. If we discovered that a Nova knew we would bind them by Blood Vow. This is a very powerful werewolf vow that binds the person by their werewolf blood. This law is enforced so seriously because the Nova could plan against us with such powerful information. The Professor was hesitant to move but with a subtle nod from me she relaxed some and disappeared into the Great Hall. I will have to talk to her when I get the chance to. "Come now," said a gentle voice. "The Sorting Ceremony's about to start." The Professor had returned. Professor McGonagall turned to lead us into the Great Hall, eyes lingering on me for a second longer than everyone else. We all lined up in rows near the front of the hall. "When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted," She said as she lifted a parchment closer to her face. I knew that the glasses and having the parchment so close to her face was a farce. Wolf blood gave people the ability to have more than perfect vision. Professor McGonagall continued to read over the list and kids were placed into their Houses. Harry and Ron where placed into Gryffindor, though I wanted to be with my two friends I didn't mind what house I was in as long as it was not Slytherin. I'm not sure I could handle being surrounded by those who thought themselves above everyone else and boasted about it. Sure, my family