A Quiet Street Bouquet of Begonias & White Heathers: Beware & Protection Rubeus Hagrid was proud that he was often sent by Albus Dumbledore himself on various tasks, had done so since he was just a lad and trotting after old Ogg. It had been simple things at first, he still remembered the first time he had asked him: He had been sitting nervously at the staff table for the first time, Ogg drinking his Irish coffee and eatin' his hash. Hagrid had been starin' at his hands, tryin' to ignore the fact that people were starin' at him. His cheeks had been ruddy and red, and he had tried to be as small as possible. A hard task when y're taller than most at the table. The then Head of Gryffindor house had startled him and called out from the other end of the table: "Rubeus, my dear boy can you pass me the gooseberry jam?" Dark red and stumblin', he had taken the small crystal jar up to the Headmaster, hands tremblin' as he had passed it into delicate, veined hands. Things had only gotten grander and better since then. He tried not to build himself so much, boast 'bout the fact that such a great man trusted him. Now, as he was handed a hastily made portkey, his stomach turned and he blinked rapidly at the appearance of his dear Headmaster. The pounding on the door had woken him up, made the newborn Cerberus pup he had won off some greek chap snarl and bark: two heads standing at attention while the other whined at him, fur standing on end at being woken up so early in the morning. He had gotten up, and opened the door to see Albus, all mussed up and wild, still in his night clothes. Now, the man was pale, blinkin' rapidly as he pushed his way in and threw Hagrid's coat at him, on his head, and his boots knocked against his shins as he tossed 'em at 'im as well. Hagrid himself dragged it on, stuffed the portkey into the front most pocket and was already reaching from his boots. "One minute Hagrid and this portkey will take you to Godric's Hollow. Bring Primrose to this address." said Professor Dumbledore, and even in these troubled times, he had never heard him sound so urgent, so hoarse. Dumbledore gave him a slip of parchment, his hands tremblin'. "But Headmaster why- " "The Potters are dead, and Voldemort is gone." Hagrid as always, Dumbledore ignored the flinch of anyone around him when he spoke that dreadful name, " Rubeus, we have to get the girl out before anyone else arrives." "Lil' and Ja-" "Hargid", please, get in and out, there's no time to explain. The Fidelius Charm was broken. All of my spells were broken." he cried, and he looked up at Hagrid, blues eyes piercing, "They're gone." Hagrid blinked, shook his head, Ther's no bleedin' way tha' Lily and James- And with that a sharp tug at his navel made the Headmaster fade away in spinning mess of colors. Hagrid landed in an empty, dark street. Hagrid had never had been very graceful when it came to Magical transport, he liked the local trains well enough, and of course the Night Bus was always good for a laugh. But 'ports and Floo always made him sick to his stomach, turned him 'round. So his landing was not good, he fell on his backside and cursed up a storm. When he had finished, both the dark and the alarming quiet of the street in the early morning crept up on him. His spinnin' head settled, and he looked up. In front of him, was the Potter house. Or really what was left of it, which was not much at all. He felt his eyes fill as he stood, large hands trembling and knees knockin' together. He stumbled forward, blinking and breath harsh. He had not been 'round to the Potter's much, just for lil' Primrose christening and for tea now and again since Lily had moved in. That had stopped once they had gone into hiding, but he knew his way 'round it, and he took out his pink umbrella, teeth clenched and ready for anything that awaited him inside. He walked room to room, checking each and everyone on the ground floor before he started to make his way upstairs. He found James first. Still, face down, near the foot of the stairs. Arms sprawled and glasses knocked far away. James 's blin' as a bat with'ot his glasses. Carefully, knowing that he had little time, Hagrid rightened James, sobbing. Turned him 'round and closed glassy eyes. He stood and went further, room to room. He found the cat next, a small lil' thing that had been Lily's since her Hogwarts days, spooked and meowing at the sight of him. Hagrid scooped the thing up, stuffed it into an inside pocket to keep the tiny thing warm. It curled and whined into him as he went to the second floor, ever mindful of the creaking and chared steps as he went up. Room from room, charred and broken was what met 'im on the second floor. It was in the nursery that he found both Lily and Prim. Lily was slumped in front of the crib. Arms reaching. Green eyes so beautiful once still and grey. She had tears tracks running down her pale cheeks, and lil' Prim was tuggin' at her red hair, cryin'. Hagrid swallowed thickly before he stumbled forward. Prim looked up at his clumsy and thunderin' steps, she pointed to her mother: "Ma. Ma!" in a wailing voice, tears running down her face from her great eyes. "Shhh. 'S gonna be 'right." he said soothingly to the crying babe. He moved Lily, closed her flat eyes and laid her down, settled sprawled arms 'cross her chest in a relaxed position. Carefully, he tugged at Prim, and brought her close, blanket's and all. "Shhh. I got yer. Shhh. Pretty, lil' babe." he rocked, voice hoarse as he brought her close to his chest. He didn't look back at Lily, least he burst into sobs and collapsed, and fled the house. Sirius Black was running up the drive by the time Hagrid reached the door, still rocking the babe. "Hagrid!" "Sirius!" exclaimed the giant, blinkin' as he rocked, "O' Sirius, Lily and James!" Sirius looked wild and had his wand in hand. His face crumpled, paled and his chest began to rise an' fall quickly. His eyes filled as he looked down at the tiny bundle in Hargid's arms. "Why do you have Primrose?" " 'M s'ppose to take her to Dumbledore." he said, and he rocked and rocked the babe. Sirius's brows furrowed, and his arms reached out to Hagrid. "Give her here, Hagrid, I'm her godfather." Hagrid brought her closer to his chest and rocked and rocked the crying babe. " Can' do tha', Sirius. Dumbledore said-" "Right. You're right. Take my bike Hagrid." he jerked his thumb over his shoulder. Hagrid stared at the massive vehicle, blinking. "It can fly. Get her out of her. Quickly, Hagrid. Take her quickly before I changed my mind." his voice was quiet, fierce and thick. In one quick move, before Hagrid could even open his maw ter protest, Sirius moved forward, gave the small babe a kiss righ' on her forehead and turned rapidly on his heel, disappearing with a crack. Hagrid hurried to the massive bike, still rocking lil' Prim, and took off into the night sky, leavin' Godric's Hollow behind. OOOOOOOOOOOOO The idea that Primrose Dorea Potter, the only child of Lily and James Potter, could not and was not a normal girl was the only truly coherent thought in Albus Dumbledore's mind. It was an abnormal morning, even if one took into account the normal going ons of Samhain last night. Last night. Last night he had retired with a heavy heart, mind full of Tom Riddle's rise in these Dark times. His concern for the Potters had been a minimal, fleeting thoughts- for while there was not much that he trusted in this world, he trusted magic and he knew that the Fidelius Charm was powerful and true. He supposed that his greatest and firmest weakness was that he trusted in the bond of men. He himself had made that mistake once. And would continue to make that mistake if he were to have any sort of faith in his species. James and Lily had made the same mistake, apparently, in trusting their secret keeper, and for him not to insist upon being said keeper had cost them their lives. But he cannot say he does not regret his foolish pride and mistakes. Now, as he looked out at the quiet street that was untouched by the Wizarding War, he thought of the tragedy of two people whom had been in his Order, his soldiers against the darkness that he had mistakenly not stamped out in its infancy, he wondered at the cause of all of this. Tom's certainty of the prophecy. Two lives lost and another babe without its parents. More parallels , thought Albus Dumbledore, the same as a quiet, intense boy so long ago. The man's very appearance on the seemingly normal street in itself was a mystery, as well as the thoughts of the infant he had in mind. From his long silvery beard and hair, long enough to tuck neatly into his belt, to his sparkling blue eyes behind their half-moon spectacles to the long and crooked nose they rested upon to the very robes and cloak he wore. All seemed to be signs that something strange was about to happen in Privet Drive. And it had to do with the girl. He shifted from foot to foot, eyes flickering about and paused at number 4 Privet Drive: looking at the shiny brass digit on the house and gazing serenely at the future home of the little Potter girl. Deep down in his heart, he knew that this would not be a good place for the child, despite what his mind told him would be for the best for the future for the Wizarding World. If he was correct, things with Tom Riddle were not done, nor were the people that followed him 'dead' as he, and he had many things to ponder and prepare for however long the peace that the apparent death of Lord Voldemort had brought. He knew perfectly well, even after listening to the stern Professor McGonagall's protests that the Dursley family would not take a shine to having the girl in their household or her criticism about the spoiled family itself. But, even if she didn't know, Professor Dumbledore had no other choice. Petunia Dursley nee Evans, Primrose's aunt, was her only living relative and by default, the only one who could activate a proper blood ward for the girl. In short, Petunia, a mere Muggle, was the only person in the world who could properly protect the child from Tom's followers until she turned seventeen and the protection of Lily failed forever. The irony was not lost on him, but at the moment he had no real heart to laugh it. After giving a glance at his pocket watch, a curious little contraption that had twelve hands circling around it and tiny planets instead of numbers on it he sighed, blinking and clicking it quickly shut. It would have confounded any other Muggle who would have looked at it but Dumbledore had known nothing but that all his life, and he commented quietly: "Hagrid's late," to the irate professor beside him, before he turned to gaze about the dark street. It was partly to make some sort of conversation in the quiet street and partly to distract him from his own mind. Professor McGonagall gave him a stern look which he caught out of