Part I The naming of the Worm In an age far ago, in a land far away, a man sold his soul for a cause he thought worthwhile. His fate is told in no more than a few sentences. His motives are no longer rightly recalled. All that remains is his name, and hardly even that. Wormtongue. The snake. Saruman's bane. A witless worm he was called, before he met his bitter end. Yet, there is a story behind those few sentences. A dark story, yes, but one that still aches to be told… In a time of heroes, a time where legends and stories came to life and long forgotten prophecies were to be fulfilled, there lived a man who did not believe in hope, who did not strive for glory. A man of skill and wits, he used his words to persuade the world around him to become slightly more to his liking. He took pride in his abilities, and rightfully so, for he was both bold and cunning. But he had come to believe that he alone could see things others could not, and in time his pride made him cold and aloof. While it was true that he could often see straight to the heart of things that others thought complicated or clouded, he forgot that others might in turn see things that he himself could not. He also forgot that he was not the only one with a talent for seeing things for what they truly were. In time, he would remember, but by then it would already be too late. As he slowly detached himself from his kin, thinking that he was superior to their simple lives and worries, they in turn separated themselves from him. The man did not quite see that though simple they may be, they did not lack depth nor intelligence of their own. And while he came to despise them for their unsophisticated ways, they in turn came to view his intricate manners with increasing suspicion. One who sets himself aside from everything around him soon finds himself quite alone, and this man was no exception. The turns of his life eventually led him to a noble position serving at the court of his land, a position where his wit and talent was greatly appreciated and his manners were often forgiven. The King was respectable and well educated, and the man, now made Counsellor, held him highly in regards, at first. To learn new lessons when one is already well into adulthood, content and set in one's ways, is hard. No less so for the Counsellor who was about to be taught anew that others did indeed see things that he could not make out, and that they might have strengths he'd never dreamed of. It dawned on him slowly. Two children came to court, relatives of the King, orphaned by a war that had gone on for far too long. Endearing they were, bright and laughing once the memories that had scarred them began to fade deep into the back of their minds. Children must heal quickly in order to survive. An adorable girl and her brother no less so, a handsome young man in the making. The first lesson to be learned was of envy. The Counsellor had not known true envy for a long time, if ever. He had always found ways to acquire the things he desired, be it through coin, persuasion or downright lies. He only stopped short of stealth because he had found he didn't need to, often the coin would be enough and if not: there were oh , so many ways to persuade. But this time was different. He had grown comfortable at court, found a routine to follow and convenient strings to pull whenever needed. The King would heed his advice more often than not, and matters could almost always be arranged so that orders were carried out to the Counsellor's liking, never quite contradicting the King's but not always exactly in the way the ruler might have intended. Life had become, yes, easy . And now it was not. Children play, and run and scratch their knees, but they also watch and listen, and learn. Above all that, children always ask questions, and there had been no children in court for many years, no one to question the routines or the old ways. To say "it has always been so" bears no meaning to a child; sometimes, what was always so needs to change. This is how kingdoms survive, they evolve under the questioning eyes of their children. It was not the questions themselves that were reason to envy. No, it was the attention they got, the thought put into every query or suggestion made by that bright eyed pair. No longer had the King got ears only for his most clever servant, his attention must also be shared by twittering birds in the gardens and small hands pulling him down dusty corridors to venture bravely into half-forgotten storerooms and discover anew trinkets stored away long ago. The King would send his most trusted away to make time for some small talk with the children, fondly looking down into their big, serious eyes as they told him of the day's adventure, the night's dream or their hopes for the future. The Counsellor watched, and felt envy. The feeling crawled deep within him, and at first he could not recognize it for what it was. To see the three of them, heads close together, one stained with gray and the others still golden, whispering secrets or softly humming some old tune to which none of them could rightly remember the words; it made the man itch inside. He was held high in regards by his King, yes, but never was he asked about his dreams, his past, his visions more than in light conversation, soon forgotten. Never was he included in childish embraces or invited to treasure hunts behind the stables. He told himself that he'd never want to anyway. Him, a noble man! The mere idea! None the less, the man who had chosen to stand apart from others was, at last, beginning to feel lonely. As his King took the children to his heart, the Counsellor stood aside and wished, for the first time, to belong. But how could he? He, who had prided himself in not needing anybody, would not know how to begin. Small trinkets, stories told and some education, this he could offer. All he proposed was received with polite thanks from the children, or the King, when it came to the education. But a teacher is not family, and the man was not let in as far as he had hoped. The children understood each other as only those who've grown up together can, instinctively reading one another, always knowing or understanding what the other needed or wanted. That one person could understand the other so well, the man had never realized till now, and he wanted badly to be a part of it but found that he could not. And as envy bloomed in his heart, he tried the only way he knew how to quell it: by tearing apart what he himself could never have, by planting distrust between the brother and sister. Such is the nature of envy: the man thought that if he could not have it, then they too must be undeserving. So he set to work with taking their trust in each other away from them. Sometimes he would be successful, managing to place a wedge between them, whispering rumours and lies to make them wary of each other. But sometimes he was not. And as he was truly not understanding the nature of trust, of love and the worth of family. It took long before he became aware that the wedges were sometimes pushed out after he was gone, that small cracks would be healed or plastered over, that voices which had cried out in anger could just as soon turn soft again, explaining and soothing. The brother and sister grew wary of each other, yes, but they grew even more wary of the man who was trying to force them apart because he could not have what they had. As time went by, the bitterer became his lies, whispered clandestinely in darkness. As woodworm in rot wood will gnaw away on the inside till naught is left and the tree will fall apart on its own accord, so were the Counsellor's words gnawing on them. And on the King, once they tried to turn to him; he would not believe such things of his most trusted servant, and failed to recognise the man's subtle hand in such wry chords as now rang within his court and family. Alike as the two siblings might have been, they were yet different. Both were kind, both well mannered, but the would-be-princess held steel in her soul; a cold determination to get her what she needed, while her brother held fire; a sparkling, everlasting source of energy. He was the one more likely to speak before thinking, she more likely to brood on words flown out too hasty, and to contemplate their meaning. These character traits were both good and bad and would have brought them joy and sadness alike, had they been left alone. The Counsellor, however, had learned to target such traits, seeing them as weaknesses that he might use to his liking. To make a young man speak out in anger is not hard, especially if he's hot-headed. That a young woman should dwell on such heated words would follow without further urging. So easily done, so hardly undone. Trying to find strength from each other, the young sister and brother came up with a nasty nickname: Wormtongue, they would call him, for his tongue is forked and his words will gnaw and gnaw and gnaw away at us if we let them. Better not to let them, better not to trust a word he says. They took comfort in each other, and they shut the man out. And the man, the Wormtongue, would moan and curse and spit into the darkness because in his efforts to belong he had ended up lonelier than before. The envy curled itself around his heart, blackened it, bore a hole into his soul and left him with no way to fill it other than to double his efforts in tearing at what others had, thinking it would bring him satisfaction. If he could not have it, neither should they. And it did bring satisfaction, after a fashion. But it left a bitter taste, and the hole within him would keep on tugging. As the brother and sister grew older, a new bitter lesson was to be learned by the man now known to them as Wormtongue. The brother took to the sword and became a rider proud, tall and strong and good-humoured. The sister also learned to wield the sword, as was the custom in their land, but her duties lay not with the riders but with the affairs of the kingdom. The King had a grown up son, destined to take the crown after him, and the young brother was to be schooled as Marshal, a captain, while the sister was thought of as wife of a regent to be, which meant she was taught script and figures, names and customs of other lands, practising to write introduction letters for emissaries with all the correct greetings for trade, and a thousand other tasks that she could not bear to remember. Too many. She had not wished for it at all, thought her brother's task the longer straw. How could it not be? Grab your sword, stick the pointy end into the enemy. There. Simple. She had never wished for anything more. But the King had great hopes for her, for both of them. A Marshal, he thought, was a