When Grey Fades to Black Even after Peeta had shaken Katniss awake from her nightmare, she felt as if she was still in it. It had taken five minutes at the most to wake her, once her thrashing woke him, but it felt like an eternity for both of them. They both knew how precious five minutes could be. You could die—physically and mentally—within five minutes. You could watch other people die within five minutes. You could lose yourself within five minutes. They knew thoughts like these were damaging but inevitable. Her whole body ached when she woke up. Whether it was from thrashing, or actually having to run from the demons that haunt her, she didn't know. She couldn't tell because the nightmare felt so real. It easily drove her mad not knowing if it was real or not. Her breathing picks up to an alarming pace, and she puts her hands over her ears. The screams. Real. Those were real. So real. Her sobbing and screams drown out Peeta from her foggy, delusional mind. She would always be mentally disordered in some way. Peeta desperately tries to pull her from the bonds of her nightmare, but she only cries harder. She had taught herself how to wake up from a nightmare, how to calm herself down, how to not breakdown like this. She tried the methods, but they all failed. Her whole body tremors with her sobs, like she's being electrocuted. She curls up, eyes squeezed shut. Peeta tries to reach wherever she has locked up her mind, but she has locked the door. She was alone in her mind. Peeta didn't give up trying to reach her as she collapsed in on herself. This nightmare had been the final straw in order for her to lose her mind all over again. He remembered last time this happened. She hadn't gotten out of bed for weeks. That couldn't happen again, she was just becoming herself again since last time. "Katniss," Peeta whispers in her ear. "Hey. Katniss. Did I ever tell you about the time I saw the meadow for the first time?" She replies with a sob. "It was my father who took me. It was before I was old enough to work at the bakery, so he was looking for something he could do with me on his day off. I suggested we just work on some drawings or paint a bit, but he suggested we take a walk," Katniss quiets her sobs. "I figured he was planning something, so I went along with it. We walked across the Square to the Seam. That was the first time I had also been in the Seam. "When I first saw the meadow, I thought the whole day had been a dream. I didn't think the meadow could look any more beautiful. The sun was giving off a soft, pale yellow light. From the previous night's rain, the grass has water drops on it, and with the sun shining on it, it could take anybody's breath away. The flowers—oh, Katniss, the flowers!—they were blooming like crazy. It was in the middle of spring, so the weather was amazing ," Peeta's eyes light up. The story allows Katniss to briefly take her mind off the creatures that are out there hunting her. "It was the kind of weather that we all love, and it makes you feel comfortable and alive. It's when the weather isn't so cold that you need a jacket, but then you aren't sweating gallons. You could be outside all day and the temperature would never change. It's that kind of weather." Katniss allows her mind to imagine the picture that Peeta is painting with his words. She can picture a young Peeta and a younger looking Mr. Mellark. She imagines Peeta staring and marveling its beauty, then trying to remember the image so he can paint it, at least once his father teaches him how. As Peeta continues to paint the image for her with words, she finds herself calming down. The mutts suddenly don't seem as terrifying and the thought of losing Peeta escapes her mind. Only Peeta could calm her down like this, when she's already so lost in her own mind. Peeta coaxes her through the nights, and in return, she deals with the struggles the days bring for them both. By the time he finishes the story, Katniss is still crying, but silently. Right when he finishes his story, the anxiety of the nightmare hits her. She inhales, but then she feels her mind blank. She can't remember how to breathe. She starts choking on nothing. The words, "anxiety attack" pop into her mind. Does she have meds for this sort of thing? If so, does she even still own them? Or did she throw them away along with all the other medications they gave her? Either way, unless she can remember how to breathe, Peeta is going to have a harder time calming her down again. Peeta grabs her shoulder and puts his face in front of hers. "Katniss, breathe. Just breathe." Peeta says softly before imitating the deep breaths she should be taking. His lips pucker and his chest puffs up as he inhales. He seems at ease, yet slightly panicked once he exhales. She tries to take a deep breath, but she just chokes on air. Katniss swears the walls are closing in on her, and that the mutts are camped out in the closet, just waiting for Katniss to emerge. Peeta puts his arms around her tense form to rub gentle circles onto her back. It calms her slightly, but she's still hyperventilating. When she is finally able to inhale without choking, she starts to sob again. Katniss feels as if she'll be sick, but she's not sure why this nightmare has gotten so out of control. The mutts were chasing her, but that is a normal occurrence for her nightmares. She remembers running to someone, but when she reached him, the mutts started attacking him. She realized she had led the mutts straight to that man, but why was it bothering her so much? She locked herself up within the nightmare and watched it replay. The man had curly, ashy blonde hair. Their figure was tall and strong, but gentle. Then she heard the cry the man lets out when a mutt bites off his leg. Peeta. The man in the dream was Peeta and she can't bear the thought of losing Peeta. If she lost him, she'd be the next to join him. There would be no reason to live without Peeta. Peeta sits her in his lap when she remembers how to breathe. She hides her head in his shoulder as he rubs her back. "It's just a dream, just a dream. It's okay. Shhh," Peeta coos in her ear. "I-I can't," she chokes out. "I can't." Neither was sure why she was saying it, but it was all that would come out of her mouth. It was a dream. Peeta's alive. You're alive. You're both safe. It was just a dream , she tells herself. Peeta whispers calming words to her, praying for them to get past the mental wall she's built within a matter of minutes. He rubs circles in between her shoulder blades as she quietly sobs into his shoulder. They stay like this until Katniss is all cried out, until she feels as if she sobs one more time she'll throw up the previous night's dinner. He tries to coax her to lift her head, to stop hiding, but she nudges her head into his shoulder more every time he tries to lift her head. He sighs with defeat when he realizes she wants to be alone but can't handle being alone right now. Peeta tugs the hair tie that keeps her dark braid together. Her braid loosens from its tight woven pattern. Her shoulders lose some of their tension as Peeta runs his fingers through the braid to undo it. Peeta kisses the top of her head. Katniss shifts her legs a bit, so they're laid out straight. She wraps her legs around Peeta's waist, pulling her knees up to press into his sides. Her boney knees press into his ribs in a painful way, but he doesn't mind it if it helps her feel better. He keeps his arms wrapped tightly around her until her trembling ceases. He attempts to bring her head from his shoulder, and finally, after hours of trying to calm her down, she lets her head rise with his hand under her chin. Her eyes are red and puffy from the intense crying. He looks into her eyes and sees nothing but fear and sadness. He was afraid for her. Sometimes if things got too bad in her head, she would be a prisoner to the bed for days, sometimes weeks. She would shut everybody out and she would seem unreachable. Those were the times that Peeta wondered how she would cope if she was alone. Would she take her life? She'd tried that plenty of times even if she wasn't alone. Would she become like Haymitch? Drunk and lonely? Would she just lay in bed and be alone? Or would she figure out that the loneliness was only temporary? That she has a whole country there for her, wanting to pick her up if she fell apart? Peeta shook his head to shoo away the thoughts. Katniss was here, she was alive, and she was healing. That's all that mattered. "I'm right here if you need me," he whispers. Peeta didn't know if he was whispering it to reassure her or himself. "I know," she replies. "I'm always here." "I know." Peeta puts his forehead against Katniss'. "I'm not leaving you, not now, not ever," he says. He plants a light kiss on the tip of her nose. "I don't want you to leave," she whispers. "Do you want to sleep?" Peeta asks. He knows the answer already, but he thought it would be worth a shot to ask anyway. She takes her forehead off of his and buries her head in his chest. "No, not after that." "Then lay with me," Peeta says. She doesn't object as he leans back both of them until they're laying down. Peeta reaches down by their thighs and pulls the sheets up to their shoulders. Katniss snuggles into the sheets and curls up against Peeta. She worries for a brief moment about the morning, when he finally has to get out of bed to go to the bakery. She reminds herself he won't be too far, just a ten minute walk away. And Haymitch is just across the road if she needs him. She pushes the thoughts away and puts her leg over Peeta's thigh. He buries his head in her hair, inhaling in its scent. Peeta falls asleep once he's sure Katniss won't breakdown crying again. Katniss stays awake though. She thinks about Peeta and her feelings for him. She's never confronted him on her feelings, but she assumes—and hopes—that he knows how she feels about him. About how every time he touched her, she felt tingly and warm, or how when he kissed her cheek or forehead (they'd never kissed on the lips since his return to District 12.) she would have to fight off a smile or the excitement that churned her stomach. He'd let his feelings for her—his confessions of love—slip a few times before, and she would always turn bright red, but there was a feeling nagging at her to tell him the same. Peeta had always changed the subject before she gathered the courage to say it. Telling Peeta she loved him felt like she would finally be giving up her innocence. Peeta had claimed her as his long before, but he was still waiting for her to claim him. It has been five years since the war ended and