He strolled along the sidewalks of the districts, basking in the cool October sunshine. It was a little too cool for his light jacket, but the chill of the fall breeze wasn't enough to make him sway from his destination. He didn't smile at anyone he met, but it was clear that none of these new faces recognized his, which was good news to him. The last thing he wanted was an awkward confrontation of an old friend and the news of his arrival spreading through town. He hadn't told his mother he was coming for a reason: he didn't want the fanfare. It was clear that nothing was the same, just a walk around the district could tell him that. The shops and houses he remembered were either rebuilt or replaced along the streets of District 12, and most of the people were either recovering or replaced. The starving, cold, sick memories of the past were just that—memories, memories that were replaced by the pleasant colored houses and full stomachs. He wasn't sure why it bothered him so much to see the smiling faces of the kids playing on the sidewalks. It wasn't just the kids of district 12, but even the kids that he saw in 2 or anywhere else in Panem that he went. He attributed it to the lack of a "happy" childhood that he and his family had missed out on, the constant fear of the mines, starvation, and the risk of his secret hunting habit being found out. He also attributed it to the whiskey he constantly drank, but he didn't like admitting that out loud. So what was he holding on to? Was it the idea that one day things could magically go back to the way they were, except better? Was it the belief that saying sorry sincerely, face to face, could fix things as easily as a band-aid? That somehow he would finally find the magic words and there she'd be, arms open, ready to kiss him every night and have his babies. There was only one thing from his past that he constantly felt the need to fix, he wasn't sure why, but for some reason she and all the mistakes he had made with her had been preying upon his mind all these years. The chilled feeling from the breeze almost brought him back to memories from his teenage years—walking the girls home from school with his own brothers and sisters, taking the sluttiest girls in the district to the slag heap in the dead of night, and trudging through the woods looking for food… the list of memories he'd rather forget just drug on, and he found himself wishing he had packed more whiskey for this trip. What was he doing? It was a question he had asked himself at least ten times a day since he had made the decision to come. The invitation had to be something that was sent to him out of polite respect, not to actually get him to hop a train to 12. Surely no one had really expected him to come here, and that was why he had come. He had taken it as a sign, and maybe it was meant to be taken as a sign that she had moved on and was finally happy, but Gale determined it as a sign that he needed to intervene, and fast. So he had called his boss, asked for two weeks off, hopped the first train he could catch and lit out for district 12. And the closer the train brought him to his past, the more anxious he was. He only had two weeks, meaning he would be there for the wedding in a week and a half, and then he'd have a couple days to do…whatever. Gale knew he'd probably spend it sulking, but it would be better to sulk at home than to be by himself in his apartment. Besides, he hadn't been back to 12 to visit since… well, his mother would be happy to see him anyway, she had called to tell him she'd be in town a few days before, and made sure he knew what hotel she'd be at in case he wanted to come too. By the time the train had halted in the familiar station, Gale had decided his first stop would be the familiar hunting grounds he used to roam. He needed the familiarity of the woods to slow his heartbeat, to clear his head, to help him find the words he so desperately needed. With every step he took, he found himself calming down, the nerves fluttering away and the familiar confidence returning. Who was she to ruin him anyhow?, he thought to himself. She was a woman, and he could have any that he wanted in district 2 to fill his bed. She was nothing more than an old friend, like any of the war buddies he still kept up with. And he had kept up with most of them. Delly Cartwright had gotten married to a man she met in 13 nearly three years ago and Gale had been there for it. He had kept his picture of the two of them dancing during the reception, all happy and smiling, just like the two years that brought them together hadn't happened. As if they were two friends dancing at a wedding, happy for each other, not two friends who had fought beside each other in a brutal war. No one had mentioned her that day directly, but several of his old friends asked him if he'd ever be tying the knot. He had smiled, made some jokes, but the answer was always the same: he'd probably never get married, he had his shot at love. And when Annie had gone into labor, he took a train and met Johanna in district 4. He was the first person to hold the baby and Annie even let him cut the baby's cord, and he went back to see the baby boy occasionally. He knew he'd never take Finnick's place, but the baby was the closest thing Gale was going to have to a son, and he had been making plans to move out to 4 so he could see them more. When Johanna had her snowmobile accident two years ago, Gale had been the first person that was called and the first person to show up in district 7. He had stayed out there for nearly a month, working from his laptop at home and doing his best to nurse Johanna back to health. She never mentioned it, but he knew that she was dying to talk about what had happened after the war, and Gale's emotional state. But in all the time he spent with her, Johanna never brought it up. Gale thought that was part of why he liked seeing her so much, but he never pushed the thought. And of course, every year, everyone from the rebellion was invited to 4 so Annie would give them a big Thanksgiving dinner, Christmas was spent at Johanna's, and since Gale's birthday was in the summer, they would all come to district 2 for that. He even made a point of visiting his mother and Posy in district 13 every so often, but his mother's new husband grated on his nerves. Even so, it was much easier for Gale to be surrounded by friends and family than on his own. Haymitch would sometimes come out and visit with them, even though his time was limiting in his old age. He hadn't lasted long in the Capitol politics before he just quit liquor and alcohol—both cold turkey. His sudden marriage to Effie hadn't really surprised anyone except Johanna. She had thrown a fit about it for days afterward, Gale remembered, but eventually she had come to terms with it and the two of them went to visit the happy couple in the Capitol City. Their home was a pleasant color, but not too big, just like Haymitch would want. Gale had been worried about visiting them alone, so he took Johanna, and while the girls were catching up, Haymitch had asked him the one question most people tried to avoid, "How are you?" "I'm okay," he had shrugged, "Army keeps me busy." True to character, he had taken a drag off a cigar, "You be quiet about this, boy, Effie doesn't know about this," gesturing to his cigar. "helps me stay off the alcohol." He had paused, and Gale could still remember that piercing smile that seared through every pretense he had ever put up. "She still doesn't know, does she?" "Know what?" he had testily answered. "How much you love her." Gale had found himself taken aback by the bluntness, mainly because everybody had been so careful to spare his feelings since the war ended. He never responded to the statement (still hadn't), and it had never come up again. But as the years went on, only one member of the original Mockingjay team didn't show up. And the only person it didn't surprise was Gale. Peeta had made her excuses at every function or party there had been in the years, but it still bothered everyone that she didn't want to be seen or to see them. In a way, they all understood (Gale most of all), but it still hurt their feelings that she was so ready to close the book on such a big chapter of their lives. Gale looked up from his trip down memory lane, shoulders still broad with confidence; she was just another war buddy, and Gale was just another old friend attending her wedding. Gale almost smiled when he realized his feet had found the old familiar path, but frowned when it did not show the signs of neglect that he had figured. In fact, the path to the woods was quite worn, as if someone had been using it more than once or twice per day. There was only one person in the world that followed the same path Gale was using, and he felt his heart sink and his confidence give way. " Katniss ." It almost hurt for Gale to say her name. He frowned, not realizing he had said it out loud. How long had it been since he had said her name, just in a casual conversation? Even in the beginning of their friendship, Gale had always found a reason to talk about her, to bring her up, to brag on her. But since the war had ended, he had found himself doing everything he could to avoid her name, her picture, her personality, anything that resembled her. Even hunting. He had assumed that she had done the same, based on the casual but pointed reports Johanna would give him. But she was hunting again. Did going into the woods make her think of him? Surely it did. Did she sit on their old rock and think about the past? Surely she did. Or did she avoid their old spots altogether? He wouldn't blame her if she did. He stopped where the fence should be…or, was. It was hard to think of district 12 as a completely new thing now; he needed to stop comparing it to what it was. He closed his eyes and remembered mornings of calmly listening to the fence, and he felt his heartbeat slow as his body yearned for the familiar buzz of the electric fence to signal his safe passage into the woods. But the fence wasn't there anymore. Neither were any of the things that he so desperately wanted to see in this district. So he opened his eyes again and kept walking the path to the hollow logs that housed their bows. He wondered if his was still there, preserved after all this time, because he had never had time to come back and get it after everything was settled. He