Chapter 1 A/N: Hello and welcome to the sequel. I hope it won't disappoint. If you haven't read We, Alone, I recommend doing that first, as this will make zero sense otherwise. "We aren't bad people really." Hermione wrung and wrung her hands around each other, biting her lip. Harry grunted as he tied the rope tighter. "You see, we would never think, never even consider, doing something like this, but you see, it's rather important." She clasped her hands in front of her to stop their nervous movement. Harry sighed and stood, brushing his hands against his jeans before giving the rope a couple of pulls to make sure it stayed strong. The man in the ropes glared up at them, his large, walrus like face turning more and more red, his bulging stomach folding around the middle ropes. She frowned at him. "Did you have to make the ropes so tight?" Harry's eyebrows rose in disbelief. "It's...It's just...what if it hurts him?" He rolled his eyes. "We're kidnapping him. I don't think if we loosen the ropes more he would suddenly be cool with everything." Hermione sighed and without further comment flicked her wand, "Wingardium Leviosa." The man named Slughorn wobbled off the ground for a second before landing again with a small oof. "I think you need to emphasis the gar in wingardium more, you know. Wing- gar -dium Levi- o -sa." Hermione narrowed her eyes at him while he smirked. She did it again, this time successfully lifting him into the air. Their captive sagged against the ropes, looking very uncomfortable. "Let's just get this over with." Harry started walking towards the small cabin a distance away from the field where Slughorn, only five minutes ago, had been collecting Aconite. They slipped their way into the darkened cabin, Hermione letting him down as gently as she could next to the fireplace. "What was that spell that Neville taught us again? You know, the one that muffles everything the caster says outside of a certain circle? "It was something easy like Miffilto or Mufflato or something." "Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades." Harry barked out a short laugh. "You're the one with the encyclopedia brain, shouldn't you remember?" She grinned a little sheepishly. "I thought it was pretty easy too and didn't really try commit it to memory either." He shrugged "We can hardly say the floo address around him, still." "But the veritaserum and other potions are back in the living room." Rain started to patter against the thatched roof. They stared down at the their captive as he started to jerk around more strongly against his ropes at the word veritaserum. "At least we know the anti-apparition ropes work." They looked back up at each other, ignoring the soft huffing and scraping sounds by their feet. "Why don't you floo back and get it, and we'll just do this whole thing here?" She stood with her hands on her hips, considering for a moment before nodding. "I feel better about that than the potential of him seeing anything telling in the living room anyway." She moved towards the small, dusty fireplace, looking at Harry as he kneeled next to Slughorn, covering his ears with his hands and starting loudly singing 'God Save the Queen.' Shaking her head she whispered their address and disappeared in the swirling green flames. Harry stopped singing, dropping his hands from the other's ears. He sat cross legged, staring out the small grimmy window as the rain poured harder. Slughorn was staring up at him with intensity, no longer struggling against the ropes. He looked back down at him, a long minute of silence only punctuated by the sound of a thunder clap. Hesitating, he pulled the red cloth from Slughorn's mouth. "Start screaming and I'll just put this back in." Slughorn nodded, coughing a few times, trying to bring back moisture to his mouth. "What do you want from me?" "Information." He shook his head grimly. "I'm afraid that I'm a bad choice then. I'm no favourite of the Dark Lord." Harry gave him a sad smile. "Even though you make all those lovely potions for him?" Slughorn frowned at him, his eyes calculating despite the panicked sheen of sweat across of his red face. "Are you muggleborns?" "I'm Harry Potter." Slughorn's face fell into astonishment, his mouth gaping in shocked silence as Hermione returned with a flood of green light and a small bag. "As a potion's master who works under Vol- Him, you must have some immunity to the Truth Potion, no?" Slughorn didn't answer, still staring at Harry in amazement. "I knew your mother quite well, she was a favourite of mine. Looking at you, you have her eyes. Precisely her eyes." There was tense silence as Harry considered him. "She was a favourite of yours? Doesn't it bother you, then, that your master killed her?" Slughorn closed his eyes slowly, relaxing in his robes as much as he could. "I don't serve him out of love, but fear." He opened his eyes as slowly as he closed them, looking at Hermione, still standing by the fireplace, with a small smile. "Yes, indeed I have a small immunity to veritaserum. But it takes a great deal of energy and will to fight against a well made veritaserum potion. If it makes you two feel better, I will have a much harder time fighting against questions asked by Lily Evan's son than a master I cannot condone." Harry and Hermione glanced at each other, uncertain of what to make of this. There was another roll of thunder directly overhead, shaking dust in the roof down in a fine trickle. She pulled out a small vile of clear liquid and uncorked it, taking slow steps forward. She knelt down on his other side and in a small voice, asked him to open his mouth. Slughorn sighed, but did so, his mustache blocking his upper lip. Hermione poured the whole vial in. His eyes widened, trying to cough some of it up, but with a tortured look she held his mouth closed and plugged his nose until he swallowed. "Sorry. Have to be sure." She whispered, looking down at her hands. Harry coughed, looking down at Slughorn's slack face and vacant eyes. "What is your name?" "Horace Eugene Flaccus Slughorn" "When have you taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?" "I have taught there twice, once from 1931 to 1981 and again from 1991 until currently." "Why?" "The first time it was because I loved to teach. I both love imparting knowledge and having influence over developing impressive minds. The second time was because the Dark Lord asked me to." "You taught the Dark Lord when he went to Hogwarts, didn't you?" "Yes." "What was his name then?" "Tom Marvolo Riddle." "What was he like?" There was a tension in Slughorn's slack face now, only around the eyes, but his answer still came as quickly as the others. "He was a charming, handsome young man, extremely powerful and intelligent. But there was a darkness around him. His friends seems a little too eager to please him." "Was he also a favourite of yours?' "Yes." "Did he ever talk to you about a thing called horcruxes?" Now the strain was across all of his face. He arched his back and clenched his hands into white knuckled fists. Hermione watched him struggle the her hands over her mouth. "Yes." He hissed out through clenched teeth. Harry watched him struggle, clearly in pain, with a rapidly beating heart, his hands shaking. "What did he ask?" Slughorn's eyes bulged, blood trickling out of the corner of his mouth as he bit his tongue. He convulsed against the ropes. Hermione's muffled voice wavered as she spoke into her hands, "We have to stop." But Harry shook his head, swallowing the thick feeling of rising bile, and rolled him to his side, blood trickling out faster, but at least allowing him to breath. "What did he ask about the horcruxes?" Slughorn suddenly went slack, hitting his head against the floor in his suddenly lack of tension. Hermione let out a gasp. But Slughorn spoke, his voice more mechanical than ever, eyes a different kind of glassey. "He asked if it would be more powerful to make 6 horcruxes, the 7th being the part of the soul still in the person. I said yes." They looked at each other over his limp body in shock, Hermione recovering first. She rolled him onto his back again, dropping another vile of potion down his throat. His eyes refocused rapidly, widening in horror. "What have you two made me do? How could you possibly…" He faded into quiet, too overcome to say more. Harry started to answer, but Hermione shook her head, levitating Slughorn through the door swiftly, grabbing her bag as she went. Though the rain had slowed considerably, their shoulders and hair were still soaked by the time they were back in roughly the same part of the field they had captured him. Hermione laid him gently on the ground, then grabbed another vial from the bag. He coughed against it once but his eyes still closed, his body completely relaxing. She removed the ropes and then feed him one more vile, which removed the robe burns and healed his mangled tongue. She turned on her heel and marched back towards the cabin, clanking bag on one arm, rope looped around the other. Harry followed behind, his hands in his pockets. She took a pinch of floo powder from her pocket, but before she could throw it in the dying flames, Harry held her arm in place. She turned to look at him, her mouth in a grim line, her eyes wet. "Hermione…" "I told him we weren't bad people, really. I had the nerve to say that to him. But that was certainly not something good people do, was it?" Harry moved his hand down to hers, rubbing her knuckles with his thumb. "He won't even remember." Hermione made a disgusted sound, pulling her hand away. Harry gritted his teeth. "What matters is that we lucked into some very, very important information. We thought he'd be a lead that lead to more useful leads, not be the lead of all leads. This… this is a miracle. I- I didn't like that either. It was never...I didn't want to hurt him...but look at what he knew. He hurt himself." Hermione looked up at him, her grim expression unchanged. "Let's just get back. I'm freezing." He could only nod and step into the flames behind her. The only sound was of the crackling fire and pens against paper. Harry reached forward for his cup of tea, jumping a little when Hermione slammed her notebook against the table. "How can you be so blase about this? We practically tortured a man." He took his tea cup and brought it to his lips, taking a long sip. He held it in his hands, staring at the dregs of the tea leaves. Hadn't he read somewhere that they could be read to predict the future? All he could see was brown lumps. "He'll be perfectly fine." "He bit through his tongue." "We didn't make him do that." "We left him unconscious in the rain in the middle of a field." "That was your idea." "Not the rain!" "We didn't make it rain." "Why aren't you more concerned about this?" "Why are you determined to feel bad about this? It wasn't pleasant, but we don't need to have a whole moral quandary about it." "I'm certainly having a moral quandary about it. We kidnapped and tortured a man." Harry sighed, putting his cup down. "Stop saying it like that. You were pretty okay with the kidnapping and interrogating him part when we were planning all of this. Is it that the questions caused him pain? That isn't our fault, that