… ...Katniss... "Great, I'll see you on Thursday, Mrs Trinket-Abernathy, I'll have Bonnie call you back with the time and place. Then Friday, we'll have the final edit to print, okay, have a good evening, bye-bye." I place my phone back on the table, screen facing up, just in case I receive an email, and smile at my sister. She casts her eyes at me for an instant, then goes back to pushing her food around her plate. "I'm sorry, Prim, what were you saying?" I slouch back on my chair and try, once again, to give her my full attention. "It's really not that important," she mumbles, pushing a blonde lock of hair behind her ear. "Anything you say is important to me," I say softly, truly meaning it. Primrose is the person that I love and care for the most in this entire universe. She dwells on something for a moment, furrowing her perfectly shaped eyebrows, then smiles at me, taking a small amount of weight off my shoulders. "I think we found a place," she says excitedly, "it's on the nice part of the city, just like you asked, the owner said we can install the home security stuff that you also asked for, plus it's only a couple minutes walk from the bakery we love." "So you really are moving out?" I sigh, allowing my sadness to show at her final decision when she nods. "Both Rue and I love the apartment and I think I'm ready, Katniss," she explains softly, obviously trying not to hurt my feelings. "I don't want you providing for me forever." "Prim, I only have you in my life to care for, trust me, I like providing for you." "I know but I got my job at the hospital and with both mine and Rue's salary we can just about make-" "I'm paying for your new apartment, don't even try to argue with me," I tell her sternly but then soften my scowl. "You know, I'm gonna miss you making a mess around the house, and I'm gonna be lonely as hell but if you say it's time then what can I do?" Prim frowns at my lame attempt to laugh, and reaches for my hand. "You can come over anytime you want and who knows, maybe Gale will-" I pull my hand away and hold it to my chest, as if I've been electrocuted. "Katniss, I'm sorry, I didn't-" My phone interrupts her talking, for the third time. This time, I gladly reach for it, wanting to stop this conversation my than anything. I check the caller ID and I breathe out in relief. Flavius. Thank fucking God. "Please, for the love of God tell me you have the photo shoot wrapped up and ready to be edited into the final piece?" I say after sliding my finger across the screen to answer the call. "Oh, Katniss! The photographer lost her camera on the way here then to top it off we had a major wardrobe malfunction," Flavius, one of the assistant designers at The Capitol magazine, panics, making my head hurt that much more. "Do I need to come down there? And how the hell did she lose her camera?" "I have no idea, and I don't know, Katniss. Cinna looks pretty calm but I swear he's gonna burst if anything else happens!" "What do you need, Flavius?" "Umm, send me the make and model of the camera we last used and see whether we can reserve the studio for tomorrow morning, about half past nine till midday? I would've asked Bonnie, but she's left for the day to do God only knows what and I don't have her number." I pinch the bridge of my nose forcefully and scowl. This is really the last thing I needed today. After spending the whole day checking everything is on track for our final meeting with Effie Trinket-Abernathy so she can approve all of our work for this season's issue, then having to actually to talk Effie, I'm exhausted. And by the look of things, the rest of this week isn't going to be any easier. "Don't worry, I've got everything on my tablet, I'll just send it to you right now and I'll check if the studio is available." "Oh my god, Katniss," Flavius almost sobs into the phone, "you are a life saver! What would The Capitol do without you?" "Crash and burn?" I say dryly then look at Prim again, who is texting away on her phone. "Call me if anything comes up." "Yes, yes, of course. Oh! Happy partying!" "Yeah, thanks," I mutter before hanging up and twisting my body to unzip my bag to pull out my tablet. Before I can get in an apology, Prim shoves her phone in her little side bag and pushes herself away from the table. "Where are you going, Prim?" "I'm going home." "Prim-" "No, Katniss, you can't even disconnect from The Capitol for a couple of hours o n your birthday to spend time with me?" She exasperates, slinging the strap of her bag over her shoulder. "I understand that what you went through was hard but, you don't have to push everyone who cares about you away and hide away behind work." I watch as my sister exits the restaurant, making no move to stop her, simply because she's right. I would rather sit behind my desk, deciding what is going to be put in this season's issue than talk to people or go out and I don't even like my job. I only took it in the first place because the pay was ridiculously good. I sigh and wave at the waiter for him to bring me the check, losing my appetite. After swiping my credit card on the machine, I gather my things and make my way to the door but stop. I glance over to the bar and bite my lip. What's sadder, going home to drink your sorrows then having to face your pissed off younger sister on your birthday or staying at a bar to drink your sorrows then going home to face your pissed off younger sister on your birthday? Both seem pretty equal but at home, too many things remind me of the bastard so with yet another sigh- of which my life consist a lot of theses days-, I make a one-hundred-and-eighty turn and head to the bar. I take another sip of my beer and put my tablet away, I've already sent the information to Flavius and given him the thumbs up for using the studio tomorrow and now, I have nothing else to do but watch the bartender stride up and down the bar serving drinks to other lonely people, like me. I'm about to pull out my phone to check for any missed calls or emails when someone sits on the stool beside me. I move my body away from the person without even looking at them and slide my glass with me. The person chuckles. "I haven't even said anything and you've already rejected me, what a start." a deep gravelly voice jokes sadly. "Not interested," I say, still not looking up at him. "Could you please just do me a favor?" This makes me look up and him. I hold back a gasp when my eyes meet probably the most bluest, most beautifulest pair of eyes. "My friends, they say I have no game, which you've just proved right, but they have a bet going on and I don't want to seem more of a loser than I already I'm. So if you could just, smile and write down some random numbers on my phone with some random name, I swear I will leave you alone and never bother you ever again." A precisely squared jaw with a thin layer of blonde stubble match his defined lips and high cheek bones. His light blonde hair is styled in a way that the women and even men would go nuts over at The Capitol and the kind smile on his lips wraps it all up, reminding me of what being attracted to someone feels like. This guy's face is so perfectly sculpted that it would make Leonardo Da Vinci weep. "I'll take that silence as a no then..." he chuckles, and his long fingers curl around his glass, of what I'm guessing is whiskey, and makes a move to stand. "I'm sorry, I bothered you, have a good night." His apologetic smile is wiped clean off his face when I grab his hand, stopping him from leaving. "I'm-" My voice comes out, in a squeaky, uneven tone so I clear my throat and try again, this time in a much smoother voice, "I'm Katniss." "Nice to meet you, Katniss, I'm Peter," he holds out his hand and I shake it, feeling how strong and firm it is. "I'm sorry for being rude earlier, Peter" I say, trying not to stare at him so much. "It's actually Peeta, P-E-E-T-A. And it's probably like a reflex for you now, right?" Peeta chuckles, bringing his drink to his lips. "What are you talking about?" I scowl. "Rejecting the guys who hit on you." "I don't get hit on that much." "You're kidding? It's not that I'm tying to hit on you or anything but it's hard to believe that you don't get hit on since you're so beautiful." "It's also hard to believe that you have trouble picking up women," I mutter, surprised at how forward I'm being with this guy. "I guess I've never really found a woman that I've been attracted to to try and pick up, until now" he shrugs, then leans his elbow on the counter top. I take this opportunity to marvel at how thick the muscles on his arms are under the thin fabric of his dress shirt and at how the color of his blue tie matches perfectly with his eyes. My god, he's so hot. "So you're saying that no woman is good enough for you?" I raise my eyebrows in question, then add, "and I thought you said you weren't trying to hit on me?" "I'm not, I'm just being honest" he replies, smirking. "Call me picky." I roll my eyes and turn my face, lifting my beer to my lips and hiding my smile. We remain silent for a few seconds and I hate it. For the first time in a long time, silence in a conversation with someone I don't know doesn't comfort me, it bothers me. So with the charm and social abilities of a dead slug, I say the first thing that comes into my mind. "It's my birthday today." And then mentally slap myself. "Well, cheers to that," Peeta tilts his glass to mine and I tap my beer bottle against it. "I'm guessing you're waiting for someone?" "Nope, my date left me." "Wow, what kind of boyfriend does that?" I wince, pushing away the flash of pain. "I don't have a boyfriend," I mutter, the knot in my throat getting bigger, "it was my sister, that left me." "Again, wow." "No, no, she had a good reason to leave, I would if I were her." "Still, it's your birthday, you need to feel special on your birthday." Peeta moves his hand over the counter to cover both of mine and gives them a light squeeze. The reaction my body is having to just a simple touch shocks me as shivers of lust radiate from my body. At that moment I imagine how he could make me feel special on my birthday. His big hands caressing my body, and smart mouth on mine. But of course, that would never happen. Or would it? It is my birthday and being with Peeta would no doubt make it special. Plus, I haven't been with anyone since- no, not going there. Fuck. What am I thinking? I can't