I take another step forward, compelled by the energy of the crowd. The smell of sweat, blood and mold wafts around the large abandoned warehouse. Around me, names and numbers are called while people collide against me as they try to get a better view. An elbow hits my ribcage causing me to wince as a hand shoots up to thrust a wad of cash in the air. My best friend grabs my hand, pulling be back before another hand shoots up and hits me in the face. "Newbies," Madge Undersee comically rolls her eyes then pulls me through the masses of college students ready to see some blood and over to her boyfriend, Gale Hawethorne. He stands out in the crowd; tall, muscular and funnily enough has the same greyish eyes like mine. As soon as he spots us coming towards him, his strong features smooth over and his smile is radiant, even in he dim lighting. "It's about to get even rougher, you two so stay close to me okay? Madge don't look at me like that, you've only been here a few times, stop making it look like you have a membership card," he laughs at her and she playfully sticks her tongue out. He wraps his arm around her waist and leads her through the crowd right to the front with me tagging alone, holding onto her hand. An area is closed off by four traffic cones with rope tied through them, making a perfect square. A guy standing in the middle of the square, holds a megaphone close to his lips and the crowd quiets down. "Ladies and gentleman, welcome to the Games! I am warning you, this place is not for the weak, for there will not be blood split, but spurt! My name is Thresh, I run this shit, which means, I make the rules. All betting stops once the fighters enter the ring, you can't change your bet, you can't help the fighters or touch them and god fucking forbid you even step foot in the ring. If any of the rules are broken, you shall be beaten bloodied and thrown out of here in a blink of an eye, without a fucking dime. That also includes you, ladies, don't try to use your pussies to mess with the system!" Madge makes a noise at the back of her throat. "What the hell Thresh!" Gale shouts, defending his girlfriend's and any other girl in here, her honour. "Now, let's make some noise for a new fighter of the night, Mitchell Rodrigues!" The crowd opens like the red sea, as Mitchell come jogging from a corner of the warehouse. He jumps over the rope and hops from foot to foot, throwing punches and shaking his head from side to side to hype himself up. I begin to sweat nervously, making the loose tendrils of hair from my braid stick to my neck. My heart hammers into my chest as the crowd goes wild, chanting the fighter's name over and over again while others boo like there is no tomorrow. I look over at Madge and notice that she's in the exact same state as me, clinging onto Gale's arm, who remains at ease. Of course, this isn't his first Game, he's been attending these matches for a year now, both him and his best friend and cousin, Peeta. Gale remains in the betting area of the Game, however, Peeta is a different story. Since he started fighting last year, Peeta has yet to lose a fight, he's been said to be the most agile and stealthiest player, despite his build and height. Along with Gale's betting, Peeta's pay for each match, they have never worked a day in their college lies. These secretive, exclusive fights, have been running in the University of Panem for almost three years. The location, that never remains in the same, is kept in the dark until an hour before the match. Considering the fact that for the five weeks that I've been in UP, I've confined myself to the cafeteria, the library and my dorm room, I was extremely surprised when Madge and Gale invited me to the match tonight. When the crowd's shouting died down a bit, Thresh, once again, lifted the megaphone to his lips and began shouting. "Men lock your doors and women get on all fours for our golden fighter, our fists of steel, the one, the only... Peeta "The Rabid Mutt" Mellark!" If before it was loud, then now it's plain chaos, as Peeta Mellark walks from the other side of the warehouse, shirtless and looking... tedious? Tribal tattoos cover the thick muscles of his arms and chest and a mop of blonde waves fall over his intensely He steps over the rope and walks up to Mitchell, then shakes his hand. Mitchell was about to let go when Peeta pulled him against him and whispered something in his ear. From Mitchell's wide eyes and Peeta's crooked smile, it wasn't something pleasant. The fight starts as soon as Thresh steps out of the fighting area. Mitchell goes straight for Peeta's face but he easily dodged it and laughed. He then goes for another punch and again, Peeta dodges, but this time instead of laughing, his fist connects with Mitchell's face causing a stream of red to flow from his lip. Mitchell comes back full force hitting Peeta on the jaw, but his luck runs out just as quick as it came when he goes for another punch but Peeta traps Mitchell's arm between his own and uses his other hand to hit him in the face. He loses his footing after a couple of seconds of struggle with Mitchell and both men fall on to the floor, fists flying. Finally, Peeta gets the upper hand, lifting Mitchell off the floor by his shirt and knocking him out and probably breaking his nose by yet another steady flow of blood. I groan as I look down at my no longer white UP shirt, covered in blood. This is going to be a great one to explain to Clove when she does our dry cleaning this week. I turn to look at Madge and moan about how she owes me a new shirt when I realize that during the fight, I must have been in such a trance watching Peeta and Mitchell fight that we somehow got separated. I try to move around the sweaty bodies of overly rowdy men celebrating their win or shouting about their loss but get pushed around instead. I turn in a sudden movement and what Made tried to help me avoid happens, my face collides into someone's elbow. I bring my hands to my mouth and taste something metallic from where my teeth cut the inside of my lip. The crowd moves towards the exit of the warehouse, taking me with them full force, when five fingers dig into my arm. I'm about to scream and start to throw a couple punches myself as the steel grip drags me from the middle of the crowd. "You okay there, Mockingjay!?" He asks over the roar of the crowd. "Yeah, thank you for pulling me out!" I shout back. "Your lip, it's bleeding," Peeta moves his thumb across my lips but I swat his hand away. "Yeah and you have a gash on your face but you don't see me touching it. Thanks again for helping me" Thresh comes out of nowhere and looks me up and down. "Someone got a little too close for comfort," he looks at my shirt then slaps Peeta on the back. "Come on Rabid Mutt, we've got money to collect" "I'll see you around little bird," Peeta winks at me then strides off with Thresh. Madge pops out from the sea of people on top of Gale's shoulders and looks over the crowd until she finally spots me. She jumps down and Gales pushes everyone out of the way for her to walk towards me without being even touched by anyone. "Where the hell have you been!?" She shouts then gasps at the blood on my shirt and looks at my lip. "What happened!?" "The blood on my shirt is either the guy who's knocked out on the floor or Peeta's and some guy elbowed me but Madge can we go? I've had enough for one night" "Sure," she takes my hand and Gale wraps his arm around her waist again and we move through the now thinning crowd and into the parking lot. "But it was fun right?" Madge asks as we walk up the stairs to my dorm. "Yeah I guess, apart from my lip and ruined shirt but hey at least I have souvenirs!" I laugh, opening the door and she rolls her eyes. "You two look sure are a sight for sore eyes," Clove greets us sarcastically as she carefully paints her nails, "I would ask what happened but then I remember that I don't care" "It's called a nose bleed, bitch" Madge snaps. "It's called a door, bitch, now get out" "Nice to see you too, Clove," I sigh and rummage through my chest of drawers in search of some clean pyjamas. "Katniss, Gale is waiting for me so I'm gonna go okay? I'll see you in class tomorrow" "Okay, thanks for tonight, I did have a good time" "Y'know, it won't kill you to have fun once in a while" She hugs me then practically skips down the stairs to Gale. "What?" I ask when I notice Clove staring at my shirt in horror. "I'm not touching that and we'll be doing our laundry separately from now on," she says before resuming to her task. I shake my head, grab a towel, clothes and walk out to shower. The next day, I sit with Madge and Gale at the cafeteria. I was hoping to sit alone outside on the grass but of course, it had to be raining. I slam my tray down onto the table a slump down onto the chair. "I thought this place was known for its dry spells not for its floods," I moan twirling around the spaghetti before shoving a heavy helping into my mouth. "Oh my god! Katniss had to come in and socialise with actual people! The horror!" Madge laughs stealing a meatball from my plate. "Get your own damn food" I pull my tray further away from her and cover it with my arm, making her laugh even harder. Looking around as the cafeteria fills up, I notice that about half of the football players and guys from Gale's fraternity that are sitting with us, where at the Game last nigh but not one has spoken a word about what happened. "Sup Gale," a someone says behind us. Gale nods and both me and Madge turn to see Peeta walk around the table and sit in front of us with a very visable bruise over his cheek. Two very blonde and very tanned girls follow him, one sits on his lap, the other sits beside him, rubbing his leg. "Great, not only is the view outside awful but now so is the inside," Madge murmurs, making me laugh and choke slightly on my food. "I heard that, bitch" blonde number one hisses then returns to kissing Peeta's neck. "Glimmer leave," is all Peeta says. "What?!" she spits furiously. "You insulted my friend Madge, now take yours and leave" Glimmer, the one sitting on his lap, stands, smacking her hands on the table and her copy follows suit. Peeta, as if nothing happened and no one is staring at him, picks up some fries and stuffs them in his mouth. I look at Madge with my eyebrows raised and she shrugs. She turns and starts speaking to Gale about plans for the weekend and I go back to concentrating on my food and trying to remember what the chemical reactions in photosynthesis