We Call It The Legacy Preservation Act The main court room of the Wizengamot was stadium like in nature with each higher circle going back to allow for seating. The main floor was empty, but could have chairs brought in, though most preferred it to be empty so they could move about as they spoke and addressed the assembled. There was very little light in the courtroom, and what there was, was focused upon the floor and whomever was speaking, effectively keeping the governing body in shadow. The focal point of the round courtroom, was a podium, set on the first level above the floor where the Chief Warlock would usually sit. Below him, two court scribes sat to record the minutes of each meeting. The rest of the room was filled with small box seats for members of the court to sit. There were seven staircases set around the courtroom to allow for any who wished to get to the floor where they could speak to the Wizengamot. Higher up were the seats for the press and anyone who wished to observe the session. Today, those seats seemed especially full. And this made Albus Dumbledore slightly confused as he made his way to the podium where he would preside over the session as Chief Warlock. He intended to make the wizarding world aware of the looming threat that Lord Voldemort had returned after fourteen years of silence. Dumbledore had asked all the members of the Order of the Phoenix who could attend to do so, and to bring anyone who they thought would listen. The more people he could convince, the more he could press the Minister of Magic to act against the threat that was even now, building an army against them all. When he took his customary seat, Dumbledore called the court to order. He was a tall, thin, elderly wizard with long silver hair and a long silver beard. He wore half-moon spectacles on a long thin crooked nose, and bright twinkling blue eyes. Today he wore fairly conservative robes of steel gray, which was a change from the normally garish robes he was known for. When everyone took their seats, and silence finally reigned, Dumbledore fixed them with a very serious look of worry. He had to make them see that the signs had been there for two years, and while taken one at a time these clues were trifles. Strange coincidences. But when put all together, they were pointing to danger on the horizon. There would be protests against him, Dumbledore knew. No one wanted the dark times to return, and those in the courtroom loyal to Lord Voldemort would wish to keep their master's return secret for as long as possible. But if Dumbledore could just make those who didn't know what awaited them, perhaps then he could force the Minister to see reason and prepare. "Ladies and Gentlemen of the Wizengamot, I wish to begin today's session by informing you all of a very dire matter. Something that we must address now, before it is too late. My gravest fear has come to pass, and…" Suddenly, the doors directly across from the Chief Warlock were slammed opened quite loudly, and the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Oswald Fudge himself entered, followed by three of his staff, all of whom were carrying stacks of parchment. This was very unusual as the Minister almost never attended sessions of the Wizengamot. His attendance was only ever really required for the introduction or amendment of laws. Dumbledore wondered idly just what Fudge was doing here, as there wasn't anything on the docket that he needed to be present for. Fudge walked to the center of the room, and began speaking quite loudly addressing the room at large, and avoiding looking in the Chief Warlock's direction. "Fellow witches and wizards, please forgive the intrusion. I wish to address this grand body today on a matter of great importance, if I may be permitted, I am of course aware of the procedures to present new charters, but I fear that I would have been rebuked." Fudge turned to Dumbledore, almost challengingly. Dumbledore merely smiled patiently as he now turned to address the court. "If there are no objections in hearing what our Minister has to say?' He said and when no one responded, Dumbledore motioned for Fudge to begin. "This morning, my Undersecretary sent each of you a package with some very important and disturbing material. If you have already viewed this information, then I expect that you are as heartsick and outraged as I am. My fellow witches and wizards, it is my sad, sad duty to inform you that we are becoming an endangered species." Fudge said theatrically. Murmurs began and Fudge allowed it to carry on for a few seconds, allowing his words to gain traction. "Yes, I know." He said as he began to pace like a caged lion. "Our population numbers are dwindling my friends. In the last fifty years alone, we have seen no less than fifty noble bloodlines wiped out forever. All of them, victims of war. War with muggles, and especially war with ourselves." There were more mumblings as Fudge nodded as he looked to each of the boxed seats. "But there is more. If the research I sent to you proves as true as I believe it to be, there is also a significant decline in the power of the average magical person. The birth rate of squibs is increasing with every generation. If this trend continues, I daresay that within the next fifty years, at least ten more families will disappear forever. My friends, we cannot simply stand by and allow wizarding kind within Great Britain to become extinct." Fudge proclaimed. There was a general murmur of agreement, and light applause. "So I have taken it upon myself to contract several of our most notable healers, historians, magical genealogists and alchemists, paying for their services from my own vaults to come up with a solution, of which I included information in the packages you all received this morning." At this, Fudge turned to a short, heavy-set woman with tightly curled hair, thick glasses, a pouchy face and wearing a bright pink cardigan over her robes. This woman handed the Minister a thick bundle of parchment sheets tied together with leather cord, which the Minister then held up almost like a trophy. "We call it the Legacy Preservation act." He said proudly. The room rumbled with low murmuring, and Dumbledore eyed the Minister suspiciously. He'd heard of this so-called act before. In fact, he was quite certain this act had come up many times over the past one hundred years. Usually it was a pureblood from and ancient and noble house who was looking to spread his seed. But this was different. Fudge was married, and had two sons who were also married. In fact, Dumbledore was certain that one of fudge's grandkids would be starting Hogwarts in a year or two. "Minister," A man over Dumbledore's left shoulder asked, rising from his seat. "We've heard of this proposal before and every time it has been voted down. What makes your version any more appealing?" There were murmurs of agreement, and Fudge merely smiled, like a snake oil salesman. "My good people, I am aware, of course, that versions of this bill have been proposed. However, unlike other variations, this bill has only one single goal in mind. Propagation of our kind. There is no gain for the Ministry or a single family. Friends, if we do not act, we could see another ten bloodlines gone in two generations. Two!" Fudge said holding up two fingers. "The Legacy Preservation Act will require last scions who fit into certain criteria to marry a suitable witch in order to procreate and expand the bloodlines and help rebuild a population that is in serious threat of disappearing forever." This came from the squat, pink clad witch. Half of the rumbling died away at this revelation. "And just how do you intend to do this?" Dumbledore asked suspiciously. "And exactly what criteria will you use to determine who must follow this… act?" "Those families whose lines are most in danger of disappearing, who have only one son, will be required to take part. We shall strive to cleanse the more polluted bloodlines which have been tainted by generations of inbreeding by requiring that no less than ten generations have passed since particular lines have joined. We will then require those pairs to have a set number of children within a time period of our choosing." Fudge explained, still avoiding looking at the Chief Warlock. "If the guidelines set out in the information you all received are followed, we could see a dramatic rise in not only our population, but a serious decrease in the amount of squibs born, and a definitive rise in magical power from the next generation." This actually got another smattering of applause, and Fudge waved it away as if he didn't deserve such accolades. Dumbledore thought he was playing the court like an expert puppet master, and was becoming disgusted. The mere idea of forcing people into marriage for the simple act of repopulation was repulsive. It was then that Dumbledore began to realize there was something else at work here. "Minister Fudge." A lady rose from her seat, looking disapprovingly at the Minister. "You are only securing male bloodlines. What of prominent families who only have a female heir remaining?" "Madam Marchbanks, you are forgetting that our laws already protect families with only a single female heir." Fudge pointed out. "The second born child in any union can be given the mantle of the wife's family name and be treated as first sons of said family to carry on the name and line. Your own brother carries on the line of your mother if I am not much mistaken." The lady gave a nod and resumed her seat as Fudge smiled up at her. "Minister." Dumbledore said looking rather irritated. "We cannot simply force people to marry and produce children. It is simply barbaric, and we are…" "So you would see us extinct?" This came from a tall, though aged man from the left. He was glaring at Dumbledore hard. Benedict Forsythe and Albus Dumbledore had barely ever agreed on anything, and the Headmaster of Hogwarts thought that Forsythe would always oppose him just to spite him. "My esteemed colleague, you misunderstand me. To force people into marriage is to take away their basic right to choose who they wish to spend their lives with. To force them to procreate takes away their own right to choose how they live their lives." Dumbledore stated. "You assume the Minister is heartless?" A woman shouted. "You think he would not take into account people's feelings?" "The Chief Warlock is right." A man shouted indignantly. "We can't simply force people into marriage just so we can bolster the population. We have evolved." More shouts began as people voiced their thoughts until Dumbledore held up his hands calling for quiet. "Minister, I fear you are overstepping the bounds of your office. It is commendable that you wish prosperity for our society, but you can't force people to join in this matter." Dumbledore said evenly. "Chief Warlock, if I may?" It was Pius Thicknese. Pius was a very well respected man among the other members of the court. A tall thin man with a mane of long salt and pepper hair and round dark eyes. He was well spoken, and quite intelligent, which helped him when he chose to persuade the court. Thicknese was a man many would pay good gold to have on their side before a vote, as he could charm many to his way of thinking. In Dumbledore's mind, this man was dangerous. "The chamber recognizes Pius Thicknese." Dumbledore said, fighting to keep the venom out of his voice. "Thank you."