A/N: So I was going back through this and i noticed a huge mistake. So I went back through, and hopefully fixed all of it. It was a pretty glaring error on my part, and i can't believe i didn't notice it sooner. But it's fixed now. I've also gone back, and hopefully cleared up a few things that some of the more detail burdened of you have asked me about. Cheers. 1. And So It Begins It was nearing dusk as Gilbert Harlough and his wife of twenty-seven years, Constance, took their daily walk along the cliffs that over looked the sea. The couple held hands like they did when they first started dating, talking about things with no more importance than how mild the summer had been so far. The couple had walked this route nearly everyday for the last three years, and was one of their favorite parts of their day. It was a time to relax and unwind with one another and reconnect as friends, partners and lovers. They had walked this route so often that they both joked they could do it with their eyes closed. And it was for this reason that they spotted the body so easily. Gil, is that… Is that a hand?" She asked her husband, pointing to the thing that had caught her attention. It was sticking out of some high grass that grew along the path. Gilbert squinted his eyes as he and his wife slowed their pace. Gilbert held up his hand to halt his wife as he cautiously approached what was quite clearly someone's hand sticking out of the brush. Gilbert stopped short when he saw the rest of the body and looked at his wife, his face having gone quite pale. "Do you have your mobile?" Gilbert asked. "Of course." Constance replied, feeling anxiety welling up in her chest along with the icy chill of horror. She reached into her pocket to retrieve her telephone and started towards her husband who halted her again. "Call the police, Connie. Stay there and call them now." He said, looking as if he might retch. "What is it?" Constance asked over the roar of the coastal wind. "Call the police immediately!" Gilbert shouted. "What is it?" Constance asked again when her husband turned away and bent, losing the contents of his stomach. Curiosity got the better of her and Constance nearly sprinted. Her scream echoed over the county. Aurors Kingsley Shacklebolt and Nymphadora Tonks stopped their car just outside of the roadblock and got out. They walked towards the scene looking for all the world as if they belonged among the muggle police and investigators who were working on the scene, searching and documenting everything. No one would ever guess just by looking at the pair that there was anything out of the ordinary. Kingsley, a seventeen year veteran of the British Auror Corp, was dressed in a dark blue suit with a long black overcoat and a gold hoop in his left ear. He was a tall imposing figure with dark skin and a cleanly shaven head. He had piercing dark eyes that took in everything. He man simply radiated authority with every step and the muggle police couldn't help but take him in as he passed them. Nymphadora Tonks had been an Auror for just over two years. She was one of the youngest Magical Law Enforcement Officers on the force currently and had already earned a medal for service thanks to her efforts in a very recent battle against a terrorist group at the Ministry of Magic. Tonks, as she preferred to be known as, had piled her mouse brown hair into a messy bun on top of her head and her ill fitting black suit hid the fact that she was a stunningly attractive woman with a classic hour glass shape to her that would have left every man she passed drooling. She had a soft, heart shaped face with plump lips ripe for kissing and sultry dark eyes that were carefully taking in the scene around her. The pair approached a young policeman who looked to be fresh out of the police academy and rather pale at the moment. He barely looked up at them as they approached as he worked to close off the area with police crime scene tape. "Agent Shacklebolt, MI5. Who's in charge here?" Kinglsey asked the officer, flashing an official looking badge. "That'd be Inspector Todd," The officer said, glancing over his shoulder. "The one in the brown suit standing over there with the coroner." "Can you tell me what happened?" Kingsley asked, while Tonks listened carefully. "Married couple came across the victim on their evening walk. Young girl, about eighteen. She was naked and covered in weird markings." The officer said rather shakily. "Thank you," Kingsley said, motioning for Tonks to follow. The two undercover Aurors slipped through the crowd of investigators and approached Inspector Todd, a tall grim faced man with no hair and a thin salt and pepper goatee. He was talking to a uniformed officer and smoking a cigarette while the coroner made his final notes. "Inspector Todd?" Kingsley asked holding up a badge and identification. "Who the ruddy hell are you?" Todd asked, looking foul. "Agent Shacklebolt. This is Agent Tonks. We're from MI5. We're here because according to initial reports, this fit's a similar case we had in Blackpool. Young girl, found naked and covered in markings." Kingsley stated. Inspector Todd eyed the taller black man for a long moment before he glanced down and motioned at the body. "Take a look," Todd harrumphed. Tonks knelt beside the coroner and took a long hard look at the girl's body. It was exactly the same as the girl in Blackpool. She was young, pretty and covered from head to toe in strange runes all inked in black. Her whole body looked sunken, almost like she had been starved for a year. "Cause of death?" Kingsley asked. "Fuck if I know." Todd huffed. "Strangest damned thing I've ever seen. No cuts or bruises or anything. If I had to guess I'd say she was starved, but it doesn't really fit. Her skin looks healthy for one thing." "How long has she been dead?" Kingsley asked. "I'd say based on levitity and liver temp… no more than twelve hours." Replied the coroner who handed Tonks a pair of examiner gloves. Tonks put them on and began to check out the body. She carefully lifted the girl's hands to examine the hands before giving a once over. She then opened the girl's mouth and then each eye. The coroner watched with a puzzled expression. "What are you looking for?" The coroner asked. "Signs of torture," Tonks replied. "Burst blood vessels in the eyes, if she bite her tongue. Did you check for signs of sexual assault?" "Not yet, we usually do that back at the lab," The coroner replied, looking a little embarrassed. "Did you find anything else?" Kingsley asked. "Anything to indicate how she got here?" "We've been over this area with fine toothed combs, and didn't even find a bent blade of grass," Todd said gruffly. "It was like she was dropped outta the sky." "Very well," Kingsley said. "We're going to have our people pick up the body, so please do not start an autopsy. Fill out whatever paperwork you need, but do not do anything to the body." "Are you out of your tree?" Todd demanded. "I mean it Inspector. This is a matter of national security, and we would appreciate your cooperation," Kingsley said, looking the Inspector right in the eye. Todd held the bigger man's gaze for a moment before he finally gave a slow nod, his eyes losing their focus a bit. "Thank you," Kingsley said as he turned, with Tonks following. "Tell me what you found" Kingsley said when they were safely back in their car. Tonks took a deep breath, centering herself as she prepared to tell her partner all she'd noticed. "She wasn't tortured." Tonks began. "There was nothing to indicate the Cruciatus or anything else. In fact, her finger and toenails looked as if she'd just been to a swanky salon. I'd say before she was killed she'd been to a ball or something." "Interesting, go on." Shacklebolt encouraged his young partner. "The Runes on her body weren't carved into her, they were tattooed. It had to be for some kind of ritual but I'm damned if I know what it is. The ones on her hands were the symbols for protection… I think. It's hard to say because a lot of the runes were linked together, like whoever put them on her wanted a certain kind of outcome." Tonks said glancing out the window as if she were trying to get the image of the emaciated girl out of her mind. Kingsley nodded, considering it all. The trip back to London didn't take very long, thanks to the magical car they had been assigned. It was not unlike the Knight Bus, a popular mode of transportation among magicals in that it was fast and could slip through very narrow spaces. That, and Muggles were unable to see it when it was in motion. Kingsley parked the car in the Ministry garage and checked it back in while Tonks transfigured her clothes back to something more human, which for her meant knee high boots, black tights, artistically torn denim shorts, punk rock t-shirt and a leather motorcycle coat. Her dark brown tresses morphed back into her favorite short spiky style in a shade of pink that could burn out a person's cornias. When Kingsley turned around, he could only shake his head. Aurors were supposed to be as inconspicuous as possible, and Nymphadora Tonks prided herself on standing out. If it wasn't for her Metamorphugus abilities, she'd never be allowed out of the office. "One day, that pink hair of yours is going to get you, and likely someone else killed," Kingsley grunted. Tonks merely smiled. "Hardly," Tonks smirked. "You know as well as I do I blend into the muggle world like this better than half the wizards in this building alone." Kingsley rolled his eyes. "I'm going to go see Willoughby about getting the girl's body picked up. As soon as we know who she is we'll find out where she was seen last and see if we can't pick up some kind of trail." "What do you want me to do?" Tonks asked. Nothing tonight," Kingsley smiled. "Go home. Get some rest. We won't know anymore until tomorrow anyway. You did well tonight." "Are you sure?" Tonks said, now eyeing the floo network with interest. "I could stay and…" "Tonks, I've got it covered," Kingsley smirked. "Besides, didn't you tell me that your… how did you put it? Your "Ginger Stallion" was back from Egypt?" The grin that appeared on Tonks' face actually made Kingsley shiver with concern. The young woman practically danced towards the waiting floos, her hips rocking in a very sensuous fashion and Kingsley shook his head, fighting down his laughter. "Kingsley, you're the best. It's been far too long since I sank my teeth into a nice tasty piece of man flesh." Tonks shouted over her shoulder. "Does he know you call him that?" Kingsley called back and then held up his hand when Tonks turned and made to answer. "Never mind. I don't think I want to know anymore about your sex life than you've already tortured me with." Tonks didn't even wave as she practically sprinted to the nearest floo and tossed in a handful of silvery floo powder and was gone in a flash of green fire. Kingsley silently prayed that this "Ginger Stallion" was at least in good physical health. He hated to think of what Tonks might do to the poor man when she got her claws into him. "Ah to be young and