Author's Notes: This is a dark, heavy story. It gets ugly. I'm not promising any storybook endings. If you want happy fluff, read Finding Rose . Characters aren't mine, but the story very much is. I opened my eyes and saw a white ceiling and blurry fluorescent lights. My vision was clouded, I had a pounding headache, and it felt like the room was spinning. My stomach lurched, so I tried to sit up, but my arms were bound to the bed. I turned my head, narrowly avoiding the unpleasant experience of vomiting on myself. I choked and sputtered on the black contents of my stomach, unable to comprehend the cause of the unusual color. My eyes watered from the force of my upchucking, but I couldn't wipe them. I started jerking my arms against the restraints, trying to get the attention of my captors. I tried yelling but my voice only came out as a mewl. My throat was on fire and my breathing was ragged. Finally, I could hear someone coming. "Pipe down. You're only going to make things worse by fighting." The man sounded stern, and he definitely had an advantage over me, so I stop flailing. I heard an intercom click. "Clean up in room 213, please." I still couldn't see who this man was. I struggled to wipe my eyes on my shoulder, on anything, to lift the blindness. The man must have seen my futile attempts; he took a washcloth and started cleaning my face. I was grateful for this simple comfort. I couldn't remember the last time someone had taken care of me. Then again, I couldn't remember much at all, just pain, then darkness. "Do you remember what happened?" The man had finished cleaning me off and I got a good look at his face. Honey-gold hair, mid forties, blue eyes, handsome but nothing to write home about. My throat was still too sore to answer his question, so I shook my head slowly. The room was still spinning and my brain threatened to push my eyes out of their sockets. I wanted to take a drill to my skull to relieve the pressure, but I doubted this guy would lend me one. "Well, Ms. Swan, you're in The Pavilion in Seattle and I'm your doctor, Carlisle Cullen. You were airlifted here from your house in Forks, where your father found you, lying on the floor of the bathroom. Do you remember how many pills you took?" I shook my head again. "Your dad said you just refilled your Xanax, so you had sixty pills in there, and on top of that, you downed a bottle of codeine cough syrup. Honestly, I have no idea how you survived. They pumped your stomach during the flight and pushed charcoal, but you were clinically dead twice before arriving at the hospital. You stayed in the hospital for 24 hours, then you came here." As he spoke, the memories started coming back to me. I wasn't ready to deal with them yet, so I blocked it all out. I tried to ask him where my father was, but I just rasped for breath instead. Dr. Cullen patted my arm reassuringly. "Just try to rest. I'll get you a pad of paper and a marker. You won't be able to talk well for a day or two, but that's part of dying I guess. Coming back to life is a bitch!" He chuckled as he left the room. I kind of dug his sick sense of humor; I've never known a psych doc to be so loose around patients before. Some poor schmuck came in with a mop and bucket came in to clean up the sick on the floor. I blushed, embarrassed that this guy had to deal with my mess. That was the biggest reason I chose pills instead of one of the dozens of guns I had access to; I didn't want anyone to have to deal with any more than they absolutely had to. I kicked myself for not going out back in the woods where I wouldn't be found so quickly. Dad wasn't supposed to be back for hours though, so there was no way to foresee him finding me like that. I knew I had to apologize to him. He was probably scared out of his mind the past few days, and it was all my fault. Such a fuck up. Dr. Cullen came back with the paper as promised, but had a crayon instead of a pen or pencil. "Here you go, hon. Now we can talk. Kind of." He unstrapped my arms so I could move freely. I took the crayon and started writing furiously. Where's my dad? Why the crayon? Those were my two most pressing questions. "Your dad is staying in a hotel up the road from here." The second question made him laugh. "I gave you a crayon because suicide watch patients aren't allowed to have pointed objects. I couldn't find a marker, but the crayons were out." I scribbled out more questions. When can I leave? Do I get a shower? "You won't be leaving for quite a while, Ms. Swan. Even though you're over the age of 18, your father is your next of kin, and he has essentially committed you until we can get you to a good place again, mentally and emotionally. Once we do that, we'll unleash you on the unsuspecting public again." I laughed, making a noise that sounded like a dying seal. I don't know why it was so funny, but hey, I'm locked up in a looney bin. I may as well act looney. "All right, calm down. I'm going to send a nurse in to help you shower. Once you're done with that, we'll see about getting you some food, kiddo." He patted my head. I gave him a half smile and wrote Thanks on the notepad. He left me there, alone with my thoughts. Definitely the most scary place to be given the current circumstances. I thought about the past few weeks, the days, I suppose I could say, leading to my death. Two weeks prior, I quit my job as a paralegal, and left school and my long time boy friend. I couldn't handle the pressures of life, even with all the medication my doc put me on, so I dropped all of it so I could regroup. I came back to Forks to stay with my dad; he always had a place for me. I wandered around town for a few days. I took in the new things, like the mainstream pharmacy they built across the street from the now-closed mom and pop one that had been around as long as anyone could remember. Other than that, the town seemed frozen in time. I had taken a side street that I usually avoided when I was younger and found the only bar in Forks. I hadn't been old enough to drink when I left town, not that it stopped me from partaking at the occasional party, so I'd never seen the inside. I let my curiosity take the lead. It wasn't anything special, but I had a few guys buy me drinks. I came back the next night. And the night after that. And the one after that. I had never been much of a drinker, but I started knocking them back, anything anyone would buy me. More than once, I ended up at someone's house, completely tanked. When I woke up, I'd be dazed and hung over, so I would go home and take a couple Xanax to take the edge off. By the time those wore off, it would be time to go drinking with my "friends" again. What a way to live. I couldn't quite pin down the last however many days though. Three? Whatever. I closed my eyes and waited for the nurse. Not much later, I heard footsteps in the room, so I peeked open one eye. A woman with light brown hair and a nurse's uniform on was bustling around the room. Good. It was time for my shower. I felt sweaty and dirty; I needed to rinse off if nothing else. The woman came over and gently rubbed my shoulder. I opened my eyes and smiled at her. "Hi, sweetie. My name is Esme, I'm your nurse for today. Let's get you up, okay?" She removed the IV I didn't even notice I had. "There. Now slowly sit up." I did as I was told. She grabbed a plastic basin, just in case. Helping me to my feet, she supported my weight as we trudged to the bathroom. For such a tiny woman, she was surprisingly strong. I leaned against the sink, my legs threatening to give out on me, while Esme started the shower water for me by pushing a button. She removed my gown for me and I felt horribly exposed. "Get used to it, honey. There's no such thing as privacy here." She smiled sympathetically. I sat down on the shower seat. The water suddenly shut off. I looked to Esme for an answer. "It's so you don't drown in the shower if you pass out from medication or choking yourself. And the button is so you don't try to scald yourself. Safety first." Who the hell would try to do that , I thought. Oh yeah. Me. I was able to soap myself down pretty well and rinsed off by holding onto the chair. I skipped washing my hair because I didn't think I could do it in the three minutes the water stayed on. Even still, the few minutes the water was on was enough to revitalize my body. By the time I was done, I didn't feel nearly as weak. Esme wrapped a small towel around me as I stepped out of the stall. She had put some clothes out for me, and I put them on before I froze to death. That thought made me snort. I tried to tie the drawstring to my pants but it was missing. I rolled my eyes. Yes, wouldn't want people to hang themselves with their drawstrings. Esme shrugged. "Sorry. That's just what happens when you try to off yourself. We try to make sure it doesn't happen again. Call it a weakness, but around here, we think people are pretty important." I couldn't help but smile. For a looney bin, this place was shaping up to be pretty cool. I had a lot of preconceptions of what the insides of a mental hospital would look like, but this wasn't one of them. The hospital bed fit with what I expected, yes, but the beautiful wooden desk at the end of the bed didn't. The walls with their light blue paint and white chair rail, the windows with a beautiful view of a courtyard, and the bathroom with the open stall and bowl sink were all quite out of the ordinary, at least from my limited knowledge of these places. If you ignored the fact that the windows had mesh in them and the whole push button shower thing, you could pretend it was a really weird hotel. "Come on, get your slippers on, it's time to go talk to the doctors." She pointed to a pair of socks with non-skid rubber dots on the bottoms. Are you fucking kidding me? My thoughts must have displayed on my face. "I'm not joking. Put them on." I sat on the edge of the bed and slid the socks on my feet. They were actually quite soft, so I couldn't complain. Esme led me into the hallway. A burgundy carpet covered the floor and the walls were cream. There were doors every twenty feet or so, all opened and the rooms empty. Every bed was neatly made, but mine was the only hospital bed. I thought that was kind of weird before I remembered that