Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. " They say that when you're about to die, your whole life flashes before your eyes," his grandfather, with his white hair and beard and sea-green eyes so similar to his said once. He would often say these deep philosophical things while the two of them were fishing back in District Four, staring into the ocean, probably just thinking aloud, forgetting his grandson was in the boat with him. He then seemed to have forgotten it and suddenly got all hyper, ordering the boy to help him gather the fishing net… The lizard mutt that was the closest to him let out a hiss that was probably as close to a laugh as it could get as they all stared at Finnick with those complicated both human and serpent features of theirs. And as the first of them charged towards him with its huge teeth ready to separate his head from his body, that moment from all those years ago came to his mind. His grandfather was right, after all. He saw him again. Not in that damp filthy tunnel, but back home, in his old white boat, surrounded by nets and fishing poles. Wearing his casual grey hat, he smiled as he got closer to the five-year-old, taking his little hands into his callused ones and showing him how to properly attach bait to a fishhook. And later, the same boy sitting with his legs crossed on the ancient collapsing jetty at the marina, playing with a wooden trident taller than him, while the older man tried to sell the fish he had caught that morning. Then he was nine and jumping from roof to roof, racing to the port with his friends as the sun set and the boats came back. Somehow he always came first and when the others would ask him how, he would just shrug and say "the fact that we've been swimming all our lives doesn't mean that we should be afraid to fly." The children wouldn't understand and the grown-ups would be impressed by the wise words that had come out of such a young mouth, but even he didn't realize the notability of his words; all he meant was that he was the only one who chose to climb on the white flat roofs as a shortcut, than take the narrow alleyways which led to the beach. But he suddenly turned fourteen and those wings that helped him fly were cruelly cut off when the escort's orange glowing hand went into that bowl -while the girl who had been reaped was crying and screaming in the corner- and then he took out a piece of paper and when he talked in the microphone again, two words came out of his mouth. "Finnick Odair!". He didn't cry nor did he shout, like the girl did, he just walked on the stage and accepted his fate. If anyone could really see him at that moment though, they would see that something was different in his eyes; the usual light was missing, but it was replaced by a promise, a promise to his family, a promise to his District. "I will come back," they said. Everything was silver for a while, like the parachute that literally fell from the sky, leading a trident and a net down to the boy who was starting to feel despair rising up in him, because that was a forest and not a place for someone who had grown up inside the water. He knew how to run and he knew how to fight, but so did the others. The only thing that made him different was his good looks, fishing, swimming and in this case, knowing how to handle a trident and a net. It was time to start catching people instead of fish. That didn't mean it didn't hurt though, seeing the looks on the other tributes' faces as they got trapped, that look of begging and horror for most of them. There was just one though, a girl from District Eight with nothing special on her, despite the fact that she looked so ready. Her eyes were begging too, but for something else. Do it, they said. And just when he was ready to make the strike the girl spoke, in a voice way too serious for her age, so serious that Finnick afterwards thought that maybe it had been just in his head. "I was dead the moment my name came out of that bowl," she stated, neither fear nor agony in her voice. "Just make it fast." And after that, every time a tribute was caught in his net, he aimed directly for the heart. He was lost in Mags' hug which threatened to break his bones, her laugh a true melody in his ears as he collapsed into her arms the moment he got out of that hovercraft. In that moment, he allowed himself to cry, all those tears that had been kept inside him for way too long. Because that was too much for a fourteen-year-old, even if his name was Finnick Odair. "You made it, boy," the woman said, the smile obvious in her voice. Twenty-three people are dead and I'm alive, Finnick thought and it both thrilled him and terrified him. "We're going home." But they weren't, not really. A couple of years passed and then Snow took him. The Capitol took him and it made him its instrument. Everyone loved him after the Games, he was one of the favorite victors of all time, as many people informed him. Was that good? For him, definitely not. It meant he had to put on that horrid façade and attend every single party and event and smile and flirt and wink at women who in most cases ended up in his bed. God, there was so many women. He just waited for the night to be over and then he abandoned them, making sure he left something as a sweet note or a rose on the pillow, just so that they wouldn't hate him, because it was Snow's orders that everyone should love him. Some of the women were even pretty, though. But he didn't notice, he never did. Why didn't he notice? Annie. Whatever else last-living-second memory he had it was all drowned by a wave of brown curls and two deep green eyes. Her image overwhelmed his brain and he was certain of what he would miss the most in the world. He saw her again, four years old, holding a blonde mermaid doll with a blue tail, sitting on a wicker chair with her feet barely touching the ground as her mother was cutting open some fish. His granddad always gave some fish to the Crestas, a family with two very hard-working parents, but still too many mouths to feed. Finnick was always the one who brought the food in a big basket as his grandpa was too busy selling the rest at the port and Annie's mother would always mess with his bronze hair and sometimes give him a starfish. The girl would just give him a shy smile and go back to her doll. The starfish collection in his room in District Four was the only thing that reminded him of the kind redhead woman who he barely saw after a while, as the mouths became less but the sorrow became many times greater, with a son lost in the Games. Annie though, he would see her more and more. Mostly at school, where they would just exchange a few friendly words, but that changed when she set up a counter next to their own, not with fish, but with coral jewelry. They were truly beautiful and they were all handmade by her, trying to help her family in any way she could. She was just thirteen back then, the year Finnick got reaped. But she had a loud voice that became so familiar to him after hearing her shout for months, advertising her products and desperately, even if it wasn't showing, trying to get people to spent a little of their time and a few of their coins to help a withering family. The two of them would share looks and giggles and jokes, Finnick giving her starfish or corals every time she didn't manage to get enough money and Annie smiling and handing him the most beautiful necklaces. He would try to pay her, but she would just say "it goes well with your eyes" and walk away. That necklace she gave to him the last day before the Reaping, that's what he wore as a reminder of home in the Arena. Then he got into the Games and then he got out, but he was popular and everyone was so proud of him. He had won and he was living in the Victor's Village, where life was much easier, but so lonelier, his grandfather terribly ill and his boat in no condition to get back in the sea. They didn't need the fishing money to live and it wasn't like he missed the sea; he had plenty of time to go there for a swim or just to sit and stare at the horizon. What he missed was the girl with the strong voice and the even stronger personality who he only could steal glances of. Snow came and Finnick left and Annie was still selling jewelry, certain that she would never see the boy with eyes that looked so much like the sea ever again. But she did, but he wasn't Finnick, the little boy with the wooden trident anymore and she wasn't Annie with her blue-tailed blonde mermaid. He was nineteen and she was eighteen. He was a Capitol star and she was still selling handmade jewelry. He was a mentor and she was a tribute. She asked him to stay in the room while she was saying goodbye to her family, afraid that if he didn't she would break down. And so he did, and he kept his emotions hidden as her mother and her father and her two little sisters came in all at once and hugged her. And the girls cried and the parents cried, there were so many tears. He hated seeing her eyes red and swollen, but he couldn't talk, he couldn't interrupt. He knew what this last meeting meant; the Crestas had already lost a kid in the Hunger Games and they were about to lose another. Of course they loved their daughter, but they knew what the Arena was like. It was a slaughter and definitely no place for such a delicate girl. So he didn't talk. Only when her parents left and she buried her face in his chest did he react. He guided a hand through her curls and another on his back as he held her close and tight and five years after the day he was reaped he made another promise, not too different from the one he had made back then. This time though, it wasn't just in his eyes. "I'll get you out of there, Annie," he whispered, and it wasn't just fake-promising words to comfort a dying girl. It was her turn not to talk. He watched her in the Tributes Parade, in her blue dress, designed to look like the sea, which was beautiful, much better than what they had created for previous tributes, but not beautiful enough at the same time. She was pretty as always, more to Finnick's eyes than to anyone else's, but she wasn't Capitol pretty. She wasn't radiant and even though Finnick kept staring at her, it didn't earn more than a few glances from sponsors. And she needed them, she needed them so much, because he also watched her train and once again, she was good, but not good enough to stay alive in the slaughter. She knew how to make fish hooks and