Author's Note: I know I keep posting stories, but I can't help but writing so I figure I might as well post them. I am still working on the other stories I have in the works, even if it doesn't seem like it. Anyways I am a really big fan of the reading the books genre sooo… Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson, it belongs to the wonderful Rick Riordan. Prologue- The twelve Olympians were gathered in the throne room, glancing around uncertainly. They had all suddenly felt the need to be there, but were now unsure of what exactly they were doing. A few moments later; Hades, Hestia, Persephone, and Amphitrite flashed into existence. They all stared at each other for a second. Just when Zeus got up to demand an explanation, a note appeared in front of his face, startling him enough that he reached out and grabbed it without thinking. He scanned the note, adopting a startled and incredulous look as he read. "What does it say Father?" questioned Athena. He looked at her for a moment before clearing his throat, shooting a glance at Apollo and Hermes, and reading the note aloud. Greetings fellow Gods and Goddesses, I am sure you are wondering why you have been summoned, but that will have to wait. You see, everyone is not here yet. Shortly you will be getting a variety of visitors from different points in the future; introductions can wait until everyone has arrived. We apologize for the inconvenience; it is taking longer than we thought to transport them. -Apollo and Hermes of the Future PS: Oh and you won't be able to leave the room for now. The gathered Gods sat in silence for a moment. Finally Hades sighed and created thrones for himself and Persephone, Hestia went to sit by the hearth, and Amphitrite created a throne next to Poseidon. A few conversations sprung up as they waited, but most of the Gods waited in silence. About 2 minutes later there was a girl in the middle of the room. No one noticed her for a few moments as she was not accompanied by a bang or flash, rather one second she was not there, and the next she was. As a rather sensible girl, rather than making some sort of exclamation upon landing, she used the time to analyze her surrounding, quickly deducing that she was either in Olympus of the past, or a very detailed recreation. Barely seconds later, Hestia noticed her. She was tall, with long, curly blonde hair containing a single stripe of grey, and had startling grey eyes. She was dressed for comfort, with a pair of hiking boots, jean shorts and an orange Camp Half-Blood tee-shirt. She wore minimal natural make-up, had several hair-bands on her left wrist, owl-shaped earrings, a necklace with 8 clay beads and a man's college class-ring, a large grey canvas backpack slung over one shoulder with what seemed to be a baseball cap of some sort sticking out of one of the side pockets, and a Celestial Bronze dagger at her hip. "Our first visitor has arrived," she announced, alerting the others. "Lady Hestia," Annabeth said, bowing slightly. Hestia smiled at the girl, before creating a chair and saying, "Please, take a seat while we wait for the rest of the arrivals from the future." "So I am in the past?" "So it would seem. I don't suppose you know what's going on?" "No my lady," Annabeth replied, her mind analyzing different possibilities. "Well, we'll just have to wait then. Please have a seat." Annabeth walked over and sat in the admittedly comfortable chair, fiddling with the Yankees ball-cap she had pulled from the backpack when she sat it down, wondering why and how she had a backpack as she hadn't been carrying one as she awaited the landing of the Argo II. They had been in sight of New Rome! So Close! She struggled to hide the crushing pain and disappointment of not getting to at least see Andy. But then she began to wonder… if ever there was a demigod with a knack for becoming involved with any strange situation, it was Andy… and if this wasn't a strange situation… Hestia had said that more people would be showing up. She felt hope bloom in her chest. While she was involved in her musings, another visitor appeared. Once more, no one caught his entrance, until they heard him exclaim, "Annabeth?" "Grover!" she shouted, running to embrace the satyr, not noticing the sudden stiffening of both Athena and Zeus. "What happened?! Why are we here?" Grover asked, as he pulled back, allowing the Gods to get a good luck at him. He had curly brown hair protruding from under a Rasta-cap, brown eyes, and a short beard. He was wearing the same tee-shirt as Annabeth, with sneakers and jeans—a reed pipe protruding from his back pocket, and had a brown backpack. "I'm not exactly sure… From what I can work out, we are in the past. At least 10 years ago I would wager, due to the lack of immediate recognition, but that could just be because of how we've changed and that they aren't looking for us to be us… but I want to say that this has to be before Andy, because any time after they would have jumped to conclusions at the least. "Sounds logical." "So basically we just sit here and wait until everyone… whoever everyone is… shows up," Annabeth finished, noting that Grover had a backpack as well. Hestia created another chair for Grover, and he and Annabeth sat talking in hushed whispers, comparing notes, reminiscing… "Wouldn't it… you know… be kind-of ironic if Andy arrived next? You know, because this whole mess kicked off on our first quest and all." Annabeth was about to reply when suddenly there was another person there. "Andy!" Grover shouted embracing her. "Hey G-man. How have things been on your end?" "You mean before or after you scared me half-to-death with the sudden reestablishment of the link? "It wasn't exactly my fault it was closed ag-" Suddenly she was tackled by Annabeth. "Seaweed brain, how many time do I have to tell you not to pull stupid disappearing acts on me?!" "And I told you no promises but that I will never outright abandon you! I don't really have any control over most of my disappearances," she answered automatically before becoming confused, "But what do you mean? You were right there with…" She trailed off as she pulled back slightly and actually got a good look at her. "Annabeth, what were you doing before you ended up here?" "I was on the Argo II, we were just about to dock at New Rome," Annabeth answered, an uncertain note in her voice as she got an actual look at Andy's face. "That happened over a week ago for me," Andy told her. "We were told that there would be arrivals from several different points in the future, if that helps," Hermes interjected. Annabeth and Andy exchanged a look, before nodding and releasing each other, allowing the Gods their first real look at the newcomer as she analyzed them, Annabeth explaining what she knew of the situation in her ear. She was tall—taller than Annabeth even, with disheveled black hair roughly cropped to her shoulders, with the same curious streak of grey Annabeth had. She was well muscled and proportioned, with a lithe build, and a golden tan. She wore a pair of worn charcoal grey cargos and a purple Camp Jupiter tee-shirt, along with a pair of black combat boots, a necklace with a string of clay beads—4 to be exact, several hairbands, braided bracelets, and a black paracord bracelet on her right wrist, a simple leather watch on her left wrist and had a black and grey camo backpack slung over one shoulder. She wore no makeup; yet her long black lashes managed to emphasize her bright sea-green eyes without. She stood arms crossed and hip cocked, almost radiating power and strength… yet as they looked closer they began to see signs that all was not well, she was pale under her tan, with dark circles under her eyes… the more observant notice that her hip was cocked in such a way as to keep all weight off her right leg, thin traceries of scars were visible on what they could see of her arms, and the look in her eyes was beyond haunted—it was the look of one who had seen the worst that hell had to offer and was still standing. As Annabeth finished explaining what she knew, Andy nodded sharply before turning and practically throwing herself onto the third chair Hestia had conjured, somehow managing to seem relaxed and alert at the same time. Athena noticed that the girl who had to be her currently 12 year old daughter all grown-up seemed to have released a great deal of tension since the arrival of Andy, and she wondered what the relationship was between her daughter and this girl who watched and moved like a predator. They sat there in silence observing each other for a few moments, Andy seemingly unconcerned by the scrutiny visited upon her—she bore signs of both a Greek and Roman demigod: the tattoo showing one year served in the legion—the symbol of her Godly parent or ancestor unidentifiable from where they were sitting, and the tee-shirt for Camp Jupiter, yet she also bore a necklace showing 4 years attendance of Camp Half-Blood. At this point two people arrived nearly at the same time; a woman than a man. "Mom!" Shouted Andy; rushing to tightly embrace the woman, who shouted "Meda!" sounding overjoyed at the sight of her daughter. Poseidon stiffened upon hearing her voice. No-one noticed however, busy observing the woman furiously whispering with her daughter, tears in her eyes. The man walked over and put his hand on her shoulder, causing her to straighten as her daughter turned to embrace the man as well, thanking him for taking care of her mother. Annabeth once more began explaining the situation as Hestia conjured a loveseat and the gods got the chance to examine the two new arrivals. The woman was of average height and slender. Her brown hair, streaked lightly with gray, was long and wavy, and her eyes seemed to shift from green to blue and back in the light. She had a warm smile and gentle, kind expression. Yet… there was something about her… maybe in the way she stood or carried herself that spoke of an inner steel and fire. She wore a solid teal tee-shirt with jeans and white sandals. The man was slightly taller than the woman. He was traditionally handsome, with his salt-and-pepper hair giving him a distinguished air. He had a good-natured face, and his eyes were hazel. He wore jeans and a black tee-shirt, and was examining his surroundings with childlike wonder. Shortly after they had been seated, two more arrived, a teenaged couple this time. "Andy!" "Annabeth!" They shouted running to embrace the two aforementioned. Annabeth was confused, but Andy appeared to be in control of the situation, "Hey, we're fine. We make it out. You're confusing Annabeth guys, she came from the landing at New Rome so she has no clue why you're all but attacking her." The two pulled back to look at her in surprise. "I take it the two of you just watched us fall?" They nodded slowly. "Annabeth can explain better than I can, but basically we've all been pulled into the past from different points in this times future, and we are waiting for everyone… whoever that entails, to arrive before we get more information." They slowly nodded, before turning to take in the rest of the room, allowing the Gods to look at them. The boy had the appearance of a blond superman with a thin scar above