Running right into the fire *Set in Catching Fire* "You could live a hundred lifetimes and not deserve him you know." Haymitch is right. What other boy could still love me after what I've done? What other boy would still stick by someone pregnant by another? Katniss/Peeta/Gale - Rated M for mature themes - Originally had this on another account - WeChangeWeWait - but I've decided to go back to using my original one. Sorry for those who did review, favourite, alert and whatever else to that one. If you want to do that to this one, that would be awesome too :) Chapter 1 "Take a bath Haymitch," I say frostily, avoiding Peeta's gaze as much as I can. But I can feel Peeta's eyes on me as I squeeze out the window and drop to the ground. I hear a sloshing sound and then a large groan that comes from Peeta, and I am secretly glad that he is staying behind to fix Haymitch up to a presentable standard while I head home. I cross through the thick, coal stained snow, leaving a trail of boot prints behind me. I look down at my boots and my father's hunting jacket and I know I will have to change my outfit before they come for me in an hour for the tour. I reach the front door but my hand pauses on the doorknob. If I track snow in, my mother will kill me. She's been obsessed with keeping the place clean since we moved into the Victor's Village, probably because she knows that there will be cameras coming, following me and she doesn't want to seem lesser in the eyes of the Capitol. As I am attempting to slide them off on the front porch, the door opens. "I'm taking them off," I mutter to her, finally pulling them off my feet. As I chuck them on the mat, my mother grips my arm, holding me in place. Is she that paranoid about me making a mess? Her hand drifts up my shoulder and she shrugs my game bag from my shoulder. She laughs, but it comes out odd. It is high, nervous like, and it is then that I notice the man behind her in the kitchen doorway. "Don't worry about the snow," she says. "It's good you've come back from your walk." I don't even question why she says the word 'walk'. The man looks like the epitome of a Capitol citizen – a fitted, tailored suit wrapped around a lithe yet muscular body and a face that has been unnaturally enhanced. My mother is smart enough to not mention my illegal activities that take place in the woods. I lean around my abnormally pale mother and smile as broadly as I can at the man. Then I turn back to my mother, and pretend that I don't see the panic that is stretched across her face. "Isn't it still early," I say good-naturedly. "Or has Cinna come to make me look presentable?" "No Katniss, it's –" "This way Miss Everdeen," the man interrupts. He gestures down the hallway. A flare of irritation rises in me at this – a capitol man showing me around my home – but I ignore it and simply follows his hand. I smile at my mother as best as I can. I know she is worried for me so I say, "Probably more instructions for the tour." They've been sending me all kinds of stuff about my itinerary and what protocol will be observed in each district, most of which I've only scanned. But as I walk toward the door of the study, a door I have never even seen closed until this moment, I can feel my mind begin to race. My palms begin to sweat and I wipe them down the side of my pants. Who is here? What do they want? Why is my mother so pale? "Go right in," says the Capitol man, who has followed me down the hallway. I twist the polished brass knob and step inside. My nose registers the conflicting scents of roses and blood and it screws up. A small, white-haired man who seems vaguely familiar is reading a book. He holds up a finger as if to say, "Give me a moment." Then he turns and my heart skips a beat, or several. I'm staring into the snakelike eyes of President Snow. Whenever I have pictured President Snow, it has been in front of marble pillars hung with oversized flags. He has a regal, stately kind of aura that surrounds him and so it shocks me to see me surrounded by the ordinary objects in the room like the desk that has lost its varnish or the bookcase that has several screws loose. What could he be doing here? I've never known him to leave the Capitol, especially to visit a victor in their district, especially if its 12. If he's made the journey all the way from his city, it can only mean one thing. I'm in serious trouble. And if I am, so is my family. A shiver goes through me when I think of the proximity of my mother and sister to this man who despises me. Who will always despise me. Because I outsmarted his sadistic Hunger Games, made the Capitol look foolish, and consequently undermined his control. There is no one who deserves his hate more than I. All I was doing was trying to keep Peeta and myself alive. Any act of rebellion was purely coincidental. But when the Capitol decrees that only one tribute can live and someone has the nerve to challenge it, I guess that's a rebellion in itself. My only defense was pretending that I was driven insane by a passionate love for Peeta. So we were both allowed to live. To be crowned victors. To go home and celebrate and wave good-bye to the cameras and be left alone. Until now. Perhaps it is the newness of the house or the shock of seeing him or the mutual understanding that he could have me killed in a second that makes me feel like the intruder. As if this is his home and I'm the uninvited party. "I think we'll make this whole situation a lot simpler by agreeing not to lie to each other," he says. "What do you think?" I think my tongue has frozen and speech will be impossible, so I surprise myself by answering back in a steady voice, "Yes, I think that would save time." President Snow smiles and I notice his lips for the first time. I'm expecting snake lips, which is to say none. But his are overly full, the skin stretched too tight. "My advisors were concerned you would be difficult, but you're not planning on being difficult, are you?" he asks. "No," I answer. "That's what I told them. I said any girl who goes to such lengths to preserve her life isn't going to be interested in throwing it away with both hands. And then there's her family to think of. Her mother, her sister, and all those ... cousins." By the way he lingers on the word "cousins," I can tell he knows that Gale and I don't share a family tree. Maybe that's better. I don't do well with ambiguous threats. I'd much rather know the score. President Snow takes a seat at the large desk of polished wood where Prim does her homework and my mother her budgets. Like our home, this is a place that he has no right, but ultimately every right, to occupy. I sit in front of the desk on one of the carved, straight-backed chairs. "I have a problem, Miss Everdeen," says President Snow. "A problem that began the moment you pulled out those poisonous berries in the arena." That was the moment when I guessed that if the Gamemakers had to choose between watching Peeta and me commit suicide - which would mean having no victor - and letting us both live, they would take the latter. "If the Head Gamemaker, Seneca Crane, had had any brains, he'd have blown you to dust right then. But he had an unfortunate sentimental streak. So here you are. Can you guess where he is?" he asks. I nod because, by the way he says it, it's clear that Seneca Crane has been executed. "After that, there was nothing to do but let you play out your little scenario. And you were pretty good, too, with the love-crazed schoolgirl bit. The people in the Capitol were quite convinced. Unfortunately, not everyone in the districts fell for your act," he says. My face must register at least a flicker of bewilderment, because he addresses it. "This, of course, you don't know. You have no access to information about the mood in other districts. In several of them, however, people viewed your little trick with the berries as an act of defiance, not an act of love. And if a girl from District Twelve of all places can defy the Capitol and walk away unharmed, what is to stop them from doing the same?" he says. "What is to prevent, say, an uprising?" It takes a moment for his last sentence to sink in. Then the full weight of it hits me. "There have been uprisings?" I ask, both chilled and somewhat elated by the possibility. "Not yet. But they'll follow if the course of things doesn't change. And uprisings have been known to lead to revolution." President Snow rubs a spot over his left eyebrow, the very spot where I myself get headaches. "Do you have any idea what that would mean? How many people would die? What conditions those left would have to face? Whatever problems anyone may have with the Capitol, believe me when I say that if it released its grip on the districts for even a short time, the entire system would collapse." I'm taken aback by the directness and even the sincerity of this speech. As if his primary concern is the welfare of the citizens of Panem, when nothing could be further from the truth. I don't know how I dare to say the next words, but I do. "It must be very fragile, if a handful of berries can bring it down." There's a long pause while he examines me. Then he simply says, "It is fragile, but not in the way that you suppose." "I didn't mean to start any uprisings," I tell him. "I believe you. It doesn't matter. Your stylist turned out to be prophetic in his wardrobe choice. Katniss Everdeen, the girl who was on fire, you have provided a spark that, left unattended, may grow to an inferno that destroys Panem," he says. "Why don't you just kill me now?" I blurt out. "Publicly?" he asks. "That would only add fuel to the flames." "Arrange an accident, then," I say. He could certainly do it, easily too. "Who would buy it?" he asks. "Not you, if you were watching." I wouldn't. But that's beside the point. "Then just tell me what you want me to do. I'll do it," I say. "If only it was that simple." President Snow runs his tongue over his tight lips. "Peeta. How is the love of your life?" he asks. I find then that I can't hold his gaze. Peeta. Gale. I can't think about one without thinking about the other and what I have done to them both. Good," I say casually. "At what point did he realize the exact degree of your indifference?" he asks, leaning back in his chair with something of a smirk playing on his lips. "I'm not indifferent," I say as firmly as I can. "But perhaps not as taken with the young man as you would have the country believe," he says. "Who says I'm not?" "I do," says the