September 1st, 1971 "Love, time to wake up." Her eyes fluttered open to see her mum sitting next to her on the bed. "Don't want to be late to your first day at Hogwarts, do you?" Her mom smiled down at her. Her wavy dark red hair flowing over her tan face, she could see tears welling in steely blue eyes. "Mum, don't cry on me now." She laughed, sitting up to hug her. "It's not like I'm going to forget you or something." Her mother caressed her cheek, smiling. "I know, dear. I just can't believe you're already going off to school. My baby's growing up so fast." She wiped at her eyes and patted her daughter's leg. "Now, get up or we'll miss your train." Throwing her legs over her bed, she made her way to the shower and undressed. After washing herself and getting dressed she looked in the mirror at her reflection, trying to collect her nerves. Her dark red hair was in loose curls flowing down past her breast, steel blue eyes hidden behind her long lashes showed uncertainty, her tan complexion glowed from the sunlight of the windows. Everyone was always amazed at how much she looked like her mum, which was a great compliment to her as she was gorgeous. The only resemblance to she had to her father was his dimples when she smiled. She shook her arms, trying to rid herself of nerves. She couldn't believe that today she would be starting Hogwarts, she dreamt of this since she had learned she was a witch. She called for Millie to come get her trunk and made her way down stairs. "Well, I think I've got everything." She stated, startling her mum, who was making breakfast. "Merlin, Blaise, you gave me a fright." She laughed, holding her chest and setting a plate of eggs down on the table. "Sorry, mum, looks like we're both on edge." Sitting down and eating her breakfast, her mum took the seat next to her. "Nervous about your first day?" She nodded. "You'll be fantastic, love. Hogwarts was the best years of my life and your father's. You'll make all sorts of friends and I just know it will help you become the brilliant witch I know you will be." "She's right you know." Her father making his presence known as he piled his breakfast onto his plate. "I met your mother there and it was the best thing that could've happened to me." He smiled." "Dad, I'm trying to eat. You guys have practically a whole year to make lovey eyes at each other while I'm gone!" They both chuckled at her disgust. She doubted she had ever seen any two people as in love as Charlotte and Henry Delemont. "Not to mention, you'll finally be able to play quidditch and finally stop knocking me off my broom. You're going to be the best chaser the school has ever seen, especially with your ruthlessness of getting that quaffle." Her parents laughed remembering all the times she had not been afraid to play rough to get the quaffle from her father. "Quidditch is not a game for the weak, dad. Maybe you should take that as a sign." The whole table bustled with laughter. Their playful banter was interrupted by a knock at the front door. "Oh! That must be the Potter's!" Her mum exclaimed, jumping out of her seat. Growing up next to the Potter's was always something she had loved. Mr. and Mrs. Potter were basically second parents to her, James being like a brother. "Blaise!" Mrs. Potter's voice made its way into the kitchen as she entered. "I can't believe you and James are already starting Hogwarts!" Blaise stood, walking into her arms that were held out, waiting for her hug. "Mum, said the same thing." She said, causing them both to laugh. "I'm sure she did." Mrs. Potter said, squeezing her shoulders as she pulled away. "I think we're going to have to drag these women away from the children at the platform, Henry." Mr. Potter laughed, ruffling Blaise's hair. "Excited for quidditch, Blaise?" "I've heard first years don't get to play quidditch, unfortunately." She sighed, sulking. "Not true!" He yelled excitedly, causing her to jump. "Both you and James have said that and I specifically remember there was a first-year Gryffindor chaser in our sixth year. Remember, Henry?" Looking to her father in surprise as he rubbed his chin thinking just as his eyes lit up remembering. "Oh, yes! I forgot how upset Greg MacDonald was when he was beat out for that position." They men laughed as Blaise looked over at James, seeing his eyes light up just as much as hers had to have been. "See, don't give up hope yet, dear." Her mum said, brushing her hair down with her hand. "Well, shall we get going? Can't have these two missing their first day." Blaise walked out the kitchen towards the banister to grab her belongings. "Can you believe we start school today?" Blaise asked, turning to look at James who was behind her. His brown hair was a mess, as always, his round glassed hiding his eyes that were full of excitement. "I can't bloody wait!" He practically yelled at her, his excitement clearly showing now. "James!" Mrs. Potter scolded. "Language." She laughed at him as he ducked his head. "Sorry, mum." He said as his mother ruffled his hair. "Everyone ready?" Her father asked as they walked to the door. Soon enough they got to King's Cross station and made their way to platform 9 ¾. Looking at platform 9 and then 10, Blaise realized there was no 9 ¾. "Dad? I don't see the platform?" She asked, confused as they stopped in front of a brick wall. "It's right through there." Her father said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. Blaise looked at him like he was a nutter. Both children's parents laughed, James looking at her with just as much confusion etched on his face. "Have you all gone nutters?" Blaise wondered aloud. "Love, you run through the wall." Her mother said, putting a hand on her shoulder. "If this is a joke to see how daft I am, I will be sincerely upset." They all chuckled at Blaise's response. She took a deep breath and pushed her trolley at high speed into the brick wall. It was dark and then she saw the commotion of the hidden platform. Blaise's mouth practically fell open as she took it all in. She moved out of the way of the wall and waited for everyone to come through. James looked just as amazed as she had. "Magic never stops amazing us it seems." He laughed, running his hands through his hair, standing next to her. "Never." She agreed as their parents joined them. Her mother coming up and pushing her towards the big red train. The Potter's started saying their farewells to their son as Blaise looked at her own parents. Her mother got down in front of her daughter, tears already sparkling in her eyes. "Write as often as you can, okay? You have to make sure to keep me updated on the friends you'll meet and all the cute boys." Charlotte Delemont cried, wiping her eyes. "And if you have any troubles with anything remember that your Aunt Minerva is there. And if you need anything-" "Char, she's going to be fine." Henry chuckled, smiling at his wife and daughter. "Aren't you, sweetheart?" He said as he bent over to hug his only daughter. Blaise pulled her mom into the hug as well and she memorized their smells, even though she'd never admit it. She had to be strong, she was 11 years old now, not a baby. "I promise I'll write, mum. Don't worry, please." Blaise said, looking up at her parents. The train horn made her jump. "Blaise! C'mon! We got to go!" James yelled over to her, waving his arms like an idiot. "Go." Her mother smiled at her, brushing a piece of red hair from her daughter's face. "I love you, guys." Blaise smiled, trying not to let the growing tears in her eyes fall as she ran to James. "We love you too!" Mrs. Delemont yelled after her daughter. Blaise climbed onto the train after James, looking for an open compartment. After only coming across full ones they finally stumbled upon one with only one other person in it. "Hi, mind if we join you? Everywhere else is full." James asked the boy with light brown hair, Blaise noticed he had some scars on his face. She couldn't help but wonder how he got those. "Of course," He said, smiling. "My name's Remus Lupin. Are you guys first years too?" "Yeah we are. My name is James Potter and this is Blaise Delemont." James said motioning to her. "Thanks James, forgot I could introduce myself." Blaise glared at him as the boys laughed. "But, yes, as this tosspot said, I'm Blaise." She said smiling, taking the seat across from Remus as James sat next to the new boy. "Oi, Ginger, you wound me." James said dramatically, holding a hand to his heart in mock hurt. "Call me that again and you will be wounded." They all laughed as James put his hands up in surrender. They were interrupted when two boys opened the compartment door. One of them had dark, almost black, wavy hair and the other a sandy blonde. The dark-haired boy was about average height and looked fit for his age, not to mention he had the prettiest silver eyes she had ever seen. The light-haired boy was shorter and a tad on the round side, there was something about him Blaise didn't like. You know those people who you could just tell you wouldn't like? He was one of them, but who was she to judge she thought. "Mind if we join you lot?" The dark-haired boy asked. "The more, the merrier." James smiled, waving them in. "My name's James Potter." He said introducing only himself this time, looking at Blaise making sure she had caught that. Shaking her head at him she smiled at the boys. "I'm Blaise Delemont." She waved. "I'm Remus Lupin." Remus introduced as the boys closed the door as they entered. "Nice to meet you all, my name is Sirius Black." The dark-haired boy said, taking the seat next to Blaise. She blushed as his leg touched hers. "Peter Pettigrew." The mousy looking boy said. Sitting next to Sirius. "Are you guys first years?" James asked after all the introductions were made. "I am, don't know about him. He ran into me in the hallway." Sirius laughed, pointing at Pettigrew. "Me too." Peter said nervously. "You guys?" They all nodded. Blaise couldn't help notice how there was no awkwardness in the air between the lot. Besides Peter, but no one else seemed to notice that part. "Do any of you lot fancy quidditch?" Blaise asked, starting conversation. She noticed excitement in Sirius's eyes as she scanned the compartment. "I bloody love it!" He practically yelled, she giggled at his reaction. "What's your favorite team?" "Montrose Magpies." Blaise stated proudly. "Although, James here thinks the Ballycastle Bats are better. Which obviously shows what he knows." She laughed as James glared at her. Sirius was practically ready to marry her, not only was she a girl who liked quidditch, but a Magpies fan as well. He could just hear his mother's disapproval over a girl liking quidditch, which made him like her more. Not to mention she was quite cute. "The Magpies are my favorite too!" Sirius exclaimed. He and Blaise high-fiving. "You both are nutters is what you are." James said exasperatedly. "Okay, four eyes, who has won 32 league cups? Hmm?" She teased. "As opposed to? What is it? Like 10?" Blaise egged him on. The other