The Hunger Games and The Amazing Race do not belong to me. I make zero money from this. Wish I could, can't. It's very sad. Please read and review. -WNW Good to Know My phone is ringing. My phone is ringing. The sun isn't up. Why the hell is my phone ringing? "Good morning. This is Effie Trinket calling for Katniss Everdeen," A shrill, but familiar sing-song voice bites through the receiver at my ear drum. I open my eyes just enough to check the time on the screen, snap my eyes shut again, and groan. "Effie it's 5 in the morning," I grumble, not bothering with pleasantries in the hopes that my godfather's etiquette obsessed assistant will take offense at my non-greeting and hang up so I can go back to sleep. However, I'm apparently known for my barbarism and she continues on, un-phased, anyway. I don't crack my eyes. Maybe I can tune her out, fall back to sleep. Let it end soon. "Haymitch would like to see you this afternoon in his office at four. Is that good for you," she asked. "Schedule wise, yes. Mentally, no. How did you even know I was in town?" I'd only got in from Alaska the day before and was attempting to sleep through my jet lag. I'd been gone for over a month shooting a climb for the extreme nature magazine I work for. QUEST sends me all over the world with my camera. My editor, Jane Seeder, says I never miss my shot and my photos have graced the most covers since QUEST was established. It keeps me from home quite a bit, but it pays for Prim's med school, mostly. Prim had picked me up from the airport just yesterday and drove us back to our shared apartment. She has the run of the place while I'm gone, which is often, she's sweet enough to fib and say she gets lonely without me there. After a combination of wine, pizza, and the dish on Rory Hawthorne, who had finally asked her on a date last week, I had crashed on our couch. After four weeks sleeping on the ground, deciding between my bed and the couch was the least of my worries . Only Prim and Seeder had any information on my whereabouts, but leave it to Effie to know exactly where someone is at an exact time. It was her "Spidey-sense". "So I'll put you down. We'll...he'll be so pleased to see you," Effie tells me, ignoring my "mentality" comment and probably hoping I ignore that she accidentally paired herself verbally with "Uncle" Haymitch. She thought they hid their whatever-it-is-they-were well, but not well enough to keep me from noticing. As early as it is, I'd bet she's at his apartment rather than the office. I grin at that. "You do that. Roll over and tell the dirty old man, I'll be there," I poke the over dressed, over polite bear, in retribution for her calling so early. I hear her huff and Haymitch's chuckle in the background before I hang up. I roll from the couch and pad into the kitchen for a glass of OJ. I eat a handful of grapes, glad to see Prim has a decently stocked fridge, I work too hard for her to go hungry. I take what feels like the best hot shower of my life. I love the wilderness, but plumbing is high on my list of favorite things. I don't have to share my shower with a bear, that's always a plus. When I get out, I can hear my cell ringing again. Effie already called, Prim's asleep, so it would have to be my boss. "How did you get it," Seeder asks excitedly. "How did you get that shot of the grizzly." Like minds, I guess. "I was dirty. He was hungry and unless I wanted to be a naked appetizer to some trout, I had to stay put. Luckily, I was down wind." "Remind me to check for bear attack insurance policies the next time we send you up there. This is great stuff Katniss; even the article is incredible. National Geographic eat your heart out." "Just doing my job," I reply, trying to stay humble, but I'm smiling like mad. "Well, keep it up. I've got to go see Michael about his article on Peru. He's going to be pissed that you edged him again." Michael Salvichio and I had been in a tug of war for the cover of QUEST since Seeder hired me. He hates my guts. I kind of felt bad for him this time though, I lucked out with that bear in more ways than one and I'm sure it's hard to take a money shot of an alpaca. Then again Peru is gorgeous, it's not my fault he lacks creativity or sheer dumb luck. I decide to crawl into my own bed for a couple more hours, so I won't be too snippy with Haymitch. We aren't known for being warm and cuddly as much as we may love each other. When I wake up, I feel less likely to butt heads with the old man just for the hell of it, but only just. I get dressed quickly, throwing on my favorite jeans and an old t-shirt from my high school. Panem Panthers Baseball State Championship 2007. It's comfortable. I'm eating a cold slice of pizza when Prim, comes out of the bathroom, a towel wrapped around her head and talking on the phone. "Mhmm, I'll tell her. See you then." She smiles at me after she hangs up. "Um, Rory says that Gale says hi." "Oh," I smile back, forcefully. "Next time you see Rory, give them my love." She gives me a knowing look before disappearing into her bedroom, but doesn't say anything. The summer before college Gale proposed. It was a shock to me. As tied at the hip as we were, I had no idea he even felt anything for me, let alone strong enough to ask me to marry him. We just worked on so many levels and we did "love" each other, in at least one of the definitions of that word. I get that. But, he knew I didn't want to get married or have kids, not after my parents died and I became essentially Prim's mother. And how could I do that to him, marry him without passion or purpose? I didn't have time to be a wife and a mom. I told him as much, as gently as I could. He didn't talk to me for a year and then another. He completely cut me off. I didn't hear from him again until he bumped into our old friend Madge at State. He called three weeks after their first date to apologize. That was six years ago. They're married now and she's due in October. I never developed the same feelings Gale had for me. I never grasped a deeper, more heated definition of love, but in the past years something had begun to change. My empty bed seemed colder. Babies looked cuter. It was terrifying. The thought that I kind of wanted one and the thought that I probably wouldn't ever have one. I'd blown my only real shot. I'd had a few relationships after the proposal, but nothing amounted to much; nothing caused a true spark. The heat eluded me. I wanted what my parents had. There never were two people more in love than that. The thought of them stings my eyes. They died my junior year in high school, drunk driver. I wanted what they had. It didn't seem too much to ask, but I'd long since come to the conclusion that a love like that couldn't be found in times like this. So I married my work. I called a taxi, kissed Little Duck on top of the head, and headed out for Haymitch's office. I tried to focus on guessing what he could want rather than thinking about how empty our apartment would be tonight. Rory was taking Prim out for the first time. She had offered to reschedule, but I thought she'd waited long enough. She'd been in love with Rory since kindergarten. Maybe I could just live vicariously through her, be the cool aunt that buys great souvenirs. That was a heartening thought. It wasn't all that long a ride. I paid the driver and strolled into Haymitch's building. Haymitch was a publicist, in charge of tailoring the public images of the many employed by Snow Media Corporation. SMC was a national broadcast station, famous for reality television, news, and the occasional new hit drama. As my place was behind a camera instead of in front of it, I was completely at a loss as to why Haymitch wanted to meet at his office. Still, I owe my career to Haymitch, when he calls, I answer. I'd originally started my college days as an English major, certain I was destined to teach middle school at Panem High. I was required to take an elective in my basics and familiar with my dad's old camera, I decided on photography. Much to my own surprise, I was a natural. Upon seeing the portfolio for my final my sophomore year, Haymitch handed it around to a few friends. Seeder called and the rest is history. I made it through the bustling lobby and gratefully found an empty elevator. The people person I am, I immediately started jabbing the closed door button. I nearly had it too, but suddenly a hand reached out. "Hold the elevator!" Dammit. A long arm followed the hand and I had to bite down hard on my lip to keep from gasping. Because that long arm, that large bronze hand, belonged to the first name on the roster you could read on the back of my t-shirt. 2007's State Baseball Champ, All American, MVP, Class President, Local Do-Gooder, and the person I spent the majority of senior year avoiding like the plague: Peeta Mellark. Double dammit. As soon as recognition lights in his eyes, a mile wide, hundred watt smile spreads across his face and the doors close behind him. I'd successfully managed to never be alone with him for nearly eight years now, until fate, the heartless bitch she is, saw fit to intervene. "Katniss." It's not a question or a greeting. Just my name and he fumbles with his hands for a minute and I'm scared for a moment that he's going to hug me. But he jams his hands into the pockets of his dark denim jeans and I inwardly sigh in relief. That was one of the good things about Peeta, he knew how to handle people, or in my case not handle them at all. "Hi," I reply and I notice with dismay that he hasn't pushed a floor button, meaning he must be heading to the 21st like me. He turns from me to face the doors. "How are you," he asks quietly. His voice is controlled. "Great. Little tired. Always busy. You ," I respond, looking at the tops of my trainers. "Same," he says and leaves it at that. We reach the fourteenth floor before someone else gets in and Peeta steps closer to me. He smells like sandlewood, leather, and cinnamon rolls. It's ridiculous. Those scents are not supposed to work together, but they do. I also immediately wish, I'd had more than a slice of cold pepperoni before I came. My stomach growls and I'm certain I see the corner of his lips turn up in a smile. He looks almost the same, but his golden blonde curls used to flop carelessly over his ears and over his forehead: now his hair is cropped close on the sides, the top stylishly swept to one side. He's in dark jeans and a light blue button up. He seems polished. I'm pretty