Inspired by Even Immortals Fall by Youkai no Yume and The Places We Go by Mystic25. Also inspired by the Tomoyo route in Clannad , particularly the OVA adaptation. Characters: Severus Snape, Luna Lovegood, minor Hermione, very minor Harry Rating: K+ Tags: slight angst, drama, romance, love, soul-searching, memory (and reflection), gen, slice of life Falling in love with someone is a hard process - especially when they don't exist yet. He blinked. Tears, he noted, rested against the flesh of his skin - they were dry - and he raised a hand to wipe at his eyes. It had happened before, and each time never seemed better or worse, though every incident did make him a bit more anxious. The pitter patter of rain told him today would not agree with his free-frolicking; she, he knew, would disagree with him. It was a wonder that she could laugh and giggle herself into a frenzy of delighted dancing under the solemn clouds or windy rages, but she was all the more beautiful for it. Innocent, he called her once. A pure sort of emotion rang through her very core, and he told her so that she would smile that great big smile of hers. He absently looked at himself in the mirror, gauging his tired haunt and crooked limbs. Nothing in his expression screamed handsome, but she said that it mattered rather little to her - handsomeness is like magic. It might be there that looks like you can see it, but truthfully, it is something you find on the inside; appeal only exists where you want to find it, and you will know when you get there . She would kiss his nose and often smiled back at him, shy and demure, even though she was anything but. It made his gut reek with queasy butterflies that tried to fly out; only, instead, they became moths and ate at the inner lining of his stomach. He sometimes wondered how difficult life was without her. Most of the time, however, he only smiled back and held her hand in his. It was small but not tiny, he said to her once. She only cocked her head sideways before closing her eyes and laying back against the grass. She never minded his quirks or odd comments; after all, she said back, how could I of all people say that? The reassurance he felt from that statement was one of the most powerful things he felt in his life. It also cemented the fact that he knew he would grow to love her in ways he never thought he loved anyone else. Loving was hard, and trying to love someone like this was not at all his forte, or anything he was remotely familiar with, let alone comfortable. Still, he tried his best, and his eyes always told her so. From that time on, he had looked at her with a kind of awe and reverence one might see when they stare at the likes of Harry Potter, Nicholas Flamel, or even people like Gellert Grindelwald and Albus Dumbledore. When she realized it, the thought made her flush a happy red that was much more preferable than any shade he had seen before. His lips definitely confirmed that statement, and afterwards he showed her how much more she could flush when he held her in the silence of a peaceful afternoon in the woods. Currently speaking, his legs carried him to the bookshelf in his room, and he was careful not to let his hair drip over the album he pulled out. The rain would not pass soon, he believed, and he had felt little desire to work all the time nowadays, another lesson she was eager to share with him. Instead, he was now able to enjoy the fact that he had a life worth remembering. The pensieve stood cold by the window as his fingers dipped through the pages and his brain sought the memories on its own. Infinite in mystery is the gift of the Goddess; we seek it thus, and take to the sky. Ripples form on the water's surface: the wandering soul knows no rest. LOVELESS: ACT I, Final Fantasy VII: Crisis Core They first met as student and teacher, and at the time, he had no real thoughts of friendship - any kind of ship - with her. He did, however, possess an amazing amount of empathy and a disturbingly high, or so it seemed, bundle of sympathy for her situation. He was the same some years prior, and he'd be damned if he allowed any of that garbage to happen in his classroom walls. Nothing wrong happened to her in his class, and he knew, it was not because anyone in the class tolerated her, but he would make it so that they would all have to face him. In the confines of Hogwarts' potions lab, he was the king, and he had laid down his law. He could not tolerate failure. It was the iron rule that cast people's prejudices aside; to fault in his territory, purposefully, could see more than just a one-time ejection from the class. There had been people who were never seen in the potions lab again, and there certainly would be more in the future. Luckily, or rather ironically, given her overall situation, she was one of the birds, and they tended to keep their heads down when their academics were threatened. Particularly during classes. She noticed it after three sessions and after the third, stayed behind to thank him. He ignored the sniffle as he told her that she was welcome any time. His words soft, his heart cold, she nodded, not minding the distant expression on his face as he shuffled papers and dipped his quill in ink, scribbling away at so-called 'essays.' He later learned that, aside from her family, he had been the first in a long while who had showed her kindness. Consequently, he also later, many, many years later, learned that she had dubbed him "Mr. Not-So-Meanie" in her diary and decided that he was a good person since then onwards. The rest of that year was quiet between the two, and the rustling of paperwork and bubbling of cauldrons filled the air between them, even when the rest of the school was horrified about the running around of Slytherin's little pet. They were all scared, she told him, but she felt okay in his classroom. Her fingers tightly clutched her little stuffed Snorkack whenever she nervously crept in during the night, feet bare and eyes droopy. His eyes softened when they met hers. She had stopped by often enough to warrant his transfiguration of cleaned tables into beds, and he always waited for her breathing to lighten before he asked an elf to bring her back to her room. Of course, she was too young then to notice the fact that a Notice-Me-Not was always applied to her. Or the occasional Kenaz , Wunjo , and Algiz sifted into the air around her. Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be. Og Mandino When she was twelve, she ran into his room unannounced, shut the door, ran for an empty corner, and curled up into a ball. She was attacked more viciously than ever before, and he snarled at the thought. She said not a word to him, but only whispered one out loud. Mummy . His mind connected the dots before he was aware of the consequences, and anger overrode him. No one should ever have to hear their mother die. It pained him that she had brought a fellow victim with her, but he knew better than to turn the child away. The two suffered together, and that was why they came. They cried, and the boy was mute for a while after they stopped crying. It seemed that he struggled with connecting his current sanctuary to his weekly torture, but he was holding well. When the boy looked at him, he swallowed thickly, shocked and numb. The tears on his face were frightening, because the last time he saw that expression was when he was fifteen and those same eyes looked back at him with the most sorrow he had ever endured in his entire life. A deep breath escaped his lungs and flared from his nostrils. He got up and the boy was startled and curled further in on himself; he stopped moving and he saw her whisper into his ears. He never asked what was said, but whatever it was, it worked. The boy's knees moved down and his head looked up - both man and child had their gazes locked, and he squashed down the desire to use any for of the mind arts to pry open the boy's concerns and fears. Instead, he walked from behind his desk and kneeled before the boy, holding his shoulder and told him that there was nothing to fear. That it was okay to be afraid, and it was okay to cry. He did not apologize, for anything, but instead, then took the boy in an embrace that made him stiffen and choke. It took him a few moments and a squeeze of the hand from the girl for the boy to relax in his professor's grip. Eventually, when he found out that he was the third person to ever hug the boy, Albus Dumbledore had to dodge spears of flame and ice and the Headmasters' portraits cried from being torn asunder and ripped with venomous gashes. Of course, after he found that out he only told Luna that her friend might require more hugging in the future. If the ice melts, a warmer song would have come out; but why is the ice so cold? Why is it so cold? Akdong Musician: Melted She became a grown little girl and began to shy away from her 'big bad Batman' over the course of the next few years; it took more than a year for them to meet like friends again, and she was fifteen then, instead of twelve; February 14th was when she stopped by, a day after that birthday, and a little while before she promised to meet Hermione Granger, Harry Potter, and Rita Skeeter. Her blue eyes shone bright and he has always remembered the fact that they were dulled with an edge of realism that comes with every person, no matter if their inner cynic flowers or not. She said almost nothing for the first fifteen minutes of their early morning rendezvous. The forest was quiet and the trees rustled with the fresh breeze of cool winter's breath, dancing their leaves like little puppets of some greater gravitas. Hello, she said to him, like she always had, like he would later find that she always would; like there had never been any time in between their past and this present. It was the way, he acknowledged, that he wished Lily would have spoken to him. A flare of indignation threatened to rise up. Instead, that flare became dried and then shoved aside as a tight smile tucked itself onto his heavy lines. Hello, his voice repeated. He hated the way her eyes looked at him in that moment. She has grown up, he reminded himself. But no matter what, those blue irises seemed little more than budding glories. His gaze turned away; their intersection averted, because the only thing he his thoughts decided to turn to was the explosion of light and that would come when she truly came to bloom. His heart, however, instead decided that his thoughts should think about what would happen if he were to prick the flower-buds before their birth. At that moment, he assured himself that he has been cursed. He has already lived to see one