So this is my first Fan Fiction I hope you enjoy it. More chapters are coming so please review and tell what you think :D I also want to thank my beta ChoosingTheLabyrinth. Its a cold bitter winter morning. The air is crisp and clean, which is highly unlikely in District 12. Even though the revolution was years ago and no one has to be a coal miner anymore the air is still thick with dust. I'm on my way to my mother and father's. I can't help but be proud of them, they won the 74th hunger games and survived the 75th that ended in the middle when the revolution started. They have been through so much I don't know how they could bear it. My mother, Katniss, told me when I was young about these things and we learned about it in grade school. Now I'm 23. I walked into the snow covered yard and stood at the door. Not pausing to knock I opened the door, my nose was invaded by a delicious smelling cake my father, Peeta, must have baked."Hello." I called into the kitchen. "In here Mary" My mom called down the hall. I walked down the narrow hall looking in each room. I glanced into the art studio to see mom hunched over dad. He was painting something, I quietly stepped into the room. He turned around. "Oh hi Mary," he smiled wide. "You're getting more like your mother everyday." He meant by the way I looked and moved I have dark brown hair like her, and I have the senses of a hunter. That makes me silent and able to hear anything. I resembled my mother so much except for my eyes. Hers are a steel gray. Mine are a brilliant sparkling blue like my dad's. Walking closer I asked, "What are you painting?" My father was a gifted artist, he told me that it was from all the years working the bakery. " Oh...um..." He stops and swallows "Its from when I was in the Capitol, when they..uh..'hijacked' me" My mother rubbed his back trying to comfort him. During the revolution he was held captive and had tracker jacker poison injected in him. It brought up bad memories of my mother. I don't know if it's years of getting used to or he found his dying love for her again but he overcame it. I studied the painting, there was a jail cell and inside I recognized a younger looking man that was meant to be dad and some other people. I saw Octavia, a family friend and a part of my mom's styling team. The conditions of the small stone room looked awful and it took my breath away just to think about the crazed look my dad has on his face when he grips the back of a chair to control the awful hallucinations. When I saw him do it as a child it scared me so much I would run up to my room crying. Then in a few minutes he would come up to explain he wasn't mad or anything like that. A minute has passed of staring at the horrific scene from the painting and I realize my brother, Lance, is here. I pull my self into reality and moved out of the now emptied room. somewhere in my thoughts mom and dad must have left. Lance was covered in snow, and was getting it all over the floor. I couldn't but giggle when mom started yelling at him. " Lance Finnick Mellark!" she said stern " You're getting mud and water everywhere." He threw a sly grin my way, Lance and I have always had a strong bond. He was my best friend as a kid. This smile always made me laugh because I knew when he did he was trying to piss someone off. One of my favorite memories was hiking out to the lake in the woods where she would teach us to swim. Lance had picked up a frog and and threw it in her hair. She gave the loudest scream I've ever heard from her. It was all I could do not to fall over laughing. Lance was there with that same smile and dove into the water before she could catch him. I looked up from my laughing and saw my father throwing his boots outside while he was objecting. Mom had her head in her hand trying not to break her stern look. ~HG~ We sat at the table laughing and talking. My mom had brought in a bundle of rabbit and squirrel meat. I loved the taste of it. During dinner my parents always tell us these ridiculous stories of when they were younger. "Just before Boggs and I were going to get on a hovercraft to go to District 8 we saw Finnick." My mothers voice quivered at the name. We had known Finnick was a long time friend. We also knew that his death was 's why Lance's middle name is Finnick. Mine is Rue after a small girl my mother teamed up with in the 74th Hunger Games. My father held her hand as she continued. "He was standing in his hospital gown and I said 'Finnick, maybe some pants?' He then looked down at his legs and with a grin he pulled of the gown so he was just in his underwear." She stopped to laugh "After he pulled it off he struck the most ridiculous pose and said 'Why? Do you find this distracting?' Boggs looked so embarrassed and I laughed so hard." Everyone one laughed at this. A moment of silence crossed after the laughing and from the front room we heard the door open abruptly and slam closed. My mom turned a pale white. I knew it was because of the games that she was always so jumpy. My dad stood up with his hand on her shoulder and walked out of the room. I heard him gasp and then a quick laugh. Fright in her face turned to confusion. My dad walked back in calmly. "Katniss, there is someone here to see you." She stood up. "Who is it?" she asked, walking over to the arched door. She gave a quite girlish squeal and ran into the walkway. My dad saw Lance and my confused look. He grinned and said slowly, "Gale is here." I looked over to Lance who also had an excited look. We haven't seen our "uncle Gale" in forever. Jumping up, I ran over to the door and slid on the floor in my socks. My father grabbed my arm so I wouldn't hit the wall. "Whoa there Mary slow down." He laughed. Gale ruffled my hair like he would when I was young. His seam grey eyes glittered with joy as he said "Mary this is Cole Vick, my son, but we just call him Cole" He was gorgeous. His eyes were a grey with a tint of blue, and like his mother's, Johanna, his hair was a long dark brown color. His skin was tan but not olive like Gale's. Cole held his hand out "Nice to meet you, and I didn't catch your name." His smile was large and as white as pearls. I was staring at him not realizing he wanted to know my name. My mom chuckled "Her name is Mary Rue but you may call her Mary, and I'm Katniss or as you father calls me Catnip, also this is my husband Peeta and my son Lance" My cheeks got a bright red, I could feel the heat creep up my face as I realized Cole was staring at me too. I smiled at him and he looked at his feet. His chest was built and his shoulders were broad. He looked so muscular ever in his large jacket. We all sat down in the sitting room that is decorated with dad's paintings of flora and fauna. He didn't like to go in the woods, but he really wanted to paint the beauty of it so mom brought him out with her. She told us he was just as loud as he was in the arena, laughing as she recalled it. Even though those paintings were beautiful there was another one that was my favorite. It was a simple painting with black and gold, it was the Mockingjay pin my mom wore in the Hunger Games. It was carefully crafted with a circle around the outside. In the middle is a mockingjay with the wings extended, the beak of the bird was just a bit longer than most birds. Inside of it was an arrow. Nothing special, just a painting. A gentle touch on the hand pulled me from my thoughts. "Mary? Do you want me to help you upstairs?" I didn't recognize the voice at first and I also didn't realize that I had drifted off. My eyes blinked open and the room was dark. The shadows looked so different from the ones in the daylight. The glowing eyes in front of me could only be one person and I knew it was Cole. "Did I fall asleep?" "Yeah, your parents said to leave you here and let you sleep but, I couldn't sleep so I thought I would help you to your room." His voice was light and gentle, not at all like Gale's. "Oh, I-I don't live here anymore" "I know but, you do have an old room. right?" He laughed quietly. I blushed again "I didn't know if you knew or not." "Are you trying to impress me?" He said teasingly. "Cause if you are I-" I immediately took defense like my mom does. " I am not! I-I-I" I truthfully ran out of things to say because honestly...I was trying to impress him, hes strong and good looking. I do feel ashamed I don't even know him and i judging him by his looks, I feel like an awful person now. "Here." He grabbed my hand a pulled me up. "Let me help you upstairs, I know you're tired." I was sort of glad he helped me because I was so sleepy I don't think I could have even walked. I was set on doing it myself. I didn't want to get too close to him because he seems like someone who could really hurt you if you trusted him. After, a couple of failed attempts to walk without running into something he picked me up, uninvited, and unwanted. Truthfully I liked his arms holding me. I felt protected and safe like nothing could happen in this moment. A loud alarm went off throughout the house when we got up the stairs. It was so loud Cole dropped me on the ground and jumped. "Damn it," he mumbled under his breath. "OUCH!" My hands flew to my back that had been jerked back. I laid there for a moment "Oh thats ok I'm fine you just dropped me on the floor while I was half awake!" "Sorry" He snorted. His hand extended for mine but I ignored it and pushed my self up. "What is that awful noise anyway?" "Has the Capitol news alarm been taken out?" "I don't know." Just then mom, dad, Johannah, and Gale ran out of their rooms. "Why is the alarm going off dad?" "Um, I don't know" With confusion in everyone's faces, we went back down stairs. Now that I was fully awake I could feel myself getting a headache from being dropped on the wooden floor. I rolled my eyes at myself because I knew I was being totally irrational. Honestly I probably would have dropped myself too if a loud ringing went off in the middle of the night. When we stepped into the living room the television flickered on. An old white haired man with puffy lips that I automatically knew was Snow. My parents had told