Chapter 1 "Expelliarmus!" Harry shouted. He had no idea how this person who looked suspiciously like a slightly older version of the shade he met a few weeks ago in that dank chamber under the school. The other man calmly side stepped the spell. Voldemort had forgotten how brash and hasty his companion was when he was younger. While it was amusing to spar with someone so unafraid he was not serving his plans for being here. His modified legilimens spell let him see an attackers thoughts. The duel perception had taken a decade to master but he was Lord Voldemort after all. Quickly growing tired of this little dance he stopped avoiding Harry's rather well cast, for a second year, disarming charm. "Enough! We must speak." Chaining silent a muscle freezing spell, again modify to leave the facial muscles alone and a silent shield charm. He watched as His emerald eyed target's body locked up and the scarlet light hit his shield suddenly pulsing a brilliant golden. ' Bollocks' flashed across his and the mind of Harry threw his legilimens link before they were both struck by the pulse. The time traveling former ruler of the world felt no different but then why was the world sudden so much bigger. "Argh, what have you done you insufferable child?" Quickly conjuring a mirror Voldemort took in his now long raven tresses and emerald eyes. As his eyes traveled lower he noticed his tailored robe hugging curvy hips and a slight bust. His sleak male lines were gone. He had been turned into a girl! Mind racing all he could do was turn to glare at the boy across from him still locked in his spell's magic. "YOU TURNED ME INTO A GIRL!" oh he was so going to lock potter up for another 1000 years. Why had he thought this was a good idea? Oh yes, end of civilization and the human and magical race. As his temper cooled down he noticed under Harry's baggy and overly worn clothes he could see the same curves, eyes and hair style. They looked like twins now. Harry watched the older Tom Riddle turned into a girl rage for a moment. He was completely shocked. He could feel his body lock up and knew he could talk but the situation was just so bizarre even by his standards. Suddenly his brain burned and his mind was on fire. Both Harry and Voldemort screamed raw ragged screams of pure pain. It felt like the basilisk had bitten into his brain and filled his head with the poison. His brain was feeling twice as big as it should be and then he felt something sear into his soul and attach its self. Watching the changed body that he knew was once Voldemort hold her head and collapse screaming, the spell holding him in place suddenly lifted and Harry collapsed as well. The pain was unfortunately not enough to render him unconscious. He tried to stand and ended up crawling towards the body that had just attacked him. A shuttering breath, a soft and sweet voice suddenly came from her body, "Haley, why do I feel so cold inside?" Quickly scurrying over to his sister...no, her sister…no, Voldemort's changed body, Harry grabbed her hand and held it, "Shh, Amy we will figure this out. We always do. No one can stop the Potter twins." She quipped. Wait who were the Potter twins? Haley was an only child. Harry looked down at Amaryllis, her twin sister. Haley groaned softly, why did his head hurt so much? Amy's body kept switching between violent shutters and scarily rigid. Her breath was coming in shallow gasps. Amy's eyes snapped open but they were not the same soft sparkling emeralds full of love that Haley was used to. These eyes where cold, flinty, and they scared Haley. A hard voice came from her sister's body, "I am lord Voldemort, Ruler of the world, master of time, and you will submit to me." Amy's eyes shifted again back to their normal soft and happy look, "Ha-Haley, what's wrong? I don't feel good." Harry could feel Amy's pulse weaken as she held her sisters in her lap. Haley watched the eyes shift again to the hardness before but dimmer this time. "th-this is my body. I, Volde-, comman…you…lea…" Haley could feel tears running down his cheeks. Crying out, " STOP! Stop it…your killing…" Her world suddenly faded to black but quickly was filled with a soft white light that seemed to come from everywhere. Harry was no longer sitting with her sister in her lap. She was standing, with Amy beside her, and the man that had been there to begin with. There was a golden threaded chain connecting the three of them. "Interesting." He drawled out. Haley's head still hurt. The man looked around at their setting and fingered the golden chain gently. "Haley?" Amy looked at her sister and to the man. "Why is she fluctuating like that?" right now she was more concerned for her sister than what was happening. She watched as Haley seamed to shift between herself and something more masculine but Amy could still see all of their Potter traits in her sister's boy form; Wild hair, emerald eyes, and raven locks. Amy decided she didn't care what was going on, Haley had held her in the other place and now it was her turn. Wrapping her arms around Haley's shoulder she held on tight. She could feel the muscles shift to more bulky and back to her sister's lithe grace. The man stepped up close and leaned down to look Haley in the eye before calmly stating, "Harry stop focusing on the details. Stop fighting the memories. Listen to my voice. Feel Amy's arms around you. Focus on this moment." Haley let out a few shuttering breaths before pulling her hands away from the sides of her head. She looked between her sister, Voldemort, and her hands as they fluctuated less and less until the stopped settling on her normal girl hands. "What happened?" She looked up at Voldemort. Her stare was half accusing and half pleading he had information. One arm slipped around her sister and held her close. Haley needed the anchor as the mixed memories were threating to flood her mind again. "Well, for expediency sake I will stick to the short version for now. I do believe we will have plenty time for the long version later. I am lord Voldemort. I won our little war over 1000 years ago. I ruled the world with an iron fist. A bit to iron. I realized the human race would be extinct with-in another century because of my actions. Putting down attempted revolts and such. With the help of a future Harry Potter…" Haley flinched at the sound of her alternate form's name, "I devised a spell to come and help him stop myself. I tried to talk to him only to have him attack me in self-defense. A laudable attempt. However doomed against my magnificence. I had forgotten about our twined cores. So with a combination of temporal energy, twin cores, and legilimens link I created. Time seems to have corrected the potential catastrophic events before I managed to dissipate the temporal field." The girls struggled a little to deal with the higher end concepts of both physics and magic but they managed well enough. "Yeah, but what does that all mean." They chirped out at the same time. They looked in to matching emerald sparkling eyes and giggled. Voldemort just sighed and thought this was going to be a long existence. "That means…due to Harry's or now Haley's and I's rather explosive nature of our wands fighting each other, Time has turned my body in to Amaryllis' body. Turned my legilimens link in to a very powerful twin bond. And I…" Voldemort let out a heavy sigh, "am back to being a horcux again. Stuck in Amaryllis' mind it seems. While you Haley have the complete set of your's and Harry's memories." Haley's Harry memories floated to the surface adding isolation to the feelings this man had caused when he tried to kill them twice in their first two years. "How do we know you're not here to kill us?" Voldemort ground out a sigh and tried to remain calm, "because if I wanted to I could." He grabbed the golden chain and sent a pulse of magic down its length causing the two girls to gasp in pain. He grunted with the back lash of pain. "However I did not live for a thousand years to suicide myself on a couple of teenagers who are my only means of survival right now." Twin sets of emerald orbs glared at him for a moment, "so you really are here to help us stop you?" Amy asked. Haley just glared at him more before she sent her own magic pulsing along the cord. Just enough to cause Voldemort to wince before she calmly stated, "Just remember this is a two way street." "Dually noted." Maybe he could work with these girls. Haley at least learned quickly. "Also you were calling yourself Voldemort. If we are going to be stuck with you, that stops now. Voldemort is all of ours enemy, you will be Tom." She coldly stated The newly christened Tom sighed in his own now non-existent head, infuriating Potters, "Now I suggest we leave this mind scape and return to home. I'm sure our bodies will attract quite a bit of attention." Tom looked at Haley, waiting. Amy looked back and forth wondering what was supposed to happen. "What?!" Haley nearly shouted after a few moments. Tom sighed, he had a feeling he was going to be doing that a lot now. "Focus your mind and your magic on where we were before we came here. It should return us." Tom watched as Haley scrunched up her face and her brow furrowed in deep concentration. It was cute in an exasperating sort of way. Haley cracked one eye open expecting to see something other than the blank space they were in. Huffing in annoyance she looked at the other two people nearby wondering what went wrong. Both girls saw a look of irritation flit threw Tom's eyes before he knelt inform of Haley. "Close your eyes." He voice was far calmer than it had yet been. "Take a slow breath. See yourself and your sister. See her in your lap. See the street we were on. Feel the breeze on your skin. Remember each little detail as best as you can." She felt his voice wash over her mind as she could see the scene. "Now hold that image and focus on your magic, see that bright ball with in you. Now push the two together." Haley felt something spark with in her and reach out. Just as quickly she felt the light kiss of a breeze on her check and her sister against her hands. Gasping she let out the breath she didn't know she was holding. She looked down and Amy was back in her lap. "Well that seemed to work. We should get back before we get in trouble." The girls helped each other to stand. Haley took a moment to look at her sister. Amaryllis was both intimately familiar and a complete stranger at the same time to her. Her Harry perception studied this girl, taking in the various aspects and wondering at the end of the isolation. Her Haley perception saw her sister and the bond they always had that got them threw the trial that was the Dursley's and the isolation at school. "Come on Amy, let's get back to the house." Haley turned and started walking before she heard a hard cuss and sigh. Turning around she saw Amy stumble. "Tom stop interfering." Amy said quietly. Haley just watched her sister. "No it is not