Chapter 1: letters and consequences It all started the Halloween after her eighth birthday. Well more like her seventh birthday if she really thought about it. And now here the culmination sat in her hand along with the other mail. Innocently with a bill and something from 'Aunt' Marge. Thinking back over the last three or four years she returned to the kitchen. She handed the rest of the mail to her guardian and started to open the envelop when it was snatched from her hand by Dudley. A young girl immediately shot a cold hard glare at the boy. "Look, look dad she got a letter" He sneered waving the envelop around "who would write to the freak " Sighing slightly and wondering if her thick cousin was worth a spell today or not. Deciding it wasn't worth it at the moment she waved her hand causing the letter to float towards her. Deftly plucking the letter from the air she glared at her guardian's son who looked afraid but kept flashing hopeful looks at his father. He was still not used to his father's difference to the girl. Until recently he would have done something to try and stop the blatant display of magic from the girl. "I will be in my room with my letter." Her vibrant purple eyes went cold as she glanced over every one reminding them of the current order of things especially Dudley. She sighed heavily and leaned against the closed door. It was still tiring to deal with her relatives. Walking over to her wardrobe and opening the door she looked in to the full length mirror attached to the back of the door making sure her appearance was still good. Her purple eyes looked herself over from her straight black hair with flame red times, her bare arms cover in her magical tattoos with the 'freak' mark on her left shoulder, and her clothes white sleeveless shirt, black vest with tight dark blue jeans, and ear still slightly pointed. Nodding to herself that nothing was mussed she walked to her desk and placed the letter down and stared at it. Her left hand caressed her two most important possessions, her grimoire and her elvish dictionary having created both after much research. Her right hand travelled up her left arm and fingered the word seared into her flesh, 'freak'. Shaking herself from her memories she carefully opened the letter and carefully read through the pages. Mumbling to herself "owl…31st". Sighing again as this was turning into another one of those frustrating days of dealing with her relatives repeatedly. She gathered her thoughts and prepared herself to either coerce or frighten the information she needed out of her Aunt. Hopefully she wouldn't have to research a new spell to summon an owl she had yet to have any luck basing any summoning spell off of her source books yet. Walking back in to the kitchen she saw her aunt cleaning the already clean kitchen again. Deciding on trying the polite approach, "Excuse me Aunt petunia can you help me?" She watched as her Aunt stiffened at the sound of her voice. "Yes. What do you want" Her aunt did not turn around. She took this as a good sign, more for the fact there wasn't a plate being thrown at her or insults dripping from Petunia's mouth right now. "My letter said they need a response by the 31st. I need to know where I can get the services of an owl. Do you know?" keeping her voice flat as if asking for the latest gossip her Aunt adored. She had learned long ago the cute little girl act did not thaw Petunia's cold heart. Pausing Petunia actually thought back to her long ago childhood when she still had happy thoughts about the abnormal things in her life. "They said if you ever want to send a letter to someone at the school and you don't have an owl go to an open window and say 'I need a Hogwarts owl to deliver a letter" Petunia stiffened again and went back to her cleaning. Completely ignoring the girl in the room. She also ignored the fact she had remembered a fond memory from her childhood about Lily. The older woman already back to her cleaning. The now ignored girl sighed once more and exited the kitchen thinking this had been a small miracle. Easy information and no flying dishes. She would take what she could get and reward her guardians with a quick exit. Reaching her room again, she paused for a moment wondering how long it would take for the owl to arrive. She decided to write her letter first just in case, she would dislike having to make an owl wait on her. Locating her new fountain pen and a blank sheet of paper, she wondered just what she should put in her first missive. Dear Mrs. McGonagall, Thank you for your letter of acceptance to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Before I accept your offer I would like to request a meeting with someone to have a few questions answered. My guardians have told me very little about magic. What I have learned has mostly been threw self-study. I am available anytime between now and July 31 st Sincerely N'ataya She signed the letter with her chosen Elven name. Ever since the fateful Halloween of her eighth year she had discarded much of her old life and embraced her 'freakishness' as her uncle called it. Tucked into one of her drawers was a wax seal kit she go when she purchased her fountain pen. Never having thought it would be more than a cute toy before she received her Hogwarts letter. She Held her thumb and first two fingers in a triangle shape and muttered a small spell until there was a tiny purple flame balanced between her three fingers. Choosing a simple red stick of wax she held it close to the flame and let several drops fall on the seal of the envelop before setting aside the stick and dismissing the flame. She pressed a small fleur de lis seal into the wax. The young sorceress simply wrote the Deputy Headmistress's name on the envelop hoping that was enough. Going to the window she opened it up as far as it would go and repeated the phrase her Aunt had provided earlier. Once again deciding it would be polite if the coming owl would have a place to land she left her window open and went and sat on her bed once again beginning to think about the events that lead to this moment. Another hot summer day out weeding the garden with her relatives inside avoiding the heat. She was reaching between the hydrangeas and pulling a weed out when she overheard Mrs. Number nine next door in Mrs. Number three's backyard as they moved closer to the fence. The pair of ladies where walking around the perimeter of the back yard. She could hear what they talked about when they approached this side of the fence. So far it had been nothing more than the normal gossip what Mrs. Whatever number had served for tea, whose son or daughter had a date, or their marks in university. However on one pass their comments caused Harriet to pause and listen intently "He called it Dungeons and Dragons. He said his girlfriend was a sorceress" With that defining statement Mrs. Number nine and three walked away from the shared fence and where no longer on that particular topic by the time they came back around. However, she was still thinking about what was said and her young mind locked on to the one important thought that maybe her uncle was wrong and magic was real. She decided then and there to find out all information she could. She look up at her alarm clock and seeing she had been sitting there for an hour just thinking. A soft ruffling caused her to look up towards the window and noticed a soft brown coloured owl sitting on the window sill amber bird eyes meeting human purple eyes. Smiling and retrieving her letter to McGonagall, She approached the owl and held out the letter. The owl held out his leg. She noticed there was a piece of string already there and she sensed she was supposed to tie her letter to the owl's leg. With that action complete she watched the owl turn and fly off. McGonagall nocked on the headmasters door and heard him say. "Come in Minerva." She gave an internal sigh but suppressed any outward sign of annoyance. She understood the need to appear to be the all-knowing headmaster, especially for Albus Dumbledore, but she grew tired of it. Especially since she knew most of his tricks, seeing as they were part of her Deputy headmistress training, who knew when she would have to cover for Albus and his numerous random other duties. Walking into his office he made is customary offer of a lemon drop and a seat. She declined both as this would be a quick visit. She saw him going over some paperwork which he put to the side and gave her his full attention. His fingers loosely laced together. She handed him the letter she had received this morning via school owl. "I received a letter requesting a meeting with a staff member. The letter is signed but not by any student we sent a letter to. When I checked the trace spell on the owl I found it came from Number four Privet Drive. I also discovered it was summoned by the pass phrase for muggle born parents from twenty years ago. I have already sent a letter back saying a staff member would be there tomorrow at ten in the morning. Would you like to go or shall I?" She stood stiff as she delivered her report. Albus had sat impassive during the whole thing. He looked down and read the letter. She noticed him pause at the signature and frown slightly. When he looked up the frown was gone and he laced his long fingers together again before speaking. "Please go visit Harriet tomorrow. Asses the young lady. I trust your judgement Minerva but please report back as soon as you are done." "I may need to take her to Diagon Alley" He leaned over and opened a drawer and retrieved a small key, "Here is the key to her trust vault. Please explain the basics but leave anything more detailed until after we have reviewed your assessment." Professor McGonagall nodded primly, taking the key, and turned to exit, "Thank you Albus." "As always, you are most welcome." He smiled at the retreating form of his deputy. He was generally fond of the young Scotswoman. Well young to him. He chuckled and pulled the newest draft of the Wizengamot's latest bill and returned to his review of it. He enjoyed being an educator the most but he did value these quiet summer months to get things caught back up. N'ataya looked over her second letter from the magical community for the fourth time this morning. She had received it last night by the same soft brown owl who had picked up her original letter. She was excited, very excited. Her first contact with another magical. She didn't count her parents which she could not even remember. She went to her wardrobe mirror, again for the fourth time. Her hair was again straight, black with red tips, but if the light caught it just right there was red highlights under the black that would flare. Today she was wearing faded blue jeans. Leggings weren't right for the image she wanted at the moment. She had a black baby doll style t-shirt with a fairy on it. Over her shirt she had a white denim vest. She turned her head slightly