Chapter 1 Whirlwind of emotions I knew he was there at my chamber doors. What took him so much time to come over is not necessarily a mystery, but not one I would like to solve at this time. Perhaps he was hesitating, and I wouldn't blame him. Still, he came, bowed respectfully and stood beside me. I graced him with a smile and a nod. A fake and forced smile; I would have wanted to give him the greeting he deserved, but my spirit was at the depths of some dwarven mines. The long silence that was shared between us was welcome, but still it had to be broken or we would both be here until the next morn. "What…" I started, but did not know what to ask, "…can I do for you?" I sounded very unconvincing. I sighed, and chuckled at my own helplessness. "I do not know if I should laugh with you given the situation, my prince. I could laugh and find humour in how very unfortunate the recent events have been, but somehow I do not find the heart for it. I could also look very grim because I know how deeply wounded all of this have left you, but I do not think that would help." I shook my head slowly resting my forehead in my right hand. "Laugh or cry, both I cannot do, so I content myself with giggling and sighing. How desperate I have become these last few days." "You know I would tell no one." I turned over to glance at Nadron. He was looking at me with compassionate eyes. "Right, but I do not necessarily want to break down in front of you and start wailing like a newborn babe." I winced at the thought and at my capacity to joke in such a state. I signaled him to the spot next to me on the stone veranda, where I was sat cross-legged. Nadron never liked the places I chose to sit on: window sills, parapets, trees and anywhere near edges. According to him, I should not let myself be carried by my elven side and that we should only sit on places meant to be sat on: chairs. Still, tonight, he climbed up the stone veranda and sat next to me without complaining. He waited patiently for me to speak. I breathed in and then out. "My father has lived a good and fulfilling life and has given up on it willingly. I am sad, but I am not agonizing over his death. But then, my lady never told me of her illness because she saw how broken I was when the healers informed me that my father wouldn't have long left to live. When I finally knew, she was already on her dying bed." I looked up towards the night sky and stared at the stars long enough to prevent tears from falling. I took in a deep breath so I could continue speaking. "After he died, I refused to let anyone care for me, thinking my grief was too personal to be shared and that it should burden no one but me. I pushed everyone away, and I pushed her away. I knew I hurt her, but I thought I had the right to be left alone. Being as foolish as I was, I acted like a child and the sadness that I caused her was her final blow. I always told her that I loved her and she agreed to marry me even when she knew nobles would look down on her." I sighed heavily for the umpteenth time today, and tears that earlier threatened to fall now did fall. "How could I have been so blind to all the sacrifices she made for me?" "You were grieving. There are things we cannot see when blinding by sadness." "Still, I should not have pushed you all away. My father was your king as much as he was mine." "You are human, well, you are a being of middle-earth, and like any others, you make mistakes. What is important is that you learn from them and never repeat them again." "But Nadron, the price for my mistakes is too great. If the people saw what a failure of a prince I have been, never would they want me to be their king." "That is nonsense! Your failures pale in comparison to your achievements." "My friend, I am a mess. My mind is a wreck right now and even when I know that I must face my duties, I have no idea from where I should draw my strength." "You are doing it again my prince. You should not make the same mistakes again." I looked at my mentor and furrowed my brows as to show my confusion. "You are not alone in this and you never have been even though that is what you have believed so far. You have always been watching our backs as our leader, and we have always been watching yours." "This and that are different." "Why does it have to be? It is the same, simply a different battlefield with different rules. When you are weak, seek help from the people you know you can trust, and when you are strong, add your strength to theirs so together you may climb the highest mountains." "My father's advisors are still alive. I know them, and I also know that some do not support me and who knows what they will do when they see that I am an unstable ruler." "You are, or soon will be King, and they are advisors. The King chooses who to listen to." "It is not that simple. They have power even if they are called advisors. They are ministers and generals." "Have you friends amongst ministers and generals?" "I do. Some. You know that, you are one of them, why do you ask?" "It is like a battlefield my prince. You have always fought outnumbered and have succeeded many times. You only have to do it again, and not without us by your side." "Everything you say makes sense, and it is a lecture I have tried telling myself, but it is simply hard to do now. I will think about it, but I still need time to overcome my grief." "Indeed you do. No matter how you look at it, you have lost two loved ones in the length time of one week. So please, do take time to overcome your sadness. We will cover you for as long as you need, but do not tarry. Do remember that you still have people who love you who are still alive and also need your attention." I climbed down the veranda. "Thank you, Nadron, you are a cherished friend." He did the same. "I am happy to be of help, and I also wish to deliver a message from your personal guards and knights before I am to be dismissed." "What is it?" "They wish to see you down at the dining hall. I believe they wish to lighten your mood. Please, if you will see them even if only for a short moment for they have been very concerned for your well-being, sire." "I will, Nadron. I will go and meet my friends and reassure them that I will be fine. I just need a moment to myself." "Thank you, sire. I will now take my leave." I nodded. He turned around and left swiftly. After he left, I took a good moment to breathe in the fresh scent of midnight air one last time. I seemed to be breathing a lot these days, strange when there was just no room for air. I exited the balcony and closed the glass doors behind me, then pulled the curtains. I crossed the room towards the exit, but stopped half way in front of the mirror. Nearly twenty seven years have gone by and there was still not a single trace of a beard: I looked so much like my mother, my skin was too fair, and most would have thought me an elf if I did not have round shaped ears. I might not be able to remember my father's face at this rate. I have his black hair and grey eyes, but they are also my mother's black hair and grey eyes. I never liked the way I looked, but Ellen did. She told me often that she saw me as an unworldly being sent to her by the Valars. In the end, I was unworthy of her love: not an unworldly being, but a foolish child. I am left behind with nothing but memories and I do not believe I have the strength to remember them until I am myself sent to the halls of Mendos. No longer staring at my reflection, but the ground, it took me a while to realize that I was shaking and tears were flowing freely down my face onto the carpeted floor. I needed to be strong, or at least I needed to look strong. There is no way I could show this pathetic side of myself to my men. They would feel betrayed because all this time they thought I was strong. I wiped my tears and cleaned my face with the water bowl. I pulled on a light coat and made my way outside of the room and down the hallway on the left. I descended two stairways and stopped right behind the closed doors to the dining hall. "Are you sure he will be coming down tonight?" "Nadron said he would, so he will." "But it has been a while now." "He'll come, I'm sure of it. The prince has always kept his words and Nadron doesn't lie. Well, not for this he wouldn't." "I hope he comes soon because I'm hungry and kind of sleepy." "Right. For some reason, I feel like getting wasted as soon as possible." A loud yawn echoed behind closed doors. Someone smashed hard on the wooden table. "I don't want to hear any of you complain anymore. If you don't want to wait, just get out of this room and do what you will elsewhere." My lips slightly twirled upwards at the captain's words. He was always defending me so obstinately. "I will not tolerate anyone doubting his highness's words. He doesn't need that from his most trusted subjects when his father the king and princess-consort Ellen have both just passed away almost at the same time, and all the idiotic nobles now flooding the castle trying to not very subtly gain power." Captain Keran of the royal guards has always been a very close friend. He was simple minded and that was his forte at times like these. He spoke his mind and acted honorably. His only fault is that he does not swear allegiance to Gondor. He swore his allegiance to a child, and that sometime scares me. Even knowing so, I could never order him to do something that goes against his morals, which he has a lot. I do not doubt he would still abide to my orders, but he would be a broken man. Henceforth, he has only been responsible for keeping me alive. My knights deal with the missions. "Yeah. And all the things about the coronation and the new duties; at least King Elessar felt his end coming and trained the prince beforehand at being king." "Yes. And his mother." I gasped. "What about her majesty the queen?" "What? Queen Arwen can't be dying too. She's an elf!" "That's enough everybody, please." "But she gave her immortality up for the King." My mother, what is it about my mother? "That's not what I said you twits! She's alive and healthy, she's just…" "Enough!" I barged into the room at the same time as everybody was silenced by Keran. He was standing at the long table his back to me. Everyone else