A/N: It's been a while, I realize. And I really wasn't going to write any more. I have been quite busy with life and squeezing in time to bemoan the fact that I don't have the time or energy to write original stuff as much as I would like. But I decided to do this for the February Jily Challenge. It has been a difficult few months - for us all, I suspect - and I wanted to do something to give back to the community that has always been so generous to me whenever I was struggling. I think this will likely remain a one-shot, but there have been some ideas percolating that might come to the surface if given proper encouragement. I'd like to dedicate this to petalstofish, who I've had the pleasure of talking to for the past few weeks. I've recently become more aware of the incredibly vibrant Jily fan fiction writer base on Tumblr and encourage you all to check it out, as well. And without any further ado... Setting Sail by Molly Raesly He didn't order rum. Not this time and not in a long while. But he wanted to. He wanted to very much. He wanted to get right drunk. He wanted to be sloppy and slurring and staggering and to have to be dragged out of the pub and into bed. He wanted to have hazy rum dreams and wake up late the next morning still in a daze. He wanted to skip roll call and stay all day tucked under his covers. He wanted to cure his hangover with more rum and then repeat the process all over again. "Cheers, mate," he thanked the barkeep when the tall man with a graying beard slid him a pint of ale. With keen precision, he tossed a silver coin to the man, who caught it deftly and pocketed it with a nod. It had been years since he'd been properly rum drunk. He barely drank now. Not when there was work to do and offices to maintain. He did his best not to grimace at the weakness of the flavor when he took his first long swig. It tasted just as it looked: like piss. But piss-tasting ale was what he had signed on for. Well, not exactly. He hadn't known at the time that the ale would always taste like piss, and rum would no longer be allowed. He hadn't known how lonely he'd get and how stir-crazy so much time spent on land would make him feel. He hadn't known she'd be miles and miles away and that they wouldn't be able to write—not even in code. He hadn't known a lot about what he'd agreed to back then. He'd just known there was no choice but to agree—not for him. And not for her either. But he had known that, at least. He set his pint down and gazed at his uniform and its shiny gold buttons and stiff collar. He longed to free himself from the starchy prison of his clothing almost as much as he desired to run his fingers through his short hair again. But his messy haircut had long been replaced by a neat ponytail—fitting of his station as a cartographer in Her Majesty's Navy. His hair, like the rest of his life, was regimented. He woke up every morning with the dawn. He ate a balanced breakfast and dressed neatly in his required attire. He was always at least five minutes early to his post. He saluted and addressed his superiors as "sir." He read his maps. He ate lunch with those in his station. He went back to his post and read more maps. He went home for the night, except on Tuesdays, when he went to the pub first to drink piss-tasting ale. He carefully took off his uniform so as not to damage the creases and folds. He ate dinner alone. He went to sleep. If he was lucky, he didn't dream. If he was really lucky, he dreamt of red hair and redder lips. He fought the urge to groan. Circe, he would have liked some rum. Fiddling with the gold compass in his pocket, he glanced around at the other drinkers in the pub. Mostly middle-aged men thick around the belly and all tired from the tedium of a day of unfulfilling work. It was pretty standard for a night in Godric's Hollow. He recognized every face he saw. That was good. It made his job easier. He thought about leaving this pub and his half-full ale to go to a real pub—a place with strangers and music and the opportunity for mischief. He even thought about going back to his post to peruse some more maps before his exhausted eyes failed him or his candle burnt out. But instead he took another swill of his ale, winced, and bit his lip to keep the liquid down. He only needed to stay a little longer. The barkeep returned after about ten minutes. "Anything else for you, Lieutenant?" He shook his head. "Headed home for the night." The barkeep nodded and took the extra silver coin offered as tip. "See you next week," he said as he left his stool and headed for the door. He pulled at his navy coat's lapels and braced himself for the windy chill of the night air. It was only when he had made it back to his small abode and locked every door that he reached for the scroll the barkeep had slipped into his coat pocket. It was sealed as expected: purple wax and a phoenix insignia. But the content of the scroll was not what he expected at all, and his curiosity piqued when he spotted the emerald ink etched in scrawled letters: Dear Lieutenant, Our old friend has gone on a trip. He's lost one of his socks. The Old Man sends his love, but he won't be able to write for some time. He'll be busy looking for an answer to his riddle. He knows you are fond of the sea. He's left a gift for you where the students disappear each year. He worries you might be lonely without him. Perhaps you should get some familiar faces together to keep you company. Her Majesty's Navy is known for its skilled and brave men. It is a testament to their training that they can endure even while losing a member. Yours, The Cat Lady He read the scroll four of five times carefully, and each time his grin widened. When he was satisfied, he burned the parchment, grabbed his coat, and was out the door. London was first. He found Padfoot in a tattoo parlor drawing ink on his own arm. He fought the urge to roll his eyes at this, and his fingers found the gold compass in his pocket that he often fiddled with, more as an unconscious habit than anything else in the past few years, as he had had no use for such a fine instrument on land. He released it and then used the same hand to grab Padfoot by the scruff of the neck. "You, scalawag, I'd like a private word to discuss an important matter. I am with Her Majesty the Queen's Navy. It seems you have not paid your taxes for many years. I've been charged with coming to collect." "Am I in trouble, sir?" Padfoot asked, smirking. He sighed in mock solemnity. "I dare say so, young man." Padfoot sighed too. His gray eyes glinted. "What a pity. I do hate trouble." When they were alone, he quickly told him in hushed tones about the Cat Lady's note and the Old Man's request. Padfoot was all curses and wolfish grins. "We can finally get the Phoenix crew back together," he whispered. "It's time at last." "Thank the stars. I couldn't take this excuse for laying low anymore. Your hair makes you look like a right pillock by the way, Lieutenant." He ignored his friend's attempt at a salute and pulled him into a fierce embrace. "I have missed you, brother." "Aye," Padfoot agreed. "More than you know." Padfoot rolled up his sleeves to reveal the many paw prints, ship's anchors, and scantily clad women on his ink-covered forearms. "So who do we find next?" Moony was working as a carpenter in Leeds. When he saw the two men as they approached, he excused himself from his master. "Afternoon, Lieutenant," Moony greeted the taller of the two men with a soft voice. "Good day, gentlemen." "I hope you're carrying him off to justice, Lieutenant," Moony said with a wry look in Padfoot's direction. "Doesn't look right in the head, that one." "Oi!" "Aye, keen eye you have there, sir. Might I borrow your assistance for a moment?" Moony pushed the hair away from his face. He exchanged words with his master and followed the two men into an alleyway. The long scars on his face were barely visible as his lips betrayed a sly smile. His hair had grown shaggy; it nearly covered his eyes entirely. "I was worried I'd have to build a ship of my own before you came." Padfoot smirked. "Well at least you'll be more useful now than you were before." "I was plenty useful before," Moony retorted. "No one knows the pulling of the tide like me. Saved your life more than half a dozen times, might I remind you." Moony rubbed his hands together. "Who else do we have to get?" "Everyone." Moony smiled. "Yes, that will do nicely." They found Wormtail working in a bakery in Birmingham kneading dough and baking bread. He snuck a few rolls on his way out the door. Next was Hestia Jones and then the Prewett twins in Bristol. They came easily; she gave Sirius a nice slap first. Meadowes in Liverpool and Fenwick followed soon after in Yorkshire. Vance, Longbottom, and McKinnon in Cardiff made an even dozen. But there was still one more, and he would not leave without her. "Thirteen's unlucky," Padfoot told him. He laughed. "I'll take my chances." "She might not want to see you. Not after the goodbye you two had." He only laughed again. "I'll take my chances." He knew he would find her at the Port of Spinner's End. He knew exactly what pub she worked in. When nights were cold, and he really, really wanted some rum, sometimes he would spend hours fiddling with the gold compass in his pocket and staring at where she would be on one of his maps and trying to guess her exact location. He could hear the crowd within the closest he came to the door. Singing and arguing and laughing. The smell of warm meat and drink overwhelmed him as he swung open the entrance door. Even before his first foot had set on the dirty floor, his eyes found her behind the bar. A drumming began in his heart. He thought that perhaps it had forgotten this particular rhythm after years of piss-ale and cold map rooms, but his heart thumped just as eagerly as it had the first time he met her. Given all the practice and energy he had put into remembering her over the last few years, it seemed unfair that his mind could never imagine her quite as lovely as she was standing a mere thirty feet away from him. Not the curve of her chin nor the exact color of her eyes. The fullness of her lips nor the shine of her red hair. The shape of her body was different now that she was no longer seventeen. He would need to work to commit this new image to memory. But there was time for that. "Oi, Red!" he called out to her—quite unable to hide the smugness in his voice—because there she was and he finally had set eyes on her again. "Can I get a pint