Author's Note: I haven't written HG before but I wanted to have a shot at it. I apologize if there are a few mistakes… or more. I haven't written in a long time. HG belongs to Suzanne Collins Letters were now piled up at the door. Capitol citizens who passed eyed the mess but didn't say anything. The occupant of the apartment was never seen, nor heard from. Most thought the apartment was empty, the owner never to return from the rebellion. However, many knew it was still occupied because of the screams that came from the person inside, when all the lights in the capitol were turned off. Effie would wake up thrashing and crying. She remembered everything from her time held captive. The torture she endured and the torture she watched and heard Peeta and the prep-teams go through. Most nights, she dreamt of the torture she watched Peeta go through. She blamed herself for what happened to him, as well as Katniss. Some nights she dreamt things that never happened. Like, Haymitch being drowned in his favoured refreshment. She would try and reach for him but she never got to him in time. Peacekeepers tore her away from him before she could grab hold of his hand. Kicking and screaming she would call for him to keep swimming but as the door closed he would become lifeless. The dreams of Katniss were always the same. Effie would be running through a forest, screaming for Katniss but she would always find her dead with Prim, Gale and her mother. As she would turn around, she would see the dead bodies of all tributes she had put into the games. At her feet would be Haymitch. His lifeless eyes always got to her the most. After waking from her dreams, she would start her day. She always kept to her capitol finery; wanting to desperately blend in with everyone else. Nothing really changed. Except for the end of the games, that came with the current president wanting peace. She wondered how long it would stay that way. After dressing and eating a few bites of her breakfast, she would head out the door. Usually, she went to a quiet park and watched children play. At 36 years of age, she hoped to of had a child. It didn't seem to be destined to happen for her though. She only loved one man in truth. Sure, she had dated but he was always in the back of her mind. At a young age, Effie was aware of him, but he wasn't until she became escort, as were the rest. When Effie went to the park, everything was relatively quiet. Except on this day it was like no one existed. There were only a select few children playing and their guardians watching on and chatting to one another. Usually there would be a group of people doing workouts of some sort, but there were not too many of those either. Looking at her watch Effie decided to leave her usual spot and start her shopping early. It upset her schedule but something was unnerving and she only wanted to put distance between herself and the park. She arrived at her regular coffee shop within 10 minutes. The short walk calming her nerves, "You're early today Miss Trinket." The coffee maker called. Effie smiled, "Yes, I thought change might be good for once." Lying had become as easy as breathing. She had to plant a smile on her face and act upbeat for the capitol entertainment for many years. "It can be yes. Just the usual black?" Effie just nodded and looked around at the crowd. It seemed everyone was here. "Everyone has come here today. Have you heard the news then?" The barista asked eyeing her off curiously. Effie shook her head slowly, a little confused. "No. What news should I have heard?" His face fell and he became slightly uneasy, "Oh… it's nothing really." He sighed and spoke so fast Effie was unsure she heard him correctly. "The District 12 victors are in the capitol." Effie froze and dropped the coffee she was just handed. "I have to go." She said as she handed the money over and left. She walked briskly home, it wasn't far, but she did not want to be spotted. Chin held high and a smile on her face she turned the corner to her apartment, keeping an eye out for familiar faces. She saw none thankfully and headed for her apartment. Once inside she fell to the floor. Questions began flying through her mind. Had they even called? She hadn't been answering calls, nor checking her messages. Maybe they wrote about their intended trip. I should check my mail. She shook her head. Once, she opened a letter, it was also the last time. It had been from her father. Effie, Your mother and I hope you are okay. We know you went through a lot. Call us soon. Let us know you are okay and alive. We haven't heard anything since Hay… Effie had stopped reading as she saw his name. Their last conversation had ended horribly. Fall of accusations and hurtful words. She had left Haymitch's life. He had tried hold onto her but the tear between them was all her decision. He was all the manners and graces she should have been. Breathing in deeply she decided it was time to check her mail; Effie opened the door and grabbed the boxes that had accumulated over the past 8 months. After hearing that they were in the Capitol, memories clouded her mind and sent her into a craze. She attacked the job at hand with all her organisation skills. Government letters, friends, family, Escort Association. One letter she was unsure if it was meant for her. The Capitol Hospital had sent her a letter. Deciding that being the only one of its kind and being recent she should open it. Her eyes scanning it carefully she gasped. The psychiatrist had requested her attendance in a meeting for today. Looking at the clock she still had time. Glancing at the phone she had a few messages that needed to be attended to also. She would finish her sorting once she returned home from her appointment. The letter said if she would not attend then a visit would be made to her home. That was the last thing she wanted. Effie had to admit, she had not been herself. Though, she had made a huge improvement. Instead of hiding in her home like she had in the first 4 months, she had slowly started to shower and eat more frequently. She ventured outside for walks and shopping trips. She had made contact with the barista… the only person she spoke to. Until today, she hadn't opened letters or answered the phone. She hardly heard the phone ring now. If anyone came to her door, she would lock herself in another room. Friends stopped trying as did her parents. Of course, the psychiatrist she had been seeing previously had helped. Though, since that one left she had no returned. She kept a diary of everything she had to do and did. It had helped. She supposed 4 months since her last visit was a bit irresponsible. Though there were things she was supposed to do within that time. Make contact with family, friends and previous co-workers. None had happened. She wouldn't think of it. Upon her arrival Effie noticed the crowd around the hospital. Reporters were scattered everywhere. She wondered why. Surely it was not connected to the surprise visit. There, unfortunately, was no other way she could reach the psychiatrist office, without going through the crowd. Before she could turn around, a report had spotted her, "Miss Trinket!" Suddenly, all of them had turned around. Flashes in her face and words were not forming in her head. She heard, "Haymitch,", "Star Crossed Lovers,", "Any contact between…" She wanted to crumple and hide but before she could, she felt a hand on her arm. "Beat it!" Effie looked up to the voice, Johanna Mason. She yanked Effie through the crowd and through the doors. All Effie had to do was keep her feet moving. Thankfully, heels were out of fashion briefly. Flats were the new love of footwear; probably for the convenience of running away. Once inside, Johanna let go, she still had hatred in her eyes. She looked out of place. She was dark and angry and the building was peaceful and bright. The tall white walls and polished floor made Johanna look more menacing than ever. Especially with all the anger in her eyes; Effie was not sure how she passed for weak during her games. "So you finally showed. Katniss and Peeta have been waiting for days!" Johanna yelled, "After everything you put them through you still don't care about anyone but yourself. Can't believe Haymitch wanted you alive. He said you were different to the rest of your kind." Before Effie could ask, Johanna stormed away. Effie didn't know what she meant about Haymitch wanting her alive. All she knew was she was left behind… after everything. All the years of being there for each other, through the games of course, Haymitch didn't tell her anything and she suffered because of it. Never would she have betrayed him, she cared too much. Tears began to spill down her face, she covered her mouth and began to walk to her appointment. She hadn't known, however, that Peeta was seeking her out, after Johanna told him of Effie's arrival. He went to greet her. When he heard a small sob, he stopped. Bracing himself for a hysterical Effie. Although, when he went to round the corner, Effie strode past. Tears were silently running down her face. She hadn't seen him though. He was confused as to why she wouldn't find him and Katniss. He wrote to her, telling her everything. Even though she never returned contact, he thought she might have read the letter after all. He watched her walk down the hall and turned the corner to psychiatrists. It dawned on him; maybe there was a reason as to her not making contact. Peeta turned back the other way. He would speak to Effie sooner or later. That was a promise he silently made to himself. Putting his hands in his pockets, he walked back to the room. It was thanks to Effie that he was alive… and Haymitch. They teamed up and got them through their games. Haymitch had the experience and knowledge of how things really are. Effie had her caring, maternal nature. She was kind of the glue to them. She kept them together. Annoying as she was. Peeta felt like Effie made a difference to their little family. She was there for them. On several occasions, he saw her comforting Haymitch. Tenderly she would hold his face and speak softly to him. He saw her helping him to his room and she wouldn't leave for hours. Only a few times he saw that. He assumed she was making sure Haymitch didn't touch the alcohol hidden in his room. Despite what Katniss thought, Effie had cleared Peeta out of the room after Haymitch had thrown up on the train. She told him Haymitch was a grown man and could clean himself. She ushered him out of the room and told him to get some sleep for the big, big, big day ahead. Sometimes, he thought there was more going on between the two. "Peeta!" At the sound of his voice, Peeta looked up, Katniss running to him. Despair on her face. He held his arms out to her so she was crying into his shoulder. Effie had a quiet session. It was more of a check-up. The psychiatrist agreed she was doing far better than expected. The nightmares were believed to never truly leave, but eventually will reduce. The