The maroon doors of the cafeteria flew open and made a resounding bang against the wall. Every head snapped towards the sound. As teenagers, we're pretty nosey so it was no surprise when conversations came to halt. Everyone wanted to know what was going on. I even leaned around Alice to get a better look. You have no shame, Swan. Very true. He marched into the room, his 6'1 frame tense and toned in all of my favorite places. His arms were hugged by the sleeves of his black and white baseball tee. As one of his best friends, I have had the pleasure of seeing him shirtless on many occasions, like trips to La Push, or when Emmett dumped glitter on him last year during the homecoming float decoration. Rose had called him Chippendale for a week. The only thing out of place was his pissed off expression. His brows, that matched his almost bronze hair, were furrowed and his cupid's bow was pulled into a tight line. Emmett and Jasper flanked him and didn't look happy either; lips set in deep frowns. Everyone leaned forward when Jessica ran into the room, almost stumbling as she came to a halting stop. Her red eyes and tear streaked cheeks made it clear that she was upset. "Edward, please!" She shoved herself between Emmett and Jasper and grabbed the back of Edward's shirt. I tried not to stare too intently as the fabric pulled taut across his chest. Bless the Lord, Esme, and Carlisle . Edward whipped around, forcing her to let go of his shirt and took a step away from her. "You're embarrassing yourself, Jessica. Please stop," he said. His voice was strained. It reminded me of the time his mom rearranged his room when we were fourteen. He had spoken in a voice just like the one he was using now before he blew a fuse. Of course, he had apologized not even ten minutes later. I didn't think he'd be apologizing for anything said today. "You can't break up with me! Prom is in two weeks. What am I supposed to do?" she said. He opened his mouth to reply but she continued yelling. "Your mom is going to be furious. She loves me!" Wrong move, Jess. Never bring Mama Cullen into an argument. Jasper and Emmett looked at each other and took a large step back. Jasper, especially, looked mildly uncomfortable with the irritation that seemed to rolling off of Edward in waves. I looked around and noticed a few smirks on people's faces. It didn't surprise me in the least bit. Jessica was a bitch. She acted like a tyrant most of the time. I had been present on the few occasions that she had managed to make some underclassmen cry. Classy Edward sighed deeply, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "Look Jessica, I'm being pretty nice here considering everything. One, I don't give two shits about who you go to prom with. You didn't care about me when you were –" he pauses to take another deep breath. "Two, my mother is too nice to say this to your face but she can't stand you or your gossiping mother. She sure as hell won't like you when finds out you cheated on me. Twice!" "I mean come on, Mike frickin' Newton! Does he know you slept with Tyler, his best friend?" Gasps and whispers started all around the room. "I'm done with you." Edward turned away and marched towards the lunch line, his stride long and heavy. Rosalie turned from the scene to look at us, a mischievous glint in her eyes when she locked eyes with me. "Maybe now he'll realize you've been right in front of him all along." "Rose, no talking and chewing!" Alice said with an appalled look. "Yes, Rose that's very unladylike," I chimed in, ignoring her comment. She replied with an eye roll. "Yeah, cause you know all about being a lady," she murmured. I rolled my eyes but didn't indulge her with a response. Edward and I met in sixth grade when I first moved to Forks, Washington. My mom Renee had realized that she was too adventurous and a bit too reckless to take care of a child the way she should. So, I found myself being shipped off to live with my father, Charlie. On my first day, Alice had excitedly welcomed me into their little group, saying the gang was finally all here. The others didn't argue. It sounds cliché but I was pretty sure my heart stopped the first time I saw Edward in art class. It wasn't the awesome red Iron Man shirt that caught my attention, but his odd hair and green eyes. He smiled at me and asked me if I needed to borrow his scissors. I had shyly nodded and accepted them. We had been friends ever since. The others were not ignorant to my feelings for Edward. I watched him grow into a gorgeous guy, who was nice to pretty much everyone, as long as you were a decent person. As we got older, girls like Jessica started to fawn over him. I'll admit I was intimidated by them. I'm not saying I'm not decent looking, but I could care less about what's trending and who's dating who. I'd much rather sit around reading a book or even taking some swings at the batting cages even though I'd miss the ball most of the time. With my dad raising me, I became a bit of a tomboy. No shame in that. It just seemed that Edward was attracted to girly girls and I can't be mad at him for that. To each their own. As usual, Alice had popped over to my house this morning and harassed me about my outfit choice. I escaped having been coerced into a tight pair of dark-wash skinny jeans and ballet flats. I had managed to get away with my blue and white striped Avengers t-shirt. I was brought back to the present when Emmett sat down across from me grinning. His large form was hard to miss; wide shoulders and arms that looked like they could bend steel. You would think he would be a jackass, he is. But, he's also a goofball. His brown curly hair and mischievous blue eyes destroyed all feelings of intimidation I felt when I first met him. "Nice shirt, Bells," he complimented. "Thanks, Em." Jasper lowered his lean form onto the bench across from Alice and I could see his cheeks go pink when she gave him a small smile. We all knew they were meant for each other, but neither had stepped up and shared their feelings. Alice had said something about waiting for the right moment. She always said weird things like that. On the other hand, Rose and Emmett had been straight forward in telling each other what they wanted back in seventh grade. There were plenty of times where we all wished they wouldn't be so straightforward about their relationship, especially when it came to public displays of affection. I had seen their tongues intertwined more than my stomach could stand. I wondered briefly what next year would be like without them scarring my corneas after they graduated in a few weeks. "Who knew Eddie could be so badass," Rosalie said just as Edward reached our table. He glared at her but didn't respond as he dropped his tray on the table haphazardly, his poor bottle of water falling over. We all knew he hated being called Eddie. "I totally did," Alice said. "If you need a hug, I'm sure Bells would be happy to hold you close," Emmett said with a huge grin. He loved to work my nerves. I would have kicked him but I would probably do more damage to my own foot than I would to his massive limbs. "Hardy har," I said rolling my eyes before I turned to Edward, "If you need one of my famous hugs, I will offer one as a last resort to maintain your emotional stability," I told him, being admittedly a little cheeky. The others chuckled around us. Edward narrowed his green eyes at me as he smirked. "I'll keep that in mind. You do give good hugs." "You would think her little arms wouldn't do much but …" Alice trailed off playfully. "Shut up, I could break you in half," I said. The table erupted into laughter, Emmett's booming voice standing out. For the rest of the week, Jessica did seemingly everything she could to get Edward to forgive her. He in return did everything he could to avoid her; being the first one out of class, staying late after football practice under the guise of discussing plays with the coach. He even ate lunch out on the field sometimes, the rest of us joining him in his hiding. We avoided all discussion of the ex-girlfriend, as if like Lord Voldemort, she would appear if someone spoke her name; a taboo placed on the syllables. A week later, she was on Mike's arm, who obviously didn't care that she had slept with his best friend. It was that or he simply wanted to rub it in Edward's face that he was with her. Edward didn't seem fazed. On Saturday afternoon, I was lying on my back staring at the ceiling. My headphones were in and music was playing but I had somehow muted it in my mind. My mind was on what I was going to do today. Charlie had gone to the reservation to go fishing with Billy Black and Harry Clearwater, leaving me money to order a pizza later. Emmett and Rosalie were out in Seattle at his cousin's wedding and in an event that made us all shout "Finally!", Jasper had finally made a move on Alice. They were spending the day in Port Angeles. I hadn't heard from Edward and I wasn't sure how I felt about hanging out with him by myself anymore. When he was with Jessica, it was easy for me to shut out the voices in the back of head that spewed lovey dovey words of adoration because I wasn't the type of girl to encroach on someone's relationship. If he was happy, I accept my role as best friend. Now that he was unattached, it seemed like I didn't know how to act around him. This wasn't eighth grade anymore, he had grown up and it was hard to keep the truth from falling from my lips. I was pulled from my thoughts as my phone began to vibrate. I huffed and rolled over and face planted into my pillow. I had been lying in the same spot for so long that I no longer wanted to get out of bed. The vibrations continued near my head so with a groan I shoved my hand under my pillow and grabbed the lazy day interrupting device. "Hello." I'm sure my greeting sounded less than welcoming. "Hi, Bella. This is Esme," her soft said. I rolled onto my back and shot up into the upright position. "Hey, Esme. How's it going?" Esme had never called me sounding so serious. Hell, the only time she and I spoke on the phone was last year when she wanted my help planning a surprise birthday for Edward. She was a sweet woman who cared deeply for those around her. "Things would be going better if Edward would get out of bed. I went to check in on him this morning and he refused to get up. I asked him what was going on but he won't tell me." He hadn't told her about Jessica? Edward had always fairly close with his parents, so I was surprised that he didn't share this development with them. Esme continued, bringing my attention back to our conversation. "I was wondering if you could come over and drag him back