I do not own Harry Potter. Here we are, the sixth installment of the Chosen Girl series. Not going to lie, this book is my least favourite, so let's see what happens, ha ha. I know it's been a while, but I hope you'll join me for yet another journey. Of Dursleys and Dumbledore The tawny owl sat on the edge of the window sill, ruffling its feathers as it waited patiently. A white cat stretched out on the end of the bed, eyeing the bird closely. Snowflake might have attempted to leap at it, but her owner was right beside her and she would not approve of such behaviour. Charlotte Potter read the short letter that had been delivered to her, hardy daring to believe her good fortune. It was a message from Dumbledore, informing her that he would come to pick her up in three days' time to take her to the Burrow, where one of her best friends lived with his large family, if she was willing. She quickly scribbled an answer at the bottom of the parchment and handed it back to the owl, where it spread its wings and flew off to deliver it. "Well," she said aloud, reaching over to pull down her bedroom window, preventing the air-conditioning from escaping into the humid summer evening. "That didn't take long at all." Charlie expected that she would spend some of her summer vacation at the Weasleys, but not so soon, considering they were a little over a week into the holidays. She wondered briefly about the other bit of information Dumbledore had included in his letter, requesting her assistance with an errand, but didn't dwell too much on it. She would find out in three days and now she had more pressing matters to attend to. As in informing her magic-hating relatives that once again there would be a wizard appearing at their home. Running her fingers through her tangled raven hair, Charlie heaved out a sigh of dread and ventured out of her room. She skipped down the stairs and glanced into the living room, where she was not surprised to see her uncle and cousin parked in front of the television. She could hear her aunt bustling around in the kitchen, no doubt scrubbing the countertops until they gleamed. "Um, Uncle Vernon—" "What are you standing there for?" he barked, predictably cutting her off before she finished her sentence. "Go help your aunt in the kitchen! She shouldn't be cleaning up your mess, ungrateful girl." With a serenity and patience mastered after sixteen years of living under Dursley rule, Charlie merely nodded and walked into the kitchen. Petunia eyed her beadily when she entered, mouth twisting into a sharp frown. "I don't want see a single speck of dirt," she ordered, thrusting over her rubber gloves and cleaning supplies. "I know." Charlie snapped on the gloves and took over the chore of washing the food-encrusted dishes. "Everything must sparkle." "Don't get smart with me. It's about time you helped out around here." Charlie did not offer a rebuttal, for while she did more than her fair share of work over the years, she had been spending most of her time in her room this particular summer. "I know," she repeated. "Er, Aunt Petunia…" The woman paused near the kitchen entryway. "What?" she asked without turning her head. Her tone of voice was suspicious, as though she knew she was about to hear something she would not like. There were many unflattering words to describe her aunt, but Charlie would never call her stupid. She knew much more than she let on. "I received a letter a few minutes ago. Professor Dumbledore said he was going to come around in three days, at eleven at night." She didn't bother asking if Petunia remembered who Dumbledore was—considering the man was the one who delivered her to Number Four Privet Drive when she was a baby, she didn't think she would forget him anytime soon. The way her aunt's face rapidly paled, she knew she was right. "He's coming here?" she hissed furiously. "What for?" "He's going to bring me to the Burrow, where my friend lives. I'm going to spend the rest of my summer there." Petunia's face gained a tiny bit of colour, the prospect of having Charlie out of house much sooner than expected minutely easing the blow of the unwanted news of yet another magical visitor. For most of the year the Dursleys could pretend they were a normal family, and the longer they could stretch that façade out the better. "Why does he have to come here?" she asked sharply. "Why can't you meet him somewhere?" Charlie shrugged. "I'm not really supposed to leave the house." She didn't give a reason why, but Petunia understood, and the atmosphere morphed into a tense silence. Petunia knew of Voldemort, and while she didn't know the details, she comprehended the danger Voldemort presented and that was more than enough. "I don't like riff-raff thinking they can intrude on my house whenever they feel like it," Petunia said with a scowl. "This is all your fault." "Yeah. Sorry. I don't think he'll stay long. I don't really have a way to tell him he can't drop by." Charlie didn't bother to mention that she had a choice in the matter and that she didn't have to go to the Weasleys. But she figured that despite the increase in magical people trespassing into their home, the Dursleys would suffer through if it meant she would be out of their sight earlier than anticipated. She also didn't bother to mention that she could mentally contact Harry Lupin to send word of declination, her twin brother with which she shared a telepathic connection. It would require too much explanation and she decided that it would be best for everyone if her relatives never learned of a second Potter child. They would have a breakdown and she doubted Harry would be able to withstand their arrogance for even five minutes. "Do you want me to tell Uncle Vernon?" "No," said Petunia immediately. "I'll do it." She swept out of the kitchen and Charlie continued cleaning, awaiting the outburst. It was barely two minutes later when her uncle barrelled into the space, purple-faced and shouting, while Dudley watched from the doorway. Charlie endured the screams and insults and eventually Vernon blustered himself out. Grumbling under his breath, he stormed back into the living room, because Charlie suspected that deep down he knew there was nothing he could do about it. A couple hours later she finished cleaning, the entire kitchen glittering under the fluorescent lighting. She brought a tray of tea and small cakes into the living room and set it quietly on the coffee table in front of her relatives before retreating upstairs. She felt the hostility decrease into simmering anger, and she figured she appeased them somewhat. She hadn't spent over a decade under their roof without learning some tricks. … On the evening of Dumbledore's arrival, Charlie sat in her wooden chair next to the window. She was currently reading the Daily Prophet , the Muggle newspaper sitting on her desk. She flicked her gaze from the article to the darkening sky through the glass pane. Though she felt some excitement over her soon-to-be freedom, it was dampened by the news she was reading. The Brockdale bridge collapsing, the sudden hurricane tearing through West Country. The bridge was under investigation to see if there was a failure in parts, but Charlie knew. A whole bridge in good shape did not just crumble by itself, and the thick mist that appeared during the hurricane was not natural. Charlie grit her teeth together, fingers digging into the paper. Now that Voldemort had been exposed, he wasn't trying to be discreet any longer. He was on a rampage and not even the Muggle world was safe. She thrust the Daily Prophet aside and let her head fall back, eyes closing. Amelia Bones, who had supported her when Fudge tried to expel her from Hogwarts last year, had been killed. So had Emmeline Vance, who had been a member of the Order and helped her get out of Privet Drive. Cornelius Fudge had been fired from his position and Rufus Scrimgeour, whose name she had heard a few times over the year, had taken his place. Despite not telling anyone about her exploits at the Ministry of Magic more than a month ago, the news had broken out, though she was not surprised. Over a dozen Aurors had seen her and Voldemort, and though no one knew the whole story, people had liberty to make their own connections. A reporter caught wind of the Hall of Prophecy and though no Ministry worker confirmed its existence, people were beginning to believe that it was a sign. She had been promoted from the Girl-Who-Lived to the Chosen One. It left an uncomfortable feeling in her gut. Included with the Daily Prophet was a pamphlet on practices to protecting against the Dark forces. Charlie skimmed over it and was disappointed when she found it not very helpful. But she supposed she shouldn't be so critical. There was only so much you could do against the most powerful wizard in existence. ' Everything okay?' Harry's voice cut through her brooding and she startled slightly. 'Geez. I wish there was a warning to know when you're going to talk to me.' ' I figured you'd still be up. You're pretty miserable for someone who is about to come party at the Burrow.' ' Sorry. Didn't mean to spread my dark mood. I was reading the newspaper.' ' It's not looking so good. But there's nothing you can do about it.' ' That's what makes it ten times worse. I'm helpless. Voldemort is out there and I'll be going back to school soon enough. It doesn't seem right.' ' Newspapers like the drama. You don't have to take the Chosen One stuff seriously.' ' You know the prophecy. It's me. There's no one else.' ' Worrying about it now isn't going to help. I'm sure you'll know when the time is right. The fact that you so badly want to go against Voldemort as soon as possible is so brave.' ' But charging into battle without a plan is as good as a death wish. I know, I know.' Charlie gave her head a slight shake. 'I think too much, but hey, I'm a Ravenclaw. I am happy to get to see you and the others. Have I missed anything?' ' Not really. Everyone's really anxious to see you, though. Dobby is practically dancing around the place.' The streetlight in front of the Dursley household suddenly went out, plunging the area into pure darkness. Charlie got out of her chair grabbed hold of her trunk and cat carrier, starting to drag them out of her bedroom. 'Professor Dumbledore is here. I'll see you shortly.' ' See you!' Charlie jogged down the stairs, her trunk clattering against the steps. When she reached the landing she set her carrier on top and rested her broomstick against the wall just as the doorbell rang. She quickly answered it and swung the door open. "Hello, Charlotte," Dumbledore greeted pleasantly. A quick once-over reassured the man that she was fine. "I expect you have told your relatives of my arrival?" "Yeah. They're in the living room." "Wonderful. Let us join them." Eyes widening a fraction, Charlie stepped aside to let Dumbledore in. "Um…" She eyed him hesitantly, from his black cloak and pointed hat to his impressive silver beard. She knew full well the Dursleys would not appreciate Dumbledore staying for a chat, but she also knew that Dumbledore was well aware of this. "Okay." She let Dumbledore go first and flinched at the choked splutter of her uncle at his appearance. She hastily moved to stand beside her headmaster, eyeing her