Original Chapter, the first one had been cut a bit, as well as a few people and situations had been switched, so here you'll see what really happened. Only showing this because Mademoiselle Choas asked me too, and since she's a very good friend, and has always given me good advice I thought what the hell. There is actually a poll, take it to help me see which version will stay and which will be booted off. Chapter One Runaway Bride Every girls dream wedding is what they called it. A beautiful three tier white cake sprinkled with soft pink petals that were edible, as well as giving the cake an innocence and purity of its own, pink and white rose's everywhere you turned in bouquets and scattered petals, warm sun rays, sand beneath your feet. A gorgeous groom, who would die for his precious and beloved bride to be; it was as they had repetitively called it 'Every girls dream wedding' . As true as that might have been, it was every girls dream wedding minus Renesmee's As she stared at her dolled up self in the vanity mirror, her short bronze colored curly hair had been straightened and was put back in a French twist, and her side bangs swept across her forehead. Her makeup simple, lips pink from lip gloss, and light blush. She was no longer a rapidly growing little child any more, no now she was as her family called her a young woman, funny thing was, was that she didn't feel like a young woman, she still felt like a child. Eighteen years ago to this day, she'd been imprinted on by Jacob Black, alpha leader to the Black shifting wolves pack of La Push, and old and dear friend to her mother and ex-rival to her father. While she looked like the poster child of the perfect sweet, innocent bride to be, on the inside she was nothing like what she looked like. After staring at herself she found that the person in the reflection was not who she was, that was someone else. She cried as she hit the mirror, breaking it, she watched as it shattered into little shards of glass. Looking down at the pieces of mirror she picked one up to look at herself, loathing what she saw. It was not her, none of it was her, that man out there was not for her, the wedding was not for her, it was all for her reflection, the person they wanted her to be, she may not be able to tell anyone who she really was, not knowing herself being as she was never allowed to be herself, but, she knew the difference between herself and the person in her reflection. Taking a deep shaky breath as she stood up smoothing out her dress; as per usual she hadn't been allowed to choose her clothes, though thankfully, Alice had been thoughtful enough to pick something not so childish. Her dress was simple. White with cap sleeves, a sweetheart neckline, empire waist, knee length, and a pink sash, tied into a big bow at the middle of her back- courteous of her mother, her shoes were simple white sandals too finish it off, they never allowed her to wear high heels. Bobby had wanted the wedding in the sunlight, meaning the only guest were the Cullen Coven & the Packs, Bobby being the chosen one to marry them. The Cullen's paid for everything, and the pack wanted it where they wanted the wedding to be, and choose who was to marry her and Jacob. The wedding ceremony was to be finished with a kiss right when the sun set, and the darkness came upon all of them. Another deep intake of breath as she willed her feelings to change for the gorgeous shifter waiting for her outside, but alas nothing happened, nothing changed. Jacob was still Jacob; she was still Renesmee; the one who was still not feeling any romantic feelings for the one that did feel them for her. "Nessie?" A twinkling voice asked. Renesmee blinked and turned, finding Alice and Rosalie staring at her with identical worried expressions, quickly she placed her mask back on and wiped at her eyes as she spoke only to be cut off quickly by her pixie like aunt. "I'm sorry I didn't hear you come-" "-You can't do it can you?" Alice asked as moved closer to her Those simple words shattered all thoughts, and breaking through the façade she'd worn since she was fifteen years old. "Excuse me?" She feigned nonfathombalness "We heard the crash … are you okay?" Rosalie asked as she moved closer to look her over, obviously she didn't catch what Alice said. "Nessie." Alice called again, not giving up on her and trying to get the words to come from her mouth. "You don't have to do this; you don't have to go through with this." She continued, those words caught Rosalie's attention, and immediately the blonde was speaking up, oblivious to what was really being said. "She's just getting cold feet, everyone's felt it before ….. Well except Bella, she was getting cold feet when it came to the idea of being engaged." Renesmee spoke finally, her perfect mask cracking slowly. "Please just shut up." Rosalie looked up shocked at what Renesmee had just said. "Excuse me?!", "What did you just say young lady?" Rosalie demanded from the young bride to be. Alice pulled Rosalie away from Renesmee while Renesmee turned away from her aunts and looked back at the shattered mirror that belong to the vanity. Renesmee turned away from her small statured aunt, who just happened to be taller than herself, by a few inches. She stood up, and turned as she spoke. "Renesmee sweetheart talk to me." Alice said as she placed a hand onto Renesmees' shoulder. "He doesn't love me, not really, it's the imprint that makes him feel what he feels for me, it's only magic, it's only an illusion, an illusion to pull me in so he could sire a strong child." "Renesmee, Jacob loves you, you know this." Rosalie said softly, trying her best to convince Renesmee that it was just a silly little phase. Turning around she grabbed Alice's hand tightly as she spoke the words that she never wanted to speak aloud, that she'd never spoke aloud before now. "You've seen it Alice, Jasper's felt it, I know it in my heart that you've both encountered it, the way he looks at my mother still, the way he looks into my eyes-his favorite part of me, out of everything he chose my eyes to love the most-MY GODDAMN EYES! The eyes that she gave me, her goddamn eyes!" Renesmee crocked out as she fell to the floor gracefully she grabbed at her head as she took a deep breath in holding while she placed a sad smile on her face. Watching as her life, and the mask she created began to crumble apart before her very eyes. Alice bent down to her level. "I know sweetie, I know you feel you don't know who he truly loves." Rosalie looked between the two as she spoke. "Alice! Don't she's got cold feet is all, stop trying to get her mind wondering, she's been with Jacob for four years already! They love each other, just because you still don't approve doesn't mean you should manipulate her feelings when she's in such a vulnerable state!" "Rosalie shut up, she's not being manipulated in any way, she's finally seeing the truth of everything." Alice argued back. "She's always known the truth Alice, she's not an idiot, she knows how much Jacob loves her." Rosalie replied haughtily. Renesmee finally cracked as she let go of her breath and cut the bickering women off from anymore talking. "I feel like I've been dead this whole time and now that I'm finally showing a piece of the real person I am … you completely make me feel as if it's wrong!" She cried out through her anger. "Oh sweetheart." Alice said as she pulled the girl in for a hug, holding her as tightly as she was allowed to. "Renesmee you aren't dead, you are alive, and you are in love with a good shifter, and you are going out there to marry him today and live happily and have children with him." Rosalie tried. "Shut up!" "That's not what I want! I don't love him the way he claims to love me, I don't want to marry him!" Renesmee said as she pulled out of Alice's embrace and stood up. The crack in her mask was growing faster as she spoke her true thoughts. "This person you've been dressing in these clothes, this person that has been playing with her hair the way you want her to, this person in this damn dress is not the person I want to be! I don't even know who I really am, but this person finally saying what I want too is the real me!" Renesmee cried at her aunt angrily. "Renesmee this is what you've always wanted." Rosalie said calmly as she tried to keep her anger in check. Renesmee pinched the bridge of her nose as she took a deep breath and exhaled slowly as she gathered her flying thoughts. "You know what I'm done, that's it, I've had enough with this life." Renesmee said as she turned away from Rosalie. "You're done with this life." Rosalie repeated. Furiously Renesmee turned to Rosalie again as she spoke. " I have lived my entire life in shackles, doing and thinking everything you all want! I'm eighteen years old and finally I have a right to say whatever I want, and do whatever I want & I'm going to take my life and do with it as I please, because it's my life! "Nessie." Rosalie tried to plead. "I've done everything you, they-everyone has told me to, every decision, every thought, every move, every single word is what you want and I'm done with it!" "Nessie please!" Rosalie tried again, but Renesmee turned those brown eyes on her with such a lifelessness to them that it nearly broke her. " Please Aunt … You have no idea what it's like! You don't know what it feels like always questioning yourself, always questioning if the life you live is what you really want, you don't know what it feels like when people keep important facts from you because they think your too young or that you can't handle it. Hell you don't want to know what it feels like to be going through a breakdown!" Renesmee said with a pleading voice that could break any vampire. Though Rosalie wasn't like many others, and was immune to the look and the tone choice. "Renesmee your being silly, this is just some phase." She tried once more. "Shut up and move because I'm leaving and if you try to stop me I will never forgive you, and I will never speak to you again, I don't want to be here, so I won't be here anymore." Renesmee said. "Renesmee do you even know what your saying?!" Rosalie asked. "Of course, I'm leaving this god forsaken life, and this miserable town!" "And go where?!" Rosalie asked just as angrily "Somewhere, anywhere, anyplace but here!" "Why are you so stubborn!" Rosalie asked as she grabbed at her frustrated. A thought forming in Alice's head as she watched the two fight it out, Rosalie had always considered Renesmee as her own child, thus the reason they acted like mother and daughter, it was a good thing that it was Rosalie and not Bella she was talking this way too. By now Bella would be in tears because Renesmee doesn't want the life she had set out for her, "Rose, let her be, she needs to find herself, just like all of us