Title: Soldier Author: RosesOfTheGarden Summary: One-shot. Post-Mockingjay. So maybe Merrill doesn't know Finnick Odair, his father, quite as well as he thought he did. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games. Soldier Finnick Odair was kind. He was also brave and good at fishing. And swimming. He helped fight during the Second Rebellion, and they won with his help. He loved the sea, and he loved Annie and Merrill Odair even more. If he were here today, he'd be proud of him. This is what she tells him on the better days, and this is what he believes. "So why did Father have to die?" Merrill asks, leaning back in his mother's rocking chair. He's fingering the tightly woven nets on the floor, pulling at the knots. They're prickly, so if he presses too hard at the edges, it bleeds. He doesn't mind that much, though. It just proves how strong the net is. His mother is sweeping the front porch, her broom moving back and forth in a steady rhythm. Though he can't see her face, Merrill knows she's smiling. But when she hears his question, she freezes. That old sea tune she was humming abruptly stops, right before it's highest note. And he waits for an answer. Her fingers grip the handle of the broom. She takes a deep breath, now rigid in posture. She's not going to answer, he realizes. He shrugs, and moves to pick another knot. He supposes it's alright. He didn't have to know. He was just curious, and he should have expected the outcome. His mother rarely answered questions like these. Merrill already knew the answer to the question, anyway. He just wanted to see if... No, it doesn't matter. He shakes his head to clear the thought. Picking knots is difficult, even though the nets haven't been touched in years. He isn't surprised. District Four was known for its fishermen, so of course they were good at weaving nets, that was what they did all day long. Years ago, his mother told him that an old woman called Mags had woven them. She must have been good with knots, if they lasted until now. After Merrill was told this, he asked where Mags was now. His mother only lowered her head, and repeated the same statement, that Mags was skilled in knots, wove nets day in and day out. It was what she loved best. But Mags was dead. She was buried, carried away by the seas, thrown in a coffin. It seemed that many of his mother's friends were dead. His father included. He's heard that his father was good with them, too. He was also good with a trident; that was how he won the Games all those years ago, before the Second Rebellion. He was good at everything that had to do with water. Or so his mother said. He doesn't think he can bear to sit in a room with a silence so thick. Merrill stands and says something about going out swimming. Then she answers him. "He died during the Rebellion, making Panem a better place for us all," she says as he approaches the door. Her back is still turned to him. Merrill thought he could hear a slight hitch in her voice as she speaks. Merrill's been told this before. Many times, actually. Each time, he feels a swell of pride. There isn't much on Finnick Odair, except for the short sections in the new history textbooks. It says there that he was the 65th Hunger Games victor, and he was 14 years old when he entered the Games and emerged victorious. He won because some rich Capitol woman bought him a trident. It is all common knowledge. Nothing he hadn't heard before. Every Saturday, they go down to the beach. No one goes there anymore. Practically everyone he met knows how to swim, but never does. His mother says that it's because the people at Four used to fish for a living, and that they were at water almost every single day of their lives, so going to the beach isn't very special. But, his mother also mentioned, she loves the ocean. She will never be sick of the beach. He hopes he will never be, either. It's what his father liked doing best. His mother says that he was like a fish; that was how good he was at swimming. If you don't look carefully, she tells him, you might see a merman instead, scales flickering in the water. But Merrill doesn't like the ocean all that much. It's fun to swim, and he likes the feel of cool seawater brushing his skin, but there's always a fear, a fear that he'll lose control of his limbs and drown. Maybe it's because he's not good at swimming. He's sure that if anyone saw him from afar, they would think he was just a pathetic human drowning. He has as much grace in the water as a dying seagull. By the shore, the sand swirls with the winds, and if he isn't careful it gets into his eyes. It's anything but soft and feather-like; the specks of sand are rock, no matter how small they are. It's nothing like water. This is half the reason he prefers the sand. The other half is that sand is malleable; he could dig a moat around himself, or construct a city out of nothing but these pebbles. Often times, he would build a castle for his mother. "See? That's where we'd live," he would say after he was finished. "That's wonderful. Where would your room be?" she would answer, pride twinkling in her eyes. "At the top, of course! And you can have the large one right next to mine." His mother doesn't swim anymore. She sits by him and absentmindedly rakes her hand through the sun-kissed pebbles, brings her hand up and lets it sift through her fingers. She says that she has to watch him, to keep him safe. Safe from what? he would wonder. She once knew an artist during the war, and he's still here today, but on the other side of Panem. The last she hears, he's doing well. She tilts her head and smiles at him, and says that, with a few years of practice, he can become as good as he is. Maybe even better. Merrill feels the pride soar in him. Then he's absorbed in his latest masterpiece. He cups his hand around the peak of the sand castle, and then slowly, slowly, lets go. He steps back. Her mother examines it closely, and smiles at him. It's beautiful, she tells him. He stands by the side, fending off the waves for as long as he can. It's perfect. Sunday is the day for groceries. His mother usually goes without him, early in the morning. Merrill thinks its because it's less crowded at this time, so she doesn't have to run into too many people. Having grown up in Four, she knows most the shoppers. But it's been so many years since she last spoke to them, that it's bound to be awkward whenever she happens to meet them. "Merrill Odair! You get taller every time I see you, I swear!" A middle-aged woman often says as she ruffles his hair. Merrill recognizes her as their neighbor; she lives just three houses away. He decides not to point out the fact that she sees him nearly every single day. Like many of the others, she doesn't stop to chat with his mother. She smiles at him and him only, and says something about having an errand to run. She brushes past them. Passersby give them passing glances as they walk along the road. Some offer tight-lipped smiles. When he was younger, he chalked it up to the fact that they knew his father personally, and pity them both. He had always wondered why it was only them; many soldiers died in the Rebellion. So, surely, he couldn't be the only one who lost a parent in the war, right? Now, he knows why. Her mother comes, then leaves quickly, as if shopping were more of a chore than anything. She doesn't stop and try to talk to anyone. Not that anybody tries to start a conversation with her, either. She probably knows, too. Legend has it that the deceased are reborn into the sea. The strong-willed become sharks, the kind the turtles, and so forth. It is also said that an elderly man drowned, trying to reunite with his dead wife. In a way, he succeeded. The man waded in late at night, and walked deeper and deeper into the ocean until he was swept away by the waves. No one has seen him since, sea animal or human. This, he supposes, is one of the reasons why his mother likes the ocean so much. It's clear what the other kids think of him the second he enters the school. They gawk at his brown hair and plain features. The disappointment quickly replaces the eagerness in their stares. They curiously walk up to him, then turn away when they hear his soft voice and see his nervous fidgets. Maybe they expected something else, something different, something better. When they sit cross-legged on the floor, in front of the teacher, one of his classmates whispers, "Is Finnick Odair really your dad?" "Well...yeah," he says quietly. A hint of pride creeps into his soft voice. The classmate looks at him strangely. "You don't look like it," his classmate says. "Well, I am." He says, with as much firmness as he can muster. A pig-tailed girl joins their conversation. "If Odair's his dad... then isn't his mom Annie Cresta ?" Some overhear. "Annie Cresta?" One murmurs. "As in, the Annie Cresta?" "Ma told me about her..." Soon, he's the object of his classmates' fascination. Merrill flushes and stares ahead. He tries to pay attention to what his new teacher's saying. During recess, he stands by the eaves of the classroom, and watches the other kids play. They don't invite him to join their game, and he doesn't feel like playing. He stands by himself and waits for the teacher to call them back in for another round of lessons. Merrill looks down when his teacher announces that the class is going to participate in a getting-to-know-you-better game. A few classmates shoot glances back at him, some eager, some mocking. Others curious. He tries not to notice. At the end of the day, he has successfully carved his initials in the surface of his desk. He now knows one thing for sure. Here, he's not Finnick Odair's—the Hunger Games victor and Capitol rebel—son, just some madwoman's kid. After school, his mother asks him how his day was. He gives her a wide, beaming smile and says that it was great. Here is what he knows about Finnick Odair so far: He liked sugar cubes. This was what the old man who lived next door told him, when he came over once to ask for a baking tool his mother needed. During his stays at the Capitol, that was all he ate. Something about living life to its fullest. The second thing: it was said that he was the most gorgeous man in Panem. They don't mention something as frivolous as this in the textbooks, even though everyone says that's how he won his Games. He was handsome enough that the Capitol citizens fell in love with him, and they made sure he survived. Merrill stands in front of the mirror sometimes, searching. His features are mostly from his mother. All everyone else can talk about is how much he looks like his father, how charming he looks. When he looks in the mirror, he doesn't see his father grinning back at him. He just sees himself: Merrill Odair. They don't keep many photographs of his father around the house, so he can't quite