FirstKiss By: xXxReixXx Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings and never will... (sniffs) I created this fic last year but never had the courage to put it up. So be nice! This is my first LEGOLAS fic! xXx Chapter 1 Lady Galadriel gazed out of her window, out of thought. Long had Celebrian, her daughter, sailed into the West and yet herself and Lord Celeborn sorely miss her. She felt a strange presence in the Wood. It was small...and defenceless. She walked out of her chambers, with her white cloak on. "My Lady--" began one of her guards, but she held her hand up and smiled. She treaded down the steps and called for her horse. She mounted upon her mare— "My Lady." said a slight amused voice that belonged to Lord Celeborn. "May I ask where you are going?" Lady Galadriel smiled. "There is a presence in the Wood, which I find strange. Do I have your leave of seeking it?" she asked, slightly amused herself. "Indeed." said Lord Celeborn, with a raised eyebrow. "Without an escort, I may ask?" "I need not an escort, My Lord." said Galadriel, with a hint of a scoff in her voice. "Very well..." he sighed as he watched his Lady disappear through the trees. Lady Galadriel slowed her mare into a steady trot. She gazed through the trees. It laid near the edges, had the Guards not felt the presence? She quickened the pace and cantered through the Wood. Haldir's ears pricked as he heard distant trotting. "The Lady is making her way towards us!" exclaimed Orophin, his younger brother. "This is something to be unheard of." said Rumil, their youngest brother, enthusiastically. Haldir jumped down to greet the Lady. "My Lady, may I ask what are you--" "Do not worry, Haldir." said Lady Galadriel, smiling. "But without an escort or a guard!" exclaimed Haldir, almost shocked. "Am I that defenceless to you all?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. Haldir bowed. "I did not wish to offend you, My Lady." he said. "No, you haven't, Haldir. You can come with me, as my escort, if it shall worry the others." said Galadriel. Haldir called for his horse and he followed the Lady by her side. "What is it that you seek, My Lady?" he asked. "Can you not feel a presence near?" she said, in a whisper. Haldir was confused and shook his head. Galadriel turned and suddenly felt that it was just beyond the trees. She dismounted, along with Haldir and walked quietly towards the area. She walked through without care and noticed a white bundle on the ground. "Be careful, My Lady. You may not know what it is!" whispered Haldir. "I know not what it is, but I do know that it is harmless." said Galadriel and walked to the bundle. And there, laid a sleeping baby. If it weren't for the little breathing that could be heard, anyone would have thought that the baby had lost its soul, for it had incredibly pale skin, like Galadriel herself. She bent down and picked it up. She noticed that the white blanket it was wrapped with had got, 'Ithilwen' sewed on the corner. "Tis' a girl, by the name." said Haldir, completely bewildered at her discovery. "Ithilwen, for her skin is almost as pale as the moon." said Galadriel. "What will you do with her, My Lady?" asked Haldir. "I shall raise her." she answered, almost talking to herself as well. Haldir's eyes would've widened if it were not for the baby waking. "Her eyes..." he murmured. Ithilwen opened her eyes and blinked a few times. Her eyes were almost like Galadriel; deep blue with grey speckles. She reached her little arm and touched Galadriel's face with her small fingers. " "Ithilwen..." Ithilwen ran as fast as her little feet can carry her and ran into Lord Celeborn's arms. "Ada..." her voice muffled in his robes. Lord Celeborn laughed. "How is my little Aranel (princess)?" he said, kissing her forehead. "I missed you." she then saw Lady Galadriel not far behind. She kissed Celeborn's cheek before climbing down and running into Galadriel's arms. "Naneth..." she muffled as Galadriel laughed and whirled the little Elfling (at the age of a three year old child). "I missed you too." she whispered as Galadriel kissed her temple. "Next time you go to Mirkwood, can I come too? Haldir was grumpy." Galadriel and Celeborn laughed at this, while Haldir looked up at the sky, interestedly. "That is not a nice thing to say, Ithil (her nickname)." said Celeborn, clearing his throat, noticing that Haldir was slightly embarrassed. And Rumil and Orophin weren't helping either; they were sniggering. "Sorry." said Ithil, as Galadriel lowered the elfling. She ran to Haldir and looked up at him. "Sorry Haldir. I did not mean to offend you." she said, sadly. Haldir smiled and picked her up. "There is nothing to be sorry about." he said. "Thank you for looking after me while Ada and Naneth were gone." she added. She climbed down and went to Orophin who hugged her. "Thank you for the extra desserts." she whispered. Orophin and Rumil glanced at each other and grinned, as Rumil hugged Ithil. "You are welcome." laughed Orophin. "Extra desserts?" asked Haldir, quirking an eyebrow when he heard her whisper. "You gave Ithil EXTRA desserts?" he said, as Ithil climbed from Rumil's arms and went back into Celeborn's. "Not that much." said Rumil, quickly. Was two extra bowls too much? "You can never have too much ice cream! That's what Rumil always says!" said Ithil, cheerfully. Rumil glanced at her, than at Haldir, then to everyone else. "Er...did I say that?" he said, nervously. Ithil then realized her mistake and buried herself in Celeborn's robes, hiding her face. Ithil was at the age of one whom would be six. She watched as other elflings played near the garden. One elfling spotted her and ran over to her, not noticing that the others were following him. "Hello!" he said cheerfully, "Would you like to join us?" he asked. "Would it be okay?" she asked, shyly. "Yes, of course-" he was cut of when they heard a little 'hmph'. They all turned to a angry looking young elleth, looking very angry. "No, it is not alright!" she said, angrily. "It is so!" argued the boy, indignantly. "Anyone is allowed to play with the Lady's daughter--" "She is NOT her daughter!" snapped the elf again. "Haven't you known? My mother told me that everybody knows that Milady found HER in the Wood somewhere!" "That's not true!" protested Ithil. "You bet it is!" snarled the she-elf. Some of the elflings started to murmur and look at Ithil, oddly. The young ellon, how ever, narrowed his eyes. "Even IF Lady Galadriel is not her real mother, she is now, because she ADOPTED." He said, defensively. "Why are you on her side?" she wailed. She ran off, crying, while the others ran after her. Only the elf that defended her remained. "Don't worry about her." He said. "She can be very stubborn." "That's okay..." she murmured. "My name's Kael." The elf bowed and kissed her hand. Ithil smiled. "My name's Ithil. I am sorry for making your friends go away." She whispered. "No, they're not exactly my friends." He said, slowly. "I was alone too, before they surrounded me and made me play with them." "Oh...I am sorry. I need to go now. I shall see you soon, perhaps?" he nodded, as she took off. She bumped into an elf, she had some tears forming in her eyes. "Are you alright?" she asked, bending down. "Yes...where's--" "They are at the borders." Said the elf, smiling but also looking worried. "Thank you." And without warning, she took off into the Wood. She ran as fast as she could, down the tree paths. My parents would never lie to me, she thought in doubt. Would they? Everybody knows that Milady found HER in the Wood somewhere! Those words echoed in her head as she ran down the path. Even if she had felt tired, she wouldn't stop. She then tore through the tree branches and found her looking up at her 'parents', talking with Haldir and his brothers. They all turned and looked at her, shocked. "Ithil, why are you here?" asked Haldir, surprised. "Did you come here all by yourself?" "Did you run all the way here?" asked Orophin, watching her breath heavily. "What's wrong?" asked Rumil. Ithilwen looked at them, before looking at Galadriel and Celeborn, who had walked to her. The bent down. "What is wrong, Ithil?" asked Celeborn. "I am not your real daughter, am I?" she said, stepping back from them. Galadriel and Celeborn glanced at each other. "Ada...tell me it's not true." She whispered. "Naneth?" "It is true." Said Celeborn, gently. "We were going to tell you when it was the right time." Tears rolled down Ithil's cheek. "You found me in the Wood? Alone?" she whispered, looking at Galadriel, who nodded. "Then why did you not just leave me die?" she took off, sobbing and disappearing through the trees. Galadriel closed her eyes, Valar protect her, she whispered silently. "Leave her for a while." She said, to her worried husband. "They lied." She cried as she tore through the trees. She tore out into the clear field, where March Wardens were training. She watched how they had sword-training. She watched as the swords clashed at each other, she then turned and watched as the arrows whizzed into the target. She watched, trying to let the thought of her 'parents' slip away. She watched as an arrow suddenly pierced the tree next to her. She plucked it as an elf ran to her. "Lady Ithilwen! Are you alright? Forgive me, my aim was poor at that time." He said, concerned and half frantic. "I'm alright. Don't worry." She said, quietly. "There is nothing to forgive." She said, smiling and holding up the arrow. He took it, gratefully and said, "You shouldn't be here. It's dangerous." "I'm alright, really. Thank you." She walked into the thickness of the trees. "Melamin, it is getting dark." Said Lord Celeborn, who was pacing. "Ithil has not yet returned." He added, sighing. "We knew this would happen, did we not?" asked Galadriel, who was indeed worried than Celeborn. "Yes, but..." he sighed warily and looked out of the window again. "She reminds me so much of Celebrian." "Like you have said, Melamin, when I first brought Ithilwen into your arms; 'She will never replace Celebrian in our hearts, but can make her own place next to her.'" Whispered Galadriel. "That is it, she is only a child and we must send for Haldir to look for her!" said Celeborn, unable to contain himself no longer. "There is also something that you must know." Sighed Galadriel. "She is an elfling with powers of her own. Powers identical to mine." Celeborn stopped and sighed again. "She must learn to control them then." He said. "I will talk to her about it. It pains my heart for us to have hidden secrets form her." Celeborn gazed out of the window. "She will grow up...and she might leave." He said, sadly. "Naneth? Ada?" murmured a soft voice. The two turned to find their little elleth at the doorway, holding Kael's hand. "Ithilwen!" exclaimed Celeborn. He then looked at Kael, then back to her. "I made a new friend. This is Kael. I was with him." She said, quietly. Kael turned a bit pink before bowing. "I need to go. Naneth and Ada are expecting me back. My Lady, My Lord." He bowed and looked at Ithil. "See you tomorrow?" Ithil nodded and he let go of her hand and disappeared. Ithil looked up at her foster parents. "I'm sorry for taking off." She whispered, with tears running down her face. "Oh...come here." Said Galadriel and she embraced her. "You will