let it go summary: "That's the thing about pain, it demands and deserves to be felt." "It doesn't have to be like that, baby. Not anymore." or, where the weird annie cresta and unforgettable finnick odair finally cross paths, yet somehow manage to damage it beyond repair. [modernday!au] a/n: erm, i really wanted to make this a peeniss{ahem everlark}fic but i just thought that odesta would fit it better, although there may be a bit of katniss in annie, for a tiny part. let's see how this angst goes. disclaimer: ahbviously nawt. prompt: "come on take a walk on the wild side; let me kiss you hard in the pouring rain; you like your girls insane" from born to die by lana del rey dedication: for the monthly one-shot competition, at coppertone wars. . . . Annie Cresta— insane . "She's a rather mad, peculiar girl," says the seventy five year old man, who is currently fishing, as warmly as possible. "She seems to be doing…something… unique with her life," fumbles a middle aged, tiresome mom. "Yeah, I used to know her. She liked to laugh at random times and covered her eyes and ears often. Glad I got out of that friendship," a former classmate notes. "She screams and cries a lot," a five year old chirps, licking his strawberry lollipop happily. (When she's questioned on a description of herself, all she does is scream and run out of the room, accidentally hitting some random car parked on the curb.) . Finnick Odair— irresistible. "He's so dreamy, I could die," melts a Finnick fangirl. "Charming, sexy, and unforgettable; I think my reproductive system explodes whenever I see him," adds a scientist, adjusting her white lab coat at the thought of the blonde. "We have a fan club for him." Mags, his motherly figure, simply smiles when asked about the legend. "He's a heartbreaker, but those girls are lucky to even experience him up close." (He says that he loves that people love him, that all of this is a huge distraction because they're only human, right?) . One day, they're asked about each other. "Finnick Odair? All I care about are the 'Odair-puns'—not like I ever get the chance to use them, anyway," she comments, snapping the last part bitterly. "Annie Cresta…(he pauses, skimming through his brain for a bio to match the name)…she's the one at the mental institute, am I correct?" . Okay, so yes—Annie Cresta is officially insane, but who ever said this tale was normal? Both base each other off on reputations, clichés that they wouldn't mind being unwritten. They're alike in that sense, but that still doesn't change the fact that at first, they just don't mix. Because the tale of Annie and Finnick, just isn't one you see in the storybooks, and both never signed up for typical happy endings. It doesn't help that they meet in her ward. . Her once bright, green eyes are dull and lifeless as she stares hard at the wall, the only sense of emotion coming from the coldness in those eyes. Annie doesn't know what she did to end up on this bed, she really doesn't, but apparently she's diagnosed with psychotic schizophrenia. She lets out a small sigh and picks at a hanging nail. She likes to think of this as a game—they say she's mental, she'll live up to her reputation and give them a show. She's been here for about six months now, so her cover has been built, her name known, and her walls are built up completely. That's probably why no one bats an eye when Annie cuts the nail and digs it deep into her leg upon hearing the footsteps approaching. (Or maybe it's because it's a goddamn mental institute and they've seen far worse—if that's the case, then Annie needs to step up her game.) Shortly after, she hears the bell tower in the distance ring—it's noon now, and according to her strict schedule, meds should come any second now. And as expected, the nurse comes rolling in with her huge cart, trying to avoid eye contact with Annie. (The nurse has only been here for a week, but word spreads quickly here, and it doesn't take much to fear the brunette.) She gives her the pills, delivers some papers to her from her therapist, and is out the door, rushing to the next cell (where some lady named Wiress is—she yells tick tock every time that bell rings and Annie has tried to attack her when she first came in). Although there's really nothing for a girl like her to do here, she is always busy—she, along with all the other psychos locked up here, have to follow the same routine every day. If she's not eating those disgusting meals or taking her meds, she's in therapy or group activity. In visiting hours, she does the same thing as she does in her leisure time—plot, psych people out, whatever the hell she wants because she doesn't get any fucking 'visitors'. Nothing spectacular ever happens to her here, so imagine her surprise when Finnick Odair— the Finnick Odair—shows up during visitor hours. Obviously, he's not here for her, but seeing him in the institute is enough for her. She remembers seeing him once or twice in the halls at school, when she still went of course. He was probably three, four years older than her? Annie had heard a story or two before, on how sometimes kids from her school visited the three people (well, four now, but she's never gotten a visit like that yet) that got sent to the institute. They would go and stare and taunt the teens like they were caged animals. Annie always makes sure to prevent this from happening to her, so during visiting times, she makes herself unapproachable. Knowing that Finnick Odair would be one of those people, she crouches down in her chair and creeps over to under bed, where hidden in plain sight is a bundle of spare gowns. Naturally, she slips on the one coated in blood and grabs a glass shard that was hidden inside, scraping it over her leg and forming a huge gash. (Blood is no longer a scary sight to her, as the moment she stepped in, all feelings were gone. Hating company of actual human beings now, blood was her new best friend—not like she had any to begin with.) Staring at Finnick's tall outline, making sure he never sees her, she creeps back into her rocking chair. She rocks back and forth, grateful they haven't wiped up the red marks on the wall she's facing menacingly. Out of the corner of her eye, Finnick has entered the cell two down from her right, but he's seen her, definitely. (She swears there was a moment's look of recognition in his eyes, but it's over and she wishes it hadn't happened.) Trying to put that weird encounter behind them, Annie picks at a scar on her leg, something that usually calms her down. She traces the long line (it has to be a new one because the color is bolder than most) down to her ankle. She sees him in her peripheral vision yet again and—and she's making a big deal out of this. Breathe in, breathe out. In. Out. In. Out. Perfect . For once, something goes right in her life. She finally has her feelings under control; if her therapist came in and asked her to "tap into your feelings", she would be able to tell her everything that was wrong and what wasn't— And then, before she knows it, Finnick is asking a worker to visit her. Did he not notice the murderous look on her face, all the scars covering her body better than her skin itself? As he steps in, she can feel her control fly out of the window. She desperately wants to jump and grab them, and Annie even lifts her hand up softly (which her visitor takes as a friendly wave, but she's not worrying about him right now). But the window shuts, opportunity crushed, and everything else is once again, gone. So, fuck Finnick Odair. He pulls a chair out and awkwardly sits down, braving eye contact with her. "What are you doing here?" "What the hell do you want?" Obviously, he's taken aback that she's acknowledging him. (And he doesn't seem the slightest bit insulted with her jab; apparently, attention is attention in Finnick's world—let it be negative or positive.) He takes a deep breath and says, "I asked you first." Annie doesn't say anything to him because in all honesty, she's confused. These aren't how those "special visits" are supposed to go—at least, not what she's heard of them. She guesses that she was showing emotion on her face (and believe me, she's pissed about that) because Finnick himself admits, "I'm not here for that." Silence. "Annie..." "What the hell do you want?" she repeats, crossing her arms over her chest. "I want to...talk." "You hesitated," she can't help but point out. "Why are you even here?" He bites his lip and peeks at her. "Can we not get that personal right now? Can we just talk about something?" "I don't even know you." "So why not get to know me?" he counters. Annie is really starting to get fed up with him, so she reaches into her chest (which Finnick really doesn't seem to mind) and pulls out a needle. She starts humming to "Teddy Bear's Picnic", which was one of her favorite nursery rhymes as a child. As she hums, she starts to caress her finger with the pointy end of the needle, adding more and more pressure to the weapon as her tune gets louder. She's smiling insanely as the blood pours out and doesn't care about the few droplets on her gown. The needle digs as much as it can in and she feels her eyes watering—not because it hurts but because the pain feels so damn good . Her trusty needle is covered in nothing but blood, except for the pinch she was holding it. She hits that last note and throws it on her bed, knowing she'll encounter it again later. Annie looks at the chair and expects it to be vacant once more, to see that Finnick had left crept out by her weirdness, only to see him still sitting there, waiting rather patiently. "See, this is real," he whispers to her. "What?" "I'm not faking. A person who actually cares stays here with you even while you go through all of that. A person who cares knows that you need to do that, and they don't walk out on you. I care." "Getting a bit personal there," she mumbles. But she knows he's right. She knows that when people love something (or in this case, someone) they'll always stand by them. With Annie? People always walk out on her, and here she, finally has to face the truth. No one cares about her—even a stranger figured that out. Once again, fuck him . (But, then again, Finnick was here for her and he did care. She still has no idea in hell why or how he even knows her , but it helped to have him here. She decides that maybe, he wasn't so bad after all, and decides to trust him.) "Um, Annie?" She feels heat rise up to her cheeks upon realizing she spaced out. "Erm, what was your first question again?" He blinks. "Never mind, forget that. I don't want to pressure you so...just ask me something." (She has a feeling that he sensed her discomfort at first and is trying to win her trust, so she silently applauds herself for masking her most recent change of heart.) "What brings you here? Like, to the actual institute?" He lets out a small sigh. "My mom. She's right over there (He points to the