A/N: Hi there :)! This story hit me suddenly and did not let me go. I needed to get it out of my mind, so here it is. Updates might be excruciatingly slow, my main focus is on my other story. This one has thankfully less plot behind it and practically writes itself. I also plan to keep it relatively short. Pairings: I plan to make this a Tom Riddle/ Harry Potter story. I wouldn't exactly call it a romance though. It's something more, err, twisted (?). There might be hints of Severus Snape/Harry Potter...maybe...but more of a mentor thingy. Warnings: The rating may go up , depending how far I take it with the pairing. The story will probably also soon take a turn towards something more darker and distrubing. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. All character belong to JK Rowling. No money is being made. Enjoy! :) . When Technique meets Talent "Are you completely out of your mind?" Albus Dumbledore, headmaster of the prestigious Hogwarts School for Dance, only smiled gently at his grim counterpart. "How many times have you asked me that over the years, Severus?" The man sat in front of his desk in the headmaster's office, scowling darkly at him. The expression was feared amongst his students, as it often ended in an excruciating exercise. Because they had known each other for so long now, it had long since lost its effect on Albus, much to Snape's chagrin. "Too many times to count headmaster. It makes me wonder what exactly it is I'm trying to do here." "And how many times did my ideas end pleasantly and not in the gruesome massacre you imagined?" Snape had to keep himself from exploding. The headmaster had no clue just how much work Severus always had to do behind the scenes to make his ideas reality. However, being the man of icy control he was famous for, he sighed instead. "Look Albus, I always respected your ideas to bring ballet out of the conservative clutches and towards something everyone can enjoy. But you have to do it step by step. You have already made too many controversial decisions for this year's end performance!" "They aren't that controversial…" protested Albus. "Performing 'A Prophecy' with nothing but students? The world will laugh at our attempt at such a difficult ballet! A female conductor for the orchestra? The critiques will tear her apart! Open auditions for the lead? That's the equivalent of saying our students aren't good enough to best mediocre hobby-dancers!" "'A Prophecy' isn't much more difficult than other ballets. Most companies don't do it only because nobody can dance Voldemort's part. You know very well that the only reason I chose 'A Prophecy' was because Tom's technique is so flawless he will make the most difficult part in dance history look easy." "And I agreed to it," reassured him Snape, "But why open auditions Albus? What good can possibly come out of these? Our school is the best and you worked hard to keep it that way. Our students have been hand selected by hundreds of instructors to finally arrive here. We have more than one senior who can dance the hero's part!" "Technique-wise yes! But with absolutely no chemistry! There isn't a single student in this school who has understood the hero's part and can incorporate it." "The end of year performance is the students' big chance to get contracts. Let Draco Malfoy dance the lead and I can guarantee you at least 2 of our students will get hired immediately. You don't have to sweep the audience of their feet, you have to do what's best for their future!" Dumbledore's eyebrows rose in surprise. "You're aiming for acceptable, Severus?" "I'm aiming for the possible!" Dumbledore let out a tired sigh. "Look my boy, I promised I would choose one of our students if there was no one in the auditions that we both agreed on. So what's the harm?" "The school's image will suffer Albus. You know how tough it is to stay at the top, things like these can kill us." "How about this: We will hold the open auditions in three days- no, hear me out my boy. It will be on such a short notice that the news won't spread much further than London itself. Nobody will have enough time to prepare and the students form the other schools most likely won't take the chance. Besides, it will just be a day, you can take the time to relax from your teachings!" Snape's displeased frown didn't disappear, but Albus knew him enough to know that he had once again defeated him by sheer determination. "Fine. Fine! We'll have the bloody auditions. A day of looking at blemished technique, muscles with no control and stiff limbs. Yes, I'll enjoy myself immensely." Despite what everyone said about his heartless and demanding nature, Snape was actually very confident in his senior students. Let the old man have his auditions. There was no way some random street urchin would dance better than his trained students. . . "Harry! Haaaarrryyyy!" "Hm, what?" Harry stopped moving and looked around himself, suddenly realizing that he was standing on a park bench. Where was he? "You're doing it again! Dancing with no music, yet completely blocking me out!" He turned to his best friend who sat on the bench next to him. Right, they had met after work in the park that was closest for both of them. Harry had spaced out again. "Sorry Ron. I just felt like moving after sitting ten hours behind that bloody counter." He jumped down and sat on the bench. Ron let out a defeated sigh. "I can't believe I'm surrounded by dancers, maybe I somehow attract them?" "Sure Ron, it's all your fault," laughed Harry. "No seriously! Ginny now wants to dance professionally too, after constantly hearing from the twins how happy they are in that damn school. Percy has resigned pretty soon this time, he says at least she's a girl." That damn school. Hogwarts. One of the top dance academies of the world. Without a doubt the best in Britain. And the most expensive one of course, but having more money didn't secure you a spot as a student. To get in, you had to be a genetic freak, one in a million, with perfect dancer physique and years of practice. To get a scholarship was practically unheard of. The Weasleys had done it four times. They weren't a famous dance family like the Malfoys, in fact, they were dirt poor. Arthur and Molly Weasley were musicians, doomed to remain below the spotlight, but still as passionate about their art as in the beginning. Their children had grown up in a house that was constantly filled with music. But the kids hadn't taken up any instruments. Instead, they had moved. Bill was the first of them to get into Hogwarts, free of the murderous tuition fee. Charlie had followed, Percy had resolutely refused to even take one single lesson of dancing despite having the same perfect physique as his brothers, the twins had gotten into Hogwarts last year and Ron…Well…He was just Ron. If it wasn't for the red hair, one would think he was adopted. His shoulders too broad, his joints too stiff, his ankles too weak… He just didn't have the right genes. But Harry's best friend never cared, for he had never understood the pull dancing and music had on his family. For now he was finishing his education and working a part-time job, a resigned spectator amidst his dance-crazy family. Still, Harry knew Ron had already spent a good deal of his hard-earned money on dance lessons for his little sister. He loved his family unconditionally, no matter how many times he cursed their unprofitable passion. As for Harry… Orphaned since he could remember, left at his aunt's doorstep, handed over to the depressing hell they called orphanage, he had ran away when he was 13 and never looked back. Starved, half frozen to death, dirty and overall in the most pitiable state a human could be, the Weasleys had found him unconscious on the streets. Despite, or maybe because, being poor themselves, they had taken him home and nursed him back to health. He had never seen so many kind people in one place. It had also been the first time he had heard classical music. It had made him cry and laugh and despair, leaving him a shivering and sobbing mess on the Weasleys' couch. And then he had walked in on Charlie while he was dancing in the attic. It had looked as if he was flying, as if he were free, expressing the emotions the music made Harry feel through movement. He had tried to imitate him. And succeeded. A natural they called him. Raw, uncultivated talent, hidden away in his small, malnourished body. Since then, not a day went by without him dancing. He had managed to get some part-time jobs and rented a room in the most worn-down part of London. Even if he would get a scholarship from Hogwarts, he still wouldn't be able to attend, because the scholarship didn't cover his living expenses, only the tuition fee. But Harry wasn't sad about that. He just wanted this year to be over. He would be 18 next year, free to get a real job, preferably in some bar where constant music was guaranteed. If he could dance on a few nights to get some extra money, he would be as happy as anyone could be. "Yo Harry! How is our favourite wasted talent doing today?" Ron and Harry looked up at the familiar voices. Ron groaned, but Harry grinned broadly at the approaching twins. Their company was always bound to include laughter. The twins sat down left and right from him, returning his grin. "Yeah about that wasted…" began one. "See, we think we can do something about that." "Ta-daa!" Fred waved a flyer in front of Harry's nose. Harry took it and read it sceptically. "Open auditions? Come on guys, I told you I don't want to attend Hogwarts." "Oh but it's not auditions to get into Hogwarts!" clarified George. "Nah, it's just for a part in our end of year performance," added Fred. "No strings attached so to say!" "Yep, you can just come in and dance your cute little ass off…" "…and make everyone regret they didn't force you to become a professional dancer." Harry laughed at their attempt to look intimidating. "That actually doesn't sound so bad, but I can't. All the rehearsing would interfere too much with my jobs." The twins exchanged a meaningful look. "Ah but see… We're doing 'A Prophecy'. Harry stared at them speechless. "' A Prophecy'? The prophecy-…But- that…" That was impossible. 'A Prophecy' was well-known for being the most difficult ballet piece in history. A school celebrating the graduation of his senior class shouldn't be able to even pull off half of the piece. Harry had seen it on DVD, actually, he watched it almost once a week. He couldn't describe what it was, but something about the piece just drew him in. No other ballet had ever made so much sense to him. Especially the Hero. A ridiculous name for a character yes, but Harry understood him. Knew him. Lived him. The piece was about him finding out about a magical world, hidden from view. About his interactions with his friends, foes, professors and of course, his nemesis. 'A Prophecy' was also famous for the distinct lack of names for his characters, even the leading ones. The hero was simply that 'The Hero'. With the exception of He-who-shall-not-be-named. Ironically, Lord Voldemort was the only character with a name. And the one that made the piece so infamous. In one century, there might be one dancer who could pull off Voldemort's choreography. It was said that when the piece