A/N: I've got 99 plot ideas and this wasn't one - but it's here anyways. Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter. All characters belong to JK Rowling. No money is being made. Warnings: Infrequent updates. Like, hey-whatup-it's-been-a-year updates. Also this starts of okay-ish but will actually be really dark. Basically my try at political powerplay. You get all these nice stories in which Harry is social grace personified and somehow always ends up being dark. So I wanted to do one where he isn't dark, but still has that cunning streak. Except that's a lie, I didn't want to do anything it just was here somehow. . A philosophical debate with consequences Sometimes Lucius surprised himself. He wasn't known for it, but occasionally he had sudden bouts of recklessness that drove him to seek adventures. They had a certain boyishness to them and made him feel alive, albeit they also tended to land him in some unusual situations. "Charming," Severus sneered beside him. They stood at the border of the city, in the lower quarters where only poor folk lived. Both of them looked completely out of place with their tailored coats and gloves made of the finest material. "Well it should suit our purposes, I think," he answered his long-time friend. "When you invited me over for an evening of philosophical discussions I admittedly expected something less…dirty." "You have to get your nose out of the books, Severus. This particular question can only be answered by observation." "I disagree. A hypothetical scenario in a well-schooled mind yields all the answers one needs." "And yet we arrived at nothing conclusive." "The debate is an old one, I sincerely doubt we will find any new evidence here." Lucius was inclined to agree with him, but he hadn't just ruined his favourite boots in the mud of the lowborn quarters for nothing. He watched the pathetic excuses for human beings scurry around them in the dusk, the most courageous ones stealing a glimpse at them before lowering their eyes. One could really only assume they had been born without a spine or even a semblance of self-respect. "They are all streaming in the same direction," Severus observed. "In that case we'll follow them." Severus shot him a look that conveyed the full extent of his displeasure without words. The man had perfected that technique since childhood. "It could be exciting," Lucius said with fake enthusiasm. "Maybe they found a loaf of bread?" It wasn't bread. What they found instead, at the very edge of the city, was a well-illuminated site with dozens, maybe hundreds, of people crowding it. To his surprise he could also spot some richer merchants and even a few nobles amongst them. The trailers forming a circle around the place, the big cages behind them, the music, laughter and especially the large tent in the middle of it all left nothing to the imagination. It was a circus. It really couldn't get any more adventurous than this. "Step right up! Amuse yourself! Tickets are cheap! The wonders are endless! Thank you Sir! Milady! Show starts in fifteen minutes! The experience of a lifetime!" The performers shouted amongst the crowd, some of them standing on chairs or mingling with the people, selling tickets, trying to attract as many customers as possible. He could even hear a faint roar from somewhere around them, some kind of exotic beast getting ready for his part. And was that a small monkey darting between the many legs? Lucius couldn't quite decide if he should feel absolutely repulsed or fascinated by the spectacle in front of him. "Lucius," his friend warned him exasperated. Severus had apparently made up his mind in regards of the place. Seeing the bookworm trying not to squirm in the unfamiliar environment was enough for Lucius to see the evening as a success. "I thought you were a studious mind Severus. A place of endless wonders sounds perfect for you!" he taunted. "Careful with your jests milord, out of the two of you I give him the higher chance to leave the tent without gaping like a dying fish," an unfamiliar voice spoke. It was a clear tenor, pleasant to the ear, and currently soaked in amusement. It also took Lucius a while to identify the source, as it came from above them. On the roof of the trailer to their left sat a young man. One foot dangled from the edge while the other leg was bent so that his elbow could rest on it, holding his chin. He was peering down at them, at the people who stood so much higher in society than him, with a confident smile, almost sly. Usually such a thing from lowborn scum would have infuriated Lucius, disgusted even. But there was no disrespect in the young man's eyes and neither was his confidence exaggerated. It was simply part of him, a man completely aware of his place but unbothered by it. When the youth noticed that he had their attention, he stood up, his movements almost feline in his grace as he balanced himself on the edge in the flickering light of the torches. Lucius expected him to dangle from the ledge and climb down, but he simply jumped, doing a casual somersault in the air before landing silently in front of them. Pitch black hair, messy but well-tended, startling green eyes and high cheekbones. He was young and maybe a head shorter than the two lords. But not even the ill-fitting - but at least clean - clothes could hide his lean, muscular stature. Beautiful. "Good evening," the youth greeted amused, when neither of them spoke after his impressive entrance. Despite his obvious amusement at their dumbfounded stares, his voice was still nothing but respectful and Lucius realized the young man knew exactly what he was doing, how to play. He could appreciate that much social grace, even if it came in lowborn people. When the silence continued the youth only smiled brighter, swiftly procuring two slips of papers from his sleeve. "Tickets?" He leaned closer to Severus, a bit too close to be entirely appropriate and - oh my, was that a faint blush on the pale man's face? The young man was even better than he thought. Lucius regained his bearings and turned to his friend. "Why not give it a go? It will hardly cost us much." He knew his statement was insulting, implying the cheap worth of the entertainment provided. But the young man only smiled softly and gave a flourished bow in his direction. Men could get drunk from that much elegant compliance. And the youth knew exactly what effect it had. Feigning submission, yet everyone could see he was only playing the game. It was so masterfully done that it didn't matter if it was fake or not. The fantasy of it was intoxicating enough. "A tiny little extra and you get the first row milords," the youth said, still in a slight bow. "And get trampled by your wild beasts? I think not," Severus sneered. The young man righted himself fluidly, his posture relaxed. "All our animals are exceptionally well trained sir, there is no need to be afraid." He glanced up at him, eyes sparkling with mirth, obviously goading the man intentionally. Severus' lips were pressed firmly together, but if he didn't want his honour insulted he had no other option than to actually pay. Lucius wanted to laugh out loud. To think a circus member had outmanoeuvred a noble lord with only a few sentences. Brilliant. Severus saw his expression and gave him another dark look, while he wordlessly handed over the money for the tickets he never wanted. He was rewarded with a coy smile and another smooth bow. "Thank you very much milords, I wish you the best of evenings." "Will we see you in an act, or are you just here to…attract…customers?" The implication was not lost on the youth, judging by the sly smile. "I am an acrobat sir. I hope my act proves entertaining to you." Lucius let his eyes wander down the length of his body openly, revelling in the fact that the young man let it happen without even batting an eyelash, patiently waiting for his attention to return to his face. "I'm sure it will," Lucius murmured, meaning every word of it. And thus the two lords found themselves in the first row of a circus, amongst so many people far beneath their standing. Neither of them took their eyes off the lithe figure that soared through the air above them during the performance. . . While Harry left a lasting impression on the two highborns, they left only a fleeting one on him. Nobles like them came and went. The circus was at the border between the somewhat poorer quarter of the city and the slums that stretched out around it. The nobles only ever came down here in search of a little thrill to quench their boredom. Sometimes they were driven by nothing else than friendly dares. It was the same in every city. They had stayed longer than ever in this one, because it also had a rather wealthy middleclass who was less afraid to come down here and even seemed to genuinely enjoy the show. So far customers all but streamed into their tent. As long as they made enough money to get by they would stay. The circus had been his family for five years now, since he was fourteen. The years before that…had not been pretty for him. As far as he was concerned his life began with the circus and everything before that was better left in the dark corners of his mind, shut out behind walls. The circus represented something forbidden and fascinating to the nobles, who were used to their grand mansions and could never sleep in old trailers amongst cages of animals. But to Harry it was home, no matter where their location. He considered everyone here his friend. There was Hermione, their magician, clever at inventing new illusions and brilliant at performing them. Bill, Charlie and Ron were animal trainers, unbelievably patient when it came to their animals, often quite less so when it came to humans. The twins of course, every respectable circus needed twins. Clowns in and out of the arena if Harry ever saw one. Ginny was still rather young to be performing solo, but she often assisted with Hermione's magic tricks and was starting to become a magnificent tightrope walker. Luna was so good at fortune telling that sometimes Harry started to believe in it as well. Then there was Neville, too shy to actually perform anything, but he cooked, cleaned and built things around their circus. The circus also often housed several independent groups who stayed in their show for a season or so before moving on. All together they were one big family. Everything was coordinated by the Weasley's parents, which mostly meant their mother. And then there was Harry of course. Tightrope, trapeze, trampoline, bars, silk rope - you name it. His agility and fearlessness sometimes even put his fellow performers in awe. Acrobats had probably the most dangerous act, but Harry had never felt anything but safe above the ground. The higher up he was the happier. He had to admit that he liked the trapeze the best. He felt like flying whenever he was performing. Also, blondie hadn't been wrong to call him the customers' attractor. The twins were brilliant at luring the lower and middle class citizens to their world, but if they wanted to charm some nobles - and get them to pay five times the amount a ticket usually costed - they needed Harry. He was good at playing their game. As long as he could keep his disdain off his face. Really, for priding themselves to be the most sophisticated people they were just too easy. A smile here,