Full summary: {AU!} After society as we know it collapsed, humanity struggled for survival. Following a decade of chaos and anarchy, a new society begins to establish. Lords try to assemble the best followers around them and battle other groups for territory. Young Harry Potter tries to stay out of trouble, but when a new lord with unconventional ideas sees the potential in his unique talents, his quiet life soon gets turned upside down. Armed only with his wits, Harry has to take on one catastrophe after the other, all the while trying to uncover his own past and teach a certain smug bastard the meaning of personal space. [LV/HP] Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. All characters belong to JK Rowling. No money is being made. If there is anything else you recognise it's not mine either. Warnings: This story will be slash in the future. If male/male relationships are not your cup of tea please leave now. However, it will probably take some time for the relationship to develop, so if that's the only reason you read you will be disappointed. Plot comes first. Rated: M for the future, some violence and language. Squint your eyes to avoid grammar mistakes :P A/N: This is a non-magic universe. However, several of Harry's inventions seemingly based on science would never work in our world. You could call it science-fiction or steampunk if you are familiar with that. The first chapter will be mainly used to explain the setting, it should get better after that so bear with me :). . Chapter 1 20 years ago society collapsed. There was no other word for it; one day it was still there, barely being kept upright, the next day there was nothing. It was amazing really, that humans fought successfully against increasing natural disasters, climatic changes and the most vicious viruses, with a seemingly infinite amount of new innovations, techniques and ideas that allowed them to adapt ever so quickly to anything nature threw at them. Until the hunger came. Until there were simply too many mouths to feed. And everyone started to concentrate on one task alone: find, steal, produce, share, kill for food. The society that was so successful due to the specialisation of every human, was doomed the moment there was only one goal worth concentrating on. Without the maintenance of basic public services and the production of medical drugs, chaos and diseases spread throughout the world, allowing only the luckiest ones to survive. What once was a normal pneumonia became a death sentence, and due to the lawless environment no one was safe; your neighbour for ten years might shoot you every second now if he saw you had a leaf of bread. The incredible high number of individuals that humans spent the last few centuries on producing was decimated to several thousand in only a few years. That might have the survivors allowed to start over again, but once society was destroyed it could not be revived that easily, even though the cause of destruction – too many humans - was not a problem anymore. After about 5 years of total anarchy and pure chaos, humans once again proved that – even though if it came down to it you only looked after yourself – they were in fact social creatures and began to form groups. Completely random in the beginning, without any meaning further than social interaction and shelter, few years later they formed the core of the new society. Persons known as 'lords' began to arise, forming a group of selected people around them. Even though group dynamics was still an ever-changing process – new groups constantly being formed and disbanded, split into several smaller groups or merging with others – now the lords provided an unchanging centre, around which it all gravitated. Strong groups did not automatically have more members. The ability of the lord to lead them and establish discipline was far more important. Strong lords had the power to conquer more and more territory from other, weaker groups, leading to more food and shelter and thus even more power. Of course raw physical power of the members was an important factor in these fights, but as the years passed, clever strategies, new weapons and alliances often were far more important. When humanity finally settled down in this new system and started once again - slowly - to bring up children, 10 years had passed. Every child conceived during the first 10 years of chaos was abandoned and had no chance of surviving. The same counted for the little children before the collapse. When families died or parents were killed there was no one to look after the children. Any child that couldn't keep up with the adults had little chance to find food for himself, thus everyone that wasn't at least 10 years old before the collapse had almost no hope to survive. The last decade before the collapse and the first after led to a roughly 20 years gap between the newly conceived children, in the new society known as 'first generations' , and the fully grown-ups - veterans - who survived the chaos, all now at least in their thirties. The gap between was known as 'lost generation '; not cared for like the first generations and not sharing the memories of another world with the veterans, the new society had little use for them. It was amazing that even after all what humanity has been through, there was always a group of people who didn't belong. Harry Potter was one of them. How he had survived was a mystery even to himself. He was one year old when society collapsed. He had no memory of his parents or anyone else, only his birth certificate somehow remained with him. Now 21 years old, he was exactly in the middle of the lost generation. It did not help that he looked even younger. If he looked older, he could have pretended to belong to the veterans. As it was, he was a rather small but elegant young man with a beautiful face, pitch black unruly hair and startling green eyes. If he had had a different personality, his looks would have provided him with enough to 'earn' his living among the veterans. He couldn't care less. Most of the time his face was covered with black coal dust, his delicate hands covered with blisters and small cuts and his too big but comfortable clothes covered in grease. Remus called him an engineer. He said that was the term that was used for people who invented new stuff, exploring machines. Harry didn't argue since he did built new gadgets but his passion was science. Chemistry especially. Building self explosives or nerve gases with a mixture of otherwise harmless chemicals fascinated him. He knew everything about science and technology that was ever written in a book, even though most of the things described there, he never saw in his life. Remus found it odd that of all people, a lost generation with no memories or education of the old world, was probably the best engineer that remained in the new world. Whatever you wanted, Harry could build it. You wanted something to transport you over a wall? He built a package with airscrew worn on the back that could hold you in the air for 2 minutes. You wanted a new weapon to take out dozens of people without killing them? He built a gun that produced sonic waves that rendered everyone within 10 meters immobile. The things he built bordered on magic. And no matter who examined the gadgets afterwards, no one could rebuilt them, too complex was the inner machinery. That's why no one in the town bothered him. You didn't want to get on his bad side, the pen he was holding in this moment could be a deathly weapon for all you know. . . Harry let out an annoyed sigh. He was searching for his newly invented knife. Well, he didn't invent the knife, the customer wanted the knife to be unnoticeable so Harry had mixed together a paint that adapted to the background like a chameleon. 'I should have waited with the application though', he thought, furious at himself. For the life of him he couldn't find the blasted thing that was now conveniently almost invisible. Finding something in his workplace was a challenge by itself. He lived and worked in one room that was more a storeroom than a house. The front had shelves who were organised with some space for the customer and a sort of counter, but behind it was what Harry called 'organised chaos'. Hundreds of little pieces and half-finished inventions were piling up in shelves or lying on the floor, papers with scribbled notes on it over everything like a blanket. On the other side of the hall was a bit cleared up space with a small kitchen, a table and a bed. The huge shelves between store and living space provided sufficient cover – and protection for if an outsider crossed the hall, he was likely to step on some explosive device. Harry sighed again. He would have to buy a new knife and mix the paint again. The customer would not be happy about the delay. Through the window he saw Remus Lupin walking hurriedly towards his shop. Remus was a veteran and one of the few people who visited Harry not for business. He and his partner Sirius lived together in a close part of the town. They didn't talk much about the past, but from what Harry gathered they were childhood friends. Two friends who went through the chaos together and both stayed alive was a very rare thing. Almost no one knew each other from before the collapse. Harry liked the pair. They respected him and treated him like an equal, not like some young weirdo who was just plain lucky to survive. They knew Harry's skill made him invaluable and it was his intelligence, not his luck that played the major role in his surviving. Remus arrived in his shop. He came smiling towards Harry, almost jumping with excitement. Harry had to stop himself from rolling his eyes in exasperation. He knew his friend well enough to know what could possibly cause him to be this excited. "Hi Remus." "Hi Harry, is it safe?" Remus asked , grinning as he thought of the last time Sirius stepped into the shop and spent the next hour immobile suspended in the air by a force field before Harry finally returned home. "As safe as it gets," he grinned back and Remus took some more cautious steps. "What's up? Need something?" "No, not today. Have you heard the news?" Remus asked with barely contained excitement in his voice. The question was unnecessary, Remus knew Harry didn't keep track on the local happenings. "Nope. Is it good or bad?" "Hmm well it could be both," Remus began, "you see there's this new group…" "Remus how many times do I have to tell you I'm not interested?" sighed Harry slightly annoyed. Remus and Sirius were both members of the group 'phoenix', led by lord Dumbledore and since quite some time the strongest group in town. They were as friendly as a group can be, allowing the smaller ones some territory and didn't mind nonmembers. It was the reason Harry stayed in London. It was one of the only places he'd heard where you don't have to be in a group. Harry didn't like the idea of serving some lord, especially since as far as he could tell they only cared for themselves, manipulating people to join them by flattering them and making promises. Then after you joined, you never even saw the lord again and if you didn't fulfil your role or got injured they cast you away. Harry was happy living on his own. He knew is inventions were