Venus Potter – The Rock After my recent debut story fell flat I did some research apparently the main reason is that the category I chose wasn't as popular as I thought, thus I am trying again with most people's favorite boy-wizard stories. Summary: Venus was different and that was a good thing. Who wanted to be normal anyway? Only thing is Venus never knew how different she really was until she became 11 and was given a way out, away from her Very Normal family. After rereading the chapter I realized I might receive this question from a few people. Venus is a neutral name her parents agreed upon. It being neutral it is open to interpretation. Firstly, for Lily, it is a plant based name representing the Venus plant (Venus flytrap). For James it follows his mother's naming traditions, being named after a historical figure of Greek Origin (Venus de Milo). For Sirius, her godfather, it is an astral inspired name in the planet Venus. For others it might represent the Goddess of Roman Mythology. Chapter 1 The sun rose over the heavily manicured lawns in the cookie-cutter suburbs of Little Whinging, Surrey. It shone on the similar brass number plates on all the houses facing to the east. 4 Privet Drive was one of these east facing houses. The inside of the house was spotless and everything was in its rightful place, normally, 23 June being the exception to this rule. The Dursleys owned this home. They had a son, Dudley, who celebrated his birthday on this day. Each year his heap of presents grew and Dudley kept count on how many he got and usually threw a tantrum when he got the same amount or less then the previous year. This year was going to be one such occasion, there was only thirty-seven presents waiting for him. Venus rolled her eyes as she placed a pan on the stove and started breakfast. She had never thrown a fit about presents in her entire life. In fact she was glad if she got anything more than clothes for her birthday. The previous year she received a plush doll, Twilight Sparkle. The doll was from older stock, as Twilight was still a unicorn, but Venus did not care. The doll was a gift from a Remus Lupin. All of these extra gifts Venus would normally keep hidden from her relatives. When Venus was young she discovered the ability to shrink objects purely by will. That was after Dudley utterly destroyed one of her gifts. She cried and the gift mended before shrinking to the size of a mouse. Venus figured that Remus Lupin might not be as well off, and that was most likely why he hasn't bothered to visit Venus once and only occasionally send her a gift. Plating the beacon and eggs and pouring cups of tea, Venus waited by the door knowing her relatives, she refused seeing them as family, would be down soon. The first to arrive was her aunt, Petunia. She glanced at Venus and shook her head, Venus was wearing a pair of shorts and a tank top, her natural two toned hair, black with red highlights, was messy as she liked it. Sure she will brush it when she went to get dressed, but that would only be later that morning. Uncle Vernon entered the kitchen next. He sneered at her. If he had his way, Venus would most likely be shoved inside the cupboard under the stairs and forgotten. As it was he had no choice. When he tried it once he had to live alone for three months as Petunia took the kids and left him only a note saying she was staying at a motel until he adjusted his attitude. Although he didn't completely change towards Venus, he wasn't openly hostile towards her, divorce was not normal and Vernon prided himself on being normal, thank you very much. After Dudley entered, Venus walked to the last available seat and ate her breakfast in silence. Once Dudley had his fill he turned towards his gifts, he was forbidden from touching or even counting them until the plates were cleared from the table. He once upended the table in one of his tantrums. Venus and Petunia started on the dishes while Vernon read the paper and Dudley started the grueling task of counting. Dudley was as dumb as he was round, and after a sit in with a teacher he was moved to remedial classes. That was also the first and only time Vernon lifted his hands against Venus for doing better than Dudley. Since Dudley was moved to the remedial classes his grades also improved. Some kind of deficiency or another that Venus didn't care for. Even that was considered normal, since it was Dudley. His face fell once he reached thirty-seven and couldn't find more. He huffed up his chest and yelled at his father because there weren't more gifts. Her walrus of an uncle tried to convince him that some gifts, like the laptop and racing bike, were bigger, he didn't care. As a way to end the tantrum, Petunia offered to buy him two more gifts. "Perhaps a calculator?" Venus suggested under her breath seeing that Dudley was struggling to add two to thirty-seven. No one heard her, which was lucky for her. "Venus, when you are done go upstairs and dress appropriately. And for heavens sake, do something with that hair of yours. If your father wasn't dead, I would kill him myself for sullying the Evans family hair with his bad genes." Petunia said. Venus rolled eyes, she heard it all before. Her father was a bad man with untamable hair, the worst of the worst in her aunt's opinion. She didn't know much about her parents, she was forbidden to ask after them. For all she knew her father was a drunk who got her mother pregnant, they died in a car crash. However Venus never believed that story though. Once Venus was done she made it up to her room, she sighed as she opened the wardrobe and glanced through the selection of clothes, what she wouldn't give to have a carefree life. She picked a skirt from her selection and a top to match it, she decided on short socks instead of stockings or pantyhose. Her aunt absolutely refused to buy her leggings, it isn't proper for a lady, she said, Venus called fowl. Loads of girls wore them, besides Venus never wanted to be lady-like, it was torture. Venus finished dressing and sat down at her vanity. With a sigh she tackled her messy mane and within minutes it appeared wavy instead of messy. It won't last too long though before it got messy again, she then proceeded to braid it, making sure that the braid alternated between her red and black hair perfectly. Once she was done she looked over herself and once again tucked at the ring around her finger. Ever since she could remember it had been there, it was impossible to remove, not that it mattered her relatives couldn't see it, or the bracelet around her wrist. She left her room just as Petunia reached the bottom of the stairs to call her down. "Are you really wearing that to the zoo?" Petunia asked with an arched brow. "I debated between this and a sundress. Since it might be windy later I settled for this combo, it is a bit thicker than the sundresses I have." Venus replied. "Very well, Piers arrived. They will only be a minute, why don't you go sit in the car?" Venus knew her aunt meant well, even if it was only because of what the neighbors would think. The journey to the zoo was quite uneventful, other that Vernon complaining, his favorite pastime. He loved to complain about everything including, but not limited to Venus. Today he was complaining about motorcycles, all because a small moped drove past his side of the car. "Driving along like they own the road, hoodlums the lot of them." Venus wanted a scooter, just so she could annoy her uncle, maybe even a Harley. Oh that would be fun. Once at the zoo, Venus waited for the boys to get out before she followed. The car was locked and the parking spot was checked. So they proceeded to the entrance. Once there they purchased soft swirl ice cream and entered. The early morning was dedicated to the mammals. They encountered a relatively fat walrus and Venus had to bite her lip to stop laughing, it wouldn't do to have her uncle figure out the walrus reminded her of him. In fact she though it might be insulting to the walrus. They had lunch at the Zoo's restaurant. Venus was forbidden to eat dishes like Shepard's Pie at a restaurant, so she settled for a salad with chicken nuggets instead. For dessert she was given Dudley's first Knickerbocker Glory, since it didn't have enough ice cream according to Dudley. After lunch they went to the Reptile house, that would've been their before last stop, the aviary would have been their last stop, if the incident didn't happen there. Venus was minding her own business looking at one of the smaller, venomous snakes. It was a Blue Malaysian Coral Snake, when Dudley began throwing a tantrum across the way at the python area. "[I must apologize for my oath of a cousin, I'm pretty sure my uncle dropped him a few times when he was the size of a beach ball.]" Venus knew she could speak to snakes, and even realized it was another language, one she kept hidden from her relatives. "[I won't call that gorilla human,]" the snake replied in a very feminine voice. "[Are you sure they didn't just catch and shave him?]" "[Unfortunately,]" Venus ran a finger over the glass and it glowed briefly. "[When we leave the glasses in this exhibit should explode, don't cause too much trouble out there. If possible go back to Thailand, would you pass that along?]" Venus winked at the snake and the snake winked back. Venus made her way through the room touching every glass she passed before reaching her relatives who was kindly asked to leave the Zoo. Uncle Vernon was scandalized to the point that he might invent a new color all his on own. The color however returned the night as he was watching the news and they stated that around three that after noon the reptile house had an accident that resulted in several snakes escaping. He was very giddy as the prospect. He took a second tumbler of brandy that night. XXXXXXXXXXXXX Before they knew it, the summer holidays started. Unfortunately Dudley had already broken most of his new toys by that time. He also avoided his racing bike, since he fell off it after knocking over poor Mrs. Figg. Venus was indifferent towards the holidays. Petunia would normally drag her from morning tea to afternoon tea, parading around in her various outfits, like a living doll. After the first week of the holidays, Dudley was parading around in his new school uniform. Honestly Venus was surprised they made school uniforms in his size. The only reason Venus wasn't doing the same was because her aunt hasn't decided between Haberdashers' Monmouth School for Girls, and The Royal Masonic School for Girls. Venus was a shoe in for both schools. Oh joy. The day after Dudley's parade across the living room they were sitting in the kitchen when the mail arrived, it was odd, considering the time. The mail was supposed to be there an hour earlier. Venus shrugged and excused herself to go fetch it. She scanned through them and arched a brow when she reached a letter in a parchment envelope. It was for her, perhaps another scholarship offer? She handed the three letters to Vernon and sat down