A/N – Alright boys and girls sit back and enjoy this little insight into what could have happened after Bella got Edward back. This happens right around the time that the newborns were set to attack the Cullens. If you don't like Edward being the bad guy, this is not for you. Also, for those of you reading Love Under a Blood Moon, parts of this story will be tied into the LUBM to provide some background. I will explain that more later. If you aren't reading LUBM…then head over there for more Bella and Jasper fun. So with the usual disclaimer, I own nothing but my interpretations…I bid you enjoy. BPOV I woke up to darkness; it was so complete that I had to raise my hand to confirm that my eyes were actually open. I had never been one to be afraid of the dark, but that was before I was dragged into the world of the supernatural. Now I had no idea where I was or who was around me. Listening intently, I could hear soft sounds muffled by some kind of a wall. It sounded like the wind blowing through the trees. Letting the sound calm my nerves, I started to take stock of myself and my surroundings. My head hurt as well as my left arm and as I moved said arm I had to bite back a cry of pain. Gently touching my arm I felt around until I found the tender spot, which also had an odd feeling like a bone was out of place. So I had managed to break my arm at some point. Great. One day I hoped I would get over this clumsiness that has plagued me since I hit my teenage years. Sitting up slowly, I leaned back on my right hand as I was hit by a wave of dizziness. If you think that it might be better to not be able to see when you get dizzy, don't kid yourself. It's just as bad, I personally think it's worse as you have nothing to center your eyes on to help calm down. Suddenly a loud noise made me jerk back. With a gasp I turned my head in the direction of the noise and waited. As I waited, my mind raced still trying to figure out where I was and what had happened. Closing my eyes, like it really made a difference, I concentrated on the last thing I could remember and as I thought back, I cringed. We were preparing for a battle with the newborns. I remember being scared of the newborns and Victoria as I was still human. I had begged Edward to change me, at least that way I could be helpful and less killable. As always, he had balked and stalled giving me an answer. He wanted to keep me human, I knew it, but it didn't stop me from wanting to be with him forever. That's what one does with their mate right? Spending eternity with Edward and my new family was all I dreamed about now, well other than him leaving me again. Which somewhere in the back of my mind I knew was a possibility as long as I stayed human. He would get bored and leave me as I got older and more fragile. The only thing that stopped me from pushing the issue was Jasper. The way he looked at me with his knowing eyes, let me know that he knew what I was feeling. There were times where I would catch him looking at me with a confused look in his eyes, but would smile when he noticed I caught him staring. He also told me that as a newborn I would be a hindrance and not an asset in the upcoming battle. He said I would be so crazed with bloodlust that I wouldn't be able to control myself and would be a danger to everyone, not just the newborns. I gave in as he knew how newborns behaved and I trusted him. Funny that I trust him after he had tried to attack me at my birthday party. Well, that is what everyone else wanted me to believe at least. But I knew something that I think everyone else overlooked or didn't want me to know. He really hadn't been trying to attack me. Back then they wanted me to believe he was the out of control vampire, but he proved to me that was not true at my birthday party. Even with feeling everyone else's bloodlust he looked at me with concern, not hunger. When he lunged forward I swear I saw his body start to turn so he would land with his back to me. Don't ask me how I knew this, I just did. So yes, I trust Jasper completely. Another sound brought me out of my musings. I had hoped as I sat there my eyes would adjust to the darkness, but there wasn't one bit of light in the room. Giving up on trying to see I waited for whatever was going on outside my little dark room, I tried to remember what happened last. I know we had proved to Edward that I could be helpful in the battle to come; leaving little deposits of blood to drive the newborns crazy, also that Jake's wolf stench would cover up my scent enough to get me away to safety. I remember going home to find Alice there talking to Charlie about my staying the night with her while the rest of the family went camping. As I walked her out she said it would just be Edward and me in the house as everyone else was going to hunt to get ready for the battle the next day. I went inside to talk to Charlie and then he left to go to the police station and I went to my room to pack for the night. Only there was someone in my room, waiting for me. As I tried to remember who it was a door opened to my left and I was blinded by sunlight seeping in through the doorway. It was momentarily blocked as someone walked into the room, but then the light blinded me again. "I see you have finally woken up. I hope I didn't hurt you to badly when I knocked you out." I heard a snarl. "Oh wait, I did mean to hurt you. Do you hurt?" I recognized that voice, dripping with acid as she took joy in my pain. "Victoria." "You remember me." She clapped her hands together. "I was worried that you might have forgotten me. That would make my revenge a bit pointless, to you at least." "Why am I here?" I had an idea, but I decided to keep her talking. The longer I was here, alive, the better chance I had of Edward finding me, alive. "What did I do to you?" "Oh I don't have anything against you, Bella. It's your mate that I am angry with. He killed my James after all." She paused and looked like she was battling a sob. "I am just doing to him what he did to me. Unfortunately for you, that means you die." "What?" I squeaked. As her words registered I tried to push back as far away from her as possible, putting weight on my left arm I cried out in pain. "Music to my ears. Really, Bella, why do you think you could ever stay with Edward. You are so plain and fragile. He would drain you before he ever thought about changing you." She had no idea how close she was to the truth, well at least part of it. I knew deep in my heart that Edward was never going to change me. He would just keep putting it off until it was a moot point. "Well, he doesn't want to change me, so he is going to lose me eventually. You'll live forever. Why not just let nature take its course? Wouldn't that be more painful for him to lose me after having me for so long?" "Oh my dear, I am sorry that he doesn't want you. I know how that must hurt you, to be in love with someone who doesn't want you enough to spend eternity with you." She smiled viciously at me from the other side of the room. "He is going to watch you die, but sooner than he expects. I am sure he is on his way here as we speak with his coven." I thought about that. If I could keep her talking long enough, they would arrive before she had the chance to do whatever she had planned. Ok, so keeping with the original plan, keep Victoria talking, I had to come up with questions. Unfortunately, knowing I was going to die soon and that she was right that I wasn't good enough to spend eternity with, my brain was refusing to work. Shifting under her gaze, I pushed myself back with my right arm to lean against the wall and cradled my left in my lap. "So if you are trying to hurt Edward, why are you causing me so much physical pain? He isn't here to be bothered by it." Deciding to get comfortable, she folded her legs under her and sat on the floor against the opposite wall. "Good question. Just because I want Edward to pay for what he did to James, doesn't mean that you get off Scott free. You were the reason why he died and so you must pay as well. James paid with his life and so shall you, leaving Edward to mourn the loss of his not quite good enough mate." "I'm sorry." It was all I could think to say. My mind refused to focus on her anymore, instead it kept replaying everything that proved to me that Edward and I weren't going to last. He left me once already. He refused to change me, feeding me some crap about worrying over my soul. Then he spent the rest of his time controlling everything I did and he had Alice help him. Those two, loved them both, don't get me wrong, but I swear they were made for each other. When they were together I just felt like a pet project for them. See how far they could go with controlling the pet before she broke. Dangle eternity like a carrot, see what she will do. "Sorry doesn't work for me, Bella. Sorry doesn't bring James back." Victoria stood up and stretched. "Not only that, but your wolves took Laurent away from me too. I have nothing left so neither will Edward." I watched as she slowly stalked across the room, my heart racing. I knew it was coming and yet, I couldn't find it in myself to fight. I had no reason to fight. If it wasn't Victoria hunting me down then it would be the Volturi so I might as well give in here. With a silent prayer to keep Charlie safe, I closed my eyes and waited. "They are close now. I need to get you ready for when Edward shows up. I want him to finish what I start." With that she grabbed my right arm and sliced it open, repeating the process on my left, causing me to cry out as she moved my broken arm. My eyes flew open as what she said sunk in. "You want him to kill me." "Yes, I thought that would just be the best way for things to go. You are his singer so he won't be able to resist the smell of your blood. Then he will have to live with the knowledge that he took your life." She leaned forward and tilted my head to the left so I was facing the door. "This shouldn't hurt for too long." I