AN – Welcome to the alternate version of The Unconventional Convention. As some had expressed an interest, this will be Bella having only one mate, but Jasper does still play an important role. If you are coming across this first and fell intrigued, go ahead and read this True Mates version, then read the original. I personally like both versions, but being the author I'm a bit biased. I won't put a long note here so you can read and enjoy. So without further ado…I give you Unconventional Convention True Mates! Chapter 1 – Bella watched out the window as the plane taxied up to the terminal. Looking out at Sea-Tac as the plane came to a halt, she couldn't ignore the excitement she felt about being this close to Forks, her home, that she had fled over seven years ago. Trying not to think about why she had fled to Houston, TX she prepared to disembark the plane. Following the crowd down the ramp, she went to the baggage claim to get her one lone suitcase before heading over to the rental desk to pick up the keys to her wheels for the weekend. She took the keys and went outside to her rental, stopping just outside the doors to soak in the typical Washington weather, overcast and dreary. As much as she loved the sun, there was a part of her still that loved this weather more. With a sigh she moved on to her rental, a Dodge Charger, and laughed to herself about the car. Seven years ago she wouldn't have cared about the comforts this car offered, she would only have cared if it got her from point A to point B, like her truck did. As she pulled out of the airport parking lot, she smiled fondly as she thought about her truck. When she decided to go to college in Houston, she had given her truck to the pack in La Push knowing they could use it to haul the wolves around and Jacob would be able to keep it running for them. Charlie had understood her need to leave, but he sure hadn't been happy about it. He made sure to come down to Houston to visit her as often as he could as she had refused to set foot in Forks again. Seattle wasn't really Forks, so she had agreed to suffer through the trip as it was required for her to graduate with her medical degree. Her last assignment for class was to attend this medical convention that was going on all weekend. Pulling into the parking garage for the hotel that the convention was being held in, she allowed herself to actually feel happy for the first time in years. Getting her medical degree was the only thing that had kept her going after she graduated high school. It gave her something to keep her focused on moving forward. Walking up to the check in counter, Bella waited for the young man working the desk to finish with the current guest standing in front of her. "Welcome to the Westin Seattle, are you checking in?" Bella looked up at the young man, not having noticed that he had finished with the person before her. "Yes, I need to check in for the medical convention as well as my room for the weekend." "I can get both of those handled for you. What is your name?" The young man asked as he started typing on the computer. "Isabella Swan." "Alright, Ms. Swan, I have you checked in for the convention and I will give you your badge and itinerary momentarily. Let me get you checked in for your room first." A frown creased his face as he read the screen. "Is there a problem?" Bella asked, hoping that she hadn't forgotten to do something to confirm her room. "Not anything we can't fix." He paused to type something into the computer. "It seems that we over booked the floors that we set aside for the convention and you are the last to check in." "What does that mean for me?" She asked, fisting her hands in worry. "Well, as this was an error on our side, we will upgrade you to the next available room." As she listened to his fingers type away at the computer, Bella felt her good mood slipping away. She had saved up for this weekend and had only managed to get enough for the room, car rental and a little bit of spending money in case she managed to get out of the hotel for a bit. This room upgrade was going to wreak havoc on her savings account. "How much more is this going to cost me?" "There will be no additional fees, Ms. Swan, as this was our error. We are going to set you up with a better room at the rate of the room you had originally requested." Bella sighed in relief. "That works." He chuckled. "Alright, it appears that you will be on the fifth floor in one of our suites. Let me get this all set up in the system so you can head up. I will have someone bring up the receipt as I need to wait for my manager to approve everything in the system." "Thank you." "Alright, Ms. Swan, I apologize for the issue. Here is your badge and itinerary for the convention." He handed her an envelope. "Also, you will be in room 5105, here is your room key. Please let us know if there's anything else we can do for you and someone will be up shortly with your printout." She took the room key and headed over to the lifts, taking one up to the fifth floor. Letting herself into her room, she took in the furnishings of the living room area she found herself standing in. Just the size of this room told her that the suite was going to be totally wasted on her as she was alone and didn't plan on entertaining anyone as she didn't know anyone at this convention. She had been the only one in her class that chose this convention to attend; the rest had chosen to go to the one in New York. Putting her bags in the bedroom, she went back to the living room and sat down with the itinerary. Looking it over, she saw that the seminars didn't start till the next morning, but there was a dinner being provided for the participants and speakers. Looking at her watch, she saw that dinner would be in about thirty minutes. Deciding she wanted a shower before dinner, she stood and moved towards the bedroom when she heard a knock on her door. Going to open the door, the first thing she noticed was the same young man from the check in desk earlier standing in front of her. Then she noticed a blonde headed man enter the room directly across from hers and close his door without turning around. At first she thought she had recognized him, causing her breath to hitch, but then she realized that there was no way he would be here, they had moved out of Washington over seven years ago and it was too soon for them to move back. The sound of a throat being cleared brought her attention back to the man standing at her door. Bella blushed and smiled shyly at him. "Sorry, umm, hi." "Hello again, Ms. Swan." He smiled at her and held something out to her. "As promised, here is the printout of the charges for your stay here this weekend." Bella took the proffered paper and glanced at the balance due, shot a confused look at the man standing before her and read over the printout again. "There has to be something wrong with this…" "No, Ms. Swan, everything is correct. When I contacted my manager about approving the upgrade with the same rates as the prior room, he informed me that your suite had already been paid for. There are no charges for your stay with us this weekend." "But, I…I don't understand." She whispered. "Who paid for it?" "Alas, Ms. Swan, that I cannot tell you. My manager was the one who handled this and he was under strict orders to leave the payment as anonymous." "Oh, well, I would have liked to say thank you to whoever paid for it." She looked at the printout again and then at the door across the way, but dismissed the thought before it even started. "Thank you for bringing me the receipt and for all your help." "It was nothing, Ms. Swan. Please enjoy your stay and let us know if you need anything else." Bella watched him walk away before closing her door. Going back to her previously vacated seat, she absent mindedly picked up the itinerary and glanced over the different seminars, not really seeing anything. Her mind was stuck on trying to figure out who would have paid for her room and the only conclusion she could come to was Charlie. He was the only one that knew she was here, other than her professors back in Houston. Glancing at the clock, she saw she only had about fifteen minutes until dinner was being served. Going into the bedroom, she grabbed a change of clothes before heading into the bathroom for a quick shower. Less than ten minutes later she was dressed in a pair of jeans with a black camisole. She finished off the outfit with a red button down and her black cowboy boots. Looking at herself in the mirror as she rolled the sleeves up to her elbows, she smiled at the changes Houston had made in her. Thanks to the setting, she spent most of her free time outside with her only friend there, learning to play the guitar and learning her way around horses. Her life really had changed. Grabbing her badge and room key, she did one last look in the mirror to make sure her makeup and attire were presentable and headed out of the room. Once downstairs, she followed the convention signs and joined a queue to enter the main conference room. Looking around, she hoped to see maybe one or two faces that she recognized from class, but she knew that she wouldn't. Walking into the conference room, she saw that tables had been set up so that everyone could choose where they wanted to sit. She was hoping for assigned seating, that way she wouldn't feel so shy about locating a place to sit. With a sigh, she moved over to the side of the room where the drinks were being served. Looking over the list provided, she asked for a glass of Riesling and turned back to survey the room after taking the glass offered. Bella noted that there were more people at this convention than she had expected, but she had to remember that the crowd before her also included the speakers. Seeing that most everyone had started gathering in groups, she saw a table along the far wall that was still empty so she quickly made her way over there. Claiming a chair that had her back towards the wall so she could watch the room around her. "Excuse me, ladies and gentlemen, if you could find your seats we will be serving dinner momentarily." Bella looked to the front of the room and saw the same young man from the check in counter walking away from the stage that was set up in the front of the room. Turning back to the room, she caught a glimpse of a tall well-built man walking away from her and she thought it must have been the same man who had the room across from hers once she saw the blonde hair. Studying the way he carried himself she found herself wishing that he was really there. Shaking