A/N – And here we go again. Short AN so you can get to reading. When a muse starts talking, its hard to ignore them even if it's a new one. This one pushed his way to the front and is here for your reading pleasure. As with all stuff on here, I do not own anything Twilight related, but oh how I enjoy playing in the Twilight sandbox. Read and enjoy! Chapter 1 Depression is being the only single person around that is completely surrounded by couples. Or that is how I feel at least. Right now I feel like the fifth wheel, quite literally, but that's all about to change, I just didn't know it. Let me tell you how this feeling came about. I had been on my way home from class when I was suddenly wrapped in a set of stone arms the size of trees and pulled further into the park I was walking along. I knew instantly what had grabbed me and I didn't bother to fight or scream, there was no point. Whoever had me was too strong and there was no way that I could fight back, so I just let them take me wherever they wanted. We stopped about ten feet into the trees and I waited, knowing that the next thing I would feel would be the pain of the bite. With a sigh I tilted my head, figuring it was the least I could do. I heard a chuckle and then felt a kiss on my neck. "Always so dramatic, Bells." I gasped. I knew that voice. "Emmett?" "Who else could it be?" He loosened his hold and spun me around. Reaching up he placed a hand on my cheek. "You've looked better, little sis." "Gee thanks, Em." I couldn't believe that he was there. I hadn't seen any of the Cullens in three years, not since Edward had left me. "So, are you going to tell me why you let me drag you off into the dark woods without a fight?" I sighed. "Emmett, I knew what had grabbed me. Do you think I could really fight off a vampire?" "Well, no, but you don't have to be so accepting about it. Don't you want to live?" "Yes, I guess, but I have learned that being a danger magnet means that I won't have much of a say in when I die." I couldn't help the feelings that came over me. I had closed those feelings behind a steel door after I came to terms with Edward leaving me, but seeing Emmett seemed to have ripped that door completely off its hinges. "So, what brings you to the great state of New York?" "Rose wanted to shop of course. She is off running around with Alice and I decided to go for a walk. Imagine my surprise when I came across a very familiar scent. I had to see you, I'm sorry." Emmett looked away and I swear he would have been blushing if that were still possible. "Why are you sorry?" "I know you didn't want to see us anymore, but after catching your scent I just had to make sure that you were ok." He looked back at me. "I've missed you." I was so beyond confused. "I never said I didn't want to see you anymore. I thought you guys didn't want to have anything to do with me since you left without saying good-bye." "Nope. You think I could ever not want to hang with my little sis? Edward told us that since you two decided to break it off that you didn't want anything to do with the family anymore." I could hear the hurt in his voice. "That's not exactly how everything happened, Emmett. He broke up with me and told me what I always knew was the truth. That I wasn't good enough for him and he was tired at playing at being a human. He said that you were all tired of the drama of being around me and that was why the family left." Emmett tightened his hug. "Edward forced us to leave, said that was for the best as he wanted you to live a normal human life and you didn't want us around anymore. I fought him over it, I didn't want to leave you. Now I wish I would have fought harder." I sighed and laid my head on his chest. I had forgotten how comforting it was to be held by someone. "Don't worry about it, Em. It's in the past and there's nothing we can do about it." Just then his phone went off. Reaching into his pocket he pulled out his phone. "It's Rose." I tried to move away but he held onto me. "Hey, Rosie." I could hear the love in his voice and I smiled. Rosalie was one lucky woman. "Yeah, I'm with her right now." He paused. "Alice, of course." I leaned back to look at him, arching an eyebrow. "Alice saw me drag you off into the woods." He chuckled. "Yes, Rose, I will tell her." Now I was really confused, maybe Rosalie wanted me to stay away from him; I mean she never did like me in the first place. "Alright, no I won't take no for an answer. We will see you in a bit." He paused. "Love you too." I watched as he put his phone back in his pocket and waited to see what it was that he had to tell me. Putting his arm around my shoulders, he led us out of the trees and back onto the path I had been on earlier. "Rose and Alice said to tell you hi." "Really?" "Of course. They both missed you and were a bit shocked to find you here in New York." I snorted. "That's surprising coming from Alice." "Edward had made her promise not to look in on you. She has done as requested, but really couldn't help it tonight as she never blocks out visions of the rest of us. You were a surprise to her and at first she was worried about us when all she saw was me grabbing you and dragging you into the trees." He laughed. "I swear, her lack of faith in us where you are concerned is really something." "Well, I trust you, Emmett, always have." "That's good to hear as I'm taking you with me to go meet up with everyone and I am not taking no for an answer." I sighed. I wanted to be angry with him telling me what to do but I really couldn't force the feeling as I was too happy to see everyone. "Are you sure they are ok with you bringing me along?" "Rose said you would be worried about that. She said to tell you that it was her idea to invite you along." "Really?" That didn't sound like the Rosalie I remembered. "I thought she didn't like me." "She didn't like you with Edward, but has no issues with you. I'm sure she can explain it better for you." Just then we walked up to a very nice looking hotel and he pulled me in the front doors. "Come on, the girls should be back in a few and I bet Jasper is already waiting for us." I stopped or tried to at least. It was hard to stop moving when a vampire had his arm around you. "Emmett, wait." He stopped and looked at me. "What's up?" "Are you sure about this? I mean Jasper has to hate me. I was dumb enough to get cut and caused him to try to attack me. I don't want to…" "Bella, stop it." Emmett interrupted my ramblings. "Jasper has expressed on many occasions that he wished he could apologize to you for that. Now he will get his chance and everyone can be happy again." He started moving forwards again but another thought hit me and I stopped in my tracks, this time Emmett was paying attention and stopped as well. "What now?" I took a deep breath, fearing the answer I would get. "He's not here is he?" "Yes, didn't I just say Jasper is probably up in the room waiting for us?" "Not Jasper." I whispered. "Oh." Emmett sighed. "Oh…umm…no. We haven't heard from him in a few months." That was shocking, but I felt better knowing he wasn't there. "Alright, let's go then." Laughing, he pulled me over to the elevator. "You still are a strange human, Bells." "Like you really expected me to change?" "Not really." Just then the elevator doors opened and he gestured for me to precede him. I watched him follow me in and push the button for the fifth floor, but as the doors started to close he started scanning the area outside the elevator and looked perplexed. "What's wrong?" "Nothing, I just thought I sensed another one of us in the lobby, but that didn't make sense." "Why is that? Isn't it common place for you guys to mingle with the food?" I laughed at the absurdity of my words. "Only you, Bells." He rolled his eyes. "No, it was odd as I know who I sensed and he never mingles with his food as you put it." "Oh, well then there must be a reason right?" I started to wonder who this vampire was and why Emmett looked a bit freaked out over sensing him here. "Yes, good point." He sighed as the doors opened. "Ok, enough of Garrett talk, let's go surprise the empath." Shaking my head at his happiness to mess with his brother, I followed Emmett out of the elevator. Not paying attention, nothing new right, I ran right into him as he had stopped right in front of me. Rubbing my shoulder as it had taken the brunt of my contact with the stone body I hit, I looked up at him in confusion. "Why did you just make me run into you?" Emmett laughed at me. "Well, I didn't make you do anything, but it's nice to see you still don't pay attention to your surroundings." "Gee thanks." I just knew that I was going to bruise from that impact. "I know he will sense you if we go at your pace. Our room is at the end of the hall and no one else is around. Care for the speedy ride to the room?" He looked at me so hopeful that I would say yes that I couldn't deny him. "I can never say no to that face, Emmett." With a laugh he pulled me up onto his back. "I will have to remember that." The next thing I knew we were at the door to the room and then standing in the living room of the suite. I heard movement coming from the next room and a door opening. "Emmett, I wasn't expecting you back this soon. Are the girls…?" I heard a gasp and I was afraid to move as I was still on Emmett's back. Emmett was so hopeful that they all wanted to see me and I was now not so sure that bringing me here was a good idea. Emmett squeezed my legs before lowering me to the floor. "The girls will be here in a bit, Jazz." I wanted to move but I couldn't seem to make my legs obey me. So I stayed behind Emmett. "Emmett, what is she doing here?" Jasper asked as he moved further into the room. "She is here because I want her to be. I ran into her on my walk and I wasn't quite ready to let her go. I've missed her and so have the girls." Emmett tried to pull me from behind him, but it didn't work. I wasn't moving as it seemed like Jasper really didn't want me here. "Emmett, this was a bad idea. I