AN – And here we are again. This time Bella has moved on and has revamped (no pun intended) herself away from Forks. I will keep this short and let you enjoy. Chapter 1 – I sat at the bar, holding onto the beer that was just handed to me. Thinking back over the day's events, I was quite amazed that all I was drinking was beer. Learning that your father is getting remarried is quite a blow in itself, but learning that he was marrying into a family of shape shifters, yeah that bit takes the cake. Don't get me wrong, I have no issues with anyone at the rez, but I had to admit that I worried about the danger Charlie was getting into. It wasn't something I could talk to him about as I don't know what they plan on telling him. Last time I talked to Jake, most of the pack had stopped phasing since the Cullens hadn't shown any signs that they were coming back to Forks any time soon. I laughed quietly to myself as I sipped my beer. It only took three years to get over the pain caused by just thinking the name 'Cullen'. My world had been turned upside down the day Edward left me in the woods and after getting over the hurt and pain, all I feel towards him is hatred. Thanks to Edward, I will never let another man control my life. "Bella?" I looked up at the bartender, hearing my name. "What's up Tom?" He nodded in the direction over my left shoulder. "There are two guys sitting in that back booth staring you down. You want me to get rid of them?" I turned to look in the direction of the booth in question and was thankful that I was already sitting down. My eyes met a pair of bright red eyes that did not belong with the golden haired man I once knew. Turning back around, I took a deep breath and downed the rest of my beer. "No, Tom, leave them be." I sighed, not sure how I wanted to handle this. "Give me a shot of Jack and another Shiner please." "Coming right up, Bella." Tom stepped away to get my order. I watched him work and was comforted by his calm and easy manner. Once I graduated high school, I started spending more and more time in Seattle and that's how I met Tom. We actually met in a book store of all places and after talking, he offered me a job at the bar. His bar. Saint Tom's. I still give him a hard time about the name, but I have enjoyed working here ever since we met, which was just over two years ago. Shortly after getting the job, we became roommates, which worked out well since he was the only one I knew in Seattle and I didn't have to worry about any unwanted advances. I wasn't what Tom normally dated, wrong parts. I snickered at my thoughts. "As requested, here is your shot of Jack, your Shiner and since I am so good at reading you, another shot of Jack." Tom laughed as he lined my drinks up for me. "Consider my offer. I mean it." "Thanks Tom." I smiled as he turned away. I knew he meant the offer, but I also knew that unless the two wanted to leave, there was really nothing Tom could do to make them go. Grabbing one of the shots, I turned on my barstool so I was looking over the rest of the bar, snickering quietly at the couples out on the dance floor. Not a single one of them sober enough to actually dance to the music. Surreptitiously I looked at the back booth and found myself looking at someone else, but with the same red eyes. This man had short light brown hair, but as I studied his features and saw his smirk, I realized he could be brothers with the one that was missing. Offering a smirk of my own, I tipped my head back and reveled in the burn of the Jack sliding down my throat. Setting the shot glass down, I picked up the other one and turned back to my perusal of the bar. Only to find the back booth totally empty. Sighing, I turned back to look at the couples attempting to dance and chuckled as one guy tried to dip his partner, only to drop her on her head. A part of me wished that there was someone there for me to dance with. Since I started working in this bar, all I listened to was country music; I had wanted to learn to dance so I got Tom to teach me the dances. He would usually sweep up the floor after we shut down and put on a few songs so we could dance and that was usually the highlight of my night. Seeing as how it was my night off, I wouldn't be there after close as he always kicked me out saying I needed to relax a bit. Suddenly a feeling of being watched had me turning my head towards the back only to find myself staring into the red eyes of the nameless man from the booth. I watched as he smirked again and started walking towards me, stopping when he was a foot away. Leaning back against the bar, I quickly downed the shot of Jack and set the glass on the bar behind me without looking. I couldn't look away from the man in front of me. I barely kept myself from reaching out for him which confused me. "Ma'am." He smiled at me, tipping an imaginary hat. "Would you care to dance?" It was like he had been reading my mind a few moments ago. As I thought about it, he held out his hand for me and without a second thought, I placed my hand in his, shivering at the feel of his cold skin. "I would love to." Following him to the dance floor, I noticed that most of the couples from earlier had sat down and left the floor open to us. Turning to face him once we reached the center of the floor, I noticed his companion at the jukebox selecting the music. So they were teaming up on me. Interesting. Not wanting to miss the chance to dance, I decided to just enjoy the night. As the first few notes of Travis Tritt's TROUBLE flowed out of the speakers I grinned and placed my left hand on his shoulder. This close to him I was able to notice his scent, a mixture of warm leather and cinnamon. It reminded me of someone, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. Trying to pry the grin off of my face unsuccessfully, I smirked at him. "Try not to kill me please." He chuckled and pulled me closer so that I was pressed up against his side. "I wouldn't dream of it, Bella." Looking up at him, I just shook my head. Of course he would know my name. "Alright, cowboy, I don't like being at a disadvantage and there are already too many of those with you. You obviously know who I am, but I only know what you are." At that, he looked down at me with a smirk and a hint of appreciation. Moving us around on the floor to the pace of the song, he grinned down at me. "Well, ma'am, we can't have you feeling like that now can we? My name is Peter, pleased to make your acquaintance." "Alright, Peter, you have some explaining to do later, but for now, wow me with your dancing skills." I laughed as he gave me a look like I had just issued him a challenge. Peter pulled me a little closer and growled low in my ear. "Be careful, Bella, I'm not tame like the ones you are used to. I do bite." I gasped as he whirled me around the floor to the fast beat of the song and halfway through he started moving the steps into the jitter bug. Loving the feel of his hands on me as he spun me around him and tossed me around the dance floor, I gave myself over to the pure joy that I could only get from dancing. All too soon the song was over, but he didn't let go of me, only slowed down the pace of his steps, leading me into a basic two-step. "You were not what I was expecting." He growled again. "I am not easily surprised." I leaned back to look into his face. He looked like someone had just told him the sky was really green when he had always thought it was blue. "Well, cowboy, what were you expecting?" Peter met my eyes as he moved us around the dance floor. "I was expecting you to act like a normal human and be afraid of me. Especially knowing that I'm not one of your tame Cullens." "Well, being afraid is no longer in my personality, sorry." I smiled up at him, enjoying this talk. If I was being honest with myself, I had missed my second family a lot over the past three years. "So, seeing as how you seem to know so much about me, tell me something. Why are you here?" He guided me around into a spin and then pulled me back into his arms. "Would you believe me if I said I came here to dance?" With a laugh, I shook my head. "Not a chance." "Umm…how about I came because I was dragged here?" Laughing again, I smiled up at him. "You don't strike me as the type to do something unless you want to. Try again, cowboy." Giving me a look of utter defeat, he moved us to the side of the dance floor as the song had ended. "Oh alright. The Major made me do it." "Well that doesn't make any more sense than your previous attempts." I was about to poke him to get a better answer when his hand tightened on my waist. "He's telling the truth." I gasped and turned around to be met with the red eyes of Jasper Hale. He was close enough that I could smell his scent, which reminded me of warm leather and tobacco. As his scent registered in my system, I noticed a similarity to what I smelled on Peter. I wondered if that meant anything. As it was, all I could do was stare at Jasper; no words were able to pass my numb lips. He chuckled. "Hi Bella." "Jasper…hi." I closed my eyes briefly, hoping for a reset to my brain. I opened my eyes and tried again. "It's been a while." "Yes, it has." Jasper looked at me with a sorrowful smile. "I want to apologize for what happened. I didn't mean to…" "Jasper, you listen to me and listen well." I took a step forward and pushed Peter's hands off me. "You have nothing to apologize for. I was the one that got hurt in a room full of vampires and you were the one that had to deal with everyone's bloodlust. It was NOT your fault." Jasper took a step back from the force with which I spoke. His eyes widened and I felt a sense of shock and disbelief float over me before the feelings were cut off. "Bella, you don't understand…" Closing the distance between us, I poked him in the chest while maintaining eye contact. "You listen to me. I understand more than you apparently want to admit. You spent enough time with that family letting you think that you were less than you are and I am not going to help them. You are an empath, Jazz, and I know that you feel everything that those around