Ok guys, this is my first Twilight fanfic so be kind. This is how I would have liked to see things go after the big break up in New Moon. Even in the books I was a huge Jasper fan and now I am taking the leap of writing my own pairings and there will be a few OCs just to spice things up. I know we all have our fav pairings for this series and I have to admit, I am not an Edward fan so there is not much hope that Edward will be favorably portrayed in this fanfic, so if you can't handle that, this is not the story for you. This is rated M for language and future lemons. In the morning when the sun breaks free A reflection that I know I've seen In the night it's haunting me A lonely ghost, a lonely ghost Ever since I was just a child I've seen the visions in my sleep Of a man roaming through the wild With all these ghosts, a lonely ghost But you can't breathe in if you don't breathe out 'Cuz it's a new day, we're gonna go far Knuckle down, trim and shake off the dead weight You know what they say You can't hide from your ghosts 'Cuz it's a new day, I wanna go far Break it down, jump the gun, find a new way You know what they say I'm stuck here living with all these ghosts, a lonely ghost Unknown POV "Aro, it's been 10 years. I have kept my promise, now bring them here." JPOV I had found myself a well secluded meadow, far enough away from notice and all I wanted to do was just sit and think. Moving to the center of the meadow, I laid down and looked up to the sky, watching the clouds float past and soaking up the sun. I couldn't even begin to recall the last time I had been able to relax like this. Definitely not a common occurrence in the past. I felt a growl start as I let my mind drift with the clouds, I thought back over the past 10 or so years and how much my life had changed. This was a rarity as thinking back to that time usual gave me a headache and that was hard to do to a vampire. Our little family had been as happy as can be expected for a bunch of immortals. My first taste of what family should be like and I owe that all to the little pixie. When I found Alice, she had told me that we would meet up with the Cullens and they would help me adjust to my new immortal life, well outside of the wars that is. Life with the Cullens had started out hard for me but by the time we moved to Forks I had better control over my thirst than they knew or were willing to acknowledge. I was used to their worry about me slipping and could only hope that they would eventually get over it. None of us knew what was going to happen when we moved to Forks. I certainly wasn't expecting anything, but I bet that little pixie did. I never did ask her about that, interesting. I tried not to think about the time we spent in Forks, Edward and his stupidity and the hell we put Bella through. No one should be toyed with like that. After what happened at her birthday party, Edward forced us to leave Forks, leave Bella behind. I knew what that was going to do to her, but no one listened to me. I was out voted and Alice dragged me with her and the rest of the family to Alaska. The longer we were there, the more guilt riddled I became over how we had treated Bella. We had accepted her into our family and then just left her behind at the orders of a spoiled brat. Edward laid down the law once we got there, no one was to make any attempts to look in on Bella or go back to Forks. He claimed he was doing it to protect her from our world, but I was paying close attention to his emotions back then and I knew he was lying to us. I just didn't know what the truth was behind the sudden move. The stress of what we had done only seemed to affect me. Alice was fine following Edward wherever he told her to go, secretly I thought she wanted to be with him and not me, but she kept her emotions under control when he was around. Carlisle and Esme were always willing to follow Edward like the doting parents they were. Edward could do no wrong in their eyes. Rose and Emmett were easily swayed as long as they got to be together, that and Rose didn't want Bella in our world. I knew Rose's real reasons for being such a bitch to Bella, but I never confronted her on them. She knew that I understood and that was enough. She didn't want Bella to give up life and its many possibilities to be frozen in place for all eternity. Emmett did anything he could to keep his Rose happy even though leaving Bella behind broke his big bear of a heart. He loved his little sister and I truly think that he was the most affected by leaving her behind. He had put up the biggest fight over leaving her too, well biggest if you took me out of the picture. The shock on everyone's faces when I stood up to Edward and told him he was being a selfish prick and that he couldn't just make us all abandon Bella. He claimed he was doing it for Bella and that it was in her best interest if we all left her alone. I watched his emotions and when he made that comment he had been feeling excitement mixed with sorrow which really threw me for a loop. He was acting as if he was really upset about leaving her behind, but emotionally he wasn't matching up to his words. Once he forced us all to Alaska to visit our cousins in Denali, I kept my distance from him and most of the family too. Alice was the only one I would interact with, she felt bad about leaving Bella, but she was glad to follow Edward if that made him happy. That was when I started to wonder if we were really mates or if we were only together for convenience and companionship. The more I thought about it the more it seemed to fit. We were nothing like Rose and Em or even Carlisle and Esme. We did everything that normal couples did, but it just didn't feel the same as what the others projected emotionally. It was starting to feel forced. Not long after we left, I started to feel really bad about what we had done to Bella and started thinking about checking on her, which was expressly forbidden by the high and mighty Edward. It never failed to start a fight if he was around when I started thinking about what we did to her. He would always yell at me, telling me to forget about her and would then say it was entirely my fault that we left. I knew what he was talking about. He knew exactly what was going on at the birthday party as he could read my mind, but he insisted otherwise. I am not sure why, but he felt the need for the family to think of me as the weak willed bad guy. I was still watching the clouds float by above me and was lost in thought, thinking back over the last time I saw Bella. It was her at her birthday party that went disastrously wrong. Even after she saw the blood lust strike the vampires around her, she looked at me with a calmness that still confused me. She had given me such a look of trust and faith and that is when I lunged forward to be held back. Thinking back on that nightmare, I could only think over how she had always reacted to being in our world. Ever since she came to Forks, I had always been intrigued by her emotions. She never felt what you expected from a normal human and she was always shocking me. The fact that I could sense her emotions and affect them always drove Edward insane, but I had pretty much figured out what Bella was doing from the get go, which I chalked up to dealing with so many vampires and newborns in my first century as a vampire. I just made sure to keep those thoughts hidden. If turned, Bella would be a very powerful shield, but the type of shield would not be fully known until she was turned. From my past experience, a shield either had a mental or physical aspect, which Bella appeared to have the mental shield as she had blocked Edward from reading her thoughts since he first saw her in the cafeteria. Most shields also had at least one other secondary ability and I was intrigued to find out what else our Bella could do. I had to admit, I was jealous of her shield. It got to be very tiring to have to control my thoughts to keep anything private. After a while I learned how to keep Edward out of my head. Whenever I wanted mental privacy when he was around, all I had to do was to think back on my time in the Southern Vampire Wars. Edward was instantly disgusted by my memories as he knew that if needed, what they call the Major, the more instinctual, animalistic side of me, would surface. Alice was the same way, anything that I did that reminded her that I was from the south drove her crazy and I slowly tucked that part of me away. I was always made to feel ashamed of my past, like it was something they were always afraid would repeat itself given the chance. Guess I should have known what was coming, but I was just as blindsided as everyone else. It wasn't long after we moved from Forks that the shit hit the fan, well not long for an immortal. A year for us flies by like a month does to a human. I am not one that can idly sit by and do nothing when I know that someone I care about is being wronged, and that is what the Cullens were doing to Bella. Edward refused to speak of her and would fly into a rage if we even thought of mentioning her. Anytime one of us, either Emmett or I, would corner Edward to try to get him to see reason, Alice would be there to defend him. At first I was hurt by her actions. She claimed to be Bella's best friend and she was my wife, yet she fully sided with Edward that leaving her was the smart thing to do. The longer we were in Alaska the worse it got until one day I just snapped. I had just cornered Edward hoping to get him to be ok with me checking in on Bella. We had been away from her for over a year and I had this feeling that something bad had happened to her and I couldn't shake it. Without a conscious effort, the argument replayed in my brain as I stared at the sky. "Edward, would you listen to me for just a damn second. Something is wrong, I can feel it. If you won't check on her then let me." I pleaded, trying to stay calm. Edward growled at me. "Drop it Jasper. I said no one is