Sunlight filtered into the room through the enormous west facing windows, slowly beginning to creep its way across the floor, washing out the gray carpet as it went. The room was designed to have a calming effect on those who waited within it. The walls were a pale shade of blue that imitated the sky on a clear and carefree day. The chairs were arranged in a sort of open circle with a table at their center, and a few plants were strategically placed about the room as well. The only sound was the gentle scratching of a pencil against paper. The receptionist had stepped out to use the restroom so there was only one occupant in the room and she sat quietly. She was curled up in the corner recliner, the only comfortable place in the entire office, and worked with her pencil over her sketchpad. She was focused entirely on what she was doing but her expression was soft, like she hadn't a worry in the world. Her eyes followed the path of her pencil, carefully bringing the image in her mind to life on the paper. To a casual observer she may have appeared peaceful, at ease in this tranquil place, but that was far from reality. A loud bang came from down the hall, immediately followed by shouting, but she wasn't fazed in the slightest. Every Tuesday afternoon at 3 o'clock she had an appointment with Dr. Hadley, and every Tuesday at 2 o'clock Ms. Lewis had her appointment. Ms. Lewis was one of what the girl had deemed 'Hadley's Crazies', because crazy is exactly what each one of her patients was, each one except the girl. She had no reason or desire to be there; she would have rather been anywhere else, but she had no say in the matter. It had been mandated by the system she was stuck in, they thought, or pretended to think, it would help her. The two oblivious parent wanna-be's that had adopted her were more than willing to abide, they treated her more like an accessory than a daughter anyway. So there she went, every Tuesday, and every Tuesday Ms. Lewis would slam open the office door at five minutes to 3 o'cock and leave in a terrible fit, you could set your watch by her, she was that predictable. Of course the first few times had given the girl a start, but she and Ms. Lewis had been coming here for many years now and they had always had those same appointments. The girl no longer batted an eye at her outbursts. She wasn't sure what caused them, only the doctor could know that, but it was like Ms. Lewis was an alarm programmed to go off each Tuesday at 2:55 in the afternoon. Sometimes the girl wondered if it was restricted to Tuesday's or if it happened every other day of the week as well. "Ms. Lewis!" the receptionist came rushing out of the bathroom. Claire or maybe it was Claudia; the girl never made the effort to remember her name. "Ms. Lewis!" She wrenched open the front door, which Ms. Lewis had just disappeared through and yelled after her, "Ms. Lewis, don't forget your appointment next Tuesday at 2pm!" The receptionist turned around looking flustered, as she always did after chasing Ms. Lewis out the door, though today Claudia had the added bonus of a half tucked shirt from her trip to the bathroom. The girl didn't understand why the receptionist insisted on running after Ms. Lewis and shouting her appointment time after her each week, it never changed, at least not for the past five years. Claire took a moment to collect herself before returning to her desk. Once there she looked to the girl and said with that annoyingly bright smile, "Dr. Hadley will be right with you, you can go and wait in her office if you'd like." It was the same thing she said every Tuesday, of every week, of every year. The girl flipped her notebook closed and tucked it along with her pencils away into her bag. As she rose she hoisted it up onto her shoulder and crossed the lobby to take the familiar path to the doctor's office, nothing she hadn't done well over a hundred times by now. Down the hall, third door on the left, gently open the door so it didn't knock down the poorly placed wall hanging behind it. So familiar was she with her path that she was several steps into the room before she looked up and saw a not so familiar occupant. 3 o'clock had been her appointment for as long as she could remember, every Tuesday of every month of every year for the past five years; it was always the same. But it seemed someone had made an error, somewhere along the lines there had been a mix up or misunderstanding because there was an elderly man in the room, and judging by his appearance he too was one of Hadley's Crazies. He had chosen to sit in the doctor's seat rather than the patient's and he looked quite comfortable there. He had sparkling blue eyes that sat behind half moon spectacles; his beard and hair were each at least two feet long and as white as snow; and he wore floor length midnight blue robes with a matching hat. He was most definitely one of Hadley's Crazies. "I'm sorry, she told me to come back. There must have been a mix up," she said. "No need to apologize, there was no mix up," the man said plainly. She paused, wondering how he had even managed to get into the office without passing her in the waiting room. Unless he could teleport, which was absurd. She shook the outrageous thought away, "I'm going to go ask Claire what's going on." She made to turn around when he spoke again, " Clarissa won't be able to tell you, she isn't aware that I am here." So that was the receptionist's name, although the man was likely a patient, which would put his credibility level somewhere south of zero. "So you're invisible to everyone but me, is that it?" she asked, her voice dripping with sarcasm. He gave a small chuckle, "In a manner of speaking, yes I am." She suppressed a small laugh, "okay then, why is it I can see you?" "Because you're the one I came to speak with," he said still smiling. She was still slightly amused by his delusion but decided it was best not to participate any longer. "I'll go and get the doc for you, I think she's the one you need to speak with." She turned to leave the office but stopped dead when he spoke again. "No Kaelix, I came to speak with you," he corrected her. The slight amusement fell from her face and her mind started doing cartwheels. She turned back slowly to see his still smiling face, though now she felt as though it was mocking her, like he knew something she did not. "And how is it that you know my name?" she asked flatly. "That is a story best saved for another time and place, but please come and sit down, there is plenty for us to discuss today," he said, indicating the chair across from his own. Kaelix still hesitated, "How do I know that you're not one of Hadley's Crazies?" "How would you know if I was?" he asked simply "Well it seems rather obvious; you're not exactly dressed for a stroll through town," she pointed out. "That depends on the town," he said with a smile. She suppressed another scoff, "Are you suggesting that there are towns where your current attire is acceptable on a daily basis?" "Of course there are, several in fact." "Now you look and sound crazy." "And you haven't even heard any of what I came here to discuss with you." "Well, why don't you tell me already." "Very well then, I've come here to extend to you an invitation to study at my school." "And what school is that?" she asked doubtfully. "Hogwarts, School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. But that should come as no surprise to you." There was a moment of silence during which Kaelix contemplated who was crazier; him for telling her this story, or her for staying to listen. "Did you think that would make you sound less crazy?" "Not at all and I never claimed such a thing. But the fact is you are still here." "What does that matter?" "If you truly believed that I was one of, how did you put it? Ah, yes, Hadley's Crazies, then you would have left already. The fact that you're still here means that you believe otherwise." "You have no idea what I do or do not believe, Old Man. Now how is it that you know who I am?" "Unfortunately, it is much too long of a story for today," he said with a small sigh. "Give me the short version," she said stubbornly. He paused and considered her for a moment with a soft expression; his gaze however, was striking. She wondered what he contemplated behind his unwavering façade, what did he hide there? Surely it was something significant for it to be so well guarded. Despite his outwardly eccentric appearance, the man had a certain air of greatness about him that asserted credibility. And although he carried it without arrogance, Kaelix was not impressed with his humility either; it felt more like a tactic than sincerity; he wasn't here to offer her anything, he was here because he wanted something. "Very well," he said without warning. "I came to know you through a friend of mine." Kaelix waited for more but he did not elaborate. "That's it?" she asked incredulously. "That is the short version, as you requested. Now if you'll come and have a seat, we have other matters to discuss." She stood in the doorway stuck in uncertainty. She wasn't convinced that she could trust this man. This stranger that mysteriously showed up in her appointment room, waiting for her, knowing she would be there and somehow knowing her name. Kaelix glanced back down the hall toward the waiting room and wondered; if she simply walked out, would the man be back again the next week, patiently waiting for her in Dr. Hadley's chair? Somehow, though she didn't understand how, somehow she knew he would be. "Don't worry, we won't be disturbed," he said, mistaking her reason for looking. She looked back into the room at him with her brow furrowed. What he said made no sense at all considering she had an appointment and the doc would be there at any moment. But again for some unexplainable reason, she believed that he was right, they would not be interrupted. "I almost forgot, I have something for you," he said as he reached into his robes. When his hand emerged he was holding a small envelope. He extended it in her direction, indicating that she should take it. She hesitated for a moment but then made her way into the room to see what this envelope contained. It was thicker than she had imagined it would be, not just the contents but the envelope itself seemed to be made of rough thick paper, almost like parchment. On the front, in emerald green ink was her name, Kaelix Williams, and an address that had once been hers. "What is this?" she said a little sharper than she had intended. "Something long overdue." He said with that warm yet mysterious smile. When it was clear that he was not going to add anything else, Kaelix flipped the envelope over and carefully broke the seal with her finger. Inside the envelope there were three separate pieces of the parchment style paper, she removed the foremost one first. As she unfolded it she began to