"Tani!" Jason yelled. "Mmm?" I asked not looking up from the sketch pad propped on my knees. For once, the weather was nice in La Push and my best friend Jason and I were taking advantage of it by spending our time outside. "Tani look!" "Just a second." I said in frustration trying to get the shading in the eyes right. I never could seem to manage it, I knew them so well, but still... Something was missing. He made an irritated noise and dropped from a branch of the tree I'd been leaning against and crossed his arms over his chest. Though he was only six, he was already tall for his age and was looking down at me with a strange expression, as if he wasn't sure if he was annoyed or disappointed. "You were supposed to be watching me." He said moodily. "I was." I muttered distracted, adding more detail to the jawline. "No you weren't." he complained. "You were drawing. You're always drawing." "And you're always climbing trees." "But you said you'd watch." He said dejectedly kicking a rock and watching it skitter into the creek that cut through the woods. "Do you ever stop?" "Stop what?" "Drawing!" "I have to eat." I pointed out. "Yeah and you draw then too." He said grumpily, flopping onto the grass and staring up at the clouds in a defeated way. I looked at him feeling a little guilty. He'd been so excited to hang out today now that we had some decent weather, he liked being outdoors and I hadn't been paying him much attention. People often got frustrated with me because of this, but being my best friend, Jason got the worst of it. "You're always so distracted." He said quietly but his expression changed when he glanced at the sketch book. "Is that me?" he asked sitting up grinning and looking down at the paper. I nodded looking up at him feeling a little upset. Even sitting he was much taller than me, and from this angle I could see it was all wrong. I could never draw him well enough. He didn't agree apparently. "It's good." He said inspecting the sketch. "You think so?" I asked uncertainly. "Yeah." He said holding the sketch next to his face and grinning to compare. "Don't you?" The honest answer was no, he looked so much better in real life. There was something about his dark eyes that glittered in a way I just couldn't seem to capture on paper even if they had been burned into my mind. The same with his confident smile, or the way his black hair just seemed to fall exactly in the right place. Jason was one of those people you just knew was going to grow up to be extremely good looking. Our parents always talked about it. "I dunno," I said shrugging and he handed me back the sketch book. "You know as much as I love being your model." He said laying back down looking much happier as he placed his arms behind his head and I resisted the temptation to roll my eyes. "But do you ever think you could draw me doing something cooler?" "Like what?" I asked frowning. "I dunno," he said shrugging but grinning all the same. "Shooting lasers out of my eyes or something like that." "You're such a boy." I muttered and he laughed watching the leaves sway above us. "You know you won't be able to draw all day at school right?" "I know." I said frowning. "You excited for your first day?" "Of school?" "Yeah." "I dunno." I said honestly. Jason was a year older than me and had already started school on the reservation. I had to admit I was a little nervous. "What's wrong?" he asked sitting up and looking me with concern. "What if I can't make friends?" I asked frowning. I didn't know anyone my age. The only person I really spent time with was Jason and I'd known him since before I could walk. I expected him to laugh, but he didn't. Jason never had this sort of problem, everyone loved him. Whenever our parents took us to the play ground he always was running around the boys while I sat and drawing by myself. He never had any problem finding friends. "You'll be fine." He said confidently. "But what if I'm not?" "You will be." He said with a grin. "Besides we'll have lunch and recess together, and if anyone's mean to you just tell me and I'll push them off the monkey bars for you." He tugged one of my braids and I grinned. "Alright. Thanks Jason." "No problem Tan." He said returning the smile and pulling me down so I was laying next to him. "You know I'll always be there for you." "Promise?" I asked quietly. I was looking up at the sky but from the corner of my eye I could see his head was turned towards me. "Is that even a question?" he asked quietly. I felt his hand meet mine and he gave it a reassuring squeeze. "Of course. You're the most important person in the world to me." I smiled. "Nothing is going to change that." "Tani?" I jerked awake and looked around wildly to hear my alarm blaring and see to I'd fallen asleep on my sketch book. I was still holding my pencil and my headphones were next to me blasting music. "Tani, are you still asleep?" I groaned as I heard my door open and my cousin Nona stepped into the room. She was already dressed her long black hair pulled into a high pony tail and her light brown eyes staring at me in a mixture of amusement and exasperation as she spotted my sketch book. "Why am I not surprised?" she asked grinning. "We're you drawing all night?" I tried to say something, but it came out as a yawn and something that sounded like. "Yurmph." "Right," she said amused. "Well hurry up, we're leaving for a school soon." "Ok." I muttered letting my head fall back on my arms. She laughed and I heard the door close. I allowed myself another couple of seconds of laziness before I sat up, slid out of bed, and onto my feet feeling nervous. Finally, after two years of living in California, I was going back to school on the reservation. I'd be entering the high school here as a junior and while a week ago I'd sworn up and down that this was what I wanted, now… Now I wasn't so sure. I hadn't seen him in so long. Was this really a good idea? I tried to put this from my mind as I braided my hair and glanced at my reflection in the mirror that hung on my door. I looked nothing like my cousin. My hair was dark like hers, but that was really the only thing we had in common. Where she was all tall and gorgeous, I was short, and distinctly forgettable. There was only one thing that might have been considered remarkable about my appearance. I had green eyes. No one else in my family had them or knew where they came from, but even then they were hidden behind black square glasses that were fashionable in California, but I was starting to think would be considered dorky on the reservation. "Well, too late to worry about that now." I muttered to myself then continued to get ready. I glanced outside, saw the weather was dismal and changed. I'd just grabbed my jacket and school things, and was about to meet Nona who was calling from the front door, when I glanced at my bed and spotted my sketch book. I hesitated, my eyes drifting over my latest sketch. The dark wolf glared at me from the page, it's eyes glittering in the way that had frustrated me so often me when I was younger. It's gaze intense, protective, and somehow familiar… I shook my head. How often had I drawn it over the last few years? I walked over and grabbed the sketch book, shoving it in my bag knowing it would feel wrong going to school without it. "Tani!" Nona shouted. "Coming!" I called back shouldering my bag and running into the hall. "Took you long enough." She said rolling her eyes grabbing her keys from the ring next to the door and I took the bagel she handed me. "Sorry." I said biting into the bagel. "Well let's get going." She said as we pulled up our hoods and stepped into the familiar drizzle that seemed to reside permanently over La Push. I let Nona talk as we drove to school, suggesting clubs I should get involved with and people I should try to be friends with. She didn't seem to mind that I didn't answer, Nona would have talked to wall if she thought it would listen. Instead, I watched the mossy landscape pass wondering if at some point today I'd have time to draw any of it. I knew most people wouldn't understand why I would give up living in California to move back to La Push and if I was honest, I wasn't exactly sure why I'd done it myself. All I knew was that despite my reasons for leaving, from the day I'd left I'd wanted to come back. Don't get me wrong, California was great. The beaches were amazing and the sunlight was something we could only dream about here, but still, something about it was missing. I wasn't sure what it was but I'd felt it the moment I'd come back to the reservation. Something about this place just felt right. It felt like home. We pulled into the lot in front of the school and I looked at the building that served as the only school on the reservation. It was smaller than I remembered, and people were running towards it trying to avoid the rain. "You ready?" Nona asked me brightly and I nodded. We stepped out of the car and made our way with the crowd to the building. "Think you'll be ok finding your classes on your own?" she asked waving to a couple her friends as we stepped into the entrance hall. "I've got a meeting with the student council before class but I can be late if you need help." Nona was extremely popular and involved in practically every association the school had to offer. It wasn't surprising she was so well known, she was pretty and one of the nicest people anyone would meet. Even when we were younger and no one was that interested in me she always made time for us to hang out. She treated me more like a sister than a cousin and I could tell she was worried about leaving me on my own on my first day. "I'll be fine." I assured her. "You can go ahead." "Alright." She said a little uncertainly. "I'll see you later. Let me know if you need anything, ok?" I nodded and she jogged over to her friends who made their way down the hall in the direction of the teacher's lounge where I guessed the meeting would be held. I walked through the halls, lined with class doors and gray lockers, surprised to find I'd even missed the rainy weather. I smiled with the familiarity of it. No one really recognized me as I passed through the halls, but I wasn't surprised. I'd never exactly been a social butterfly so I was a little startled when I'd heard my name shouted over the crowd. "Tani!" I turned to see a tall boy rushing towards me, grinning as he tackled me into a hug. "Alex! You're crushing me!" I gasped and he laughed as he let me go. "When did you get back?" he asked excitedly. "Just this weekend." I muttered rubbing