Author's Notes : This is a project I came up with a few months ago while working on my other story, The Underdogs (formerly known as Pass Slowly , formerly known as Midnight Hands , formerly known as No Greater Love , and I'm still not sure I've found the right title). In the writing of the abovementioned story, I managed to grow attached to my two favorite canon characters, Wiress and Beetee. In fact, I grew so fond of them that I decided to tweak the canon of Catching Fire a little bit so that Wiress ended up surviving the events of the revolution, and she and Beetee played a large role in the main characters' story. The only problem with this was that I was focusing a little too much on them and not enough on the OCs I actually wanted to write about in the first place, so I figured if I wanted to write about these characters, I could at least do it when Wiress was, you know, actually alive and devote a separate story to them to get it out of my system. Thing is, I wanted to write about Wiress's Games because that's when I imagine her story really starting, but Wiress is a complex character who thinks on a different level than everyone else, and I didn't know if I could pull off a story from her point of view. I could have remedied the issue by writing it from Beetee's point of view, but I also wanted to be in the action, not watching it from afar. So I compromised and created yet another OC to give myself (and the audience) some distance from a character like Wiress and provide another perspective on what's happening, this time in the form of an ally she had in her Games: Twelve-year-old Aslan Klein of District 5. Hence, the story is written in her first-person point of view, so we'll be seeing some of her life as well as Wiress's. I like it; I think it gives another layer of depth to the story and provides some of the backstory to The Underdogs , explaining why Wiress and Beetee are the way they are from the main characters' point of view. One last disclaimer : I borrowed a few aspects of this story from Breathe by NutsAndVolts (with permission!), perhaps the longest and most elaborate Wiress/Beetee story I've read to date, and I guess I should credit her here. By the way, you should check it out. The Lioness and the Live Wire An account of the events of the 51 st Hunger Games by someone who did not win. It's reaping day in District 5, and I am awoken from a surprisingly sound sleep at six in the morning by the ripping screams coming from the trundle bed to my left. My alarm goes off just as I begin twisting around in the covers, trying to find a way out, and all the commotion in the room sets Evangeline off on a mad barking streak from her bed in the corner. Above the chaos, I hear my name being shouted. "Aslan! Aslan!" "Feivel," I say in a relatively calm voice as I finally shed my swaddling bedcovers and get down onto the trundle, kneeling by my best friend amidst a dissonant chorus of screaming and beeping and barking. "Feivel, wake up. I'm here." At the sound of my voice, Feivel opens his eyes and sits bolt upright with my arms wrapped around him and his face in my shoulder before I can register what's going on. "Was it a nightmare?" I ask in his ear, and the fabric of my pajamas rubs against my shoulder as he nods. "It was you," he slurs. "You were reaped." "But I wasn't. It was just a dream." With kid gloves, I put my hands over his ears and pull him away from my shoulder so that I am looking straight into his eyes, all shiny with tears and red-rimmed against his dark blue irises. "I'm here, and I'm okay. See?" Feivel sniffles as Evangeline, now more concerned than panicked, climbs onto the trundle, and I take the opportunity to let her lick the tears from his face while I get up to shut off that infernal alarm clock. All is silent again in my room, cool and clean and bathed in early morning light that filters gray through my lacey curtains. "Aslan, what time is the reaping again?" "Ten," I say. "Do you want to go back to sleep? You've got a little while." "Sure, if I can." "You can have my bed. I'm not going to be back in it." Feivel nods, knowing that I mean it; once I'm up in the morning, there's no chance of me going back to sleep, and this goes doubly so for reaping day. He climbs onto my softer, bigger bed and wraps himself up in the blankets, and Evangeline, ever the movie-perfect canine companion, sidles up to him and settles there. I only stay in there long enough to pick out some clothes and shoes, and as I prepare to head out, I take a moment to stand in the open doorway and observe my dog and my best friend curled up together in blissful safety before I turn the knob and noiselessly pull the door shut. On my walk to the bathroom, I pass by my brother Thomas's bedroom door and catch the distinct noises of bedsprings rattling, covers whooshing, and a human voice—his own—forming words I can't pick out. I know what this usually means, but don't care to think of it, and I pointedly ignore it as I continue down the hall and into the bathroom to take a hot shower—not a lot of kids outside the Capitol can say that—and get dressed. The clothes I put on are not reaping clothes, but a blue T-shirt and gray knit shorts and my sturdiest pair of tennis shoes. Walking clothes. All I have to do is throw them on and pull my strawberry blonde hair back into a sopping wet ponytail before heading downstairs to fill a gunnysack with apples, oranges, rice, sugar, bottled milk, canned vegetables—all the usual staples, plus a new plastic bottle of chocolate syrup as a bonus. I leave as silently as I can so as not to disturb my sleeping family—not even Mother is up yet—and walk through the town square, past the Justice Building where two people my age or older will be saying their final goodbyes to their families in a matter of hours; past the stage where my mother will be reading the Treaty of Treason at ten; past the chrome-and-glass laboratories that design and create the muttations that will doubtless appear in the arena in a week; and into the part of the district with the nuclear and electrical plants that will supply the Gamemakers with the power needed to make all this happen. Soon, I reach the neighborhoods on this side of the district, the ones where the wooden houses are in need of repair and not a soul is stirring, the adults taking advantage of their day off and the children paralyzed with fear in their beds. With my hair still damp and my clothes sticking to my body from the overcast humidity, I knock on the old wooden door of the house of Mr. and Mrs. Maloney. Even though I have done this many times before, I'm always a little surprised when they answer the door within ten seconds of me knocking, mainly because this is a day off and they have no reason for the fear of reaping day to keep them up. "Aslan, come in, come in," Mrs. Maloney says, smiling when she sees me standing with the sack of food in my hand, right on time as usual. "Good to see you, as always." "Good to see you, too, Mum." Although the Maloneys are not in any way related to me, I am so close to them through their son that they insist on me calling them Mum and Pa, just as Feivel does. They've always said that it's good practice for when they actually become my mum and pa as soon as Feivel and I get married. Funny thing is, they think they're joking, but when I say it, I'm serious as a heart attack behind the goofy smile and the good-natured elbow in Feivel's direction. "Is that for us?" asks Mr. Maloney, even though he knows full well that it is, just as it has been every week for the past six years. "Yeah." I raise the gunnysack high enough to set it down on their kitchen table, which groans in protest under its weight. "I swear, Aslan, how do you manage to carry all that?" Mr. Maloney winks and smiles. "Let me see those muscles." This is another part of our weekly ritual, a relic from when I was seven and tried to show my big, strong, spinach-and-broccoli-fed muscles to anyone who would stand still long enough. Over the years, I have actually developed some through fist-fighting and arm-wrestling and sack-carrying, and it shows when I flex my left arm in the tone and toughness of my bicep. "I got you all the usual stuff," I say as I unload the contents of the sack onto the table. "Fruit, vegetables, salt, sugar, milk, canned goods, and finally,"—I take out the grand prize of chocolate syrup and present it to them with mock ceremony—"this." "Feivel loves this stuff," Mrs. Maloney says, and I laugh. "He's the reason we never have any, so I figured I may as well give some to you." I stay and talk to them for about half an hour before excusing myself to go home and prepare for today, asking them, "When should I bring Feivel home?" "After your choir rehearsal is okay," says Mrs. Maloney. "Duly noted." "Good luck at the reaping today, Aslan," Mr. Maloney calls from the table. "I know it's hard for you, being the first…" "I'm pretty sure I'll be okay." I smile, not mentioning Feivel's earlier nightmare. I don't need to stay for another hour dissecting this with them and risk being late for the reaping. "I'd wish you the same, but there's really no reason to, is there?" Mrs. Maloney's warm smile vanishes, and for a split second, the wrinkles on her forehead and by her mouth stand out to make her look ten years older than she really is. "Two years," she mutters. "Just this and another year of safety. I don't know what we'd do without your family. He'd have to take out tesserae left and right, and…" She chokes up and has to pause to wipe the tears from her eyes. It scares me to see her like this, bad enough that I almost start to cry, too. I always thought the possibility of Feivel being reaped was the furthest thing from her mind, especially since he's only ten years old and not yet eligible. I guess I was wrong. "I just…I was always so worried ." "It doesn't bear thinking about," I assure her. "He's safe. As long as I'm around, I promise you, he's safe." I give them each a hug goodbye and start off on my long walk back to my own house. It's past eight-thirty by the time I get back home, where things have begun to come alive. I walk in through the door to see my father sitting at the table in a striped shirt and shiny leather shoes and white underwear (no pants, as of yet), slurping cereal and reading a Capitol newspaper with a worried set to his face. I hear Mother's high heels clicking around upstairs as she goes about getting ready for her duties at the reaping. Feivel is having his breakfast of toast and chocolate milk in the living room because he hates the sound