AN: I'm back after a year, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. *Dodges rotten tomatoes and other things* I'M SORRY SCHOOL IS HARD. So I had this idea in my head for like a week… and it was killing me and I had to write it. It's also the longest thing I've ever written. It's absolutely crazy. I've worked on an original story for a year and the word count is just under this one. Also considering I wrote this over the course of one week. All things said, this idea came to me while listening to Broken Arrows by Avicii while reading a Solangelo part of The Hidden Oracle. Basically I had a heart attack. Then I realized how so many Avicii songs and Zedd songs matched the two of them and I needed to write it. So here it is, and I will like 75% get back to updating my other story over the next two months. I'm sorry I haven't been writing that. Okay, so here this long, long one shot is. Enjoy! DISCLAIMER: I DON'T OWN PERCY JACKSON OR ANY OF THE SONGS MENTIONED IN THIS STORY PS: Listen to Avicii's and Zedd's music they are absolutely incredible artists. Along with Alessia Cara, Shawn Mendes (love him) okay I'm gonna leave now but if you guys want music recommendations let me know. When Will Solace and Nico Di Angelo became friends and maybe even a little more, one of the things Will shared with him was his taste in music. You might be surprised to know what music the Son of Apollo listened to. Sure, some of it wasn't very surprising; some EDM here and there, and a bit of pop. But Nico was surprised to know that Will also listened to rock and Indie. Nico was even more surprised to realize that he liked EDM more than he wanted to admit. "Will, you know EDM isn't real music right?" Nico said to him one day as they walked to the infirmary together. "Some of it isn't. I know two artists that specifically create actual music, Zedd and Avicii. Zedd knows how to play like 9 instruments and both of them at least co-write all of their songs." Will gave his crush a pointed look, and got a begrudging eye-roll in return. "Fine, I'll listen to it. Give me 5 songs by each of them." Nico crossed his arms over his chest, in a way that might seem indignant, but in reality, it was chilly. The borders of camp blocked out most, but not all, of the New York winter chill. Will gave his 10 song recommendations. Hourglass, Beautiful Now, True Colors, Find You, and Transmission by Zedd, and Broken Arrows, Somewhere in Stockholm, Gonna Love Ya, The Nights and True Believer by Avicii. "You'll remember all that by the time you get back to your cabin, Death boy?" Will teased. "Pft, of course I will. You doubt my abilities?" I remember everything you say dumbass he thought, not daring to say it aloud. "Never." Will put an arm loosely around Nico's shoulders, in a not-so-subtle attempt to warm him, sending electric currents through his spine, small smiles playing on both of their lips. After a day with Will in the infirmary and then hanging out by the lake for a little while after, it took Nico everything he had not to sprint to his cabin to listen to the songs. He was a bit tempted to find Jason and ask him what exactly music recommendations meant in the world of friendships and romances. In the end, he decided he would be fine. If we was going to get anywhere in a relationship, preferably with Will, he needed to figure out some things on his own. "Alright Zedd let's see what your made of." Nico listened to the first song that Will recommended and was impressed by the depth of the lyrics. Even though there was a lot of background music, not created with any instruments, he found that it fit together beautifully. He immediately looked up the next song, and every one until he cleared out the Zedd recommendations list. With each song, Nico was even more impressed with the lyrics of the song, and how well the music fit together with it. He also had a sneaking suspicion that Will, although he loved these songs anyway, picked these because they matched Nico. In Hourglass, the lines "This time I finally need a light, a light/ Tired of seeing in black and white, white" matched him perfectly. Especially with him liking Will. In Beautiful Now, it was "We might not know why, we might not know how/ But baby, tonight, we're beautiful now". A reminder that everything had beauty in it, no matter who you are or what you've done. With True Colors, "No, I won't apologize/ For the fire in my eyes/ Let me show you my-my true colors" showed that he was who we was, and shouldn't have to apologize for it. Find You was the most romantic, and the whole song basically summed up his feelings about Will, in a much more beautiful way than he ever could. Lastly, Transmission, probably his favorite. It summed up how he felt about being a demigod, and included lines about ghosts and learning from them. For Nico, it was hard to believe that this was written by a mortal from a purely metaphoric standpoint, but that's exactly what music was; something meant to be relatable to everyone. Nico was more than ready to move onto the next artist. As soon as he put on Broken Arrows, he was completely stunned and froze. It happened to perfectly describe how he felt, and the weaknesses he had when it came to Will, friendship, love, his powers, and everything in between. Nico couldn't help but feel like this was a letter from Will. At this point in their friendship, he knew that Will was gay, and Will knew he was as well. Even with all of his friends telling him that Will liked him, it took him a while to believe it, and see it himself. But there was always a nagging suspicion that he was wrong, that he was just a friend, acquaintance, charity case. That was usually only when the nightmares began, though. To hell with the other songs by this dude. I'm playing this shit over and over. Nico replayed the song, not only because it entirely expressed who he was in a beautiful way, but because it touched him, and made him feel like he was floating. When people said that, Nico used to never get it. Now he did. The Son of Hades made a mental note to give a small thanks to Apollo for music. That shit was great. As the song played, Nico just looked at the lyrics for the others. Somewhere in Stockholm reminded him of how he felt about Camp Half-Blood. Like he lost, but also gained everything here. Everything he was and would be. Gonna Love Ya, reminded him of what Will told him all the time, that he deserves everything he has and more. That his friends loved him for who he was, because he earned it. The Nights was an interesting one. It reminded Nico of better times, when he was more carefree, but also gave him a whole different perspective on the meaning of Night, one much different from the one Tartarus created. True Believer didn't really pertain to him, until the lyrics got to the point of " I wasn't always the bravest, they say you only live once/ So, you got me thinking, I'm so glad I found you/Life's what you make it so here it comes, it goes/ If I could make you, make you fall in love with me/ If I could make you, make you fall in love/ Wish I could make you, make you fall in love/ Maybe love will come around if you want it enough" which summed up how he felt about Will, his past, and love, despite his hate for Eros. Holy shit these songs are good. I think I'm addicted. Just then, Nico came across the song "Addicted to You" and almost rolled his eyes at the sky. They were really fucking with him at the moment. He decided to humor them, and looked at the lyrics. "I don't know just how it happened,/ I let down my guard.../ Swore I'd never fall in love again/ But I fell hard." Nico, again, was struck by the accuracy of the lyrics in terms of translating how he felt and what happened to him. This shit is absolutely insane , Nico thought. He continued to look at both lyrics by Zedd and Avicii, while music, now Somewhere in Stockholm, played in the background. A few more songs struck him after that: Heart Upon My Sleeve, Hope There's Someone, Long Road to Hell, and Wake Me Up, all by Avicii, and Papercut, Spectrum and Follow You Down, by Zedd. Nico was starting to think that these artists were demigods. All of the lyrics were so freaking accurate, it was scary. Nico was so captivated by the music, that he barely noticed the bell ringing, signaling that it was time for dinner. With a little difficulty, Nico managed to pry himself away from his computer and head out to the mess hall. As his thoughts raced, he didn't even realize that he was walking with a grin on his face, and the image of Will in his mind. One of the best-kept secrets at Camp-Half Blood was that during the winter months, where only the year-rounders were present, kids could virtually sit at whatever table they wanted to. There were usually so few kids that there were 3 kids max per cabin, and many of the tables only had one kid sitting. Instead of having the young demigods be miserable and alone as they ate dinner, Chiron let everyone sit wherever they wanted. This, of course, led Nico to sit with the Apollo cabin once he got his food. Nico di Angelo was the only person in the Hades cabin at the moment, and he had to make his own line with him, himself, and him. After he scraped a portion into the flames, he sent his thoughts out to two certain gods. One way below and one way up high. Hades, thank you, father. Apollo, thanks for music and Will Solace. He smiled in spite of himself. He didn't even plan on thanking Apollo for Will, but it happened without Nico even realizing it. Nico plopped down next to Will, who was also accompanied by Kayla and Austin. Will took one glance at Nico's plate, and began grumbling, as he did every single night. "Nico, why do you not have any vegetables in your plate? You have a heap of pasta and a slider. Where are your veggies?" "Will, there are tomatoes in the pasta sauce, and one slice in the burger. See? I have vegetables." "Oh, I'm glad you recognize I am your doctor. I am going to put a salad on your plate and you're not gonna fight me on it." "If you insist on veggies, I'll put some roasted stuff on my plate." All of a sudden, roasted squash, potatoes, beets, and carrots appeared on his plate. "There you go, Sunshine. Happy?" "Yes extremely happy. Now I can sleep soundly tonight." "Aww, Sunshine you lose sleep over me? How nice." "Don't push your luck, Death Boy. But yeah, I'll admit maybe a little." Will made a point to shrug nonchalantly. "What about you, hm?" "Yeah, yeah sure. Whatever helps you sleep at night." Will deadpanned at him, and the son of Hades burst out laughing. "See what I did there? Classic." Nico could barely hear what came out of Will's mouth after that, but the little he caught made him grin. "These stupid… classic boys… extra… why