Forks I hadn't the slightest idea what to think or what to expect once I would reach my final destination. All that I could think of was my last macabre thought before I left Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport; "I have given much thought as to how I would die of late but will this be the road to my final circle? Will I be like a hollow egg? Cracking easily, only to reveal nothing inside; like I never had wings?" I brushed it off, and filed it away for later reconsideration. Instead, I chose to cherish the last memory of my mother. "Honey are you sure?" Her small almond shaped, chocolate brown eyes were watery and searching mine. She placed both her arms around my waist, tightly. I snickered, "It's a bit too late to change my mind now mom. Besides, we've been through this already. You know I have to go and see Charlie. The time is right." I looked over her head and through a messy bun of chestnut brown hair that adorned it, at Phil. He was a tall and slender man, inches above my mediocre 5'10. His face was solemn with a strong jaw and dark stubble, and bright blue eyes that watched the pair of us protectively. I had already bid my adieu to him with a vigorous handshake and promise that he'd look after her on his travels through the minor Baseball league. "Phil is going to need to you to cheer him on. Besides you always wanted to travel extensively, and now is your chance." I smiled at her reassuringly, pulling my lips up and revealing a wide grin. Her small red nose sniveled, her eyes zooming in on me longingly, and her warm hands cupped my face. "I raised a strong boy", she cried. It seemed she capitulated then so I quickly added, "We can see each other any time over Skype. It won't be forever either, right?" I ducked my head to stare suspiciously into her puffy eyes. The tears that had formed burst, gently, and rolled down her thick cheeks. She nodded quickly and pressed herself to me, leaning her head beneath my chin against my chest. "Yes, yes, of course. But I want you to go to college in Florida. That way you can be closer to me," she sobbed earnestly. I took a deep tired breath that escaped through my lips and nodded but said nothing. " Attention, all boarding flight 8011 nonstop to Seattle-Tacoma International Airport, please approach the service desk with your boarding passes. This flight will leave in fifteen minutes." I turned over as the announcement came through, watching a flight attendant put down the intercom. Several passengers scurried along with bags and jackets making their way through the check-in. "Time to go," I said as I grasped her by the shoulders and took one last glance at her. Swift as I could I reached down for my brown carryon bag which had also served me during my last tenure at high school and flung the caramel colored side bag over my shoulder. "Don't forget your parka," Renee, which was my mother's name, added and folded it into my arms. Although I wanted to use my own funds that I had accumulated from a year of tutoring middle school children in English, she had insisted to use her own money to buy a cobalt blue parka as well as a wooly trench coat with big round buttons for me. The weather in Washington State would be marginally different compared to Arizona's clear cloudless azure sky. "Thanks, and don't worry too much. The wrinkles are already showing. In addition, I know you'll be fine since Phil has a minor in child psychology, " I laughed. Renee wacked the side of my shoulder with the back of her hand, half smiling and half scowling. I heard a tenuous bearish laugh from behind her; Phil had heard. I've had enough then. I rolled up the parka in my arms and made my way to the check-in. The stewardess scanned the barcode on the boarding pass and opened the gate. I took one last glimpse over my shoulder and held up my full hand but didn't wave and saw Phil's arms wrapped around my mother's shoulders as she mirrored my gesture; I inherited it from her. I strode on through the vibrating narrow gray corridor and onto the plane. I caressed my forehead with my index finger, letting it cascade down my nose before travelling back up north, and then back down. Almost three hours had passed since the Swan and Dwyer family farewell and I was ready to get off already . An elderly woman of great presence was seated next to me but she was kind, and had elected to tell me parts of her life story even though I was wearing headphones, and reading. I only listened half-heartedly, floundering about in my own thoughts. I don't know something about meeting her husband while attending a Bryan Adams concert. Finally, Delta (I know, I know but it was a cheap flight), lit up its yellow seat belt sign as our altitude began to lower. Like a foreign invader the plane crashed through the bank of white clouds revealing a city beneath; Seattle, WA. Already I made out an ominous sky expanding its arms far into the distance throwing a gloomy shroud over the Olympic Mountains. I focused my thoughts on my father; Charlie. I had only talked to him over the phone these past years but never visited. I wish I had. The plane landed smoothly. Impatiently I waited for people to rearrange their disordered line so we could get off. After a while and my observations of copious stretches, yawns, and according to my nose occasional acts of flagalance, „Lovely…", I finally jumped ship. The air in the airport was stale; through the glass wall separating the passengers from their loved ones waiting on them I immediately spied Charlie. The man did not change. I rushed towards him smiling. He stood with his hands tucked away in the pockets of his black dress pants. He wore a simple red button up shirt and what appeared to be his police jacket short off the badge. Shyly smirking, and not expecting my sudden thrust forward and towards him, he stepped into my embrace. I threw an arm around his neck and the other firmly around his shoulders beneath his arm, cradling him firmly. "Charlie", I exclaimed. "It is so good to finally be here." He stepped back but still held me. My father was never one to express a momentous deal of emotions openly. I had been a good mixture between him and my mother. My outbursts could be timid or confident. Charlie was a man taller than I, at least half a head. I had been given his mahogany dark hair which unlike his short cropped, curly style I wore a bit longer, and straight on top but both of our sides matched evenly trimmed. His eyes were round and murky green whereas mine were deeper and more pronounced but mimicked the same prismatic vista. Charlie was as tall as Phil but broader in the shoulders from years of Police training, exercise, and as I understood over the phone - too much meat, not enough veggies, and playing cards at the Fork's Police Station; somehow that last one was relatable. His thick dark mustache covered his smirk well but his eyebrows betrayed his expression of glee, and relieve. "I'm glad you made it save Luca." That was all Charlie would say, I knew. He portrayed his feeling through actions compared to my mother who had never been above public displays of affection. I smiled up at him and nodded. I moved my eyes about his face, memorizing it, and replacing the last image of him five years ago with this much more up-to-date version. Surprisingly, Charlie kept his arm around my shoulders, gripping me tight as we made our way to the conveyer belt and watched the steady stream of luggage's swimming by. When my suitcases came he picked them both up and grunted displeased with one of them. "Hell's bell's Luc, whatcha got in this one? Bricks?" I laughed. "Well mom and I couldn't fit the whole house so we rearranged and managed half a wall of my room." I still laughed softly as he shook his head, turning away, hiding his own smile. I offered my help but Charlie directed me to carry the parka and side bag. I saw the sternness in his eyes and acquiesced. As we walked by a small food court I hastily snatched up a side salad, pecans, and bottle of orange juice, and of course this Charlie paid for. When I made for my wallet he stepped around me and handed the young woman behind the counter a ten dollar bill. I pressed my lips together tightly and swallowed hard – it had been a long time since I had a father. We stepped out into a cool breeze but it was barely noon. The ominous sky I had detected looming over us was still there. I smelt the damp atmosphere and saw my own breath escape me over my quivering lips. I put on the parka that still smelled new and toxic, and had yet to be washed. From a distance I saw the police cruiser, sticking out like a Great Dane amongst yelping Wieners. "Police escort huh," I joked, getting his attention. "Where's the helicopter and SWAT team? I know at times I slip, and my crude side gawks out causing unimaginable calamity's but this?" I pointed at the cruiser with both hands, wide open. Charlie rolled his eyes, grinning. "They all cancelled when they heard I was coming. The chief is more than enough." I blinked repeatedly pretending to be flustered, "Well I suppose the National Guard and Navy Seals pale in comparison, and the FBI, I shall not start." I bit my tongue between my teeth and chuckled. Charlie groaned as he heaved the " suitcase of bricks" and stowed it away in the trunk of the car. "Alright smart aleck, enough. Don't make me ground you during the first twenty minutes," he said while coming around on the driver's side. I glared at him playfully and continued on. "Wow, a week at home trapped in a silent room reading, yeah, that'll teach me. " We both paused - Charlie's hand on top of the car as well as mine, now having reached the passenger's side. He breathed loudly shaking his head but suddenly his eyes flamed and his brows rose arrogantly. "I have a gun. And a taser, " he said matter of factly. "Fair enough." I could have continued this assault but remembered my humility, and bent down into the car. I put my seatbelt on waiting for Charlie to roar up the engine. My left eyebrow shot up, solitarily, as it always did when mischief struck. "But seriously it isn't loaded right? " The road back to my ancestral home was uneventful. Charlie was the silent type which comforted me. Once again I discerned the intriguing cocktail of Charlie and Renee in me. I had never been effusive or silent. I chose to speak whenever I pleased while still enjoying dead air but always chose to ebb away from rambunctious occasions. Your bluntness and sarcasm thank you Luca, I thought, entertaining myself. On the drive I sat with my elbow supported by the arm of the door and glanced often over to Charlie, always finding his green eyes tearing from me and shooting back ahead to the road. I smiled weakly but excitedly. The thin sheet of ice forming between us I desired to incinerate immediately. "So... do I have a stepmother? " I smiled as Charlie's breath caught in his throat making him cough. Always the tease Luca… "You know