Author's Note: Okay, so my friend (MyThrillingHunt-Artemis) and I are both shamelessly Mary Sue-ing ourselves into the Twilight universe. If it's not your cup of tea – or coffee or soda or whatever you drink – don't read it. Artemis is Cori (Read her POV in Blood Moon) and I am Kris. This story takes place around the time of New Moon. As for the rest, read to find out! Disclaimer: All characters (other than Cori and Kris) belong to Stephenie Meyer. Chapter 1: Life Starts Now The first thing that I was aware of was that I wasn't really aware of anything. You know what it's like when you're just coming out of a lucid dream? Where nothing was real but you knew that, but then you're waking up and trying to snap back into reality and it's hella confusing. I groggily opened my eyes, sat up a bit and cracked my neck. Sleeping for what was probably close to an hour in an already tiny, now very cramped car due to suitcases, did not help my already fucked-up back. I was very slow to take in my surroundings; I'd never been the most observant person to begin with and it wasn't easy to shake the sleep from my brain. My eyes catalogued the sheets of rain pouring down over an unending stretch of trees. Would I ever get used to such a beautiful sight? Los Angeles had its own kind of beauty, but it was completely different. The beauty of L.A. was found in its people and in the incredibly fast pace of life - everywhere you looked there was movement and an amazing vibrancy. This Forks place was the complete opposite. Don't get me wrong, I liked being surrounded by nature and all its wonders, but that was going to be a major adjustment. An adjustment that neither my sister nor I truly wanted to make. I loved L.A. and would have gladly lived there forever. I knew Cori would probably want to travel the world someday, but she never would've started in Forks, Washington. And even then, it would've been on her terms. Once again, I felt the all-too-familiar rage boiling inside of me. At this point, I couldn't even remember any two days in a row that I didn't want to scream or punch something. I know it had probably only been going on for the past two years, but it felt like I had been angry my entire life. With no reprieve in sight. My little sister's rising voice brought me out of my internal monologue. I turned my head to see Cori with a death grip on her cell phone, yelling at whoever was on the other end. Curiosity warred with courtesy - should I listen so that I can know (at least some of) what's going? Or should I ignore her so she could have some privacy, as much as available when in a car? "Don't tell me I'm overreacting!" Well, that made my decision pretty easy. There was no way I was going to be able to ignore that. Waving my arms a bit to catch Cori's attention, I mouthed, "Who?" "Dad," she whispered. Oh, hell no. I extended my arm and gestured for the phone. She shook her head but I kept my arm outstretched. She hesitated for a second, but given that she looked like she was about to cry, we both knew she couldn't keep talking to the asshat for much longer. She handed her phone over to me then snatched mine off my seat and started typing. As much as I wanted to comfort her, the useless waste of a human we called a father was still talking, stealing my attention. " -like a mature adult. A break-up is no reason to move to another state and-" "What the fuck?! Dad! We didn't move away from our home, away from our loving mother, just to -" " What about me? Aren't you gonna miss me?" I swear to god, our dad was a fucking child. Always pouting and making everything about him. For fuck's sake, he didn't even ask why Cori wasn't on the line anymore. "What about you?" I couldn't be bothered to keep the vitriol out of my voice. "We tried living with you. It didn't last for a week! You made Cori cry, then we screamed at each other until one of us stormed out, you apologized but didn't actually mean a single goddamned word, lather, rinse, repeat. Jesus, that's not even the point here!" Staying on one train of thought had never been my forte, but it always gets harder when Useless started his self-absorbed tantrums. "The point is that we needed to leave! Not because Cori got a boo-boo or because her boyfriend didn't call her when he said he would. You know why we had to leave Mom's! And this - this, right here! - is why we couldn't stay with you! Because you are absolutely allergic to caring about anybody other than yourself! And taking the shit that happens with your daughters seriously! This isn't a fucking joke, you ASSHOLE!" Violent click. Was it a bad sign when it feels good to hang up on your father? I was so fucking pissed I didn't know what to do with myself. Sitting in the car and radiating anger wasn't going to help Cori any. I looked outside to the torrential downpour. Sure. That would do. I stepped out of the car and shut - okay, slammed - the door. I was instantly 100% soaked. Good. Ignoring Cori's baffled look, I sprinted around the car for a few minutes before I felt like I could finally breathe again. After one last lap to cool down, I slid back into the car like nothing had happened. Silence. I think Cori might be a little pissed about water on the leather seats. Whatever. It was either water from the storm or fire from my spontaneous human combustion. You take what you can get. "So," I started, surprisingly calmly, "John gave us a piece of shit car that broke down. I assume that's why we stopped, yes?" More silence. "Do we have a Plan B?" (I'm gonna take a moment to give myself credit for how incredibly calm and not-at-all pissed I sounded. Quite a feat, that. I am proud of my mastery in the art of… I don't know… not killing people in a fit of rage? Because it's not as easy as everyone seems to think.) "Esme's sending some girl named Rosalie to come get us." Jesus. Okay, if I was at risk of setting the car on fire, it wouldn't have mattered because Cori would have frozen it with how cold her voice was. Was this because I got water on the fucking seats? Nah, probably because she'd driven for all of, like, forty hours and then the love of her life broke down. Not really knowing how to reply, I just nodded. Should've brought up some bullshit conversation because the next thing I heard was: "You shouldn't call him John. He's our dad. Why don't you call him that? You call him John or asshat or motherfucker. He's not that bad." Oh, hello, Anger. Nice to see you again. It's been, what, five minutes? How ya doin', pal? I tried to keep calm. I really did. I was usually good at burying the anger so no one sees it. I was a fucking pro. But I always fucking lose it when it comes to Useless. "First off, he was literally a motherfucker so that's an accurate term. Then, he was a receptionist-fucker and broke our mom's heart. Second, I can call him whatever I damn well please. He is not 'Dad .' 'Dad' cares about what happens to us. 'Dad' keeps his promises. 'Dad' listens when something is wrong or when something is good and 'Dad' comforts or congratulates his daughters when big things happen in their lives. John has done none of those things since we were five years old." Fuck. I was about to fucking cry, goddamnit. I hate what thinking about Dad - John - does to me. All Cori did in response was to get out of the car and slam the door shut. I didn't know if that helped or hurt the situation. I couldn't decide if I wanted her to stay in the car so that we could fight or if I was glad she left so that we wouldn't. "FUCK!" She stomped around to the back of the car. I pulled my feet onto the seat, hugged my knees, and cried. Logically, I knew we were both stressed about the move and everything that had happened before it and that I shouldn't take this shit personally. But sometimes, you just have to fucking cry. And I haven't been able to in months. I've had to be strong so Cori could deal with this shit. Because it was mostly her shit. Yeah, I was affected by it, but it didn't happen to me. So I didn't get to break down or be vulnerable because it wasn't about me. It was about her and I was gonna be there for her, no matter what. But she wasn't here at the moment; all I needed was to fall apart for five minutes. Then I could pull myself back together and everything would be fine. Well, as fine as it could be under the circumstances. Headlights approached. That must have been Rosalie. She's driving a red BMW convertible. I was almost ashamed to even look at the car with how disgusting I was after running around in the rain, much less knowing I was going to ride in it. Oh, cool. Aphrodite stepped out of the car. So, Aphrodite was gonna drive a drowned cat and her little sister in the most perfect car that has ever existed. No way that was gonna be uncomfortable. Our new roomie was… the American icon, basically. Tall, long blonde hair, perfect face - cheekbones and all that nonsense - absolutely gorgeous. And suuuper pale. Now Cori and I are a little bit tan, her more than me, but not as much as you would expect from two girls born and bred in California. I was used to being the palest person around. But blondie here looked like she could glow in the dark. I did my best to make myself presentable (meaning I wiped the tears from my face, that was as good as it was gonna get tonight, folks) and got out of the car. Cori introduced herself and Rosalie responded, "Yeah. Did you want to stay out here in the rain, talking? Or did you want a ride home? Your choice, but I would recommend getting in the car." She didn't sound like she was trying to be funny, but I couldn't help but laugh. "I think I'd rather get in the car. I don't think I could get any more wet than I already am," my sister replied. "Hey, I'm Kris. Thanks for the ride. Let me just pop the trunk, we'll grab our stuff, and we can get outta here." I waved at the goddess and scurried to the back of the piece of shit Useless gave us. I had a little trouble opening it up. The keys slipped out of my hands and into the mud; I dropped them twice. Rosalie, bless her, put me out of my misery. She grabbed the dirty keys, slipped them into the lock, and effortlessly lifted the heavy trunk. Granted, she had a look of utter disdain for having to sully her hands with a peasant's muddy keys, but still, help was help and I was grateful. Cori looked dead on her feet. She grabbed one bag and I was afraid it was going to knock her to the ground. I wanted to offer to help but I had my