Turn So Cold A Harry Potter Story Chapter One A Whole New World Author Note/Disclaimer : I don't own anything from Harry Potter. The series was created by J.K. Rowling. The only thing I own is the plot and some original characters. This story will be dark as the story goes on. Hadrian Blake will be much like Tom Riddle would have, only much worst, especially at a young age. Tom Riddle showed early signs of being a Psychopath, Hadrian has as well, just more...severe. Summary : What would have happened to the Wizarding if there had never been a Dark Lord Voldemort and never would be a Voldemort…What if there was only Tom Marvolo Riddle in the Wizarding World? What would the Wizarding be like for the new generation of witches and wizards arriving to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry? How would these witches and wizards handle a young boy that would become the rising new Dark Lord since Gellert Grindelwald? How would they react to a Dark Lord far more dangerous and threatening than any Dark Lord their had ever been? Would they handle it? Could they handle it? From an early age, Hadrian Blake was never normal. As a baby he rarely cried and was almost always silent, almost like he was in a thoughtful silence as he studied his surroundings. Growing up, Hadrian was an outcast for his freakishness. The children in the Orphanage ridiculed him and the staff tortured him just as much. As he began to grow older, he continued to experience more strange things happening to him, more than usual. As a prodigy genius, Hadrian kept to himself and learned to control his strange powers. With only himself as company, Hadrian became cold, angry and bitter from his torment over the years growing up and being left in the Orphanage in the first place. Without anyone to show him love and friendship, he learned to control his emotions (more than a young boy his age should have been able to) and desired knowledge, learning all he could from libraries around the cities and school. When Hadrian gets his letter to Hogwarts, he realizes his destiny would be greater than anyone would realize, and began his thirst for knowledge in this new world and reads everything he can from books at the shops and libraries. Hadrian Kristofer Blake would be the greatest wizard to ever grace the Wizarding World. Hadrian Kristofer Blake was a gifted young male and a prodigy genius. He was intelligent, polite, hard working, charismatic, inquisitive and observant. He was also cunning, sly, manipulative, captivating, apathetic and nefarious. Hadrian was a very persuasive person. Dumbledore was the only one that didn't fall for Hadrian's charm. He was the only one that knew nothing good would come from Hadrian Blake learning magic. This story begins with a young boy receiving a very special visit, by Albus Dumbledore himself. Pairings : Hadrian/?, ect. Setting ( s ): AU Rating : NC-17 or M at times Warnings : Violence, Strong Language, Adult Situations, Graphic Sex (maybe), Mention/Show of Martial Abuse, Mention/Show of Child Abuse, Mention/Show of Alcohol Abuse, Mention/Show of Drug Abuse, Mention/Show of Zombies Eating People, Murder, Suicide, Rape, Kidnapping, Nudity, Fights, Slash (Male/Male & Female/Female), Religious Themes, Religious Talk, Disbelief In Religions, ect. Turn So Cold By Drowning Pool It's too much, not enough What you need I don't get I don't know why you never say, you never do Is this my luck again Silent words never shed All I get is you turning away You turn So cold It's never enough it's always too much For what you never say What you never go and say You're so cold It's never enough it's always too much What you never say Never do Never say Is it me that you see changing What you think you need All I can say is I'll always trade me for you Is it my heart I break Hard to give what you won't take If you did would you throw it away And turn Our time is slipping away Slipping away Isn't my word enough What I say is what you get And all I get is you turning away You turn The silence within the naked and insipid bedecked room was thick with tension and raw rage. A tall black haired boy, no older than eleven, sat silently beside a rectangular size window. The ledge he sat upon was cold and uncomfortable, leaving his butt and legs numb with chill after sitting there for so long. Bright emerald green eyes, brighter than any other green, stared blankly out the window. Intelligence gleamed in his eyes as he watched everything going on outside his prison. Sharp eyes watched at the other children from the Orphanage played about, playing together. The front yard of the Orphanage was large, and caged in with black metal wrought iron bars. Green grass surrounded the area, leaving only a long and narrow cobblestone pathway that led to the front door. Trees were placed at the sides of the gates with bushes and flowers in between. The sound of the laughter of the other children filtered through the young raven hair boy's cracked open window. A dark gaze crossed the child's face as he stared hatefully at the other children. They thought him as some freak, a sinner among the holy. I'll show them one day. I'm more than some freak . The small boy thought scornfully to himself. Oh how he hated these…simpletons. They were nothing. Would never amount to anything. They were cattle following the flock, while he was the lone wolf, just waiting to attack. With a sneer of disgust at the childish behavior the other children were showing, the young boy turned away from the open window, away from watching the children play together out in the front yard of St. Abigail's Orphanage for Abounded and Orphaned Children. While he himself sat locked in his bedroom, away from everyone. It was his latest punishment, though he had, had worst before. Jaw clenched in aggravation, the young boy fought off the need to grind his teeth together or release an irritated roar. He was better than that. Only those unable to control their emotions would ever allow such pathetic emotion to be shown. Looking back out the window from where he stood in the middle of the room, his eyes glared at the storm filled sky with dislike. He hated how the sky seemed to reflect his inner emotions. A turmoil of emotion swirled through him, rage, disgust, apathy and many other dark emotions. These emotions showed on his face for a split second, before quickly disappearing behind his barrier, his wall that kept what he truly felt hidden. Would he ever be able to leave this place? To find a better place that he belonged, instead of this building of hell? Would he be able to last much longer with the Nuns and Priests preaching about how he was a sinner and would burn in hell? He wished desperately so. He knew he was different than the other children at the Orphanage. He was special and powerful. He had learned over his short eleven years of life how to control these strange abilities. It was one of the reasons why he was able to do the things he did. St. Abigail's Orphanage was a rather imposing building. It was rather dark, with black and dark brown bricks holding it together. Large dark brown doors could be seen through the narrow entryway. Large square or rectangular windows where placed sporadically through out the building, allowing what little sunlight that London got, through. Inside the building, was an entryway that could lead to three different quarters. To the left side of the entryway, was a large open doorway that led into the living room where couples would meet and converse with the many children within the Orphanage's walls. Pass the doorway of the living room, led a dining room, large enough to fit it's staff and children. The doorway to the dining room had a rectangular door, that color of light brown with a golden doorknob that was rusting slowly. Across the hallway and across the door to the dining room was the kitchen. The kitchen's door was light brown in color and no door handle. The kitchen's door was one of those swinging doors that squeaked every time you pushed it. A few feet down, was a dark brown door that blended in with the staircase. This door was smaller than the others and led into a linen closet. At the very end of the hallway was a door that led into an office/lounge. To the right of the entryway was another large doorway, but with two dark brown doors with two golden doorknobs that swung outwards when you entered. Inside this large room was were most of the children entertained themselves. It had many tables with bookshelves filled to the brim with old and worn books. One small section in the room had cushioned chairs and a fireplace. Walking past the library/children's room was a door a few ways down that had a small and decently cleaned bathroom. Across the hallway was another dark brown colored door with a rusty gold doorknob that led down to the basement. Another doorway a few feet away from the basement doorway was where they washed all their clothes. At the very far end of the hallway was a door the led out to the gardens. It was a place the small boy hated. The Orphanage had four stories. The last three stories were the rooms where all the other children slept. Each child had its own separate room. That was the only thing the boy could ever be happy about. The Orphanage was more like a prison than anything. It looked like one too. Or, maybe even one of those Insane Asylums. With a glower once more out the window, he gracefully walked over to his desk. Taking a seat on the hard wood chair he flipped open the thick tomb sitting atop of it and began to read where he last left off. An elderly man, with a short white beard that reached in length to the middle of his chest, walked swiftly down the desolate metropolitan side street. His shoulder length, white hair fluttered behind him as the wind blew by. The elderly man wore normal attire. The suit was dark in color, with dark thin gold stripes. His shirt was dark gold as well and his shoes black. A suitcase was grasped in a pale hand, swinging as he walked. A long black overcoat hung over his left arms, the same arm that the suitcase was being held in. The elderly man looked forward, looking at the sinister and ominous looking structure at the far end of the street. The sound of pleased children reached his ears as he neared closer to the building, causing a bright and cheerful smile to grace his aging face. Ah, the wonderful sound of children's laughter. It was a sound that always brightened his day. With a friendly smile, the elder man pulled open the black wrought iron gates and stepped into the courtyard of St. Abigail's Orphanage for Abandoned and Orphaned Children. Many children froze as they noticed the elder man, stopping in the middle of their games to look the strange stranger with wary curiosity. With a smile and small chuckle, the older man continued on his way, humming a small tune to himself. He walked down the cobblestone pathway to the front door and rang the doorbell to the left. He waited patiently, his humming continuous, as he listened for the sound of footsteps nearing the front door. "Can I help you?" A young female voice questioned as the door swung open. Looking away from the roof, he came face to face with a fourteen-year-old girl