A/N: Hullo! A quick bit of Dramione, because it's been too long. Thanks, JKR, for being tolerant of me messing with your stuff. Again. Felix Smoke lingers in idiom and metaphor. It's an obfuscation, a warning. Eventually, it descends—a coat for the windowsill, the scent that lingers in a quilt. Hogwarts—what it once was—went up in smoke. I traced it in the soot, the grime that was once books, the dust settled in the nooks of a carved balustrade. It was Vincent Crabbe, under my tentative finger. Everything settled into its new form which was without shape or structure. The orderly bones were powder, and I loved Ron and Harry and had no name for what to call the detritus of those flames. Harry and Ron didn't come to Australia. Do you think they wanted to? Harry chose not to die after he chose to die, but he didn't choose the recovery that followed; truly it was the week in St. Mungo's that made him fall in love with Ginny for good, though he'd never admit his need to be mothered. Ron might have wanted to come with me, but he didn't want the leaving. I wasn't the leavings, but who knew that Ron was the grounded center of that clan? Bill never deserved the title. Molly gave her blessing for Ron to join me. Arthur had told him to go, but on the day we were to leave, he was knee-to-knee with a sobbing George. They don't call it the twins' bedroom anymore. It's the one that doesn't have a name, not Ginny's or Ron's or Percy's —a process of elimination. Ron wore an apron. He peeled potatoes. He cooked now. His mother had made too much food and then cried at the realizing of it. I said I couldn't wait for him, but that was a lie. I had waited for years. I can wait. I was just done wanting to. I had felt the numb loneliness that doesn't demand the fatiguing work of company, and there was a bit of fury to remind me that I had modified my parents' minds all by myself. I had researched alone; I had no one to hold my hand and nod encouragement; I bore the responsibility if I were caught by the imaginary someone who wasn't yet in Azkaban but could put me there and walk away. There was no one to blame if it went wrong, and I was the only one who loved my parents enough to remember their expendable minds. And of course the shame that I had done this. The shame of Molly and Arthur not asking after my parents. The last time Arthur had mentioned them, he said he was sorry my mother didn't have magic and had to leave me to work. My shock was seen as shame, I suppose. In the War, Molly fought for her family, and Arthur fought for the ideology of plugs. I wasn't sneaking away, really. I just didn't make a point of a goodbye. I left a note. My small bag didn't thump shut or hit the landing on my way out. I didn't take the Floo, no smudges of Weasley hearth on my jacket. It had occurred to me that Harry might chafe at normalcy, and Ron might resent his sink of potatoes. They might think of me. I went to Hogwarts first, to tell Professor McGonagall of my plans, lest their thinking move them to look for me. She would make them think better of it. Hogwarts had resumed and had witnessed a Christmas already. I had put off confronting the problem I had created until every last Death Eater sympathizer had been locked up or killed, and in the interim, Hogwarts smelled of damp fires and freshly varnished wood. The students who had vanished were replaced by others who had reappeared. The Hall was thinly populated though, and subdued, and I noticed that the Slytherin table was the most sparse of all. The Hufflepuff table, however, was disproportionately full. Inclusion was cool now, I supposed. ... "Are you sure you are well enough to do this alone?" Minerva nibbled thoughtfully on a biscuit from one of the tins piled on her desk, note cards still attached to most of them. She was the only one I would allow—that I wanted—to say this to me. "I think so, yes." We both pretended my voice wasn't tight. She offered me a Ginger Newt. When I declined, she surveyed the packages and handed me a handsome red box with a gold bow. "These are excellent, I'd bet. Honoria Spencer. She has a bake shop in Highgate." Minerva held them out so that I couldn't refuse the box. She settled then, back in her chair and closed her eyes. "Draco Malfoy is here. I know he doesn't scare you," she added, as an afterthought. I pulled a face. "Kingsley is holding his father. Draco and his mother have been released, though Draco was sent to me after the memorials." "What for? Why to you?" I sounded like Harry, though the only feeling I could name of those that bubbled forth was jealousy . "Because now he is willing to learn from me." She opened her eyes. "Because it was what Albus asked me to do." Purposefully vague. I swallowed, my mouth still too dry for a Newt. "We have more work to do, he and I, but he needs some time to absorb our first lessons." I was less interested in Draco's learning than I was in why it was being shared, and it was apparent that it interested Professor McGonagall that I didn't ask another question. She flicked her eyebrows in a moment of quick surprise and took another biscuit. "You've got the Portkey arranged?" "Yes, but I suppose I need to cancel. I-" I reddened. "I booked for extra." "For Ron Weasley?" Professor McGonagall's voice was jarringly gentle. I wondered in that moment if she was ever so when we were in school. I frowned. "No. I think I just was used to sorting three. Or maybe I did hope they would come. For me. I don't know." She nodded. "Just tell the Australians when you arrive that no one was splinched or lost. They don't need the paperwork." I nodded. I felt stuck to my seat. "You will send an owl when you find them?" She pushed her chair back. I was being dismissed. "Yes, Professor." … Minerva suggested that I eat lunch at the castle. I wasn't terribly hungry, but she reminded me that it might be some time before I ate properly again, with my plans before the Portkey, and I recalled feeling much better having eaten before I took one of those. I couldn't pretend that I was ready to leave, either. So many goodbyes that I never would have the chance to say, and I wanted to sit in the Great Hall and maybe pretend that Arithmancy worried me, and not Australia. I walked to the end of the Gryffindor table near the front out of habit, from all the years Harry wanted to scrutinize the Head Table, to eavesdrop. It felt peculiar to eat without a paper or a book to read, but I had gotten in the habit of hiding my bag's capacity, and so I didn't rummage in my library. I thought I would people watch, but there were so many eyes on me that I thought of Harry, and I felt a pang of understanding. I focused on my plate, and I realized too, just then, how little pie I was able to eat after months of hunger and fear. Molly would always fuss about me not eating enough of her endless, doughy meals, but I knew this pie and this plate, and it was yet another of a seemingly endless list of things that reminded me of my newest self. I was thrown for a moment by my new appetite, and I didn't notice Draco had come in and walked over to the Gryffindor table and stopped as an invisible hand pulled him back. He had stepped back on his heel, ready to move as he quickly scanned the room for a table. I looked with him, and I saw what he saw, an overfilled Hufflepuff table, Ravenclaws spaced in even, closed groups, Slytherins actively watching him, their elder housemate, eyes cool. Ah. This was his table now. He sat with the Gryffindors. The plates had stayed the same, but all appetites had changed. What came out of my mouth shocked us both. "Well, sit down then, if I am at your spot." I took a sip of water to help the next bite of pie on my plate coax its way down. Draco swallowed. "Thank you." His voice cracked slightly, as though he'd not used it yet today. He wasn't in school robes but in casual Muggle clothing. His hair was cropped short, and he looked much healthier than the last time I had seen him, save the faint purple shadows under his eyes. I desperately wished for a paper now, and as I did, the Magical Law Enforcement section slid to my right hand, and for a moment I thought I had summoned it. Draco held up his section like a choral folder, and he nodded as I looked up. "Did you want the Quidditch page?" he asked, mildly. "No, thank you." I smiled politely, but at my plate. We ate our meals in silence, and I let it be awkward. I knew he'd escaped Azkaban because I told Kingsley the truth; Draco didn't die to in an attempt to save me from his aunt, but he didn't hand us over to her. It was like everything that year, furtive, pathetic, and just lucky enough for me to live on. He'd written to each of us. Harry was first. I was wrong. I am sorry. You are all better people than I can hope to be, Harry. Harry found it uncomfortable—I wondered if it felt bad to lose a nemesis. Ron showed me his letter before he read it himself; it was the least heartfelt of the three, I had thought, but Ron held it for a full minute before setting it alight with his wand, a quick blast and then ghostly wisps of ash. I know what had held Ron. I brought Greyback, and I am sorry. I helped Voldemort, and your brother is gone, and I am sorry. Draco didn't say he didn't know about Greyback, but he didn't; he didn't say he wanted Fred alive, or he was sorry about the Quidditch taunts, or that being poor didn't matter, and I suppose that was exactly what Ron needed. I wonder if McGonagall helped with them. If she had helped with mine, I would have been surprised. My letter was just one sentence. I took everything out on you. Harry either put his in a bin or filed it in his papers at Gringotts; there's no telling. I saved mine, having been so near to those days to not yet know what I should burn, and what I should keep. …. It wasn't hard to ignore Draco and be absorbed by the newspaper; the last of the known Death Eaters had been confined to Azkaban, and though their sentencing signaled it was safe to find my parents, I hadn't had time to evaluate the legal means the Wizengamot had used to do it. Fortunately, I ate more food in my distraction than I would have otherwise, and I thanked Draco for the paper and slid the section to him as I grabbed my bag. He looked like he was debating whether to speak, but he looked at me and nodded my welcome. …. The path beyond the entrance to the castle sloped down to Hogsmeade, but today it felt as though I were jumping from the stone steps into blank sky. I was