Vapour floated up from the steaming cup of hot chocolate currently held in a certain sea green eyed boy' hands. Lying comfortably with his back propped up, Percy started at the TV in front of him, half listening to the news. Outside, snowflakes littered the ground and continued to fall from the sky. Once or twice a car drove by, but besides that, silence ruled over the cozy neighborhood, soft orange lights glowing from the porches. Percy took a sip of his hot cocoa, careful not to burn his tongue and placed it on the wooden coffee table in front of him. Resting on the table was an envelope, its top ripped and the letter inside worn from being read too many times. Gingerly reaching for the delicate stationery, Percy slowly removed the letter from its case and re-read the words written messily by his lover across the ocean. Dear Perce, I've got good news. I'll be returning home pretty soon. We've finally been allowed to leave our posts in Afghanistan and return back home. The only thoughts that have been keeping my going through these hellish conditions were the thoughts of your beautiful face. God, Perce, I miss you so much. I feel both my body and soul crave the time when we will finally get to reunite. The wait seems to mock me, but the thought of you pulls me through it. When I get back, I swear to make up for all of the time we spent away from each other. Don't expect to be able to move in the morning. Forever in Love, Luke. Percy felt his cheeks get warm and a fuzzy feeling buzz through his body, no matter how many times he read the letter over again. See, going to poetry classes always pays off. The minute he read the letter the first eight times, he did a major clean-up of the house he shared with his blonde soldier. Day after day he waited for a knock on the door. Once, he was reading a book, and there was a small rapping on the door. He raced to it and flung it open, only to see a person trying to sell him some steak ( AN: Don't ask… ). Without a second thought he had slammed the door shut. It slowly ate away at him; the feeling of waiting for the person you needed the most after not seeing them for four years. He missed those deep crystal clear blue eyes that looked at him with such love and devotion it sent wonderful shivers down his spine. He felt his eyes sting, quickly rubbing them. He put the letter back into its envelope and took a hold of his mug full of cocoa. Taking another small sip, Percy slid the thick warm blanket over him, his eyes getting heavy when there was a ring at the door. Sighing, he got up and gave his clothes a small dusting and combed his hair with his fingers until he was satisfied that he was presentable to strangers. Slowly walking to the door, Percy opened the indigo door, only to see the face of the one he was thinking of minutes ago. Percy felt his eyes go wide, his body frozen on the spot. "L-Luke?" The said blonde grinned and grabbed the ravenette, pulling him into an overdue embrace. He felt his body unfreeze and melted into the form that held him. He felt his eyes trickle. He gladly wrapped his arms around the neck of the blonde, pulling him even closer. "You're back, you're finally back." Luke buried his face into the soft hair of his lithe lover. "I'm home." Too long he had missed moments like these, the warmth radiating from Percy enveloping him, removing all sense of the cold he felt seconds ago. He curled his arms around Percy's waist, burying his face into his neck, breathing in the divine smell. The sea-green eyed boy had no distinctive scent, but rather his very own. Nothing could describe it better than simply calling it Percy and Luke easily let it intoxicate him like it has done so many times in the past. Percy shivered at the touch of Luke's cold face against his vulnerable neck. He never wanted to let go. But, atlas, the two of them couldn't just remain here on the porch outside the door in the middle of winter could they? Very reluctantly, Percy removed his arms from Luke's neck and pulled him inside, closing the door behind him. Luke gazed at the house in wonder. Nothing had changed since he left. He turned around to look at Percy, finding the young man staring at him. Finding Luke's gaze on him, Percy remembered what the man wrote in the letter, and turned away, blushing. Smirking, Luke removed his coat and shoes, placing his bags on the floor before walking up to Percy and hugging him once more. Easily their bodies fit together, as if they were molded to perfection. Luke placed one arm around the younger man's waist and the other raking itself through his raven locks. Percy felt like purring at the feeling of the larger man's fingers. Once again he wrapped his hands around Luke's neck. Eventually, Luke stopped his exploration of Percy's head and brought his hand to lift the boy's head to look at him. Sea-green eyes looked back at ice blue ones. Both holding such desire and love for each other, they wondered how they managed to spend so much time apart. Slowly, Luke brought his lips down and Percy fluttered his eyes closed, enjoying the moist warmth as their lips connected. At first, it was sweet, loving and gentle, until soon, it became more passionate and erratic. Luke sucked and devoured the lips before him, nibbling on them slightly, causing Percy to gasp. Using this to his advantage, Luke hastily shoved his tongue into the warm cavern belonging to Percy. He roamed the younger one's mouth, letting every nook and cranny be re-learned and re-engraved to his memory. Percy moaned slightly. It was so real, and he loved it. For too long he had yearned for these kisses, and now that he had them, he never wanted them to leave. He slowly rubbed his tongue against Luke's, almost creating a dance between the two of them. The boy raked his hands through Luke's golden hair, enjoying the feeling. After four years, Percy had expected Luke's skills to be a little rusty, but the blonde never failed to surprise. His tongue passed over Percy's teeth and encouraged the boy to follow his moves, because unlike the older man, Percy was very rusty. For all of the four years Luke had been gone, Percy hasn't slept with anyone. No matter how tempting it was, Percy kept himself faithful on Luke, but the advances by Annabeth made it difficult. Oh, the hardships of being a bi. Luke cupped Percy cheeks, bringing their faces closer together. Then, he began to lead the two of them out of the doorway. Slowly, the two made their way to the kitchen just as Percy pulled away, panting, a shameful amount of saliva connecting his and Luke's lips. The boy soon found himself pressed against the counter, and with their forehead still touching, he moved until he was sitting on the counter, just slightly taller than Luke. Luke slowly licked away the saliva dripping from the younger one's mouth, Percy shivering of the touch of tongue to skin. Smirking, Luke began to leave butterfly kisses trailing from the boy's jawline down to his neck. Moaning, Percy looked down at Luke and reclaimed his lips. The older man chuckled. "Eager, aren't you Perce?" Percy stared down at the pair of eyes below him. "O-Of course." Percy wrapped his legs around Luke's waist, pulling the two closer together. His arms were slung around Luke's neck, trying to leave no space between them. Luke chuckled again. Slowly, Luke moved his lips away from Percy's and began hungrily feasting on the neck before him. Percy moaned as Luke attacked his neck, leaving angry red marks in his wake. "A-ah, L-Luke." Luke found the sensitive spot at the base of Percy neck and bit down hard. "Haa, ah, L-Luke." Luke licked the angry hickey, almost apologetically, before beginning to suck on another patch if the boy's creamy skin. Percy let his arms trail up Luke's shirt, feeling the toned muscles underneath. Exploring the familiar body in front of him, Luke groaned softly, his now hard member just barely pressing against Percy's. Gasping, the boy eagerly pulled Luke closer and grinded their hips together. Luke hissed while Percy only groaned from pleasure. "Oh, haa, Lu-Luke, please." Luke grinned. "But of course." He grabbed Percy's hips and roughly shoved their clothed hard-ons together. "Ah~. G-gods, L-luke," Grinding into the trembling body before him, Luke grunted, their rock hard groins causing so much pleasurable friction, he wasn't sure if he would be able to stop. Thrusting into Percy's crotch set the smaller man crazy. "O-oh god, h-harder Luke." The said man willingly complied, moving faster than he was before. Percy's back was arched, trembling as he clung for dear life onto his lover, moaning lewdly, turning the both of them on even more. Slowly, Luke's hands made their down to Percy's butt, and he squeezed the two cheeks, earning a squeak from the smaller man. He ceased his movements and picked Percy up, exiting the kitchen. Percy whined to the loss of friction, desperately trying to regain the lost feeling. He moved his hips, rubbing their erected members against each other. Luke growled. Piece by piece his self-control was slipping as Percy deliciously grinded into his hard member. It took him all of his willpower not to just fuck him senseless right there in the middle of the stairs (not that he had a problem with that, but Percy would probably never let him hear the end of it). He and Percy's lips met once again and Luke shoved his wet muscle between swollen lips, once again exploring the smaller man's mouth. Moaning, Percy complied to his kiss and pressed their faces closer together, still grinding desperately into Luke, the man now replying with thrusts of his own. Somehow, the two managed to make it to the bedroom. Luke closed the door and laid Percy gently down on their bed. Half-lidded sea green eyes stared at clouded lust hungry blue ones. Luke crawled over Percy, re-capturing his lips. Moaning, Percy wrapped his arms around Luke's neck as the older man's hand slowly traveled down south until he gently gripped the hard shaft of the moaning man beneath him. With gentle strokes, Luke began to pump the leaking member, ignoring his own problem and focusing on the moans from his lover. Noticing Luke neglecting his own hard-on, Percy slowly let his own hand begin to travel towards the stiff cock, palming the hot flesh in his hand. Hissing, Luke sped up his strokes, his lips traveling down from Percy's neck and began sucking on one of the pink nubs on his chest. Moaning, Percy arched into Luke's touch, each feeling and sensation sending closer to the edge. Soon, the ravenette felt the familiar feeling of heat pooling in his abdomen and eventually ceased his ministrations on his lover's stiff shaft. A soundless scream escape his lips as he came all over his own and Luke's chests. Smirking, Luke moved away from the two sensitive and swollen nipples and caught Percy's lips with his own. "Luke…" The way Percy moaned his name with his lewd and flushed expression was enough to send the soldier over the edge, coming and staining the bed sheets beneath the two. Reaching over, Luke's hand searched for the night table and opened the drawer, hoping everything was where he remembered. Feeling the smoothness or the lube bottle and the hearing the crinkly of a condom made Luke grin and