I wrote this piece over a year ago in support of Stand Up for Katalina. If you participated then I apologize, as it won't be new to you. However, I felt this was a good opportunity to share this and thank the fandom for your support over the years. This is a special community and I feel fortunate to have been a part of it. Mariahajile and Alex; thank you for helping me pretty this up. I couldn't have done it without you. Bornonhalloween thank you for the beautiful banner! In memory of Katalina and the incredible people who touch our lives, leaving behind a mark that cannot be erased. Memories in Ink I looked out into the sea of proud faces and found my mother, hands clasped in her lap, a small smile gracing her lips. Behind the pleased façade, an aura of sadness draped around her, making her shoulders sag. Her smile faltered as I caught her gaze. Beside her, my younger sister texted away, oblivious to my mother's conflicted pain. What should have been a joyous occasion was tainted by the absence of my father. His death had rocked us all. My mother suffered the most, his sudden departure from this world sending hers into upheaval. Today, as I walked across the stage and accepted my diploma, I felt the loss acutely. He was my staunchest supporter, the one person whose wisdom I sought at each fork in the road. Without him on this day, I felt unbalanced. Afterward, we went for a quiet dinner at dad's favorite restaurant. Mom tried to keep it together, but the wounds were too fresh. Only three months had passed, and the trip down memory lane wasn't manageable for her. As the only son, I adopted the role of caretaker, stepping into the shoes of the man I had revered. I drove them home while mom sniffled beside me and my sister huffed from the back seat. The click-click-clicking of her incessant texting grated on my nerves. I had to remind myself she was young and struggling to cope, just like the rest of us. That night, while my fellow graduates celebrated the beginning of life beyond the protective shield of university classes, I sat on the living room couch with my weeping mother and pored over dad's art portfolio. How my priorities had changed in a few short months. We paused at each page and she would tell me a story, painting a more detailed picture of the man I called my father. I missed him. I missed our candid conversations about life and what the future might bring during our morning runs. I felt cheated out of the opportunity to know him beyond these years of personal screw-ups and learning from mistakes. At twenty-five, there lay before me a road untraveled, but I felt lost without the guidance I had taken for granted. "He would have been so proud of you," she said quietly, fingers drifting over the lines that created an image of her own face. It was so intricate in detail, it looked like a photograph. "I know." "I miss him terribly." "Me, too." I didn't tell her it would be okay or that it would get better. I didn't tell her anything. Nor did she try to placate me with insincere words of reassurance. Instead, I wrapped my arm around her shoulder and we grieved together, me for the father I had lost, her for the future that had disappeared. 3 MONTHS LATER I shelved the still warm plate and grabbed another from the dish rack. The dishwasher had broken yesterday, and mom hadn't known what to do. I called in the repairman. It was one of those simple things dad would have taken care of in the past, but now he wasn't here to do it. Instead, I stopped by a couple of times a week, had dinner, mowed the lawn, and took care of the essentials. It was the new normal. "Are you sure you want to put the house on the market?" I asked. My mother sighed. "No, but I don't think I can live here anymore." "How's Alice feel about it?" "She told me I was a selfish bitch and locked herself in her room." Her voice hitched, and her eyes welled with tears. That explained my mother's transparent excuse about Alice being under the weather when she refused to eat dinner with us. She grabbed the counter, taking a deep breath to compose herself. It troubled me, how tight a leash she had on her emotions these days. "You want me to talk to her?" "You could try. I doubt you'll get very far, though. She's like your father that way; thick headed." She smiled faintly, her eyes far away, lost in a memory. "Give Allie some time. She'll come around." She would, I was certain. I'd talk to her, and hopefully, she would see reason. The house was too big for the two of them, and I couldn't move back in. I didn't want to suffocate in the memories. I changed the subject, concerned the topic would cause more stress than it would alleviate. "You know dad's sketchbooks?" "Hm. What about them?" She was distant now, closed off and shut down. These times were the hardest, when she was present but not. "Do you think I could borrow a few? I'll bring them back, but there are some sketches I'd like to make copies of." She wrung out the cloth and pulled the stopper from the drain, watching the water swirl and funnel until the sink was empty. "Of course, dear. You can keep them, though. Your father would have wanted you to have those." "Thanks, mom." I pulled her into a tight hug, wishing I could do something to ease the ache left behind from his loss. "Why don't we go find the ones you want, then?" She gave me a firm squeeze. The strength in her embrace was a contradiction to her fragile emotional state. She was a hollowed out version of the mother I once knew. I hoped time would heal her and bring her back. I worried it wouldn't. We spent the evening sifting through boxes of dad's old sketchbooks. They were all time-stamped, dating back to before I was born. He had been relentless in his quest to capture beauty in any medium he could master. He'd been an unparalleled art teacher for the local college, and I had envied him his talent with colors. My artistic pursuits fell more into the musical category, but I had chosen to keep that as a hobby rather than make it a career. I excelled at business, and numbers. Sometimes I wondered if I'd made the right choice. I took a box of sketchbooks home with me, flipping through them until the sun peeked over the horizon. I used Post-it notes to mark the pages I loved most, narrowing down the choices for the art I wanted to use to memorialize my father. We had talked about it months before my graduation from the MBA program at Harvard. We'd even gone as far as researching shops and artists, setting a tentative date for the event. We had planned to commemorate the important marker in the timeline of my life—and his—with tattoos. He had talked about the design, but I'd never seen anything in his sketchbooks to match his description. I figured he hadn't had the opportunity to flesh out the image in his mind. It wasn't until I looked through the most recent volume of sketches that I found what I was looking for. The design was incomplete, but it was evident it was the piece he had meant for us to wear. The bones of the art existed, but the absence of color made it two dimensional. Despite its half-finished state, I made a consultation appointment. Dad had noted an artist at a specific shop on the back of the unfinished piece, and I hoped she could do something with the design. The appointment was scheduled for later in the evening, so I stopped at home first and changed out of my suit, into some casual clothes. The shop was nicer than I expected; the floors were polished hardwood, plush chairs surrounded a coffee table with magazines and custom tattoo albums. I approached the cash desk, running my finger along the steel edge, and peered through the glass top. Inside the casings were rings and barbells of varying sizes and colors. A burly guy with a thick beard and some serious ink covering his arms sat behind the counter. He didn't look very friendly. "Hi, I have an appointment with Bella." He nodded and bellowed over his shoulder, "Bella, your eight o'clock is here." A girl across the room glanced over from her station and called back; "She can't hear you, Emmett. She's in the back doing a piercing." Emmett gestured to the waiting area. "You can have a seat. She won't be long." I did as I was told, sitting in one of the chairs facing the interior of the shop. A few minutes later, a guy came out of a room at the back of the shop looking shell-shocked. A woman followed close behind. She was hidden by his broad frame so I didn't get a good look at her until she approached the cash register, slipping between Emmett and the counter. She was beautiful in an eccentric way. Her hair was long, the color of mahogany laced through with bright streaks of poppy red, falling in thick waves around her face. Her eyes were a rich, cinnamon brown, framed with heavy lashes. Dramatic make-up accentuated her features but didn't overwhelm. A silver ring pierced her nose, and a diamond stud decorated the upper right side of her lip. Her t-shirt showed off an intricate and colorful sleeve on her left arm. She looked to be in her mid-twenties at best. She finished with her current customer, passing him a folder of information before she sent him on his way. "Edward?" she asked, her gaze moving from the computer screen to me. "Hi." I rose from the chair, suddenly self-conscious. My dad had an innate charisma that made people gravitate to him. I missed his presence and the way his confidence had always given me the jolt of courage I needed. It was absent now. I second guessed myself, feeling out of place. The jeans and the t-shirt that had seemed reasonable now felt too preppy. She stepped out from behind the cash, her smile open as she approached me. Even with her heels I had almost a foot on her. I took her proffered hand, hyper aware of how warm and soft it felt in mine. "Looks like you came prepared." She nodded to the sketch book tucked under my arm. "I did." "Can I have a look?" She motioned for me to have a seat and dropped into the chair across from me. I nervously passed over the sketch book. Being here made my decision to move forward with this tattoo more real. I ran my damp palms over my thighs as she set the book between us and flipped it open. She scanned several pages before she looked up, her gaze inquisitive. "These are beautiful. Did you have something specific in mind, though?" I reached across the table and flipped to the page with the half-complete design. "It's just an outline. I think it would work best in color." She stared at it a good long time, fingering the edge of the page. "This is great. I can definitely work with this. Have you thought about where you want it?" Dad and I had talked about that before he passed. We'd thrown around ideas, but we'd never settled on an exact location. At the time, I'd figured we didn't have to make any concrete decisions. Now I wished we had. "Well, it