The usual reasons for this sort of storyline—basically, I wanted to put Edward in a weakened position, since everyone seems to take his being strong for granted. And I thought Jacob should learn the consequences of his actions. And Bella should open her eyes. And honestly, fancy reasoning aside, I just felt like writing a fanfiction because I am so cool. Enjoy! Chapter One Jacob had been planning it for a very long time. The thing was that Bella always seemed to fall for the bloodsucker's act; she'd look at a monster and be fooled by smooth talk and a pretty face. She'd chosen him over Jacob and that wasn't fair, Jacob wasn't used to being denied the things he wanted, and the slight made him stay up every night stewing until he found a way to make her his. Edward Cullen had attempted suicide, and it had made Bella practically fall over herself to get to him. Jacob didn't want to kill himself—he had no intention of dying. But Bella didn't need to know that. She'd always been pathetic at telling when someone was lying to her. Jacob knew the plan would work. Even more than having Bella, he was looking forward to seeing Cullen's face when he realized he'd lost, looking into the monster's eyes and holding Bella to his side and saying, She kissed me. I win . Then he did it. But winning didn't feel nearly as good as he'd thought it would. / Jacob bounded down the mountainside with a whoop, his tongue lolling out in the crisp cold air and his feet positively flying off the snowy ground. She'd kissed him. Kissed him . And she'd liked it. You see that, Cullen, Jacob shouted, blessing the freak's mindreading because he would have been a witness to the entire scene. Jacob had made sure of it by broadcasting every thought and sensation during the kiss as loudly as he could. You see how much she liked it? Does she moan for you like that? He heard the pack's silent disapproval in the back of his mind. They thought Jacob's methods were wrong. As if they really cared when it was Edward Cullen being hurt, Jacob thought furiously. God, they were such hypocrites. None of them really gave a damn about a leech's happiness—they just wanted to be able to sleep at night. Jacob was about to tell them so when the sound of shouting reached his ears. Near the top of the mountain, he could hear Bella's sobs. And a guy's voice. Yelling at her. Jacob wheeled around and raced back the way he'd come, hardly daring to believe his luck. Could the bloodsucker have turned on her that quickly? This might have worked better than expected. Maybe Cullen would end things with her and Jacob wouldn't even have to do any work. Excitement lent him speed, and Jacob reached the top of the mountain within minutes. Once he'd cleared the last of the trees, he stumbled to a halt, sweat cooling on his body and panting hot breath out into the air. The scene was nothing like he'd expected. Bella had tears running down her cheeks, just like he'd thought, but it was Seth who was inches from her, face red like he'd been screaming. Cullen stood with his shoulder solidly behind Bella's, eyes shuttered, muscles tensed beneath his skin. "You had no right to do that to him!" Seth said, throwing his arms in the air. "What are you, stupid? How could you fall for Jake's trick?" Bella couldn't respond. She was crying too hard for that. "That's enough , Seth," Cullen said furiously, and Jacob stared, backtracking to listen from behind the trees. Bella cried over a lot of things, and Seth liked Cullen so it wasn't that surprising he was leaping to his friend's defense, but it was the leech's reaction that made Jacob freeze. Cullen looked upset—not angry or arrogant, just a serious hurt that he was trying and failing to hide. Jacob bit his lip on a smirk. So bloodsuckers could get hurt feelings, apparently. Who knew? But Cullen had no right to care if Bella betrayed him. It wasn't like he was a person. "But Edward," Seth said, voice wavering, "Edward, how can you let them do this? Why aren't you mad at her? Or Jacob?" "Bella didn't do anything wrong—she has the right to—" Cullen broke off, and Jacob saw him clench a fist against the fabric of his jeans. "And neither did Jacob," Cullen continued. "He was—he was upset. He didn't mean any harm. I get it, okay?" Cullen was defending him. He was actually— Jacob phased back then and there, dressing and running out from behind the trees. Cullen turned to look at him, unsurprised, but the other two jumped and Bella actually gave a little scream through her tears. "What the hell are you playing at, leech?" Jacob spat. Cullen's lack of anger was leaving him strangely irritated. It wasn't what he'd expected at all, and he'd been looking forward to an explosion. " I kissed her . I manipulated her into kissing me ," he said savagely. "Doesn't that make you mad?" Cullen's eyes flashed black, just for a moment. "It makes me furious ," he gritted out. "But I'm not going to place blame where it doesn't belong!" So where does it belong? Jacob wanted to ask, but he didn't get the chance. At that moment a breeze wafted their way and the three supernatural creatures stiffened, muscles tensing as they caught an unmistakable scent. Vampire. In a move much too quick to be human, Cullen grabbed Bella and pulled her behind him, one arm curved protectively around her waist. Jacob and Seth stripped off their clothes and phased as one, the pack's worry hitting them like a sledgehammer. "It's okay," Cullen said loudly, eyes unfocused, and Jacob wasn't sure who he was addressing until he heard Sam warily asking asking whether the pack should come help. Right. The freak was reading their minds. "It's just one vampire. We can handle it." The pack had finished their half of the fight, Jacob heard, and Paul and Quil were pawing impatiently at the ground. Sam had to order them not to run up and join the action. Jacob sent a mental snicker their way. Eager much, guys? Too bad you're stuck down there, he ragged them, listening with amusement to their irritation. In the next second Cullen lunged without warning, shoving Jacob to the ground. Jacob leapt to his feet, fuming, before he saw that the newborn was crouched exactly where he'd been just a moment before. The rock around it was crushed and misshapen from its landing. Jacob swallowed hard, suddenly nauseous. He hadn't been paying attention and— That could've been me. The pack mind was a cacophony of shock and relief, some of them offering grudging thanks for Cullen's quick save. Jacob scowled. Like the leech hadn't had some ulterior motive. He turned to see that Cullen was no longer by his side, but facing the newborn with his head cocked like he was lost in thought. His arms hung loosely by his sides, fingers relaxed. The animal change hadn't really come over him yet. The newborn's red eyes focused clearly on Cullen's face, and as Jacob watched, it went for him. / The newborn was big, and heft made it slow, so Edward was able to absorb enough details to catalogue it quickly. Grey cargo pants, powerful hands, short-cropped brown hair and red eyes that glowed like beacons in the gloom. The man was thirty, maybe thirty-five. A few months past the newborn stage, so the residual strength would not have fully drained from the muscles but impulses would be better controlled. The newborn grinned, showing teeth that were still bloodstained from its latest kill—a young girl in Seattle. The memories were hazy with thirst and lust. Dangerous. Too dangerous to be allowed to live, Edward thought with regret. This man had had a life. But that poor girl. She'd had one too. Glancing around, Edward quickly memorized his surroundings. Light glittered coldly off the snow and the sky was grey, casting the whole world in darkness like a half-lit stage. A sheer part of the mountainside loomed up like a cliff, its top disappearing into the thick clouds. He sank into a crouch and watched silently as the newborn circled him warily, sniffing the air. He was about to go in for the kill when Seth, who'd been growing steadily more impatient at the lack of action, took matters into his own hands and launched himself at the newborn with a snarl. Seth had come in at a bad angle. Edward saw immediately that he wasn't going to make it in time to protect himself. The wolves didn't realize exactly how fast newborns could be. Edward threw himself at the newborn and got there first, sending them both crashing to the hard ground. Seth skidded to a halt when he reached them a half-second later, spraying mud and snow in all directions. "Go, Seth," Edward bit out, struggling to stay on top of the newborn through its thrashing. "Now!" The sandy wolf stubbornly dug in his heels until Jacob yanked him away by the scruff of his neck. Seth whined loudly but sat back on his haunches, and Edward felt cool relief seep through him. He took a moment to look up and ensure that everyone was out of harm's way. Bella looked petrified with fear, her back pressed against the cliff face, and Seth's nose was between his paws as he watched. Jacob stood tense and poised to spring, hackles raised, unsure of whether or not he should join the fray. Edward waved him off, no, he didn't need him. Jacob could get hurt. Besides, he'd fought newborns before and he wasn't so worried about this one. It was stronger, he was faster: they were pretty evenly matched. While the newborn was planning a feint to the right, Edward managed to catch it off guard and pin it against the cliff side with an arm across the neck. Reaching forward to tear out its throat, Edward was distracted before he could do so. Edward , Jacob thought loudly, and Edward looked up in surprise. Jacob was staring intently at him. You know, if you died, Bella would have a life. Edward froze, all thoughts of the fight leaving his head. And she knows that, Jacob continued, speaking quickly as if in a hurry to get out the words. Edward couldn't seem to pull his eyes away. She chose me. The kiss. Didn't you see? He had. Of course he had. And Edward had known all along that she would make the right choice in the end. The choice that left her happy and warm and alive. He wanted to be happy for her, he did, and the fact that he couldn't made him sick. And he'd been trying to forget, using the fight as a distraction to think of anything but the fact that she had kissed Jacob, she had chosen that path, the one that would leave Edward empty and cold without her warmth. Edward held Jacob's gaze for a brief frozen moment before the spell was broken. Seth shouted something Edward couldn't make out because the newborn was moving, twisting in his loosened grasp. He didn't have time to brace himself as the newborn threw him to the ground so hard that his bones rattled. When his head slammed against the rock, the world flashed white-hot and he felt a trickle of warm blood. Edward lay stunned for a moment. Then he rolled onto his side, instinctively gasping for breath. "Edward?" Bella's voice was high and wavering with fear. Edward stumbled to his feet, ignoring the way the world tilted and shook. He put a hand to the back of his head and then looked at