It all belongs to Stephenie Meyers. One Shot created for JBNP Autism Speaks Fundraiser. If interested in information or donating please see Autism Speaks website, the JBNP Funraiser was a success earning over $400 . The Beautiful banner was created by the talanted CAT (Rhodes 11). Taking Chances Leah Clearwater looked in the mirror, took a deep breath and tried to squelch the nausea that was suddenly overwhelming her entire body. She had never been this nervous in her life and she really needed to get it together. Which was easier said than done when she was completely out of her element. She picked up a hand towel…yes, an actual towel, no paper towels or loud obnoxious air dryers for the rich and famous…and wet the corner with cold water. Pressing it to the back of her neck she tried to focus on everything but her nerves. Looking around the opulent bathroom she couldn't help but snort. It was ridiculous. The money spent in here alone could feed a third world country. There were baskets with small toothbrush and mouthwash kits, trays with expensive perfumes and lotions that she could never afford and every kind of makeup and hair product imaginable. Everything was what you'd expect from a five hundred star hotel. She was amazed there wasn't an attendant there to wipe her ass. This wasn't her, none of it. Leah Clearwater was a jean wearing, no make-up, ponytail kind of girl. She grew up on a little reservation playing with mud and fishing with her dad and brother. She had a wonderful family who loved and supported her and after suffering a broken heart her senior year in high school she did the smartest thing she could have and ran. She ran straight to the University of Washington and focused all of her time and energy obtaining her bachelors degree in special education. Upon graduation she was immediately hired at a private school and found the loves of her life. Her students. She had to do this for them, or at least try. Every year Seattle assembled its rich and famous to support a cause. This year it was one close to Leah's heart, Autism. Which is why she was here. Her and several of her colleagues wanted to start a local summer camp for Autistic children in the Seattle area. She loved working with her students during the regular school year and they all felt a summer program would benefit not only the students but the staff as well. So she was here to beg. Literally. They needed funding, a lot of funding if the camp had any chance at success. She had to get the support they needed not only for the children, but for her as well. They were all she had. The truth was Leah was lonely. All she had were her kids. She never dated, she had tried a couple of times in college but it never worked out. Sam, her ex, had done a real number on her. They were together for a long time. A lot of people said it was just puppy love but to her it was real. They had even talked about getting married after graduation. But that never happened. Two months before they graduated she found out he had gotten some other girl pregnant. Apparently he had been cheating on her the entire time they were together. What made matters worse was that she knew the girl. Emily had been her favorite cousin. Their betrayal destroyed her but not before he shattered her heart. He blamed her, told her it was all her fault. That she was so bad at sex he had no choice but to get it somewhere else. Leah took another look in the mirror. She could do this. She may not have the confidence but she looked the part enough that she could fake it. Her shoulder length ebony hair had been styled in a sophisticated up do with strategically placed ringlets. The nice lady at the Clinique counter had professionally done her makeup and even she had to admit it had been worth the two hours of torture. Add in a mani/pedi and waxing and she actually felt beautiful. But the best part was her dress. The emerald strapless chiffon gown was stunning. The color made her green eyes pop and the slit up her right leg added a sexiness that made her blush with every leg-exposing step she took. She finished off the outfit with tiny diamond earrings, a graduation present from her brother, a fake diamond tennis bracelet courtesy of Claire's Boutique in the mall and a pair of killer four-inch black fuck me heels. Tossing the towel in the appointed basket she took one last deep breath, squared her shoulders and went back into the ballroom. Looking at the large clock on the wall she saw she still had about ten more minutes until she was up. She made her way to stand by the bar near the stage and started to read over her speech one last time. She was so focused on her note cards that she never saw the person standing next to her. All of a sudden a large masculine hand slid a short fat wine glass filled with an amber liquid in front of her. Her eyes followed the hand up a tuxedo-covered arm; over a broad shoulder and right into the most amazing obsidian eyes she had ever seen. "Drink this." His voice was deep and seductive. "Ex...Excuse me?" She stuttered. She couldn't speak; her mouth was suddenly drier than Death Valley. She had never seen such a good-looking man in her life much less spoken to one. "I said…drink this." He pushed the glass a little closer to her, "You look like you're about to pass out you're so nervous. It will help, I promise." Setting her cards down she reached for the sniffer with shaking hands but before she could get to it another large masculine hand picked it up. Turning to her right she almost melted. If she thought the first man was good-looking this one was even more so. His soft brown eyes smiled at her from behind long dark lashes. He. Was. Beautiful. Picking up the glass he slowly brought it to her lips. "Drink." He ordered. All she could do was comply. Wrapping her shaking hands around his large warm one she swallowed. The brandy left a trail of warmth in its wake and with it a false senses of calmness. Pulling the glass from her lips Hottie #2 smiled. "Better?" He asked, his husky voice warming places in her the brandy hadn't touched. "I…I…think so." Before she could say anything else the chairman introduced her and her project. Snapping back into panic mode she grabbed her discarded speech and quickly made her way to the podium. At least she wasn't nervous anymore. Now she was just flustered. What in the hell was that? It was like a scene out of one of her trashy contemporary romance novels. Shit like that did not happen in real life, especially not to her. Daring a glance towards the bar she saw both men staring at her. Fuck. Focusing on anything but them she cleared her throat and proceeded to give her speech. The room erupted in applause and she smiled. She did it. Now that her speech was done she could get the hell out of there. She really should stay and mingle. Try to get a few donations by talking to guests and answering questions, but she couldn't. Those men made her feel things she long thought dead and buried and it scared her. Making her way down the stairs she made a beeline for the exit. All of a sudden she stopped. Shit, she didn't have her purse. Where was it? When she remembered leaving it at the bar she did a mental face palm. Why her? Looking over her shoulder she saw Hottie #1 holding up the little bag. It was hanging off the tip of his finger and both men were leaning casually against the bar wearing matching satisfied smirks. There was no way around it. She needed her purse. Cursing under her breath she begrudgingly made her way back to the bar. "Ms. Clearwater, were you going somewhere?" Hottie #2 asked. His eyes were filled with humor, matching the dazzling smile on his face. "Home?" Why it came out a question she'll never know. "But the night is still young" Hottie #1 said. "Allow us to introduce ourselves. My name is Paul, Paul Lahote and this smiling idiot is Jacob, Jacob Black. But you can call him Jake." They each took one of her hands and kissed her knuckles. The feel of their hot mouths on her skin sent a pulse of electric heat through her body. "Leah Clearwater. It's a pleasure to meet you both." "Oh believe me Leah, the pleasure is all ours. But if you give us a chance it could definitely be yours." Paul said never removing his eyes from hers. She could feel the flush covering her cheeks. Was he serious? "Easy Paul, we don't want to scare her away. We just found her." Jake said, glaring at his friend with an unspoken message in his eyes. "So you're a teacher?" "Um…yes. Thank you for earlier. I was really nervous. Public speaking was never my thing, I handle one on one interactions better." "What about two on one?" Paul mumbled under his breath before taking a sip of his drink. "What was that?" She asked. She had heard him but she wanted to see if he would repeat it. She knew her face was red, hell, she felt red. Was this really happening? "Paul." Jake gave him a warning growl. "Ignore him, Leah. Can we buy you a drink?" "It's an open bar." She said, stating the obvious. "Ah, so it is. Touché, Ms. Clearwater, touché. Why don't we go somewhere where we have to buy you a drink then?" The look in Paul's eyes told her exactly what he wanted and it had nothing to do with buying her a drink. She continued to look at them, her eyes bouncing back and forth between the two gorgeous men. There was something vaguely familiar about them both. Paul and Jake…Paul and Jake? Oh my god. They were Paul Lahote and Jacob Black. The L and B in CLB Enterprises. These weren't just a couple of rich guys looking for a tax break. They were freaking billionaires. Their story was well known; Jared Cameron, Paul Lahote and Jacob Black were self-made men. Like her they grew up on a reservation, but they left and were now living the American dream. She wasn't sure exactly why they were so rich, but she did know they were way out of her league. She chanced a peek around the room and saw they were gaining more than a little attention. Jared Cameron was happily married to his high school sweetheart Kim; their son had been diagnosed with Autism at an early age so they always supported events like these. That would explain why they were there, to support their partner. But Jake and Paul were different, if rumors were correct, they had been best friends all their lives and did everything together and they did mean everything . Their exploits made national headlines and graced the covers of raunchy tabloid magazines on a regular basis. And now they were looking at her like she was their next meal. "Ohmygod. I have to get out of here. I can't do this." She whispered more to herself than anyone. Snatching her purse she fled the ballroom and never looked back. "Now see what you've done. You scared her off. God damn overbearing asshole." Jake complained, running his hand through his hair, Paul and his fucking mouth. "Just shut the fuck up and go after her Jake.