I do not own Harry Potter, or anything you recognize as belonging to the Harry Potter World. I do own the OC mentioned herein and the idea behind this story. Spring, 1976, Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry Fifth Year, Severus Snape Severus Snape, Slytherin, had just went to apologize to Lily Evans, Gryffindor, for calling her a mudblood yet again. He hadn't meant to, truly he hadn't, but the Marauders had been tormenting him nonstop and he had snapped, he just hadn't meant to snap at his first, and nearly only friend. The other Slytherins didn't quite count as friends, merely allies, and he used that term loosely in regard to them. Of course, after walking up all seven floors to the entrance to the Gryffindor Common Room entrance, Lily refused outright to come out, or even listen to his apology. He could hear the others laughing at him though, just through the portrait of the Fat Lady that looked down her nose at him, huffing and mumbling under her breath about him. Tears starting to form, Severus turned, leaned against the cold stone wall and slid down, drawing his legs up to his chest and resting her forehead against his robe clad knees, quietly sniffing back tears from having royally buggering this up big time. He felt himself shattering, having said that and not being able to at least attempt to make amends. What Severus didn't know, though, was that a Ravenclaw was heading in the wrong direction for her own Common Room, having had her nose stuck in a book and getting turned around from dodging about a crowd of students at the staircases. Her navy coloured dragonhide boots making barely a whisper of sound as she padded silently, pausing only when she heard a soft, ragged exhale of breath. Lowering her book, a rather thick tome about paint potions and how to make them, the olive toned female frowned and sighed quietly. She had heard about what happened out at the lake, nearly the entire school knew by now, and she thought it unfortunate but not big enough to keep gossiping about in the halls or Commons. Slipping a blue and bronze silk ribbon between the pages to mark her place, the Fifth Year girl moved to sit beside the boy. "Is the Gryffindor being unreasonable, Snape?" She asked quietly, her slightly accented voice startling the Slytherin. Staring at the opposite wall, her legs curled to her side away from the other student, the girl pretended not to notice the look of nearly fearful surprise on his pale, tear stained face. "What do you want, Gray?" He demanded, narrowing his red rimmed jet eyes at her, a sneer curving his thin lips. "You are sitting up here on the seventh floor corridor, right next to the entrance to the lion's den rather than down in the snake pit, or even at the eagle's nest. Its only natural I'm curious upon your behavior." She replied evenly, finally turning to look at him, her violet ringed amber eyes a tad on the expressionless side. She didn't look straight at him for long though, turning to stare at the wall again. She was not unaware of how unsettling her eyes were, even the Professors were unnerved some days when she looked at them for too long during a lesson. "If she isn't willing to listen to your heartfelt apologies, then she was not a true friend." The Ravenclaw continued, shifting slightly on the stone floor, making Severus realize just how uncomfortable they were. He still couldn't fathom why the other fifth year bothered sitting beside him, as she said, right next to the lion's den. Her house barely got along with them better than his own, and it was usually because they tutored the idiotic lions. "What is it to you?" He demanded, his voice loosing some of the ragged edge and becoming more of his usual drawl. He kept his eyes narrowed on her though, it wouldn't be the first time a Ravenclaw hexed him or helped along with the Marauders pranks. Gray only shrugged indifferently as she leaned back against the wall, pulling her wand to cast a cushioning charm on the floor where they sat. "I am only curious. If someone cannot forgive one word said in the heat of embarrassment after many years of friendship, then they must not truly be a good friend. While I may not have many friends, even I could understand words said to me in anger toward another is not a reason to completely cut off all forms of communication." She slipped her wand back inside the holster on her arm and folded her hands in her lap as she kept sitting there with him. "This is no concern of yours, we are not friends, so do not assume to give me advice." He hissed, glaring at her as though she was Sirius Black or James Potter rather than a girl who before now had only spoken to him when paired in classes. "Ah, of course, how silly of me." Turning, with a rueful smile curving her rather plain lips, she held out her hand. "Hazel Gray, pleasure to meet you." There was a playful light in her strange eyes, even among Pureblood standards. Eyeing her as though it was a trick, Severus looked around the hall, but of course there was no one else there, even after casting a spell to see if anyone else was around, everyone else was behind the portrait. Turning only the slightest bit, and moving as though he expecting a hex, he slowly placed his hand in her own. "Severus Snape," he begrudgingly replied, giving the barest shake before withdrawing his own slightly calloused hand from her own smooth one. "Well Severus," Hazel started, moving to stand without aid from her hands, something that had the male gaping at her for a second before his Slytherin mask taking over once again, and turning to face him, though her eyes didn't look directly into his own before continuing. "I was going to stop into my Common Room and change out some books before moving to work on a small project in a classroom Professor Flitwick has permitted me to use. Would you care to join me? I could use a second opinion on a potion that is part of it." She offered, placing both hands on her bag's strap as she waiting for a response, her sight set strictly on his neck rather than his face. "Only if you explain instantly why you do not look me in the eye." He drawled, moving to his feet a tad sluggishly, his limbs a bit stiff from having sat there so long on stone. He himself kept his eyes on her face, feeling a tad uneasy around her. "My eyes unsettle everyone but mio Papa , so I have learned to limit the amount by not looking anyone in the eye for long. If I do not, they can stare at something else and I do not feel as terrible about making them so." She shrugged, moving her eyes to his at last and keeping them there, a bit of an uncomfortable fidget to her stance now, rather than uncaring. "While they are strange, they do not truly unnerve me." He responded slowly, his face fighting between paling more and flushing in embarrassment. A real smile, how he knew they he wasn't certain, broke across her face and Hazel beamed up at him. "Wonderful! Well, let us be on our way, then, shall we?" Without waiting for a reply, she started back toward her own Common Room with the Eagle Knocker, just waiting with a new riddle for her. Severus followed along, not quite sure what to think of the rather eccentric Ravenclaw who seemed determined to spend time with him. He could think of no real reason for her to wish to do so, and it was very perplexing to the Slytherin. Catching up to her much shorter strides by the time she started knocking, Severus tried to find interest in anything else, rather than the riddle, but was unable to do so once he heard it. 'A murderer is condemned to death. He has to choose between three rooms. The first is full of raging Fiendfyre, the second is full of Dementors ready to give a Kiss, and the third is full of lions that haven't eaten in three years. Which room is safest for him?' Severus honestly had no clue which of the three rooms, yet Hazel smirked and cocked an eyebrow as she started speaking. "The room with the lions that haven't eaten in three years. After all that time, they'd have perished and would be little more than fur and bone lying about." She replied, still smirking at the door opened and he could see inside the Common Room. It really was lovely, he realized, as he followed her inside at her beckoning. Though he didn't more far from the entrance, seeing as many of her housemates turned and stared at him, making him shuffle a moment before straightening and staring right back at them. "I'll be only a moment, ignore them, they are just surprised I brought anyone into the nest." Hazel said, darting off to the girls dorm rooms to exchange books, at least they was what he believed her to be doing. In truth, he was a bit more concerned about some of the looks and the whispers going on about him as he stood there, waiting for the chit. Though he was intrigued by one of the males taking a bit louder than the rest to who Severus assumed was his mate. "You don't suppose Gray brought the Slytherin up here to have him go through our library, do you?" The redhead asked, looking Severus over as though he was going to steal secrets from them. Snape couldn't help but scoff at the very idea, he was not interested in their books, only this project the girl was working on, seeing as he only knew it involved a potion, something he was Outstanding at. Luckily he didn't have to suffer their ignorance any longer, as Hazel had finally reappeared and was walking toward him, a small, unsure smile on her olive toned face as she neared him. "Shall we?" She asked, moving to open the doorway for them both and waiting in the corridor for Severus, shifting back and forth on the balls of her feet as she tried to keep form asking him to hurry. She was all but vibrating, and the male couldn't help but feel himself getting more and more interested in this project she mentioned. Once they were both outside, and the Ravenclaw making the way down to the third floor corridor Severus started running ideas through his mind before she randomly spoke out, considering she had seemed content to just walk in silence. "I'm working on a side project for my O.W.L.s, I feel I'll need the extra to pass." It was said so randomly, the Slytherin almost feared he had imagined it, until he noticed her shoving a lock of dark hair behind her ear as she lead him to a rather thick door and whispering the password in a language that was not English or Latin. "Its just inside, only... Don't touch anything without asking what it is first, please." She was nervous, he could tell that fairly easily from her constant shifting of her weight. "I am not a dunderhead," he drawled, moving inside after her and looking around, one eyebrow raised. There were constructs lying about, and several medium sized jars with different coloured potions of a rather thick consistency, if he was to guess correctly. But what caught his black eyes the most was what appeared to have once been a construct of a bust, covered in varying shades of seemingly goop or running pumpkin juice that was