The warm summer sun beat down on the young girl's legs and she sat in the tall, swaying grass in her back yard. The child lazily picked at wild flowers that grew throughout her yard, making a colorful bouquet that she was planning to give to her beloved mother. The breeze played with her auburn locks, causing a few loose curls to escape from her braid and fall upon the side of her face, resting upon her young, round cheeks. The girl, seemingly six years of age tucked her rouge tresses behind her pointed ear, something that was strange in the world she resided in. that wasn't the only strange thing about the girl. In reality, she was twelve, yet she bore the face of one that is six. Her mother often told her that she was special, that all the other children would be so jealous of her, that it would be bad for them. That's why she seldom left her home, and when she did, she held onto her mother with all the strength in her small hands. The child looked up from her flowers, dark blue eyes wide and curious as someone called out her name from the other side of the yard. "Ilmare!" her step-brother of fourteen called, in his hand a football. His arm reached back, ready to throw it. "Catch!" Ilmare threw up her short arms, dropping her bundle of flowers into her lap, but alas, she was too small. The ball went spiraling over her head into the woods that bordered her back yard. She was unconcerned about not being able to catch the ball, her attention going to the pile of flowers on her lap, bottom lip jutting out. "Zach!" she whined. "You made me mess up my flowers! I was going to give those to mother!" Zach rolled his eyes at Ilmare, crossing his arms over his chest in a form a teenage rebellion. "You made me lose my ball! I threw it right at you." He motioned towards the thick woods behind the young girl to where his precious ball had been stolen from him. "You're gonna have to get it." Ilmare's eyebrows furrowed as she scrunched up her fair face. "Mother said I'm not supposed to go into the woods," she said in a small voice. Zach scoffed, rolling his dark brown eyes. "I go into the woods all the time!" he exclaimed, highly annoyed at his step sister. Their mother adored her, always getting her the nicest things and babying her, all because of the strange growing disorder she had. "You know," Zach said. "You're not special just because you have those dumb pointy ears and you age funny and mom gave you that stupid necklace." He sneered at the young girl. Ilmare's hand immediately reached towards the small charm upon her neck. She had it for as long as she could remember. Her mother said it was from where she used to live, that it was a gem of pure starlight. Ilmare loved that description, using it as often as she could. She looked at the clear, teardrop shaped stone in her palm, wrapped intractably with almost white silver. "You know what?" said Zach, using his last card. "I think you're scarred!" Ilmare's jaw dropped and she stood from the ground, the flowers falling back into the sea of grass. She crossed her arms over her chest and stomped her foot in dainty dismay. "I am not!" Zach motioned a hand towards the tree line. "Then prove it!" he smirked as her arms fell limply to the side as she eyed the woods nervously. Zach didn't care that he was only two years her senior. She still acted like a six year old. He blamed their mother for it. She coddled her. She loved her daughter more than she loved her husband. Even at a young age, Zach could see that she didn't love their father as he loved her. Though Zach would never admit it, he felt sad for his father because of this. Zach also wasn't very fond of Ilmare. She never paid attention to him until her teased her. When he first found out that he was to have a sibling, he was excited, but ever since he met the girl, she practically ignored him until he provoked her. She only ever paid attention to her mother. Ilmare blinked her big eyes a couple times. "Are you sure mother would be okay with this?" she squeaked. To hell with mother, Zach thought bitterly, but said; "I think she would want you to go," he tricked her. "You know, I hear that there is a castle in there." It was so easy to fool a six- well, technically twelve- year old. He watched as her eyes shone in happiness. She loved anything to do with princesses and he knew that, and used it to his advantage. "I guess it won't be too bad then." Ilmare said as she started walking towards the tree, a smile upon her small, pink lips. Zach watched satisfied as she disappeared into the shadows of the trees in pursuit of his ball. "And don't come back," he murmured to himself, meaning it with his whole being, waltzing happily back inside his home. … "Find the ball," Ilmare said to herself, her keen eyes scanning the forest floor. She hadn't ventured far in until she found it under a scraggily bush, void of anything green. She smirked happily to herself as she gathered the ball in her short arms. See, I am not afraid! She strolled happily along back to her brother, ready to prove that she could do anything he could, but only better. Ilmare thought she only traveled a short distance, but she figured she estimated wrong, for it seemed like a much longer walk back. After a couple of minutes of walking, she paused in thought. I must of taken a wrong path, she thought, retracing her steps, looking for the sad bush that had no leaves, only, even with her sharp eyes, she could not locate it. Ilmare's nose wrinkled in concentration, trying to recall other landmarks that she could remember, but none came to mind. She let out a small sigh, but continued walking, sure that she would eventually find her way home. The young girl only walked a few feet before her long hair was snagged in a sharp branch, causing her call out in slight pain. She dropped the ball and tried to coax her hair out of the tangle. After a few moments of her unskilled fingers fiddling with the branch, her hair was frees, but her braid fell out, her hair falling halfway down her back. She never really cut it. Her mother said that where she came from, a women's hair should be long. So Ilmare never wanted it an inch shorter than it had to be. The little girl reached down for the ball, only to find that it was gone. How strange , she thought. Perhaps I kicked it by mistake. She studied the ground a few moments longer before a large bug crawled over her foot. Ilmare let out a high pitch shriek and jumped back. I hate bugs! She felt her eyes stinging with tears, but Ilmare took a deep breath and calmed herself. What does Maria do when she is scared? She thought back to her favorite story of The Sound of Music. She sings! Ilmare took a couple of tentative steps before she began walking, singing quietly to herself. "Rain drops on roses and whiskers on kittens…" the young girl soon found herself grinning as she continued with the familiar tune. She began wandering, not really sure where she was, but it didn't matter! For her favorite things were there to comfort her. Ilmare giggled to herself as she danced through the woods, twirling around towering trees, her skirt fanning out around her. "And then I don't feel," Ilmare paused the grand finale as she saw what she stumbled upon. Through the gaps of the trees, she saw a clear pool with a beautiful bridge above it, flowers of every sort and kinds she had never seen before grew upon its banks. Ilmare's eyes grew in wonder as she found herself gravitating towards toward the garden. She skillfully slipped through the gaps in the trees until she stood on the edge of the water, watching small fish dart around close to the surface. Ilmare grinned excitedly and dropped to her knees, dipped a small hand into the water. She shivered slightly as her bare flesh came in contact with the cold liquid. The child repeated this process a few times before a voice she didn't recognize sounded behind her, causing Ilmare to jump. "Why are you in my Naneths' garden?" Ilmare's head whipped around, facing a young boy with almost white blond hair and bright blue eyes. He appeared to be the same age as Ilmare. The young girl thought for a moment, before a thought crossed her mind. "You speak Sindarin? My mother said that only certain people can speak it." Ilmare's mother had taught it to her from a young age, saying that it was important that she learned the culture of her people. She had never known anyone else to speak it. The boy looked at her curiously. "Everyone here can speak it." He said as though it were obvious. "But why are you here?" Ilmare shrugged her small shoulders. "I got lost and I somehow found this place, I think it's very beautiful." She said, casting a sweeping look at her surroundings. The boy nodded proudly. "My mother has the most beautiful garden in all of Greenwood." Ilmare nodded enthusiastically (Though not knowing what Greenwood was), looking at the boy again, this time, noticing his ears. Her small mouth formed an 'o' of surprise. "Your ears are like mine!" she exclaimed excitedly, brushing back her hair as to prove her point. The boy eyes Ilmare strangely. What an odd elfling. He thought. She seemed astonished by the most normal things. "How old are you?" Ilmare asked, standing up, crossing her arms behind her back. "Thirteen!" said the boy happily. Ilmare's grin grew wider if possible. "I am twelve. What is your name?" "Legolas," he said, giving a small smile to the young elleth. Elflings were rare, and Legolas was mightily happy to meet one his age. "And you are?" "Ilmare." The girl said, deciding very quickly that she liked this boy. She looked at him with hopeful eyes. "Will you be my friend?" The word friend was strange and exotic for her, never having a real one before, only her imaginary ones. Legolas nodded rapidly, happy to have met a friend his age. Everyone else in Greenwood was already of age. The boy pointed to the center of the garden. "Will you help me find my mother? We are playing hide and seek." Her dark blue eyes glittered. "Sounds like fun!" Legolas waved a hand towards the center of the garden, bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet. "Well, come on then!" The two kids ran side by side as fast as their short legs could carry them. Legolas was a tad bit faster than Ilmare, making the girl work a bit harder to keep pace with him. Legolas cupped a hand around his mouth and called out. "Naneth! Naneth, come out now!" At the young boy's voice, the most beautiful woman Ilmare had even seen stepped out from behind a thick trunk of a towering tree. Her hair was a few shades darker than Legolas', her skin flawless and fair. Her slim figure was garbed in flowing white robe, the sleeves hanging down almost to the ground. Ilmare watched her in wonder as she smiled at her son. "Legolas, you know that's not how you play the game," she scolded lightly, but with love in her eyes.