THE HUNGER GAMES: REVISED Disclaimer: All excerpts from the original The Hunger Games novel are not mine by any means. A/N: I don't believe in author's notes at the beginning of chapters, but I did want to let you guys know that although there will be some parallels to the book in this chapter, things are changed quite a bit. The plot will begin changing more as the story goes on. PART I: THE TRIBUTES CHAPTER 1 When I wake up, the other side of the bed is cold. My fingers stretch out, seeking Prim's warmth but finding only the rough canvas cover of the mattress. She must have had bad dreams and climbed in with our mother. Of course, she did. This is the day of the reaping. I prop myself up on one elbow. There's enough light in the bedroom to see her. My mother, laying on her side, a shallow indentation in the foam mattress by her chest where Prim must have been sleeping. But she's not there. In the corner of the room, my eyes find Prim. She's shaking, her arms wrapped around her knees. I slide out of bed and creep over to her, careful to make my footsteps light so as not to wake our mother. It's useless trouble, though. She's a heavy sleeper. "What's the matter, Prim?" I whisper to my little sister. Her wide blue eyes are frightened. "I'm scared." "Nightmare?" I ask. She nods, and I envelope her in my arms. She rests her chin on my arm. "I get them, too, you know. But they're not real." "They feel real," she whimpers. "I know. But they're not. Today's just like any other day, right?" I see her lip quiver, know she's about to cry. "Hey. Hey," I say gently. I tilt her chin up so her eyes are level with mine. "What's wrong?" Prim's eyes shine with fresh tears. "They picked me." "Oh . . . Prim," I murmur. I lift her to her feet and pull her head against my chest. "It's your first year, Prim. Your name's only been in there once." "So?" she asks, hiccuping between sobs. "So, they're not going to pick you," I reply. I kiss the top of her head, then take her hand in mine and lead her back to the bed we share. I help her lie down. Once she's settled, I pull the old, blue sheet up to her chin and give her another kiss, this time on her forehead. "Try and get some sleep. Okay?" "I can't," she says. "Just try," I say, and smooth back her hair away from her face. She closes her eyes and smiles a little. "I have to go. I'll be back soon." "Are you going to see Gale?" she asks. "Yeah. I'll be back in time to get ready." With that said, I head to the kitchen. Slinking around by the back door is the world's ugliest cat. Mashed-in nose, half of one ear missing, eyes the color of rotting squash. Prim named him Buttercup, insisting that his muddy yellow coat matched the bright flower. He hates me. Or at least distrusts me. Even though it was years ago, I think he still remembers how I tried to drown him in a bucket when Prim brought him home. Scrawny kitten, belly swollen with worms, crawling with fleas. The last thing I needed was another mouth to feed. But Prim begged so hard, cried even, I had to let him stay. It turned out okay. My mother got rid of the vermin and he's a born mouser. Even catches the occasional rat. Sometimes, when I clean a kill, I feed Buttercup the entrails. He has stopped hissing at me. Entrails. No hissing. This is the closest we will ever come to love. But as it stands, I have nothing to feed him now. And so the single hiss is directed at me, and I'm forced to take it without much complaint. Prim's probably not asleep yet; she'd hear if I did anything to her beloved pet. So I say "I'll still cook you" and leave without giving him another glance - but not eyeing the perfect little goat cheese wrapped in basil leaves that's sitting on our table. I pick it up. Prim's gift to me on reaping day. I put the cheese carefully in my pocket and slip outside. Our part of District 12, nicknamed the Seam, is usually crawling with coal miners heading out to the morning shift at this hour. Men and women with hunched shoulders, swollen knuckles, many who have long since stopped trying to scrub the coal dust from under their broken fingernails, the lines of their sunken faces. But today the black cinder streets are empty. Shutters on the squat gray houses are closed. The reaping isn't until two. May as well sleep in. If you can. Our house is almost at the edge of the Seam. I only have to pass a few gates to reach the scruffy field called the Meadow. Separating the Meadow from the woods, in fact enclosing all of District 12, is a high chain-link fence topped with barbed-wife loops. In theory, it's supposed to be electrified twenty-four hours a day as a deterrent to the predators that live in the woods - packs of wild dogs, lone cougars, bears - that used to threaten our streets. But since we're lucky to get two or three hours of electricity in the evenings, it's usually safe to touch. Even so, I always take a moment to listen carefully for the hum that means the fence is live. Right now, it's silent as a stone. Concealed by a clump of bushes, I flatten out on my belly and slide under a two-foot stretch that's been loose for years. There are several other weak spots in the fence, but this one is so close to home I almost always enter the woods here. As soon as I'm in the trees, I retrieve a bow and sheath of arrows from a hollow log. Electrified or not, the fence has been successful at keeping the flesh-eaters out if District 12. Inside the woods they roam freely, and there are added concerns like venomous snakes, rabid animals, and no real paths to follow. But there's also food if you know how to find it. My father knew and he taught me some before he was blown to bits in a mine explosion. There was nothing even to bury. I was eleven then. Five years later, I still wake up screaming for him to run. Even though trespassing in the woods is illegal and poaching carries the severest of penalties, more people would risk it if they had weapons. But most are not bold enough to venture out with just a knife. My bow is a rarity, crafted by my father along with a few others that I keep well hidden in the woods, carefully wrapped in waterproof covers. My father could have made good money selling them, but if the officials found out he would have been publicly executed for inciting a rebellion. Most of the Peacekeepers turn a blind eye to the few of us who hunt because they're as hungry for fresh meet as anybody is. In fact, they're among our best customers. But the idea that someone might be arming the Seam would never have been allowed. In the fall, a few brave souls sneak into the woods to harvest apples from the trees, but always in sight of the Meadow. Always close enough to run back to the safety of District 12 if trouble arises. "District Twelve. Where you can starve to death in safety," I mutter. Then I glance around quickly over both of my shoulders. Even in the woods, in the middle of nowhere, you worry someone might overhear you. When I was younger, I scared my mother to death, the things I would blurt out about District 12, about the people who rule our country, Panem, in the far-off city called the Capitol. Eventually I understood this would only lead us to more trouble, so I learned to hold my tongue and to turn my features into an indifferent mask so that no one could ever read my thoughts. I learned to do my work quietly in school. Make only polite small talk in the public market. Discuss little more than trades in the Hob, the black market where I make the majority if my money. Even at home, where I am less pleasant, I avoid discussing tricky topics like the reaping, or food shortages, or the Hunger Games. Prim might begin to repeat my words and then where would we be? In the woods waits the only person with whom I can be myself. Gale. I can feel the muscles in my face relaxing, my pulse quickening as I climb the hills to our place, a rocky ledge overlooking a valley. A thicket of berry bushes protects it from unwanted eyes. The sight of him waiting there brings on a smile. Gale says I never smile except in the woods. "Hey, Catnip," says Gale. My real name is Katniss, but when I first told him, I had barely whispered it, so he thought I'd said Catnip. Then when this crazy lynx started following me around the woods looking for handouts, it became his official nickname for me. I finally had to kill the lynx because he scared off game. I almost regretted it because he wasn't bad company, but I at least got a satisfactory price for his pelt. "Look what I shot," says Gale. He holds up a loaf of bread with an arrow stuck in it. "Look at you," I say, smiling. "You caught us breakfast." It's real bakery bread, not the flat, sense loaves we make from our grain rations. I take it in my hands, pull out the arrow, and hold the puncture in the crust to my nose, inhaling the fragrance that makes my mouth flood with saliva. Fine bread like this is for special occasions. "Mm, still warm," I say. He must have been at the bakery at the crack of dawn to trade for it. "It better be. Cost me a squirrel," says Gale. "I think the old guy was feeling sentimental this morning. He even wished me luck." "Well, we all feel a little closer today, don't we?" I say. I don't even bother to roll my eyes. Suddenly, I remember something. I pull the slab of cheese from my pocket and hold it out to Gale. "Prim left us a cheese." His expression brightens at the bread. "Thank you, Prim. We'll have a real feast. Oh, I almost forgot!" He falls into a Capitol accent as he mimics Effie Trinket, the maniacally upbeat woman who arrives once a year to read out the names at the reaping. "Happy Hunger Games!" He plucks two blackberries from the bushes around us. He pops one in his mouth and tosses the other one in a high arc toward me. I catch it in my mouth and break the delicate skin with my teeth. The sweet tartness explodes across my tongue. "And may the odds be ever in your favor," I say with equal verve. We have to joke about it because the alternative is to be scared out of your wits. Besides, the Capitol accent is so affected, almost anything sounds funny in it. I watch as Gale pulls out his knife and slices the bread. He could be my brother. Straight black hair and olive skin. We even have the same gray eyes. We're not related, though. Not closely, at least. Most of the families who work the mines resemble one another this way. That's why my mother and Prim, with their light hair and blue eyes, always look out of place here. They are. My mother's parents were part of the small merchant class