GUIDED BY THE SPIRITS Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter and have no intention of making any kind of profit from this story. Author Note: I usually don't write author note and waste time of my readers but since its first chapter, it is needed. 1. This is only my second story so there will be mistakes but let me assure you that my work is grammatically better than ninety percent fanfics posted here. If you don't like my story line then its just a personal opinion. 2. I have not read a story with similar concept anywhere on the web and believe that it is fresh piece. BETA REQUIRED : If you are interested in Beta testing this story then pls contact me. The only condition is that your knowledge on language should be solid, hopefully better than mine. Chapter-1: Meeting the spirit It was a cold winter night in England. However, a child living in Surrey would probably disagree with it. He was none other than the boy-who-lived, Harry Potter, the most famous wizard in Europe if not the whole world. Though what many in the wizarding world will find scandalous is the fact that the boy in question was neither aware of his parentage nor his fame. He was currently riding on high fever, his whole body was flushed and the small cupboard was stifled by the uncommon heat that the child was producing. It all started like this. Flashback… The day went by as usual, well usual for him that is. He was worked to the bone by his aunt; it was nothing new for the eight year old after years of doing chores for his relatives. What had been new was the verbal and physical beating that his uncle gave him after coming home. His only crime was that he had accidently spilled some water on the dining table while filling glasses for dinner. His uncle was in foul mode when he came from the office, something about not being promoted even after being such a hard worker. The young wizard, not that he knew, unfortunately gave him the perfect opportunity. He had already cleaned the small mess by the time Vernon came down for dinned but when he saw Petunia berating the unfortunate boy, he held nothing back and struck the boy across the face, hard. The Dursley man didn't even let the boy get up on his own before grabbing his hair and dragging him up. Vernon started smacking him roughly while bellowing curses in the boy's face. One…two…three…ten SLAPs ranged through the house like gunshot before Petunia was finally able to calm down her furious husband. Yet, it was too late by then. The boy was trying hard not to cry out in pain, knowing that it will only lead to more beating. His face was covered in heavy bruises and his lips split with blood coming out of the cut. During the beating, his glasses had broken, injuring him even more in the process. There was a deep gash on his right cheek where a piece of lens was lodged in the skin when Vernon slapped him. There was a lot of blood gushing out from the wound and the burning sensation throughout his face was making his eyes water. His eyes that once held innocence, curiosity, caution and a bit of pain were now filled with nothing but grief, doubt, anger, confusion but worst of all hate. Hate for himself for being so weak and hate towards his relatives for their unjust behavior. Hate towards his parents for being drunkard low-lifes and dying in a car-crash. Hate towards the neighbors and his teachers for not seeing the obvious abuse and making his life even more difficult. Hate towards Dudley and his friends for bullying him and making him feel so helpless. It was just too much and he was asking himself, was it all even worth it. Though, he was quick to focus on present when his Aunt started a heated conversation with his Uncle. "Vernon, what is wrong with you!? Do you want to be labeled as a murderer?" She screeched out. "You can't be serious Petunia! The little freak deserved it and why do you care for him all of a sudden?" Vernon bellowed. "Don't be stupid Vernon, I could care less if the freak lived or died! But I love you and my duddikins, Vernon. His kind will come swarming in if we dealt with the boy in any manner. They are definitely keeping an eye on us by one of their freakish ways." His aunt hissed out though Harry was only able to follow half the conversation due to the amount of pain he was in. His uncle's purple face paled rapidly. It looked liked his aunt hit a mark and whoever these people were, Vernon was deathly afraid of them. "Alright Petunia, I will let you deal with the little devil from now on. Though, if he tried to do any funny business, I will not be cowed by those freaking people and will beat the freakishness out of him!" Vernon warned but finally calmed down. "That is all I ask you sweetheart. Now go and take a seat dear. Dudley will be home anytime now. Meanwhile, I will deal with the freak." The earlier sweet tone was replaced by such venom that most people would have been shaken by it. She went in the bathroom and opened the closet. She took out a first aid box and once again entered the kichen. She threw the box at his feet and said distastefully, "Stop making mess on my floor and go to your cupboard. Don't dare to show your face around tonight boy, or the beating you will receive will make the one that you received just now look like a love tap. Now shoo…" Harry got up with some difficulty and started dragging himself towards the cupboard. He stumbled inside and closed the door behind. He switched the light on and tried to open the medical kit that he had taken from the kitchen floor, only to fail due to his shaking hands. He remained like this for the next couple of hours, his body unmoving while his mind continued to race. He was using all his self-control not to cry like he wanted to, he was feeling horrible inside, like there was no hope left for him. He was contemplating if he should even continue to live; it was not like anyone would miss him or anything. He would have continued with his morbid thoughts had the sound of someone opening his cupboard's door not drawn his attention. A plate of leftovers was handed by his unseen benefactor, although he could clearly see that it was his aunt by the bony hand. He quickly accepted the plate and the door was once again closed and locked. He waited another half-hour to make sure that everything was quiet. When he was sure that his relatives were asleep, he tore in his dinner with gusto. It was not much and his face hurt because of eating so fast but he couldn't help it, he was very hungry after being denied lunch that day. Once his dinner was over, he curled up and lay on his side. He tried to sleep but the day's events didn't let him sleep at all. He tried finding justification for his relatives' behavior towards him, he tried to believe that he really was a freak and that they were right in punishing him, but for some reason he just couldn't. He was just too mature not to know that what they were doing was wrong and not to mention criminal. He was not book smart and lacked knowledge on lot of things, mostly because of being confined in house while doing a number of chores for his aunt, but he was a good observer and learned things either from seeing them happen or doing them himself. This was not the first time that he had been beaten but this beating was the worst that he had ever received and that too for such a minor grievance. Unbidden the memories of the night once again appeared in his tortured mind, the earlier shaking that was slowly decreasing soon turned in full blown trembling. Soon the trembling gave way to occasional sniffles which became full blown tears in no time. It was heartbreaking to see a child of eight falling in despair with no one to hold him. He made minimal sound even while crying with practiced ease, a sad thing to say but Harry Potter was nothing if not cautious. He cried silently, he raged silently and then he screamed silently but nothing managed to lighten his heart. Soon he ran out of tears and started relaxing ever so slightly. The Potter wizard suddenly remembered the first aid box from earlier. He successfully opened it this time and started rummaging through it. He took out a paste for bruises, a solution to clean his wounds, some cotton and bandages; those were the only things that he knew how to use. He started by cleaning himself first, followed by applying the paste and solution. Finally he bandaged all his wounds to the best of his abilities. He was not sure if the cut to his right cheek will ever heal completely, he was used to having most of his injuries healed in a day or two but this time the cut was big and deep. Once done with his handiwork, he slumped down on his bed and completely relaxed for the first time in day. Not much later, his breathing evened out and he fell asleep. He didn't know, but today's events had unlocked something in him that people considered only a myth, even in the magical world. Present… Harry Potter didn't know why but he was all of a sudden feeling hot and uncomfortable. He was sweating something fierce but for the life of him couldn't wake up. It was a very strange and frightening experience in his relatively short life. He knew what was happening with his body but could do nothing but feel the fever burning through his system and struggle against the unseen force that seemed to have him here, wherever here was. A voice suddenly spoke through the darkness that was surrounding him. "Do not struggle child. I am not here to harm you." Harry stopped at once, he hesitantly asked, "Wh-Who is the-there?" " All will be answered soon young Potter, after all that is what I am here for." Now that Harry was actively focusing on voice, he could tell that it was feminine, yet powerful at the same time. He waited as asked but could not stop himself from trying to find the voice every once in a while. Though, all he saw was darkness, he tried to look down to see if he had any kind of body but to his growing shock, he found nothing there. Finally having enough he asked, "Are you still here, whoever you are." It was quiet for a moment before the voice returned and said , "I apologize for the delay young Potter. I was healing your wounds and it took more time than I anticipated." He was taken aback for a moment and was thinking that she was kidding him. 'Well I will play along for now. It is not like I can do anything about it,' he thought. Instead he replied back, "It is alright ma'am. You can call me Harry if you like." The voice was silent for a moment before replying , "Alright, Harry it is. Now, let me introduce myself. I am Angelos, a spirit that specializes in magic and other arcane arts. I am a soul that has ascended beyond human realm and has gained an understanding of life far greater than what a human can have." Harry stared blankly for