Hello again, long time no reading. Well, this is my version of the missing moments in the last chapter of Mockingjay. I know, there are so many oneshots out there about this, but well... I wanted my own version. By the way, there was no beata reader involved this time. I tried to get one. I asked about 5 people on and not one responded. I'm a bit angry about that. Anyway... l hope you still enjoy and it's not that bad. (And still looking for someone to beta this oneshot) Tanja I'm looking at Buttercup how he sinks his teeth into the beacon and gulps it down like he will never ever get something to eat again. When he is done, his tongue licks over his pink nose and he starts to clean himself up. I tear my eyes off him and on my plate. It's empty and it's ridiculous to stare at it, so I look up at Greasy Sae and Peeta. They talk about what's going on in town. How people clean everything up and start to rebuild. I saw them, gathering the ashes… the bones. "What are you thinking, Katniss," Peeta asks. I'm blinking. I didn't really listen to them and both look at me questioningly. His blue eyes hit me with full force. His forehead is in tiny wrinkles; he's waiting for my answer. "What did you say?" Greasy Sea's lip tightens. They are in a thin line, but just for a second and her features relax again. "I want to rebuild the bakery," Peeta says calmly. There lies confidence and hope in his voice. I envy him for it. "Well, that's good. We need a bakery around here," I say and feel a deep black nothing rising inside of me. But just for a second, then it's gone. I try to smile, it feels like a cramp, but Peeta smiles back. Once again I have a feeling he tries to safe me. Greasy Sae wants to clean the dishes, but Peeta stops her. "We can do that," he offers and takes the fork out of my hand. I didn't notice I had picked it up again. "Well, until later," she says and leaves. We are alone now. Peeta gathers the dishes and puts them into the sink. The water runs, the soap creates white foam. I'm sitting in my chair; I don't know what to do. I feel conscious. "You're helping me," he asks, tuning to me. "Yeah, sure," and I snap out of my thoughts. We stand side by side, close to the sink and Peeta hands me a plate. I feel the warmth of his body right next to me. Our elbows touch and I can sense that he lingers just for a second. It's just an occasional contact, but I savor the moment, as brief as it is. Our work doesn't take long. "What are you up to, today," I ask so suddenly that I have the feeling I shoot every word at him like an arrow. He hesitates for a moment. Then say's "I want to look at the bakery. Well, what's left of it, actually." One of Peeta's hands grabs the rim of the sink. His knuckles are white. His other hand runs through his hair and then relaxes. "I would like to accompany you. I need to go that direction anyway, when I want to hunt," I say and try a casual tone. Peeta looks at me and studies every inch of my face. He just knows that it's not my usual route into the woods. But the only words he says are "Sure, I would like that." Peeta is waiting for me until I get my fathers hunting jacket, bow and arrows. We step outside Victor's Village. My eyes are on the primroses in my garden, he planted. I sigh and for a short moment his hand is on my shoulder. Comforting me. But he takes it back, unsure. I would have liked it staying there. Now that he is back, I just realize how much I've missed him. Who would have thought, that I would ever think anything like that in association with Peeta Mellark. We walk silently. It isn't a long walk but the silence doubles the way, so is seems. Sometimes our fingers brush against each other. It's actually not necessary to walk that close, but no one takes a step back. It's early but the town is already bustling. People cleaning up, shovels dig into the ash and putting it in wheelbarrows. Bones get sorted out, carried with huge care to a cart and sit there, waiting to get buried in the meadow. I admire those people for their bravery, for their strength. When we come closer to the bakery, Peeta speeds up and suddenly comes to a stop where the threshold was supposed to be. His eyes take the scenery in. Everything is destroyed to the grounds. Even the oven is a melted clot of metal. The force of the bombing and the fire just gets to my mind. I don't know if I should turn away, giving him some privacy in this moment. I don't know if Peeta wants to be alone in his farewell to the past, and his family, and home. I look sideways up to him. His eyes glaze over and a single tear runs down his cheek. Am I allowed to see that? And suddenly I feel burning in my eyes, my vision gets blurred and I can feel how tears streak down my face, too. The noise around us gets banned from this situation and my fingers brush the back of Peetas hand. His hand moves cautiously, both the backs of our hands touch now and our fingertips link. It's a soft touch, but it gives us strength. "I want it to look the same," he says suddenly and keeps me from sinking too much into the feeling of grief. With a sudden move he rubs over his eyes with the hem of his sleeve and looks at me, handing me a white handkerchief. It's made of cotton and smells like cinnamon. I take it with my free hand, because I don't want to break the contact and dab my eyes and cheeks. Peetas warm fingers, linked with my own, force me to selfish thoughts. "You can do that," I say encouragingly "but today… just come with me." Peeta raises his eyebrows questioningly at me. "I can't accompany you, when you want to hunt." "Then I won't hunt today", I say a little bit too fiery, because Peeta winces. Yes, I'm a selfish person. I want Peeta near me as long as I can have him. When he says yes, I feel relieved; now I can get over it that our fingers don't touch anymore. I will have Peeta around me for several hours now. Slowly we cross the remains of the Seam, leave the remains of fence behind us and enter the woods. "You're here for the first time," I notice, but he shakes his head. I'm stunned. Peeta, the boy from the bakery had already set foot in the woods. "How…" I try, but Peeta only smiles. "It was on a dare, with my brothers." "You have never told me," a accuse him. "Well, I tell you now." I leave it at that and take him to the place where Gale and I once met. Like days before. I'm exhausted when I reach the rock and sink gratefully down. Today, it doesn't seem so huge with Peeta next to me. He fills that spot to my great expectations very well. We look at the woods, how it comes to live. Spring, recurring hope. Colors. "Will you paint again," I ask him after a long pause of silence and wish he would. "Probably," he answers and looks up to the sun. The rays get caught up in his lashes, the ones you almost never see. The memory comes back to me. The day I recognized them the first time. We worked on the plant book. We worked on memories of wisdom, to never forget useful knowledge. Memories are so precious. Especially when they leave a good feeling behind. I want to hold them, never get lost in those awful and hurtful memories. Eat up by nightmares and fear. And suddenly I know what I need to do. I need an assignment, a task, a purpose apart from hunting. Just this morning I envied Peeta, that he had found something to do. He wants to rebuild the bakery and what am I supposed to do? What is my purpose? I want a book full of memories, I want to keep all those precious moments in that book and never loose them. Not after what I have already lost. "You need to paint again," I tell him and look, what I believe, intently. I place my hand on his. "Please." Again there is this familiar feeling. I explain my idea with the book and he agrees. His hand wiggles out under mine and I sense how frustration slowly crawls up my back, but then he takes my hand firmly in his and I'm calm again. The way back is still exhausting, but this time it is not necessary to drive me home in a cart. Peeta is next to me and we manage it, like always. We didn't notice how much time had passed, when Greasy Sae meets us in front of my house. "Dinner time," she says and lets herself in, getting busy in the kitchen. Peeta hesitates, but I grab his hand and take him with me. While Sae prepares our dinner, she tells us some gossip. "And imagine, I saw Haymitch today with a flock of small geese behind him. I'm sure they were geese." Peeta and I look disbelievingly. "You sure?" "Yes." "The liquor must be empty," Peeta says and grins, like I haven't seen in ages. There is something coming up my throat, it's like a snort and I'm grinning, too. It's an uncommon feeling, but somehow nice. Dinner with Peeta is a good variation, though it's exhausting after all these months of loneliness. Buttercup shows up and claims his part. I feed him voluntarily and ruffle his fur. When Sae is gone, Peeta and I change to the living room on the sofa. I take the plant book out and we look at the pages. Talk about our new project and how we can get paper and paint. I want photographs, if possible. I want this book come to life and as honorably as possible, and I know Peeta will support me. It's late and I can't stifle my yawn again. Peeta gets off the sofa. "You are tired, Katniss. You need to sleep." I want him to stay. I want to tell him that he can't leave me. That he can make my nightmares go away. That I don't want to dream of the dead, that visit me so often in my dreams. But though we had this closeness today, I feel not at ease. "Yes." Is all I can finally say and I hope that my desperation, having him near me tonight, isn't written all over my face. Peeta takes my hand, holding it close to his lips. It's a delicate touch. "Good night", he whispers and goes. I feel a vivid tingle on my skin, where his lips touched. Minutes pass and it's still there. Peeta Mellark! Somewhere from a corner, Buttercup shows up. "Did you see that?" I ask him and point over to Peetas house. I'm in complete turmoil, because of a simple delicate kiss on the back of my hand from Peeta Mellark. Sleeping seems impossible now. Buttercup looks at me bored, turns around and climbs up the stairs. Guess he wants me to go to bed, too. But I can't, not now. I decide to take a shower, let the hot water do its