First Year Harry Potter was doing his best not to panic. He looked around him at the crowded train station, and told himself that he was smart enough to figure this out. He hadn't survived eleven years with the Dursley's by panicking at the slightest hiccup. He had to figure something out; and soon, he realised, glancing up at the large clocks all around him. Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him what to do, like tapping the brick in Diagon Alley. He strode towards the barrier between platforms nine and ten again, and considered his options. He could ask a guard, but he figured he'd likely seem mental and be escorted off the property. He could miss the train, and hope someone at school noticed, but then, he had no idea where he would go in the meantime. Hedwig hooted softly in her cage, and Harry turned toward her. Which meant he noticed three people striding toward him, wearing long black robes. Robes . He listened hard. "I don't see why we had to come this way, through all the filthy muggles. We could have flooed there and been in Hogsmeade in a snap," a tall blond man, wearing a very familiar sneer, was walking quickly toward Harry and speaking very loudly. "Lucius, dear," said the rail thin woman at his side. She was quite starkly beautiful, with hair so blond it was almost white, and a face that was both crystalline and bold. She sighed wearily. "Do shut up . Draco was hardly going to miss his first train ride with his peers. Think of the opportunities he'd miss, the connections." "I suppose," the man responded, looking down at a very familiar looking boy who hung onto his mother's arm cautiously. Harry startled. He realised a few things quite quickly and all at once; one, that this was clearly the boy he had unpleasantly met in the robe shop just a few days earlier. Two, those people he was walking with were clearly his family, and they were clearly as unpleasant as the boy himself. And three, that he was quickly going to have to get over himself and ask them for help, or else he'd have to resign himself to getting back to Little Whinging. He shuddered,then strode forward carefully, trying to square his shoulders and move quickly but without causing alarm. "Er…sorry to…interrupt. Only, I'm not sure…" The tall man looked down his nose at Harry, and he was immediately transported back to Madam Malkin's a few days before. Clearly, there was a familial reason for the pale boy's sneer. Oddly, though, the boy looked at Harry and broke into a hesitant smile. Clearly, he remembered their interaction slightly differently than Harry did. "I remember you. Where is your giant friend?" Harry wanted to hear malice behind the boy's words, but it seemed to be missing, and he really did need help. "He...he had to get back to Hogwarts, and now I don't know exactly how I'm supposed to get on the train. I'm Harry, by the way. Harry Potter." The entire family before him did a very muted, dignified, but very clear, double-take. It was like all three of them simultaneously realised that they were going to have to help this messy, shaggy haired boy. "Goodness, I didn't realise when I met you before." "Met him before ," the tall man sneered. "Draco, dear boy , you were remiss in not introducing yourself once before, let's correct this now." There was such a chill in the tone of this man's voice that Harry nearly physically shuddered. He questioned his reaction to the pale boy from before; it was nothing compared to this man, who was most certainly his father, and he felt a tiny pulse of sympathy. After all, he knew what it was like to be related to slightly crappy people. The boy straightened perceptibly, and stuck out his hand. "Apologies, Mr. Potter. I am Draco Malfoy," he said, as though this should mean something significant to Harry. "These are my parents, Lucius and Narcissa. It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance." "Um, good to meet you." "You may of course join us, Mr. Potter, as we go to the train. Simply watch, my husband will go first," said Narcissa Malfoy, smiling in a way that might have once been warm, but that now appeared limp and not quite real. Plastic. Harry nodded lightly, and Mr. Malfoy lifted one eyebrow at him, before swishing his robes around him and striding forcefully at the barrier. Harry watched with shocked confusion, but all the blond hair and swishing robes of the man in front of him instantly disappeared behind the boundary. "Draco, you next. Mr. Potter shall follow you. Take your trolley," Mrs. Lucius said calmly. Draco strode forward into the barrier too, and disappeared. "Now you, Mr.-" "It's Harry," he interrupted. "Er, thanks." He pushed his trolley into the wall, bracing himself and trying not to run so he didn't look foolish. Something about these Malfoy people seemed to regal, so refined, that he felt large, and clumsy, and ridiculous in front of them. They only increased his sense of unease, and his mind kept replaying the conversation in the robe shop. They shouldn't let the other sort in…not brought up to know our ways . Malfoy may not know it, but he already hated Harry. He'd said so himself. He was both shocked and not at all surprised when he came through the boundary, followed closely by Narcissa Malfoy, and found himself on a large, crowded platform, a giant steam engine puffing into the air in front of them. He felt himself take a sharp breath, largely against his will. "Pretty cool, eh?" Draco said sheepishly. "Yeah," Harry replied, guarding himself for the next uncomfortable conversation. Draco frowned at him. "Er, thanks." Harry started to walk toward the train, looking through the windows and trying to find an empty compartment. The train was very busy. He felt, rather than saw, that Malfoy followed behind him. He heard Lucius call after his son, 'remember what I said, Draco.' Draco did not reply. Finally, Harry found a compartment with no other students in it, and hoisted his trunk into it, going back for Hedwig and finding Draco staring up at the empty compartment longingly "Train's really full," he whispered. Harry sighed, "it's fine." "Really?" "Whatever." Draco shrugged and dragged his own, very dignified trunk up the stairs behind Harry. He sat across from Harry silently, not looking at him. He didn't say a word as the train's whistle blew, as they started to move forward. Harry squirmed for a moment, trying not to open his mouth and get himself into trouble, but eventually, his anger got the better of him. "You know, you were wrong. I don't think that there should be a type of person they let into Hogwarts." "What. I-Potter, what-" "In the robe shop. You said. I just thought you should know that I don't agree. I didn't grow up with…I grew up with, um, Muggles. And I had never heard about Hogwarts. And I didn't…grow up to know your 'ways'. And I don't know exactly what you meant , but people keep telling me I'm pretty famous, and your dad seemed pretty impressed to meet me, and I just thought you should know that I'm that sort of person that you didn't want to go to school with." Draco stared at Harry, mouth hanging open, and said nothing. He said nothing for so long that Harry stopped looking at him, and turned instead to watch the beginnings of London pass him by swiftly in the window. He decided he would just sit here, in silence. He was sure that he didn't need this sort of friend. The one who made sort of mean, definitely callous comments to random strangers, and then didn't remember them. Suddenly, Draco cleared his throat. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "I…I didn't mean to…I'm just sorry. Mother says that I speak without thinking so often that I should just put my brain into storage." "Well," Harry began. But he smiled suddenly. No one had ever apologised to him before. It was an odd feeling. He thought for a second. "Hey, what did your father mean, when he said remember what he said?" Draco sighed so heavily, and so much older than he was, that Harry's head snapped back from the window to look at him. A dark expression had settled across Draco's face. "My father ," Draco sneered. "Believes it would be prudent if I were to remain cordial with you, in the interest of making the right kind of friends at Hogwarts." There was so much contempt in his voice that Harry immediately snickered. Which seemed to confuse Draco slightly, who looked up, and smiled cautiously back at him. He clearly hadn't meant to be funny, but soon, they were both giggling slightly. "I mean, I can be 'cordial' too, but I think it'd be better if we both started making some friends, don't you? I'm going to need all the help I can get. I didn't even know what Quidditch was!" This made Draco laugh even more, and soon, they were both manically laughing until Harry couldn't breathe. "The thought…" Draco choked out. "Of the Boy Who Lived…not knowing Quidditch…Oh my god, my sides hurt." At that very moment, there was a gentle knock at the glass compartment door. A scraggly, red-headed boy poked his head inside. His nose was covered in what appeared to be soot, and the collar of his jumper was all off kilter. "Mind if I sit here? Everywhere else is full?" Draco sobered immediately, his sneer back on his face with lightening like speed. Harry looked at him oddly. It was very confusing, seeing these different masks of a person he barely knew. It was like Malfoy was very well trained to see through a very specific lens. "Well, if you aren't a Weasley , I'll eat my robes," he scoffed. Harry interjected, "Of course you can sit here, can't he, Draco?" He gave Draco a pointed glare. Who glared right back, but nodded at the boy, who immediately settled down beside Harry. "Ron Weasley," he said, sticking his hand out toward Draco, who shook it, a bit reluctantly, introducing himself. Ron turned to Harry. Harry shook his hand enthusiastically, trying to make up for Draco's continued rudeness. If they were going to be friends, which was Harry's plan, he was going to have to get less…snarky. For some reason, Harry knew that this strange, pointy, pale kid needed a solid friend. Much like he did himself. Maybe that was it. He sensed a shared need to just feel safe and necessary . "Harry Potter," he said, a little belatedly. "Blimey! Are you really?" "er, yeah." "Sorry. You must here that a lot. I…scar?" "Um, yes?" Harry said, lifting his bangs "Witty. Scar ," Draco laughed, mimicking Ron. Ron looked at him, glared for a second, but then burst out laughing. Try as he might to continue to look lofty and mighty, distant and cold, Harry watched as Draco bit back a smile, and then a laugh, small at first and building slowly. Since he and Harry had just been laughing, it didn't take long before all three of them were laughing again. Crazy, eleven year old laughing, where nothing made any sense and nothing was truly that funny. They laughed for five minutes, ten. Every time they would stop, something would happen that would make them laugh again. The lady arrived with the trolley of wizarding, and Harry discovered the wonders of chocolate frogs, every flavoured beans, pumpkin juice. He and Draco both had gold, they shared readily with Ron, surprising him slightly (and Harry too, Draco didn't seem the gold sharing type, really). Draco and Ron had a ridiculous, ten minute back and forth about the merits of all