A/N: This is a silly bit of fluff. There may be canon in here somewhere, but if you find it, please believe me when I tell you it was unintentionally done. It's not that it's actually an AU, it's just that I forgot to follow canon timelines. Like, at all...forgive me :) Moony, Don't Be Mad: or The Five Monumental Screwups of Sirius Black Sirius felt the weight of what he had just said collide into the side of his head like a physical lurch. He isn't exactly surprised, since fuck ups and missteps were all a part of his story. At this point, you don't even need to backtrack or rewind or summarize to get caught up. You really only need to know this; Sirius Black screws up a lot. Almost abnormally frequently, in fact. And, an obscene number of those times had been Monumentally Disastrous. He wasn't sure why, but he also wasn't sure how to stop. You may also need to know that Remus Lupin was very often the reason that Sirius Black screwed up. It had been happening for what felt like time immemorial, and frankly, he didn't know how Moony always managed to forget until they were here . Here, waiting in standoff formation, waiting for the other to crack. Waiting for the other person to break or blanch or back away. "Why do you think you have a right to tell me not to go?" Moony was saying, angrier than Sirius had heard him in a long, long time. "Moony," Sirius was responding, exhausted. "Moony, don't be mad." "I'm always mad at you, Sirius," he flung back, arms thrown up in exasperation. "Believe me," Sirius said. "I know. Since second year. I remember. " First: Dart The first one, Sirius forever maintained, had not actually been his fault. That one, way back in second year, had been entirely James' doing. At twelve, with a mad desperation to both be considered older and yet remain children, Sirius and James had thrown themselves into second year with all the fervour of mischievous Purebloods. They were a holy terror, but with an infuriating ability to be awful within the boundaries of the rules. That way, they were never actually punished, but also somehow managed to keep Gryffindor firmly at the bottom of the house point rankings. At twelve, going on fifty, Remus Lupin was nothing like that at all. He had a much better knowledge of what a hard life looked like, from experiences that had nothing to do with being a werewolf, and everything to do with a complete lack of privilege. He was quiet and studious, remaining well within the boundaries. Sirius had barely noticed him up to that point, in all honesty. One day, in early September, he and James had stolen brooms from the closet near the pitch. It wasn't actually hard, since the thing was only locked when Coach Denbright remembered, but they hadn't known that yet, so it felt exhilarating and illicit. They flew them low to the ground by the North tower, avoiding the windows of the professors who would stop them, and skirting dangerously close to the edge of the forest they were Not to Enter. At first, they had been very noisy, high-fiving, laughing and shrieking. But as often happened when the two friends were together and happy, they quickly fell into an awed and blissful silence of joyful flying. James had heard it first, over the wind, apparently, though Sirius would forever believe that that wasn't possible. The tiny mew was very obvious once James had forced them to land, and he ran straight into the first thicket of trees leaving Sirius to decide whether he would follow. Though, of course, Sirius didn't actually pause either. They found it trapped, crying despairingly, with its tail stuck in a thicket of vines. James moved it carefully and it curled into his arms immediately. Sirius knew that this didn't end well, but James looked at him so earnestly that he just shook his head and walked with James back to the castle. "Is that a kitten?" were the first words Sirius would remember Remus speaking to him. They likely weren't the actual first words, since they'd been in classes together for an entire year, but those were what he would hold up, years from now, as the first. Sirius looked up at the small, sandy haired boy, the one with the bizarre and intriguing scars, and the near-silent presence in the common room. He'd heard the stories of this boy, though he suspected none of them were completely true. Sirius knew rough home life, knew tough beginnings. He knew the stories got fluffed up and expounded, and were rarely as exciting as they were made to seem. Still, when Sirius met the boy's eyes for the first time, there was something challenging and strong and open in them. Something you wouldn't have expected from such a shy and tiny child. Even at only twelve, the spark immediately intrigued Sirius; there was mischief in that face. And, as it was Sirius Black's sole mission in life to foster and protect all instances of mischief, he felt immediately that Remus Lupin belonged to them. Sirius looked back down at the rug where the mewing had not stopped. "No," he replied pointlessly. If nothing else, it was completely obvious that the tiny gray ball of fuzz on the floor was indeed a kitten. "Sirius," said James in exasperation. "We are allowed to have cats. It's not going to be a problem." "It is not a kitten," Sirius said again, "Because we are not Pet People and we are not keeping it. Final story." The kitten let out a particularly loud mewl, one that could almost have been a meow, and curled into a ball immediately against Sirius, who sighed and wrapped the bandages a little more carefully around the pathetically tiny tail. "Well," said the new addition to their kitten watching session, "I feel like you keeping it doesn't actually define it's kitten-ness. Think it might be a kitten regardless." James snorted in laughter and Sirius felt annoyance and jealousy hit him in the chest at once. Few people made James laugh who weren't him. James had a very odd sense of humour. Yet, here was this new boy, the one with the interesting scars, making his best friend laugh. The jealousy made him pause. Weird , he thought. Jealous. Not good. He looked back up at the new boy. "I'm sorry, but…" Sirius said, in a harsh Black tone and with hostility he did not actually feel, "Who are you, even?" "Lupin. Er, Remus," that hint of timid challenge was still there, but he didn't seem uncomfortable or afraid, even if he didn't really look at Sirius. "Do you need help taking care of it?" Remus said to James. "You want to help?" James replied. Remus shrugged, "Not particularly. Don't like cats very much. But I've never had a pet." There wasn't even a hint of teasing in his voice; such sincerity and honesty was foreign to Sirius, and he didn't know what to do with it. James smiled back at Remus. Then he looked at Sirius for a moment. "Sirius doesn't like cats either," he said wryly to Remus, pointing to where Sirius' hand was deftly stroking the kitten's loudly purring head. "Okay, Remus Lupin. You're on. I'm going to need help. Sirius can't even care for a cactus. Do you know if it's hurt?" Remus considered the kitten carefully for a moment. "Dunno. Could take him to Professor McGonagall to check?" And so, they had all adopted a cat. For almost a month, the cat didn't have a name. Because, despite fervently asserting that the cat was not his, Sirius also rejected every suggestion given on what to christen the tiny fuzzball. Finally, one evening, as they watched the kitten and half-heartedly did homework in the common room, Remus looked up so suddenly that he drew their attention. "What about D'Artagnan?" he said. James and Sirius looked at each other. Then at Remus. "You know," he continued, embarrassed now, "The fourth musketeer?" "That's a very pretentious name for a cat," James said, lying back down and moving on. "Um, yeah," Remus said haltingly. "I know, but...we could call him Dart for short?" In the heavy silence that followed, Remus may have been thinking about what a fool he looked like, for implicitly implying that they were the musketeers, that he belonged with these two. Considering they were barely friends. He felt his face go red, angry at himself for screwing up even a proximity of having friends, yet again. But suddenly, Sirius laughed. "Dart! I love it. Good job, Lupin." "Wait, seriously?" James said, sitting back up again. Sirius agreeing was two out of three, the sacred majority required for twelve year old decisions. "Have we just named a cat using nineteenth century French literature?" "Well, yes, but also his name is Dart ," Sirius tried to explain. "Look at him! It's perfect!" Sure enough, the cat was currently jumping in short unsure patterns, flying uncertainly all over the hearth rug, as though trying to prove how well suited he was to his new name. Sirius suddenly became very protective of the cat. It was overnight, like he'd been unable to feel affection for the nameless furball, but was solely responsible for it now that he'd named it. Of course, it could also have been because the cat was very much endearing. He was lazy and yet hysterically attention-grabbing, and soon, the whole Gryffindor house was in love with their new common room mascot. Dart was shameless when seeking attention, willing to curl into the lap of anyone who would stroke his chin, but even the overly possessive Sirius Black couldn't seem to fault anyone for scritching the gray fuzz behind his ears or giving him treats. The kitten was just too cute. Through the next few months, Sirius spent a suspicious amount of time actually doing his homework, and there was no doubt that it was at least partially because Dart was in the common room and waiting when they got back from classes. And sitting around doing nothing got pretty boring after a while. Well, and because Remus always had his books out and it just seemed less dorky to study when they were all studying. He liked their new friend quite a lot, if he was honest. Remus immediately made himself the arbiter of all disagreements, either because it was the open role between James and Sirius, or because it was just his personality. When Remus was on your side, you won the battle. When Remus chose neither side, you knew the battle was probably a bit dumb. He arrived halfway through the year with Peter, a small and slightly watery boy who was rather innocuous, and not overly brilliant. Remus announced that Peter was going to study with them, and received no objections. James didn't really care, and Sirius had given up disagreeing with Remus' decisions. The four of them were an odd collection, and Sirius found he rather liked it. And if Remus became off and distant once in awhile, what of it? Everyone had their shit. Hell, Sirius had more shit than most, so who was he to judge Remus for his anger once in awhile? He didn't question it. It had been during one of these moments of the Remus Lupin brand distance that Sirius had really screwed up for the first time. The first time around Remus, anyway. It was a few weeks to Christmas, and he was tired. Tired of studying. Tired of fighting with James about Christmas and where he was spending it (home, for the record, because he knew it would annoy his mother more of he showed up at the house expecting family dinners and presents). Tired because he kept having a strange dream where he ran