And We Are Revellers A/N: I wrote myself a birthday triad, because my friend Kim (who won't let me link her pseud and who refuses to write despite my best efforts) sent me a prompt and said "Happy birthday, write the f-ing triad already". How can you refuse aggressive prompts of love? Prompt: "You realise this passive aggressive birthday gift war is getting ridiculous, right?" "Shut up and help me wrap this giant stuffed panda." I am calling this ship Drevillary. Hence the title. You know you want it. Fair warning, this is as close as I have ever come to writing PWP… don't expect anything else. Established relationship, with warnings for rimming and spit roasting, and the non-kinky inclusion of a very large toy panda. Ermmmmm….. Ante "Malfoy?" Harry called, faced with an empty office. He sighed; he just wanted to get home. Served him right for trying to be nice at the end of a long shift. Malfoy was supposed to be here still, and coming all the way down to find him gone was rather irritating. He called again. On the third attempt, a frustrated shout that was undoubtedly Malfoy called back. Harry followed the disembodied voice through to the conference room behind the office. "Hey, Malfoy. I just wanted to-" Harry froze, faced with a giant black and white stuffed face. "What the hell are you doing?" "What does it look like I'm doing?" Malfoy growled, wrestling a very large bag around the bottom half of the… stuffed thing. "Whatever," Harry said, too tired to actually care. "I just wanted to let you know that the stupid special paper you needed has arrived. Alpharez left it on the table in the curse breakers meeting room. He labelled it 'MALFOY WILL MURDER YOU IF YOU TOUCH THIS', so it's probably safe for an hour or so." "Perfect. Thanks, Potter," Malfoy replied, tone pleasant and nonchalant. As though there was nothing strange about the situation. He immediately went back to trying to wrestle the toy into the bag. "Alright, I have to say it," Harry said, scrubbing his face and already regretting his words. "You do realise that this stupid passive aggressive birthday present war thing is getting a bit old, right?" "Shut up," Draco said automatically, looking up right after apologetically. "Can you help me wrap this thing?" "What is this thing?" Harry asked, exasperated. "A panda." "A panda?" Harry quipped sardonically. "A rather large panda?" Draco amended. "It's bigger than you," Harry smirked. "And you're trying to put it into a bag ." The blonde blew hair out of his face and huffed. "I transfigured it. The bag. Not the panda," he said, pointing rather unnecessarily. He frowned. "In fact," he scoffed. "This panda was for sale in a regular Muggle establishment. Why, I cannot fathom. They had other animals too. As though anyone in the world needs a life-sized stuffed toy." "Well," Harry said, grabbing a foot and shoving it into the bag. "It begs the question, why did you buy it." "You know why." "Which brings me back to my original point," Harry pointed out. "What did he get you this year?" "A fucking constellation , " Draco fumed. "Um," Harry said, not sure how to answer. "What?" "He bought me a constellation, " Draco said again in exactly the same tone. When Harry just stared at him, he sighed and explained, "You know those muggle services where you pay to send away for a star adoption kit and then you get to name the star? And then you like, own it, or something?" "Er…" Harry said, confused still. "No?" "Yeah, well I didn't know either. Until he bought me one." Draco's eyes were wide. "And it's worse than that. He bought me a constellation and he named it. He named it Draco Minima ... Little Dragon." Harry stared a moment, processing, before he shook his head. "That's…" "Really fucking adorable," Malfoy ground out. "Yeah, I know. Don't get me started." "And how exactly is the giant panda a retaliation?" "This has been going on for five years," Draco said in frustration. "The whole point of it is, he buys me something stupid and pointless and passive aggressive. And then I do the same. It only works if the things are silly." "I hate to play devil's advocate here, but I think he probably thought that it was silly. It's sort of stupid and Muggle, and you hate shit like that." Harry said matter-of-factly. "Well, yes , except-" "Except he forgot you are also a giant sap," Harry finished for him. "And you loved the star thing." "Well," Malfoy said, pausing and staring at the half panda that still stuck out of the giant bag. "Yes." Both men stared at the giant panda for a moment, not speaking. Finally, Harry cleared his throat. He continued to try and shove the thing into the bag, but whenever they got one leg or part of the body inside, the other side would pop back out. Harry was becoming quite disturbed by the beady plastic eyes and the wide stitched smile. When the arm he had just contained popped out and smacked him in the face, Harry raised his hands in defeat and backed away. Malfoy let out a rush of air and put his head in his hands. "Five years?" Harry said quietly. "Has it really been that long? Since-" "Since I accidentally slept with Neville Longbottom? Why yes," Malfoy responded, laughing to himself. "How time flies, hm?" They stared at the half-panda some more. The thing really was awful. "You know you have to buy him a proper gift, right?" Harry said finally. "Yeah," Malfoy sighed. "I know." Harry laughed and clapped Malfoy on the shoulder. He would never really get used to this, he figured. Being friends with him. It was true, though, even if he usually did still revert to 'Malfoy' most of the time, especially in the office. It was hard not to when that was what everyone called him. Still, they were probably friends; they went to the same parties, worked together, played pub quiz together once a month. The malice was gone now, though. 'Malfoy' was mostly just a nickname, and he mostly called Harry 'Potter', so they were on even ground. The Neville/Malfoy thing had been weird and awful and incomprehensible at first. They'd all been confused, angry even. Then, when it didn't go away after six months, and when Neville stopped entertaining derision about his now well-established relationship, the comments had mostly stopped. Ron, who was angrier than most, had taken a bit longer to let the past go. Hermione took the longest, having been the centre of more Malfoy-ness than the rest of them. Harry shook his head at the reality of five years of birthdays, five years of presents. Five years of blurring house lines, and history, and not being foolish children any longer. It felt very odd. He dragged himself out of his tired nostalgia and found Malfoy staring, unabashed. Malfoy looked at him sidelong for a moment longer, crossing his arms and considering. "What?" Harry said nervously. Malfoy just shrugged. Finally, he dropped his arms. "Hey, Potter," he said. "You still dating that weird witch on fourth?" Harry snorted. "Yeah, no. And it'd be nice if we could just forget about that." Malfoy took a step back, circled Harry for a second, surveying him. "You're quite fit, you know," he said, as though it was a throwaway statement requiring no other explanation. "Is this the part of the day where, unbidden, you tell me you don't understand why I can't keep a good witch or wizard around?" Harry said, glaring a little. "Because I assure you, Molly and Hermione have you covered on that one." "No, no," Malfoy said, eyeing him again. Harry squirmed. He was getting a little uncomfortable. He looked back at the panda, but still felt Malfoy's eyes on him. "It's just…" Malfoy hesitated. "There is this one thing that Neville asked for. Ages ago. It'd be a proper present." "Brilliant," Harry said, trying not to let his discomfort into his voice. "Do you need help getting rid of that thing then? Or getting this other gift? I have some time tonight." Something about that made Draco chuckle. He waved his wand, drawn from his sleeve, and the panda vanished. Harry figured he'd been laughing at his decision to not use magic for the panda problem. "Yeah, Harry," Malfoy said, still chuckling. "I think I'm definitely going to need your help getting it." Harry grimaced. That did not sound good. He should have just sent a memo down about the fucking paper. He never remembered that Malfoy was a Slytherin until it was way too bloody late. Inter Harry was freezing. He'd not accounted for that in his planning and his scheming and his nearly backing out ten times. He'd not thought about physical realities and comfort in the before , and he wished he was wearing a jumper instead of his t-shirt. Figures Malfoy's apartment would be way too cold, the aircon churning away even though it was barely above twenty outside. He shivered again, and considered leaving again, just as the door opened forcefully. "Draco Abraxas, you bloody great, fucking tweedle-nosed, parsnip of a lollygagging git, did you fucking forget- Oh. Um," Neville said, jolting as he saw Harry sitting on the couch. "Uh, hiya Harry?" "Hiya, Neville. That was… rather a lot of swearing," Harry said, grinning. "Oh my god," Neville said, not explaining his language. "Has something happened? Where is he? What's wrong?" Harry realised the flaw in Draco's plan only as Neville spoke, and he shook his head violently to try and dissuade the line of thought. An Auror, unexpectedly in your living room, when you were looking for someone who had not turned up for a scheduled meeting, was probably a bit terrifying. "No, no, Neville. It's fine. He's here," Harry said in a rush. Neville physically deflated, and he sighed. "So he did just forget. That—" "No, he didn't. He just wanted… he wanted to give you his gift here," Harry said, inhaling a deep breath. He looked at adult Neville Longbottom objectively for the first time ever, and found that he was more pleased than he thought he was going to be with what he had considered. When he had finally replied to Malfoy with an owl that simply said 'yes', the only unknown had been this, if he found Neville attractive. He didn't think it would have mattered all that much, but it certainly didn't hurt. They had all changed rather a lot in the eight years since leaving school. Running into the new millennium had been thrilling, and the normally conservative magical community had overreacted a tad; a group of people who still wore robes and used quills were not exactly ready to deal with Muggles who had phones in their pockets and connection to each other within their own homes. Fashion had gone a little haywire for a time, with robes being cut in obscene patterns and styles, and a sudden trend of wearing bright Muggle trousers underneath. Things had calmed down over the next five years, and in public, most wizards now managed to wear Muggle clothes without looking like they were in fancy dress. Harry himself was sporting a scruffy beard born out of laziness, and hair that was unnecessarily long. Neville had chosen the slightly spiked rough look, gelled up right now. His Muggle trousers were conservative, form fit, and pretty wonderful. He had defined lines everywhere Harry's eyes landed, days of hard work in the sun having erased what little baby-faced pudge had remained after the war. He had a definite air of 'Malfoy dresses me', but it suited Harry just fine. He gulped, realising he'd been staring for longer than was necessary, Neville's reproachful look floundering for a moment when Harry met his gaze. He