A/N For pierrej92, who is simply the loveliest, especially for putting up with my excessive overuse of emojis and constant whining. Happy boys, just for you 3 I have no idea why these Wolfstar fluff fests keep happening. I'd blame summer, but I suspect it's actually somehow Remus Lupin's fault. I'd also promise this was the last time but we all know that would be a lie. This started as a drabble, but then I looked up and it was 4k. Oops O_O You've Grown Up a Little, You Haven't Really Changed Seize the night, let shadows run wild in your mind Seize the night, and do your best to lose track of time Seize the night, and the path won't feel so long. – Will Varley. The rain pounded steadily against the window, and Remus tunnelled deeper into the sofa, pulling his knees up to his chest so he could rest his book on them. A portrait of a young Moony, he thought wryly. Truthfully, the contentment of the moment was a strange and perfect feeling, and he was almost holding his breath, waiting for the bubble to burst. It had been close to a year since they had all ended up in the flat, and it still looked like four teenage boys lived here, with its combination of stolen and scavenged furniture, no real decorations to speak of, with the exception of the random bits of Lily that had popped up when no one was looking; the illusion that she wasn't living here full-time was steadily slipping. Thanks to her, there was a tablecloth on the kitchen table, paintings hung on the faded beige walls, and a candle in the bathroom that smelled sort of nice. Remus didn't mind, but he was starting to think that Lily should probably just move in for real. It made him feel better, when he knew where everyone was. They were all here now, for example, on this dismal February afternoon, and it felt right. For once, no one was running off to work or to a meeting, no one had a sports practice or errands to run. Slovenly attitudes had set in as the morning's drizzle turned into early afternoon downpour, and except to refill a bowl of crisps, no one had moved in almost an hour. Peter was in the corner, nestled between two crates of records he'd picked up at some Muggle boot sale, looking extremely pleased with himself. He was pulling them out one by one, examining the vinyl, then sorting them by his ridiculously complicated system onto the shelf behind him. He was giving off a very Wormtail-esque sense of contentment, so no one was disturbing him. Lily was perched on the floor with the watercolour palette she'd found in her parent's attic, and a small, serene smile had settled across her face as she painted a nondescript, pastel filled, nature scene. James was sprawled on the floor beside her, not actually doing much of anything; occasionally throwing a tennis ball in the air, laughing at Sirius, looking lovingly at Lily. Nothing useful, but nothing disruptive either. Sirius, as usual, was causing the only source of commotion in the flat. After having spent nearly an entire hour quietly sprawled across Remus' lap with a book in his hands, allowing Remus to run his fingers through wayward strands of hair, Sirius had suddenly declared dreadful boredom. He had leapt up dramatically, making them all flinch. Lily had not-so-subtly suggested he could use his restlessness to actually unpack his Hogwarts chest. Well, she may have actually said, 'Sirius Black, if you are so bloody bored, why don't you empty that godforsaken Black family heirloom that you've so cleverly disguised as a coffee table for the past year'. Regardless, Remus was now alone on the couch and the chest had been flung open in the middle of the room. Objects from their collective pasts were now flung around haphazardly, and every once in awhile, Sirius managed to stop scowling long enough to burst into laughter at some object pulled from the depths of the terror that was the chest. The Terror was Lily's nickname for the thing, but secretly everyone agreed. Lily hated it because she regularly walked into its metal edges, setting off the ridiculous anti-theft charm, which screamed obscenities at her and called her all sorts of foul names. James hated it because he had never actually managed to break into it while in school, a fact that would likely make him bitter until the end of time. Peter claimed to have no special feelings toward the chest, but everyone noticed his refusal to look at the skull in the crest embossed on the side, which he swore had once winked at him. Remus hated the chest for an entirely different, entirely selfish reason; it represented everything they had all escaped, everything they were fighting against. He had never mentioned this to Sirius, because he knew that Sirius didn't really view the horrible iron chest as anything but an old trunk he'd taken from his house to hold his school things. It was a perfectly bizarre – and classically Padfoot – paradox. The man could rant and rail about his family for hours, but didn't see anything wrong with using thousand-year-old silverware for dinner each night, or the insanity of using a cursed chest as a coffee table. Remus didn't know why, but he did know that any mention of it would only end in a fight, which was something he studiously avoided at all costs. Instead, he'd talked Lily into throwing a frilly cloth over the damned thing, and never sat in the room alone because it made him so uneasy. Now, with it flung open – the green velvet interior radiating an old funk, mixed with the distinct smell of the Gryffindor boy's dorm – Remus was having a harder time ignoring it. He could only hope that once it was actually empty, he'd be able to convince Sirius to get rid of it. "Aha!" Sirius exclaimed for approximately the eightieth time, dramatically extracting whatever he'd found and holding it high above his head. "Behold, ladies and noble knights… the stolen cup of Minerva McGonagall!" Peter looked up first, grinning and laughing. Remus and Lily glared at him, both silently begging Peter not to encourage Padfoot, who had already regaled them with no fewer than fifteen stories of the pranks of yore. Peter just shook his head and went back to his task. "Who remembers the infamous night of stealing my darling Minnie's cup from right under her nose at the teacher's table?" Sirius said grandly. Remus calmly turned the page and refused to engage, just as he had been doing for the past forty-five minutes. He honestly had no idea what was going on in the book anymore, and he'd have to reread all of it, but it felt worth it to stay out of this trip down memory lane. James, of course, felt no such need. "First of all," he said, pointing at Sirius, "We still have no solid proof that it's actually McGonagall's cup, since literally all the goblets at Hogwarts are identical. And second, no one but Pete saw you actually steal it and his memory of the event changes with every retell — Sorry, Wormtail, but you know it's true." Peter just shrugged, not looking up, likely fearing retribution from Lily. "Remus remembers, don't you Moons?" Sirius pleaded, tugging on Remus' toe. "That prank had less purpose than most, which is a true skill, really, and therefore, I refuse to speak of it. Cup in the bin, Pads," Remus sighed. Sirius gasped, "Absolutely not, Moony! I will obviously be using it. In fact, henceforth, I shall only be receiving liquids which are presented to me in this ancient and noble goblet." "Whatever," Remus said, eyes rolling despite his lack of audience. "Is no one going to point out that Padfoot's 'keep' pile is ten times larger than his 'bin' pile?" Peter said, holding out an album for James' inspection. "I suspect," Lily interjected, "that regardless of his silence now, Remus will end up taking charge of the 'keep' pile before it actually ends up anywhere in the flat. Seeing as he'll have to put up with it longer than any of us." Remus tapped the side of his nose, pointing and smiling at Lily. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Peter go slightly pink and felt an instant drop of guilt in the pit of his stomach. Even though no one spoke of it, there was no question that eventually, James and Lily would have a place of their own. The flat belonged (miraculously) to Sirius, meaning he and Remus would stay. Peter would likely be allowed to stay as long as he needed, but they often caught him with Muggle letting agent posts, searching for something he could afford on his own. He'd never let them talk about it for long, but Remus felt a little bit mean whenever anyone pointed it out, even by accident. "I beg your pardon, Mr Lupin, but I resent the implication that you can control my possessions like I am some sort of kept man," Sirius scoffed, an offended hand on his chest. "Besides, I quite clearly must keep all of these things. They are treasured keepsakes." "Sirius, there is literally a bag of empty sweet wrappers," Remus said, finally looking at Sirius, and grinning at the sheer mirth he found in the other man's eyes. Damned Sirius Black; he was enjoying this way too much. "You need to keep a bag of sweet wrappers?" "Absolutely," he said, shrugging, but with a very disconcerting glimmer in his eye. Remus just rolled his eyes again, and dragged his gaze back to his page. For another twenty minutes, nothing of note came out of the chest. Old potion ingredients were placed begrudgingly in the bin. Single socks and a crumpled Harpies poster joined them, while a cracked pewter cauldron and sixteen tubes of donated Sleekeazy were deemed 'essentials', and added to the mountain beside Sirius. Finally, they seemed to be nearing the bottom of the chest, with Sirius having to stand up to reach the objects in its depths. Remus had gone back a chapter and was actually, properly engrossed in his novel again, when suddenly, a quiet muttering snapped him to attention. "Oh," Sirius had whispered, sitting down on the ground with a large leather folio in his hands. "Pads?" Remus asked hesitantly, reaching out a socked foot to tap Sirius on the shoulder, "Alright?" "Um… I completely forgot this was here," he replied, not looking up. James sat up too, and all eyes were on Sirius. "Does it…" James started, but dropped off and had to take a breath before continuing. "I mean, is any of it still…" "Some things. Not all of it, but," Sirius said, opening the folder, which protested with a loud crinkle. "What is it?" Lily demanded of James. "You two are freaking everyone out." Peter cleared his throat from his corner, before muttering, "His inheritance." "Well, the deeds, anyway." Sirius agreed. "Pureblood heir's get them on their thirteenth birthdays. They are binding. Some of them are worthless now that I've been disinherited, but I'm still the first-born," Sirius stopped speaking abruptly and looked up at James. "Sometimes, there are things that are passed down by birthright instead of by heir," James continued. "It was to protect families that had a lot of...division." "Families such as the ever loving Noble House of Black," Sirius added wryly. "Do you know which ones are which?" James asked, heedless to the fact that he hadn't really answered Lily's question. "Yeah," Sirius said shortly, putting the folder down on a corner of the table and folding his legs. "Want me to read them?" James whispered, reaching out. Sirius nodded and handed him the package. James flipped the folio back open and