Written for the QLFC, Season 5, Round Two. Position: Captain Position Prompt: Gambol and Japes Title: In Wolf's Clothing Word Count: 2,999 at time of posting Beta(s): MagicalButts, Kage Kitsune, CUtopia, Aelys Althea, DinoDina (Thank you!) Go Wanderers! On Remus's eleventh birthday an owl landed on the kitchen window sill. It was an invitation to attend Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry for a meeting with the Headmaster: Professor Armando Dippet. It was addressed to his parents. It had been years since Lyall had been to Hogwarts, and it was his first time in the Headmaster's office. He'd never had the opportunity to see the room as a student, and yet ironically this hidden room was as much of the school as his son was ever likely to see. "I'm sorry Mr. and Mrs. Lupin, it simply can not be allowed. We must consider the safety of the other students, they're only children after all." Lyall's son Remus sat between his parents attempting to look ineffected. "He's only a boy." "Now, Mr. Lupin," he chortled goodnaturedly. "Perhaps that's a bit far." Remus was crying. "He's done nothing wrong. He's harmed no one." His wife, Hope, reached out to comfort their boy. "Precisely, and what better way to keep it that way than to stay your current course?" Hope had been against this from the start. "What course? Moving from one place to another, locking the boy away from his peers? You think it's easier to pretend her doesn't exist? Well perhaps it is easier. Easier for you!" "Lyall," Hope said, pulling Remus up to stand with her. She'd said time and time again that magic had caused them nothing but hardship. She'd loved it at first, loved nothing more than to wander Wizarding London. "You'd render my son an outcast?" Lyall asked, his throat tight. It was his fault. Dippet looked uncomfortable, but to make a long story short: his answer was yes. "Why can't we have a garden?" Remus asked from his seat beside his Father. The tired teenager stared over the top of his book and out the kitchen window. The square of tarmac beyond was just visible. Lyall took a slow breath, he was bent over the dining table attempting to mark a batch of History of Magic O.W.L.'s. The work was tedious, but he was grateful for it. "We have a garden lad, just because there's no grass doesn't mean you can't play out there." "Is it because we don't have any money?" Lyall dipped his quill into a pot of watered down ink. "We have a garden." "You already said. I just… You're always working, but Mum's always asking you to Confund Muggles in Tesco so we can pay less for groceries. Where does all the money go?" "I don't Confund Muggles, it's not ethical." "But she's always asking you to. Do you think she's morally bankrupt?" Remus asked, and his tone was tinged with humour now. "It's alright if a Muggle Confunds another Muggle, it's just unfair when a Wizard does it." "Do you think she's jealous of you?" "Wouldn't you be sometimes, if you were a Muggle?" "I wish I was." Lyall turned to his son, now a thirteen year old Wizard and no closer to owning a wand than Hope, but he said nothing. Remus held his gaze, smiling sadly. Then Remus returned to his copy of Charms of Defence and Deterrence. Lyall made some progress on the bundle of papers. "It's because we have to keep moving isn't it?" Lyall pushed back his thinning hair with an ink-stained hand. "Remus, why don't you write down your questions? And I'll answer them when I'm finished working." Remus closed his book and stood. "Alright," he said. "But I'm using a biro." Remus had filled a notebook. The last three pages were especially cramped, questions sharing lines, some lines nearly black with two rows of text. Remus had run out of space, but not curiosity. Lyall's eyes stung. There would never be enough space to contain his son's brilliant mind, there might never be a space willing to try. Lyall went through every stage of grief right then. He held the notebook to his chest, Hope was sitting up in bed next to him working on some Muggle number game. He pulled his reading glasses from his face and wiped the fog gathered on the inside on the duvet. Hope put her puzzlebook down. "What's upset you, love?" She asked. "Have you given up on me?" Lyall repeated. "I'm sorry?" He passed her the notebook, and pointed with an ink-stained finger to the question Remus had scrawled in tiny letters: Have you given up on me? Every stage of grief but one; he could not accept this. Lyall woke the next morning with heat prickling his cheeks. He'd been grinding his teeth in the night and his jaw was aching. He had woken up angry. He threw himself to his feet, snatched the notebook off his bedside locker, and thundered downstairs in his best robes. He was standing in the Floo before he'd even noticed Remus sitting in front of the fireplace. He was going to storm the castle. Remus looked him up and down, his eyes settling on the notebook in Lyall's hand. "Let me get my coat," he said. "Hm?" Dippet lifted his chin from his chest at the intrusion. He'd been dozing behind his desk. "It's not too late." "What?" The Headmaster squinted at Lyall from behind thin, drooping eyelids. Lyall tossed the notebook on the desk between them. Lyall had never seen Remus stand so straight, he looked like a man. "You could change your mind. Find a way. Don't you see that you must!" Dippet lifted up the offending article with a fat-veined hand. He glanced at it, and then at the two men in front of him. "I see that despite your impeccable performance as a student Mr. Lupin; you never learnt when to quit," he said. He placed it back on the table, unopened. "Quit? Quit on my boy?" Dippet sighed deeply; the sound was wet, and laboured, but that was to be expected. Armando Dippet was more than three hundred years old. He was a relic: a backwards, archaically-minded relic. He looked at Lyall, pity etched in every line of his face. "On a wolf in sheep's clothing." If Remus had been any slower; Lyall would've been on his way to Azkaban. As it was, he lost his job with the Ministry and the Lupins were forced to move again. This time Remus knew for sure that they didn't have a garden because of him. Hope leant against the doorjamb in Remus's with a small sack in her hand. Remus lowered the off-brand Rubik's cube he'd found on the bus, and tilted his head in a silent question. "I want to show you something," she said. His mother's accent was the strangest combination of Welsh and Indian as a result of her mixed parentage, and she was beautiful when she was up to something. Remus was able to use Floo powder, although he wasn't completely clear on the legality of him travelling with it. He had been taken to Wizarding London so rarely he wasn't even completely sure he was allowed, let alone while escorting a Muggle. They'd waited at the back of the Leaky Cauldron for a passing Wizard to open the arch into Diagon Alley, and then they'd stepped out. They walked along briskly with the other shoppers, but neither could keep from gawking. Often it felt like Lyall was the only Wizard in the world, it was hard for Remus to see that wasn't the case. "I'm not sure this was such a good idea," Remus said. "Try to relax, it's always strange at first." "I should be used to this." She smiled up at him, he'd taken a growth spurt since the move. "You're my son too, so you should feel at least half-baffled." A bitter part of him wanted to ask what fraction of him belonged to Greyback, but he was through with questions. Remus hadn't expected to recognise anyone, but up ahead he saw a tall Wizard with a long white beard tucked into his belt. "Mum, we need to get out of sight. There's a Professor from the school over there." Hope didn't need any further instruction, if they worked at the school it was possible that they knew. "Come on," she said, and pulled him nearer to the danger. "Not this way, that's him in the starry cloak!" "In here," she replied, dragging him into a shop. It stank of burning inside. Together they moved far from the door, taking cover among the shelves. "Can I help you?" A young Witch asked. He shook his head. "We're here about the job," Hope said, and Remus's head whipped around. Remus wanted to question her, but instead he just stared at her with wide eyes as she pushed him forward. "Oh good!" The Witch's shoulders sagged with relief. "I'm Skip Gambol." She held out her plump, black hand, and God help him Remus shook it. "I hope you have a sense of humour." He was loath to admit it, but his mother knew him well. He loved his job, and being able to help at home made it a little easier to look in the mirror. "Isn't he a bit young to be out of Hogwarts?" A soft-spoken Witch asked her husband as they perused the shelves. They were looking for a gift for their son. Remus ignored her, if he had been anyone else he wouldn't have been able to hear her. Remus watched her husband snickering to himself as he read the backs of a shining box. The man ruffled his already messy hair absentmindedly; it stuck up in all directions. "You know ol'Japes. He's always happy to employ squibs. He's married to one after all." He brought the box toward Skip at the counter. "I think you're right, he's been stacking that shelf since we came in. He mustn't have a wand, how awful." Her husband didn't reply, distracted by Skip's chatter as she rang them up. He overheard conversations like this often. It was rare to hear a woman who was clearly a Pureblood be so sympathetic, but then that wouldn't be the case if she knew the truth. Remus stood in the small staff room at the back of Gambol and Japes', taking an unnecessary amount of time to put on his apron. It was always harder to face the day when the school was off-term. "Hey Oscar Wilde, any chance of you coming to work today?" Skip called from the shop floor. Remus sighed and went to join her. "Did you like the book?" He asked, she was holding his copy of Wilde's biography between her teeth and putting a cheap clip in her fuzzy, black hair. "Punctuality is the thief of time, very clever. I didn't realise it was a prophecy." She smacked him playfully over the head before passing it to him. "My shift doesn't start for five minutes." "Which makes you five minutes late on Lupin-time. Are you alright? You're not ill again, are you? These Muggle disorders can be harder to shift than Stinksap. You've been doing so well these last few weeks." "It's not that it's just…" He didn't want to say it, but Skip always worried about him. She truly cared for him, even if it was only because she thought he was a Squib with lupus rather than a monster. "Hogwarts," he explained, and she nodded. "Oh, of course. I know you don't like crowds, but at least it makes the day go faster, right? Plus, we could really do with the business. Listen, I can man the register for today. You go keep the shelves in order and see if you can persuade someone to buy something." "Do you recognise him?" "No. He can't be a