Written for Season 4 of the QLFC, Round 7. Title: Dancing in the Dark Team: Wigtown Wanderers Position: Chaser 2 Ship: Andromeda/Hermione Optional Prompts: 1. (word) bond 4. (poem) 'A Late Walk' by Robert Frost 10. (creature) Boggart Word Count: 2,980 Beta(s): CrazyRopeDragon, Dolby Digital (Thank you!) The first thing Hermione noticed was the tangle of sheets trapping her feet. She pretended it didn't bother her, even though there was only herself to fool. Four nights in a row she had woken up like this. Eyes eventually opening when her crimson quilt wouldn't allow her to toss and turn anymore. Terrible things happen to those who meddle with time. She sighed, and pressed her face further into her pillow. Surely she would fall back asleep. Circulation was cut off from her foot, and she gave up. She reached for her wand under her pillow. "Relashio," she whispered, the bed released her, she climbed to her feet. She took her wand, and crept out into the peace of the warmly lit hall. She pressed her cheek to the dormitory door as she closed it, taking comfort in the worn wood. What the school had allowed her to do in her third year was wrong. They may as well have given her cocaine, so that she could have the energy to take some extra classes. It was a catastrophe waiting to happen. It wasn't until two years on that she had really started to experience the trauma. She had travelled in time to save Sirius Black, but he'd still died. It was as though all that she had accomplished using the Time Turner had tipped a scale, and the world was going to right itself. It filled her with dread, and when she thought of Sirius, guilt. It felt like a debt that she wracked up, but she wasn't the one paying it. She pushed away from the door, and took another step into the corridor. There was a white candle flickering cheerfully in a bracket on the wall across from her. It sputtered, and was blown out as if by an invisible wind. The shadows deepened. Hermione narrowed her eyes accusingly at the smoking wick, and flinched at a creaking in the gloom. "Aparecium," she said, pointing her wand in the direction of the disturbance. There was a clunk, as though something had fallen off of a table. "Lumos." Her wand flooded the hall with light, and revealed a drawer blown out from a teetering stand. A streak of colour burst forth from the drawer, and a girl emerged. A bushy-haired thirteen year old Hermione Granger. Her older, pajama-clad counterpart hesitated at the sight of her worn-out past-self. The doppelganger walked briskly over to her. The younger girl pulled a fine gold chain from under her jumper, and Hermione's gut clenched with fear. The sight of the girl may have been a shock, but the object she was now brandishing encouraged Hermione to hold her wand at the ready. There had to be an explanation for this. Hermione stumbled back as the distance closed between them. She wanted to call out, but what if her younger self had somehow travelled forward in time? What if she was standing in the corridor for a reason? These thoughts were pushed to the back of her mind when the other Hermione lifted the Time Turner over her head, and lunged forward. "Stop!" Hermione said, as the other tried to lasso her with the chain. She was increasingly aware of her heart in her chest, the weary state of her mind made the strange moment stranger. Suddenly, despite the fear and the exhaustion, Hermione realised what was going on. She lifted her wand: "Riddikulus!" Hermione aimed squarely for the Boggart's chest, just as the creature managed to wrangle her with the chain. The creature flinched, and shifted so that a gaunt Sirius Black stood before her, dressed as a prisoner once more. The illusion was horribly convincing; she could smell the gunk matted into his hair. The Boggart was so much taller than her now it had no trouble pushing the Time Turner down completely over head. The other Sirius then lifted the small charm, and flicked it. Hermione's mouth fell open, the hourglass span rapidly. She shook her head, and pushed the dead man off of her. She tried to pull the Time Turner off but the room was spinning, this couldn't work, could it? Andromeda stirred her soup robotically. Five years she had been attending Hogwarts, and only last week did she spot the love of her life, and it was a bloody woman. She'd avoided seeking her out since the night in the library. She'd resisted for three days, but she'd seen her again in the Astronomy Tower that morning, and she'd felt like she was in a trance ever since. She scanned the Hufflepuff table with all the subtlety she could, but being sly wasn't her strong suit. If she was in Slytherin for any reason it wasn't because of her sneakiness, it was her drive. Her determination. She only wished that she could want someone appropriate, instead of this… this mess. "You're going to need a house elf to shove your eyes back into your skull." Sirius had made his way over to her. "And you're going to need a dozen to remove your head from your arse." Sirius smiled warmly at her harsh remark, and nudged her with his elbow. "Woah, tetchy." "Should you really be over here?" she asked. "At the Ravenclaw table? No, I suppose not." Andromeda raised her eyebrows. "I'm not— oh Merlin." Andromeda looked around, and met the eyes of a puzzled looking boy in blue across the table. Sirius shrugged at him. She was about to melt into a pile of mortified goop, when she walked into the hall. "I came over to check if you'd been confunded." Sirius waved a hand in front of her face, Andromeda grabbed his hand, and dragged it out of her line of vision to see the bushy-haired dream girl. "Maybe I have." Sirius snorted, and joined her in observing the Hufflepuff miracle. "That's that Hufflepuff that was caught wandering around the girls dormitory in the middle of the night last week." "Hardly odd, considering she's a girl." "Something you've clearly come to appreciate," Sirius said, lowering his voice. "Shut up." The girl in question was walking hesitantly over to the Hufflepuff table, as if she were expecting an ambush. "Do you know her?" "Her name's Jean, I think. Anyway, it was strange because it was the girls dormitory in Gryffindor tower. The boys reckon she was up there for more than makeup tips, if you know what I mean." He nudged her again. "It wouldn't be the first time I heard a rumour like that." Her cousin narrowed his eyes, and then grinned. "Oi, Jean!" he shouted across the hall, and the girl froze halfway into her chair. She stood up straight, and turned slowly. She looked very nervous, and very beautiful. "Hi?" she asked, her voice was quiet, but it carried. Despite the dark colour of her skin, it was clear that she was flushed with colour. It seemed as though she was searching for the source of the voice at the Gryffindor table. "Over here!" She found them then, and her eyes widened. She spotted Sirius, and then found Andromeda, no doubt painted sixty shades of pink. Damnitall. Sirius gestured at Jean to come over. She didn't: she smiled politely, turned her back, and sat down. Her eyes had been dark, and fierce. "She seems a bit shy to be creeping into bed with Marlene McKinnon in the middle of the night." "McKinnon?" Jean didn't seem so shy. "What's it to you?" "You're such a gossip." The bathroom on the second floor was deserted as usual, one nice addition being that even Myrtle seemed to have abandoned it for the evening. Hermione almost cried with relief at the extent of the solitude. She had been speaking with Dumbledore again, the only person she had allowed herself to reveal anything to. She moved over to the window, and scowled out over the lake. She had to get back before she made a horrible mistake, or any sort of mistake. She had been down this road before, but at least then she had had a purpose, or instructions from Dumbledore. Even with those things the results of what she had done had filled her with regret. She hadn't done enough, she'd failed. When she saw everyone here, knowing what she knew was torture. The temptation was too much to take, God help her, she just wanted to give in. The Headmaster refused to say it, but it was obvious that he would welcome some information from her. He knew better, but he clearly hungered for it. They both did, the exchange of knowledge, the prevention of bloodshed. Harry . She was so lonely. This was why she needed to be alone, and remain alone. Dumbledore had given her access to any relevant books he could find, and was reasonable enough to do some research on her behalf. They would get her home; if she had to find that Boggart, and personally strangle it, she'd get home. She thought maybe she could end all of this, if she could just let go of her fear. Wherever that creature was, she was still bonded to it. She needed joy to break away. If she could only laugh she might stop feeding it, but all that she felt when she looked at the people here was helplessness, and dread. When they smiled at her, she froze. It was a cage of thought, if she could only think her way out. Do something that would force the penny to drop. She was so scared to fail again, and there was nothing about it that amused her. The Slytherin common room was packed to the gills, and everyone was in high spirits as they chatted about the upcoming match. Andromeda was not in the mood for any of it. Truthfully, she was a bit miserable. She wandered out of the dungeon, and made her way up to the library. The library was empty aside from bloody Jean, who had her gorgeous head buried in a bloody book. Andromeda hesitated in the door of the library, like a racing Hippogriff waiting for the hatch to open. She could not go over there. She could not pursue a woman. She had to marry a Zabini or a Malfoy, and give birth to his heir and a spare. There was no room for feelings like these. For mistakes. She shouldn't be fixing her long, dark hair, she shouldn't be biting the red back into her lips, she shouldn't be trying to read the title of the girl's book from a distance, so that she could think of something clever to say. She knew better. She walked over, tugging at the hem of her skirt, and then paused, and pretended to be looking at a book discarded on a desk nearby. Jean looked at her then. She seemed startled at the interruption, but she didn't shy away. Andromeda knew she shouldn't. She was already in enough trouble with her parents for trying her best. Salazar forbid she should allow herself to do her worst. She decided the library was off limits for the night. Andromeda knew herself, she was too impulsive to be left alone with Jean. She balled her hands into fists, and left. Hermione eyed the girl from a well concealed corner in the entrance hall, where she sat reading about Time Turners and their uncommon uses. This girl was the reason she wasn't nestled away in the library. When Hermione had seen her earlier in the week, she had been sure it was Bellatrix Black, but looking at her now she felt a rush of relief. She had been mistaken. It wouldn't do