Author's Notes: So this was supposed to be out two days ago, to celebrate the canonical date of the Epilogue, but I got delayed; makes sense, given that this is my longest one-shot ever. It's sort of a rewrite of my old story "Sorting Things Out," and as always ignores Cursed Child, save for one small part that I couldn't help but include. I hope that you enjoy! Albus felt a strange squirming in his stomach as Kings Cross Station fled into the distance, along with the last faint glimpse of his family standing on the platform. He kept watching for a long moment, only breaking from his trance when Rose reached out and grabbed his arm. "Come on, Al. Let's go find a compartment." "Yeah, alright." He hefted his luggage and his owl's cage and began following her, still lost in thought. Finally, he and Rose were going to Hogwarts. The whole thing was faintly terrifying, but he also felt a thrill of excitement—especially now that his father had removed one of his biggest fears about the trip. The Sorting was no longer some great, mysterious trial with a verdict that was completely out of his hands. If Dad was telling the truth—and Albus had every reason to trust him over James—he didn't have to walk into his Sorting blind, oblivious to whatever was right in front of— " Oof! " Albus was so lost in thought that he walked right into somebody, then stumbled back and nearly tripped over the trunk that he was dragging behind him. He had assumed the tall figure was an older student, but when he looked up to apologize he did a double-take and blurted out, " Teddy?! " Albus' godbrother smirked down at his and Rose's surprised faces, eyes twinkling beneath his green fringe. "Al! Rose! Fancy meeting you here. I suppose I'm a bit late getting off the train, then?" "Yeah," Albus said, his face falling. "What are you going to do?" "Come to Hogwarts with us, obviously," Rose grinned. "That sounds like fun! But I have work in an hour, so I'll just have to Disapparate off the train. Anyway, don't worry about me," he said, crouching down to be closer to Albus' level. "At least this will give me a chance to give you two one last goodbye. So how are you feeling? Excited to finally begin your magical education?" "Obliviously!" gushed Rose, while Albus smiled sheepishly. Teddy dropped his voice to a whisper. "And what about James? Is he still bothering you about your Sorting?" Albus suddenly had a hard time meeting his godbrother's eye; Teddy was very good at emphasizing, at never judging Albus' many anxieties, which ironically made Albus aware of how petty they usually were. "A bit. But I'm not worried anymore...not mostly. I talked to Dad, and do you know what he told me?" "That he and Ginny actually hatched James from a troll egg?" "No, that when he was Sorted, the Hat let him choose between Gryffindor and Slytherin. So that means it will let me choose too! Won't it?" "My mum actually said something like that!" said Rose. "The Hat considered putting her in Ravenclaw, but she told it that she liked Gryffindor better." "Ha, see?" Teddy said, reaching out to ruffle Albus' hair. "I told you that you didn't have anything to worry about." "What about you, Teddy?" he asked eagerly. "Did the Hat ask what House you wanted to go to?" "Not really. But that's because I didn't really care," he added, noticing the look of fear that had returned to Albus' face. "I was fine with Hufflepuff, but it said I could have done well in Gryffindor, so it probably would have put me there if I had asked it to. So you're not scared anymore?" "Yeah," Albus said, with another sheepish grin. "I feel loads better now, if I really do get to choose my own House." "Glad to hear it," Teddy said, standing up again. "So now you just have to spend the rest of the train ride figuring out which House that you want!" Albus blinked, but Teddy didn't seem to notice. "Good luck! And don't tell James about the troll egg, I'm sure Harry and Ginny would rather that he find out from them." With that he waved and Disapparated with a crack! Albus was back to looking pensive as Rose led the way down the train. "Let's try to find a compartment to ourselves, or with some other first-years." "You don't want to sit with James? Or any of the others?" " James, no—not now that we've finally got you off this Slytherin thing." Rose muttered that last part mostly to herself. "And I doubt any of the others would want to sit with the first years." "Louis said that we could sit with him if we wanted," Albus said vaguely, but nevertheless didn't object as Rose began to clamber into an empty compartment. They settled in, putting their luggage in the overhead racks, while Albus carefully placed his sleeping owl, Stripe, on the seat beside him. He looked up to see his cousin beaming. "Can you believe it? We're actually going to Hogwarts!" Then she frowned. "What's the matter? Please tell me that you haven't already relapsed on the Sorting issue?" "I haven't! Or at least, I'm not worried about being put into Slytherin anymore. But...what Teddy said got me thinking." "What that he said?" "About 'now I need to choose my House.'" He looked at her nervously. "I mean, I really hadn't thought about it much before, but...never mind." "No, what?" Albus squirmed; he was having a hard understanding his feelings himself, let alone articulating them. "I don't know, it's just—it feels like a lot of responsibility. Like, I get to decide where I'm going to be for the next seven years. It's a relief, but it's also kind of scary in a different way. You know?" He expected Rose to say that he found everything scary, but instead she hesitated, giving Albus a serious look. "Do you want to know a secret?" "What?" "I've been thinking...that I might want Ravenclaw instead of Gryffindor." Albus could only stare for a few seconds. "You do?!" "Yes. I mean—I like being brave and all that, but I just feel like Ravenclaw would fit me better. What do you think?" "...I think you're Gryffindory," Albus said, feeling stunned and rather stupid at the moment. Rose looked away, awkwardly twisting her robes around the knee. "You don't think my dad was serious, do you? That he'd be upset with me for getting into a House other than Gryffindor?" With effort, Albus tried to shake off his confusion and give it a second of thought. "Of course not. I mean—I'm sure that Uncle Ron was just joking. But—you really don't want to be in Gryffindor?" "Well, does it really make a difference?" she said, a bit defensively. "It's like Dad said, I have a lot of brains, I could be in Ravenclaw. And why is everyone so gung-ho about Gryffindor anyway?" Albus rubbed the back of his neck. "Well, I—I don't mean to say that you can't be in Ravenclaw if you want," he mumbled lamely. "I'm just...surprised, is all." Rose smiled wanly. "I know. I'm sorry." "So you're going to ask the Hat for that? Instead of Gryffindor?" She shrugged. "Maybe. I haven't decided for sure yet." Albus squirmed uncomfortably in his seat. "But...if you choose Ravenclaw, then you and I will be in different Houses. We'll hardly ever get to see each other." "That's not necessarily true," Rose said, though she sounded unsure herself. "We might have classes together. And we can sit with each other during meals. And besides—maybe you won't get into Gryffindor anyway." "But—" "No, I mean—are you sure that you even want to be in Gryffindor? I'm serious, Al—why do you want to be in Gryffindor so badly? Is there a reason, other than that that's where our parents went?" "Well...it's also where James and Molly and Victoire are. And, you know...it's the House for heroes and all that." "Come on, Al. I thought that you were supposed to be the rebel in the family?" She smiled awkwardly. It was an old joke—usually when the Potters attended a Quidditch game, Albus wound up supporting the opposite team than his parents and siblings, and the others would quip that he was "the rebel in the family." In reality, Albus was the meekest of them all—he hated confrontation, even about something as small as that. If he was really honest with himself, though, he enjoyed that appellation—he got a little thrill at being brave enough to defy his family, even while knowing that they wouldn't truly hold his feelings against him. Now, however, he looked out the window, not even feeling such minuscule bravado; his newfound exuberance at the thought of his Sorting had vanished quickly. Him and Rose, in separate Houses? The thought filled him with newfound dread. But at the same time...Rose's question was like a distracting itch in his mind. Did he only want to be in Gryffindor because of his family? And was that necessarily a bad thing? He just didn't want to be separated from his brother, or his cousins either. But still...if he could really choose any House that he wanted...it didn't have to be Gryffindor. If his dad said that he would be okay with Slytherin, obviously he would be alright with Ravenclaw, too. Right? "Just...think it over a bit," Rose said, giving a weary shrug. "You can pick Gryffindor if you really want to...and maybe the Hat will put me there, anyway. I'd be happy with either House." Albus wasn't sure what to say, and before he could decide, he was distracted by a commotion outside of their compartment. The two looked at each other, and without a word both headed for the door, opening it to peek outside. A small group of students seemed to be having a tussle in the corridor, while several more stood around, watching and egging the combatants on. One of the spectators moved aside and Albus was surprised to see that James was involved in the struggle, along with his friend Gavin and an unfamiliar blond boy. "Hey! HEY! Move aside! And you three stop! " James, Gavin and the third combatant were suddenly wretched apart by an unseen force; everybody turned and saw a freckly, gingery seventh-year make her way through the crowd, her wand extended, a Head Girl badge shining on her robes. "Well, I wish that I could say that I was surprised," she said, crossing her arms and giving James a look. "Couldn't even wait until we got to the station this time?" " Hey, Victoire, I wasn't doing anything! I wasn't! " he exclaimed, as their cousin quirked a skeptical eyebrow. "I was just trying to stop Gavin from beating up this first year!" Gavin glared at James, but looked away as Victoire rounded on him. "Alright, Blishwick—what's the story, then? ...Hello? Alright, then—First Year. What's your name?" The blond boy winced, but forced himself to look her straight in the face. "Scorpius Malfoy." "Do you have a story for me, Scorpius?" He shifted his weight from one foot to the other, then looked away. Victoire sighed. "Alright, then. I should take away points from all of your Houses, but since one of you doesn't even have a House yet, I guess I have to be fair and let you all off with a warning. But cause any more trouble, and I report you to the Headmistress as soon as we get to school. And write your mother," she added, with a pointed look at James. " I didn't do anything for once! " Gavin let out a snort of anger, turned, and stalked past Victoire to make his way down the train; James gave a worried look and ran after him. "The rest