Disclaimer: None of this story is mine and I'm making no profit from it. A/N: Alright here we go, hope you enjoy this Scorose Marriage Law fic. This starts off about half-way through Rose's seventh year. If you want to know how I arranged the 2nd gen characters, age-wise and house-wise, there is some info in my profile. I should be updating weekly, but I have exams coming up and I'm just an all roud lazy person so that probably won't happen. I'm going to upload the next Chapter tomorrow though, just to get things started properly. The fan art on the cover is not mine, it belongs to Meru90 at .com please go check them out! Anyway off we go... Chapter 1: Hiraeth: A home-sickness for a home you can't return to, or that never was. 'I would like to say a few words. And here they are: Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you!' I knew something was wrong the moment I woke up. It was just a feeling in the air at first- I could almost smell it. Something was off, and it wasn't just because of the unusual silence. Looking around I saw that the dorm was completely empty... at 8:30... on a Saturday. I was usually the first up on the weekends- eager to get down to the library and start my studying. N.E.W.T.s were coming up soon and I had been diligently revising for the last three months. Sure, some of the other girls in my dorm, including Alice, woke up earlyish- so I wasn't too worried until I realised that Dom's bed was empty. Dominique- my most gorgeous, fiery and perpetually lazy cousin. She could easily sleep in until past midday on a weekend. And she almost always did. I jerked upright and all but jumped out of bed, dragging my duvet with me in my haste to get up. I looked at her bed again, realising with a strangely worrying start that there were no pyjamas sloppily thrown across her bed- nor did her trunk look like it had been ransacked for clothes that morning. There was once a time when I had believed that not even the Devil himself could compel Dom to go out of the dorm in her pyjamas. Perhaps that's why it worried me so much, you're probably thinking I'm being dramatic. But I already had an uneasy feeling in my stomach, and this new revelation was not helping. I hurried down the stairs to the common room quicker than I care to admit. It was completely empty, a state I had hardly ever come across it in. It was always held atleast a handful of Gryffindors, from the early hours of the morning to late at night. Not only was I alone in the room, but half finished mugs of coffee and partially written essays had been just left on the tables. That was all the affirmation I needed that something wasn't right. I left the common room as the strange feeling in my gut grew and grew. I hastened through the castle, still in my pyjamas and not even noticing my bare feet growing cold. There were other people too, wandering towards the great hall in a distressed yet almost dazed manner. Some of them were fully dressed. Some- like me- seemed to have been unnerved from the moment they woke and were still in their nightwear. Usually, the racket in the great hall was detectable from at least the floor above. But there was nothing today, even as I came down the stairs to the room in front of the hall, not a sound came from behind those great oak doors. I was starting to think the castle had been evacuated whilst I slept. It was only when I opened the doors to reveal the packed hall did my heart rate slow down. Only to pick right back up again at the tense and anxious faces that turned my way. Half of the occupants were dressed the same as me, the other half had obviously thrown on whatever they could find before hurrying here. I scampered to my habitual spot on the Gryffindor table and slid in; between Dom and Lily. Hugo and Alice sat across from me, but didn't say a word as I sat down- none of them did. I was almost too queasy to speak at this point, but my confusion overwhelmed it and I asked my cousins, "what's going on?" "Well," Dom began, not taking her eyes from the teachers' table. "We don't really know- McGonagall has an announcement." "Well... it might be nothing big, why does everyone look so worried? It could just be about our N.E. ?" It was more of a question that a real reassurance. "There are rumours going around," Lily said, turning to face me. "People are saying-" She never finished her sentence, as at that moment, McGonagall stood up and assumed her place at the front of the hall. She began slowly, in fact for a moment she didn't speak at all. It seemed like forever to our distressed minds. Really, it must have been only a few seconds. "Students, I... have an announcement to make." She seemed unsure how to say what she was trying to say. "The government has been... debating something for quite sometimes." As she clasped her hands together, I saw that they were shaking. It was only a slight tremble, indiscernible to most. But I had always had an eye for detail. It worried me, Professor McGonagall was never nervous. "As you well know, there has been a severe drop in the wizarding population since the war twenty-six years ago." She paused again, "the number of squibs being born has risen distinctly due to the parents' post-traumatic stress." Whispers started up, but were silenced easily with an only half-stern look from the headmistress. "This has created problems for the Ministry of Magic. A decline in the magical population will cause many more problems to the wizarding world in upcoming years. So." She stopped, closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "They have introduced a marriage law that will affect people from ages seventeen to thirty. Those of you in Seventh year that are not yet seventeen will also be included." The hall was in an uproar before she was even halfway through the first sentence. Dominique was on her feet beside me, yelling and shouting profanities that were all but lost in the clamour. I was just stunned into silence, now positive I was dreaming. Or having a nightmare. The hall was silenced once more when Professor McGonagall raised her hand. "Your counterparts will be chosen by the ministry, based off of estimated compatibility and likelihood of creating magical children." "WHAT THE FUCK ", Dom screamed then, as the howls and shouts of protest restarted louder this time, and I was pretty sure even Professor McGonagall couldn't get the room back under control. I was motionless, shocked into submission. Could they do that? Surely there was some sort basic human right that conflicted with this. I looked over at the Slytherin table and searched for my cousin, Al. He seemed to be stunned, just like me. Scorpius Malfoy was beside him, on his feet, but not shouting. Just silently fuming. In any other situation, I would have revelled in Malfoy's aggravation. The more prejudiced side of me might have thought something snide. 'Daddy can't help you now, Malfoy,' for example. As it happened, I wasn't exactly feeling it in the moment. Lily took my hand and turned concerned eyes on me. She was a fifth year, not subject to this law yet, but I was sure it would still be in practice when she turned seventeen. That thought provoked the first flash of real anger in me. Lily was the most innocent, caring, gentle and yet bold and passionate girl ever, I felt a protectiveness over her that I didn't feel for my other cousins, despite how much I loved them. And Lucy, my youngest cousin... I felt it for her too. I looked over at the Hufflepuff table, but she was lost amongst the mob of angry students. Hugo's head was in his hands. I wanted to reach over and comfort my brother, but the table was too wide and the hand that Lily wasn't holding was balled into a fist that I couldn't undo. My other cousin, Louis would be all alone and I could tell from the way Dom kept looking towards the Ravenclaw table that she wanted to go to him. McGonagall returned to her seat then, obviously deciding there was no point trying to persist with her speech. I let my gaze fall to the wooden table in front of me. This law- it was finally registering that it didn't just affect us. My cousins out of school would be bound to it too. Molly, Fred, James, Roxy- all of them. Even Teddy and Victoire, who had pretty much been joined at the hip since before they could walk and had now been dating for about seven years. I thought of Lorcan last, Lorcan Scamander. My- well, I suppose I must reluctantly call him my boyfriend. It's what he was, but I had never liked the word, it seemed so frivolous. I... would never say I loved him- I still thought I was too young for that, despite my technically being an adult. I cared for him, though, abundantly and completely. And I loved being with him, the last month or two that we had been 'dating' had been some of the happiest of my life. I turned to search for him amongst the Ravenclaws. I found him straight away, already watching me. He shot me a sad smile when our eyes met, and I sent a confident one back. I wanted to reassure him that this changed nothing. Really, I didn't feel very confident at all. "Letters will be sent to each of you tomorrow morning, the content of which will be more information on the specifics of the law and the names of your soon-to-be spouses," McGonagall informed us, after resuming her position standing at the front of the room. "You may return to your families tomorrow and stay for a week, but for today you must remain on the grounds. My announcement is now over, you may stay and have your breakfasts or go and continue your days as normal." I almost laughed, continue our days as normal. It really was quite comical. This information would dictate the rest of our lives- it hadn't even sunk in yet. We would all be paired up with someone we didn't choose, married off and then forced to produce little magic babies for the ministry. I got up and left the hall with most of the school, I don't think many people had much of an appetite after what they'd just heard. Lorcan caught up with me as I was walking up the stairs, pulling me to the side."Rose..." He began, then trailed off. But I suppose there wasn't really much else to say. "It'll be ok." I told him, smiling that deceitfully confident smile again, "I'm gonna go see my family, can we talk later?" I asked. He nodded of course, and I turned, pulling my hand out of his and continuing up the stairs. My family was already huddled together when I swung aside the portrait hole and clambered into the common room. Louis and Lucy had come too, and so had Al. Alice was sitting on the other side of the room, with her brother Frank. I sat down on an armchair and realised with a strange sort of shift that me, Al and Dom were the parent generation now. The oldest members of our family in Hogwarts. We had been at school for half a year already, but this was the first time I had noticed it. Our younger cousins would