Disclaimer: I own nothing, The amazing Ms Rowling rules this world! MWAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Ahhh how I wish polyjuice potion existed. Just to be her for one day! Anywayssss. A/N: Ollo! Ok. So my second fanfic EVER. I LOVE Scorose. But I only love it when they hate eachother at first. Otherwise it cheesy! Meshmeshmeshmesh. Anyway. This gonna be a looooong story. Hopefully. Good luck! Oooooh and reviews reviews. I love reviews. *Cue awesome puppy dog eyes.* Also, this shall only be a long fanfic if you like it. So please like it :). Chapter 1: The Meeting Rose's POV As soon as the train turned and my parents were out of sight, Al and I set off looking for an apartment. We were looking for and empty one, or atleast an almost empty one. But clearly, some people had other ideas. Halfway down the train, a hand shot out of a compartment, grabbed us by the robes and dragged us inside. We looked up to see the grinning face if James Potter. Al groaned and tried to escape. But James blocked him. Eventually, we flopped down onto seats. I sat next to Fred. Fred and James were almost inseperable. They were like the next Fred and George, or James, Sirius and Lupin. (I didn't add on the fourth person, because he was a traitor and a coward.) "Hey Rosie." James and Fred said together. I didn't mind being in here. I was them two's favourite cousin. But I could easily sense Al's distress. I also knew why. He usually played Ginea Pig to James and Fred's new inventions. "Hi guys." I responded. Then I took Al's hand. "It was nice if you two to invite us in here, but we were going to find our own compartment. Bye bye!" And with that, I turned and left, dragging Al with me. We spent atleast 6.7 mins looking for one. Finally, at the very end of the train, we found a compartment with only one person inside. Unfortunately, that person was the one my dad had warned me against. Scorpius Malfoy... mweerr. I didn't know this boy, and I didn't like him. I mean, his dad must of done something really bad for my dad to still hate him. My dad doesn't hold grudges. Ok, that is the biggest lie I have ever come up with. My dad is the BIGGEST grudge-holder I have ever met. Ever. But still, I had heard things about the Malfoy's. I didn't trust them. Anyway, I was jerked away from my thoughts when Al opened the compartment door and pulled me in. He can be soo naive sometimes. Anyway, Al, being Al, walked straight up to Malfoy and held out his hand. "Hello! I'm Albus Potter. But mostly I'm just Al." He said happily. Surprisingly, Malfoy shook his hand, even if it was somewhat apprehensively. "Scorpius Malfoy. Hi." Malfoy replied. I ignored him and just sat down on the seat opposite and by the window. Al sat next to him. "What house do you think you'll be?" Al asked, he had been worrying for months about where he would be. I, however, didn't mind. As long as it wasn't slytherin . Urrgh. "Slytherin. Definitely. My whole family have been in it for centuries." Mamfoy replied snootily. I don't see why that was something to be proud of. Deatheaters. The lot of them. Humph. "Oh, I guess Slytherin wouldn't be too bad." Al said, with a far away look in his eye. My mouth fell open. "What?!" I said, a little bit angry, a tiny bit annoyed, but mostly competely shocked. "So you mean to tell me that all those hours comforting you about your 'getting-sorted-into-Slytherin' phobia, were a waste of time?" I asked him, now on my feet. Al honestly looked kinda scared. Malfoy just looked a bit smug. "But, Rosie. I-if people like Scorpius are going into Slytherin. It can't be that bad, surely?" He counter-argued. "Scorpius?" I said, in a voice laced with venom and disgust. "On first name basis already are we boys? And Scorpius is just a typical Slytherin. His dad and grandparents were death eaters. They're all the same." The last thing I saw before I stormed out was Malfoy's pale face set in a look of pure, cold fury and loathing. It was kinda scary. Twat. Ok, so maybe I overreacted. But honestly, he was the personification of all I had been taught and brought up to hate. Anyway, after a bit of thought I ended up heading to James and Fred's compartment. Now Roxanne had joined them. Roxanne was in the same year as James and Fred, you know, being Fred's twin and all. "What's wrong Rosie?" Roxy asked, after I had stormed in and sat down on a seat, hard. Still fuming. "Al" I stated simply, as if that explained everything. "What has he done this time?" Asked Roxy, sighing. Al was forever annoying me. But usually he was still my best friend afterwards. "Oh, he's only gone and made best buddies with Scorpius Malfoy. " I said, dangerously. James jumped up at once. "What?!" He said. "That traitor." The last bit was only just audible as he was already out the compartment door and running off. Most likely to go strangle Al, or Scorpius... or both. A soon as James was gone everyone started laughing. Well, everyone but me. "Good one Rosie. James actually fell for it!" Fred congratulated me between laughs. "Classic!" Roxy said. They were wiping tears of laughter from their eyes and clutching eachother for support. "Wait, what? No guys, Al actually did just go make friends with Malfoy." I told them. Everyone fell silent. After a while, it was Roxy who expressed in words what we were all thinking. "Al is sooo dead." Yup, pretty much sums it up. Ten minutes later, James came back. He was half dragging half carrying Al. And Al was livid. As soon as James shut and locked the door and put Al down, Al began shouting. Well, that was until James stuffed an piece of cauldron cake in his face and forced him into a seat. After that we sat in an incredibly awkward silence. I knew Al blamed me, for coming here and telling James. He just sat quietly and occasionally sent death glares at me or James. Roxy and Fred were playing foot wars silently; I was reading and James was just stewing in the corner. Luckily, about three-quaters of the way there, I had an excuse to leave. "I'm just gonna... erm... go change into... my- into my robes." I said. James nodded is head in acknowledgement and Roxy jumped up and started searching through her bag. "I'll come too!" She said finally, straightening up and brandishing her robes triumphantly. Together, we left the compartment and headed to the end of the train. Where the changing rooms and toilets were. The changing rooms and toilets were, apparently, a new installation. That were put in place after an appeal from the students and some of the governors. Probably for pupil-privacy. Anyways, yeah. Roxy finished changing before me, and told me she was heading back to the compartment. I stayed for a bit, then went to the toilet before finally heading back. Half-way, however, something stopped me in my tracks. It was Scorpius Malfoy. He was looking down at me with narrowed eyes. "You're such a dirty snitch." He said. Merlin what a twat."Says the death-eater spawn." Over the top? Yes. But I'm Rose Weasley. Over the top is my middle name. Ok so technically it's Nymphadora and that would be three middle names in the first place. But whatever. "Atleast I'm not the daughter of a mudblood and blood traitor." Oh. Oh no wayyy did he just say that. No freaking way. I reached for my wand, but he caught my arm before I could grab it. He held it by my side and I couldn't move it. Suddenly, James came barreling out of nowhere and knocked Scorpius to the ground by pouncing on him. After straightening up, he looked down at Scorpius. "Don't ever touch my cousin again." He said. His eyes were burning with Weasley rage, but he emitted some sort of quiet power that definitely came from the Potter's. My heart was beating fast. I mean, being the daughter of Ron and Hermione, I had seen lots of people in newspapers and stuff who wanted to kill me. But being the daughter of Ron and Hermione also meant I was very well protected. I felt someone take my hand and turned around to find Fred. He led me back to our compartment. Al was still in there with Roxy when me and Fred got back. Five minutes later James came in. James started yelling at Al. According to James, Al was held responsible for Scorpius' actions. But I didn't listen much. I just drowned them out. After not too long, we rolled up to Hogsmeade station. After asking Fred to get my bags down, I left the compartment. Al walked up to me immediately. "I'm sorry about what Scorp did." Scorp? Seriously? I had to bite my tongue to remain silent on that one. "But please, I really want you to understand that him and I are friends. And we are going to continue be." "Yeah, but Al, you know I'll have a hard time accepting it." He nodded. "But maybe, for now, I could ignore it." I'm not very good at feelings, ok? He nodded again, then ran off. Muttering something about finding Scorpius. "Firs' years this way! Over here." I heard Hagrid before I saw him. I walked foward enough to see through the dark and then I ran forward. "Hagrid!" I exclaimed excitedly. He beamed happily and hugged me. "Rosie!" He said. "Haven' seen you in ages!" "You saw me two weeks ago Hagrid!" I laughed. Hagrid often came over. He chuckled aswell. "Exactly. Too damn long I tell you!" He said jokily. And I beamed. Maybe this year wouldn't be so bad. "Alright, get over with the love scene Weasel. Some of us are cold " Yup, you guessed it. Malfoy said that. "That's because some people are cold-blooded." I mumbled, but moved back to stand beside Al anyways. Hagrid cleared his throat awkwardly. "Righ' yeah. Well, this way firs' years!" He lead us down a winding path on a small hill and towards a clump of trees. "You'll be getting your firs' sigh' of Hogwarts in a secon' or two." Hagrid said. Suddenly, our path swerved around the clump if trees and there was a collective gasp as we saw our school. It was lots to do with the sheer size of the castle. And the many different-sized towers, with the lighted windows here and there. But what initially made it so breath-taking was it's grandeur. How it just sat there on the hill, in all it's majestic opulence. I read alot. Ok? "Four to a boa'. And no fightin'." Hagrid's booming voice cut across my daydreams. There was scrambling and I somehow ended up in a boat with Malfoy, Al and Alice Longbottom. One of my best friends. "Alice! I didn't see you on the train. Maybe I should of looked harder. I'm so sorry!" I exclaimed, having completely forgotten about her. "Busy train ride, it was." I added. She nodded and cast a furtive glance over her shoulder at Malfoy. "I heard." Alice had jet black hair, that reached just below her chin. She had big, brown eyes and was quite short for our age. I, however, was on the average-tall side of the age group. Even though I didn't show it, I envied her. She was pretty, kind, likable. She could make friends with anyone. I had disgustingly thick, bushy, red hair; an unlikable temper. And I was completely stubborn. That is kind of a side effect of being Hermione and Ron Weasley's child though.