Okay, so I have nine chapters written so far, but I'm also working on another story, too, so I'm gonna have to split my time between the two. Disclaimer: I don't own the Twilight Saga or any of the characters you recognize. Since this is mainly a Jacob story, I gonna double disclaim him. I love his character, obviously since I'm taking the time to write about him, but I don't own him. Oh, and I don't own the mythology behind the Vampire Hunter thing. Most of I took from Buffy, but this isn't a crossover. The Buffy series is, however, what inspired my character. AN: Okay, before you read you should know that this is an OFC character. I felt so bad for Jacob after reading and seeing Eclipse that I had to write this. It's been bugging me forever, this plot bunny has, so I just took a shot at it. Oh, and for the sake of my story...Jacob is eighteen, which makes all the other characters older. By my calculations...Jacob would have been turning 17 the January (I think) after Bella gets married. So in this one he'll be turning 19 instead. So Bella will be 21? I think. Because in New Moon she was 18 when Jake was 16. I think I got that right. Anyway, was just letting you guys know the age difference. Chapter One Vampires sucked. And I didn't just mean in the blood-sucking sense of the word. I'd known about vampires since I was thirteen. Actually, correction: I'd known about vampires my whole life; I hadn't known they were real until I was thirteen. Vampires were considered 'the cold ones' by the Quileute Indians, and my mom had been part Quileute. She'd married outside the tribe and had moved with my dad to Kansas when she'd been twenty. They'd had me when she was twenty-two. My mom had had straight silky black hair, high cheekbones, and brown eyes. She'd been a mousy type of woman, very timid, very shy. It had taken a long time for my dad to woo her. My dad had been born in Forks, Washington, a small town near the coast. The town had been about fifteen minutes away from the Quileute Indian reservation in La Push where my mother had grown up. My dad had been…pretty much the total opposite of my mom. He'd been outgoing and sporty. He'd had shaggy blond hair and blue eyes, a round face, pretty smile. And he'd fallen in love with my mom as soon as he'd seen her. I was a mixture of both. I had naturally dark skin - well, slightly tanned skin, but that was just the Indian in me. I had brown hair that got blond during the summer because of the sun. I got my mom's brown eyes - they were a sort of milk chocolate color. I inherited my dad's smile. I had straight white teeth - sharp, too. My face was round - I had a baby face like my dad had had. An innocent face. Even growing up, I could get away with stuff just by smiling…well. Innocently. I had a fairly toned body. Not overly defined; I wasn't macho or anything, but I had a dancer's body, only I didn't do a lot of dancing. Unless you consider fighting dancing. Fighting I did a lot of. Fighting was what I'd been born for. I was human…with a lot of enhancements. I was faster, had better reflexes, better instincts. I was stronger, my skin was pretty unbreakable, and if I got hurt I healed faster than the average human. I was…the Buffy Summers of the real world. Really. I fought vampires. I had since I'd turned thirteen. A vampire killed my family. I'd had to watch while he'd drained my mother and father. I'd killed him for it. I'd known automatically how. In real life, vampires aren't easily disposed of. Sunlight makes them sparkle; it doesn't hurt them or make them blister like in movies. Holy water is useless. A stake won't penetrate their skin - their skin is like stone and cold as ice. And garlic…well, a vampire would simply think it smelled bad. In the real world, vampires could only be killed by tearing them apart and burning the pieces. With their skin being stone-like, a normal person wouldn't be able to do it. But I wasn't normal. It started off as nightmares. Me fighting these pale-human-like creature with crimson eyes. Only it wasn't me. It was me in someone else's body. And I was fighting,, always fighting. At first I blamed it on my mother. She was always telling the legends of her tribe. The cold ones - vampires - and wolf-people - people who could change into wolf form. Vampires were the natural enemies of the wolf-people. But when I turned thirteen…everything came crashing down on me. Vampires were real, and it was my job to protect people from them. I'd learned from my dreams that to kill a vampire you had to rip it to pieces, so I did. Starting with the bloodsucker's head. It hadn't been easy and I had been bitten in the process. For some reason, I hadn't been changed. For some lucky reason. I didn't want to be a vampire. The venom from the bite, though, hurt terribly. It was…extremely painful, like, burning from the inside out painful. I'd passed out from the pain. After my family had been killed, I'd been shafted from Guardian to Guardian. A Guardian was like a Watcher in the Buffy series. They were made and raised to train…me. Or girls like me. I'd always been stronger, faster, more powerful than other girls my age, and when I'd turned thirteen I'd found out why. There were other girls out there that would take my place if something were to happen to me, but until I died, I was the only one at full power. Most of the mythology behind the Buffy series had been true. At least the part concerning the Slayer. One girl in all the world with the strength and skill to hunt the vampires, to stop the spread of their evil blah, blah, blah. I'd been chosen because I was the one the vampires chose to come after. Then once I'd met my first foster parent - read: Guardian - I'd learned that my dreams were sort of like an ancestral memory thing. I was dreaming about the lives of the girl-hunters that had come before me. Learning how to fight and what to expect through their memories, passed on from female to female. The five years of training hadn't been the happiest of my life. The Guardians weren't supposed to - or perhaps weren't capable of - forming bonds with their student. They were very strict; they were all no nonsense types and it had grated on my nerves. It had gotten old fast. I hadn't rebelled, though, because I hadn't been the type to. I still wasn't. But I had been training constantly for the last five years. It had kept me alive, so I couldn't complain. The first lesson I'd been taught was that, one day I'd lose, and the vampire would win. All it would take was one vampire and one mistake from me, and I would no longer be here. As far as I knew, the Guardians - who were vampires themselves - belonged to the Volturi. The Volturi were like vampire kings. They were the ones who carried out the laws of the vampires, which were: Don't let anyone know vampires exist. Since the Guardians belonged to the Volturi…in essence, so did I. And I hated it. The Volturi had no respect for human life, and the Guardians weren't allowed to have respect for human life. In order to do their job, they couldn't let their feelings get in the way, dictate their decisions. Because I was human…I had a problem with just letting people die, so whenever I met a vampire I killed it. Including my Guardians. If I saw one of them feeding on a human…I would take care of it real quick. The Volturi had warned me against it at first but then they decided my instincts told me to kill so…and the way I figured…they were in Italy, and if they didn't seek me out, they wouldn't know what I was doing. That was the Guardian's job…report back to the Volturi. I no longer had a Guardian, though. I was on my own now. I was eighteen - had just turned eighteen. I would no longer age now; I'd reached the age of maturity. I could be killed, yes, but I wouldn't die on my own. I wasn't sure about disease, but so far I'd never been sick. I could, however, be hurt while killing vampires. Speaking of killing vampires, that's what I was doing right now. Or, well, burning one, actually. I'd just gotten off a plane in Port Angeles, Washington, and I'd seen a vampire lurking in one of the dark alley's outside. I'd followed it and a fight had ensued. Now, I was burning the remains. To repeat myself: That's how you kill a vampire - you tear them apart and burn the pieces. I was supposed to be heading to La Push, but no one had been at the airport. They'd maybe been caught in traffic. The reason I was going to La Push was because my mother and I had come here every summer to visit. I also remembered I had loved La Push. And the people had been nice. When my mother and I had visited we had stayed with the Blacks': Billy, Jacob, Rachel, and Rebecca. Billy Black was the dad; Jacob, Rachel, and Rebecca were his children. Rachel and Rebecca were twins. Jacob was the youngest, he was my age. Rachel and Rebecca were two years older than us. Their mom had died in a car accident when Jacob was young. He couldn't remember her very well, and he didn't like talking about her. Rachel and Rebecca had been shy, but we'd eventually gotten past the bashful stages and we'd become friends. But it had been Jacob I'd been closest to. He'd been happy-go-lucky, always smiling, always happy. His joy had been contagious and drawn me in like a moth to a flame. But then after my parents had died we'd sort of lost touch because I'd gone through so many different Guardians. I hadn't been allowed to write or visit anymore. So when I'd called Billy, after five years of no contact, and asked if I could stay with him for a few weeks - I need to get away for a while - it surprised me when he'd said yes almost instantly. Thinking about the Black's made me realized I should get back inside the terminal just in case they were here looking for me. Once inside I went straight to the ladies' room. I needed to look like I'd just gotten off the plane, not like I'd just fought a vampire. My hair was tangled and my face was flushed from the exertion. My brown eyes were filled with tears that I didn't let spill over. I always got…emotional…after a fight. I didn't really enjoy killing vampires, but I didn't want someone else's family to be destroyed like mine had been. So when I saw a vampire…I killed it. Even though it left me feeling just a little emptier every time I did it. I situated my loose-fitting clothes - they were a little ruffled. I slid my fingers through my wavy light brown hair. When I was presentable enough I went out to the waiting area where I sat down. I didn't have long to wait before someone was calling my name. "Crystal?" a deep, husky, attractive voice said from behind me. "Crystal Evans?" I turned around in my seat and saw…a very tall,