"So tell me Chiron, what would you do if your step mother beat you, cursed your father to believe he was in love with her, killed him, made it look like an accident, never let you out of her sight , and tortured you thinking you have all these mighty powers that could be used against all these different types of people you never knew?" Chiron was listening intently. " What exactly happened once you arrived at Cir-Cindy's palace/place? Here at camp she is known as Circe, and she isn't known for kidnapping children for no reason at all." "She didn't kidnap me, she put my father under a spell in order to get him to marry her. For all I know, she killed my mother, too. But, I arrived at the place, on a dock, straight out of a sewer tunnel. How can that happen? I assumed I was under the influence of the noxious fumes, so I just went on with it in order to get away from what had happened... On the dock, a woman was waiting for me, she said she had been waiting for me. At first I noticed all of the holes and dents in the landscape. How could bathtub-sized craters be in such a beautiful place like this? All of the white pristine-looking buildings with the resort like feel just couldn't have been a recent war zone, but I just took it into stride, you know, the noxious gas thing, and went along with it," Chiron gave her a wary glance. She continued, making the 'I know I was stupid' face, "So I followed her, and she took me up the hillside where all the other girls were, they all avoided me like I had a brand on my cheek, and we eventually ended up at the grandest building there. Cind-Circe greeted me, before, when she was Cindy, she had some sort of mask or-" Chiron interjected,"Glamour." "Ah- yes. A glamour to make her look differently. She greeted me, not with very much enthusiasm, as if she were disgusted by me, like Cindy had acted towards me. After evaluating me of sorts, she sent me to be given the 'spa experience' and I did that, she gave me new clothes to replace my old ones, and I went on just kind of relieved that I had a sort of distraction from... what had happened." Suddenly, there was a knock on the big house's door. Without waiting for an answer, a woman walked in. She was beautiful, with black hair as dark as night, and clothes on that looked like pale moonlight. Behind her walked in a wolf, like it was no big deal, "Chiron, my huntresses-" She paused, looking at Emily. "But, you happened a long time ago. I planted you with a family..." Chiron turned to look at the new addition to the room. Emily sat on the blanket infested couch, staring at the new found stranger with wide eyes. The woman stood, frozen, staring straight back at Emily with a look of astounded bewilderment. Her dog strolled over to Emily and started sniffing at her. Emily recoiled from the dog. Chiron broke the awkward silence," Ah, Artemis, I wasn't expecting you for another week. You look well. Your huntresses will have the usual arrangements, and they can participate in any activities as long as it doesn't contribute to the demise of my campers. I see you... know miss Emily? Should I leave you two... or?" "No. Stay Chiron. I would... prefer you to stay," Artemis crossed the room to the couch Emily was sitting on and petted the wolf who was now licking a bruise on Emily's shin. Artemis began awkwardly, but confidently," I was a consort of your mother's. I cannot tell you who she is, she must reveal herself even though I can tell you that that will be the most unlikely thing that might happen of the age. She might actually be seeking your death quite soon if any one other than myself knew about your parentage. I promise that your life will be closely looked after by my huntresses. You will be safe, I promise." Emily stuttered, putting her hand experimentally on the head of the wolf who was laying it on the edge of the couch. "But why would my mother try to kill me? My dad said she died when I was a baby. Why do I need protection?" Chiron sighed. He had already guessed, but his inquiries had rung true when Artemis had told Emily about the protection she would need. The wolf hopped onto the couch and plopped down unceremoniously on top of Emily's lap. She looked bewildered, Artemis looked confused at the gesture of one of her wolf companions. "Well, sixteen years ago, I was assigned a job to find for you, a baby, a family that would live under the radar, low monster attacks, caring parents. I tried to get rid of you as fast as I could. I couldn't risk one of my huntresses trying to figure anything out, so I went around the city of New York and eventually found a man who seemed like he would be a good father, and I sort of planted you on him. Don't ask how, It wasn't very considerate or smart of me to do. But that is how it happened. I asked the camp to assign a satyr to you, and I went off on my own business never to see you again. But here you are. Unfortunately, Circe found you before any of us good guys could first." Emily petted the wolf, scratching behind his ears where it seemed he had an itch for a long time. "So you're saying that my father isn't really my father, that my real mother had the chance to raise me but would rather catch me dead, and that you are really the reason I'm in all of this?" She had stopped scratching the dog's ears, he seemed disappointed. Chiron held a hand up. "Wait one moment, we still haven't gotten your full story, how did you get here, and why are my campers talking about you reviving Percy Jackson from the dead?" Emily started absentmindedly playing with the wolf's fur, he layed his head against her knee. Artemis still looked confused over the wolf's actions. Emily still looked confusedly at Artemis, not forgetting her earlier question, picking up where she had left off with Chiron. "So after I got the 'spa treatment',I headed up the mountain to find a place to grieve alone. Still not sure if it was all a dream or not, I layed in one of the craters, and grieved a little bit. I thought about my father and all that until I heard Circe's and her servant's voices above me. I don't think they knew I was there, but Circe started talking about how the 'accident' was all planned, how she had been manipulating my life all along, and I sort of snapped. I climbed out the hole quickly and sort of launched myself at her, and tackled her. I got so mad, she talked about how she used my father, how she killed him. That was when I first saw Cindy in her. One minute I'm attacking her, then the next I'm waking up, my wrists and ankles chained to the ground of her office/ temple/palace place floor. She yelled at me, hit me. She yelled at me, told me to use my magic against her? I had no idea what she was talking about until she started talking about my father. I sort of felt a gut-feeling, the hatred I felt for her seemed like it was magnified, I saw a red flash and suddenly her servant is on her knees beside her on the ground. After that, I felt like my energy had been drained. At the time I felt I had nothing to live for anyway, no friends, no family left, so I didn't care what happened. At that time I was starting to realize that this was no sewer-induced dream, that this was real." Chiron looked concerned, " This 'gut-feeling'? You just felt it, then the red flash, then she was just on the floor? Just like that?" Emily fiddled with the dog's ears, "No, there was a sort of pulling feeling right here." She placed her hand on her abdomen," Then you know the type of red flashes that sort of blind you for a moment, like when you get a rush of blood to the head? It was like that, but when it cleared, Circe was on the ground in a heap, with her servant beside her, trying to revive her." Chiron and Artemis shared a knowing look, then Artemis motioned for her to continue. "So when she finally came-to, she got up in my face and accused me of using magic against her, so she said she would use magic back against me. Suddenly I felt a searing pain along the whole side of my body-" She pulled her shirt up a little on the right side, and both Artemis and Chiron gasped at the sight of a severe burn mark. Chiron immediately rolled forward quickly in his wheelchair. He pushed the dog off of her lap, and asked Emily to lay on her left side. Artemis got to her feet, and asked Emily to lift her shirt further to see the full extent of the burn while Chiron rolled away to find a med kit. Emily pretty much had to roll her shirt all the way up to her bra line to show just where the top of the burn ended . Lifting her shirt also revealed more injuries not before seen.She pointed to where the burn ended, in the middle of her thigh. "How could you have just been sitting there like that and not tell us? It could have been infected!" Chiron brought the kit over and glanced at the girl. "We're going to need much more than just a med kit." "My huntresses can help, I'll call May to come and help." Emily just stared ahead, with no expression at all, and patted the wolf's head when it came to lay on the ground beside the couch. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX "Ouch." "You should have told someone, miss. You are seriously hurt." She was cleaning the burn with an alcoholic substance, making it hurt even more for Emily. Chiron glanced at her sympathetically. "Emily, you have a home here at Camp Half-Blood. You can choose to live here with others like you. Like those who found you. If you'll continue, we'll help you get this all straightened out." Emily hesitated, due to some pressure May was adding to a cut she had received. Well, she continued," After continued sessions of this over a couple of days, one day, she did something different. Her servant wasn't there, and she kept showing me different cards with pictures of people on it. She told me to say anything and everything that came to mind when I saw the picture, and she seemed to put a spell on me that would hurt me if I tried to say anything different. At first she showed me pictures of all of the people who came to save me in the end, including one of the guy I... saved. I was forced to say everything. Every new card, I got the gut-feeling again, and I spouted out everything about this new person, especially who they were close to. I didn't even know anyone who was on these cards, never met them before, or saw them before, but all of their information came naturally to me as if there were a computer chip in my brain or something that has info on everyone. She seemed particularly interested in how the girl Annabeth and Percy were connected, and I told her." Chiron sat back in his wheelchair. Artemis looked