Disclaimer: Characters belong to Tolkien.Some of the dialogue belongs to Peter Jackson and co. I'm just borrowing these things for my own amusement. A/N: Okay, so I wasn't sure whether to post this story or not. It was begun many moons ago, and then left in limbo for a long time before it got finished. Consequently, it ended somewhat differently from the spirit in which it began. I also feel like it's a little generic and, let's face it, a little out of date. But I figured I might as well post it anyway, since it took a lot of effort to finish, So, enjoy! Intensity Aragorn raised his eyes from his book as someone else entered the gallery where he was sitting. He expected to see Elrond or Gandalf, come to speak with him. However, before him stood a man, one unfamiliar to him. He did not appear to have noticed Aragorn yet, so the Ranger took the opportunity to study him more closely. Tall, well-muscled, blonde hair…Aragorn's thoughts lost all sense of coherency as he gazed at the other man. Boromir entered the gallery quietly, not really sure where he was. He glanced around to try and get his bearings, and his sight was arrested by a mural on one of the walls. Moving closer, he saw that it showed Isildur cutting the One Ring from the enemy's finger. Turning, he perceived an altar, and on it was a sword, shattered into several pieces. "The Shards of Narsil," Boromir breathed. "The blade that cut the Ring from Sauron's hand." He picked up the hilt, testing the blade against his finger, snatching it away when it drew blood. "Still sharp." Suddenly, he was aware of the sensation of being watched. He turned again, and saw a man sitting in the corner; his eyes fixed on Boromir. Boromir caught his breath. The intensity of the gaze that held him was like nothing he had ever encountered before. The eyes that watched him were a deep blue, and Boromir felt himself being drawn towards them. However, as his heart reached out, his traitorous head decided to take matters into its own hands. "No more than a broken heirloom," he heard himself saying, and the contempt in his voice shook even himself. Flinging the hilt back on to its platform, he turned to exit the gallery. When he heard the hilt drop to floor, he hesitated for a second, part of him wanting desperately to turn back. But the bigger part of him, the part that claimed to disdain anything to do with the possible resurrection of the ancient line of kings, carried him onwards, and he left without a backward glance Aragorn sighed. As the man had turned towards him, finally aware of his presence, he had caught sight of the White Tree of Gondor emblazoned on his wrist guards, and knew that this must be Boromir of Gondor. The hope and desire that had sprung up in his heart died, for it was well known that Boromir scorned any talk of the kings and their return. As the sword hilt had dropped to floor, Boromir had hesitated, and a tiny ember of hope had rekindled inside Aragorn. But when Boromir continued on his way, the ember was smothered by a sudden anger. No more than a proud and spoiled heir, Aragorn thought bitterly as he picked up the shard, placing it reverently back on the altar. Nevertheless, that night his dreams were haunted with images of blonde warriors, strong and passionate, and when Aragorn awoke the next morning, he felt neither rested nor refreshed enough to undertake the demands of the council that was to take place that day. "Gondor has no king. Gondor needs no king." The words rang out across the council circle. Casting a disdainful look at Aragorn, Boromir resumed his seat. However, while outwardly preserving a cold, proud demeanour, inwardly Boromir cursed his words. He knew in his heart that what he had said was false, but his head and his heart still didn't seem to be communicating. The memory of Aragorn's intense gaze burned in his mind, confusing the issue further, bringing heat to his skin and stirring something deep within him… Boromir shook his head slightly – he did not want to follow that train of thought – and tried to concentrate on what Lord Elrond was saying. At Boromir's words, the anger that Aragorn had felt towards the man of Gondor the night before returned in full force. He wanted to grasp Boromir by the shoulders and shake him until his teeth rattled, to try and force some sense into him. He risked a glance at the other man, sure he would see the ever-present disdain still directed at him. However, as he looked around, Boromir raised his head and looked back. Blue eyes locked with green ones and Aragorn saw, not disgust and rejection, but apology, and maybe even acceptance reflected in Boromir's eyes. Instantly his anger died, and the ember of hope re-ignited in his heart. Deciding that he needed to convey some sort of apology for his words, Boromir looked over at Aragorn just as Aragorn turned towards him. Suddenly he was lost in the intensity of the same gaze that had called to him last night. Those blue eyes pinned him, and Boromir did not think he could have looked away even if he had wanted to. And this time there was something more – something else smouldered in those blue depths… Desire? Boromir felt the heat rise in his face. Suddenly he couldn't wait for the council to be over – the affairs of Middle-earth seemed insignificant next to the affairs of his own heart. Boromir walked restlessly to the window, and gazed without really seeing at the beauty of Rivendell. He had desperately wanted to speak with Aragorn after the council, but the Ranger had been called away by Elrond and Gandalf to discuss the details of the Fellowship and its journey. Unable to bear the innocent merriment of Merry and Pippin, or the unwelcome perception of Legolas, Boromir had returned to his room to try and get some rest, only to end up pacing backwards and forwards, the memory of Aragorn's burning gaze filling his mind. His reverie was interrupted by a tap on the door. "Come in," he said carelessly, thinking it was someone come to summon him to the post-council meal. There was the sound of the door opening and shutting. When the visitor did not speak, Boromir sighed in annoyance. "Well, is there something you wish to say?" he asked, still not turning away from the window. "No, at this moment I am content just to look at you," replied a voice. Emitting a strangled gasp, Boromir spun around. Aragorn stood there, looking completely at ease, a slight smirk turning up the corners of his mouth. "You were expecting someone else?" the Ranger asked. "Yes. No. That is…I don't know," stammered Boromir. Pulling himself together, he walked away from the window, crossing the room until he was but two yards from Aragorn. This close, the intensity of Aragorn's blue eyes nearly drove him to distraction, but there was something that needed to be said first, to clear the air between them once and for all. "I wish…to apologise for my behaviour – both last night and at the council," said Boromir. "My words were rude and harsh. My heart knew them to be untrue, but it took my head a little while to catch up." He offered a weak smile as an ending to his confession. Aragorn's smirk widened, and he moved towards Boromir. They were now only a foot apart, and Boromir felt nervousness stirring in his gut. However, as Aragorn leaned still closer, nervousness was quickly replaced by desire, and Boromir felt other parts of him stirring in anticipation. "It is all forgotten," Aragorn murmured huskily. Bringing his hand up to Boromir's face, he gently swept aside a few stray strands of hair, allowing his fingertips to linger. Jolts of electricity surged through Boromir's skin, and he drew his breath in sharply. Then Aragorn's lips were on his, the merest brush at first, but slowly becoming more insistent. The kiss deepened until Boromir felt he was lost in a dizzying vortex of sensations. He slid his arms around Aragorn's waist, pulling the other man to him, and felt Aragorn reciprocate the gesture. As their bodies came into full contact, Boromir felt desire burst into flame inside him, and he could not help the moan that escaped him. Aragorn shuddered slightly and pulled away, breaking off the kiss. Disappointment flowed through Boromir, and it obviously showed on his face, because Aragorn laughed, a deep, throaty chuckle that set Boromir's insides awhirl. The look in Aragorn's eyes plainly said that the best was yet to come, and he pulled Boromir in for another kiss. As the kiss intensified and Aragorn's hands explored his body, Boromir surrendered himself to the sensations that were overwhelming him, and let himself go… Some while later, Boromir lay on his bed, breathing heavily. Aragorn was lying on top of him, and by the sound of it, their recent activities had tired him out just as much as they had the Gondorian. Both men were revelling in the aftermath of their lovemaking, and Boromir was enjoying the feeling of having Aragorn draped over him. However, at the same time, a small part of him was wishing that the Ranger would move, as his arm was going numb where the other man was lying on it. He stirred very slightly, trying to ease the numbness. But Aragorn must have noticed his movement, because he opened his eyes and looked at Boromir. "Happy?" he asked teasingly. "Oh yes, very," replied Boromir. "Except…" "Except what?" Aragorn sounded concerned. "Except that I'm not going to be much use to the Fellowship if you completely cut off the blood supply to my sword arm!" Aragorn laughed, and immediately rolled off him. The feeling flowed back into Boromir's arm abruptly, and he gasped at the painful tingling sensation it created. Still, he was disappointed that Aragorn didn't seem to want to stick around – the Ranger was already pulling his clothing back on, searching the room for those elusive articles that seemed to have gotten lost in his hast to get them off. Boromir sighed, and followed suit, eventually finding his second boot under the bed, and his shirt hanging from the curtain pole. When both men were fully clothed again, a slightly awkward silence descended. Boromir felt like he should express his gratitude or something, but it wasn't exactly gratitude he wanted to express, and so he kept quiet. Aragorn, however, didn't appear to have noticed the awkwardness. He just stood, watching Boromir from under slightly hooded eyelids, much as he had done earlier in the evening. And, despite everything that had happened, Boromir felt as nervous caught in that stare as he had earlier on too. But abruptly, Aragorn turned away. "The Fellowship leaves tomorrow," he said. "We should both try and get some sleep." And with that, he left the room, leaving a very confused Gondorian staring after him. "It is a strange thing, to suffer so much fear and doubt over so small a thing. Such a little thing…" The Ring fascinated him. It entranced him. It called to him. And he wanted so much to answer. It would be the work of just a few seconds to slip it off its chain and on to his finger. He lifted his hand to touch it. Just a few seconds… "Boromir!" He caught his hand back, just in time, looking up guiltily to find himself being glared at with an intensity strong enough to melt the snow around him. "Give the Ring to Frodo." The hobbit was also staring at him, his anxiety clear on his face, but Boromir hardly noticed. He