Hey guys! This is the original version I made with my friend: so please enjoy! (It's a pretty long chapter) Anyways, pls review, follow, fav! (Sorry about the weird unindents and everything... gosh darn copy n' pastin) The Legend of Gaea Part One JANE I wrenched my dark brown eyes open to another chilly November morning. The clouds were lingering in the sky indifferently, as if they didn't care whether they blocked the sun or not. Sitting up so I could close the window, I still remembered the scene that kept replaying in my mind. It wasn't a dream or a nightmare, but more of a vision. I kept on seeing a ship floating through the sky, with a dragon's head. It sailed over my school, bombs showered everywhere, spreading debris, and a crackling noise filled the air. The air was filled with the smell of… fire, salty water, and other unknown smells. These were the most vivid visions I had ever seen. I shook these thoughts from my head. Why am I even thinking about this? I have to get to school! I got changed into my clothes, combed my black hair back into a ponytail, slipped into my shoes, grabbed my backpack and glasses, and rushed downstairs. But I just couldn't stop thinking about that lucid vision I had. What was that? ALICIA Bombs scattered everywhere. The school exploded in flames. Students were running, but I stayed put, staring at the great ship in the sky. Oars jutted out, and were rowing like they were actually helping the ship propel through the air. Sails billowed. A fantasy from Peter Pan. I jolted up from my peculiar dream. Calming myself down, I grabbed my cup of water and gulped it down. What kind of dream was that? Nightmare? Straightening my glasses, I suddenly realized I had school to get to and rushed to get ready. JANE I stood by the entrance of my school, Crossroads Middle School, waiting patiently for the gates to open. I felt a sudden force on my backpack. "AUGH!" I turned, already guessing who it was. "ALICIA!" My good friend, Alicia adjusted her glasses and laughed. "What was that for?" I yelled at her. "Just trying to wake you up. No worries." "Well, mission accomplished." I muttered. Alicia grins. "Come on, cheer up. Let's go to our first period!" I stood in the uneven line in front of my 8th grade history classroom with Alicia, both waiting for the teacher. When was he coming? Everyone was half asleep. Alicia stood next to me, waiting for the teacher as well. I sighed and took off my lens, and cleaned them with the hem of my shirt. Today was going to be a long day. But then- BOOM! Our assistant principal comes running to us, yelling, "EVERYONE, GO AND-" BOOM! The whole roof of the room came crashing down, and everyone was screaming. Alicia was next to me, just staring at the broken roof in horror. "Alicia? Alicia?!" I looked at the roof, too. My eyes widened. A shadow fell over us as the bombs went off. The boat from my visions. ALICIA My eyes widened when I saw that flying ship from my dream. I could only stop and stare, open-mouthed. Dust flew everywhere, and I probably swallowed some particles. Jane was shouting my name and I just stood there, with the desire to step on that golden ship, with the sun glinting off its copper surface. Finally pulling out of my trance, I grabbed Jane and started to run. Jane looked just as shocked as well. "Wha-ho-why?" Jane stammered behind me. We kept on running until we were well clear of the bombing zone, panting and sweating. The principal's booming voice shouts over us, directing us like soldiers in a war. Everyone looked like they were peeing their pants, but something made me look at that ship again. The instinct to just abandon everything and go onto that ship was overwhelming. I hesitantly took a step, then another. Soon enough, I was running directly into the line of fire. "Alicia! What are you doing?! Stop!" Jane shouted behind me. I ran even faster, all the adrenaline pumping inside of me. I stopped directly underneath the ship, and looked up. The bombs stopped dropping, as if the ship knew I was under it. Jane caught up with me, frightened at what I was doing. I kept looking up. The ship was descending. JANE "Alicia? Why are you-" Then a copper skinned girl stepped out and looked at me and Alicia with eerie golden eyes. Her curly hair swept in the dusty breeze. She held out a hand. "Grab my hand." She beckoned me. "Wait, what?" I replied, hesitant. I heard a screech. We both looked up. "Harpies." She whispered. The winged creature's feathered claw grabbed at me and I screamed. Alicia let her mouth open in horror. The girl hopped off the vast ship and slashed at it with a bronze dagger. It exploded into golden dust. Another harpy swooped down at an innocent sixth-grader. I leapt in front of them and hit the harpy with my art binder. "Run, RUN!" I yelled to the sixth-grader. He didn't need to be told twice-he got up and ran away, screaming. The harpy let out a cry and slashed at my face. I fell down, my face throbbing with pain and panic. I saw Alicia climb onto the ship. The girl shook me wildly, shouting for me to wake up. To respond. And...there was someone behind her...a pale-faced boy with jet black hair wearing a leather aviator jacket and torn skinny jeans. Before I could look closer, red dots started to cover my vision. I tried blinking them away, but they covered my field of sight, and I went out like a flickering light. ALICIA "JANE! JANE!" I cried at the unresponding figure of Jane, shaking her shoulders. She was brought to some kind of chair inside the ship, a couple feet from the entrance we had just ran through. Tears came to my eyes. "Will she make it? There's blood everywhere!" I looked at Jane's bloody face and head. It was soaking through her hair. The girl merely stared at me, then smiled. "I'll take care of her," she replied. "Oh, and by the way, the name's Hazel." I just stared at her, then nodded. "My name's Alicia, and this is Jane." She smiled back, then leapt away, seeming to know exactly what she was doing. Deciding to leave Jane to the professionals to clean her up, I stood up. I was curious about the flying ship and started to walk around. Then I noticed someone. He had wild, curly hair, and looked like an elf from another dimension. I decided to slip pass him, so I can see the ship on my own. "Whoa, where are you going, ma'am?" "Umm..." I paused. Dang it, I thought. He chuckled, a grin spreading over his face. "It's ok. I'm Leo, owner and maker of this amazing flying ship, the Argos II. What do you think of it?" He winked at me. "Er, well, apart from the crazy bombing and everything, I think it's pretty awesome." I stuttered. "Well, we just had to make that happen to… kind of lure you guys out. It might be really hard to grasp. But the thing is, we needed to get you two out of the school, but the harpies caught up to us." he said, playing with a spark of flame indifferently. "Well, how do mortals see them? "That's where The Mist comes in. To them, the harpies probably look like crazy chicken-men." He put up an elfish smile. "Don't take it seriously." "Oh… well… would it be ok… if you showed me how the ship works? I've always been kind of interested in mechanics… so… " Leo looked at me. "Sure, no problem. Just follow me." He started to walk, and I followed. It was time to get some answers. JANE I woke up on a soft, comfortable bed in the late afternoon. What happened? Well, for one, I know I'm not in my room. Blueprints and diagrams of architecture were plastered all over the walls, and a Yankees cap laid on a desk, cluttered with paper. Nearby, a trash can was filled to the brim with scraps, and there was a photo of a beautiful blonde girl with gray eyes and a boy with messy dark hair and sea-green eyes. I winced at the wound on my eye. I went to touch it, and realized it was covered by a cloth. I sat on the bed for a while, not really knowing what to do. Then a thought came over my head. What's going to happen to mom? Is she worried about me? Has she even heard about the explosion? I imagined my poor mother clenching her phone, talking into it as she called the authorities while wringing her hair and balling her eyes out. Oh, gods...my nerve-wrecking thoughts were interrupted by the door opening. "Can I come in?" said a calm voice. "Sure." I said. Then the same girl from the photo walked into the room. Her blonde hair was tied up and glistened in the afternoon sun leaking out of the window. She looked like your typical California girl, except with deep, intense stormy gray eyes. "You're awake." she smiled. "How are you?" "I'm good...except the fact that I have ever so many questions going through my mind." I answered. "Oh. Then, to begin with, I'm Annabeth Chase." she took out a hand. "I'm Jane. Jane Tai." I shook her hand. Annabeth smiled. "Well, as for where you are, you're on the Argo II, a flying ship." "A flying ship." I repeated slowly. "Yes." There was a moment of silence. I then said, "Why am I here?" "I should explain that later, along with your friend." "Alright…." Another moment of silence. I tried to stand up, but my head burst with pain and I got back into the bed, forced to stay put, with tears of agony in my eyes. "You should stay in bed for a while. Your wounds haven't healed yet." Annabeth said, worried. "Okay. Who got me up here? Was it you?" She shook her head. "Nico carried you up here. I should get your friend here-she's worried sick about you." Annabeth got up and left the room. I stared at the door she walked out of. I flopped back onto my pillow, thoughts racing in my mind. Why am I here? Where am I going? Why did they rescue only me and Alicia? Do I even have a purpose here? ALICIA I followed Leo through the halls of the airship, amazed yet wary. I didn't know if I could trust him yet, but I needed answers. Urgently. "Hey, Leo?" I asked politely. "What did you say about the Mist again? And about 'luring' us out? It would be great to know, since I'm kind of confused about all this." He turned around, then stared at me for some time. "I'm sorry, I don't think I should tell you now." Scratching his head, he gave me a quirky grin. "I don't really get it myself." "Oh. Sorry for asking." I replied. So much for getting answers, I thought. At least I can get a peek at the inside of this cool ship. We continued to walk. The inside of the ship had a warm feeling, and we walked past a room full of refrigerators and another room that had giant screens that changed their landscape every now and then. The picture with the massive bonfire intrigued me the most. Leo and I went down a long hallway. I realized that Leo had led me to the engine room. The smell of oil was everywhere, but it looked like Leo didn't mind. He started to talk about his amazing handiwork, until he was interrupted by