Hey all. I am significantly more active on AO3, but because there are so many alerts set up for this fic, I felt that I should post this first section here. I will be posting the rest of the re-write over there. It is called 'An Unsightly Blemish' there as well and I am fineandwittie, in case you want to pop over and check it out. I hope you like the rewrite. The first version was fun, but had enormous plot holes and just so many problems. I've recently re-read Pushing the Limits, which made me want to try this one again. By the way, in case you were wondering, that fic can only be found on Vorabiza's Yahoo Group. Or it was there. I don't know if it's there anymore. it was an unfinished fragment that orabiza abandoned when s/he disappeared. Anyway, I appreciate any of you who read this and I would appreciate any reviews you leave, here or on AO3. Thanks :D One: None of those who had died during the war had come back as ghosts, at least not as far as Harry knew. Which seemed odd, when you thought about how many people had died. Not a single ghost. It made the hovering faces of Colin Creevey, Astoria Greengrass, and half a dozen younger years whose names he had never learned even more disconcerting. Harry blinked hard, trying to drive away the ghostly overlay that his brain was taunting him with. Any moment, Charlie Weasley and Oliver Wood would wonder in, gossamer and dripping blood, and he wasn't sure he could handle that. Not tonight. Movement to his left sharpened his senses and drove away the dead. He opened his eyes and glanced left, even though he was pretty certain he already knew who had approached him. "This is going to be an unusual year for you." Severus' voice was low, with a hint of a question in it. Harry smiled, turning back to look out over the Great Hall. He had not had the pleasure of seeing it from this position since his sorting nearly a decade before. "It will be at that. Odder than usual, even." He watched as the students began to pour in through the large double doors and seek out their seats. The first years would be crossing the lake with Sinistra right now, seeing the castle for the first time. Harry ruthlessly suppressed the sting of Hagrid's loss. The man had been dead for almost two years, but being back at Hogwarts seemed to reopen old wounds. "Do you think I can do it?" Severus glanced at him and raised a sardonic eyebrow. "I am quite certain that me extolling your virtues would send this experience quite into the realm of the fantastical." Harry let a smirk curl at his mouth. The knot of tension that seemed to sit at the base of his neck for the past couple weeks loosened. He rolled his shoulders and stood. "Shall we?" Severus inclined his head and gestured for Harry to precede him. Circling the Head Table, Harry took the empty seat to the Headmistress's right. Severus sat in his usual seat on Harry's other side. "Professor Potter." "Headmistress." Minerva grinned at him. "Having doubts, my boy?" Harry snorted. "Don't you start with that. It was bad enough from Albus." Minerva laughed. "Alright, Harry. You shouldn't worry, you know. You are more than qualified. If I had doubts about your competency, I wouldn't have hired you." "My competency? Minerva, I'm the Defense teacher. I could be a dancing bear and still get hired for that position." Severus tried to stifle a snort and mostly succeeded. "The curse on the position has become a thing of legend." Minerva rolled her eyes, looking as though she were praying for strength. "As you say. Which means there is no way you can fail, since you are at least marginally more intelligent than a dancing bear." She paused to let him absorb this blow. Severus did not even try to stifle his snort this time. "In all seriousness, Harry, you are a veteran of the war. Surely you can put some of those skills to use in a classroom full of children?" "Two years ago, many of those children were my classmates and peers." Severus cut his gaze to Harry, real concern in his eyes, though he kept his face forward. Insecurity was not in Harry's nature, though self-doubt perhaps was. He hadn't realized Harry was still so unsure about the position he'd accepted. The woman frowned. "And what does that to do with this? Harry…what you did in the war…The things that you experienced…You have not been a child for some time, your youth not withstanding. Age is merely a number." He opened his mouth to speak, but she held up a hand. "Before you protest, yes, I will allow that a small number of them also fought. But in a very limited capacity and none of them saw what you saw. The vast majority experienced the war as fear, as hiding, not as direct combat. Your place is here. Your experience, your breadth of knowledge, and your power all demand that your place is here, teaching. There is nothing more you need that we can teach you. But remember that a teacher learns from their students too." Harry exhaled. "Thank you, Minerva. I…I realize that it's a little late in the game to be voicing such concern. Although…Did you play Quidditch, by any chance? You would, I think, have given much better motivational speeches than Oliver ever managed. Much more effective ." He shot a pointed look at Severus. Severus merely raised his eyebrows. "I refuse to pander to the needless worry of a Gryffindor. You are a Slytherin. Act like it." Harry laughed aloud and the knot came a little looser. They were both right. This was where he belonged. Minerva leaned forward to frown around Harry. "What on earth are you talking about? Harry was a Gryffindor. In fact, it is quite well known that Harry is the quintessential Gryffindor." Severus turned to look at her, his mouth twisted into a smirk, but said nothing. She turned to Harry in confusion. Harry shrugged "I talked the hat into it. It said that in Slytherin, I could be great, but I begged and begged to be put anywhere else. Thus Gryffindor." Minerva's eyes bugged and her mouth actually fell open a little. She gaped at him for a long moment. "That is the most Slytherin thing I have ever heard." Severus nodded sagely. "Isn't it?" He scowled down at the students, who were shooting confused looks up at the Head Table. Harry noticed Hermione and Ron sitting side-by-side across from Ginny at the Gryffindor table. They had all turned to stare openly at him. He offered them a smile, but shook his head sharply when Hermione made to stand. She sank back in her seat glaring at him. He turned his attention back to Severus, arching an eyebrow at him. Severus looked flatly back for a moment before addressing himself to Minerva again. "He should be a Slytherin, yet he is a Gryffindor and I am forced to put up with it. Only I would be saddled with such a thing." Harry laughed. "You love me for it, Sev." He crooned in a tone he knew grated on Severus' nerves. Severus' lip curled. "How many time must I tell you to stop calling me that?" Harry grinned. "At least once more, as always." Minerva watched them with a twinkle in her eye that would have made Dumbledore jealous. "I did not realize that the two of you were involved." Severus' jaw clenched and Harry's face went blank. He waited and sure enough, "I assure you, Minerva, Potter and I are not, in anyway, involved." Harry managed to force a believable grin. "Oh, Potter, now am I? I was Harry last night. And also five minutes ago…" Minerva coughed politely and Severus glared at him. Harry's grin loosened at little. "Well, this is just like old times. Do you think that lot simply think I got lost and wandered up here? All we need to feel right at home is Draco shouting insults." Severus sighed softly. "I'm sure he'd oblige if you asked." "Ah but it just isn't the same when the hatred and insults are requested, is it?" Harry turned back to survey the students again. Most them were staring now. "So, which do you think is confusing them more? The fact that I'm here or the fact that we having a pleasant conversation? Because as far as any of them know, we still hate each other." "Speak for yourself, Potter. I still hate you." Severus' tone, however, was distinctly sullen. Harry laughed and offered a conspiratorial smile to Minerva. "So he says now. Later will be an entirely different story, when—" "Potter, if you finish that sentence the way I think you are planning, I will skin you myself and use your internal organs for potion's ingredients." Harry snapped his mouth shut, knowing exactly how serious Severus' threats could be. He was fairly certain the man wouldn't use him in a potion, but that didn't mean he wouldn't take his revenge some other way. There was a brief pause, Minerva twinkling at them, before Harry felt compelled to point out, "You realize that just makes it sound worse, don't you, Sev?" Severus turned to face Harry fully, actual annoyance on his face and Harry cut him off quickly, "Oh look! First years. Yay." This served well enough as a distraction for all of them, mostly because Sinistra had already made her way to where the Sorting Hat sat upon its stool. There were more than double the usual number of first years, which was no surprise considering Hogwarts had been closed for two years. Indeed, the number was significantly lower than it could have been, thanks to all the pureblood families who had elected to send their children overseas to school. Beauxbatons, Drumstrang, and Ilvermore has all seen a sizable influx of British students. But not all of the new students with muggleborns and half-bloods. "Zabini, Brigid." Harry frowned slightly at this, the final name. He leaned close to Severus and murmured, "I didn't realize that Zabini had a sister." Severus sneered. "Yes. Same father, different mother. And lucky for the girl too. Zabini's mother is…not someone you would ever want to meet. Even the Dark Lord found her distasteful." Harry nearly reared back at this bit of information, but controlled the reaction from long practice. Instead, his lip curled back in disgust and he nodded. Minerva had stood and spread her hands. Everyone fell silent. "Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts." The room cheered. "We are immensely pleased to be able to welcome you all back this year, now that the war is over and Voldemort is truly dead." Another cheer. "I know those of you returning to us are accustomed to Headmaster Dumbledore's…eccentric style." A chuckle. Harry breathed. Dumbledore's loss had been more difficult than any of the others. "But I am not quite as eccentric as he was. I will make the start of term announcements before the feast, so that you will actually pay attention." Harry snorted softly and Minerva shot him a look. "Firstly, as you all might have noticed, there is a very small number of what might be deemed eighth years sitting among you. I opened an invitation to any students who had missed part of their seventh year here, due to the Battle of Hogwarts, the closure of the school, or other extenuating circumstances. A dozen or so students took me up on that invitation, so welcome to you few. I hope life at Hogwarts will be as good or better than you remember." Now that he'd been made aware of it and was looking, Harry noticed two extra redheads seated at the