Disclaimer : It all belongs to the Tolkien Estate or some other lucky bastard, I´m just borrowing... Author´s Note : This is just a little fic I´ve written a while ago when I was in the mood for some intense Aragorn h/c, so there. Takes place while Aragorn is in his late forties. Please note that this is AU and that the focus is entirely on what the title says. -- Enjoy! Hurt and Comfort -- On his way to Rivendell Aragorn ha s been ambushed by Orcs; they have shot him off his horse, who then ran off in a panic. Fortunately, the horse was found by some of Rivendell´s guards, who have immediately set out and come just in time to save Aragorn, who was defending himself with his remaining strength. The guards brought him to the Last Homely House... ~o~o~o~ Aragorn breathed rapidly while he tried to control the white hot pain that seared through him; sweat stood upon his brow, and his hands clenched tightly around Elladan´s. Elrond leaned over him, smoothing the Ranger´s damp hair out of his face: "Estel", he said softly yet firmly and only continued to speak when he was sure to have the man´s attention: "I am going to put you to sleep now." After a few seconds, Aragorn nodded; the thought of escaping the agony was more than welcome. Elrond saw the defeat in the man´s eyes and swallowed; he must be in much pain if he gave in so readily. - The elf could still feel the heart-clenching fear which had gripped him when a group of Rivendell´s guards had ridden into the courtyard, their captain holding a nearly unconscious man in front of him. Elrond, having been alerted by an envoy, would have recognized him at once even if he had been as battered and bloody as he was, two arrows protuding from his upper body. As Elrond had stepped up to the horse, pain-filled grey eyes had met his own. The guards had helped Aragorn dismount; his legs would not support him, however, and he was shaking badly, looking as if he was going to pass out any moment. Elrond quickly had supported him, feeling his foster son´s body tremble. "Ada," Aragorn´s voice had been but a ghost, pain evident in the way his breathing hitched: " Orcs , near the borders..." "Do not worry, Estel," Elrond had tried to soothe him, speaking to him in a gentle voice without thinking about his words. "They will not come any nearer, the guards will see to that. You are safe now..." - Sorrowfully, Elrond now nodded towards the twins: he needed to work quickly. The arrow wounds were deep and had bled profusely; one of them was quite near the heart, too. And the knee looked bad; Elrond could see that blood had clutted underneath the skin and the bone, and he knew that he would have to cut it open to clean it. It did look like an older injury, though, which seemed to have nothing to do with the Orcs; the skin was bruised and coloured severely, something which could not have occured so fast. Elrond and Elrohir now lifted Aragorn´s upper body up. He gasped when he was being moved and weakly leaned against his brothers. Elladan soothingly stroked his temple just as he had done when Aragorn had been little; they helped him drink the sleeping potion Elrond had prepared, then they gently eased him back down. It did not take long for the potion to take effect; Aragorn´s body gradually relaxed and his breathing calmed down; after two more minutes, his eyes closed. The elves quickly removed his torn and bloodied clothes, then Elrond turned his attention to the injuries while Elrohir monitored the Ranger´s breathing and Elladan assisted their father. Both of them cast worried glances on Aragorn´s white face several times. Elrond had lost count of time, he did not know after how many hours the arrows had been removed and the knee had been opened and treated. - When Aragorn finally had been cleaned up and the wounds were cared for, a heap of bloodied cloths lay on the floor. Elrond and the twins cautiously moved Aragorn over onto the bed; they laid him flat on his back, with only a soft folded cloth to support his head due to the concussion, then propped his knee up on some pillows and carefully covered him with a thick blanket. Only now did Elrond start to shake slightly, an unpleasant sensation and an unfamiliar one. He tenderly stroked Aragorn´s hair and his pale face; the man´s features were drawn and pallid. Elladan brought a chair; he had seen his father´s weariness and knew how hard this must be on Elrond, who gratefully sat down. Silently, the twins started to clean up; after all was done, they settled down in a pair of chairs as well. Neither of them would even have considered leaving now. Outside it was getting dark. They lighted a single lamp in case Aragorn woke up, for he should not find himself in the dark in a room which might be unfamiliar at first. Whenever he had been sick he had been in his own room, and on most occasions in which he had been injured Elrond had seen to it that he did not have to spend more time in the healing quarters than necessary, since the elf knew how uncomfortable Aragorn felt there; it too strongly emphasized a vulnerability he did not wish to admit, thus he had never spent more than one or two nights in there. It was well past midnight when the Ranger stirred. Elrond was relieved, as the sleeping potion had been strong and he had feared that it might send the man into too deep a sleep to awaken from out of his own power, considering how weakened his body was. The elf got up and leaned over his foster son, gently stroking him: "Estel", he said tenderly. "Come back to us, child..." Tired eyes opened and tried to focus on Elrond, who felt tears of relief in his own eyes: "Estel", he repeated. "There you are." Aragorn tried to say something, but could not find his voice. He did not exactly know what happened, but his head and knee hurt terribly, and his whole body ached. Elrond must have seen the pain in his eyes, though, for he quickly retrieved a cup with a pain-relieving solution and helped Aragorn drink it. The man soon fell back asleep. He was feverish, and Elrond was worried; even more so when Aragorn woke up in the morning and was violently sick to his stomach. He could not keep anything down, not even water, so there was no way to decrease the pain or the fever. Sweat stood upon Aragorn´s brow, and his whole body was tense in the effort to fight off the pain and nausea. He was half-aware that at one point Elrond was there, holding him and stroking him soothingly as he had done when Aragorn had been little, but breathing in and out alone to keep the nausea at bay took too much energy for him to be able to concentrate on anything else, and apart from that did the fever stifle him. Elrond´s heart clenched when he thought of the pain his youngest son was in; Aragorn was trembling, and his body felt unusually frail. The elf cautiously eased him back onto the pillow, knowing that Elladan and Elrohir would stay there, and went into his study. Something had to be done. - Two hours later he returned; he had found the recipe for a herbal solution which was supposed to settle the stomach no matter what. Elrond hoped it would help, for Aragorn needed his strength. When he entered the healing quarters, he found the twins occupied with another bout of sickness on Aragorn´s side; Elladan supported their brother, who feebly leaned against him, shaking, while Elrohir was just clearing away a basin. Sitting up only increased the nausea and the pain in his wounds, but Aragorn was helpless against the sickness. Elladan stroked his brother´s hair back: "You will be all right", he soothed, despite looking slightly panicked. "It will pass, Estel..." Aragorn´s eyes closed from sheer exhaustion. His face was grey, dark shadows lay under his eyes, and lines of pain and fatigue were edged into his features. "Estel", Elrond knelt down in front of him. "Drink this. It will help against the sickness." Aragorn complied wordlessly; he did not really care anymore, all he wanted was for it to be over. - Cautiously, so as not to aggravate his wounds, the elves eased him back down onto the bed. He dared not close his eyes, for the nausea seemed to worsen every time he did, and just stared ahead under half-closed lids, waiting for the feeling of queasiness to abide. It did not however, and he was unable to keep the potion down. Only after two more attempts did the draught started to take effect, and the queasiness gradually decreased, finally allowing Aragorn´s exhaustion to overwhelm him; his eyes closed, and he slept, severely worn-out from the ordeal. He woke only once, in the evening, but did not really come to; his brothers fed him some broth and a pain-relieving potion, and he quickly fell back to sleep afterwards. - The twins had managed to persuade Elrond to go and rest for a bit; Aragorn needed him fully alert. Elrond thought he would be too anxious to calm down enough, but as soon as he had lain down on his bed did he drift off to sleep. Both of the twins stayed with their brother; they decided to take watch in turns. Elladan offered to take the first one, thus Elrohir lay down on the spare bed to get some rest as well while his twin sat with the Ranger. Distressed, he reached out and stroked the Ranger´s hair. His hand wandered to his brow and temple, confirming what he had already known: the fever was still high. Aragorn´s face was tense, his breathing slightly laboured; Elladan could not remember ever seeing him looking so helpless. He proceeded to cool the man´s forehead with a cold cloth and felt himself musing about how fragile humans were once more. The fever lasted well into the following day; towards evening it finally started to subside. When Aragorn woke up, his eyes were still glazed, but he was not so dazed anymore. He blinked, for a second wondering what had happened; he was lying flat on his back, and his right leg was propped up on some pillows. His whole body felt stiff and ached somewhat, and he felt strangely weary. A hand pulled him out of his thoughts; it was Elrond´s, who now leaned into Aragorn´s range of sight, smiling warmly. Aragorn returned the smile: "Ada", he said, barely audible. "I do not know what happened..." Elrond stroked the Ranger´s exhausted face: "You had an encounter with Orcs; I will tell you the details in time. You need to drink something first of all." He lifted Aragorn´s head and helped him, then he felt his forehead again: the fever was nearly gone. "Orcs?", Aragorn repeated feebly. Elrond subdued a chuckle; he should have known that the Ranger would not leave it at that. "All in good time", he repeated softly, "right now all that matters is for you to recover." He eyed Aragorn attentively: "Are you in pain?" "Barely", Aragorn replied. "Only my knee hurts." Elrond nodded. The knee was still infected, and he feared that he might have to cut it open once more; there was nothing to be done about that presently, though. They would have to wait. "I can give you some more pain-relieving potion", he said. "But you will have to eat something first." Aragorn turned his face away, grimacing; he did not feel