Disclaimer: I do not own "The Lord of the Rings" and any recognizable characters except Radulf belong to the Tolkien estate. I am not making any profit with this work. o ~o~ Matters of the Heart o ~ For my lovely beta and friend StarLight ~o~ Inspired by the small sigh Aragorn gives in the movie version of RotK at his coronation before he turns around and faces the people. Author´s notes : The story combines book- and movieverse and is slightly AU. Main characters: Aragorn, Legolas, Gandalf, Elladan. More notes and quotes to be found at the end. Thanks to all who voted for the story on Teitho! Enjoy! o ~o~ o For a fleeting yet eternal moment Aragorn found that time stood still. Not only the weight of the troll seemed to bear down on him, but everything which had been worrying him ever since the quest had begun- he suddenly saw very clearly, and a great sense of despair spread in his mind. He had been in battles before, but they had never been this fierce, nor had so much been at stake. Never had so many been lost. Each night in his dreams he saw the souls of those who had fallen, saw their pale faces staring at him, accusing him of having led them towards their doom. He shuddered as the troll reinforced the pressure on his chest, abruptly being pulled out of his thoughts by it: he could see the creature´s determination and suddenly realized that he had to get out of his stupor if he did not want to be crushed. Aragorn was suddenly glad to be wearing a cuirass; he would not have chosen it himself, unwilling to give up his manoeuvrability because the breastplate seemed heavy and impedimentary, but Gandalf had insisted. " Most of them have not laid eyes on their king yet," he had said, leading the way into the ancient royal armoury. "If they are to follow you, you must look more than merely another commander, or one they know from old tales. You must look a sovereign, Aragorn." He had cringed at those words, true as they were. The Gondorians had just seen a horrible attack on their home, a nightmare so profound it would take years to repair the damages. Who was he to demand that they follow him into the next battle? It had seemed to him the only logical thing to do, drawing the eye away from Frodo, but now, he was not so sure any more. The men were weary and battle-worn, after all. And they would most likely not come back. Gandalf had been watching him with a small smile, as though reading his thoughts: "The men will follow you, Aragorn," he had said quietly. "As they have followed Boromir, and Faramir. But this is different. The steward´s sons have fought to defend Denethor´s city." Aragorn looked up at this, thus Gandalf quickly continued: "No, do not think I am speaking ill of them. Both have fulfilled their duty to their people, as I am aware of, and for a multitude of reasons. But you- you have fought for the sake of others regardless of your own. You had no greed." His voice grew soft: "Your own legend precedes you, dear friend. Denethor was not the only one aware that you had stepped out of the shadows. The people have waited for this day." Aragorn closed his eyes; surely not this day, he wanted to say, with the dead still out there, the earth of the Pelennor fields drenched in blood. The same small smile still played around Gandalf´s mouth as he beheld the man whose internal struggle was mirrored on his care-worn face: "There are always two sides to one coin," the wizard eventually said. And Aragorn had heard himself agreeing, his fingers tracing the White Tree which was engraved on the breastplate. He had chosen this after all, had he not? Fresh determination welled up in him, allowing him to forget the pain for a moment. The cave troll in the mines of Moria had not managed to kill him, this one would not either. The troll was indeed intent on taking the man´s life, therefore he pushed down as hard as possible. He could feel something shift underneath his foot, then a blinding pain flared up in his leg: the man had used a knife in the desperate attempt to free himself. The troll groaned and roared; he was unaware of the man´s friends who stared at him, almost paralyzed in horror, did not notice how the elf tried to get through the crowd of fighting parties in order to reach his friend´s side; all he knew was the pain. It made him angry and increased his determination to kill. He leaned forward, unable to hear Aragorn´s groans when the troll´s weight still increased, but taking in the man´s contorted face, grimacing in pain and the effort to fight back. Then something happened, though, causing the troll to hesitate: a subtle change in the air, almost like the silence that follows a noise which one had not even realized had been there. Confusion spread in his mind, and he felt something which he had never felt before: fear. He forgot the man, forgot the wish to kill: his instinct told him to run away, and that he did. Aragorn scrambled to his feet, breathless; his chest ached, and breathing was a relief but painful as well. He did not care about that now, however: his thoughts were with Frodo. Silently, Legolas entered the main hall of the Houses of Healing. The frantic haste which had predominated the atmosphere during the past few days had finally died down, and it was very quiet at this hour of night. The elf nodded to the Healer on watch who was sitting in a small alcove near the entrance, yet did not stop but swiftly walked down the hallway, passing the larger quarters until he reached some smaller chambers at the far end. He walked into the last one; it was dark inside, not a single lamp had been lit. Legolas´ sharp ears picked up the laborious breathing of the man who was sleeping there, but there was something else as well. His eyes quickly adjusted to the darkness, and he found his fears confirmed: next to one of the beds he made out the form of a man, slumped forward on the edge of the bed and breathing slightly raggedly. Quickly, the elf went to his side and knelt down next to him. "Aragorn," he said quietly yet with emphasis, but to no avail: the Dúnadan did not respond. Legolas reached up and gently cupped the man´s cheek with one hand: "Estel." As though his childhood name and the soft touch stirred something in him, Aragorn´s breath hitched nearly imperceptibly before he opened his eyes. He blinked: "Legolas," he sighed softly, staring rather blearily in the darkness. He could not see the elf as his eyes had not adjusted yet, and it took him a moment to gather his thoughts. "Are you well?" Legolas beheld him with a mixture of amusement and concern: "I am well," he reassured his friend. "It is you who should be lying down and resting," he added. Aragorn sighed: "I have been looking after him when I could do nothing more for the Hobbits for the time being," he said, his eyes straying to the man in the bed next to them. He was not the youngest any more, in fact Legolas was astonished to see a man well past his strongest years. His hair was grey, and he seemed frail. "He was under my command... once." Aragorn told him. "His name is Radulf. He has ever been loyal. I shouldn´t have been surprised that he rode out with us." Legolas remained silent for a while, respecting his friend´s worry about the old man. "What is ailing him?" he eventually asked. Aragorn smiled, pain evident in his features: "He is old," he answered. "The strain of the battle is taking its toll." Legolas nodded understandingly. He had learned a lot about humans, and one thing was that their bodies seemed unendingly frailer than those of the elves. That thought brought him back to Aragorn: "You look terrible," he said, repeating the words he had used in Helm´s Deep not so long ago, his eyes seeking Aragorn´s. Even in the dark he could see how tired the man looked, and there were bruises and several minor injuries visible on his face. After the host had returned to Minas Tirith, he had not allowed himself the luxury to rest, but had gone to the Houses of Healing at once, just as he had done before. And when Gwaihir and his companions had brought in the Hobbits, Aragorn had cared for them. Frodo had been so far gone by that time that Aragorn had had to use all his strength and skill to call him back to life. And now said strength was spent, it seemed, for the man´s shoulders sagged as the elf was not wont of him, and his voice was but a mere whisper. "I cannot leave him," Aragorn stated, his voice filled with sadness. "He has no family, and I fear he will not live to see another day." Legolas surmised that there was more to this, a story untold behind the obvious bond between Radulf and Aragorn, but he felt it was not the time to ask. If Aragorn wished to tell him about it, he would one day do so. "Have you at least had someone look after your own injuries?" the elf asked quietly, for he knew he would not be able to persuade his friend to go and sleep. Aragorn gave him a crooked smile: "Ioreth has been dabbing at my face every time she went past." Legolas shook his head: "A fine example it is you are setting, my friend." He got to his feet: "I will be back here in a few minutes." ~o~ When he came back, Aragorn had dozed off again but tried to pretend he hadn´t. Legolas crouched down next to him, putting a few things he had carried on the nightstand: a bowl of water, a few soft cloths, a jar with salve. The elf soaked one of the cloths in the herbal-infused water and began to dab at Aragorn´s face just as Ioreth supposedly had done, which Legolas could not quite believe; there was dried blood in the corner of Aragorn´s mouth, and he had a bloody welt across his right eye. He winced a few times at Legolas´ ministrations, but otherwise stayed still and allowed his eyes to close again. The elf cleaned the man´s face and gently applied salve on the welt. Aragorn was slumping forward once more, unable to stay quite awake. Legolas unfastened the bindings of Aragorn´s shirt and coaxed him to lift his arms. The man shivered in the cool night air, but did not complain. He was too tired, and he knew that his friend meant well. Legolas frowned at Aragorn´s chest; the cuirass had probably saved his life, but it had not protected the Dúnadan from the severe bruises he had sustained, and its edges had pressed into Aragorn´s skin when the troll had put his weight on it, leaving a number of abrasions. When the elf touched the man´s ribs, he winced; none was broken, but they were very tender. "Merely bruised," Aragorn murmured, making light of the pain he actually felt. "Your somewhat strained breathing tells me otherwise," Legolas said, not one to be fooled by someone he knew so well. Aragorn was like a brother to him, and Legolas easily recognized when he did not tell the truth. The man sighed: "It could have ended much worse. Had Frodo been but a little later..." he fell silent. With a casual tenderness which was born of