Disclaimer : Still not mine and only borrowed, rats... Author´s note : These are Special Extended Versions of the two gapfillers for all those who´d like to see some more emotions and Legolas caring for Aragorn; originally written for a friend for exactly that reason. Thank you for reading, and now: enjoy! - The first part follows Boromir´s death. -- Part 1: The Fellowship of the Ring -- Aragorn fell silent and did not speak anymore; he seemed weary beyond the physical exertion, weighed down with grief. Slowly, Legolas approached him, taking in his friend´s bloodied face and the gash on his arm, and laid his hand on Aragorn´s shoulder. To his surprise, the Ranger leaned into his grip for a moment, as if seeking support, before he straightened up again: "We cannot leave him lying here", he murmured. Legolas´ gaze dropped down on their fallen comrade; he was still bereft of words, and although he had not even been remotely close to Boromir, he felt the sadness which had been dwelling in his heart ever since Gandalf´s fall deepen considerably. When the elf finally looked back at Aragorn, their gazes met; mutual understanding passed between them even though neither of them spoke. Gimli now approached them as well, and with an awkward movement, knelt down next to Boromir´s body. It seemed to Legolas as if the dwarf had broken a spell; the world around them suddenly had voices and smells again, and after taking a deep breath, Legolas knew what to do. "We cannot linger to bury him here", he said, quietly. "More Orcs will come, and soon." Aragorn nodded; they did not have any time to spare, if they hoped to catch up with the hobbits at all. Gimli looked at the dead warrior: "What will we do if we cannot bury him?", he asked, his voice unusually quiet. "We cannot burn him either!" The elf and Ranger knew what he meant, since the smoke would give away their whereabouts too easily. "What about the sea?", Legolas inquired softly. Aragorn looked up, his eyes curious, whereas Gimli showed surprise: "The sea? We are nowhere near it, laddie!" Legolas smiled sadly: "Indeed we are not, master dwarf, but the Anduin flows into the sea. It would bear the body thither." "It seems to me that this is indeed a good solution under these circumstances, and worthy of a warrior such as Boromir", Aragorn said. Gimli nodded: "Aye", he murmured, his gaze returning to the lifeless man. Thus it was agreed; Aragorn removed the arrows which had claimed the Gondorian´s life, and, breaking them, tossed them on the ground. They carried the body to the shore; they could see Frodo and Sam, struggling to cross the river in the too big boat, and knew they would have to make haste in order not to lose the hobbits. Legolas was taking pity on them, thinking that they must have been severely frightened to flee across the water in such fashion; he was distracted from these thoughts by Aragorn, who pulled one of the boats further up on the shore and started to empty it of everything that had been left in it. Quickly comprehending what the Ranger had in mind, Legolas and Gimli went to help him. - Half an hour later, the three remaining companions stood on the shore and looked after the boat which carried Boromir´s body until it vanished over the edge of the falls of Rauros. All of them had a heavy heart, but time was pressing, and so Aragorn was the first to turn back to the shore in order to gather their belongings. He closed his eyes for a moment, as a dull, throbbing headache had set in a while ago, an ungentle reminder of the fight with the Uruk-Hai. He remembered the uncanny force behind the foul creatures punches and involuntarily shivered; he had never met such unconditional evil, such a will to maim and kill. The hobbits meanwhile had made good progress and were advancing the eastern shore, but the Ranger did not intend to follow them; he had realized that Frodo would have to face the task which lay ahead of him alone. Aragorn was not inclined to give up on Merry and Pippin, however, and thus had already decided to follow the Uruk-Hai which had captured them. While Aragorn was looking about their former resting place in order to assess which of their supplies would have to be left behind, Legolas stepped up to his friend. His keen eyes had seen the man shivering, and he was very aware of how weary his friend looked, apart from the injuries: "Aragorn", he said. "I know we shall have to make haste, but before we go, let me see to your wounds." Aragorn frowned: "´Tis nothing to worry about", he said dismissively. The elf shook his head: "It is enough to make you look savage", he replied, obviously amused. Aragorn hesitated: "We do not have the time", he insisted. Legolas´ turned serious again, and his gaze was so stern now that the Ranger could not evade him. He knew the elf well enough to know that arguing would be pointless, as Legolas could be surprisingly persistent. They stared at each other for a while longer, then, sighing, Aragorn shrugged: "Very well then, go ahead." Legolas´ face remained unmoved, but the Ranger thought he could see a glint of smugness in his eyes. "Sit down", he said, and Aragorn complied, while Legolas went to get a waterskin; he could feel every aching bone in his body, and desperately wished to rest, but knew it was impossible. He watched Legolas, who was ripping a piece of cloth apart to produce a bandage, and suddenly felt grateful to have the elf with him. Legolas knelt down in front of his friend and started to carefully wash the blood off his face: "How did this happen?", he asked, curiously. He had not seen Aragorn fighting Lurtz, and thus had no way of knowing how the Ranger had sustained a bloody nose and mouth. The man did his best not to wince when the wet cloth touched the tender skin, even though Legolas´ ministrations were very gentle, and shortly recounted what had transpired. Both their minds wandered back to Boromir at this, and they fell silent again. Aragorn´s head was feeling worse now, the dull throbbing having turned into sharp, hot pain. He closed his eyes again, trying to concentrate on warding it off, but now images of the battle kept coming back to him, and he could feel the one terrible moment when he thought the fight was over, lying on the ground and trying to find his senses, knowing that the Uruk-Hai was still there. When the dark creature had hauled him up by his sleeves as if Aragorn were a mere rag-doll, and sent him flying, the overwhelming sense of helplessness which had swept through the Ranger had triggered an unknown panic inside him. The panic, however, had helped him to get out of his half-stunned state, which had probably saved his life, because he had then managed to grab his sword and fend off the dagger. Nausea swept over him nevertheless; the blows that the Uruk-Hai had dealt him had been severe, and they were catching up with him now. Legolas paused and looked at Aragorn worriedly, noticing the man´s closed eyes and increasing paleness: "You are not well", he stated softly but in a tone which suffered no contradiction. Instead of an answer, Aragorn simply started to lean forward; alarmed, Legolas quickly moved closer to him and caught him in his arms. The Ranger rested his head against the elf´s neck: "Forgive me", he murmured. "There is nothing to forgive", Legolas soothed, protectively holding the back of Aragorn´s head with one hand while supporting his friend´s upper body with the other. "What is it, Estel?", he then asked softly. "The Uruk-Hai gave me a sound thrashing, is all", was the somewhat muffled answer. Legolas sighed in sympathy: "I dare not even think about it", he answered. "I wish we could have been with you sooner; we might have..." He broke off. He had already asked himself wether he could have saved Boromir; he knew there was no point in mulling it over again and again, but still... "No", Aragorn answered quietly, knowing perfectly well what was going on in Legolas´ mind. "There is no way you could have, Legolas, not with their superior numbers." Legolas slightly tightened his grip for an answer; he was taking unexpected comfort out of this, and allowed themselves to stay like this a while longer. "What can I do?", he finally asked. "Should we rest here for a while so you can recover?" "No", Aragorn slowly pulled away from his friend and sat up straight again: "We cannot afford to lose their tracks", he said. "I will be well; I have some Athelas in my pack, which I am sure will help to reduce my headache." Legolas nodded: "Very well", he murmured. After Legolas had also cleaned and bound a cut on Aragorn´s upper arm, they looked at each other, painfully aware that the day was far from over yet. Legolas rested his hand on Aragorn´s knee for a few seconds, as if to reassure him, and got to his feet. The Ranger got up as well: "Thank you", said, softly. Legolas assessed him and nodded, knowing that the Ranger rather meant to thank him for being there than for seeing to the wounds. "I had not expected I´d need to help you wash your face ever again", he then replied lightly, "not since you were grown-up, anyway." A smile spread on Aragorn´s tired face: "So now I am grown-up again?", he teased. "I distinctly remember you calling me a child not so long ago." Legolas could not but chuckle: "I must have had a good reason for it", he said. Aragorn inclined his head good-naturedly: "Aye", he said, equally amused. - Gimli, who had been gathering together the most necessary supplies he deemed they were to take with them while pursuing Frodo and Sam, looked at the two and smiled into his beard; whatever Legolas and Aragorn had been talking about, it seemed to have restored their spirits. The dwarf glanced over to the edge of the falls, where the boat with Boromir´s body has disappeared: he felt that this was only a beginning, and he was glad to have two such hardy companions, even if one of them was an elf. - After it was decided to follow Merry and Pippin instead of Frodo and Sam, Gimli sighed and made to unpack most of what he had collected together earlier. Legolas and Aragorn also started to prepare themselves; Legolas had just secured his bow on his back and turned to give Gimli a hand when his gaze caught Aragorn, who was swaying and stretched out his hands in order to find something to support himself. He failed, however, since there was nothing he could have held on to, and awkwardly staggered on the spot. Legolas reached him just as his knees were giving out under him, and barely caught his friend in time to prevent him from falling. He carefully eased Aragorn on the ground; the man´s eyes were closed, and his face had become even paler. He did not respond when Legolas addressed him. Gimli was by their side in an instant: "What is wrong with him?", he asked, appalled. Legolas shook his head: "He is unconscious", he murmured. "I fear that the fight with the Uruk-Hai has taken a greater toll on him than I have originally thought." Gimli knelt down next to him: "What can I do?", he asked. Legolas could not but smile gratefully: the dwarf might be stubborn at times, but he had proven very loyal to his companions. "Let us make him comfortable", he replied. "That is all we can