So um hi? It's been a while since I've updated, I'm having really busy summer. I'm hoping that when I get back to school, updates will be more regular. Well now, I have a new story, an AU actually. It's inspired by glee, and I'm loosely basing each PJO character's story after glee, so I made this list. Of course the pairings will be hard with this, so it will be what's canon in PJO, and then there's Solangelo. Disclaimer: it gets messed up really fast, all characters will be in the club together and NO I AM NOT IN POSSESION OF GLEE OR PERCY JACKSON OR ANY OF THESE SONGS also this chart will only mess you up. Percy / not dead Finn Annabeth / Slightly less obnoxious Rachel Thalia / not romantic Tina Grover / Artie. I swear this was the most obvious Clarisse / more violent Mercedes Nico / EMO!Kurt Silena / Brittany / Kitty Beckendorf / Puck / Matt Reyna / queen Santana Jason / Blaine / Ryder Piper / not pregnant Quinn / Marley Will / Hey I kinda shipped Kurt / Sam so let's go with that Leo / Jake / Puck Frank / Mason Hazel / Jane Octavian / Hunter / Clint Luke / Jesse / Sebastian Paul / Mr. Schue Sally / Emma Zeus / SUE!1!1!1!1!1!1! Walking into the halls of Goode high at the start of the new school year felt for amazing, for 37 seconds that is. That's when Percy Jackson slushied, Annabeth Chase, president of the debate club, math team, and active member of the human rights club, glee club, and still manage to achieve straight A's. Why would Perseus slushy someone as talented as her, you're probably asking. Well, people say boys tease you because they like you, but she knows that's not true. He did it for a cheap laugh, and to impress whatever girl he likes this week. On my way to her homeroom, Annabeth noticed that she wasn't the only victim of Perseus and his friends. Leo was just having his phone confiscated for filming Connor slushy an innocent freshman. The freshman, Hazel Levesque, obviously wasn't used to getting slushied, you could tell by her shivers and the fact that she was crying. Being the model citizen that she was, Annabeth walked up to her. "Hey, it's okay," She assured Hazel.. "Thanks," Hazel said, "I'm new here, could you tell me where the bathroom is," Annabeth promptly took Hazel to the girls's restroom. She even helped her get the sticky, freezing, artificial, red substance out of her hair, and showed her some tips. "I'm sorry Percy and his gang got to you so quickly," Annabeth apologized. "They usually are a little more," she paused. Was she going to lie to Hazel, make her feel better about her time here at Goode? Or was she just going to tell her the truth, and be thanked later. The latter sounded better to Annabeth, "Well this is exactly the thing that they do. They pick on anyone who looks like a loser, or a freak or something, and they target them. It doesn't stop at slushies, they also will egg you, they even through this one kid, Nico, into a dumpster." Hazel finished fixing her hair, "Oh I know Nico, he's my half brother- dad's side," she sighed. "I was hoping that Nico was exaggerating, but I was wrong," Annabeth was paying attention, but also staring at Hazel, trying to notice the features that they shared. "What are you staring at?" Hazel asked, concerned. "Oh, nothing," Annabeth said. She changed the topic, "So, any clubs you're thinking about joining?" She asked. "Well um, glee club sounds fun," Hazel admitted, "but I don't want to get anymore unpopular," she admitted, shyly. "According to Nico, it's basically social suicide, and I am just not ready for that, you know, I kinda want at least a week before the bullying starts, these people can be brutal." "Hey," Annabeth said, "don't do that to yourself. Sure the bullies may be bad, but you are above them, keep your head up high, and don't listen to a word they say. Ms. Jackson, the guidance counselor, can help you with that and I promise-" Annabeth's speech was up cut off by Hazel leaving the bathroom, and slamming the door. Reyna, one of the popular girls at Goode, was drying her hands near Annabeth, and had definitely heard her speech, turned to Annabeth and said, "Chase, I hope you know how much you sound like a cat poster." Annabeth looked at Reyna like "that's it". Reyna purposely bumped into Annabeth on her way out, "Not even a loser freshman can stand to be around you," As she cleaned herself up, Annabeth realized that this was not going to be like last year. She was going to stand up for herself. She was going to make a difference. Due to the slushy incident, Annabeth was almost late (read: on time) to class. Her signature front and center seat had yet to be taken, but as she sat down, Grover Underwood, one of her strongest academic rivals sat next to her. Or, tried to. Annabeth got up to help him move the desk, so it fit with his wheelchair. "Thanks," he said. "And it's good to see you again," It was no secret that Grover meant that. He was one of the few genuinely nice people at Goode high. "Good or see you too, Grover. I look forwards to seeing you in glee club this year," secretly, Annabeth was hoping that he didn't audition. Last year, they were two of six people in glee club, and since three had graduated, and one had transferred, well, they could look forwards to fighting over solos. "You too," Grover said, "Hopefully this year, we can get enough people to compete," the shared a laugh at that- like they could get ten more people in the glee club- but Annabeth was hoping that there would be, a national show-choir championship would look great on her resume, especially if she did chose to go with performing arts. If not, well it's just another club, which couldn't hurt. "I talked to a freshman earlier, she seemed interested," Annabeth replied. "though she was under the impression that it wasn't cool. I was thinking, if we could get some popular people in the club it wouldn't be so lame," she made air quotes around those words, as if they weren't true. "Well I don't think you'll have a problem with that," Mr. Blofis said. He was the advisor for the glee club, and was quote popular with the students. "I'm forcing Percy to join." Instantly, the constant chatter of the classroom fell silent. "Seriously Paul?" Percy complained, "you had to tell everyone ? I don't even have time to join, football season, remember?" He looked like nothing worse could have possibly happened to him. "Well with that broken wrist of yours, you won't be able to play, and that's not going to heal for at least a month and a half." Mr. Blofis said. "Coach Phillips will have to understand that. Meanwhile, you can be an active member of glee club," Percy was very annoyed. "Besides, you love singing!" Mr. Blofis said. With that Percy stormed out of the room. "With all due respect, Mr. Blofis, I think that Percy isn't fit for, glee club." Annabeth said. "Well you don't know Percy." Mr. Blofis responded, just as the bell rang, "All right class of 2018! Who's ready to kick some butt this year!" In Mr. Blofis' defense, glee club was cool when he was a student, but times have changed. Now, singing and dancing are too commonly associated with homosexuality, which, in his opinion is not a bad thing. Well homosexuality is not a bad thing, associating performing arts with it is. At the end of the school day he checked the sign up sheet. A whopping total of seven, well six. He was pretty sure that Seymour Butts was not a Goode high student. There was Annabeth, and Grover, as well as Percy, and two others; Piper McLean, Clarisse LaRue, and, surprisingly, Nico di Angelo. Later that day, Annabeth was the first to audition, she sang a song from her favorite musical, Wicked. Something has changed within me Something is not the same I'm through with playing by the rules Of someone else's game Too late for second-guessing Too late to go back to sleep It's time to trust my instincts Close my eyes and leap! It's time to try Defying gravity I think I'll try Defying gravity Kiss me goodbye I'm defying gravity And you won't bring me down I'm through accepting limits 'Cause someone says they're so Some things I cannot change But 'til I try, I'll never know! Too long I've been afraid of Losing love I guess I've lost Well, if that's love It comes at much too high a cost! I'd sooner buy Defying gravity Kiss me goodbye I'm defying gravity I think I'll try Defying gravity And you won't bring me down Unlimited (unlimited) My future is (future is) unlimited (unlimited) And I've just had a vision Almost like a prophecy I know it sounds truly crazy And true, the vision's hazy But I swear, someday I'll be... Flying so high! (defying gravity) Kiss me goodbye! (defying gravity) So if you care to find me Look to the western sky! As someone told me lately, "Everyone deserves the chance to fly!" I'm defying gravity! And you won't bring me down, bring me down, bring me down! Ah Aaaaah Even after seeng all the auditions, Annabeth's was his favorite. She performed the same song last year, but she improved so much. Next up was Clarisse, one of his English students. She wore her stringy brown hair in a bandana and marched right on stage before she was even called. "Hi. I'm Clarisse LaRue and I'll be singing Fighter by Christina Auguilera," Mr. Blofis was surprised, that was a song he hadn't heard before, but sure, okay. After all you put me through, You think I'd despise you, But in the end I wanna thank you, 'Cause you've made me that much stronger Well I, I thought I knew you, thinkin' that you were true Guess I, I couldn't trust called your bluff time is up 'Cause I've had enough You were there by my side, always down for the ride But your joy ride just came down in flames 'cause your greed sold me out in shame After all of the stealing and cheating you probably think that I hold resentment for you But uh uh, oh no, you're wrong 'Cause if it wasn't for all that you tried to do, I wouldn't know Just how capable I am to pull through So I wanna say thank you 'Cause it Makes me that much stronger Makes me work a little bit harder It makes me that much wiser So thanks for making me a fighter Made me learn a little bit faster Made my skin a little bit thicker Makes me that much smarter So thanks for making me a fighter Never saw it coming, all of your backstabbing Just so you could cash in on a good thing before I'd realize your game I heard you're going round playing the victim now But don't even begin feeling I'm the one to blame 'Cause you dug your own grave After all of the fights and the lies 'cause you're wanting to haunt me But that won't work anymore, no more, It's over 'Cause if it wasn't for all of your torture I wouldn't know how to be this way now and never back down So I wanna say thank you 'Cause it How could this man I thought I knew Turn out to be unjust so cruel Could only see the good in you Pretended not to see the