" It's so hard to pretend to be friends with someone special, when every time you look at that person, all you see is everything you want to have." Annabeth was honestly surprised Percy wasn't fat. She poured yet another round of batter into the already dirtied bowl. One batch of blue cookies had already been shoved in the oven where they would be soon taken out and swallowed entirely by Percy, who was the main reason they were making two batches. Sally needed some for a work baby shower coming up and instead of making his mom do all of the work, Percy invited Annabeth over to help him bake the cookies which was indescribably sweet in Annabeth's book. "Annabeth!" Said boy called from the cabinets he was digging in. "I can't find the second bag of sugar!" Annabeth sighed and wiped her hands on her old and ripped blue jeans before retreating to the cabinets Percy was desperately looking in. He probably just overlooked the ingredient. He always did. He moved over as she took a look inside the space and just as she expected, the blue bag sat straight ahead of the both of them. Annabeth looked up at him, smirked, and pointed to the sack proudly. Basically any event was a bragging token she acquired. "And that is why you're here Wise Girl." Percy scratched the back of his neck sheepishly, which he always did no matter how many times he was oblivious to objects, and grabbed it off the shelf. "Seaweed Brain." Annabeth mumbled, trying to tone down the blush that always appeared on her cheeks when he used the nickname she'd gained when she was nine. So much for acting like you weren't totally crushing on your best friend. It started when she turned twelve. They had begged and begged Sally to take them down to the ice skating rink one winter, of course forgetting that they didn't know how to skate in the first place. Percy and Annabeth had grasped at each other's hands for at least half an hour before they had somewhat gotten the hang of it. Right when they were about to stop gripping onto each other, Percy chose that exact moment to fall, dragging Annabeth down with him in the process. She was angry at first. The impact had taken all the air out of her lungs and she didn't exactly favor the feeling, but when she looked over at Percy, the breath that she had so little of caught in her throat. The way his cheeks had tinted a light pink. How his eyes were wide with shock. That was the moment where she finally began to look at him as a potential boyfriend and her feelings only grew from there. Now, here they were six years later, still best friends. Nothing had advanced in the large space of time. Percy dropped the bag down beside the large glass bowl of flour and opened it for her, moving away quickly before he knocked something over. Annabeth had learned that Percy was incredibly clumsy when it came to cooking . If there was anything that could be knocked over in his vicinity, there was a guarantee that it would be spilled across the counter in less than ten minutes. So, he had become Annabeth's little servant, bringing her materials when she needed them and occasionally swiping his finger in the blue colored dough. She'd glared at him the first few times but soon stopped after seeing it did nothing to stop his appetite for the blue food. She could feel Percy's presence behind her as she steadily stirred the ingredients into the bowl. It was making her cheeks heat up. Just knowing he was watching every movement she made, it made her itch. Annabeth was intimidating. All of the people who knew her had engraved the fact into their brains. But Percy was different. He could bring her down by just looking into her eyes. And that was nothing compared to the baby seal eyes he had perfected over the years. Those could absolutely bring her down. But he of course wasn't aware of that. Annabeth didn't know how she managed it, but she had begun to hum a song absentmindedly. She had recently discovered and admired it, the biggest reason being because she could partially relate to it. Falling in love with your best friend? Check. "What song are you humming?" Percy asked from behind her, his breath tickling her exposed neck. She held back a shiver at the sensation, She hesitantly answered. " Best Friend by Jason Chen. Why?" Did he know the song? God, he wouldn't get suspicious if he did would he? As much as Annabeth would love to be with Percy, if he didn't look at her the way she hoped he did, she didn't want to ruin the perfect relationship they already had. It would definitely take some time, but she could get over Percy eventually and find someone. "Oh yeah." He breathed from behind her. "I know that song." Annabeth's heart rate picked up a bit but she otherwise stayed silent. Percy didn't say anything else, which was incredibly odd to Annabeth, until he started humming the exact tune she had been moments before. And then, to Annabeth's utter amazement, he started to sing. Do you remember when I said I'd always be there. Ever since we were ten baby, When we were out on the playground playing pretend. I didn't know it back then Annabeth turned around and cocked a curious eyebrow at him. She'd heard him sing a few times before, but never had he blatantly just started singing out of the blue. He was good, that much was obvious, but Annabeth wondered what forces had made him choose this song. Now I realize you were the only one It's never too late to show it. Grow old together Have feelings we before Back when we were so innocent Percy stopped as the third verse began, standing in front of her with his hand outheld. Annabeth chuckled and rolled her eyes at him, but took the hand nonetheless, trying to tone down her rapidly advancing blush. I pray for all your love Girl our love is unreal, I just wanna reach and touch you, squeeze you, somebody pinch me This is something like a movie And I don't know how it ends girl But I fell in love with my best friend Annabeth's heart was beating harder in her chest as he continued to sing while he twirled her around the kitchen. It would've been fun had she not been suffocating from the butterflies swarming her stomach. Through all the dudes that came by And all the nights that you'd cry. Girl, I was there right by your side. How could I tell you I loved you When you were so happy With some other guy? She thought about Luke as he swayed her through the kitchen. In a sudden and determined attempt to get over Percy, Annabeth had dated Luke Castellan. He was a nice and sweet guy, but no matter how much he tried to care for her, her heart wouldn't forget Percy. When she'd broken up with him, Percy had brought her every single comfort food known to man and watched Finding Nemo with her until he could get her to smile with a single joke. He was just too loyal for his own good. Now I realize you were the only one It's never too late to show it. Grow old together Have feelings we before Back when we were so innocent Confusion began to slowly creep into her system as Percy clumsily twirled her once again. What did him singing this song mean? Was it just some form of entertainment or actually real feelings? I pray for all your love Girl our love is unreal, I just wanna reach and touch you, squeeze you, somebody pinch me This is something like a movie And I don't know how it ends girl But I fell in love with my best friend Annabeth could feel herself smiling uncontrollably on the outside, but on the inside the need to know what was going through his mind was eating away at her. I know it sounds crazy That's you'd be my baby. Girl, you mean that much to me And nothing compares when We're lighter than air and We don't wanna come back down. And I don't wanna ruin what we have Love is so unpredictable He looked straight at her as he sang the lines impeccably and her grey eyes widened. Was he serious? But it's the risk that I'm taking, hoping praying You'd fall in love with your best friend She already had. I pray for all your love Girl our love is unreal, I just wanna reach and touch you, squeeze you, somebody pinch me This is something like a movie And I don't know how it ends girl But I fell in love with my best friend I pray for all your love Girl our love is unreal, I just wanna reach and touch you, squeeze you, somebody pinch me This is something like a movie And I don't know how it ends girl But I fell in love with my best friend I remember when I said I'd always be there Ever since we were ten baby. He twirled her once more until they finally stood still in the middle of the kitchen. Annabeth was at a slight loss of air. Whether it was from the way Percy's words vibrated through her head or the dancing she didn't know. Was that a confession? "I fell in love with my best friend." Percy leaned toward her and she was too shocked to say anything in response. So it was a confession? He did like her? How long had they spent hiding their feelings? Just as his lips were about to touch hers, a ding rang through the apartment, startling both of them. Annabeth sighed. She should've known her luck would've done something like this to her. She began to pull away, untangling her hands from Percy's neck and separating sadly from his warm body heat. "No." He said as he gently grabbed her forearms. She was pulled back up to his chest, her heart almost beating out of her own as she looked up into his eyes. She swore they had never been more beautiful than they were at that moment. The perfect amount of green and blue splattered against the iris to create a magnificent painting; one she never wanted to get rid of. "The cookies can wait." He told her without batting an eye. She would've raised an eyebrow had she not been rooted to the spot by her slowly liquefying body. It was completely out of character for Percy to wait for cookies. Never in her life had she heard him say those words. Usually, right out of the oven, he would jump on them, devouring every single one until there was nothing but small blue stains where they were previously held. He began leaning in once again and her breath hitched. Was he actually going to kiss her? Or was this some weird joke he had come up with? She would have no excuse not to murder him if this was a joke. She would be absolutely infuriated if that was the case. Then he leaned in closer and suddenly, his lips were on hers and her mind went haywire as she entered the world of Percy Jackson. His lips were soft as they moved against hers and she had to hold back a moan of satisfaction at the feeling. They tasted slightly salty and she found herself entangling her hands into his black hair and pulling him impossibly closer. Her twelve year-old self had gone over this moment thousands of times in the nights when she couldn't get to sleep