At precisely 3:17 PM, a dark-haired teenager walks into the Beth Israel Medical Clinic in New York City and made his way to the nurses' station. He's dressed in all black—saggy black jeans, a black t shirt with a faded band logo, and a black leather jacket. He carries a dark gray backpack and has a silver skull ring on one finger. The nurse at the station looks up at his approach and winces a little. "Back so soon?" she asks, falsely cheerful. The boy shrugs. "Can I see him?" he asks. There's no emotion, no inflection. He sounds hollow. The nurse sighs and nods. She slides a visitor's badge across the counter. "I printed one up for you ahead of time. Go on back." The boy tries to smile, but grimaces instead. He grabs the badge, pins it to his shirt, and heads towards the elevator. As he leaves, the nurse drops her fake smile and turns to the other nurse. "Poor kid," she says. "What do you mean?" the other nurse asks. She's very new; it's only her second shift. The older nurse is supposed to train her today. "He comes in every day to visit his boyfriend," the older nurse shared. "Boyfriend's been in a coma for almost a month, and the doctors say that he probably won't make it. They haven't told him yet because he's not family. They're really only authorized to say something once he's dead." "Oh my god, that's terrible!" the new nurse says. "What happened?" The older nurse takes a moment to glance around and make sure nobody is coming. "Car accident. Some big rig lost control merging onto the highway, ended up t-boning him at sixty miles an hour. The car flipped three times and crashed into the median." The new nurse's eyes widen as she imagines what a person might look like after such a crash. What it must be like for family and friends. "Oh my god," she says again. "No wonder he looks so broken." The boy in room 331, a doctor notes, is not improving. Looking through the window into the room, she wonders if there's any hope left. From her window, she can see the multitude of tubes and wires coming out of him. His blond hair had been partially shaved to treat a nasty head laceration from the steering wheel, but it's now just long enough to flop over the stitches. He's hooked up to a ventilator and a heart monitor and an IV, so any number of wires and tubes are coming out of his fingers and his hands and his throat. The dark-haired boy is sitting in there again. The doctor's never seen the patient's father, but the dark-haired boy shows up every day and stays for as long as he can. He isn't very talkative, he rarely says anything. He knows that they can't tell him what he needs to hear, so he doesn't bother asking. Sometimes, when she's walking past and she glances into room 331, she can see the boy bent over clasped hands, praying that the comatose boy might show even the slightest improvements. She likes to imagine that he's offering some sort of trade—his life for his friend's or something similarly dramatic—but she really has no idea. Poor boy, she thinks as she continues onto her other patients. He's only seventeen, and he'll never see eighteen. "I always found it funny that your father was the god of the Underworld instead of mine." Nico di Angelo looks up to see the god Apollo standing in the middle of the hospital room. "Why's that?" he asks dully. "Your father's Fields of Punishment—nothing compared to what mine does." For the first time, Apollo doesn't look like a teenage surf boy. He's wearing a lab coat and scrubs, looking for all the world like a young doctor on his break. He sits heavily in the chair next to Nico and they both stare silently at the boy they love. "Why don't you save him?" Nico asks. "He's your son , you have to do something!" He hasn't cried since he heard about the accident, when he first saw Will unmoving on the bed with those damned tubes everywhere, but his eyes are watering now. Apollo doesn't acknowledge Nico's question. "After all, your father would never dream of punishing someone by forcing them to watch their son slowly die, would he?" "What?" Will Solace is just one of many mortals caught between the gods. He's dying because of the sins of his father and the vengeance of his grandfather and his death will mean nothing. The greatest healer in a century, and he's dying because Zeus is unhappy. Apollo nods. "For my prophecies. For my role in the war. I'm forbidden from interfering." Nico makes a sound that resembles a sob. In that moment, Apollo sees Nico di Angelo not as the hero of Olympus, slayer of dozens of monsters and survivor of Tartarus, but as a seventeen-year-old nine and a half months away from voting. A seventeen-year-old boy worried about his first real boyfriend, terrified of facing his death, knowing that he can't do anything to save him. "It isn't fair," Nico protests, as if his words might convince Zeus himself. "The war ended two years ago." "It isn't fair," Apollo agrees. "It's Greek." No hero in the world gets a happy ending, that's what they don't tell you. Phaethon and Asclepius were blasted to pieces. Orpheus was ripped apart. Troilius was stabbed. And Will Solace will die choking around his breathing tube as the sound of the ventilator drowns out the persistent beating of the heart monitor while his father looks on. Will doesn't remember the accident. He remembers lots of things—he remembers his father is a god, though he isn't sure which; he remembers that his boyfriend bends shadows and his brothers bend light; and he remembers that he once upon a time was a doctor—but he can't remember the accident itself. He knows that he was in a car crash because Morpheus tells him this every time he visits. Morpheus brings good dreams, happy dreams, dreams about beaches and sunshine and kissing his shadow-boyfriend. But Morpheus also brings sad truths: his name is Will Solace, he was in a car accident and now he's in a coma, and he'll die. Will knows Morpheus is telling the truth because once upon a time Will was a doctor and doctors have to know when dead is coming. Dead isn't so bad, probably. Dead probably doesn't hurt the way this in-between stage hurts. His brothers are dead, and they've never complained about it. Morpheus returns. He isn't gray so much as colorless, Will notices. His edges fade away into the background until the only features Will can make out are his deep black eyes filled with sadness. Morpheus's heart breaks upon seeing the fading mind of this once-bright boy. Gods like Athena and Hermes and Apollo like to think they know mortals best, but the truth is Morpheus knows their dreams better than anyone. He is their dreams. He never wanted respect or acknowledgment or sacrifices, that's not why he joined the Titans. He joins the Titans because the gods are cruel and they break and torment those who love them best to serve their own jealous whims. Sleep is safe. Dreams are safe. Nothing can hurt you in a dream. Nobody was safer in New York than those mortals asleep on the sidewalk, lost in dreams about loved ones and happy places. If he had the gifts of his father, he would kill the boy right now, end his suffering and the suffering of those that love him. But Morpheus doesn't have those gifts, so instead he cocoons the dying boy in dreams and memories of light and laughter and love and he curses the gods for their cruelty. Thanatos spends a lot of time in hospitals these days. It's so convenient that now mortals gather up all their sick and dying under one roof. It really lessens his commute. There are a lot of people he needs to see right now—a ninety-seven year old woman with renal failure, the man in the operating room getting heart surgery, the drug addict in the parking lot who just injected himself with enough heroin to kill a medium-sized elephant—but he stops just outside of room 331 and looks in on the comatose patient in room 331. He should have died. He should have died when his car hit the median, but at the moment he hovered between life and death, some power shoved him towards life, and he started to heal from the stomach lacerations. He should have died when he suffered cardiac arrest in the back of the ambulance, but Zeus ordered the god of Death to wait, to let them restart his heart. "Sickening, isn't it?" Thanatos turns to see his nephew, Morpheus, standing next to him. "What they're doing to him." Thanatos does not get involved in the affairs of mortals. He sees them only at the moment of their deaths, at the moment when they become truly mortal. He does not understand pain and loss. His world is black and white, life and death. This boy should be dead, but many people cheat death. Thanatos is, above all things, pragmatic. But he nods once, to appease his nephew. He will be back. His schedule tells him that in two weeks, the boy will suffer massive cardiac arrest. There will be a Do Not Resuscitate order on file, so instead his doctors will stand by and watch him die. Usually, it takes minutes for a patient to die this way, but this one is a friend of the boss's son, so it will be mercifully quick. Small blessings, he thinks as he drifts away to collect the old woman on the fifth floor and the man in the operating room and the bum in the parking lot and any number of hundreds of thousands of people all dying at the moment. Sometimes, a fast death is all you can ask for. A man in his thirties, who for all the world looks like a doctor on his day off, finds the doctor in charge of his son's case and asks about his son's options. She hesitates. This is the first time she has met Paul Solace, and she doesn't want to be the one to tell him his son is dying. "Sir, maybe you should sit—" "I'm sorry," the man says. "I know there's nothing more you can do. It would take a…it would take a miracle for him to wake up. I meant about after." The doctor nods slowly, wondering if he himself is a doctor. He seems a lot better prepared, more willing to take the news than most of the other parents she meets. "Let's go back to my office," she suggests. He follows wordlessly behind her until they reach her office. "I'm sorry I haven't met with you before today," he says. The doctor is very attractive with her black hair pinned back. Is it wrong, he wonders, to use the imminent death of his son to have sex? Probably. "I had Will when I was very young, and my family is very prominent. I've had to sneak around at odd hours to visit." She certainly looks sympathetic, but not quite at sympathy nookie. "That's fine, Mr. Solace. Now, about your son?" She might be harder than expected, and he isn't sure he wants to put in the time. Oh, well. There will be others. "Yes, of course," he says, instantly contrite. "I want to sign a DNR." She looks a little surprised, but she doesn't say anything. "It's killing me to watch him die like this, Doctor. At least if we do this, his organs can help someone else recover." The doctor wants to ask about the dark-haired boy, if he gets a say