PROLOGUE Harry Potter sat across from a young blonde girl in an almost empty diner, a half filled cup of water and a plate of French fries in front of him. The blonde snatched a French fry off of the plate and popped it into her mouth, eying Harry wearily. "Are you going to say anything, or is this just gonna be one of those awkward dates where nobody talks?" Asked Daphne Greengrass, offhandedly tossing her blonde hair over her shoulder. The date was already clearly exactly that, at this point it was just about over, anyway. The bill had already been paid, and Harry and Daphne had spoken about ten words to each other the entire time. "The Slytherin ice queen wants to talk?" Harry asked, an eyebrow raised. "How surprising!" "Contrary to popular belief, I am not silent and emotionless, nor am I a queen. Although my ravishing good looks do make me seem rather like royalty, don't they?" Daphne asked, tilting her head to the side in a questioning manner. She was pretty, Harry would give her that. And definitely quick witted, if her last comment was anything to go by. But was she actually interested? Ever since Harry had announced that he was not romantically interested in Ginny Weasley, girls had been asking him out left and right, desperate for a piece of his fame and fortune. Admittedly, Daphne had not actually asked him out. It had been a blind date, set up by a member of the DA who was apparently friends with Daphne's sister. Daphne wasn't acting nearly as desperate as those other girls had, but the Slytherin in Harry combined with the after effects of the war made him weary. "You don't seem to be particularly happy to be here," Daphne continued, when he didn't answer. "One might even go as far as to suggest that you don't want to be with me. But how ridiculous would that be?" She asked. "Everyone wants to be with me. I'm rather good looking, and intelligent as well, if I do say so myself." "Modest, too," said Harry dryly. "So you've noticed," Daphne agreed. "It's one of my best traits." After a moment of silence, she continued, "are we going to spend much longer making sarcastic quips at each other, because I have a two o'clock appointment at St. Mungo's, and being late would give a terrible impression." "What do you propose we talk about, then?" Harry asked. "Or do you just want to leave now?" "Ah, leaving the conversation choice up to the woman, Potter? I can't decide if that's smart or stupid. I suppose we could just say a little about ourselves, and hope that a less pathetic conversation topic arises out of it?" "How very cliche," Harry said. "You go first, then." "Alright," she sat up straight. "My name is Daphne Greengrass. I was born on August 10, 1980, and I was in Slytherin house at Hogwarts, although I now wish I was in Ravenclaw. My nickname is the ice queen, although you may feel free to come up with a different one. In fact, I urge you to do so. Something to do with cats would be nice, I think. Anyway, I have a sister named Astoria who's ten months younger than me. My favorite color is bronze, and I have a job interview at St. Mungo's later today to be an assistant healer. Your turn." "My name is Harry Potter, although I should hope you know that by now, seeing as my face has been on the last thirty editions of the Daily Prophet. I was born July 31, 1980, and I was in Gryffindor house. My nickname is the boy who lived, although I'm not quite sure that counts. If we're giving each other nicknames, perhaps you could come up with something along the lines of ultimate superhero king of the world. It sounds much more impressive than the boy who lived. I believe I shall call you Kitten, as you're far too small to be a cat. I'm an only child, my favorite color is blue, and I want to be a curse breaker, although I probably won't be because I'm expected to become an auror." "While ultimate superhero king of the world is a fine choice for a nickname, it's a tad bit long. I think I'll call you Superman instead," Daphne decided. "How creative," Harry said, dipping a French fry in some ketchup. "Your knowledge of muggle comics is surprising." "Not all Slytherins are pure blood fanatics," Daphne said, defensively. "And I already told you, I'd rather have been in Ravenclaw." "My apologies," Harry murmured, swirling his French fry around in the ketchup. "It was rude of me to assume." "Yes it was," agreed Daphne. "Now, as splendid as this conversation is going, I should be heading off to St. Mungo's now for my job interview." "Good luck, Daphne. Believe it or not, I think you've given me quite a bit to think about." "Of course I have," she said haughtily. "My superior mind leaves many to try and make sense of the things I've said weeks after I've said them. And thank you for wishing me luck, Superman, not that I'll need it. Who would pass up the opportunity of having me work for them?" "Your arrogance astounds me," he got to his feet, and they made their way towards the door. "I'm not arrogant, I'm confident." "There really isn't much of a difference, as far as I'm concerned." "This date was a complete disaster," Daphne stated, as Harry opened the door for her. "I've had a better time with some of the girls who are after me only for my fame," he agreed. "Perhaps a redemption date?" "I don't give redemption dates. But I wouldn't leave if I ran into you at the Three Broomsticks on Friday at noon." "Now that you mention it, I believe it's been quite a while since I've been there. I think lunch on Friday sounds like an excellent idea. I think I may even sit at a table for two in hopes of an arrogant young Slytherin queen sitting across from me." "The chance of you running into one of those are slim, but a modest, beautiful young girl who happened to be in Slytherin, on the other hand- I'd say your chances of running into a girl like that are rather high." "I'll see you on Friday, then?" He asked. "It's a completely accidental and not at all planned out date," Daphne agreed, apparating away with a pop. Harry smiled slightly, staring at the spot in the snow where she had just been. Daphne Greengrass really was something else. "That could have gone better," Daphne said, sitting down on the couch at the Potter villa. Harry had discovered the property about a month ago during a visit to Gringotts, upon which he had also discovered the fact that Dumbledore had made him a fake will, and had been a witness to his parents' will, which clearly stated that he was not supposed to go to the Dursleys under any circumstances. This revelation had hit Harry hard, but Daphne had been there for him the whole time. Daphne, who he had been dating for almost six months, practically lived at the villa. Despite their relationship's rocky start, it was now moving along rather fast, and Daphne had just met with the Weasleys. Bill and Charlie had been tense throughout the whole meeting, mostly ignoring them. They had been distant with the rest of the family since George killed himself two summers after the battle of Hogwarts. Fred's loss had been too much for him to bear. Percy had been kind enough, and Ginny hadn't paid much attention. Harry wasn't too offended. Ginny hadn't really been paying much attention to anything, recently. Arthur had been happy for them, opting to spend a majority of their meeting asking what exactly a Superman was, a discussion prompted by Daphne's nickname for Harry. Molly and Ron had been awful. The two people Harry had expected to support him the most had been terribly disappointed in Harry's choice of girls, and spent the whole meeting screaming about how evil Daphne was. A meeting at Gringotts the next day would show that they had been every bit as involved with Harry's awful childhood as Dumbledore had. "Perhaps our meeting with your parents next week will be a bit better," he said. "Perhaps," Daphne agreed. At this point, they could only pray. "Stop fidgeting," Daphne snapped through their newly discovered soul bond. "Your going to give an awful first impression if you can't even sit still through the dinner." Harry scowled slightly. They had been standing outside the front door to Greengrass manor for almost ten minutes now. "Can we go in yet?" Daphne asked aloud. "Father doesn't like it when guests are late." "Right," Harry murmured. "Do we knock on the door, or-" "Oh, Merlin's beard, Harry! Just come in," Daphne threw the door open and dragged Harry inside, slamming it shut behind her. "Daphne, darling?" A man's voice called. "Is that you?" "Yes, Dad," she replied. "It's Harry and I." A short woman with dark hair and sparkling blue eyes appeared in the doorway. "Daphne, honey. You're finally here. Oh, it's been forever since you last visited. And is this the boyfriend?" "Yes, mum, this is Harry." Nora Greengrass opened her mouth to respond, but was interrupted by a dark haired cannonball shooting through the doorway and straight into Daphne's arms. "Daphne!" Exclaimed Astoria Greengrass. The younger Greengrass sister was even shorter than Daphne, at just under five feet. She was a carbon copy of her mother, with the same blue eyes as Daphne. "So it did work out with Harry! I told you it would; Sophie may be quiet but she's a matchmaking genius! Oh, you look so cute together! Can I be the maid of honor at your wedding?" "Slow down, Tori!" Daphne exclaimed. "We're not getting married." "I should hope not," said a voice from the doorway. "I haven't even met the young man yet." Daphne smiled. "Dad, this is Harry Potter." "A pleasure to meet you, Harry. I've heard much about you." "A pleasure to meet you too, sir." "Oh, none of those formalities. Call me Cyrus." "Of course, si- Cyrus." Cyrus Greengrass smiled. It seemed almost sinister, but Harry forced the thought aside. This was Daphne's father, he wasn't sinister or evil. And perhaps he wasn't either of those, but he most definitely wasn't good. Later on, Harry would only wish he hadn't learned that the way he did. "If Daphne marries the Potter boy, our family could be forced to forfeit it's status as gray," Cyrus Greengrass said. Harry, Daphne, and Astoria listened from their spot behind the kitchen door. "What do you propose we do, then?" Nora asked. "Kill the boy, drug them both? They're clearly in love, there's nothing we can do to change that!" "Ah, but there might be. I know a potion-" "Cyrus, no," Nora hissed. "What if the potion goes wrong? What's the harm of Daphne marrying the Potter boy anyway? It'll double the family fortune." "But we'll have to become light. We can't risk that." "And I suppose this potion will just magically make them fall out of love, then?" "It should. The potion hasn't exactly been tested. Their saying an early death is a possible side effect, but it's really not all that important-" "Not important?" Shrieked Astoria, flinging the door open and standing face to face with her father. "You call death unimportant?" "It's nothing major Astoria. It's necessary for the safety of the family." "Everything's for the safety of the family!" Astoria exclaimed. "This family consists of a bunch of cowards! Who cares if we have to join a side? Would you really kill someone over something so stupid?" "I will not have my daughter speak to me like