Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot. You've never seen a Halloween party quite like the one at Camp Half-Blood. The campers just take it way too seriously, and they have magical items to help them in their costumes. In short, if they were to compete with mortals in a contest, it would be totally unfair. The Hecate Cabin got an increase in demands whenever that time of the year rolled around, with demigods begging for this or that potion, maybe a spell or two. The half-bloods got pretty creative, dressing up as ancient heroes, monsters, TV and movie references or the Halloween classics. This year every holiday was a little bit more festive, since it completed five years since Gaea's defeat. Everyone was bringing their A-game, and the Aphrodite Cabin was even hosting a Best Costume contest. A few campers from other cabins had joined the jury, so that not only "pretty" costumes got awarded. Percy liked Halloween. When he was a kid he never was allowed to go trick or treating, and now he knew why. After all, a stumbling demigod wandering alone at night? Monster food for sure. His mother always helped him dress up though, and she always brought home from work enough candy to satisfy his sweet tooth. Then they would spend the night watching movies on the couch, snacking on the sweets. This year he and Jason had made a deal to go as superheroes. They had debated going for the ones with similar powers (i.e. Jason going as Thor and Percy as Aquaman) but they discarded the idea. For one thing the son of Jupiter was still too clean shaven to pull of that outfit, and he refused to wear a wig. Percy, on the other hand, didn't really feel comfortable with the bright colored spandex. So in the end they agreed the blonde would go as Captain America and he would go as Loki. Not a superhero, but still awesome. He was finishing up his costume, very satisfied with how it turned out. Jason poked his head into the room, all decked out already, and said: "Come on, princess, or we'll be late!" The decoration, courtesy of the Hecate and Hephaestus cabins, was impressive. A mysterious mist swirled low on the ground, while dead trees sprouted up every now and then. The illumination was provided by candles and the flames under cauldrons full of delicious soups. Tables with other types of food and drink (not all non-alcoholic) were scattered around, as well as a few comfy looking couches for people to sit down and chat. In a corner there was a barrel for apple bobbing and similar holiday games were being held at random points. Near the lake was a stage, presumably for announcing the winner of the contest later on. The Aphrodite Cabin had also set up an Emergency Powder Room, should anyone need to touch up their makeup or costume. Percy grabbed a bowl of pumpkin and cheese soup and began eating contently. "You have soup all over your chin, Seaweed Brain" came an amused voice from behind him. "Annabeth!" he greeted "Nice costume. Who are you?" She rolled her eyes, like it should be obvious, before answering "I'm Marie Antoinette, wife of King Louis XVI. They were both beheaded by their people, in 1793, when France was going through a very tough time politically and economically." "Right. Slipped my mind, sorry." She smiled at him and punched him in the arm lightly. "How are you doing?" she asked. "I'm doing good." he answered truthfully "How about you?" They had broken up three months ago, and were just now tentatively trying to recover their friendship from the wreck. "I think I met someone" she said, blushing "He does architecture too." "That's nice" he said, once more being sincere "Roman or mortal?" Annabeth was pursuing her diploma in New Rome. Although mortals in their universities were rare (usually descendants from legacies) they still existed. "Roman, son of Venus" she smiled dreamily, and when Percy raised an eyebrow she huffed and said "Really, Percy, you've spent enough time with Piper to know that not all children of Love are shallow and empty headed. Don't you remember Kahale? He could snap you in two with little effort." "That proves your point of physical strength, not brains" he teased, not contesting her point. "Oh, shut it." she answered playfully. "Good luck with that" he said, putting his now empty bowl (and taking a napkin) on the table. "Thanks. I'll see you around. I'm so winning the contest. The lace on this dress was woven using the technique the French used in the eighteenth century!" he laughed and walked away, still chuckling over her competitiveness. He saw Nico talking to Jason, gesticulating wildly, a small smile on his face. He was dressed in a typical vampire outfit, complete with a cape with red lining and bloodred lips. "Hey there, Nico! Nice costume!" he greeted, and noted sadly how his smile vanished and his hands stopped moving, dropping lifelessly to his sides. "Thanks" he muttered. "Although I have to say you'll be one of the few vampires here, people don't appreciate the classics anymore." he went on. "Back in my day we dressed up like this. A few people tried to be original and dress like Mr. Chaplin but we stuck to regular monsters." he shrugged. Jason laughed and poked the son of Hades' shoulder, saying: "You sound like an old man." "I am an old man. Freshly tuned eighty nine. I could retire." he replied, the small smile returning to his crimson lips. "You don't even have a job, lazy bum" the blonde mumbled. "I don't need a job, I'm an elderly citizen" "Then your elderly liver probably won't be able to take on all the vodka you want to drink." he teased. "Nope. Got a liver of steel, Grace. Mine doesn't wimp out like yours, Italian blood and all." "Aren't you underage?" Percy inquired, raising an eyebrow. "What part of I'm eighty nine don't you understand?" when Percy's eyebrow remained raised, the son of Hades rolled his eyes and tried again "I'm nineteen, that's pretty close to twenty one. And in Italy we can drink when we're eighteen, so I am respecting my heritage" he answered, and the son of Poseidon couldn't help but laugh. "Can't argue with that logic" A few hours later the buzz had died down. The contest had already been judged (Annabeth did win on the category Historical Accuracy) and everyone was in various states of intoxication. The couples had wandered off to empty rooms, quiet corners, anywhere they might get some privacy. The music had mellowed out, as if it could sense the mood. Considering the sound system was a gift from Apollo, it probably could. Percy didn't really have anyone to sneak off with, so he simply wandered the grounds with a half finished glass of coke. He never did like the taste of alcohol, and it made his tongue feel like sandpaper. The elaborate headpiece he wore to impersonate the Nordic God of Mischief was hurting his neck, so he put it away in his cabin. He considered turning in for good, when he caught sight of Nico sitting on one of the couches. The son of Hades was playing with the tip of his cape, looking at it as if it contained the answer for all the mysteries in the universe. Every now and then the pale boy would smile for no reason, and Percy couldn't help but laugh a little. It seemed Nico had indeed drunk all the vodka he'd wanted. "Hey there, Nico." he greeted, sitting down next to him. The younger demigod looked up from his fascinating cape and asked, eyes wide: "Who are you?" his voice still sounded normal, but the son of Poseidon could smell all the alcohol the other had consumed. "I'm Percy" he replied patiently. "No, you're not. Percy had on pretty golden horns, and you don't. He smells like the sea, and you smell like vodka" he huffed. "I think the vodka smell is coming from you, Nico. But fine, I'm not Percy. Happy now?" he said, amused. Nico nodded sagely, as if conveying that nothing got through him, no sir. He could see trickery a mile away. A couple of minutes later, to his surprise, Nico inched a little bit closer, almost snuggling into his shoulder. Percy laughed lightly. Drunk Nico was like needy kitten, so much he had to resist the urge to ruffle his hair and scratch behind his ears. "You have a nice laugh. You kinda sound like Percy" the son of Hades said sleepily. He was definitely going to crash soon. That made him smile. "Thank you, Nico. I'd say the same, but I don't think I ever heard you laugh." The son of Hades giggled. Giggled. "I don't laugh because I'm lonely. I have Jason and Hazel and Reyna, but it isn't enough. I talk to myself a lot to make it easier, it helps" the joyful way he said something so offputting made the son of Poseidon frown, but Nico went on "Jason said I'm a little too old to have 'imaginary friends' " he huffed angrily, using air quotes for the last couple of words "They are not my imaginary friends, I know I'm talking to myself" his anger faded and he added quietly "At least they never hurt me. And they keep me company." Percy could feel his heart ache in sympathy so he suggested : "If you are feeling so lonely, get a girlfriend or something" the moment he said that Nico put two fingers over his lips, shushing him. "Shhh, it's a secret" he whispered, but it was still rather loud. "What is a secret?" he asked, intrigued. Did Nico have a girlfriend already? A secret one, perhaps? "Do you promise not to tell Percy? He will be mad if he finds out" Nico was almost asleep now, clearly out of it. "Sure, I promise I won't tell him" he assured, curiosity burning in his chest. The son of Hades smiled in gratitude then leaned forward, whispering: "I don't really like girls." Oh. Percy thought I did not see that coming. But why would he think I'd be mad about it? He asked Nico the question (changing the pronoun to "he") and that made the boy giggle again. "He would be mad because I love him" he was nodding his head, as if agreeing with himself, not noticing Percy's surprise. "Yup, I love him, I do. He is so nice, and handsome, and brave... he saved me, you know. From the manticore, from the Jar... he's a hero! But that is not why I love him so much" he shook his head, making his point " I love him because he is so loyal to his friends, even someone like me. He could've let me suffocate in the Jar, but he didn't, even after I betrayed him." He frowned, then looked up, a little bit panicked "I didn't mean to, I swear! My father lied to me" panic was replaced by sadness "I felt really bad about it, and Percy didn't trust me after that. It hurt, a lot." then he smiled again "But he forgave me, because he is nice like that. But he wouldn't be nice if I told him I loved him, nu-uh." Nico curled closer to Percy, who was still trying to get his thoughts together. He was so glad he hadn't gotten drunk, it was hard enough to process this with a clear mind. "I love him, I love him, I do." he almost sang, like a lullaby. Then he stopped and looked sad again."He doesn't love me" he said with conviction "He will never love me, and that's ok." Apparently it wasn't ok, because his dark eyes welled up with tears and he began to cry. Percy watched as the tears