Disclaimer: I don't own anything but the plot. They were in the Argo II's meeting/dining room. The war had been over for quite a while, and they were returning from a special quest: rescuing Calypso. They'd been successful, of course. After all, six out of the Seven, plus Nico, had helped Leo get back to Ogygia to fulfill his oath. The astrolabe he'd gotten on his way to Greece along with the crystal he'd acquired on the island resulted in an infallible GPS system that led straight to the place that no man should be able to find twice. It was unusual to have so many demigods in one quest, but after stopping Mother Earth from rising and almost dying a couple of times in the process, they'd bonded. So when Leo proclaimed he was leaving on a self-appointed quest to the mythical island to find the daughter of Atlas, everybody else volunteered. Who knew what they'd find on the way? Everyone had been excited to aid the tinkerer on his journey, with the exception of Nico. But he knew he'd be useful, if anything as an emergency escape plan. Shadow travelling with so many would probably make him very tired, but he wasn't about to let his only sister go by herself without a backup plan. So he went with them, but that did not mean he was talkative, friendly or social at all. The only people he interacted with on a regular basis was Hazel and, oddly enough, Jason. The Ghost King was rather affectionate towards his sister, hugging her and kissing her forehead frequently. With Jason it was more like he tolerated the son of Jupiter, begrudgingly accepting his friendship and advice. The former praetor even had the added privilege of being able to criticize Nico's choice of meal, convince him to eat more and live to tell the tale. But every so often they would have a falling out and the son of Hades would pointedly ignore the spawn of Jupiter. Like right now, for instance. They hadn't really spoken in the last few weeks, and no one knew why. On that particular evening, they had just finished dinner and seemed to be content with sitting on the long picnic table style benches and talking about nothing in particular. Well, all of them but Jason, who was on the deck, standing watch. He was pretty much over his breakup with Piper: they had realized that they had only really gotten together because of the fake memories Hera gave them, and they weren't comfortable with that. So they decided to end it, a couple of months after the war ended. There was also the matter of Jason's… doubts. After his encounter with Cupid, after what the god had asked him ("Do you still doubt yourself?"), the son of Jupiter began to question a lot of things, his sexuality included. He wasn't sure of anything at the moment, but Piper had been nothing but supportive. The reason she hadn't come with them for this quest was because she was out on a mission of her own, something to do with the horn of plenty and the food banks in New York. He had managed to befriend the grumpy son of Hades, although it had not been easy. Nico still feared that Jason would spill his secret to everyone, and it took him a while to accept that he was being offered genuine friendship. The former praetor had tried, many times, to talk about the Ghost King's sexuality, to make him more comfortable with it, but none of his (many) attempts were successful. And his last attempt apparently had triggered the latest silent treatment he was enduring. Back at the meeting room, Percy had his arm around Annabeth's shoulders, Hazel was resting her head on Frank's chest while Leo and Calypso stared into each other's eyes in an almost sickening "new-couple" manner. They were all cuddled up…with the exception being, once more, Nico. He had no one to cuddle with, and the one that took his fancy was…otherwise engaged. The son of Hades took notice of the situation rather quickly. He tried, for his sister's sake, to endure a few more minutes so he could pretend he was making an effort. But when Percy started trailing kisses down Annabeth's neck, he decided to call it a night. "I'm going to bed" he announced to no one in particular, doubting anyone would hear him or care about what he did. He got up and turned to leave, when someone stopped him: "Wait, Nico! Why are you going to bed so early? Stay with us for a while!" Percy pleaded. "What for? Look around you Percy, you are all taken with your significant others, and that is just fine, but there is no room for me right now. I am tired and I'm going to bed. Good night." Percy did look around and realized everyone was divided up in couples. But he didn't think it was such a big deal, so he said: "It doesn't really matter, we enjoy having you here!" he insisted "Oh, really? I suppose I really was overwhelmed with all the attention you were giving me" Nico said, voice dripping with sarcasm. That seemed to piss Percy off. His eyes hardened, and he lost his patience: "Really, attention? Is that what you want? How old are you, seriously? We were all having a good time, or so I thought, so why do you have to act like a child? You don't really let anyone get close to you, only gods know how Jason managed to do it! If you stopped pushing people away and didn't waste all of your energy being as unpleasant as possible, maybe you'd have more friends. Stop trying so hard to be an asshole, because you're not! Stop running away from people, what the hell do you have to hide?" His voice had progressively risen throughout his little speech, until he all but yelled the last phrase. It stunned everyone else in the room into silence, the son of Hades included. The last words were still echoing in his mind, bringing up so many memories he did not want to think about right now. He wasn't about to break down in front of all these people. So he wiped his face clean of emotions and replied, voice deathly quiet and devoid of any inflection. "Last time I checked, I was around eighty-seven years old. You know, due to being locked away in a magical time freezing hotel for seventy years. And thank you for reminding me that I don't really have any friends. Was that all you wanted to say, Perseus? Because I'd like to leave now." The change in demeanor was not unnoticed by the son of Poseidon. The usage of his full name did not bypass him either. In all honesty it gave him the creeps. Nico looked and sounded like his father at the moment. That sent a shiver down his spine, and he felt the ridiculous impulse to draw his sword and defend himself. Yet there was no need for that, as Nico had already turned around and left. The Ghost King didn't go to his cabin – it'd be way too easy for people to find him and pester him. He decided to go to his favorite spot on the ship, the crow's nest. Perhaps it was just as predictable as going to his room, but from up here he'd be able to see the intruder first, and that gave him the chance to step into a shadow and leave. The wind was merciless, and soon enough Nico was shivering. He hugged his jacket closer to his body, running his hands up and down his arms trying to get warm. He looked around, and upon verifying that he was indeed alone, he gave into the thoughts that he had put off earlier. He thought back to his horrid encounter with Cupid, and relived all the rotten feelings he'd had in Croatia. Shame still burned him through. What did he have to hide? He didn't want to think about it. After losing a sister and going through two wars, he'd become an expert in denial. His reasoning was quite simple: if he didn't acknowledge something for long enough, it would go away. Flawless logic, right? The wind had picked up, almost blowing him off the ship. He didn't notice, though. Percy's words had hurt him, more than the green-eyed demigod would ever realize. Tears blurred his vision, and he told himself they were caused by the harsh wind. He hugged himself tighter, closing his eyes and letting the tears fall. He had no one to hold him, no one to tell him everything would be fine. It didn't matter, he could comfort himself. He unconsciously began to softly rock back and forth in his seat, whispering reassurances to himself. Jason looked up and noticed there was something on the crow's nest. As was his duty, since he was standing watch, he flipped his golden coin and grabbed his gladius, ready for a fight. It seemed the thing hadn't noticed him yet. Good, surprise attacks were always fun, albeit short. He summoned the winds and flew until he was just behind the creature currently inhabiting the crow's nest. He raised his sword and… recognized Nico just in time to avoid skewering him. He put away his weapon and frowned. It was nearly impossible to sneak up on the son of Hades (the Stoll brothers never stopped trying, though). He looked closer, and saw the reason for his success: the boy was curled into himself, whispering something over and over again, completely distraught. He closed his eyes and listened harder, trying to make out what Nico was so insistently telling himself. He finally caught it: I'm fine, I'm fine, I'm fine… Jason felt his heart break a little for the kid. No, not kid. The son of Hades had just turned seventeen. He was pretty much a grown man. That didn't make things any better. The son of Jupiter had heard screaming coming from the dining room, but thought nothing of it. Percy had been the one screaming…what had he said to upset Nico so much? That clueless idiot! Jason wanted to punch him in the face, for all the hurt he caused without even realizing it. He forced himself to swallow his anger and focus on the demigod that stood before him. "Hey, Nico?" He said, gently. Nevertheless, Nico was startled and turned to face the flying demigod with a wild look. Tears were still streaming down his face, and he wiped at them hastily, trying to hide his situation. "What do you want, Grace?" his voice was still thick with tears, but Jason knew better than to mention it. "Hm, are you ok?" he asked, stupidly. He felt like slapping himself. What an idiotic question! He used to be a lot closer to the son of Hades, but lately they'd drifted apart. He didn't know why, simply assuming it was something he'd said. He hated the silence and awkwardness, yet had no idea how to stop it. "Just peachy. You can leave now" "No." "No?" Nico's tone was low, dangerous. Jason felt a chill go down his spine that had nothing to do with the icy wind. "No." He repeated, hiding his unease "you are obviously upset, and I want to help you. I heard Percy screaming, so what did he do this time?" the thought of the feelings the son of Poseidon stirred on the younger demigod made his stomach churn. It felt awfully similar to jealousy. Weird. He didn't use to mind Nico's… infatuation with the son of the sea god. "None of your business" "Did he find out about your crush? Did he disrespect you? Do I need to beat him up?" Nico turned a few very interesting shades of red, and after a few seconds