Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot. Nico walked further down the narrow path, cursing the tree branches that clawed at his exposed skin. There wasn't really a path per se, but he liked to think that there was. He liked to think he was making progress. He was currently in the middle of a forest in a remote part of Europe, whose name he didn't even bother finding out. The son of Hades was looking for a plant that some claimed didn't even exist. But despair had driven him to impose this quest upon himself, and he needed to find it. The Ghost King figured that the best place to search would be in the Ancient Lands, and as soon as he'd shadow travelled to the continent he felt an aura. Not the aura of a living thing, mind you, he would've been able to tell if that was the case. There was a trace of something ancient and powerful, so it certainly fit the description of what he wanted. He decided to follow it. His search (which had to be done mostly on foot or other means of transport much slower than shadow travelling, unfortunately) took him across many countries, and he cringed when he had to go through Croatia and Greece again. This was the third month of his quest. Hazel had started to IM him more frequently, as if afraid he was hurt. She was probably freaking out already, their last call had been six days ago. He decided to call her that evening. It wasn't his fault he was going so slowly, the "trail" was hard to follow. Nobody knew what he was after, and he planned on letting it stay that way. He didn't want anyone to try and change his mind. But right now the aura grew stronger. He was close, he could feel it. Literally only a few feet ahead. He quickened his pace, eager to finally achieve his goal. The forest wasn't as thick as before, Nico wasn't getting scratched anymore. Then he stepped into a clearing. He looked around, expecting to see the mythical plant, but there was only a fountain there: it was made from the purest marble, and beautifully decorated with intricate carvings. The water looked clean and refreshing, and the fountain looked deep enough for a grown man to bathe in it. Nico took a few steps forward, until he could see his reflection on the rippling water. There was no mistaking it, the aura definitely emanated from this fountain. He felt tempted to drink from it, but his years as a demigod taught him to not be so stupid if he wanted to keep living. As innocent as the white marble made it look, there was something ominous about it. He decided to leave and turned around to do so, only to slip on a rock (he could have sworn it hadn't been there before) and fall right in. Hazel was done waiting. It had been a week, a whole week since she'd contacted her brother. And she could feel it in her bones that something was wrong. He was alive, she knew that much due to her parentage, but he wasn't ok. As detached as he was he'd never gone that long without calling her. She decided to ring the alarm and form a team to go on a quest to rescue Nico. Her chosen ones were, predictably, the other Seven of the prophecy and Reyna. Chiron had said that maybe it was unnecessary to have so many half-bloods on a single rescuing quest. Hazel reasoned that if something had managed to take a son of the Big Three down, they would need backup. The centaur allowed her to do as she wished after that. They were all gathered in Cabin 13, with a map displayed on the wall that had pins showing where Nico had been to, based on the Iris Messages Hazel had gotten. They had gathered the supplies and loaded the Argo II, the only thing left to decide was the battle plan. Annabeth was going on about a catapult scheme in case the monsters were airborne when somebody knocked on the door. Jason (who was every bit as worried as Hazel) opened the door ready to scream at whoever was interrupting their meeting only to come face to face with Hades, who was holding a bundle of rags. He stood there slack-jawed for a few seconds but got over it soon enough and bowed his head in respect. "Lord Hades, to what do we owe the honor of your visit?" he asked. The other half-bloods in the room hastily got to their feet to bow to the Lord of the Underworld as well. "No need for formalities, son of Jupiter, this shall be quick. I understand that you are about to go on a search for my son." The demigods nodded, and he continued "There is no need for that. He isn't lost, he is right here." "Where?" Hazel asked "I am going to give him the scolding of his life! I was worried sick!" she started towards Hades, as if expecting her brother to be hiding behind their father. "No, Hazel, I don't think he is in any condition to listen to your scolding at the moment." "Why? Is he hurt?" "No, not really." "Then where is he?" she asked again. "Here." Hades said, handing her the bundle. Hazel took it warily, not really understanding, until she looked inside and saw a sleeping toddler. He looked like he was around two years old, and had olive skin and jet black hair. "How did this happen?" she asked as he others crowded around her to take a look. "He came across Hebe's fountain. She disliked the fact that he found it in mere three months so made him fall into it out of spite. She did say it should wear off soon, but I can't be babysitting him. Since you are his sister, you should do it. Any objections?" her father replied. She shook her head and said: "I'll take care of him. Thank you for bringing him to me, father." Hades nodded in acknowledgement and turned to leave. "Oh, one more thing" he said "you should probably have this." he waved his hand and a black diaper bag appeared "It'll make your life easier. It is enchanted and will give you any baby-related item you need. It should also work for when he gets older. Good bye and good luck." He disappeared in a wisp of smoke. As soon as he was gone everybody surrounded Hazel and pressed closer to look at the sleeping baby. "He's so cute!" Annabeth gushed. "Definitely not as grumpy. Should we take a picture of him sucking his thumb for blackmail?" Leo asked only to get promptly smacked by Piper. "Guys, be quiet!" Jason said "You're going to wake…" at that moment Nico began to stir "him. Well, I guess it doesn't matter now." Nico sat up as well as he could in Hazel's arms, rubbing his tiny fists over his eyes. He yawned adorably and looked at the girl holding him. He tilted his head to the side. Then he asked: " 'azel?" She smiled widely and said: "Looks like he has at least some of his memories!" Then she proceeded to talk in the tone people seem to have when speaking to babies "Yes, Nico, it's me!" she kissed his forehead, then his nose, then both his cheeks. He giggled happily, eyes sparkling with joy. "He really is cute." Frank said, touching Hazel's shoulder. Nico didn't seem to like that, as he stopped giggling and glared at Frank. Well, as much as a baby can glare. "Oh, Frank, it looks like he doesn't like you!" Leo mocked, only to get smacked once more. "Nico is probably jealous or something." Annabeth said wisely "But he keeps it under control when he is actually rational. So right now he is just having the purest reaction to us." "So if we want to know what Nico really thinks of us we should just pick him up?" Percy asked, intrigued. "Pretty much" Annabeth confirmed "But there are a few things we have to write off as baby behavior, though." "So Nico is jealous of Frank…" Leo mused "Give me him, I want to know what he really thinks of me!" he stuck out his arms and Hazel reluctantly handed Nico over. The little Ghost King looked up at the latino and said his name softly. "Ha! Get this, Hazel, he can actually say my name!" he stuck out his tongue at her, and she rolled her eyes. "Yours is much easier to pronounce!" she protested. "Details, details" he waved her off. He then began telling jokes, and by the end of it Nico was giggling happily once more. "I knew it! He thinks I'm funny." Leo celebrated. "Well, I want to go next!" said Reyna. "Sure." Leo agreed and passed the baby onto her. "Weina!" he squealed delighted, then began playing with the tip of her braid. She smiled down at him and said "Ok, who's next?" "Me!" Piper stepped forward. But when Reyna tried to hand him over to the daughter of Aphrodite, Nico began to squirm in her hands, trying to get away from the Cherokee girl. "Oh." Piper said, crestfallen "I guess he doesn't like me." "No." Annabeth corrected "It looks like he's afraid of you." And sure enough, the baby was hiding his face in Reyna's chest, whimpering a bit. She did her best to calm him down, while Piper wondered: "Afraid of me? Why?" Annabeth shrugs "I don't know. But he's acting scared, that's for sure." Reyna had succeeded in soothing the frightened baby and asked again: "Who's next?" "I'll go." Jason volunteered. He cradled the toddler in his arms, bouncing him slightly "Hey there, little guy, how're you doing?" Nico smiled at him and answered with a bunch of incomprehensible baby babble. "I guess he likes me, then. Who's next?" "Me!" Annabeth steeped forward and took Nico into her arms. He stared up at her and then started shaking his head, eyes filling up with tears as he squirmed and reached for Jason again. The son of Jupiter obviously took too long since the tears evolved into sobs that shook his whole body. The other blond took the baby from a sad looking Annabeth and bounced him a bit trying to stop his crying. "They broke up, you know" he whispered into the baby's ear, knowing it wouldn't really make a difference. After a couple of minutes Nico was quiet again. "Now it's my turn! I'm the only one left, aren't I?" Percy said, reaching for the baby. Jason readied himself for another crying fit, but handed him over anyway. "Hey there, Nico! How are you?" Percy asked. Nico took Percy's face in his chubby hands and looked at him. The son of Poseidon smiled at the gesture; it seemed he was liked after all. Then the child's face scrunched up and tears started falling again. But it was different then from when he cried with Annabeth, Percy thought. This crying fit was a lot quieter, and seemed a lot more painful. That sorrowful look had no business being on a baby's face. Percy was about to hand him back to Jason, but the toddler snuggled into the green-eyed demigod's chest, hugging him fiercely even as he continued to cry. "Ok…Annabeth, you're the baby behavior expert, what the hell does this mean?" he said, rubbing the toddler's back gently. That even though you hurt him he still loves you, idiot . Jason thought but remained quiet. The daughter of Athena looked thoughtful, and then said: "I don't know. This is a very weird reaction… it is almost like he…" she shook her head "no, that wouldn't make sense. Maybe this is about Bianca." she shrugged. "Oh. He still blames me then."