D isclaimer: I don't own anything but the plot. Percy didn't know why, but he had the sudden need, a hunch that he should check on Nico. There wasn't any particular danger to worry about, no more than the usual demigod hazards as they were slowly making their way back to New York after successfully stopping Gaea. But when you're a demigod you usually don't ignore such hunches. He was nearing his former cabin –he'd taken to rooming with Annabeth after the son of Hades unexpectedly joined their little expedition – when a noise stopped him. He stood in the hallway; head tilted to the side to better listen to a potential threat. There it was again. But the sound was so fragile, so hurt it couldn't possibly be dangerous. And it was coming from Nico's room. He tip-toed his way to the threshold of the room currently inhabited by the Ghost King. Sure enough, soft sniffling sounds could be heard through the closed door, just barely, but that did not make them less heart breaking. Percy stared at the door - not really seeing it - for what felt like a long time, hearing the muffled sobs that made their way through the door. He couldn't understand what made Nico so miserable. After all, they had won. There were casualties, sure, but no one too close to them. Actually, the son of Hades wasn't exactly close to anybody, not since his sister died… the surprising exception, other than Hazel, being Jason (though he really didn't understand their friendship). Bianca... could he still be that upset about it? No, he'd been forgiven, or so Nico told him... then why was he crying his eyes out, sounding so broken while trying to keep quiet as if he didn't want to bother anyone? He couldn't take it anymore, listening to his misery. Maybe he could help. But it would do no good to barge in, so he knocked. "Come in" Was the surprisingly steady answer, considering what he'd just been listening to. He opened the door slowly, as if afraid to startle the younger demigod. Nico was on the bed, reading a book, looking almost bored while managing an annoyed stare at the interruption. If Percy hadn't been eavesdropping earlier he would have bought this blatant display of cool detachment. But he looked closer and saw the slightly puffed eyes, which were also red rimmed. Yet his face was clear, and his eyes were dry. The son of Hades was stronger than he thought. He must've been staring for a while, because Nico said in a cold voice: "May I help you?" That caught Percy off guard, so his brilliant response was: "Hmm… how are you doing?" Nico raised an eyebrow at that, so he rushed to finish his phrase: "I mean, how's your wound?" The younger demigod had gotten injured during the final battle. He got cut from his left shoulder to his right hip, while he helped Hazel and his father finish off one of the last giants. He refused to accept any sort of help until Hazel's injuries were taken care of. "The same. The ambrosia is doing a good enough job of patching me up, I should be completely healed by the time we get to camp. Why do you ask? Are you missing your cabin? I can always move to the medical bay, it's no problem." He started getting up, slowly due to his injury, but Percy stopped him. "No! That's not necessary. I'm fine sleeping with Annabeth" Nico's cheeks colored a bit at that, so he once again tripped over his words trying to correct himself: "Not like that! I mean I don't mind sharing the cabin with her. Leo made them very spacious. I didn't mean sleeping with Annabeth as in sleeping with Annabeth, I swear…" "Percy," Nico interrupted, saving him from embarrassing himself any further "you don't have to explain yourself to me. You are both nearly adults, you may do as you wish. Now was that all?" Nico's voice had gotten progressively lifeless as their conversation went on. Now he was almost like a robot, no feeling whatsoever. Percy didn't know how he'd react if he'd said he heard someone crying, but he couldn't imagine the reaction to be a good one. He wasn't close enough to the son of Hades for Nico to trust him with his problems. He felt saddened by that. He'd known him for what? Four, five years? And yet he couldn't do something as simple as listening to his problems. He got a brief flashback to ten-year-old Nico, a hyper babbling kid who was all about Mythomagic. He'd lost that happy child, who'd become this sad, defensive, brooding teenager. He felt like it was partly his fault. "Percy?" Nico's voice brought him back from his reverie. "Sorry, I spaced out for a bit. You know, ADHD and all." He laughed weakly to cover his embarrassment. "Yeah, sure" was the mechanic response "now do you need anything else from me?" "I want you to tell me what's bothering you" Percy blurted out before he could check himself. Nico's eyes widened in surprise, briefly, before narrowing in anger. Percy could see he made a bad move. A very, very bad move. So once more he tried to salvage something from the train wreck that was this conversation. "I'm sorry! It's just that I worry about you, you're like a little brother to me!" Something flickered across the younger demigod's face – wait, was that sadness? Whatever it was, it seemed to quell his anger. It also seemed to drain some of his energy, making him even paler. "I'm fine. Really. Thank you for your concern, but everything is fine" his voice shook the tiniest bit on the last word, but Percy pretended not to notice. He'd intruded enough for one evening. "Ok, then. I'll be here if you need to talk. Good night" "Sure. Good night". Percy left the room, shutting the door on his way out. Before he reached his and Annabeth's cabin, though, he could have sworn he heard a muffled sob. He told himself it was his imagination. It wasn't. His imagination, that is. A few days later, as he was making his way down to wake up Frank to take his turn standing watch, he heard sounds from Nico's room again. He carefully woke up Frank for his shift. The praetor was still drowsy, so he made his way up deck without really registering the soft sobs coming from down the hall. Percy waited for him to disappear to the upper level then tiptoed until he once more stood near his former cabin. This time it was a bit different. For starters the door was half open, so the noises were easier to hear that night. Second of all, there where hushed voices spilling out of the room. Nico wasn't alone this time. He moved closer to the door, peering through the small opening. He almost gasped in surprise. Nico, touch-me-and-you-die Nico was curled on Jason Grace's lap, sobbing into his shirt. He had his head buried into the former praetor's chest, his smallish hand gripping the material with fierce strength. His knees were bent, as if he was trying to make himself as small as possible. Jason was rubbing soothing circles on the Ghost King's back, whispering reassuring things into the smaller teen's hair. Percy didn't move. All the fatigue he was feeling from staying up so late vanished. It broke his heart to see Nico so distraught, and it hurt his pride to know he was unable to comfort him like Jason was doing. Something else bothered him in that scene: Jason looked like he'd done this a million times, as if this was routine for him. By the Gods, how many times has Nico broken down and sought help from the son of Jupiter? The time it took for him to wonder all this was the time Nico needed to calm down a bit. Now he and Jason spoke in soft voices that Percy could still hear if he tried (he did.) "Why do I have to be this way? Why are the Gods so cruel?" Nico said in a tone that was half anger and half hopelessness. "I already told you, Nico, that there is nothing you can do about it, and that it isn't a problem." Jason retorted, sounding like he'd have this conversation about a million times too. "It's not natural!" Nico hissed, like it was something Jason should see since it was so godsdamned obvious! "Of course it is! There isn't anything wrong with how you feel! And I have told you time and time again, you are greek . Take a look at our mythology and see how much gods, goddesses among other beings don't really care about gender." "Wait, gender? What were they talking about? Was Nico..." Percy thought from his spot on the door "They are immortal beings with a ridiculous amount of power. It doesn't matter for them. I may be greek, but I am also a mortal. They may be more accepting of me in this decade than in the 30's, but there is still so much hatred, Jason! I don't think I could handle being treated differently because of it. What would Hazel think? She's from the same time as me! She'll be disgusted! And what about Percy? He'd probably tell Poseidon to drown me or something, or even do it himself!" "Nico, no one would treat you differently. No one that matters, that is. And you are pretty powerful yourself, so don't underestimate your own abilities. Hazel might need some time to adjust, but she's your sister and she'll love you and support you, no matter what. As for Percy, if he did that well... let's just say he'd be fried on the spot by a very pissed off son of Jupiter if he did anything to hurt you…" Nico laughed a little at that. He had an adorable laugh, Percy randomly thought, pity he didn't do it more often… "…and if he really reacted that way he wouldn't be the guy you've been in love with for the past four years, would he?" Wait, what? A few hours earlier… Jason was simply enjoying his dinner that evening, when someone tugged on his sleeve. He swallowed the last bit of pizza he had been chewing and turned to face whoever tried to get his attention. He wasn't really surprised to see Nico there, twisting his hands on his lap underneath the table while looking absolutely normal to the casual glance. Jason frowned at the boy's choice of dinner – half a pomegranate – and then raised an eyebrow in lieu of actually asking out loud what was going on. He was sure the son of Hades would completely shut down if attention was drawn to him. Jason knew what he was going to ask, but wished that it would be something else. He hated seeing his friends in pain. Nico looked at him with big dark eyes that were already glistening slightly with unshed tears and asked quietly " Will you come to my cabin tonight?" he lowered his gaze, as if ashamed of his request "Sure" was the immediate answer. The fact that Nico trusted him enough to confide in him always made him feel warm, although the boy's pain broke his heart. He knew why he was wanted at the cabin that night, and he mentally sighed as he prepared himself to what he'd have to face later on. It wasn't an easy task, not at all. He thought back to the very first time Nico broke down in front of him. It had been a couple of days after they left the House of Hades, and he guesses that the younger demigod couldn't really bear seeing Percy and Annabeth act as though they were joined at the hip… He