Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot. It was a normal, ordinary day. The Hephaestus Cabin had blown something up, the Hermes Cabin had pranked a few people and the Aphrodite Cabin had a fight over some nail polish. Nothing new. But then, in the middle of lunch he though the sun was getting brighter. He was just about to go to an Apollo camper to get something for hallucinations when it became obvious that the reason the sun seemed brighter was because it was getting closer. Sure enough, a bright red Maserati parked in the middle of the dining pavilion, and a smiling Sun god hopped out. "Demigods!" he greeted, waving to his children and winking at the Aphrodite girls. "Lord Apollo" Chiron greeted, bowing his head in respect "to what do we owe the honor of your visit?" "I have a quest!" he announced. That got the attention of all the campers. "Here's the deal" he continued, and paused for effect "I misplaced my poetry notebook." Several of the elder campers rolled their eyes. The gods could be so lazy sometimes. "And who do you wish to delegate this task to?" the centaur asked, his tone still respectful. After three millennia of dealing with gods you get used to their idiosyncrasies. "Why, I'm glad you asked. It seems like some nymph thought it would be funny to hide my notebook, and she hid it underground " he said the last word like it was filthy "I'm the Sun god, I do not dwell in dark places." he shuddered "So I want the spawn of Hades to do it. It's his home court, after all." "Regrettably, sir, Nico di Angelo isn't here. No one has seen him since the ending of the war. We know he is alive, but he does not pay regular visits to camp." Chiron informed him. "Oh, I already knew that. I am the god of prophecies too! That's why I'm here. Jackson! You will find Nico di Angelo and carry out my quest with him. Understood?" "And how on Earth am I supposed to find him? He's been gone for three years!" the son of Poseidon protested. "I hear you have a nicely trained hellhound. Her nose is much sharper than yours. I'm sure your task will be very much simple. As for my notebook, it is inside an ancient temple for Aletheia in the north of Greece. Now off you go!" the blonde got in his car and drove west, as always. Percy sighed heavily and resigned himself to try and find the son of Hades. He'd tried before, all of them had. Jason had told them Nico was already planning to leave forever before the war was even over. The son of Poseidon did feel stupid for never thinking of using Mrs. O'Leary. Apollo was right, he should be able to find the other demigod in a matter of minutes. He trudged to his cabin and took a shower (you never knew how long until the next usable bathroom when in a quest) and then picked up his permanently packed quest backpack. He stepped into the arena and gave a single loud whistle. A large shape came running from the woods, picking up speed until a nasty collision seemed inevitable. "Mrs. O'Leary, SIT!" he said with all the authority he could muster. Apparently it was enough, because she stopped just short of making him into a demigod pancake. "Good girl" he praised and scratched behind her ears "Now can you help me find Nico?" she perked up at the mention of the child of the underworld, so he took that as a yes. He climbed onto her and patted her head. "Let's go!" She ran into the closest shadow and disappeared. Nico was getting ready for movie night. He never thought he'd ever engage in such activities, but he was truly glad that he did. He was very thankful for the stubbornness of his lovely sister and his idiot best friend. It had been three months since his voluntary exile. He was living in a tiny abandoned cabin high in some mountain he didn't care to find out where it was. He could be in the north of India. Or South America. Really, who cared? His current residence had been abandoned not too long ago, so most things still worked. He would shadow travel into grocery stores at night to get supplies, always leaving some money in the cash register. Judging by the language on his cereal box, he really was somewhere in Latin America. Not that it mattered, anyway. So there he was, sipping on some instantaneous soup, when somebody knocked on the door. Now, he was living at the top of a very high, very hostile mountain. He didn't exactly have visitors. Not even Jehovah's Witnesses are that persistent. So he took the logical course of action and opened the door ready to slash through whatever monster had made its way to his doorstep. Except monsters don't knock. He was tackled to the ground by a very small but very strong person, all he could see were cinnamon curls. Her hug was almost snapping a few of his ribs when he was finally released. They got up, and she promptly slapped him, sending him tumbling down onto the carpet again. "Ow. What was that for?" he protested weakly. He knew –suspected – what it was for. Before she could answer, Jason stepped forward and punched him, a clean shot to his jaw. Nico got up, rubbing his sure to bruise skin tenderly, and glared at him. "Was that really necessary?" he inquired. "Yes. Yes it was." Then the son of Jupiter gathered him in a bone crushing hug, and between his ribs and his face Nico wondered if he would make it out of there without needing medical attention. "Ok, ok! You've hugged me, you've hit me. What else, are you going to steal my dinner too?" Hazel looked at the half finished can of soup and crinkled her nose in distaste. Jason voiced her displeasure: "Your dinner isn't even worth stealing. You are not eating well, are you? It's no wonder, you are hiding out in a freaking mountain!" "Hey, don't hate on the soup! It's tasty. And I don't get that hungry anyway. I'm doing ok." "Ok?" Hazel repeated in disbelief "Nico, this is a dump. There is no nicer way to describe it. Please, go live somewhere decent! Somewhere we can visit you" she pleaded. "I'm content here. How did you find me anyway?" "After you were missing for a whole month I made Jason tell me about your stupid promise to leave forever. How could you even think that wouldn't affect anybody? That it wouldn't affect me?" her golden eyes were filling up with tears, and Nico suddenly felt very guilty. He enveloped her in a hug, and she buried her face in his jacket. Jason took over the narrative. "Hazel said she could sense you. Something about your vital energy or something like that. So we traveled together, and here we are. We had to stop a while back to get winter clothes. Why did you pick a place so cold?" "I didn't pick anything. I simply jumped from place to place until I found an empty house." He shrugged. "Then you are going to jump to someplace better. You don't want to go back to either camp, that's fine. We'll help you set up a house, with a guest room, anywhere you choose. And we get to visit. Often." Hazel was staring at him with a gaze that left no room for complaints. He sighed and said: "Fine. But you can't tell anyone where I am. That is my condition." His own stare was unwavering, and the Romans nodded in agreement. Hazel smiled widely and said: "Great! Now let's help you pack and get out of this dump." And that is the story of how he wound up living in a nice house (financed by his father) in a small city in Italy. He couldn't bear to go back to his birthplace, the few things he remembered would haunt him. It took them a while to get established, and a while longer to work out weekly visits and time zones. The Romans still lived in Camp Jupiter, with their respective lovers, so they rode Arion to get there. It was a long trip, but more than worth it. As time went by, Nico softened. He allowed them to tell Reyna where he was, since they'd really bonded over the whole bringing-a-giant-statue-halfway-around-the-world thing. The daughter of Bellona could not visit as often as the other two, being the Praetor. But she still dropped by every now and then. More time went by, and he got the nerve to tell his sister about his orientation. She's smiled at him and, once more, hugged him until his ribs complained. He'd been much happier since then. He smiled at the memories as he gathered blankets and put them near the couch. The doorbell rang and he went to answer the door eagerly: his family was here. He could tell immediately that they were near the sea. The other side of the Atlantic, in fact. He would be able to get the exact coordinates if he dipped his toes in the water, but it wasn't important. It was night time, and the closest source of light was a house maybe ten feet from where they'd landed. If Mrs.O'Leary's nose was correct, Nico would be in there. "Rest for now, girl. You did well." he told the snoring hellhound. He walked over to the nearest window, and noticed it looked into a living room. The TV was on, playing something he couldn't see as it was facing away from him. On the couch there were three people, bundled up with blankets and eating popcorn out of a bowl: Jason, Hazel and Nico. Percy was immediately and severely pissed off. So those two had kept in contact with the pale boy, and said nothing to the others. He walked up to the front door and knocked. After a few seconds Jason opened it with his gladius in hand, Hazel and Nico similarly armed behind him. "Percy?" was the bewildered greeting he got. "Yes. Sorry to crash your private party, but I have been sent here by Apollo himself to collect Nico, for lack of a better word." his tone was ice cold and spelled out just how angry he was at the whole arrangement. "We're sorry, Percy!" Hazel began "Nico didn't want to keep in contact with anyone else, it was hard enough to get him to allow us to see him..." "Yeah, because checking in with everyone at camp every couple of months would have killed him." he scoffed. "You don't understand, he..." Jason started only to get cut off. "First of all, quit talking about me like I'm not standing right here." Nico's tone matched Percy's "Second of all, Jackson, you don't need to be all offended because I left. Big deal. It's not like you cared when I stuck around." "Of course I did! And I went on so many missions trying to find you! How can you say I don't care?" he said angrily. "Because you don't. That is just your loyal nature making you do this. You don't have to. Now leave." was the inflexible answer. "Gee, I'd love to, but I can't. I didn't make the 'Apollo sending me over' thing up. We have a quest, handed to us specially." he said, voice dripping with sarcasm. Nico raised an eyebrow and asked "What is the quest about? Does it have a prophecy?" "No, it doesn't have one and it won't. It is pretty straightforward, if not a little stupid." thunder rumbled but he paid it no mind "We have to find Apollo's poetry notebook, it should be in an underground temple for Aletheia in the