Summary: Edward and Bella have grown up hating each other. Can being forced to spend one HOT Spring Break together change all of that? (AU; Cannon Pairings; All Human; Rated M) Disclaimer: I took inspiration from Stephenie Meyer, but I do not own anything of Twilight. I also took inspiration from many of the wonderful stories that I have read here and I wish that I could give credit to each of you. This is my attempt to finally give something back. I hope you enjoy it! Enemy Mine Chapter One: "Spin the Bottle" "Alice! Bella's here!" Emmet yelled swinging his arm around his new girlfriend shoulders as they sat on the couch. He and Rosalie had only been dating a week and she had never met his sister's best friend. The door bell rang again as Alice came bounding down the stairs, her petite body gliding gracefully across the floor as she rounded the couch towards the front door. "Yay! Bella's here! Bella's here!" she sang. "Yeah, just great," Edward grumbled sarcastically from across the room. "Why does the shrew have to stay here all week anyway? Doesn't she have any family of her own?" "Dude, shut-up." Emmet threw a couch pillow and laughed as he nailed Edward in the face. "Why doesn't Edward like Alice's friend?" Rosalie asked. "It's a long, long story, Babe." Emmet replied. "Goes back longer than Alice and I have been around." Rosalie turned her head to hear Alice giggling as she greeted Bella in the foyer. "But, I thought your parents had been married since you were little?" "Yup! They had their tenth wedding anniversary last fall!" Emmet told her beaming at the happy memory. "So, when they got married, I guess Edward and I were… How old were we, dude?" he asked, looking back at his step-brother. "Seven? Eight?" Edward didn't look up from his computer where it was perched on his lap. "You were eight. Alice and I were seven." "That's right. So, Bella would have been seven too." Emmet went on. "Esme and Bella's mom, Rene, have been best friends since grade school. So Edward and Bella have known each other since they were babies. When dad and Esme got married Alice and Bella became like peas in a pod." "BFFs!" Alice announced, hearing the end of Emmet's story as she lead Bella into the room. "Best Friends Forever!" "Hey Bella! About time you got here." Emmet turned his head to look at them. "This is Rosalie. Rose, this is Bella." "Hi, Rosalie!" Bella waved with a smile. "I'm glad to finally meet you! Emmet has been talking about you forever! Going on and on and on …. I didn't think he'd ever ask you out." She leaned over the back of the couch and punched Emmet in the shoulder lightly as she teased him. "I'm glad to see you finally got the guts, Big Guy. And you are right…. She does have the prettiest blond hair." Bella beamed innocently. Rosalie's face lit up. "Emmet! Is that true? Did you say that? Awww, you're so sweet!" she gave him a kiss on the cheek. Emmet glared up at Bella playfully, "I don't know whether to thank you or throw you out for that, Bells. Has anyone ever told you that you've got a big mouth?" "I vote for throwing her out." Edward grumbled." Bella looked over at Edward for the first time, lounging across the room in a pair of faded jeans and a tight gray T-shirt. "Well, hello to you too, Troll," she sneered. "I was wondering what that smell was." Edward looked up from his computer and glared at her. She did her best to glare back but, the truth was, she felt like her eyes were going to pop out of her head. Damn, he was wearing his glasses. Why did he have to be one of those guys who looked sexy in glasses? She hated him. HATED him! The fact that made her heart beat faster every time she saw him did not change that. "Are we seriously going to be stuck with your presence for the entire week of Spring Break?" Edward asked, interrupting her stare. Why did she have to look at him like that? It was like she was baiting him; daring him not to stare back. The bitch - she had to know how gorgeous she was, even though she acted like she didn't have a clue. Fate had been completely unfair to him. She was supposed to get ugly as she got older, or at least stay stuck in that gangling stage she was in a few years back. But, damn it! She just got hotter every time he saw her and that completely sucked! "OK, so I already got that you two don't like each other much." Rosalie interjected. "But I never finished hearing the story of why." "That's the mystery, Babe," Emmet told her. "No one really knows why." "He's obnoxious" "She's a pain in the ass." "He's a rude prick" "She an annoying bitch." Alice threw her hands up, "Enough! I swear we are NOT going to listen to this all week. So, each of you to your corners." "Wait," Rosalie said, "Seriously? You have no idea why they can't stand each other?" "Something to do with root bear," Emmet told her. Edward groaned. "Do not bring up the unmentionable Root Bear incident, Em!" Bella said without humor. "Corners!" Alice yelled again shaking a finger at both Bella and Edward to emphasize her point. "I mean it! This is our Spring Break so you guys have to try to be civil at least, OK?" "Would you settle for total avoidance?" Edward asked. The less time he had to spend trying NOT to check out Bella's perfect figure the better. "Fine. That works for me." Bella replied, trying to ignore the fact his remark had actually hurt her feelings. Was her presence that unbearable to him? Alice sighed and led Bella around to the front of the couch. Plopping them both down on the floor in front of Emmett and Rosalie, she faced Edward and continued. "No, that's not good enough. We are having a party tonight, after all, and we are all going to be there together. So, I want both of you to give me your word that you will not fight with each other tonight." Bella and Edward both glared at her. "Come on! You have the rest of the week to try out your new insults. Just give us one night of peace. Do it for me." One thing that Edward and Bella had in common was their love for Alice and she knew this. "OK, Al." Bella spoke up first. "I, at least, promise to be perfectly polite tonight no matter what venom is spewed at me." Edward rolled his eyes. "Fine, I'll bite my tongue for one night." Alice beamed at the success of her diplomacy… or guilt-trip. Whichever, she'd gotten her way. "What time is everyone arriving tonight?" Rosalie asked. "About seven, which only gives us another three hours to get ready?" Alice switched into party-planning-mode with enthusiasm. "I have jobs for each of you and you'd better get them done BEFORE people start to get here." Since Alice had a way of infecting people with her enthusiasm, everyone willing accepted their assignments and everything was in place by the time the first guest arrived. Rosalie and Emmett had taken the assignment of official greeters, answering the door and making sure everyone felt welcome. It was just after 7:00 when the door bell sounded. "Eeek! Do you think that could be Jasper?" Alice squealed. She was upstairs with Bella as they finished getting ready in her room. "Hold still!" Bella scolded her best friend with a laugh as she continued trying to pin Alice's wrap-around skirt tighter so it wouldn't fall off her tiny waste. "If it is, Jasper, you don't want to rush downstairs and seem too eager, do you?" "But, I'm hostess, right? Shouldn't I greet him?" "You gave that job to Em and Rose, remember? Come one, Alice, you and I both know that this entire party was cooked up by you for the sole purpose of giving you a chance to catch Jasper's attention. Now, don't blow it by ruining your perfect entrance. You have to make him wait just a bit." Alice turned to face Bella. "How do I look?" "Perfect!" Bella said with an encouraging smile. "He won't be able to take his eyes off of you!" Alice's face fell when she looked at Bella. "Hardly," she sighed. "Not after he gets a look at you. Bella, you are stunning!" "Whatever." Bella rolled her eyes and turned to look in the mirror. She wore a tight royal-blue sweater with a low V-neck that stopped just short of showing her cleavage. The blue matched her eyes perfectly and her long, dark hair fell full around her shoulders and down her back. Black jeans clung to her curves while her black heeled boots made her legs look longer. "I wish I'd found a more stylish outfit for tonight. I feel so plain." "Believe me, Bella. You do NOT look plain." "Not that it matters." Bella shrugged. "It's not like there is anyone I'm trying to impress. This night is all yours, Alice. You are the belle of this ball, so just remember that…. And make Jasper drool!" Alice laughed and hugged her. "Thanks for the pep-talk. You're the best! Now I really can't wait any more. Time to make my entrance." Bella hung back at the top of the stairs watching as Alice descended. The doorbell had continued to sound several times and the house was already filling with guests. Bella could hear Emmett and Rosalie laughing with several friends but she wasn't sure if Jasper was among them. She wanted to be sure Alice was alone when she first greeted him, so she strained to hear any sign that he had arrived. "Are you just going to hide up here and ease drop all night?" Edward asked suddenly from behind her making Bella jump. "Damn it, Cullen! I know you hate me, but do you have to try to give me a heart attack?" She whirled around to yell at him some more, but stopped short when she saw him. And then she, basically, stopped breathing. Holy shit, he looked amazing! Edward was dressed in a pair of faded blue jean and a white button-down shirt that was slightly unbuttoned. The crispness of his outfit was offset by his messy bronze hair that he pushed off his forehead as he watched her. His glasses were long gone and his brilliant green eyes arched up as he gave her a crooked smile. "If that was all it took to give you a heart attach, Bella, I think you'd have died a long time ago." Edward focused on appearing casual and keeping his voice controlled. He couldn't let Bella know that his own heart had stopped the moment she turned around. He had been fighting his attraction to her for a long time, but he had never been as affected by her as he was in that moment. She was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen. And the way that sweater clung to her made it nearly impossible to keep his eyes on her face. There was no way he was going to keep his dignity intact long if he had to continue looking at her as her chest rose and fell to steady her breathing. Moving passed her without another word he descended the stairs quickly to put some distance between them. Bella watched Edward as he walked away and bit her lips as she noticed how the jeans showed off his tight ass. What was she thinking? She shouldn't be checking out his ass, she should be thinking about how he IS an ass! She