Hello to all. I have writers block for my Rosario Vampire story. I have not found inspiration for it yet. So if any of ya'll out there have ideas for me feel free to PM me or leave a review. Now Im not up to date with HOO, but I have read The Lost Hero. So if I get any thing wrong or something like that, please let me know. This takes place after The Last Olympian. Welcome to the story that my mind has given birth too. Percy POV I had just snuck away from the partying Gods and demigods. We had just defeated Kronos and his army. Thus saving the Olympians and extending their reign. I came to a secluded garden behind the throne room. Two benches sat in front of a sparkling golden statue of an eagle in mid flight. Water shooting from the beck and into the large basin bellow. I smiled softly. Salt water. I took a seat on one of the benches and stared into the rippling salt water. I have never been one for parties. To many people. Sure the party was for me and my friends but I was more than content with my wish. I might have given up godhood but future demigods gained a better chance at living. Now most people would have accepted godhood without a second thought but I'm not most people. I had given up immortality for a girl. A girl I wanted to have a life with. Most guys may call me soft or weak but they haven't found that one person yet. The one who you can be yourself around. The one you can go to for any reason. A best friend, a love. I'm one of the lucky few. I found that person. Her name was Annabeth, daughter of Athena. My soft smile grew broader as I pictured her beautiful grey eyes, soft blond hair. I was pulled from my thoughts when a shadow passed me, heading into the small forest across from the bench I was sitting on. Curious, I fallowed. After the years of training and battles, I had learned how to hid my demigod scent and I had also picked up a few tricks from the short time I spent with the Hunters of Artemis. I crept forward. Silently closing in on whatever it was. I came into a clearing at the edge of Olympus. The figure turned out to be a beautiful woman. Deep Auburn hair swept down to the small of her back. The woman wore a exquisite silver dress that brushed the floor. A slit ran up to the mid thigh. Showing off her athletic legs. I gulped. I should not be thinking about her this way. I have a girl friend! Not to mention she is the goddess of maidens! I slowly turned around and started back the way I came. "Hello Perseus." I flinched. I turned around and saw her staring straight at me. Deep silver staring into sea green. Her eyes were as memorizing as her hair and face. Stop! You have a girl and she is a goddess. I offered a smile as I rubbed my neck. "Lady Artemis." nervousness clear in my voice. "Why did you fallow me?" Her voice as cold as her eyes. "I..I didn't know... it was you." I stuttered as I bowed deeply. "Stand up! I hate it when people do that." She snapped. I shot up so quickly that I stumbled backwards, falling down onto my back with an oof. Artemis held a hand to her mouth, suppressing a girlish giggle. I sat up and rubbed my head. Peaking up, I saw a small blush as her eyes twinkled. She could barley contain her giggle. I smiled and laughed softly. She used her free hand to help me up. I grasped her hand as she pulled. But I guess she misjudged my weight because she pulled a little to hard. Artemis fell onto her back, pulling me on top of her. Our noses just barley brushed each other. A light blush spread across her cheeks. And from the burning in mine, I could guess that I sported one too. Her breath was heavy as was mine. I was fully aware of the soft squishy feeling of her breasts smashed against my chest. I starred into her deep silver eyes. Getting lost in the sea of platinum. I could see embarrassment, shock, hesitation, and something I couldn't identify. Artemis POV I was looking up into the sea green eyes of the hero of Olympus. I was captured within the deep emerald color. I saw the deep blush on his perfectly tanned cheeks. His eyes twinkling. I could feel his well muscled chest and abdomen pressed tightly against me. The form of his body fit well against my curves. I would have blasted any man into dust for getting this close to me. But Jackson was different. He wasn't selfish, egoistic, or pompous. He was the exact opposite of what I thought a man should be. Something unfamiliar bubbled within my chest. But I brushed it off as embarrassment. "I'm... I'm SO sorry La... Lady Artemis." Percy stuttered as he shot up and bowed once more. He than dashed into the woods with out another word. When he jumped off of me, I felt... loss. I sat up and shook my head. "Maybe I had too much of Dionysus's wine." I started back towards my palace. My hunters were probably wondering where I am. Percy POV Stupid! Stupid! Stupid! Why did you do that? Why be so stupid? She is the goddess of Maidens! Not to mention you have a girlfriend. I broke through the trees to see everyone gone except a few minor gods mingling around with some dryads. Sighing, I sat down under a tree. Head held in my palms. I felt a tug pull in my gut as I used the moisture in the air to create a gateway to camp. Seeing as they were all gone. I arrived late in the evening. The campfire was cold and the lights in the cabins were out. I decided to head to the beach. It always calmed my nerves. As I walked, I thought about all the people that lost their lives in the war. Their sacrifices is what motivated me to fight Kronos with all I had. But that wasn't enough. I wasn't strong enough. It was Luke that ended the Titan lord. He had some how gained control over his body again and begged me to hand him my dagger. When I did he stabbed himself in his soft spot. Banishing Kronos from his body, but at the cost of his life. Sighing, I came to the beach. But not to the calming scene I had hoped it would be. I stopped dead in my tracks. My mouth fell as my eyes bugged. I saw her laying with a boy I had never seen before. She had her head on his chest. Looking up at the stars. I couldn't move. My mind trying to come up with something to explain the scene before me. "I love you Brandon." Her voice held affection and admiration. The two closed the distance between them. Seeing this caused me to snap. The calm seas began to churn as the winds sped up. Heavy rain started along with hail. The earth shook as cracks began to form. The two shot up and looked around until their gaze found me. She had fear in her eyes as the boy pushed her behind him. Foolish. I started forward. The boy shouting threats but they were lost within the wind. My eyes had started to glow green as I lifted them both into the air by controlling the water in their blood. Their eyes bugged with fear and awe when waves grew to three stories. Lightening flashed across the sky. The earth shook more violently. I continued to advance until I was feet from their floating forms. Than I spoke. "...Why?" My voice cold and hard. Annabeth just starred wide eyed at me. "WHY?!" The shaking intensified, wave growing bigger. Skies darkening as lighting grew more frequent and louder. All they could see through the heavy rain was my glowing eyes. "I'm... I'm sor... Sorry-" Her voice quaked. "SORRY?!" I roared as I slammed them into the ground, holding them there. I stood over them. I locked gazes with her. I looked into the eyes I thought were beautiful once. "I just gave up immortality for you just hours ago! IMMORTALITY! for you, Annabeth! And this is how you repay me?!" I gave a deep growl as pointed at the boy. "How long has this been going on?!" I yelled at her. I watched as she stuttered. Trying to talk but unable. I let the storm around me slow until there was nothing but silence. My eyes still glowed though. I shook my head. Releasing my hold over them. As soon as I did. The boy she called Brandon, shot up and stood in font of her cowering form. I looked into the eyes of this boy. I let a roar loose as I rushed up to him and slammed my fist into his face. Crushing his nasal cavity and braking most of his teeth. The boy flew a good fifty feet away. Landing with a thud. Blood flooding from his face. I looked back at Annabeth and gave a humorless laugh. "You wanna know something? I had planed on asking you to marry me. I even asked you mother for her blessing." I spat at her. I drew the black velvet box from a pocket and threw it at her. I glanced at her once more before I turned and walked away. Leaving her crying and holding the box. I ran ahead, letting the tears fall. How could she? It was mere hours since I gave up godhood for her. Hours since Luke passed. Hours since we last kissed. I arrived shortly to my cabin. It was the closest one to the water. Kicking in the door, I shoved all my things into a bag. All the while, asking the same question. Why? Before I left I saw the one thing that I used for decoration. A small picture of me and her laughing at the canoe lake. In a sadness, and an anger filled rage, I drew riptide and slashed the photo in two. I then ran from the cabin heading to the top of half-blood hill. Stopping at Thalia's tree, I looked back. And my anger was temporarily replaced by awe. In my wake, I had destroyed most of camp. Trees were uprooted, the shore had eroded, and huge cracks spread out from where I stood on the beach. Some cabins were also destroyed. Oops. I turned and patted the guardian of the camp on the head. I guess the campers aren't here after all. If they were then Chiron would be chasing me down. I slowly started down the hill. One place in mind. A place were my favorite person will be. She would understand and calm me. My mother. As I walked, my mind betrayed me. I began thinking about My life and about her. The tears that I was crying began to run faster. How could she do this? Was I not good enough? Was I not strong enough? Now I see why Artemis swore off men. I thought bitterly. But when I thought of Artemis, a feeling warmed my aching heart. But it was so insignificant that I merely brushed it aside. It took about an hour and a half for me to get to my mothers apartment. I opened the door and walked in, throwing my bag onto the island. I than started to call out for my mom and Paul. Whom had become like a second father figure too me. No one answered. I called out