Special thanks to: titania522, bubbles1425, lyndsaylovegood and joshifercrazy on tumblr for betaing and helping this story come together. And to nightlockinthecave on tumblr for the beautiful banner! This was wrote for the 4th annual F4LLS. Thank you to all how donated. I never knew that you could look into the face of the person you loved the most only to see the one person you hated most, until I looked into the face of my daughter. Its also hard to distinguish her features from mine or his. Her eyes are the only thing that doesn't match with either one of us. We both had olive skin and dark brown hair with gray eyes. My daughter matched that with her skin tone and silky dark brown hair, but her bright blue eyes are the part that baffles me. Maybe it's the recessive gene in me that gave her those eyes. And those eyes were my savior. But they didn't quite match my sister or mother's color of blue. I had only seen one other person with that color blue and I knew there was no way my daughter could be his, because the last time I saw him was the summer after senior year when I broke his heart. But, I didn't always hate Gale. I actually loved, and still love him, but there was a point, and I still don't know when it happened, that our relationship went sour. I never wanted children and finding out I was pregnant was one of the worst days of my life. I had just condemned an innocent life to the hell of this world. And I couldn't stand it. But Gale wouldn't sign off on the abortion, and of course we lived in the one part of the country that required both parents to sign off on an abortion. It was at this point that things fell apart. I was pissed at Gale for forcing this child on me and not caring for my well-being. I was sick for most of the pregnancy and was in the hospital on and off for those nine months, but Gale promised me it would be the best thing for us. That we would actually be a family since I was completely against us getting married. I came to grips with the idea the moment I felt her move the first time. At that moment, I knew, knew that I would do anything for her. But I guess Gale thought differently, because right after Willow was born he started staying at work longer and always had business trips to take. He said he was doing it for the extra money, but little did I know he was out having a secret life, while I was at home trying to take care of the life I was forced into having because I believed in him I will never blame Willow for the things her father did to us, nor would I have hard feelings towards her for her being forced on me, but it's hard to not be bitter sometimes. When Madge came to me to tell me that she had seen him with another girl, I went into a full on rage, which is where I find myself now. I'm doing all I can to not break down in embarrassing sobs while I cling to our five and half month old daughter. As I study her sleeping form to compose myself, I silently beg for her to open those beautiful blue eyes that reminded me so much of one of the only people that never hurt me but I did nothing but hurt. I now know that it was only because I was scared of the feelings I had for him, but my seventeen year old self expressed it by pushing him away. He was my first everything. My first kiss, the first person I slept with. One night at the end of the summer at a barbecue, we were alone down by the lake when we made love for the first time, and I say it as the first not because it was the first time we had slept together, but because of the tenderness of the act that time. "I love you, Katniss. And it's not because we just had sex. I really do love you and I've been trying to work up the guts to tell you for awhile now," he said. The thought of being in love scared me after what my mom had gone through when my father, the love of her life, died. I couldn't let someone love me, nor allow myself to love someone, for fear that it would destroy me as it did my mother. She was never the same after that, and it took me years to forgive her for her abandonment. As a mother myself, I still don't understand how she did that to Prim and I, but she has done nothing but try to make up for it in the years since. Thinking about my mother reminds me that I now need to call her and make sure it's okay that Willow and I stay at her house for awhile until I can get on my feet. I make the call to her, and she is more than thrilled that we are coming home to stay. As I pack our things I try to come to grips with the idea of going back and living in the town that I fled from all those years ago. That bonfire was the last that I had seen of that little city of Panem. Sure, I had visited my mom, but she lives in the outskirts of the town in area, called the Seam. It's where I grew up, and it's a dingy, unkempt area where most of the poor live. I'm not sure I'm ready to face what I left there, but anywhere is better than the place I'm at now. I'm loading the last of Willow's crib into the car as Gale finally pulls into the driveway. He shuts the car off and gets out of the door and slams it shut. "What the hell are you doing Katniss? What the fuck is this all about?" he roars. I wasn't ready for this conversation, so I sarcastically throw back at him, "So how was Leevy? You all relaxed now? Been thoroughly fucked?" "What are you talking about?" He questions, though his eyes tell another story. He knows that I know what he has been up to, but we both have been known for being hard headed, so he's not ready to back down yet. "You know exactly what I'm talking about Gale! Don't play! You were caught making out with a girl named Leevy outside a hotel that you had booked a room in." I screeched. "You lied to me. You told me we would be a family when Willow was born. You told me you were working more so we could provide for her! You told me I was the only one for you! What happened?" "We only had sex once, and it was a huge mistake." He replies, unable to look at me. "That's a lie too! You were seen more than once. Why did you go running to anyone but me?" I said, the nagging feeling of being unwanted. "I tried to be with you after Willow was born but you always pushed me away," Gale snapped. "I'm sorry that after pushing a baby out of me, I wasn't exactly up for having sex, I was sore! You should try it sometime," I snap back sarcastically. "Plus, from the moment Willow and I got out of the hospital, you said you had a business trip to go on. This is on you, and you need take the blame. Besides, it doesn't matter; cheating on me once is too many times. We are done, Gale." And with that, I slam the trunk of my car and get in. "Since the law states that an unmarried woman has sole custody of her children, we'll work out some way for you to be in her life, but you and I are no more. Goodbye, Gale." Then I roll up the window, start the car, and pull out of the driveway, giving one last look at the house and Gale, standing alone outside looking defeated. It took everything I had not to turn back around, but I knew this was the right thing to do. During the drive to mom's house or I guess it's my house again, I think about what has happened in my life since I had been here last. I left the bonfire in a hurry, running back to my house. It was late, so mom and Prim were already in bed. I went to my room and spent the rest of the night packing my stuff up and I called Gale, my best friend who had left for college two years before. He went to the same school I was starting at this fall and he had an extra room in the house he rented. He offered it to me so I wouldn't have to live in the dorms. I jumped on the opportunity. I called and asked if I could move in a week early and if he could come pick me up the next day with his pickup truck. He agreed. The next morning I told my mom and sister that I had decided that I needed to have an extra week to get settled in before classes started and that I was moving out that day. After that, I never stepped back into the town I grew up in again. Moving into that house with Gale and a couple of other people who he was friends with was my biggest mistake. I became a sort of party girl using drinking as a way to forget what I had left behind. I also used the fact that Gale liked me and wanted to be with me back in high school as a way of escape too. We would get drunk at parties and later at night fall into bed together for release. I'm not sure you could ever say we even dated, we just used each other. After college, Gale and I moved into a little house together. Gale got a job at a little business firm and started going on business trips almost instantly. I guess that should have been my second clue. Who starts at the bottom at any job and starts traveling for them? At this point I realize I have been driving on autopilot for the whole two hour drive and I'm almost to town. I glance back and see that Willow is still sound asleep, and turn back to the road just sign that says "Welcome to Panem" and that's when a memory hits me, and some things in my life start to make sense again. I also realize I've been living a lie for the past year. I quickly pull into my mom's driveway and park the car. Mom must have been watching from the window, because she is out the door before I can get out of the car. I get out and shut the door as mom rounds the back of my car and opens the door and pulls Willow out of her car seat, and is cooing at her, giving her all kinds of kisses. "Mom," I start, and she looks up at me. "When was I last here?" She stops and thinks for a moment before replying with, "I believe it was just after the new year last year. Maybe the end of January, early February. You were here because you slipped and fell at home while Gale was away on a business trip, and had some temporary memory loss. So you stayed until Gale was back, and about a month later you announced that you were pregnant with Willow." I