Today is the day, and I was nervous. Tonight I would be going on my first date, and it wasn't just any date, it was a date with Peeta Mellark. Peeta Mellark, the football, soccer, basketball, and baseball star player. He also was the captain on all those teams, got good grades and was the Student Council President. And here I was, Katniss Everdeen, the girl who struggles to come to school every day, grew up on the wrong side of the tracks, and pretty much a nobody at school. It wasn't always that way though. Before Dad was killed in mining accident when I was 11, I was popular, I had many friends, was a academic scholar so much so, I skipped a grade in elementary school and even on the path to college scholarships when I got older for my archery skills. When Dad died and I had to take over as head of the house and find ways of providing for Mom and my little sister, Primrose or Prim as she normally goes by. My mother is a story all to herself. I guess she fell into a depression when Dad died-we all did- but hers' was worse and it took years for her to come back to Prim and me. When she finally did, Prim was so happy and held nothing against her. I, on the other hand could not forgive her. I lost my childhood because of what she did. I tried to forgive her I really do, because not only did Prim and I lose a dad that day, but she lost a husband and the love of her life. How could she have forgotten her children? You would have thought taking care of her children would have helped her though but instead she sat in a chair staring out into nothingness while I fought to keep us going and hide Prim from the horrors that could have happened to us if I had not. With all of that going on, everything else in my life began to fall apart too. My friends drifted away and now they act as if we were never friends. I ended up being bumped back to my original grade because I fell so far behind during the year Dad died that I failed my classes. The college scholarships I was working towards with my archery, went by the wayside when I told my coach that I couldn't continue because I couldn't afford the fee to be on the team. Which brings me to now. Why would a boy like Peeta Mellark asked me out on a date? Something isn't right about this. Maybe he asked me out on a dare? But at this point it's hard to actually care because I know it won't go anywhere from tonight. It's just going to be one date, if he doesn't cancel beforehand. My 12- year old sister, who still believes in happy endings, believes Peeta does like me and would never ask me out if he didn't. My mom, who I hoped would have been able to give me a excuse to tell him I could not go out tonight told me that she had the night off from the hospital she works at and that I need to start doing things that most do at 16, which include going on dates. She actually insisted that I would go on this date whether I wanted to or not; even told me to go up to her closet and pick out one of her dresses from her teenage years. Surprisingly enough the styles where the same as the ones girls wore today. "So, how does going to the drive-in to see a movie and dinner at the new Italian restaurant sound for tonight?" I hear Peeta say as he sits down beside me at lunch. "Oh uhm, sure that sounds good" I manage to squeak out, and I do mean squeak. I feel my face turning red at that. "Just because we have a date tonight doesn't mean you have to sit with me today at lunch, you are welcome to sit with your friends" "I know that" he smiles at me, and I get a good look at his ocean blue eyes and bright blonde hair. "But I wanted to sit here with you today, if that's okay with you?" "Sure" I reply Peeta questioned, "You think I just asked you out because I felt sorry for you or something, don't you?" "Didn't you? I mean what could you possibly see in me," I ask back. "Katniss, I can assure you that feeling bad for you was not my reason. You just don't know the effect you have," he replies. I don't know how to reply to this, so I just look down and play with the food that is on my plate. My appetite gone. "I have an extra cheese bun, if you would like it. I can understand why you wouldn't wanna eat whatever they made into today's chefs special" he laughs, holding his hand out towards me with one in his hand. Cheese buns were another thing I never had again after Dad died, we couldn't afford to buy them. They were my favorite item from Mellark's Bakery which Peeta's parents own. On the first Saturday of every month, Dad would come home with something for each of us from the bakery. Cheese buns for me, pretty iced sugar cookies for Prim, and a piece of red velvet cake for Mom. She always insisted that he share with her. Dad used to laugh because I was the only kid he knew would rather have cheese buns than some kind of sweet. But I preferred the cheesiness of those buns to anything sweet . "Please take the cheese bun, Katniss" Peeta's deep voice rings through my daydream. I realize I had been staring at him for some time. "Thanks" I whisper, taking it out of his hands. Peeta smiles, and it's a shy smile. That is unusual for a person as confident as Peeta, but honestly, the smile gives me butterflies in my stomach. So I smile back. I look down at the bun, and it looks nothing different than the ones I remember as a child. "You know you are supposed to eat that, not just look at it." Peeta says. "Sorry, did I upset you?" "No, I was just thinking about a good memory of my dad" I answer back "I remember him coming in every first Saturday of the month, that's how I knew that cheese buns were your favorite. He would tell my dad that he needed a cheese bun for his silly older daughter and he would shake his head as he laughed." "Yeah, I never really liked the sweet stuff" I remember. "I can't believe that you really remember that about me" "I remember everything about you, Katniss" Peeta replies; the way he says my name makes me look up at him, he sounds so sad "I can't even tell you how glad I was when you said you would go on a date with me, I was so sure you would turn me down." "Why would you think that?" I question. Taking a deep breath he says "I can't tell you how long I've liked you, Katniss and it took a lot for me to actually ask you out. It's surreal that you would even want to go on a date with a guy like me" "Oh," is all I can say because at this point the bell rings. "I'll pick you up at 5, okay?" Giving me that smile that I've grown to love in the small time of this lunch period. "That's great. have a good rest of the day, Peeta" I say as we part ways, walking out of the lunch room. _ Walking home from school with my best friend Gale was actually more of a nightmare today then it's ever been. "So, I hear you got a date tonight." Gale starts "Yes, I do" I reply. "What's it to you?" "Rumor has it, that he's just trying to get in your pants" he replies. "You say that about every guy that would ask me out" I snap At the beginning of this school year, Gale, my best friend for like forever, the one that went through the same tough time as me because his dad died in the same accident as mine did, decided to ask me to be his girlfriend. I turned him down. I still feel bad for it but to be honest, I don't like Gale that way. I love him, but more as my brother than anything else. He told me he understood but now every time he sees a guy even look in my direction he gets all jealous. I feel bad, I really do. But there was no way in hell I was going to date him. It would be too weird. It does hurt that my best friend won't support me; of all people he should be happy for me. "No, just one that I know has been drooling over you for years" Gale snaps back. "Look Katniss, I realize you don't feel the same about me as I do you but I still want the best for you and I just don't think Mellark is the best" "I appreciate your concern but I think you are just jealous it's not you taking me on my first date" I huff walking off. I don't need this today. Gale sighed with a sad expression "Have fun tonight. And I mean that." I turn back to him and with a small smile. "Thanks Gale, that means a lot" _ After my conversation with Gale, I can't stop thinking about what he said. Maybe he was right. Gale knows me so well and what he said plays into every one of my insecurities. Damn Gale! As the clock nears 5, I begin to worry that Peeta isn't going to show up. I'm already in my dress; Prim did my hair up into some elaborate braid and Mom insisted I put on some make up. I'm going to feel like such an idiot if he doesn't come. 4:45, 4:50, 4:55, 5:00, 5:05... At 5:10 I concede to looking out the window and start up the stairs to get out of these clothes. Reaching the top of the stairs I pause when I hear a car door shut and a few seconds later a knock at the door. "Prim, get the door please" I hear my mom tell my sister. I slowly turn around and go back down the stairs again. My heart start to race and I feel my hands get sweaty. I wipe my hands on the skirt of my dress. "Katniss, the door is for you!" my sister singsongs As I reach the bottom of the stairs I see my mom rush over and invite Peeta in to the living room. "Can I get you something to drink, Peeta?" "No thank you, Mrs. Everdeen" Peeta replies looking towards the bottom of the stairs as I come into his view "Katniss, you look beautiful" he also adds "Thank you" I mumble shyly. Prim stares at Peeta for a moment then asks, "Peeta, what happened to your face? Where did you get that bruise from?" I look up and take a good look at Peeta, and sure enough he has a massive bruise forming on his cheek near his hair line. And I find myself being unable to look away from Peeta. Shaggy blonde hair that looks well kept but is unruly and I have to fight the urge to run my hands through it. Bright blue eyes that make me feel as I'm looking at the ocean. Long light blonde eyelashes that shock me because when he blinks they don't get tangled. He isn't extremely tall compared to me but tall enough