AN: Special thanks to plumgal1899, themockingcat, hutchmeup, and titania522 on tumblr for betaing this for me. A banner will be up soon for it, thanks to nightlockinthecave on tumblr ! Lust…. Want…. Need…. Desire…. I pulled the hair tie out of her hair so that it spread across the pillow. She is so beautiful lying under me. Just from removing the hair tie my pants have become so tight it's almost unbearable. She looks down as I try and move my pants to make it more comfortable. "Let me help you with that," she says. A hiss escapes me as she unbuttons my jeans and pulls them down. My underwear follows. As she grabs a hold of my member I let out a groan."Katniss!" "Hey man, are you listening?" my best friend Finnick asks. "Sorry, yes I was, that seems like a great idea for your third anniversary with Annie," I answer back almost too fast. Oh man. I was daydreaming of Katniss and I together again. Like it's likely that it would ever happen. I haven't even talked to her before. But that first day of freshmen year when I saw her in the student union, I was a goner. Now she is the subject of my every fantasy. It's almost shameful. As if by fate, said girl of my fantasies walks into the class room. Oh my, she's taking this class too! "Peeta! You have been drooling over that poor girl for years and haven't had a girlfriend in so long that I'm surprised that your blue balls haven't turned black and fell off don't you go tap that?" exclaims Finnick. "I've never even talked to her, Finn," I say. "So get to talking," he replies. As our professor walks she starts the class. "Ok, this semester there is going to be one large project for the semester. And you will be paired with a partner..." At this point I tune the professor out because I know I can find out what she is was talking about from Finn later like I do more of the time when we have the same class. I start starring at the back of Katniss' head and I return to my earlier daydream... " Katniss!" I groan, she takes her thumb and rubs the precum around the tip of my dick. It feels sooo fucking good too! A moan escapes my lips when she takes her hand and gently but tightly wraps it around me, moving in a up and down motion. Every once in awhile she takes the other hand and fondles my balls. I can't even begin to explain how good it feels. This isn't my first hand job and it's still the best hand job I've ever had... "Katniss Everdeen you will be partnered with Peeta Mellark," The professor says. What?! At that, I'm again awakened from the daydream. I have a semester long project with Katniss! It's as if the clouds moved apart and heaven's doors opened up to me! Finnick glances at me with the goofiest look on his face then winks at me. I feel my face heat up. "Please spend the rest of the time discussing your project and getting to know your partner." The professor drones on. At this point I remember what class I'm in. Anatomy class. Oh no! I can only imagine what the project will be about. Katniss comes over and sits in the empty sit by me and the stack of papers with our itineraries comes to my seat. I grab one and pass the stack to Katniss, I then look down to read the assignment. The point of this class is to learn and understand the purpose of the human anatomy. You and your partner will be required to know where everything inthe body is located. Also how ALL parts of the body work. The differences in the male and female anatomy are also required. At the end of the semester, you and your partner will have to turn in a project with three parts: pictures, diagrams, and a written portion explaining everything you learned. After reading this, so many dirty ideas start running though my head. "Ok, so how do you wanna go about doing the project?"Katniss asks meekly. She has such a soft voice. "Uhm," I shake my head, "I think we should work on the whole thing together since we are both going to need to learn all of it," I say. "Ok, but is it ok if we don't work at my place?" she replies. "Sure…" I answer and we exchange phone numbers. I don't understand why Katniss would want to work on the project in my dorm except maybe because I have a single person room. But she insisted on it. And who was I to say no? A hot girl wanting to come to your room alone is like every guy's dream! And from what I have gathered from the texting between us the past few days, Katniss is really shy in front of people. She won't say anything in the class but this definitely doesn't reflect the nonstop texts we've been exchanging which only make the daydreams increase... Up and down. Up and down. The rhythm of her strokes is so wonderful and I feel my orgasm coming. As good as it feels I don't want to come just yet. I still her hand and remove it from my cock and before she can say a word I latch on to one of her nipples and suck on it for a moment, earning a loud moan from her. I then slowly kiss down her stomach until I hit her underwear line. I look up at her one last time just to be sure it's ok and see her nod her head. Looping my fingers around the waistband I pull them down… A knock on my door wakes me up from my nap and I jump up to make sure the room looks okay. Before opening the door I check my reflection in the mirror on the back of the door and try to fix my hair quickly. Opening the door, my breath catches as I take a glance at Katniss. I can't even help butto look her up and down. She is dressed as if she is going out on a date even though she is dressed very casually in a V-neck shirt with dark jeans and flats. She even has on makeup which is different for her because she normally doesn't wear it. But then again she is stunning without it. She has left her hair alone, keeping it in its normal braid. In her hand she has a case of beer, which I didn't expect since we are going to be working on our project, but the beer is welcomed. Maybe it will make Katniss more comfortable. I mean it can't hurt. "Hey," I say, realizing I've been staring at her for a long time. "Hello," she replies looking down at her shoes. "Sorry, come in," I say. She walks in and sits on the couch and I go over to my bed and sit down. Okay, this is awkward. "So, I thought I would bring drinks since we are using your place to do the project," she says lifting up the case. "You didn't have to; I don't mind using my dorm room. Here let me take them and put them in the fridge. You want one?" I say getting up and taking the case from her and walking over to the mini fridge. I pull two out and put the rest away. I twist the lids off the top and hand Katniss hers. "So, how do you wanna start this project?" I start. Looking at her again I realize that she doesn't have anything with her to work on the project with and she has her head bowed and is shaking. "Is something wrong, Katniss?" "I'm sorry!" She sobs. "I don't know how to do this. I don't have a way with words like you do" "Do what? The project? What are you talking about?" I ask. Now she is full on crying. I walk over and tentatively hug her, waiting for her to push me away but she doesn't, she clings to me more. Leaning back, she unhooks her arms from around me and snivels. Wiping her eyes with her hand, she asks, "Have you ever liked someone but didn't know how to talk to them and you never even spoke to them before and then you had to be around them and you just didn't know how to approach them or talk to them or even be around them? Your feelings are just so strong that looking at them takes your breath away and the only way you can think straight is by not being around them?" Actually, I do. And the girl is in the same room with me. "Oh who am I kidding? You probably have girls flocking around you and you're super confident so I doubt you get flustered around anyone," she goes on. Well that's the most that has come out of her mouth in the four days since we became partners on this project. I wonder who this guy is and what about him makes him so appealing to Katniss that she is acting this way? Part of me wishes I was said guy, but there is no way I could be, right? "Actually, Katniss with the way you just said all of that to me you do have a way with words and I do understand that feeling. I'm actually going though that right now as well," I respond taking a deep breath. "I've only had eyes for one girl in three years, since the first day of freshmen year here." "Really? Well she's one lucky girl and she just doesn't even know it," She replies back. "I would like to believe she does know," I say. "Do I know her?" Katniss asks. "I think you know her better than anyone." I say lowering my voice. And as I see her face tense up and then her eyes go wide in realization, I quickly lean over and kiss her for the first time. At first, her lips are tense and unmoving. But slowly her lips start to move in time with mine. They are so soft and I reach a hand up to cup her face. I pull away, mostly because I need air, and see that her eyes are closed. When she opens them I fear she will reject me. "You also know the guy I was talking about better than anyone." She smiles and that smile is so beautiful that it lights up the whole room. Pulling her underwear down, I look up and look at Katniss to see if she is still ok with this. Her eyes are closed. "Are you still ok with this?" I question. She gives a small nod and spreads her legs a little bit. I gently slide down and open her legs wider and get my first glimpse of her. Oh my god is she beautiful. Spreading her legs wider I see how wet she is. She is soaking fucking wet and I lightly use my thumb to rub circles on her clit. I see her body completely relax... It's been two weeks since the night I kissed Katniss. Two weeks since we started dating. And theses two weeks have been the best two weeks of my life. Currently, Katniss is in front of her laptop looking up information for our project. We are both on my bed and she is sitting in-between my legs. I feel the need to always be touching her in some way. Right now I'm slowly dragging my hand up and down her side and every once in awhile I'llstop to play with her braid. I feel bad because I can't concentrate and I've already caught myself