Prologue 'for from me and from you a new star shall arise' ~J.R.R Tolkien, The Silmarillion – Of the Fifth Battle: Nirnaeth Arnoediad~ A slender figure weaved its way though the trees as fast as could be allowed, yet the close proximity of the trees made any real attempts of speed unlikely, yet not wholly impossible, or she could not doubt the hope that it was as such. They were gaining on her and speed was her only ally upon her side at present. The fear that welled within her now, was like nothing she had ever experienced before, and she had been in many situations that would have been better suited for such a fear in which held her heart in its icy grasp. Yet, they did paled to compare the shadows that stalked her under the heavy eves of the forest this night. The waning pale light of the moon, which managed to slip through the dense canopy which hung over head, and though the sparse light aided her in her plight, it also served to lengthen the shadows which placed such ill ease within her heart. She knew that time was running out, such a prophesy was not made by any gift of foresight which her kin had been blessed with, instead it came from the thundering foot steps which echoed around her in the confines of the forest. Though even then she found herself questioning as to whether the pounding of her pursuers feet was not just the pounding of her own heart. However, the once distant shrieks of the Nazgûl sounded closer than ever before, frightening close. Moreover, such a thing meant one of two things, some had by some form of luck managed to find a way around Túrion, if not that, then he had fallen to them. Though she prayed, with all that she had and the little hope that remained within her heart, that it was not the latter for she could not bear it. Such a life, a life without Túrion was no life at all, at least not for her. Such a future was a dark one, for he had brought such a light into it, and her path in this life was forever lit to her as long as he had walked it with her. But more than that he had gave her the greatest gift that he could have given her, one that she never imagined that she would have ever have or even wanted. Yet from the moment Hûreth had placed her babe into her weary arms, the mother overcame the warrior, as if there was nothing more natural to her than this. As much as the grief wished to consumer her now, she could not allow it, strength was all she had to aid her in her flight now. The sudden rustling from the eves above her head seemed to tighten and harden every muscle in her body, she she readied herself for the yet unseen threat which loomed over head. With her heat hammering even harder in her chest, as her eyes strained to see beyond the darkness which shrouded her. All she wanted to run faster, put as much distance as she could from the danger behind her and now above her, yet being unable to was almost to much to bare. It did not however mean that she was completely unprepared for any foolish enough to attempt to attack her, child or not, she was still a Ranger, a very maternal one as Halbarad had spoken that such a combination did not bode well for anyone who she felt was a threat to her child. Slipping a sleeping Calien into one arm, allowing her now free hand to slip down to free the dagger from her belt, the feel of the cool metal in her palm was almost as comforting to her as the warm body which her other hand held securely cradled upon her shoulder. The dagger was not much, but at least it was some measure of protection for them from whatever danger lurked in the dark forest. A danger which had just fallen from the lofty treetops in a move which would have had any normal Man laying upon the ground withering in broken pain, if not already being welcomed within the Halls of Mandos. Instinct ran through her, only sensing a threat looming inches from her child, Niriel let her hand snap forward, she had only one shot at this, and she was determined to make to count. Aimed for the heart which lay level with her raised arm, yet her strike was stopped by a steely grip, freezing the blade as it nicked the material over the still beating heart. She rose her gaze then, refusing not to meet the gaze of her murderer, only to look into a set of very familiar eyes, recognition flashed through her, loosening the tight knot which seemed to have taken residence in her chest for the first time since she had began to run. "Túrion – I thought- by the Valar I thought the worst" her words stumbled over one another before she threw herself into her husband equally as desperate grasp, words were not needed to describe what she had feared as she fled from the battle, leaving him to stand alone. Sooner than either would have liked Túrion gently began to untangle them from their embrace, yet his touch lingered. "Nîriel, we cannot linger here. They are closing in on us even now. They shall be upon us soon if we do not continue to move" before either could speak or decide upon another plan of escape from beneath the pressing dark of the forest, another voice came from the darkness, the voice seeming to be instilled within the very air around them. "In that you are wrong Túrion, Prince of the Aratar. They are upon you now" and as if bled from the darkness, a figure in white came towards them, the sight of the man standing before them, brought neither the sense of relief that it once had done, at it had done for Nîriel. "Curunir, traitor of the Maiar. Tell me, what does has he offered you that the Aratar and Eru do not? Have we not taught you all that you know and is He not the one who gave you life and purpose?" demanded Túrion, his voice turning as cold and unforgiving as the icy tops of Caladhras, yet the Maiar still stood arrogantly before him with neither guilt nor pardon in his expression as he regarded the godly Prince before him. The White Wizard replied with only a laugh, leaning upon his staff that he had no need of aid from, as his dark gaze regarded the burning blue gaze of Turion, before finally answering. "The Dark Lord has the power not even The Holy Ones possess, taught by the strongest who stood among them and in that power we shall share, when we rule this Middle Earth". "That is because they choose not to use them, as you well know" Túrion thundered "Maiar, it is not for you or Mairon to rule the World which Eru created or to continue the discord which Melkor began. Would you gladly share in his fate in the Void?" but Saurman laughed once more at these words, a cold, cruel sound, and Nîriel felt Túrion stiffen beside her, though she doubted it was from the same shiver of fear which raced through her own body at the terrible sound. The White Wizard was not one she would be able to fight even as skilled as she was, she was no match against his power, as had been proven before when she had questioned his judgement long ago, the power of the Maiar was more powerful than that of the Dúnedain, but Túrion's power was something entirely different, if he chose to use it. "The right of control is there for those strong enough to take it, there is none able enough to stop us. The Aratar will do nought but sit upon their godly thrones and watch" yet here his dark eyes narrowed as he regarded the golden haired Valar before him. The regal air, which surrounded him, and the light of Eru shone brightly from within, as did the light which shone from within all The Holy Ones, much brighter than those of the Maiar and the First Born and much brighter than that of the Second Born, no one could doubt the Prince's heritage nor his thinly veiled powers. But the bright blue gaze of Túrion did not falter once from the dark corrupted glare of the Maiar both believing in their own words and their own purpose, and neither willing to submit to will of the other. "The Rings of the Elven Lords are fading, Galadriel and Elrond cannot hold against the might of Isengard and Mordor if joint. And Gandalf pah! He has blinded himself with the love he feels for lesser creatures and his faith in me is unshakable, he would doubt those against me sooner than he would turn his back away from me. Going as far as not even heeding your warnings concerning me. You in whom he stands in uttermost regard, Prince" he gave a smile which was no more than a bearing of teeth "The only one now who could stop us in our plans is you. Son of Manwe and Varda, the only Valar who still dares to walk openly within Arda". As he had been speaking, from the shadows came the Nazgûl's and behind them, the orcs, with bared teeth and their clanking, crude weapons. They were surrounded and had no clear way out, escaping such a situation seemed bleak, and near hopeless to Nîriel, no plan that raced through her head seemed to have the slightest chance of working in their favour. Yet she could not so easily give up and merely wait for death. However, Nîriel saw from the corner of her searching gaze, that Túrion had his eyes set on only one thing. Standing to the left of Saurman, and closest to them, was the Witch King of Angmar, Túrion hated remarkably few in his long years upon this earth, yet the Lord of the Nazgûl and Sauron the Deceiver where two that he did. 'I have seen deep within them, and have found nothing. There is nothing left within them that could be saved as no good remains. Their hearts are so consumed with their own greed and the Shadow, no humanity is left within them now '. Túrion had told her as such on one long night when she had first saw the mild tempered Valar strike out against the Witch-King for the first time, it was also the first time in which she saw Túrion as he should be. "Your death will finally set the plans of throwing this world into evolution, as the Valar should have done years ago. Yet" hear the White Wizard stopped himself, and seemingly finding himself deep within his own thoughts before seeming to shaking himself from his thoughts and beginning to speak once more. "The Dark Lord, however, wishes to have one thing from you, something he finds of great importance, which he feels, could throw this war in whomever's side this – power is set within. Your daughter" At his final words Nîriel felt her blood suddenly freeze and her breath catch in her throat, yet her heart hammered still, heavily in her breast, she was barely aware of the sudden jerk from the body beside her, and from small still funtioning place in her mind she could believe that the Wizards words were as horrifying to Túrion as they were to her. Nîriel knew that she would gladly give her life on this night, to kill these servants of Sauron, to hold his coming for just a while longer, to her