A/N: Hey everyone, now if you didn't know already, this is not a multi-chapter story. It will be in third person. Now without further ado, on with the story! Updated - 3/4/17 for typo's, etc. No major changes! Flashbacks He was done, he walked away from that life years ago. He left for a reason. He couldn't be that close knowing there was nothing he could do about it. He changed his name for a reason. He didn't want to be found. But he was and now what? He had a career, a life here. Did they just expect him to come back? Voldemort was dead but so was so many other people. Harry walked into the great hall, looking around for Ron and Hermione. Spotting them he began making his way over to them. Until he spotted something. Something that made him stop in his tracks. The whole Weasley family was mourning the loss of Fred. Sitting around him covered in a sheet. In various states of sadness. Ron and Hermione were sitting next to each other. Ron was crying on her shoulder with their hands intertwined. Something had changed between them. They didn't look like just friends anymore. Harry stared at them for all of ten seconds before he left the Great Hall and headed up to Gryffindor tower. Surprisingly it wasn't too damaged from the battle. Making his way through the school he eventually made it to the entrance of the common room. The portrait opened without him speaking the password and he went up to his dorm and laid on his bed, closing his eyes and dozing off. A few hours later he was awoken to the sound of someone calling his name. "Harry!" Hermione called out. Shooting up from his laying position on the bed, he glanced around eyes landing on Ron and Hermione. "What?" Harry sighed, he really wasn't in the mood to deal with this. Glancing between each other and locking eyes, they made up their minds. "Well mate, we were wondering if we could talk to you?" Ron didn't really sound to sure of himself but neither the less, Harry nodded. Getting off of the bed, he followed them down to the common room. Sitting down in one of the armchairs, he waited for them to sit diagonal from him, on the couch. Once they were seated, they glanced between one another again as if deciding who was going to start. "Well, you see Harry we just wanted to tell you that we um kissed during the battle." Ron started. Seriously they did it during the battle, Harry thought. "And we've decided to give us a chance. We just thought you should know since you'll be staying at the Burrow with us." Hermione explained. "Because you want me to cover for you?" "NO, um no, that's not why. We just-" Ron tried but was obviously struggling with coming up with the right words. "We've just been friends for a long time and it only seemed right that we tell you and not keep it secret." Hermione helped him out. "Oh, um okay. Well good for you guys." It actually hurt him to say that but he buried his pain and put on a brave face. "Really?" They both exclaimed. "Yeah, I'm happy for you guys. Why wouldn't I be? You are good together." Harry lied. "We just thought, you might feel like a little left out. It's always been 'golden trio' and now that we're together. We just didn't want you to feel like a third wheel." They explained. Definitely would not be the reason that I would be upset, Harry thought. "Nah, its all good." At their skeptical looks he continued "Trust me guys, its fine, I swear." They nodded in acceptance. That put that conversation to rest. The next day the Weasley's plus Harry and Hermione left the castle and returned to the Burrow. Harry tried, he really did. The second day at the Burrow, Ginny confronted him and asked him to for a chance to talk. Going outside, they had their long over due talk. "Harry, I just wanted to ask where are we? Because before you left, we broke up but you said it was to protect me. But now that there's no threat, do you think there's a chance for us? Ever?" Ginny held his hand and looked him in the eye as she asked. "Gin, I-I I'm sorry but I don't think so. A lot has happened and I don't think either of us are in a good place right now. Please understand, you deserve someone who loves you that way." Harry begged her, wanting her to understand. Turning away, Ginny looked back at him with an understanding in her eyes. "Your right. Your always going to be important to me. But not as my boyfriend. My friend, we were better as friends weren't we?" "Yeah, we were and you're always going to be important to me but as my friend not my girlfriend." Pulling on her hand, Harry pulled her to him and hugged her tight with his chin resting on the top of her head. "I love you." She whispered. "I love you too." He whisper back. "Always will." He whispered again after a few minutes. "Always will." She repeated before pulling away and looking up at him. Pecking him on the cheek she pulling completely out of his arms and made her way back to the house. Following in her path shortly after, he made his way back to the Burrow and up to his room until dinner. At dinner, Ron and Hermione sat side by side opposite him, leaving him stuck to watch. Eating his food, he did his best to limit the glances he threw at them. Engaging in the other ongoing conversations to distract himself. He made it through dinner and once it was over he went back up to his room and spent the rest of his night there before going to sleep. The next morning at breakfast, Harry was again opposite of them. He was quietly eating his food and conversing with Ginny when, he heard a snip bit of their conversation. "Ron, I'm going to Australia in a few days. I need to get by parents back." "I don't want you going alone." He stressed. "Ron, I can take care of myself." Hermione replied annoyed. "Hermione." He paused and take her hands in his own before continuing. "I know you can, I just want to be with you. That's why I want to come." Looking into his eyes, she made up her mind. "Alright…" she paused before beginning again "But we're going the muggle way." His grin faded the slighted bit. "Those aeroplane thingys?" He tried looking confused. "Yes Ronald." She had a slight smile on her face at his confusion. "And there safe?" He didn't look or sound too sure of it. "Yes, they're safe." His grin came back fully and he replied happily "Okay then, whenever your ready." Turning back to his food, Harry finished his plate before going back up to his room. The next two days continued in the same manner not including the discreet trip to Gringotts. Until the third day. The day of their departure. "Harry, we'll back in two weeks tops okay? You good here?" Ron looked up from his bag and looked at him as he spoke. "Yeah, yea I'm good. Um hey good luck. Hope you find them." He directed the last part towards Hermione, who was standing right beside Ron. They each had a bag in their hand and their other hand was holding each other's. "Thanks Harry." Hermione leaned in and gave Harry a hug, and when she pulled back Ron stuck out his fist and gave him a fist bump. "Well, we're off." "Bye Harry!" They called in unison as they were walking out the front door. Hearing the distance pop of apparition, Harry followed shortly after to his own destination. Arriving in the living room of Andromeda's home, he looked around and waited. Andromeda came out of the door to the kitchen not long after holding a little boy on her hip. As she neared him, she held out Teddy for Harry to hold him. Once he was secure in his arms, he began. "So the reason I um was so abrupt in asking to see you two is because I'm leaving." At the finale word he looked up from Teddy to Andromeda. "I had a feeling you might. Where do you plan on going?" She looked back at him with a certain understanding in her eyes. "I'm thinking the States. Maybe Canada. I'd like to see New York though. Travel maybe?" He looked down at the little guy in his arms and bounced his knee slightly only to receive a smile from the little boy. The boys hair and eyes turned to the same shade as Harry's. "Well, no matter where you go, keep in touch alright? Maybe visit every now and then? I'm sure Teddy would love to see you." She had a smile on her face. She understand why he needed to do this. "Of course Andromeda and I would love to see him too." For the first time in a few days, he had a real smile on his face. "It's Andy. I have a feeling we will see a lot more of each other." Looking up at her, Harry could see the amusement in her eyes. He looked back at Teddy and smiled down at him. Hearing a door close, he glanced up only to find he was alone again except for Teddy. Going over to the couch he sat and placed Teddy in his lap before picking up one of the toys from the floor and playing with him. A few hours of playing with Teddy later, the door opened again and looking up, Harry saw Andromeda walking toward him until she sat next to him on the floor. "Thanks for looking after him for a while, I was able to get my errands done." Harry's head shot up at that and whipped towards her with his eyes wide. "Wait, you left?! I was alone?" Harry exclaimed. He just thought she was in another part of the house busy doing something. "Yup!" She turned towards him and she could see his shock and disbelief. "B-but why? H-how did you k-" He tried before she cut him off. "Harry look, I knew you would be okay here with him. I knew you'd be good with him and be happy to play with him. I trust you Harry, he's your godson." Patting his knee, she put her hand on the end table at the end of the sofa and used it to help her up from the floor. Standing, she went over to Teddy and picked him up. "It's time for his nap, I'm gonna put him down, I'll be right back. Wave bye to Harry, Teddy." The little boy raised his arm and waved at Harry. Waving back at him, Harry stood and waited as Andromeda left the room with Teddy. She returned alone a few minutes later. "He likes you." She said with a smile on her face. He smiled. "Well, I like him to. And I hope me leaving doesn't change that?" He rose an eyebrow in questioning. Stepping forward she placed both hands on his shoulders and assured him. "It doesn't. You will always be his godfather and I know you have to do this. You need a fresh start. So go and get that. Your still going to visit and maybe we can take a trip to see you wherever you are every now and then. Okay?" Nodding he agreed. "Definitely." Giving her a brief hug, he turned and went to the door hand on the handle. He turned back to her and called out. "Thank you Andy." "No problem Harry. Let me know when