Excitement. That is what everyone is feeling. After all, today is the day that every eleven year old boy and girl ventures to the Hogwarts, school of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Well isn't that amazing. But the main reason for every ones excitement, even for those who are already returning to the Hogwarts, is the return of Harry Potter. Harry James Potter, son of James and Lily Potter. The boy who lived, and stopped the threat that was looming over the magical Britain. Well isn't that something? To protect him from Voldemort followers and him becoming arrogant, Albus Dumbledore placed him with his aunt and her family, while placing protective wards around their house. This was done with their consent. But something bad happen year later. It appears, that one stupid amateur reporter broke the law and read through secret files that were sealed from public by Dumbledore. In here naivety she wrote an article with their address. Less than hour after the morning papers, Aurors were called to Private Drive 4. Reason? Four Death Eaters attacked poor Dursleys. In the attack Vernon Dursley died, protecting young Harry and his son Dudley. The attack started with them blasting through the doors, firing curses at everything. The boys were playing with toys, while Vernon and Petunia were enjoying their Saturday. According to pictures, one would think that even Harry was theirs; at least they saw him as one. When attack started, Vernon immediately grabbed a teapot filled with hot tea and threw it at them. Petunia rushed to the boys, hoping to get them away. Vernon grabbed the bat he had hidden in the place, were boys could not reach, and started hitting them (it was revealed, he stocked different weapon around to house, to protect them if something like this happens). But they didn't get far. One Death Eater had enough and threw cutting curse, killing one of this comrades and fatally injuring Vernon. They proceeded to torture Petunia, but didn't get far, when magical blast threw them through the walls of the house. When they got back to the living room, they saw Vernon being surrounded by white light, healing his injuries. They look around the room, until their eyes landed on young Harry, whose hand was outstretched and his eyes shining with power. Petunia's injuries were being healed as well. The three surviving Death Eaters were starring at young boy, radiating such a power and master over magic, that he could heal fatal injuries; even the best healers have problems with. They understood why their Lord chose to kill the boy himself. The boy was like a symbol of life. They fired killing curses, but neither reached him, as they dissipated in middle of its flight. Again, again and again. They tried and tired, but the curse did not reach him. So they tried anything else, but nothing worked. In attempt to get under his skin, one fired a killing curse at his aunt, who was staring at Harry with awe. The curse dissipated again. But it was too late for Death Eaters. Aurors have arrived. Vernon who saw Dumbledore arrive as well started to fight, trying to stop Death Eaters from escaping. But one Death Eater had enough, and fired a killing curse; unfortunately, Harry could not stop it in time. Vernon Dursley died protecting his family. When Dumbledore saw the man fall, the man he came to like after a while, raged. He destroyed remaining Death Eaters with ease. It was testament to the older man power once more. He rushed inside the living room and saw young Harry surrounded by light shield, protecting him and scared Dudley, while Petunia was just getting over her shock at seeing her husband die. "Harry," he breathed out, still starring awe struck at young boy. Harry looked at Dumbledore and his textures softened, and the light started to fade out. Petunia rushed to the boys and hugged them. Dudley was crying, and Harry was shedding tears as well. It was time for tears. Until a hand flew through the air; and slapped Dumbledore across his face. "What happened? You said we were safe!" she yelled at him. Aurors that arrived were in awe for witnessing the power of Dumbledore, next seeing the power of Boy-Who-Lived and now a muggle slapping Dumbledore. "You promised our family would be safe! You promised that we wouldn't lose anyone else!" and slapped him again. And Dumbledore? He just stood there shedding few tears as well, and letting Petunia slap him, after all he failed her and her family. "What happened?" she asked again as she calmed down, sitting down on sofa with boys on her lap, holding onto her. "To be dead woman sneaked into archives and read through the files, afterwards she wrote an article with your address in it. If I didn't raise anti-apparation wards you would have more visitors, probably from both sides," he said solemnly, while Aurors were investigating the scene. "I see," she said quietly, caressing the backs of both her children. Yes, both. During last year she grew attached to young Harry. He was quiet child, but happy as well. But mostly he was caring. When Dudley hurt himself once and started crying, Harry hugged him and calm him down. It was at that moment, when she realised it. They were brothers in all but blood. "Albus," she said quietly, "we are not safe here anymore." He sighed. "I know, but I think it would be the best if you left Britain completely." She looked at him. "But where do we go? We don't even have enough money to support us out of country," she said. "You know I set up a monthly fee to help you raise Harry, I think it is time to raise it a bit," he answered, thinking pose activated. "Yes, but is there enough? I am single mother now, and I won't have free time to work for a long time," Petunia said with small frown. "Ah, dear Petunia, have you forgotten, to whose family did Lily married?" her eyes widened, when she realise it. He chuckled. "Let's get you all packed, shall we?" Petunia nodded. "I will look after the boys. I would help you pack, but sadly I don't know what they will need or what you want to take with you," Petunia smiled him a 'thank you'. Dumbledore took booth boys into his arms. It was bit crowded here, so he took them outside. There were people with both Aurors and people who wished to see their saviour. He focused his gaze onto the small patch of garden and a small bench rose from it. He knew how they will leave so he created a twin baby car seat and placed them there, Harry on left, Dudley on right. He sat at bench, baby seat in front of him. He smiled at them and patted them both. "Now boys, why don't you tell me a bit about yourself?" he said with smile. Both Harry and Dudle giggled and pointed at them self. "Ari!" exclaimed Harry happily. "Duley!" added in Dudley. Harry then pointed at Dumbledore. "Granda?" he asked. Dumbledore eyes widened. Sure he visited a lot, but always when the boys were asleep. "We shall see," he said and patted the boy on his head. Dumbledore saw people looking at him and boys, but he disregarded them. Few minutes later, Petunia arrived, accompanied by one of the Aurors. She was glaring daggers at said Auror. "Is there a problem Petunia?" he asked her. "He," she pointed at the Auror, "won't let me pack the boys toys, saying they are evidence in this case, even if they were on the other side of the room," she said angrily. "They are part of the scene and source of the magic that protected the boys and his family," said Auror. "Does not matter," said Dumbledore with voice full of command, "you will let her pack and you will do it with smile, you understand?" he said glaring at the young Auror. "Y-yes, sir!" he said and ran back inside. "There we go," he said with smile. Petunia shook her head. "You are incredible," she said, he look at her, "you made him piss himself with only a glare," she added, causing older man to chuckle. "Are you ready?" "Just the toys left," she said. He nodded and return to the boys, while Petunia gathered the rest. In ten minutes they were ready to leave. "Now, since apparition, is not healthy for young boys, we will go by car!" he said with tingle in his eyes. "This person," he said pointing at the shaggy looking man, "is a driver, he will take you to a safe house, while I deal with the papers necessary for you," and led them to a car. Remus looked at Petunia and welcomed her by a nod, and then he turned to Dumbledore he nodded. They put the luggage into the car and Petunia took the baby seat from Dumbledore. Setting it safely in the back side, she said alongside Dudley. Remus got into driver seat and started the engine. In swift motion, they were leaving the Privet Drive 4. Dumbledore took a wand from his sleeve and waved it around, before pointing it at the car. A white sphere appeared above the house and started to dissipate, turning into small white ashes, before following the car and surrounding it. In a flash the car disappeared and everyone had forgotten how they left altogether. Two hours later, Dumbledore was seen walking down the Gringots, until he ran into a woman. Or more likely she ran to him. This woman was no one else the Rita Skeeter. "Albus! How lovely to see you! With the Potter address out, I though you will be with them regulating the meeting with all the people, wishes to see him," she said with smug expression. That disappeared seconds later. Dumbledore raw power exploded, creating a heavy white aura around him that started to move towards the sky. The ground bellow him started to crack in all directions. Some started to lose consciousness, from sheer power. Some windows even exploded, but the pieces did not fall, as they were completely destroyed. And Skeeter? She was on her knees, breathing heavily, her eyes wide. "Rita Skeeter, by approval of Minister Bagnold you are sentenced to death! You were found guilty in conspiracy to kill Harry Potter, when you sneaked into the archives and revealing location of Harry Potter. Your action led to death of Vernon Dursley, adoptive father and uncle of Harry Potter. You are to be brought to ministry, before being threw into the Veil, but if you are not willing, you are to be put down on the spot!" he exclaimed, as his power started to create a cyclone around him. "How fortunate, you are unwilling to come with me to Ministry, I guess I have no choice, but to put you down, here and now," and now everyone was gaping. Dumbledore, leader of the Light, was ready to kill someone. "B-but you a-are the l-l-leader of t-the l-light, you c-can't just kill me!" she forced out. "You tried to kill the boy, I came to love as my own grandson, isn't that enough reason?" No wonder he is ready to kill him. He got attached to young boy, and now he almost lost him. "Albus!" someone called. It was Petunia, with twin baby-carriage, "she is not worthy for you to stain your hands with her blood," she added as she came down the stairs of Gringots bank. Dumbledore closed his eyes, and took few deep breathes. "I apologize, please escort miss Skeeter to Ministry, I have to look after my friend here," he said and his magic disappear, as he walked with Petunia towards the Leaky Cauldron. He was not seen for another week. Miss Skeeter met her end, at the hands of