ItsukoAkatsuki: Hi everybody! To all my readers from Blood Ties and to all my new readers; I hope you enjoy this story and all reviews are helpful. I will be putting a short, seemingly, description of Claudia below so you can get a picture of her personality and past. I'm also putting up a polyvore link up so you can see what her attire is for this chapter and future chapters. Once again, I hope you enjoy this story, and so, with that, let's begin Claudia's story… Claudia's Attire: w w twilight_skyfall_claudias_attire_ch/set?id=75889907 (A/N): I have to put the link up like that because this website doesn't like links for some reason. You can also go to my profile where I have my polyvore profile linked and you can see it from there. Claudia Parker: Claudia was born and raised in Miami, Florida. She is fifteen years old but appears and acts like her own person; she is very intelligent, she takes classes that are two years above her grade. Her parents were happily married until she was ten years old; that was when her Mother suddenly walked out, leaving her and her Father to fend for themselves. Claudia has an older brother who is currently serving in Afghanistan; a deployed soldier in the US Army. Claudia's Father, Nolan, was once a respected US Army lieutenant but was honorably discharged when he suffered a life-threatening injury, he was paralyzed from the waist down for over three years but thanks to physical therapy he is able to walk again, only sometimes needing a cane. # Chapter 1: Life is about Living and Shit… Don't Mess with Ouija Boards by Falling in Reverse The first thing I felt when I broke out of my unconscious state was my head. It was pounding, like someone was hitting me with a metal baseball bat, over and over. My hearing came next, slowly but surely. All I could hear was the blaring of the car horn. The rest of my senses gradually came to me. I could hardly feel anything on my body; it was almost like I had been asleep for a long time. It seemed like forever before I could move my eyelids. It took a lot of strength, strength I barely had, to even open them slightly. I didn't know why it was taking so much energy to do this; how badly was I hurt? I tried to focus on something else, anything. I didn't want to fade back into unconsciousness. The car horn was blaring from deep within the car; despite the fact that we were no longer moving. I tried opening my eyes again. It was easier to open them this time but I was still feeling weak. Like I could fall back into the darkness at any second. When I opened my eyes my vision was blurry, clouded, I was pretty sure I had dirt in my eyes. They eventually began to sharpen and soon I could make out the smashed windshield above me. The windshield was destroyed. Almost every part of it was cracked and there was a large gaping hole right in the middle. The hole was big enough to force a person through, and it was splattered with a dark crimson liquid. The moment I realized what it was I felt my stomach flip and then I could finally feel my body. It took a moment before I could move my limbs but I was being cautious for a reason. I might have broken bones so I moved them gently so I wouldn't feel any more pain, and thankfully they were mostly stiff and not broken. Thank goodness… I tried lifting my head then but it only hovered for a quick second before coming back down on the dashboard. "Ahh…!" I yelped, my head exploded in pain. I took a few deep breaths and tried again; using my hands this time. I flattened them on the dashboard and slowly forced myself up. My head screamed in protest, my eyes watering from the pulsing pain, but I managed to lift my head off the dash. I slammed myself against the passenger seat. I was actually wheezing from the exertion. Patches of my vision was beginning to darken in response. I fought as hard as I could to keep myself from passing out again but I ended up fading off for several minutes. Blooding was dripping from my chin and I had a nasty, murky, taste in my mouth. I spat some of it out and let my head fall back into the seat. I whimpered, the seatbelt was cutting into my skin. It had locked itself the moment we crashed. I had jerked hard before my head collided with the windshield. I took this time to catch my breath but between the seatbelt digging into my skin and the pain coming from my head, it was difficult. The slightest movement made my head hurt. I slowly lifted my hands and felt my face for cuts or bruises. I'm going to have a black eye I thought when my finger touched the large swelling around my left eye. It was pretty swollen but I could still see out of it, hardly. I reached higher and that's where I felt warm blood. There was a lot more than I was expecting. I continued until I touched something on the top of my head, a large pain made me gasp, dropping my hand instantly. Judging from the pain I was in, and from the amount of blood, the gash on my head was deep. I hadn't been unconscious for very long. I didn't have to look at the driver's side to know that my taxi driver was dead; I already knew. My eyes drifted to the driver side, and just like I thought, the taxi driver was gone. The white air bag was covered with his blood. The blood then made a trail to the hole in the windshield, and then out onto the hood of the car. I knew it…I knew he would take him…but why didn't he take me first? I laid my head back and just waited for the longest time; that is, until the car horn was really starting to get on my nerves. I opened my eyes again and started to move. I took the seatbelt off and cursed, it had cut into my skin so removing it stung. I felt more stiffness but no overwhelming pain. I sighed with relief. It could've been a lot worse, I was lucky. I looked down at my blood stained clothes and assumed it was either from my head or from the taxi driver. Poor guy…he was probably just an everyday, average, Joe working to support his family…if I had known that this would've happened…I would've waited, at least until the sun came up… he never comes out during the day…good God, he could be watching me right now, I need to get to the train station… The passenger door was pretty banged-up from the impact so I didn't have to push hard to get it to swing open. I took my time stepping out but when I thought about him , possibly watching me, waiting to strike, I hurried my pace, and tried not to think about my injuries. Adrenaline started to pump through my veins and it numbed the pain to some degree. It still hurt but it was bearable. I carefully stood up and used the door for leverage; I took a baby step forward, and limped a little. I lowered my head and tried to get that nasty tasting liquid out of my mouth, it dripped down my chin until I spat it out. I stood up straight, catching my breath, and my eyes wandered to the hood of the taxi. It was completely smashed. I could even see where the car had shattered around him . The yellow color was covered with the taxi driver's blood. There was enough there that I could literately smell it, I gagged in response. I sprawled my hand onto the hood and used it to walk around the car, leaning on it for support. I was moving slowly, taking one step at a time, but I stopped immediately when my eyes landed on something, actually not something, someone, lying face down in the middle of the road…the taxi driver. He was lying on the roadway; his clothes were ripped and stained with blood. His neck was ripped out and what blood he had left was oozing out through the wound. I closed my eyes, my stomach flipped again, and I shuddered. I managed to keep myself from getting sick. Normally, any girl my age would react worse than I did but this was a scene I had seen more times than I would've liked, all brought on by the same man. To be honest; the person I was referring to wasn't a man, he was in no way human. The man I was referring to was a vampire, yes a vampire, and I know what you're probably thinking. That I'm crazy, but I'm telling the truth. But that's not the worst part. This vampire wasn't like the kind of vampires that most people have seen in the movies or have read in books. Mainly, because he was real and he had been stalking me for the last five years, possibly longer but I wasn't entirely sure. I was ten years old when I started to notice a dark figure following me from school. At first he did nothing but appear at the end of dark alleyways or on the other side of the street. He did nothing but stare at me. Although, I couldn't see his face. He always wore a hooded jacket that was two sizes too big for him, and I never saw his face. When it first started, I never really paid much attention to it; mostly because I was ten. I had more important things in mind at the time. Like going to school every day, and hanging out with my friends. After a few months of him following me he started to get bolder. He would get closer to me, cross my path, or even stop in front of me so I would collide with him. But I never let it sink in until I turned eleven. That's when he started to stalk me. He was everywhere; I would see him outside my window, when I was at school, during lunch when I sat outside, everywhere. He would never speak to me or do anything but just stand there and stare at me. I thought about going to the police or my Father but before I could do anything he would disappear and I had no idea where he went. I broke out of my daze when I heard a soft laughter coming from somewhere around me. I flipped around and looked in all directions but I saw no one. I continued to walk backwards, slowly, until I was in the middle of the street. My shoes knocking into the dead taxi driver. I tried not to step on him. I couldn't see him but I knew he was very close; probably watching me with that smirk of his, probably licking his lips, thinking about my blood. He had drained the poor taxi driver, but he was always thirsty, and now…he wanted mine. I stopped moving around then and closed my eyes. I tried to relax, so I could think rationally. If I started to panic now than I knew I would surely end up dead. I took a deep breath and listened. I heard the sound of leaves blowing in the wind, the sound of crows, both their wings fluttering, and the cawing noises they made to each other. It was still dark out but the sun would rise soon and if I could make it to the train station…then I would