The Black Heart Chapter One: Isengard's Welcome AN: The characters in this story are mentioned in my longer tale, Splint. However, I don't think you need to read that story to keep up with this one. Also, this is not Splint , in that, this is not a long story, and will be done in a few chapters. Warning: This story contains mature themes, including sex and violence as well as swearing. It also contains orcs, and lots of them, which would explain all of the previously mentioned. You're warned! Disclaimer: Middle Earth, Saruman belongs to J. R. R. Tolkien, but I do have a good time playing with them. Other characters, including the incidentals of this story, belong to me. No monetary nothing is gained from this endeavor, and if Tolkien saw what I was doing to his world, he might (i.e. he definitely would ) hate me for it... The tower of Isengard was a great, white spire rising out of the lush forest of Fangorn like a shining pike reaching to the heavens. A wall encircled the tower, separating the primly manicured grounds from the dark wood that surrounded it. Approaching this intimidating monolith from the wide road through the forest was a motley group of fifty hard souls. They were Dunland men, lured by great promises of gold for what seemed like a fairly easy task, if one had the stomach to face it. They were all grim mouthed and hard eyed beneath their shaggy beards and furs, a faint whiff of liquor on them to steel the nerves. All except one, a black haired man with a crooked nose and a wild glint in his sharp blue eyes. He picked up the rear, whistling to himself as he rested his head back on his laced fingers, enjoying the fine, clean wind on his face. They had, all of them, discussed on their journey here why they had chosen to embark on this trek, as if their presence demanded an explanation. Almost all had come for the money, but for various reasons. Most were stout fellows intent on helping their tribe through a difficult winter, some were chiefs with the same matter on their mind. A good number were outlaws or green eyed lads, interested in money alone and an easy life after this odd affair, for if the Wizard made true on what he was offering, they would not have to work another day in their life. "And what of you, friend," A serious man with red hair asked the dark haired man with the crooked nose. He had not pitched into the conversation, and they were all of them curious as to why he started chuckling. "I'm innit for the cunt," he said with an easy grin, and licked his yellow teeth salaciously. The whole group went silent, paling at his words. There were anxious, unsure chuckles at the crude joke. They all avoided him afterwards. Geth was amused by their disquiet. A wholly stuffy nosed bunch, the lot of them! Still, he considered himself fortunate to fall into such an easy job. His face had become too well known in Hollin, and once the lads in Tharbad found the round young thing he'd left in pieces by the river, they would be looking for him. If he hadn't happened upon the three thieves that had led him to this group, he would have had to face another stint in the mountains. Geth had no issue with the goblins there; a right friendly lot once you got to know them, with a fine sense of humor, but he imagined Lorbuz might be a bit miffed after the sordid affair Geth had with his sister, Grez. She was a nice enough girl, but too skinny for his tastes and too loud mouthed for his temperament. Still, his todger needed a dip, and Geth hadn't found a better lay than an orc woman. Those girls knew how to show a fellow a good time. The main hall of Isengard was a large, vaulted room with a dark, foreboding air about it. The gloom inside was cut by shafts of gold light from high windows that illuminated specs of dust and pollen. A wide staircase on the far end of the hall rose up to a balcony. A gaunt, pale man dressed completely in black stood at the top of the stair. He might have been considered darkly handsome of not for the dubious air about him and the marked shrewdness in his grey eyes. The corners of his mouth curled with a knowing grin at the pack of men gathered in the auspicious foyer of Isengard. One of the older Dunlendings, a tall, broad, grey haired chief stepped forward, eying the pale gentleman suspiciously. "You aren't the White One," the chief said, annoyed. "The Wizard calls us here on business and can't be bothered to greet us, eh?" "The Master will be with you shortly," the pale man assured them, gesturing grandly. "Please, follow me. Accommodations have been made for your stay here." The group of Dunland men glanced about, unsure. "Who're you, then?" another man asked. "Thegn," the pale man said with a mocking bow. "Your humble servant, good man, and loyal hand to our goodly Master. Now, please, allow me to escort you to the dining hall. After all," Thegn added with a crude smirk, "you men must keep up your strength for what is to come." There was an uncomfortable clearing of throats and nervous glancing about before the Dunland men followed Thegn up the stairs and through the winding, circular hallways to another impossibly large, vaulted room with wide, open windows overlooking the neatly manicured lawns below. The better portion of the room was filled with an opulent, redwood table. It was piled with food and tankards of ale and carafes of wine. A place was set for each man present; a mysterious occurrence, since they had not announced their number before they arrived. Thegn ushered the men inside, and, once they were sitting and helping themselves and chatting amiably, shut the arched, gilded doors behind them. What a spread! Geth dug into the piles of roasted fowl and potatoes with hearty abandon. His compatriots were a loosening up with a few mugs of ale. Laughing and joking and putting their minds at ease, but Geth left his mead mostly untouched. After all, he had a long night ahead of him. Better to save his thirst for later. The conversation at the table was mostly innocuous, and steered clear of their reason for being in Isengard. Mostly, the men discussed their hate for the Rohirrim and the Wizard's promise to see them reinstated to their ancestral land. Even the rougher blokes in the group fell in with this topic. Geth scoffed to himself. He was a Dunlander by birth, but had not associated himself with that land since he was a small lad, displaced by straw headed soldiers. What remained of his kin went north, driven out of Dunland by tribes already scraping by. Geth had no loyalty to any country or people, and had lived on his own feet, by his own wits, since he was old enough to leave the miserable hut of his drunken, hard fisted father. The men at the table were roaring, their duty here mostly forgotten in their beer. Geth used a small, fowl rib bone to pick at his teeth, leaning back in his chair comfortably as he listened to them jabbering on around him. He wondered how long they would be kept here waiting. Though he had to appreciate the subtlety with which the Wizard worked. The idiots around him had mostly forgotten their unease all together, and a few even made randy jokes, laughing bravely, as though they were sitting in the waiting room of a brothel. Geth smiled toothily at that thought, rolling the bone on his tongue before spitting it onto the stone floor. "Gentlemen," a sonorous voice broke the conversation. The men assembled turned towards the door, where a tall, elderly man stood, clothed in the whitest robes Geth had ever seen. Beneath his long, white beard and bushy brows, his sharp blue eyes were knowing and serious. "I am pleased to see you all are in good spirits," continued the Wizard, for Geth imagined could be no one else. "Rest assured, your efforts will aid in bringing about the downfall of the wretched Men of Rohan." There was a general, rumbling approval among the Dundelings. The Wizard smirked subtly, his long, bony fingers steepled at his waist. "The progeny you beget here will tear asunder the very heart of Rohan," the Wizard told them with a well rehearsed flair. "They will reap such vengeance upon your foes, that the horse men will have no choice but submit, and you will know it is Dunland folk that strike down your enemy." There was a round of noble nods and fierce eyes that burned for reprisal for what was lost to their forefathers. Geth smiled and shook his head. It was a fine tactic, to rouse men with thoughts of glory, and he had to appreciate the cunning of the old man standing at the door. These lads might have had a mind to back out last minute, but now there was honor and fealty at stake, and leaving would seem like treachery to their own people. Geth, who had never bothered with honor or fealty, stood with the rest of them, eager for a pleasurable night and a heap of gold at the end of it. A little of that coin might go to Lorbuz and Grez to buy their easy forgiveness. At least then Geth might have a safe place to winter and a little highway robbery besides, if Lorbuz was of a mind to cut him in again. A pair of goblins, their rough skin mottled shades of gray and black, waddled in behind the Wizard, and the Dunland men shuffled anxiously to see them. "My servants will see to the preparations," the Wizard said gesturing to the orcs, who bobbed their heads obligingly. With a final, dire nod to the men gathered, Saruman the White swept grandly out of the room. "Hurry on den," one of the goblins rumbled, waving the men along. Hie was a stout, tiny fellow in a ratty, brown tunic, with long arms and blood red eyes and a little dollop of thinning, black hair in the center of his skull. "Don't wassste our time, sha !" the other goblin hissed, annoyed, as she picked up the rear. She was wearing a loose, baggy dress tied at her thick waist, her matted hair pulled back in a rough piece of twine. The she orc's long, wiry arms shooed them along, and her wide hand shot out and slapped Geth hard on the thigh, urging him to pick up the pace. "Now, now, my lovely," Geth said with a cheerful, toothy smile as he rubbed the sting she left him appraisingly, "no need to rough me up." The she orc regarded him curiously, her bright, green eyes running up and down his form as she walked behind him. She huffed loudly through her hooked nose, fogging the metal ring that hung between her slitted nostrils. Her pointed ears pinned back as she narrowed her eyes. "Spent some time 'round my folk, eh?" she queried, her voice sharp and hissing. Geth looked ahead at the stiff cadence of the men in front of him, their bearing wholly uncomfortable as they descended the dark stairway after the male goblin. They had gone completely silent, like a line of grim faced soldiers going into battle. A few were peering over their shoulders at him, confused by his easy manner. Geth turned back to the female behind him and grinned charmingly. "Obvious, is it?" She smirked, open mouthed, and ran her long, red tongue along the sides of