One-Shot for Starvation's a Hallows Eve contest. Read and review. *Note; Peeta was not including in the careerer alliance in this story.* Nightmares. They are the very things that haunt your existence; the one place you can't be immune to fear. They reel you in, and hold you down, and as you wake, the only things you hear are your own screams drowning in themselves. They are inescapable, and while you slip into dreams, you forget your fear, so it creeps right back up and attacks you, because that's the thing about dreams; while they start off safe, a feeling of comfort and sleep, they blossom into things of deadliness, and drain all the sanity from you. I can see myself in the reflection of the river next to the Cornucopia, waking from a sweat covered sleep and a shaken body. The faces of those I so heartlessly killed haunt my thoughts, and I can hear the screams of all those who voices I made cease to exist. I jerk up, my eyes now wide and alert, and remember that someone must be guarding. My eyes flutter over to my left, and a see an unimpressed Clove lazily tossing rocks into the river. What is it like to dance across water? I watch the stone, and it flies before my eyes as if in slow motion. It first glides over the water, and then falls, but picks itself up right after. It jumps across six more times, and then finally cannot hold itself any longer, giving in and falling into the water. Only three bubbles come up as it sinks. I must appear so naïve, being fascinated by the skipping rocks. I look back at Clove, to see that she is staring back at me. "Why are you so interested in that?" She blurts out, unsuccessfully trying to keep a bored expression. She doesn't fool me though, I can see sudden twinkle in her eyes. The edges of my mouth twitch up into a trace of a smile, and I feel the blonde hairs that have fallen into my face tickle. "Because, it's as if," I start, waiting for her reaction. "It's like they're free, even if it's only for a little while." I whisper, knowing the Capitol wouldn't appreciate my words. Then again, I think to myself, if you don't want us to talk about it, then don't make it true. She gazes back at me, awestruck, and I see her face retake its solemn, sarcastic expression as another member of the group groggily wakes up. It's Marvel. "Morning." He says cheerfully, and I can't help but smile back. Marvel is generally a good careerer. He's strong, talented, and has a great, positive attitude that never seems to falter. I hope I don't have to end up killing him, but it will be one of the only deaths I feel a bit of remorse about. "Are we taking another watch, or do you want to get up?" He asks. I generally appreciate how Marvel doesn't assume the overly brute District One attitude, and rather likes being the follower instead of the leader. Honestly, it seems as though he'd rather be taking orders than making them, which works to both our advantages. "Might as well get up, the day is young, and we have some tributes to find." I respond, standing to yawn and stretch. "Time to wake up Barbie…" I can hear Clove mumbling, and I can't help but laugh. I see her smile, large in the corner of my eye. Marvel takes the call to wake up Glimmer, the female tribute from his district. I have mixed feelings for the girl. First off, she has a natural, down-to-earth type of attitude that I have never associated with District One, yet her mentors force her to act prude and alluring, something I can obviously tell she is not. With the way she crosses her hands and legs over her exposed skin, and the way she lets her blonde locks fall and hang over her bare shoulders, I know this is not how she planned to win, yet listened, because these people must know what they're doing. Secondly, I can tell her and Marvel favor one another, and the sad smiles and glances they share show that they understand they won't live past this, yet it's nice to live as long as possible. I would feel bad killing her too; because I know it's something Marvel would not hate me for, seeing he can't hate anyone, but he would never accept me as a human being for again. Then, finally, all that's left is to wake the District Four girl, Amnibrine. She is small and delicate, as if she would snap like a twig, and I first underestimated her for it. Then, she proved her worth in training, demonstrating a vicious talent for spearing and throwing axes. Once were all up and ready, we scour the forest and hunt out our potential victims. I can see the blurry images before me as the sharp points penetrate my skin. I can hear the intertwined sounds of screaming and terror as the insects fly wildly, attacking those at random. How did this happen? I think to myself, just as it all comes back to me. Glimmer was keeping watch last night, and we awoke first to her screams. Then, we felt the same, immobile pain she was experiencing. The tracker jackers came from all angles, and no matter how we swatted them and ran, they always seemed to catch up to us. I saw Clove, Marvel, myself, and Glimmer get up and run, but Amnibrine didn't make it out as fast, trying her luck at burying in her sleeping bag. As soon as she realized that wouldn't work, she frantically attempted to remove herself, but alas, the attacks continued until she simply staggered away and collapsed at the edge of the camp we had made. I looked to my left and seen Clove, and to my right was no one. Where's Marvel? I think, and an actual feeling of sadness immediately overtakes my body. I then see him panting behind me, and I turn around quickly, only in time to see his red eyes and streaming tears. I decide to look back and leave him to mourn, concluding that to him the inevitable has happened, and Glimmer was killed. However, I don't hear a cannon, so I wonder if he is holding on to the slim chance that she is still living, breathing. Of course he is, who wouldn't be? As we collapse into the area surrounding the Cornucopia, my thoughts wonder to how we are defenseless, and a feeling of fear sets in just as I slip into oblivion and a world of hallucinations. The venom of a tracker jacker is designed to target fear in our minds, and find it, it does. The next few days, it seems, are horrid, and the worst part is that I can't tell where they start and where they end. My dreams start off in a world away from the games, my home, District Two. They go into my house, the home of my little twin brothers and even littler baby sister, Carawin. They sit in my home, alongside my mother and father, with expressions of terror upon their faces. Then, the scene changes. Suddenly, they are in the arena, here, with me, and they are standing on plates and being risen into the arena. My body is immediately overtaken with fear. They are here, in the arena! My mind screams at me, and the immediate will to protect my family floods my senses. I can then hear the gong ring out, and then we all run like hell towards the Cornucopia. There, I can see myself grabbing weapons at random, and thrusting them at my opponents. But wait, I'm aiming for my family too, but it's not…me. Who am I? I can see myself, brute and vicious, hurtling weapons in every direction, and then I lift my arms and see the twisting, golden bracelet upon a scrawny, pale arm, and I know exactly who I am. The boy I just killed, so painfully, slowly, and heartlessly. I then see myself turn towards me, as the boy, and come charging in my direction. I frantically start to turn away, but just like the boy, I falter in my footsteps, and fall to the ground with a thud. Then, myself, Cato, hovers over me, creating a deep shadow. "Please, don't!" I cry out, just as the boy had. Instead, I see myself laugh, and lift my sword above my head. "No, wait, please!" I scream, not caring how weak I look. I just want to live. Suddenly, I can see how this is just like Clove, and her stones, and here is my first hit upon the water. Then the sword goes through me and I drown out in my own screams. After we awoke from the tracker jacker attack, the Careerer alliance consisted of only me, Clove, Marvel, and a newly recruited District Three boy, Adriat. He had convinced us to let him live, claiming he knew a way to reset the mines for us, something I had never, in the games history, heard of. But hey, the boy was from District Three, the place of wiring and electronics, so why not give him a shot. It wasn't like he could end up escaping us anyways, so we let him in. Well, little Adriat sure proved himself, and tested it by setting off one of the original mines just to show it. Because of those actions, District Ten boy was discovered, so we had even less tributes to go through. Adriat now wears a seemingly relaxed smile, though I know he's shaking beneath the surface. If he doesn't expect me walking behind him, he flinches, and I just know he's terrified to discover his overall fait, in the end. He certainly knows he won't win, but is just holding up and onto the slim amount of time he has left. As we sit here around our camp lazily, I can't help but notice how Marvel's expression has since sunk, and is more of a dazed, sorry feeling. It has to be over Glimmer. Then again, he had to of known that in the end, the inevitable would happen, and she would have to die for him to win. Unless, that is, he hadn't planned on winning. I shake the thought from my head, Marvel's not stupid. My mind wanders to what Clove and I have. It's not necessarily romantic, but we are more than friends, that's for sure. Could you kill Clove? I think to myself, and glance over at the brunette beauty that sits just to my left, the angle she has always stayed with. She is laid back, soaking in the heat of the high sun. Unlike many girls, she isn't one to complain about heat. Rather, she soaks it in and relishes in it, saying warmth is the greatest power, fueling everything. That's when I notice it. Just beyond the trees, and not to far from our camp, a green smoke is rising from a most likely unsuspecting tribute whose misfortune it was to not know the different woods smoke off more heavily. I say to the others quietly, "Look," with a point of my finger. Clove follows my glance and jumps up to fill her pockets with knives. Marvel jumps up halfheartedly, and grabs his spears. While I contemplate whether or not to have Adriat come, Clove makes the decision for me, throwing a spear into his hands. With that, we take off, and I think I see the faintest sight of dark brown hair, like Katniss'. I ignore the feeling, and continue, thinking she's not crazy, if she got that eleven. Suddenly, anger fills my senses. How did the Gamemakers somehow deem her more worthy than me? I've trained