Disclaimer: I own only Arieal, Shadowbane, the song of the trees, and the message sends to Arieal from Galadriel!! Everything else belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien and Line Cinema!!! Here is Part Three of the Legolas's Heart Saga! In Rohan ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo I rode Shadowbane swiftly over the plains of Rohan, Legolas riding Hasufel with Gimli clinging to his back as we followed Aragorn and Arod. However, I had to hold Shadowbane back. He was the leader, for he was a Meara, a lord of horses, and he refused to be treated as a average horse. So I leaned down to his neck, and I whispered softly in his ears, "Hush, my friend. You have done me great service for this, but now you must follow Arod. His rider is leading for the moment. So wait you must." Legolas looked towards me, and I knew he had heard my words as I relaxed back into my saddle. I kept my eyes forward, for Shadowbane was still in a mood. Sometimes I was fearing his anger, while at other times I was at ease. This was one of the times I was fearing the stallion's anger. "Arieal," Legolas said gently, and I looked at him. "Yes?" "Shadowbane... he runs with a regal stance. Pray, what is he?" I smiled. "A Meara," I responded, and the horse's black head rose even more. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Suddenly, Aragorn rode into a circle of rocks. We followed, and only moments after we were inside, men on horses galloped by the opening, riding in pairs. I rode Shadowbane out once the last of the riders passed, and stood him on the crest of the hill. He reared as I shouted in a loud voice; "Sons of Rohan! What news from the Mark?" Aragorn and Legolas rode out as the group turned the steeds and rode to our group of four. Gimli eyed each rider as they circled around as they pointed spears and drawn arrows at my companions. Shadowbane and I sat silent. A single rider rode forward, and I greeted him as a friend. "Eomer, son of Eomund. What news comes from you?" "Lady Arieal," he bowed his head respectively. "Long has it been since your last coming to Rohan." "Indeed it has my old friend. Now quickly, I have heard tidings that all is not well in Rohan," I insisted, and I felt Legolas's eyes on me. "Is everything right in the house of Theoden son of Thengel?" "Nay, fair Lady," Eomer answered. "None is right in the house of Theoden. But who are your companions who ride the fair mounts that I myself gave you? An Elf I see is one, and a Dwarf on the horse Hasufel behind him, and a man on Arod. Name yourselves!" "I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn. The Elf is Legolas of the Woodland Realm of Mirkwood, and the Dwarf is Gimli son of Gloin," Aragon answered, pointing to our companions. "We passed through Lothlorien a week ago." "You survived the Golden Wood? And met Arieal on your way here I assume-" "Nay, we met her in Lothlorien," Legolas said, and my heart froze as he continued. "For she is daughter of the Lady of that Wood." Eomer's eyes fell upon me. "You never told me you were daughter of the Lady of the Golden Wood." "You had never asked," I responded in an even voice. "Had you asked, I would have answered." "Few escape her nets, and if you are her daughter, than you and your companions are net-weavers and sorcerers, perhaps." "Eomer, son of Eomund," my voice rose in a soft anger, and Shadowbane reared and screamed his anger and my own. The horses of the Mark stepped back, against their Riders' orders. "I have known you for a time that I myself have forgotten how long, and now you dare question my loyalties?!" I was angered, and Shadowbane made that known by pawing. "I have fought by you and your King's sides in many battles, and dare you question me?!" Eomer backed his horse in fear of my rage, and Shadowbane snorted at his movement. "Peace, Arieal," Gimli called, and I held Shadowbane back as he spoke. "Eomer son of Eomund, I would advise you to not use such foolish words against such a fair yet dangerous being, and also warn you against such words of evil towards which something so fair beyond your thought's reach, and only little wit may excuse you!" Eomer's eyes blazed, and the Men of Rohan began to advance angrily again, but Shadowbane forced them to back off with his screams of anger. "I would cut off your head, Dwarf, if it stood just a little higher from the ground," Eomer stated. Legolas and I drew our bows and fit arrows to the string faster than any would have ever done. Together we spoke, "He stands not alone. For you would die before your stroke fell." Eomer spoke again. "Forgive me, Lady. I do not mean harm to you, my friend. I know I have spoke ill of you, and that I should not question you or your intentions after the time I have known you only because I just learned of your lineage." I relaxed my aim, and put my hand on Legolas's wrist to urge him to lower his bow. He did so after a gentle press. "Eomer, my friend, I understand your apprehension towards me now, and I forgive you for what you have said about me and my mother," I replied, and I repeated my question from earlier. "Tell me of Theoden's need. You said none is right in his house." Eomer sent his Riders away before answering my words. "Orcs have been plundering our herds the last seven years, stealing the black horses. Shadowbane was lucky to have been given to you, for he would have been taken as well; only a few of his color are left," he answered. "And Saruman has claimed lordship over this land, and there has been war between us for many months. He has taken Orcs into his service, and Wolf-riders, and evil Men, and he has closed the Gap against us, so that we are likely to be beset both east and west. "It is ill dealing with such a foe, my friend; he is a wizard both cunning and dwimmer-crafty, having many guises. He walks here and there, they say, as an old man hooded and cloaked, very like to Greyhame, as many now recall. His spies slip through every net, and his birds of ill omen are abroad in the sky. I do not know how it will all end, and my heart misgives me; for it seems to me his friends do not all dwell in Isengard. But if you come to the Kings house, you shall see for yourself. Will you not come? Many times before you have come to Rohan's aid, Arieal, but do I hope in vain that you and your companions have been sent to me for a help in doubt and need?" "I will come, my friend, but you must have patience. My companions and I have pressing business in Fangorn. Two of our companions were carried off by the orcs that you have slain there, but they escaped into the wood. We go to search there." "Of course, Arieal," Eomer replied. "Once we have seen that they are safe," I said, "then we will come to Edoras." "Then I will see you, my friend," Eomer said, and he and I gripped each other forearms. "Til we fight together again." "Til then," I responded, and he moved to the side, and Shadowbane reared leading the two behind him to the Wood of Fangorn. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo We came to the edge of the forest at dusk, and as Aragorn discovered what had happened the night before, I listened to the trees for confirmation. 'The orcs camped here...' they whispered to me. 'The halflings escaped before, for they tricked an orc into taking them away from the camp. Then once he was killed, they cut their bonds and fled into the safety of our forest. Fangorn found them shortly after they had rested, and now they are at his dwelling. Your ally is waiting at the steps.' "Merry and Pippin are safe," I stated, drawing my companions' attentions. "And our ally awaits us. For now, let us camp, and rest. And if we must have fire, do not use any off the trees." Once the fire was made and the horses picketed save for Shadowbane, who followed me to the fire, and laid down where I sat, allowing me to sit upon his back as he laid. The others watched as he stood and I laid upon his bare back, the warmth of his body rising into my own. Aragorn and Legolas laid down as well, for Gimli was on watch, only they were on the ground while I was on my faithful friend's back. "Gimli!" Aragorn cried drowsily. "Remember that Arieal said not to cut bough or twig from the trees, but do not stray far for wood. Let the fire die rather! Call me at need." Then he fell to sleep. Legolas was already resting motionless, his fair hands upon his breast folded, and as the way with our race, his eyes were unclosed. I did the same, only I began speaking with Shadowbane by thought. 'Milady, I sense another meara like myself, only stronger, a lord of lords of horses. If he calls, I must obey,' he stated softly. 'I understand my friend. But at least warn me before you do so. Then I do not get carried off, for I am the only one who can guide them to our ally in Fangorn. I will be safe, do not worry,' I replied. 'Of that I do not fear, it is whether you are alright in the company of a dwarf.' 'If Legolas trusts him, then I do as well.' The horse snorted, which drew Gimli's attention. 'My young filly, you have found your stallion have you?' 'Do not take such a tone with me, Shadowbane,' I growled. 'For I am not one of your foals.' 'That may be, Arieal, but I still feel as though you are,' he replied. 'And I approve. If you both survive this war, you will both make a fine pair.' 'Thank you for your words, Shadowbane. You are a true friend.' He whinnied very softly, which was chuckling in his mind. Gimli once again looked at us. 'Go to sleep, Arieal. I will watch over you. If anything is wrong I shall awake you.' I exhaled softly, and fell into my dreams as I stared into the stars of the sky. ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo I was asleep, and I could feel Shadowbane moving as he grazed around the camp, and I faintly heard Aragorn speaking to someone, then Legolas gave a cry as Shadowbane gently flexed his shoulders under my head, warning me of his soon departure. "The horses! The horses!" I launched from my slumber, landing from his back to the earth as he reared and followed Hasufel and Arod. I stood and looked after him. 'Fare thee well, Shadowbane,' I whispered. ' And thee farewell, Arieal of Lothlorien,' he answered. I turned back to camp and saw the three staring at me as I walked to the fire. "Well, they are gone," Aragorn said at last. "We cannot find them nor catch them-" "They will return when their Lord says it is time to return. Even Shadowbane had to obey his call, and so he did. Once we meet the ally we will have our horses again. Do not fret," I said simply, warming my hands. "That old man you saw," Legolas stated, looking at Gimli. "If you wish to know what I think," he began, "I think it was Saruman-" "If it was Saruman, blood would have been shed by me, Gimli, for the trees