prologue. Faramir entered the spacious throne chamber, his footsteps quiet against the polished stone of the floor. Up ahead, Denethor sat in council with his advisors. The pair of older men looked up and bowed in greeting as he entered. Denethor, however, did not even bother to glance in his son's direction. He only sat and stared into some unseen distance, as if gazing at something no one else could see. Faramir stopped before the throne and made a respectful bow. "My lord," he began, "I bring news." His words seemed to pass unheeded. The Steward only maintained his unfocused stare, and took a long, slow drink from the goblet in his hand. For all intents and purposes, he might have been alone in the room. The advisors looked at each other, uncertain of what, if anything, they should do. One cleared his throat uncomfortably, but did not speak. After some moments of awkward silence, Faramir continued, more hesitantly. "I have just spoken with Borom--" With a sudden, violent motion, Denethor flung the contents of the goblet into his son's face. The young man froze in mid-word, his expression one of shock and disbelief as tepid ale ran down his face and dripped off his chin, spattering his tunic with dark spots. The advisors could only stand and stare in horrified silence. Then the Steward finally spoke, his voice sharp and deadly as the edge of a knife. "Leave us." The elders retreated as hastily as propriety would allow. Father and son were left alone in the silent hall. Faramir stood without a word, humiliation smoldering inside him. He resisted the urge to reach up and wipe his face, but couldn't help blinking as the thick, sticky liquid burned his eyes. Slowly, every movement laden with menace, Denethor rose from his throne. He advanced on Faramir like an oncoming thunderstorm, seething with barely concealed hatred. Faramir stood his ground as his father leaned forward till their faces were inches apart. He refused to allow himself to move, and stared fixedly off at a point somewhere beyond his father's shoulder. He kept his expression closed, unreadable, knowing from long experience that to show any fear would only invite another attack. Finally, Denethor spoke, his guttural whisper somehow more terrifying than any scream. "Do you know," he began, "what you have done to me?" Faramir sensed the question did not require his response. He remained silent and motionless as Denethor stalked around him like a predator circling its prey. "Right now my first-born, the pride of all Gondor, lies in a sickbed. For nearly four days, he lay writhing in a poisoned fever, delirious with pain. The healers could not even tell me whether he would live or die." Denethor stopped directly behind him. Heart hammering, Faramir forced himself to remain still. "And why did this happen to Boromir?" Denethor asked in a deadly whisper. "Why?" Faramir swallowed, trying to moisten his parched throat, but his voice remained dry and tight as he began, "Because--" "Because of YOU!" The shout was so sudden, so close to his ear, that Faramir couldn't help but flinch. This, of course, only heightened Denethor's fury, and he bared his teeth in a feral sneer as he strode around before him again. "Oh yes, I spoke with your men. Or should I say, the only two of your men who escaped that disaster alive." He loomed in front of his son, eyes burning with a rage that bordered on madness. "They told me much, my loyal soldiers. And what they did not tell, I learned all the same." His mouth twisted in a grotesque smile. "So, it was a dragon that stalked our lands these many months, slaying our men at will. And you did nothing to stop it." "I--" "And yet, when I send Boromir, the beast is slain within days. What, pray, does that tell you?" Faramir was shaking with humiliation and rage, trying to hide it, trying to keep the shame from his face. "Father, I tried to--" "And then, Boromir is wounded in combat with the creature, poisoned, no doubt, by its claws." He reached up and ran a finger down his left temple, indicating where Boromir would forever bear the scar of his battle. "He is brought home fevered, raving, near unto death. And why was this?" Faramir said nothing, wouldn't meet his eyes, continued to stare at the same fixed point. "WHY?!" The response was a flat whisper, devoid of all emotion. "Because of me." "Because...of...you." Denethor's lip curled in disgust. He stepped forward, his face filling Faramir's entire view, eyes blazing as his entire body quivered with fury. "Do you know...what I would have done...if Boromir had died because of you?" Faramir didn't hesitate for an instant. "You would have killed me." Denethor actually took a step back at his son's matter-of-fact reply. "What?" Confusion and shock flickered briefly across his features. "No! I..." There was a moment's silence as the Steward appeared to engage in some internal struggle. Then his anger seemed to cool, and his face settled into a cold, expressionless mask. "Never mind. It matters not. My son will soon be well again. That is what you came to tell me, is it not?" "Yes, Father." "Good. At least on occasion you perform your duties as you should." With that, he turned his back and strode back to the throne. Settling himself down again, he regarded his younger son for long moments that felt like an eternity. Briefly, Faramir's impassive gaze faltered, and his eyes flicked towards his father before he quickly looked away again. Denethor shifted position as if uncomfortable, then mused, almost to himself, "After all, I can expect no better of you. You cannot be all that your brother is. I accept that." Slowly, Faramir's hand clenched itself into a tight fist, held quivering at his side. "Thank you, Father." "Mm." With the barest grunt of acknowledgement, Denethor thoughtfully rubbed the stubble on his chin. At last, he ordered, "You will return to Osgiliath and take charge of the garrison there. When Boromir is well enough to travel, I will send him to you with reinforcements." He gave an unpleasant smirk. "Try not to lose the city before then." Faramir's fist remained clenched, the edges of his nails digging into his palm. "I shall do my best." "For all that is worth." He went on, enjoying his own jest, "Who knows, you may learn to enjoy the taste of victory. Perhaps it would be a pleasant novelty for you." Faramir forced his mouth into a smile that never reached his eyes. "Perhaps." "Now go." He made a sharp gesture of dismissal. The young man gave a stiff bow and turned to leave. But before he had gone more than a few paces, a voice called from behind. "Faramir!" He stopped in place, but didn't turn around. "Yes, my lord?" "The healers said that Boromir often spoke to you in his fever dreams. Did he say anything of...Isildur's Bane?" It was fortunate that Faramir hadn't turned, and that his father couldn't see the look of shocked recognition on his face. However, he only said, in all truthfulness, "Boromir...never said those words to me, Father." "Hmm." The tone was unconvinced, suggesting that the Steward was not entirely satisfied, but felt he could learn nothing more at the moment. Distracted and indifferent, he ordered, "Tell the servants I will need another drink." Faramir exited the chamber and closed the doors behind him with a heavy, echoing slam. He walked away down the deserted corridor, not breaking his stride as he reached up to his face and roughly wiped away a dampness that had nothing to do with ale. -- Boromir never said those words to me, Father. But I heard them all the same. Autumn had come to the forests of Ithilien. A chill wind whispered through the trees as the last traces of daylight slowly drained away. Faramir shivered slightly as the evening grew cold, and drew up the hood of his cloak, shadowing his face. As he led his Rangers up the winding path to Henneth Annûn, he turned and glanced back over his shoulder. The sun slowly descended in the west, briefly dipping below the layer of sullen gray clouds that had hidden the sky all day. The setting sun enkindled the clouds with brilliant shades of red and gold, but the beauty of the sight could not diminish the shadow that had fallen over Faramir's heart. Stepping off the path and pressing his back against the stone wall of the slope, Faramir waved his men ahead. They complied without comment, some nodding in respect as they passed. Their captain, usually so conscientious of his brothers-in-arms, scarcely noticed them. This evening, his mind and heart were far away. Almost two months had passed since Faramir's confrontation with his father in the halls of Minas Tirith, but the pain of that encounter was still as fresh as a recent wound. Time, it seemed, was no healer where such hurts were concerned. And ever since Boromir had left Gondor, time itself had become nearly meaningless. Faramir's days blurred one into another, each one nearly indistinguishable from the next. And his nights... ...his nights belonged to the dream. Seek for the sword that was broken... It had been summer when he'd first had the dream, after his brother's victory over the scarlet she-dragon. Faramir still shuddered at the memory; that victory had nearly cost Boromir his life. Faramir remembered the tortuous nights spent beside his sickbed, watching his beloved brother struggle against whatever unknown poison seethed in his veins. Faramir had hardly dared to close his eyes in all that time, fearing somehow that if he let down his guard for an instant, Boromir would be lost. But in the endless dark hours, sleep had come nonetheless; brief snatches of oblivion that brought neither rest nor comfort. In Imladris it dwells... At first, he'd dismissed the recurring dream as meaningless, born of too much worry and too little rest. But as the days passed, Boromir grew well again, and Faramir departed to Osgiliath on his father's orders. And still the visions returned, time and time again. Doom is near at hand... Osgiliath, despite the best efforts of Faramir and his company, had been overrun by the forces of Mordor. Only the arrival of Boromir and his troops had turned the tide, and reclaimed the city for Gondor. However, no sooner had that battle been won, than Denethor had sent his eldest son on a mysterious errand to Rivendell. Isildur's Bane shall waken... Faramir shook his head sharply, as if trying to dispel a cloud of buzzing insects. Trudging heavily up the steep path, he forced his thoughts back to the present. This day's fighting had been heavy; the forces of Mordor grew bolder day by day. Fortunately, there had been no casualties among his men; all would rest safely in their hidden refuge tonight. The sun dipped below the horizon, plunging the land into sudden shadow. Faramir turned back for one last glance. His shadowed eyes reflected the uncertainty in his heart as he gazed out at the twilight. Why, he wondered, did his brother's unknown mission fill him with such foreboding? What was its link to the dream they had both shared? And where are you now, my brother? he mused, as he lowered his gaze and slowly turned away. Where are you now? -- Many leagues distant, Boromir sat in silence beside the road, as the surrounding forests faded to black in the deepening night. His small campfire did little to ease the chill in the air, but he found it a comfort nonetheless. Idly, he reached out with a long stick and poked at the branches blackening in the flames. With his nightly meal finished, and his bay stallion Cirion tethered and peacefully grazing, there was little else for him to do. Dropping the