DESCENT TheElf's footsteps were almost soundless against the leaf-strewn floor of Mirkwood. He moved like a shadow through the ancient trees, silent and watchful, leaving no trace of his passing. The air was cool and still, the dim green forest-light fading to gray as the unseen sun sank towards the horizon. Up ahead, he could see a clearing. The thick leafy canopy thinned slightly, allowing a few shafts of golden light to pierce the ever-present gloom. Legolas stopped in place, his bow firmly in hand, and listened. In the center of the clearing was a tunnel, opening into a small, asymmetrical hillock, not much taller than he was.The mouth of the tunnel gaped crookedly, the rough-hewn stones that lined it jutting like misaligned teeth. Wispy curtains of web hung across the entrance, lying still and motionless in the deepening chill. Legolas felt a faint unease as he gazed upon it. I have walked these woods for countless ages, he thought, yet have never seen this place before. His expression darkened. Some new goblin-haunt, perhaps. No matter how many of the foul creatures he destroyed, his hatred of them never lessened. The power of the Enemy still spread through the forest like a sickness; despite the most valiant efforts of his people, the darkness seemed to grow stronger every day. And this tunnel...wherever it led...gave forth a distinct sense of evil. He took a step towards it, silent and wary. Upon examining it further, he realized the tunnel could not have been newly dug. The stones that lined the entrance were worn, and the dangling spider webs were dusty and dry. Legolas heard a faint breath of wind coming from inside, like a quiet sigh. The tunnel almost seemed to whisper, dark voices on the edge of his hearing... help us Legolas raised his head, looking puzzled. What was that? He had heard something. It was barely there, the faintest, most distant whisper, but real nonetheless. help us He frowned. There it was again. It was definitely coming from the tunnel; or rather, from inside it. Legolas looked around, glancing up at the shafts of golden sunset lancing down through the thick, concealing leaves. "The daylight fades," he told himself quietly. "It will be night soon." Perhaps it would be wisest to return in the morning, with others of his kind to aid him... help us The whisper was louder this time, more urgent. The voice was calling to him; calling for his aid. Suspecting a trap, but unable to turn his back on a cry for help, Legolas hesitated a moment more. Then he turned his face towards the tunnel, and stepped inside. -- The tunnel floor was treacherous, as the stone slabs beneath his feet seemed to conspire to throw him off-balance. But Legolas remained steadily upright as he made his cautious way downward. What little light there was faded to nothing before he'd gone more than a few steps. Now he walked in utter darkness, with only his other senses to guide his way. He ran his left hand along the tunnel's stone wall as he descended, his every step cautious but sure. A faint breeze touched his face, whispering past his ear. He felt a dangling web brush his forehead as he continued on, but he merely moved it aside, unperturbed. His keen ears detected the sounds of tiny spiders scuttling away to avoid being trodden on. So, he thought, something in this place yet lives. Thus far he'd heard nothing of the distant voice that had touched his mind when he'd discovered the tunnel entrance. A mortal being might have told himself that he'd imagined the whole thing. The Elf, however, did not have the luxury of self-deception. He had heard the voice, the cry for help. Thus, if there was any chance he could discover its source, he had no choice but to try. There were more webs in the darkness, now, clinging to him as he continued sightlessly forward. He drew forth a blade, cutting through the webs with his right hand while continuing to run his left along the rough, uneven stone of the wall. Then he paused as a sound met his ears. It was a whispery, rustling noise, like dry leaves in the wind, mingled with tiny patterings and faint, almost rodentlike squeaks. It came from the unseen blackness that yawned before him, growing louder, and closer. Legolas already knew what it was. Spiders. He drew his second blade and stood at the ready. He thought briefly of his bow, but dismissed the thought. The spiders would be upon him too quickly for that. He had barely finished the thought when he saw tiny pinpricks of red light in the darkness ahead; eightfold clusters of glittering scarlet eyes. They grew closer and closer, clinging to the walls and floor and ceilings, ringing the tunnel like obscene constellations in a pitch-black sky. The rustling of their countless legs was accompanied by the angry chattering squeaks of spider-speech. Legolas stood his ground as the horde rushed up to meet him. A set of eyes launched itself at him from the darkness. An effortless flick of his wrist, and a spider the size of his head lay in two pieces on the ground. Another came at him, and another, leaping at him with raspy, high-pitched squeals. He cut through them without mercy, whirling in place as the pack moved to surround him. One of the smaller ones, no bigger than a fist, dropped unseen from the ceiling and landed on his shoulder, hairy legs scratching against his neck. He gave a grunt of disgust and swatted it away. The spider squeaked pitifully as it dropped with a faint thump onto the scampering bodies of its comrades. Another spider, this one the size of a dog, tried frantically to wrap its webs around the Elf's leg, and was sent flying with a swift kick to its bulbous body. Legolas was surrounded by a sea of glittering red eyes and twiglike legs rustling in the darkness, engulfed in their overlapping chittery cries and shrieks. As he whipped his blades forward in a scissoring motion, cutting a fat spider into four pieces while stomping another's head into the ground, a strange realization came to him: not all the creatures were attacking. Many of them scuttled past as fast as their limbs would carry them, avoiding the Elf's slashing blades, gibbering to themselves as they fled into the darkness beyond. The horde was thinning, now, the sounds of their cries growing fainter. Legolas kicked away another spider as it scuttled across the toe of his boot. It hit the wall with a dull thump like an overripe fruit and rolled to the floor. It righted itself, turned its tiny gleaming eyes to him and gibbered what sounded like a series of angry curses. But instead of attacking, it only scuttled past him, fleeing for its life. His chest rising and falling from exertion, surrounded by still-twitching limbs and pieces of dead spiders, Legolas stood at the ready. He listened warily as the last of the creatures retreated into the distance. The rustling sounds of their movement grew fainter, fainter still, and disappeared entirely. All was silent, and Legolas was alone in the darkness once more. The spiders were fleeing, he realized, lowering his blades but not re-sheathing them. They attacked because I stood between them and escape. He narrowed his eyes and peered into the blackness that lay behind him. What could have put them to such terror, that they would risk death to escape it? What could... help us Legolas gasped and whirled around. It was the same voice he'd heard at the tunnel entrance, a whisper of fear in the silence of his mind. He shook himself as if trying to shake off a clinging web. He risked the barest whisper: "Who are you?" No reply came. He spoke again in his mind: Who are you? Still no reply. The air grew warm and close around him, and he was conscious of the closeness of the walls, the blackness pressing in around him, the stink of the dead and dying spiders that littered the ground at his feet. Fighting down an irrational urge to flee, he steeled himself and started forward again, heedless of the wet crunchings underfoot. He walked soundlessly through the pitch darkness, twin blades at the ready, every sense strained to its utmost. The tunnel sloped steadily downward, descending deeper into the earth. The ground grew damp beneath his feet, then muddy, clinging stickily to the soles of his boots as if trying to hold him in place. The warmth intensified, but it was not a pleasant feeling; it felt as if he was wrapped in the carcass of something recently dead. And the damp smell of earth and dust was slowly suffused by the smell of something else, something that made the Elf's shoulders tense as he walked on... help us help us With a shudder, Legolas violently shook his head. The cries were louder this time, stabbing knives of fear inside his mind. Voices crying out in terror, and desperation, and inconceivable pain... Heedless of the danger, he shouted into the darkness, "Who are you?" No reply came. He heard a soft, thick sound of dripping liquid. He felt his heart beating hard in his chest, and was infuriated by his own unaccountable fear. What is this place? he asked himself angrily. What evil power dwells here? The air reeked in his nostrils, smothered him in its heat. But he gathered his will to go on, and took a step forward. With a faint splash, his step landed in a shallow puddle. It wasn't water. He stopped. The air stank of blood. He reached out blindly, and brushed the fingers of his left hand against the wall beside him. His hand came back wet, and sticky. Legolas raised his hand to his face, and the smell told him what it was, as clearly as if he could see the bright crimson staining his flesh. So, he thought. He hesitated one moment more. Then Legolas tightened his grip on his blades' handles, and charged forward into the darkness. -- The tunnel took him deeper and deeper, twisting and winding until it seemed he must have passed into the very heart of the earth. Legolas ran blindly through the reeking darkness, the warm stench of blood like a hot, damp cloth smothering his face. The smell filled his nostrils, burned in his throat. Each running step was a thick splash in the obscene liquid that sloshed and roiled along the floor. The river of blood was up to his ankles, now. Every now and then a drop would fall unseen through the darkness, landing with a soft thap on his tunic, tracing a loathsome trail down his cheek. The horrors of the blood hall only increased the Elf's resolve. The very walls cannot bleed, he told himself grimly as he ran on, undaunted. This...spectacle must have a source, and a purpose. Clearly something, or someone, was determined to frighten away unwanted visitors. But the Prince of Mirkwood was undeterred by such theatrics. No matter what terrors the unseen evil threw in his path, he would face them, and discover the source of the cries... ...the screams for help... ...help us... Legolas shuddered, and his steps faltered... ...help us... ...help us help us help us HELP US HELP US!! He gasped and stumbled, falling through darkness as the screams stabbed though his mind. Briefly disoriented, he let out a grunt of surprise as he landed on a floor of solid, dry stone. His head spun as he carefully rose to his feet. He'd been caught off guard by the power and intensity of the cries, of the sheer terror they poured into his mind. Breathing deeply, Legolas fought to steady himself, angered by his brief weakness. The thoughts are not mine! he told himself.