The forests of Gondor lay warm and still beneath the midsummer sun. No breeze stirred the trees, and the faint birdsongs seemed muffled by the blanketing heat. The only sound was that of hoofbeats; a single rider, moving at a fast trot beneath the sheltering branches. He had ridden long that day, allowing neither himself nor his mount any rest. As the figure passed between a line of trees, he slowed the horse to a walk and looked all around him, the faintest hint of a smile touching his features. Although tired and hot from the long day's ride, he felt a certain satisfaction at the quiet solitude of the woods. Solitude was a luxury Boromir seldom enjoyed. The son of Denethor allowed himself a drink from the waterskin that hung from his saddle, then rode on at a moderate pace. Although the task that had sent him forth from Minas Tirith was not a pleasant one, he still felt an almost-guilty pleasure at the chance to escape the city's confines. Boromir loved the White City with all his heart and soul, there was no question of that; but still, deep inside, he sometimes felt that the pressures of command came close to overwhelming him. Today, he thought, at least I have but one errand to run, and not a thousand... At times, the call of freedom pulled at his heart, but his loyalty came first. The needs of my people will always come first. He drew a deep breath as he rode through a close-grown stand of tall trees; the air was cooler here, and the deep shade was a welcome relief. Lost in thought, he failed to notice a shrouded figure, watching him silently as he passed... "Have you perhaps lost your way?" Boromir immediately reined around at the voice, drawing his sword in one fluid motion. Glancing back sharply, he saw a figure, hooded and cloaked with a bow slung across his back, stepping out from behind a tree. Boromir blew out heavily in exasperation, recognizing the man well before he drew his hood back to reveal his face. "Faramir," he observed wryly, returning his sword to its sheath. "I see you've nothing urgent to occupy your time?" The younger man smirked at this. "Not as yet." He walked out from beneath the tree cover, and looked up at the mounted warrior. "My apologies if I startled you." "You didn't," the other replied quickly, with the barest flicker of a scowl. Faramir suppressed another smile. "So," he went on, "What brings the greatest champion of our fair city out into the wilderlands?" Boromir's tone became serious. "I've been told of the strange disappearances that have plagued our armies of late. Our father has sent me to ascertain the cause." The other's expression darkened at this, and he looked away. "Yes," he conceded. "It is disturbing. There are always losses, of course, but..." He looked back up at his brother, and his eyes were sharp and angry. "Not like this. I fear some devilry is loose in these woods." "In which case, the sooner I proceed with my search, the sooner I may discover the truth." Faramir arched an eyebrow. "Alone?" Boromir's response was more defensive than he'd intended. "Yes, alone. Why not?" Shifting position, Faramir said, "It would be safer if someone accompanied you. I could spare some men, or come myself." " Your place is with your company," Boromir replied, as his horse stamped a forehoof, impatient with the delay. "I agreed to this errand, and will pursue it myself." "Must you take every task upon yourself?" the younger man asked with visible annoyance. "The weight of all Gondor need not rest on your shoulders. Even now, you do far more than you should, with no complaint. Before long, Father will have you patching every roof that leaks when the rains come--" "Enough!" Boromir angrily jabbed a finger towards his brother and snapped, "Our father is a great man! He honors me with my duties! Perhaps some day you'll live long enough to understand that!" With that, he spurred the horse on and rode on without a backwards glance. But he could hear Faramir's curt reply fading out behind him: "Someday the burdens you place on yourself will break you entirely! Perhaps you'll live long enough to understand that !" Boromir looked back over his shoulder, but his brother had already disappeared from sight. He rode for some time, and his simmering anger gradually subsided to a grudging self-reproach. Perhaps he'd been wrong to vent his anger upon his younger brother. After all, he thought uncomfortably, it wasn't Faramir's fault that his words had come uncomfortably close to the truth. Boromir ducked his head and pushed a low-hanging branch out of the way as he rode on, the forest growing deeper and closer around him. At times he truly did feel like all of Gondor was depending on him, that all would be lost if he ever faltered, or failed... Forcing the unwanted thoughts from his mind, he concentrated on the task at hand. But he did resolve to make it up to Faramir upon his return. After all, the two might quarrel at times, but neither held a grudge for long. And, he reluctantly admitted, he truly didn't know how searching the woods alone would solve anything. Particularly when he didn't even know what it was he sought. He'd nearly resolved to go back, and try another day. But then, his mount tossed its head and half-reared, dancing sideways as if afraid to go further. "What is it?" Boromir asked in irritation, spurring the horse onward. However, he'd only ridden a short distance farther when... ...the smell hit him. The Gondorian knew what it was, and his heart sickened. He'd lived through too many battles not to recognize the stench of recent death. It seemed to come from close by, and though he dreaded learn the source, he knew he couldn't turn back now. Looking around, he saw a sword of Gondorian make, lying abandoned on the ground, and several arrows, buried deep in the side of a tree. Boromir coaxed the unwilling horse forward, rounding a line of close-set trees that barred his path. Suddenly, he yanked at the reins, jerking the horse up short. It reared and pawed the air with a neigh of fright, then dropped back to earth, snorting and stomping in agitation. Boromir gave a hissing intake of breath at the sight that met his eyes. Then his jaw set in a tight line, his eyes narrowing with mingled disgust and rage. The clearing was strewn with the bodies of Gondorian soldiers. There were at least twelve, maybe more. They'd been slashed, gutted, dismembered...and at least three looked as if they'd been burned. There were other signs of a recent fire: scorched, barren trees and blackened patches of leaf-covered earth. The air hung heavy with the reek of human blood, and teemed with clouds of black flies. Boromir felt sickened by the carnage, but he steeled himself and urged his unwilling mount forward. Nervously, the horse trotted a few paces, then shied back, the whites of its eyes showing as it flattened its ears and whinnied in near-panic. "Steady!" Boromir halted his steed and dismounted, leading the frightened animal to a stout tree, where he tethered it. Still nervous, the horse swiveled its ears and pawed the ground. Ignoring it, Boromir cautiously approached the nearest body. Grimacing with revulsion, Boromir crouched down to examine the corpse. The man was no one he knew. But every time a soldier of Gondor died, their champion felt it in his heart. It was more than the just deaths themselves that troubled him, however. There are no enemies fallen here, he thought, frowning as he stood again. Surely the company was not taken so unawares, that they took no attackers with them! He let his gaze wander around the clearing, and saw no orc-arrows, no weapons of Mordor-make. What had killed these men? And why had some been burned? Suddenly, his horse reared, yanking sharply at the tethering reins, its neigh a shriek of terror. Boromir looked to it sharply, then turned back as another sound reached his hearing... "H-help me...please..." It was a woman's voice, close by. He froze in place, trying to place the direction of the sound. "Where are you?" he called. "Here...please help..." The voice was weak and strained. He sprinted towards the sound, scattering leaves beneath his feet as he ran. Rounding a clutch of trees, he came to a sudden halt as he saw a woman lying on the forest floor. Her brilliant red gown, shimmering in the narrow shafts of sunlight, spread out around her like a pool of gleaming liquid. Her long black hair, tangled in ropelike locks, was flung over her face as she struggled weakly to rise. Without a moment's hesitation, he rushed to her side. "Are you hurt, my lady?" "Unnhh..." she groaned, then raised her face to his. Her eyes were pale gold beneath long, dark lashes, and her beautiful face was drawn and pale. "I am weak...tired...please, help me stand..." Carefully, he helped lift her to her feet. She leaned on him for support; he could feel her trembling as if in some lingering shock. Boromir asked, "Were you attacked?" "Yes." The word was bitter, and for a moment, the woman's face twisted in anger. "But I live. They were strong, but could not slay me." "They? Who did this?" She didn't answer. The Gondorian glanced back towards the clearing, hidden from sight beyond the line of trees. She must not see what lies there, he thought firmly. It is no sight for a woman. "Wait here," he told her. "I will bring my horse." She nodded, and braced herself upright against a tree trunk as Boromir dashed back to his mount. He undid the horse's tether, and led the trembling animal back to where he'd left her. She looked up at their approach. For an instant, an unrecognizable expression flickered across her face. Then she smiled, and the man felt his blood warm at her gaze. The horse, however, shied and snorted at her approach. Boromir, annoyed by its irrational behavior, commanded, "Be still!" Then he turned back to face the woman, who was regarding the beast with a cool, appraising look. He said, "I will take you from this place, my lady. You can find sanctuary with my people..." It occurred to him to wonder how such a richly dressed woman could have gotten this far into the woods on her own. "Have you no companions?" he asked, more out of concern than distrust. "Or were they also..." She turned her gaze to him, but said nothing. "I'm sorry," he amended. "I should not trouble you with questions." He turned away and adjusted the saddle, patting the horse's shoulder to try and calm its inexplicable panic. Then, from behind, he heard the woman say, "You are kind and gallant, my lord Boromir." He froze as a slow suspicion crept over him; he hadn't told her who he was. "But fear not, I shall recover from your kinsmen's attack...once I have fed." A sharp blow slammed into the back of his head, pitching him forward against the horse's side with a grunt of surprise and pain. He crashed to the ground, cursing his own foolishness as his sight wavered and faded. The last thing he heard were a horse's agonized scream, and the sounds of ripping flesh. Then the world went black. -- Slowly, painfully, Boromir returned to consciousness. He was aware of standing upright with his back to a cold, hard surface; which, even in his dazed condition, struck him as an odd way to reawaken. Then he realized that he was bound against a rock wall. Something--ropes?--held his wrists against the wall, above his head. His arms ached from being held upright; he must have been unconscious a