I don't own anything from Percy Jackson except the Oc's i created Chapter 1 "Today ladies and gentleman you are going to see a jump in human genetics" a male figure wearing a white lab coat said into a mic that resounded all around the room. All around the room were army generals and scientists that all have funded this facility and experiment. In the middle of the room was a large tub of water that had needles all around it. Next to the tub of water was a vat of what looked to be molten bronze that gleamed in the light, all of the scientists have been preparing for this and they now finally had a candidate that would survive the procedure. "As you know, over the years we have found children that hold strange powers and with these children that are always two connections. One is that at least one of their parents mysteriously disappeared and two their DNA is like no other human's meaning that they should not literally exists" The lead scientist stated as he began to walk through the crowds towards a bunch of machines. Flipping on different switches, a heart rate monitor along with a pulse rate monitor was turned on. "We have named these beings Mutants thanks to their extraordinary powers and with your help we have been turning them into the perfect weapons to use against our enemies. You all have supported this procedure however we have not been able to complete it… until now" The scientist smiled as he moved his arm, pointing towards his left where to guards dressed in riot gear walked in, roughly pushing a boy who appeared to be around seven years old. His hair was jet black and reached his shoulders and his eyes were a glowing sea green. His body looked like had been trained in ancient Sparta with the muscles he has. "This is Weapon X" "X?" a general called out making the scientist turn his head "X. means ten in roman numerals" he responded and turned back to the crowd "the amazing thing about Weapon X is that his power allows him to draw in power from any water source. With this power along with our research we have managed to create a serum that will allow his wounds to heal as fast as they can be dealt to him thanks to all the water in the air and blood in his body" The scientist nodded towards the two gods who grabbed the helpless boy and dragged him towards the tub of water all the while the boy just stared at the vat of molten bronze "Dr Wilson. Are you sure he can survive this. He is just a child" another scientist asked looking at the leader of the operation who just smiled at him and nodded, they began to strap the boy onto a metal table over the water "Listen to me okay kid. You're going to be okay, you will probably feel pain like never before however it will only be for a short while" one of the guards whispered into the boys ear, the boy nodded as he was firmly strapped down however the restraint on his left hand felt more loose compared to the one holding his right arm down. "The metal you see before you is known as Celestial Bronze. It is an extremely hard metal that is near indestructible" Dr Wilson began however images started to appear in the boy's mind of why he will escape An image of his mother appeared however as soon as the boy saw her eyes he scowled and started to become angry, he knew exactly why he was here, he was left out in the forest and was taken in by Dr Wilson. Noises started to be heard bringing the boy back to reality as the needles all around him began to turn. That was the one thing he hated. Needles. They started to move in closer, spinning too fast for the normal eye as the tip of the needles seem to glow with a tinge of orange showing that they were boiling hot "I'm sorry for this my boy. But it's the only way to make sure they won't hurt you" Dr Wilson whispered to himself. He turned and nodded towards one of his fellow scientists who pressed a button The needles moved in closer and suddenly plunged themselves into the boy's body, the molten celestial bronze began to fill up the needles as the boy began to squirm "Begin the Celestial Bronze bonding" Dr Wilson called out. The molten bronze inside the needles slowly started to pump its way into the boy's bones, coating them and making them near indestructible. The boy's squirming became a sudden thrashing as he withered in agony "Why is he thrashing like that? Shouldn't he be on Anaesthetic" one of the generals asked however Dr Wilson just shook his head "No. because of his rapid healing no drugs will work on him. He feels pain just like all the rest of us" Dr Wilson stated however a sudden beeping was been given off alerting Dr Wilson "Sir. His hands. The boy's hands have taken too much of the metal, they may not be…" the scientist stopped as they could hear screaming from the tub of water. The clear blue water slowly began to turn red. All of a sudden a bronze colored looking blade that lengthened to around fifty five centimeters long burst out between the boys middle knuckles, the water turned even redder as the same thing happened to his right hand. The boy was screaming in agony as the monitors showed the bronze fully bonding with his bones. All of a sudden they heard a rush of water, the boy sprung to his feet standing in the middle of the tub of water. Blood was leaking from his knuckles, chest, arms, legs however they watches as blood soon started to disappeared and the boy's wounds begin the heals. All they could do was watch as the boy's chest that had been ripped during the metal spiking through his body slowly close, they saw his ribs glow a bronze color just before his skin covered it up. "Rahhhhhhh" the boy roared in pain and anger as he stared down the people that turned him into an animal. The two guards that brought him into the room quickly aimed the guns at him *BANG, BANG* The sound of guns firing as bullets were shot directly at the boy, one of the boys went right into the boys skull making his head snap back however he simply just looked back towards the guards as the bullet was pushed put from his head and the wound healed The boy gave a loud growl and then jumped onto the guards, the blades that came from his hands impaled into the first guard, pulling the impaled guard in front of him the boy used him as a meat shield as he moved closer towards the remaining guard. Spinning around as he ripped his blades out of the impaled guard he swung wildly and decapitated the other guard. He looked around the room as all the army generals and scientist stared at him, he just snarled at them and escaped the room, cutting down any obstacle in his way. The boy made his way towards the exit stopping just before the door he looked over the blades that were now a part of him. They glowed in the darkness as he tried to calm down, his breathing slowed down and the bronze blades slowly began to re-enter his skin he watched as the left large slits in between his middles knuckles that soon healed over. He soon started hear footsteps coming from behind him, taking action the boy kicked down the exit door and ran out into the wilderness. … He had been running for days now. Every time he stopped for more than an hour the facility's hounds would find him and alert his hunters. All he wore was the pair of shorts that the facility had given him and a knife that was strapped to his thigh that he used to slice open the throats of his hunters, however now he had to deal with something much worse than the facility that was chasing him. For some reason ever since he had left the facility he had been chased down giant one eyed men and giant black hounds, for some reason the only thing that seemed to work for him were the golden blades that sprung out from his knuckles which caused blood to spill every time they came out. The night was like any normal night. He had stopped to catch his breath but he quickly heard growling as out from the shadows came a large black hound baring its teeth at him. The boy had enough of the thing chasing him so instead of running he stood his ground, returning growl in response to the beast. The hound charged at him, ready to bite his head off or slice his throat open with its claws. The two large bronze blades came out from the boy's knuckles causing him to grit his teeth from the pain, he entered a battle stance that he had trained with at the facility, and he could say that some good things came out from staying there, even meeting Dr Wilson and his daughter Natalia. The battle stance allowed the boy to put his arm in between the hound's jaws stopping the beast from jumping on him as his fangs bit down, the boy just grit his teeth as drops of blood came out from the puncture wounds. The boy quickly raised his other arm and impaled the hound right in between the hound's eyes, it suddenly burst into a pile of golden dust surprising the boy, and most things he killed leaked out blood. As the boy took a breather he suddenly felt something latch onto his left hand, snapping his head down he saw a cuff clamping down on his wrist as a chain appeared followed by the facility's 'white coats', guards and a pack of hounds. The boy started to struggle, pulling on the cuff with all his might trying to escape as the 'White Coats' came closer "Now, now Weapon X. we paid good money to create you and in return you will obey. I'm sure you wouldn't want us to wipe you again" one of the 'White Coats' said making the boy pause for a second as if remembering something. He suddenly scowled as a powerful aura began to come off him, the aura felt sickly, it didn't feel right to the world as if it was a glitch in the cycle of life, the boy's power seemed to grow as he tugged on the chain. More and more guards had to grab hold as the chain started to move however the boys arm began to slip. The 'White Coats' watched as the skin around the boy's wrist began to tear itself off as blood started to flow like a river, the blood added to the boys ability to escape the cuff as more and more skin began to tear off. Soon enough a loud clang sounded as the chain and cuff it the floor. The boy just stared at his hand as it showed no more skin but bronze metallic fingers, his fingers moved like normal however to the boy he felt like they were no longer his fingers. They were an attachment to a weapon that shouldn't exist. His eyes grew dark and his long hair clouded his eyes, no one could see the anger and rage start to build in his eyes as the blades in his arms began to slide out again. The boy looked up and glared at the people who wanted him to be a weapon "You wanted the ultimate