A/N… I'm back. ;) I figured that Valentine's Day was a perfect day to start this little romance. So here's my gift to you guys. I need to explain a thing or two with this fic. First, it's going to be short, approximately 7-8 chapters. Second, it was inspired by a video I saw online – plot bunnies are a beast, honestly – I'd posted it in my FB group, but it's since disappeared from the original website. Third – and the most important – this fic is about sex. It will discuss casual sex, body parts, and sexual reactions to stimulation. If this isn't something you're comfortable with, then maybe this isn't for you. However, all my rules still apply. ;) SUMMARY: When Bella's subject drops out of her experiment with less than two months left before her thesis is due, she panics. In walks Edward Cullen, best friend and fellow med student. Staying clinical may prove difficult when things get personal. Rated M ExB This is also the result of attempting to write for a contest, which seems to be an impossible feat for me, because I'm way too damn wordy. LOL I'll let you get to it. ~ooo~TSB~ooo~ Chapter 1 – Labels Bella Checklist upon checklist, I thought to myself as I shifted notebooks and pages around. There were outlines for my thesis, plans for the room I needed to use for the experiment, and the schedule for the lab. Med school was a never-ending pile of books and paper and labs. It was endless studying and assignments. Rubbing my eyes, I sat back in my chair and took a deep breath. A glance around the USF library showed various examples of humanity. My focus was Human Sexuality, so it was very interesting to watch the give and take of conversations, the shy smiles, the stolen glances, and the nonchalant touches. Fellow students I saw just about every day could be easily summed up with general labels if someone didn't observe them as much as I did. There was the introvert who sat in the corner; she had a crush on the football player who wasn't studying because he was too busy laughing it up with his buddies. The extrovert who sat in the middle of the room in order to be the center of attention. The feminist, always wearing a scowl and Doc Martens. The bad boy who reeked of weed and beer. The genius who graduated high school at fifteen. The whole library was the picture of societal hierarchy…or The Breakfast Club of the new millennium. I snorted to myself, shaking my head, but I glanced up when a shadow fell over me. Narrowing my eyes at Emmett McCarty, I took in his fidgeting. He rubbed the back of his neck, shifted on his feet, and I'd swear he was sweating. And if he was that nervous… "Oh, hell no! You are not backing out on me, Emmett!" I hissed, starting to stand. And I didn't give a fuck that he was a linebacker for the football team; I was pretty sure I was going to punch him. "Bella, wait! I can explain," he whispered, taking the chair next to me, but he shot a glance across the library to the girl I'd labeled a feminist. "Listen, I know the timing is bad, but I just… I mean…" He groaned, his usually childlike grin evaporating from his face and turning into a genuine pout. "I've wanted to ask Rose out for so long, and she finally agreed! You can't hate me for that!" "Fuck, Em," I sighed, rubbing my temple. "You can't do this to me. I've got to have this finished and edited in two months!" I glanced up at him and then across to the girl in the Docs, who was watching us warily. "I haven't found a girl. Would she—" "No!" he answered before I could finish the question. "No, Bella, she's um… She's been through some stuff, you know? And doing that, well… It's not something she'd do." When I opened my mouth to argue that point, Emmett held up his giant hand. "I know, you promised anonymity, but she just…wouldn't do it." "Shit," I grumbled, shaking my head as I glared around the library again. "Damn it, Em… This is my thesis, my life you're messing with! You said…" I trailed off because arguing wouldn't change his mind, and my eyes locked on to a person that I'd been unable to label. Not with just one label, anyway, because so damn many came to mind when he entered a room. To watch Edward Cullen walk through the library, smiling, waving, shaking hands with people he knew, it was easy to label him an extrovert. He was in Med school with me, so he was smart and studious, too. He was long, lean, and muscular, and he'd played on the soccer team for his freshman and sophomore years, so jock came to mind. But really he wasn't any of those things, and he was all of those things. Girls wanted him, guys wanted to be him, and he was respected by our professors. I honestly wanted to label him as perfect, but no one was perfect. The most I could call him was neighbor and best friend, because we lived in the same apartment building, occasionally sharing rides and classes. And he was a reliable study partner, I added mentally as he dropped his bag down on the table across from me at his usual time. Edward greeted Emmett with that guy chin-jerk thing, glancing between us, and his eyebrows shot up when I glared back at Emmett. "Cullen," Emmett mumbled but turned back to me, still bracing for my temper. "What the hell am I supposed to do now, Emmett?" I asked him. "You promised me you do this and that you'd bring the girl. Now I'm out both?" "I have friends that post sex videos online, so…it's not like you can't find people to have sex with…" "I'm not having… It's not a fucking porn ," I groaned, waving him away. "Get away from me. Leave it to a jock man-whore to finally go monogamous." "Bella, I'm…" He trailed off when I shot him a glare. "You're gonna junk-punch me, aren't you?" "Go away," I mumbled behind my hands, setting my elbows on the table as I rubbed my face. I heard the chair push back and knew Emmett had left the table. "Swan." "Cullen," I answered back, my face still in my hands. "If you're hard up for a date…" When I dropped my hands loudly to the table, he chuckled. "I'm just sayin'…" His grin stayed wide, carefree as he shrugged a shoulder. "What's sex between friends?" "A booty call." He barked a laugh, his eyebrows flicking up once. "True." I huffed a small chuckle, shaking my head. This is what we did – a give and take of verbal vomit. We'd been this way since we'd met our freshman year in the dorms at USF. We'd figured out both of us were working toward a medical career – albeit different ones – and we ended up in most of the same classes. Studying together came naturally, which pissed off the girls crushing on him all the time, but he never gave it much attention. Neither of us was from Florida, like some of our fellow students. Edward had grown up in Chicago; however, his parents moved down here our sophomore year. I'd grown up in Phoenix, but I'd spent my last two years of high school in a small town in Washington. We'd had that in common – all alone in a new state, at a big school, and doctor wannabes. Edward's face alone could be a label anomaly. His dark brownish/reddish hair stuck up in every direction, not because it was styled that way but because he had a habit of shoving his hands in it all the time. It looked like he'd just rolled out of bed…or had a quickie in an empty classroom with some girl. The wide, happy grin that took over his features, the sharp jawline, the heavy but expressive eyebrows, and green eyes that had flecks of gold – all those things mixed together to make him just…pretty. But pretty in a handsome, masculine guy way. Edward Cullen was gorgeous. And I tore my gaze away from his extremely amused gaze to the lists of things I needed before my project was due. Emmett just fucked me over, and not in the way I'd needed. My fist came down on the list. "Damn it," I hissed, grimacing at the pain that shot through my hand. "Ow." Edward shifted from his seat to the one at the end, reaching for my hand. "Stop, Swan," he whispered, rubbing the heel of my hand gently with long, talented fingers. "Talk to me. Tell me why you need sex with a jock. He could be all doped up on steroids, so…" He held his thumb and forefinger an inch apart. "He's probably…" When I narrowed my eyes at him, he trailed off but laughed lightly. "Get used to 'roided out jocks, Edward. That's your future clientele." "Get used to small dicks, Swan. That's your future clientele." I laughed at his comeback, but he sobered quickly, still massaging my hand. We teased each other relentlessly on what we'd chosen as specialties, but it was true. Edward was interested in sports medicine and rehabilitation, and I'd chosen sex therapy and human sexuality. "Did he really mess you up?" he asked, true sincerity in his tone, and I nodded, pushing papers around with my free hand. "So…what's the deal?" "You know this stuff, Cullen." "Yes, but explain it in detail. Explain it like you would to someone who hasn't watched your research." He chuckled when I rolled my eyes at him, but he waved a hand to get me to start talking. "My thesis is in two parts – my paper and the video experiment to go with it," I started, looking his way, but he was pulling my pages closer. "This counts as my final grade and the last of my lab work hours, not to mention help me with placement for internship. It's a study on which sexual positions provide the best stimulation, which one is best for conception, and the human physical reactions to those stimuli. The video portion was going to be completely anonymous. I'm editing out faces and such, because I only need certain parts." He grinned but nodded. "And you picked Emmett McCarty ?" "I needed someone in decent shape, and I needed someone who wouldn't be embarrassed to be filmed, Edward, not because I have some sort of thing for him." I pulled my hand away in a huff, but Edward simply reached down for my leg. Lifting up my foot, he tugged off my sneaker and started to work on my instep. "What?! I need the practice, Bella," he argued, rolling his eyes at me when I raised an eyebrow his way. I waved his words away, because really, that shit felt amazing. I certainly wasn't going to argue a free massage, and damn, I was tense enough to need one. "Believe it or not, Emmett's blood work came back clean," I said, glancing up when Edward snorted. "I don't have time now for another male applicant. I have two girls' blood work ready, but Emmett had a girl in mind, so I was letting him pick. I mean, he's the one who was having sex with them." Edward's fingers slipped up my foot and over my ankle to start kneading my calf. "You had backup chicks?" Grinning at the way he said it, I nodded. "Yeah, what's college casual sex with a stranger in the great big picture?" "A one-night stand," he replied with a chuckle. "Right. Though, that ranks up there with human behavior studies, too." I