A/N… HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY! So...I'm back with something a little different. ;) This will probably be the longest A/N for now, so please just bear with me. Okay? This is supernatural/AU/romance/hurt and comfort/mystery. O_o I know…that's a big label, but it's all those things, I suppose. When asked, I couldn't remember or narrow down where this plot bunny came from, but it came with a force I couldn't ignore. Some things are OOC, some things will be pretty canon, and some are completely out of my head. You'll get my drift with just the first chapter. I kept this fic pretty quiet, and I have to thank Jenny and my pre-readers for that, because I wasn't quite sure this would work. Parts of it are so different that I worried it wouldn't mesh out. That, and the bunny came at me full force right at the end of Fire & Ice , which was inconvenient and unexpected . And I know I've teased everyone on FB and Twitter until they were about to riot, but it wasn't until I reached a certain point that I finally felt comfortable to let it out into the world. FYI: The U.S. does have castles, though they are few and far between – the biggest and most popular being The Biltmore in Ashville, NC – but this one is completely fictional. The picture I use in the banners are of an abandoned castle in Belgium. Summary: Masen Manor, home to a prestigious boarding school, Masen Academy. An immortal hiding from the world has his faith tested by a hundred-year-old fortune and a broken, silent girl. AU…E/B…Slightly OOC…Rated M Okay…I'll let you get started, but see me at the bottom for a little info about posting… ~oooOOOooo~ Chapter 1 August 2001 EDWARD My steps were silent through the main entrance of Masen Manor. I shook my head as the name hit me full force. Masen. I hadn't been a Masen in a very long time. I passed through the main hall, the trophy room, and the dining hall. I barely gave a glance at the large portrait that hung over the tables. It was such a farce, a pile of lies all wrapped up in an oil painting of a man I could barely stand when he was alive, but he was merely a symbol. He represented the founder of Masen Academy, a perfect historical figure made to quiet the questions. He was the face that held steadfast over the years while we changed roles like actors in a play. The truth was, my father would never have given up his own personal living space to educate young minds. No, he'd been way too selfish for such an act, which made using him as a symbol all the more satisfying in the long run. A part of me hoped he saw it, that he watched this castle as hundreds of students had moved on from here to Ivy League schools, prosperous careers, and fulfilling lives. It had been eighty years since I'd reopened the doors of my childhood home as a boarding school. I hoped he saw each one of them…and hated it. Nothing I'd ever done had been good enough before; I could almost be willing to bet that anything I did now would be met with just as much, if not more, vitriol. I finally exited out through the dorms and into the east wing through the door that was hidden and always locked. The destruction surrounded me, grounded me, and kept me focused, despite the many, many times the offer to clean it up and repair it had come my way. I sat down in the window that overlooked the back of the castle. Night had fallen. It had been a bright summer day, so there was no escape from the indoors, but I didn't need to leave. It was probably best I didn't, anyway. Not today. Today, it was best I stay locked away. Two figures appeared on the grounds below my window. They couldn't be more opposite if they tried. One was tall and muscular, with russet skin, a heavy heartbeat, and almost black eyes, and he looked no more than twenty-five, but he was at least twice that. The other was pale, lithe, and scarred on almost every inch of his impervious skin . His heart was as silent as my own andhad been since the Civil War. Damn, Edward…I can feel your self-hate from here. You might want to tone that down a little, brother. I've still got two more teachers to move in. Jasper's thoughts were as clear as if he were standing in the room with me, speaking aloud. His blond hair glinted in the moonlight as he smirked up at me. I chuckled, saying, "My apologies, Jasper, for the moving in part, at least, but it was time to shift things around. You know this." He grinned, nodding, and looked around. You changed the cleaning and cooking staff last year, so it only makes sense to shift some teachers around for this year. Esme can pull off another few years, though. "Like I could pull Esme away," I said wryly, smirking down at them. "True," both men said with a laugh at the same time. The darker of the men folded his arms across his chest. "You gonna ask or not?" "No," I murmured to myself, though I knew his hearing was just as sensitive as ours. "I don't need to know, Jacob." "Yes, you do," he said with a laugh. He smiled up at me, and I shook my head at how nothing got him down – not his lot in life, not his job...not even his affliction could tear him down. "I saw my mother. She had a message for you, considering what today is, and I think you should hear it." Scoffing, I rolled my eyes and started to get up from the window. Edward, wait, he thought to me. When I looked down at him, he stayed with thoughts instead of speaking out loud. She said to tell you that she's been watching the signs 'cause she knows how badly you want it to be different, but it won't be. She said this year will change everything and that my great-grandmother was right in what she showed you. Every prediction has come true, man. You know she's right. Even the little shit has come true. I gripped my hair, shaking my head. "God, if that's the case, then…" I sighed, my voice trailing off as I looked down at them. "Guess we'll see, won't we?" I asked him, not believing a word of it, not because I didn't want to, but because if it were true, then my life was about to be turned completely upside down. Standing up, I took in Jacob's grin. He was taunting me in his head, but I ignored him. He finally stepped away from the castle, making his way toward the wilder part of the property. With a shiver over his entire frame and a long, low growl, his human form was gone, and in its place was a large red wolf. He was now officially on duty and left the yard to start his patrol, which would continue until morning, of the entire grounds. I sat down on the sofa in the corner, glaring down at the floor. My hands curled into claws at the mention of Jacob's great-grandmother. I wasn't sure if I wanted to strangle the old gypsy woman or praise her. Giselle had been the bane of my existence for a hundred years. Had it not been for her, I wouldn't have recognized the man currently making his way upstairs. Though, if not for her, I wouldn't have clung to false hope for this many years. The old woman represented too much – the demise of my humanity, the hope for something I didn't deserve, and the constant wish that she was wrong, though she never was. And she hadn't left my mind since I'd realized what today was. Movement caught the corner of my eye, and I gazed up at Carlisle, who made more noise than necessary. He was being polite, giving me a chance to run, but I didn't. "Son, I know you're feeling…off, but you need to know," he said, leaning in the doorway. "Esme thinks she found her." I shook my head in denial. "No," I barely breathed aloud. "She's pretty damn sure, Edward," he stated cautiously. "She just called. The girl is exactly as Giselle described." "Then she shouldn't come, Carlisle," I growled, standing up. "Keep her away from here. This…I can't…There's no… My life, this life, will ruin her! No one deserves this." Carlisle smiled sadly. "It's too late, son. She's accepted. Esme told me to tell you that it was a must that she come here." "Why?!" "Edward, the girl…" He sighed, placing a hand on my shoulder. "First of all, the girl is brilliant. She'll do very well here. Second, she's…" He grimaced, shaking his head. "Son, she's damaged . There wasn't a chance in hell Esme wasn't going to bring her here, and it's quite possible that she's not the one." "Well, I can damn well hope, right?" I sneered, hating myself for hoping and hating Giselle even more for ever planting this seed in my head. He shook his head. "I understand your…trepidation, Edward, but perhaps this is a good thing?" he asked, making sure I looked him in the eye. "After all, Giselle wasn't wrong about me, right?" Snorting, I rolled my eyes at him, which made him smirk. "Do you think we gave her too much credit?" I asked him, honestly wanting to know. He chuckled softly. "I don't know, son. I've learned in my very long life not to discredit things that are out of my control, things that aren't normal. I remember a time when gypsies were a pariah, when reading tea leaves and looking through crystal balls were considered witchcraft, an offense that would get them killed. Had we not located her again, gotten her to read your future again, even ten years after your change, then I'd say no, but sometimes, faith is all one has to keep them going in this life. She was right about Esme…and Jacob. "I know she's weighing heavily on your mind today, but I honestly can't say I'm sorry she brought me my son, my oldest friend," he stated, smiling at me. "Try to see the good things, Edward. Try to see what this night a hundred years ago gave you, instead of what it took away. And prepare yourself, because Esme will be bringing the girl with her for the start of the new school year. If the girl turns out not be your mate, she will still need our help." My brow furrowed as he quickly closed him mind to me. I caught a glimpse of a photograph, a cut-off conversation with Esme, his mate, and I saw sad, deep brown eyes. "What happened to her?" I asked in a whisper. "No one's sure," he replied firmly, stepping away from me. "All Esme knows is that she needs to be removed from her current situation." "Okay," I breathed back, not understanding his cryptic answers. Just before he reached the stairs, I called him back. "Hey, Carlisle, what's the girl's name?" "Isabella Swan," he said softly, his eyes locking onto mine. He raised an eyebrow at me at just what that meant. "She prefers to be called Bella ." "Oh, Christ," I breathed, my mouth hanging open. Beautiful swan. I sat back down, shaking my head at what he'd told me. He'd always had a way of putting things that made me rethink my life, but despite the blurry human memory, I could remember my last night with almost perfect clarity. And this new student's name was just a little too close for comfort. ~oOo~ August 1901 The