A/N… Oh, yes, Mercward is back! Hang in there, I need to go over a few things before we start. I promise to not keep you long, nor do I plan on uber-long A/Ns every chapter. I need to thank everyone that PMed, reviewed, begged, pleaded, and bribed (yes, bribed) me to continue with "just one more" story in the Gravity Series. Another big thank you for everyone that said Mercward's my FAVE Edward. However, I'll be honest…I held off doing another one. Other plot bunnies came to the forefront, or it just wasn't time, or I wasn't in the right frame of mind, but I've had a plot outlined for this for a year. Now…it's been two years since I posted Smoke & Mirrors , so I took that into consideration before deciding to carry that forward into Fire & Ice . We will pick up 2 years after the last story. Another thing…I reread the whole series myself, reread just about every review, and I wanted to step back a bit, go back to how Blood & Glory felt…and Sin & Innocence , too, if I'm still being honest. I will warn you that this is as dark as the ones before it – darker maybe – but I'm not here to rip Mercward and Sweetness apart with drama aimed at their marriage. That's not how I work. We are stepping back into their lives just as we've done before, but this plot is like the ones before it – action, adventure, violence, foul language and lemony goodness (pfft! like that would change). If those aren't your thing, then this isn't for you. I STRONGLY suggest that you read the others before attempting to dive into this one. Last thing, I promise. As usual, I've taken liberties with technology, simply because Alice wanted it. ;) Most places are real, yet mixed with fiction. Some places and events are fiction, yet mixed in with some true history. Okay, I'll let you get to it. I know you've missed him, so I'll let you curl up with Edward. ;) See me at the bottom… ~oOo~ Chapter 1 EDWARD "Okay, guys, everyone line up!" Bella called from across the gym. I glanced down at my son. "You goin', buddy?" I asked him, smiling when he shook his head fervently. "No," Sammy whispered, giving his mom and sister a longing look, but his shyness was overriding it all. When I knelt down at his level as he sat on the bottom bleacher, his big brown eyes met mine. "If you change your mind, we'll just tell Mom, okay?" "Yeah," he whispered back, but tugged his hat off, scrubbed hair that was identical to mine, and then pulled the hat back on. Backwards, of course. I sat down on the bleachers next to him, giving his shoulder a squeeze. He was now four, and if I'd thought Bethy was the perfect blend of Bella and me, I'd been mistaken. Sammy was every inch the two of us. He had his mother's deep, soulful brown eyes that took in everything around him with curiosity. His hair was a few shades darker than mine, but stuck up in every direction just like my own. He was calm, quiet, and quick to learn like Bella, but he'd inherited my shyness from when I was a kid. And just like me, he was good in situations where he was in control, things he was used to, but when it came to new people, new events, he would stand back and assess everything before joining in. And today was no different. Today was a big room, new people, and despite the fact that Emmett's son, Caleb, was there, Sammy was still reserved about joining in. The two of us looked up when a large shadow loomed over us. "Hi, Preacher!" Sammy sang, holding out a hand to fist bump the large man. "Little man, you've gotten big," he rumbled in his deep voice, offering me his hand to shake. "Edward. It's good of you guys to do this. I can't thank you enough." Grinning and pointing Bella's way, I said, "She's happy to do it. She's been teaching all the kids for years." "That's good," he conceded. "With this new bullying thing in the schools that's going on, not to mention just everyday scary adults, I've wanted this self-defense class for a while. And as you can see, I wasn't the only one." I smiled, glancing around the pretty full rec center. "Everyone could benefit from what she's about to go over, then." "Mommy kicks butt," Sammy said with a giggle. I laughed and nodded. "Yes…yes, she does, but don't let her hear you say that." Preacher chuckled, deep and low. His grin always changed everything about the big guy. At first glance, he could be considered intimidating. He was probably pushing six-foot-four, with a bald head and biceps as big as Sammy. The huge African American man was a great big teddy bear, especially when he smiled. He was a lot like Emmett that way. And Preacher had become a good friend. He ran the Sunrise Community Center with a gentle hand, but the neighborhood with a firm one. Bella and I had seen the potential the center could bring and helped him out whenever we could. The whole neighborhood had blossomed. We turned our attention to Bella, who had command of the basketball court. The floor had been covered in blue mats, and there were several rows of kids lined up watching her. Out front was our eight-year-old daughter, her best friend, Abby, and five-year-old, Caleb. They'd already done this with Bella before, but were there to help. I could see Bella assessing everyone in the group. There was every age, race, and size, not to mention both boys and girls. A few parents and some of Preacher's volunteers were in attendance as well. "My name's Bella, and what I'm going to show you today is simple, but will help you if someone is bothering you. When I say bothering, I mean when someone approaches you with bad intentions – a bully, a stranger…someone that you don't want touching you. That make sense?" she asked them, receiving a murmur of yeses. Smirking, I sat forward, resting my elbows on my knees. If anyone understood self-defense, it was my wife. She'd been through hell and back and would never want anyone else's choices taken away. It had taken a very long time for her to push through the PTSD, to be receptive to touch, and for the longest time, it was only my touch that she could stand. However, she still lived with it every damn day. She'd still falter occasionally at the top of the basement stairs. Every once in a while, she'd have a nightmare that woke her up sweaty and clinging to me. And very rarely, she would have a panic attack. The latter wasn't all that frequent, but all of those things were a part of her that we simply accepted. My girl was beautiful as she smiled around the room of kids. Bella was just as fit as she was when I met her. She'd occasionally run with me in the mornings, but her workouts usually included some sort of self-defense classes. It didn't matter that she was almost thirty-five years old; she was the most beautiful fucking thing in the room – or hell, ever, as far as I was concerned. "Okay, so spread out just a little and give yourself some room. Then, I want you to hold your arms out straight in front of you, hands up, fingers spread," she instructed, holding her hands out like a policeman saying stop. "Curl your fingers down, with your thumb on the outside. This is a safe fist. Okay? Bethy, come here." She waved our daughter forward, and I had to smile had just how alike they were – long, dark brown ponytails, fearless little attitudes, and wicked smiles. Using Bethy as an example, Bella went on. "You want your thumb on the inside, across your knuckles to keep it from getting hurt." She held up Bethy's arm, tapping the outside of her little fist. "This is the part you're gonna hit with. Now, everyone plant a foot forward and one back. This is the stance you want to take when someone approaches you." Bella, with Bethy at her side, took a boxer's stance – fists up, feet planted. "Now, repeat after me. Get back!" "Get back," was muttered, but she smiled at them. "Oh, now…you guys can do better than that. Let me really hear you. Get back!" " Get back! " they all yelled. "Excellent," she praised. "You say that, and you say it with force, and you'll not only get your attacker's attention, but other people as well. Good job." She turned to the side, waving Emmett forward. "My friend Emmett is gonna play the bad guy. I'm going to show you that no matter how little you think you are, how short or weak or shy you think you are, you can get away from anyone ." She positioned Emmett where she wanted him. He shot her a wink, but otherwise stayed quiet. He, of all people, took this shit pretty seriously. He was trained in hand-to-hand combat, was just a bit smaller than Preacher, and could hold his own should Bella truly work him over, but she wasn't here to do that. She was here to show neighborhood kids how to stay safe. And using Emmett was perfect because of his size. He was the perfect example that someone as small as my daughter could hold her own against a grown man. Fighting my grin at that last thought, I sat back to watch as Bella instructed the group some more. "No matter how big your attacker is, you can cause enough of a distraction, cause enough damage, to get yourself away. Even if they pick you up." She turned to Bethy, pulling our daughter in front of her. "With your hands still in fists, I want you guys to pound the air, like there's a drum in front of you." Bella grasped Bethy's arms, pounding her fists in the air in front of her. Then, she nodded to Emmett, who stepped in front of the two. "Using that same motion, you can ward off any touch," she stated, letting go of our daughter. Emmett went to reach for Bethy, and she pounded on his large forearms. They moved that same motion on to the next phase, which was Emmett picking Bethy up. My daughter giggled, but knew to continue punching with the outside of her fists anywhere she could reach – Emmett's face, shoulders, upper arms, even the top of his head. At that point, he set her down, tugging playfully on her ponytail. Bella faced the room full of people and her students. "It doesn't matter what size you are. You hit someone in the face enough, and you're gonna give him something to think about. You'll cause enough noise to get someone's attention, or you're gonna hurt him enough to distract him. Okay?" A murmur of consent echoed in the large room. "Last thing I want to show you is that you must be aware of your surroundings. Always," she urged, nodding to Emmett, who started to shift some shit around. He moved large garbage bins, a couple of chairs, and some sports equipment to various places in the gym. Bella locked gazes with me, only to glance at Sammy. I gazed down at our son. "You wanna help Mommy?" I asked him, because he was the perfect size for what she was about to show. "You're awesome at this part, buddy." He smiled nervously, but said, "Yeah…okay," before standing up from the bleachers and walking to his mother. She bent to his ear, whispered something that made him smile and nod, and then