A/N…Hey guys! I'm back with another one. ;) For those of you that hate A/Ns…this'll be the longest one, unless I answer questions, and those will be at the bottom. If you're curious about how this story came to be, see the Sneak Peek that The Lemonade Stand posted yesterday. They were sweet enough to ask for a preview, so I wrote a little about this new fic. :) For those of you coming off of Rain Must Fall , take a deep breath and relax. I needed something easier and lighter after writing such a heavy, dark fic. This was for pure fun. This is for the love of music, ink, and finding that one person that makes all the bad shit…not so shitty. This is for my love of rock/metal music like Avenged Sevenfold, Metallica, Rush, Led Zepplin, and so many more. This is also for Pamela Stephenson (DrivingEdward), who has begged me for a Rockerward for as long as I've known her, but I never had the plot bunny to do it. ;) This is Rated M for the usual sexy things, not to mention a bit of drama, language, and all around adult things. It's mostly canon, which means all the major characters are the same and the minor characters may not line up with original coupling. And while these characters were inspired by several bands and singers, there isn't a specific one that sums it up. The songs/lyrics belong to their respective bands/writers. Lastly, the normal cast of characters belongs to SM, but the plot and original characters belong to me. ~ooo~MBtM~ooo~ Chapter 1 – Pulling Your Strings Master of Puppets I'm pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me, you can't see a thing Just call my name, 'cause I'll hear you scream Master, Master, where's the dreams that I've been after? Master, Master, you promised only lies Laughter, Laughter, all I hear or see is laughter Laughter, Laughter, laughing at my cries " Master of Puppets" – Metallica EDWARD "Thank you, Seattle! Good night!" I cheered into the mic, reaching down to slap the hands of screaming fans on my way toward the side of the stage. "Awesome as always, baby brother," Emmett said with a grin, handing me a towel and a bottle of water. "C'mon. We'll get you backstage." He led me through the throngs of people, reaching female hands, and busy crewmen as I wiped sweat from my face and chugged the whole bottle of water. "Damn tight after a few months off, yeah?" he asked, holding my dressing-room door open. "Yeah," I rasped, pushing by him for more water. When there was a knock on the door, Emmett went to tend to it as I fell down onto the sofa. Fuck…live shows were the best part of my life. My heart raced, my adrenaline was still pumping, and I felt like I owned the damn world. It had been months since we'd played a live show, and it would be another few months before we picked back up touring. It was off the stage that shit got…messy. "Hey, babe," Emmett sang, letting his wife into the room. She kissed him and then turned to me. "You have an interview," she stated without much pause, slipping into the role of Radiant Eclipse's manager with ease. "Now?" "Aro set it up before talking to me about it. She's just outside." Wincing, I shook my head. "Aw, hell… Who is it?" "Jessica Stanley from Music Mania Magazine ." "You've got to be kidding!" "Afraid not, brother-in-law," she sighed wearily. "I tried to reschedule, but it just won't work." "Fuck." I raked a hand through my hair. "Can't Jasper do it?" "I'm sorry, Edward, but I need you to do this. They want Masen . They want the front man." I met her gaze when she used my real name, not the stage name. Only those who truly knew me called me Edward, and I never used it in public. "Apparently, Aro gave her exclusivity to the first interview since you've been home. Hell, yes, she's gonna want details of the last few months. However, I want you to push the album you guys are about to finish recording, not to mention the tour coming up." Rose sighed again but smirked at me. "She's a fan, so use that shit. I saw her out there – front row and center. I'd be surprised if her panties are still intact." Snorting into a chuckle, I fell back against the sofa, but I checked to make sure that I had everything I needed for this godforsaken interview. Rubbing my face, I groaned but then mumbled to her to give me a second. "You stickin' around for this?" I asked when she walked back toward the door. "Nah, as much as I'd love to see her face when you do this shit, I have to make a few calls, but if you're good, I'll send your girls in to save you," she teased, which made me laugh. She glanced at her watch. "What do you think? Thirty minutes?" I nodded to her. "Fair enough." Before she left the room, I called her back. "Hey Rose! Can't we squash the personal part?" She wrinkled her nose, shaking her head. "Just…do what you do, Masen . Scramble her brains enough, and she'll forget all about rehab and the accident." Frowning, I nodded, finally getting up from the sofa. I shuffled into the bathroom to piss and clean up a little. Rose owed me big-time for this shit, but then I remembered this wasn't her doing. "Fucker," I grumbled at the thought of Aro, our record producer. He'd sent Jessica on purpose just to fuck with me, just to prove he held all the control over me and the band, not to mention how much trouble he'd had to handle with everything that had happened. He'd made us huge, given us our first and second record, and we'd gone platinum on each, which made everyone involved very happy…and very rich. We'd been young and dumb, signing that first contract. We had one more record to make for him and one more tour to promote, and then I wanted away from Volturi Records…and I wasn't even sure I gave a shit if the rest of Radiant Eclipse came with me—although I knew if I left, Jasper would be right by my side. I reached for the back of my T-shirt, wrenching the sweaty thing off before opening the door to reveal screaming girls. Playing up the sexy, bad boy, clichéd rock star was a part of the job, and a lot of it I hated because it was so fake, but in all reality, my fans were fantastic, and being accessible kept them coming back for more – more music, shows, merchandise – and their excitement was contagious as they rambled about the show. Grinning, I let them touch and kiss me, let them take pictures, and signed a handful of autographs on anything from concert programs to a girl's tits – that last one begged for the T-shirt in my hands, and I let her have it. Emmett pushed them along, shooting a wink my way, before allowing two people to step closer. Jessica Stanley was younger than some of the journalists I'd talked to, and she was a decent writer, but she had a tendency to focus on the personal part of her subjects, not the professional side. She also had a reputation for sleeping with just about everyone she interviewed. She loved her rock stars…literally. It irritated the shit out of me. Her photographer, on the other hand, was an asshole. Laurent liked to freelance for the paparazzi when he wasn't selling his photos to magazines and newspapers. He made more money for the rags and gossip websites. In fact, he'd followed my ass all the way to rehab. How he'd found me, I had no fucking clue, but Rose assured me she'd find out. With one last deep breath, I turned away from the door, aiming for the basket I knew Rose always left here and giving a lazy smile Jessica's way. "Masen, it's good to see you again," she purred, reaching out a hand as I picked up a bottle from the basket, unscrewing the cap. The amber-colored liquid sloshed inside as I practically drained it before taking her hand. I kissed the back of it, giving her another smile. "Mouthwatering as ever, Miss Stanley," I crooned against her fingers. "Ditch camera boy, and maybe we can…" Her giggle was exactly what I wanted, and she shot a look to Laurent, who scowled my way, but I ignored him, smirking when Jessica trailed a perfectly manicured nail over my bare chest. I took another long drink from the bottle as I stayed right in front of her. I wanted to chuckle when her eyes darkened as she stared unabashedly at my bare torso down to where my jeans were unbuttoned, as if she was memorizing every tattoo, every muscle. I knew the dreadlock fucker was already snapping pictures, but I focused on Jessica, picking up her backstage pass that was hanging around her neck. "Did you like the show, Miss Stanley?" I asked, twirling the pass in my fingers, only to let it drop back to her stomach. "Jessica, you silly thing! How many times do I have to tell you, Masen? Call me Jessica," she said with a smile. "And yes, of course. It was hot as always." My crooked smile made her blush, which I found hilarious, considering the things I'd heard about her. She wasn't exactly a blushing virgin. "It was the perfect comeback for you," she purred, but I caught the look in her eye. I huffed a laugh through my nose but led her to the sofa. "Jessica, you work for a music magazine. Let's stick to music, shall we?" I sat next to her, and she leaned in. "New album, new tour…don't you want the scoop?" "Actually, she wants to know all about court-ordered rehab, Masen," Laurent piped up, snapping a few more pictures. "Drinking and driving. We've all done it. I just got busted," I hedged but kept a smile on my face as I turned to Jessica, tilting her head back so that we were face to face. "What more is there to know?" "W-Well," she sputtered, looking up at me from beneath her lashes as her fingers trailed over the ink on my bicep. "There are rumors going around that you weren't the driver." I rolled my eyes to hide my surprise but sighed dramatically. "Rumors," I scoffed, waving a hand toward Laurent. "Now you're treading dangerously into paps territory. I heard you were better than that fucking garbage." That seemed to get her attention, so she changed direction, thankfully, sticking to music, the new album we were currently recording, and how big the promotional tour would be. Like clockwork, there was a knock on the door exactly thirty minutes after Jessica had stepped into my dressing room. "I'm afraid our time is up, Miss Stanley," I said sadly, patting her leg before getting up to answer the door. I braced myself for what was to come. Two very tall, very pretty blondes burst into the room and latched on to either side of me. I choked back a laugh, but the smile was genuine as I pulled them close. "Ladies," I greeted them as hands and lips met my skin. Hell, I didn't even care if Laurent snagged a few photos before they walked toward the door. "Hey, Jessica… Next time, leave the camera boy behind. We could have some fun ." I palmed the plump ass in my right hand, chuckling when she blushed again and opened the door. When the door clicked closed behind them, a hand smashed to my face, shoving me down to the sofa. "You