Nature'sWaltz Disclaimer: I don't own 'em, but if I did, I'd be playing with them right now! I make no money, but contributions to my bank account would be accepted and written off on my taxes. EG Summary: Haldir has served his Lord and Lady faithfully for centuries, but his life is stuck in a rut. He has increasingly become cold, arrogant, and aloof from all others, including his brothers. Fearing that Haldir may be headed down a dangerous path, Rúmil pleads with the Lady to give Haldir a respite. The Lady agrees and sends Haldir on a 'mission' that is mainly for his rest and relaxation. During his travels, Haldir finds something very interesting and brings it home, much to the curiosity of his siblings. Flashbacks are denoted by and will be separate chapters. AN: If this story is a success, which means many reviews and curious questions, then I will write supplemental chapters stories that will give more details in Haldir's travels. There is much background to be established and many avenues to pursue, so if the reader is willing, and polite about reviews flames only encourage my dragon and he's fiery enough then I get to work on the background and post them as soon as I can. Thank you! Rating: G Time Line: I say about three hundred years before the War of the Ring, give or take a decade. Its when it was safe to travel without too much orc activity. Archive: Email and ask and I'll give permission… though for the life of me I don't know why you want it. Special Thanks: To El, who's the world's best damn beta in ME or Earth has ever seen! Thanks for putting up with my ramblings and my mistakes. Your help is much appreciated  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - -- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - -- "My Lady," Rúmil bowed respectively. "I am honored by your presence." Galadriel, Lady of Light and of the Golden Wood, smiled sweetly at the young elf, "Rúmil, it is not often I am asked to meet with Wardens for a special audience." Rúmil nodded and fidgeted, something he only did when very nervous, "I am sorry to have to request such a thing my lady, but I feel that there is no alternative." "Then speak, and do so freely, for there is no need to hide or soften words," Galadriel responded, her tone pleasant and soothing to the nervous elf before her. Rúmil took a deep breath, wondering how best to describe the situation. Feeling a knot form in his stomach, he gulped and gushed the words, hoping to say all that needed to be said quickly, so he may go and throw up behind the nearest Mallorn. "Haldir needs some time off." Galadriel rose one, elegant brow questioningly, "And why does your brother need time off?" Rúmil's eyes were wide and pleading, "My lady, perhaps you do not realize this, but Haldir has become unbearable." "How so?" Galadriel asked, wondering what Haldir's youngest sibling could be rambling about. "My lady, he has worked hard, as you know," Rúmil started and continued when Galadriel nodded in response, "But as the time goes by, he has become withdrawn. He no longer shares a life with others of Lorien, not even his own kin." "Perhaps his mind is elsewhere?" Galadriel inquired. Rúmil shook his head, "That is not what I meant. What I am trying to say is that, though he guards the borders with much dedication, it seems as though that is all he is interested in." "He has many responsibilities now that he is March Warden," Galadriel said with a curious glance. "He has many under his command. He must be ready for things at all times. He knew this when he took the position." "Yes, My Lady," Rúmil stammered, his nerve now lost completely. He felt himself tremble and throwing, and all caution aside, he spoke more forcefully, "It is true he has many responsibilities, but as the time has passed, he no longer enjoys life as he should." Rúmil took a deep breath, steadying himself and looked directly into the fathomless eyes of his Lady, "He does not interact with any other unless it is to give orders. It has been many years since he sang, danced, even laughed, My Lady. He does not even enjoy the jokes that Orophin and I have played on him. I have not seen him smile in almost a century. I am worried, My Lady, Worried that he may allow his work to become his life and he will fade." Galadriel's smile faltered as she thought back to the last time she saw Haldir having a good time. She frowned, remembering his absence from the last festival, and when she thought hard enough, his absence from festivals over the past five hundred years. Slowly, she spoke, "You seem to be right, Rúmil. I do not remember the last time I saw your brother at a gathering." "Will he fade?" Rúmil asked timidly, fearing the worst. Galadriel softened her expression when she saw the fear behind the blue eyes of the Warden's youngest sibling, "No, my dear Rúmil. Haldir will not fade, but he will cause himself damage, nonetheless. His dedication is admirable, but too much of it can be hazardous. I will speak to him on the matter promptly." Rúmil breathed a sigh of relief and bowed his head, "Many thanks, My Lady." As Rúmil turned to leave, Galadriel called, "And young warden?" Rúmil turned with a frightened look that made Galadriel laugh, "I do not bite. You do not need to be so wary of me. Please, feel free to speak to me about whatever you wish. I am not as distant as you have been led to believe." Rúmil bowed his head and smiled, "Thank you, My Lady. I shall remember your words." Galadriel watched Rúmil disappear down the spiral stairs and called for her personal guard that was waiting a few paces away. She sent him to fetch a certain March Warden for some counsel. Rúmil felt as if he could fly, so lightened was his heart. For many years, he had witnessed the total isolation of his brother from the others, especially to his own kin. The treatment had been first thought as of as just a phase, one that needed time to pass while the brothers adjusted to their new positions in the Lady's ranks. The cloud of doubt and hurt that had hovered over Rúmil's spirit had seemed to abate, leaving him to bask in the glow of the sun and of the wonderful fulfillment of nature that thrived around him. The whispers of the trees, the song of the birds, the teasing of the wind, and many other voices of the wild that surrounded him. Today, he was particularly glad he was an elf. "Rúmil!" a voice snapped. Feeling himself pull out of his submersion in nature, Rúmil sighed and walked towards his brother, who was stalking towards him like a hungry warg. "Good day, Haldir. It is a lovely day, is it not?" Haldir gave Rúmil a sour expression and snapped, "I do not have time to dally with the conditions of the day, Rúmil. I have come to make sure you remember that you are assigned to the eastern fences this next rotation." Haldir gave Rúmil a suspicious look, "Why are you so happy?" Rúmil gave an exasperated sigh, "Yes, Brother, I remember I am to take duty on the eastern fences and that my shift, indeed, does start in two days time and will last for the next week, wherein I will return and you will take my place." Rúmil gave Haldir a bewildered look, "And I am happy because it is a beautiful day and that there is much to for which be thankful. Have you not noticed the wonderful blessings that surround you?" Haldir looked around the immediate area, then back to his brother and gave him a sardonic look, "I see only elves and trees. Nothing unusual about any of those things. Honestly Rúmil, you seem to find too much joy in simple things." Rúmil scowled at Haldir, "Perhaps I am making up for those of us who do not appreciate such things?" Haldir opened his mouth to argue with Rúmil, but a sentinel had just approached the two, inclined his head slightly to Haldir, and said with a commanding voice, "The Lady wishes to speak with you, Commander Haldir. Please follow me." Haldir nodded, dumbstruck as to the reason of the summon, but bade Rúmil an awkward good-bye and followed the sentinel. Rúmil waited until Haldir was out of sight before looking skyward and saying softly, "Thank the Vala!" With his heart light as air, he flitted through the trees in search of Orophin, knowing that soon enough, Haldir will come to them as strong and intimidating as a seasonal storm. There would be fuming, angry booms, and the occasional explosion, but Rúmil thought that, for the first time, he was looking forward to the future eruption. Haldir bowed low when the sentinel left him in Galadriel's presence. He remained quiet, allowing the Lady to be the one to speak first. After a couple minutes of silence, Galadriel spoke, her voice soft and relaxed, "It has come to my attention that it has been a long time since the Guardian of the Sacred Wood has had any enjoyment." Haldir started, momentarily caught off guard. He cleared his throat and spoke, "My Lady, I live only to serve the sovereigns of this land and protect the people from the evil that lurks outside our borders." Galadriel stepped before her Warden and gave him a cynical look, "Though it is a noble cause, it is one that has taken much from you. Do not argue with me on this," Galadriel raised her voice when she noticed Haldir opened his mouth to protest. "I have seen for many years that though you live within these borders, you take no solace in them. I am not questioning your dedication, nor your conviction, so you may allow those thoughts to slip from your mind." Galadriel allowed a minute to pass, giving Haldir time to clear his mind of disappointment before she spoke again, "I wish you to enjoy yourself once more. So, come the morrow, you will relinquish your command to another and take some well deserved rest." Haldir fell to one knee and pleaded, "My Lady, please, if I have done anything to offend you, know that I am deeply sorry. I shall endeavor to do my best to please you." Galadriel sighed and placed her hands on Haldir's shoulders, feeling them tremble. She felt like weeping, seeing him prone in such a way, but such a thing was necessary, even if she did not like it. "Haldir, I am not stripping you of your rank, nor of your privileges. I am giving you a respite. A vacation, as the humans call it." Haldir kept his head bowed and flinched as the Lady touched his shoulders. He felt her pull gently at him, bidding him to rise. He obliged, but kept his face bowed, hoping that this was some sort of a horrible dream, "A… vacation?" "Yes, Haldir. A vacation," Galadriel said, tilting his face up so they were looking at each other in the eye. She gave Haldir a warm smile, "For all the years you have shown loyalty to the land and to its people, I am giving you a chance to enjoy some time off. Breathe freely and not concern yourself over duties that others can perform." "I can not simply appoint another to my position," Haldir stammered. "I am capable of remaining on