I decided to combine both chapters 1-2 Chapter 1/2 One-Way Ticket POV-Bella I have been stuck in this hole for so long. The cement floor getting colder in each dream. The shackles around my wrist and ankles limiting me from the cellar door. It seems as if I have been having that same dream ever since they put me in here. But tonight was the night for my break out. I knew since the day they put me in here I didn't belong. I had been across the news for two weeks. I didn't realize you could go from the life of the rich to the so called crazy girl that no one believes she was raped by her father. I just didn't understand how it was all a part of my imagination. I know he did it because I have been having that same dream every night since my father forced and paid the hospital to put me here until he wanted me released. Which would be never. The longer I'm here the longer he is safe from the truth and jail. I looked over at the digital clock. It was time. Earlier that day I called my agent Edward he said he would help me get to the jet. I've always trusted him. He was the main person to help me get my start in the music career. I use my one phone call for the day just to talk to him. He is like one of my best friends. A month ago I told him about my plans to escape. He was all for the idea of me leaving. While I was stuck in here he was out there helping me plan for my fathers to get back in jail and prove that he did it. When I called Edward today he told me about what to do and where I needed to go in the hospital. He said he would be parked on the corner. He's helping me leave here. I walked out of my room, and I grabbed nothing. That's what I came in here with. My father made sure of that. I walked calmly through the halls past the night nurses making it seem as if I'm going to the bathroom, but once I pass the nurses in the hall I make a dash to the elevator hall quickly pressing the down button. As I'm waiting for the elevator Dr. Carlisle walks past the hall. "Hey, Ms. Swan, where are you going!?" he yells as he starts running for me. I start to press the elevator button repeatedly. He's getting closer then I hear the ding of the elevator I run into it pressing the closing button it slowly started to close. Once the door was closing at its smallest crack you can hear Dr. Carlisle hands slam on the elevator doors but he wasn't quick enough to open the doors. The sound of his banging against the door makes my body shake and stiffen in fear. I've never liked Carlisle I always knew he was working for my father, which was always the reason why,because when we had are talks I wouldn't say a word. I always thought the people who worked for my father were weak and cowards. By my father being the head cop in Seattle, which was another reason he got away with so much during my trial. He blackmailed everyone in the court room. They were all pathetic. I take a breath of relief as I slide down the dull silver wall. I pressed the button two floors above the lobby just how Edward showed me. Knowing Carlisle he would have security hold me up at the lobby elevator hall. When the elevator makes the stop I read the sign saying adolescent care. Before I take the stairs I think of… "Bree" I whisper to myself. I need to take Bree with me. Bree was a 17 year old girl I meet when I was forced here. When the hospital allowed me to roam around I came across here because I assumed hanging with people closest to my age would be better than the older people on my floor. When I found Bree she reminded me of myself so that's when I started talking to her every day after my phone calls with Edward, but then when the nurses noticed my routine they told me I had to stop leaving the floor. I finally arrived to Bree's room she was already up with her backpack on. She was waiting for me. "I knew you would get me" she says smiling to me. " I would never leave you behind, but we got to go now" she gets up quickly she picks up a pair of black chuck's out of her closet and tosses them to me "if were running you're going to need these." She says. "Thanks" I say as I quickly slide them on there a little snug but they will do for right now. We walk out of her room it looks as though on this floor all the night nurses are in family room with free coffee so it makes leaving easier we take the stairs and go down one floor before the lobby. "The hospital has to parts if we cut across to child care and take the elevator we will be in the lowest level of the garage and then we'll be out." I say and Bree just nods agreeing with me. Once we reach the glass bridge to cut across to the other part of the hospital. We can see Carlisle and the security pointing at us from the lobby glass window below. "Bree we have to run NOW!" we dash across the bridge. Once we get to the other side you can hear the synced steps of the guard's running at the other end of their bridge. In my head I keep thinking we aren't going to make it. I turn my head to look at Bree she's a few steps behind. "Bree grab my hand" she holds on and it's a tight hold. I'm not letting her go because if she gets grabbed I wouldn't forgive myself. I never wanted her to get into this in the first place, last month she asked if she could leave with me I wasn't so sure and I'm pretty sure Edwards not going to be okay about it. I never told him about Bree. We make it yet to another elevator. We get to last level to the garage the doors open and we dash out. I could hear the echo coming from the stair case by the elevators. The guards are close. We run out on to the main street it's fairly cold outside. But I remember what Edward had said he said that he would be on left side of the hospital corner but we are currently on the right side. Bree and I are still hand in hand running across the street. The streets are empty this late in the night. I can see Edward's dark truck and his windows are rolled down. "Edward!" I scream. He sticks his head out the window smiling and his facial expression changes from happy as his eyes pans away from me and looking past me and his eyes change to fear. "Bella…Run!" He yells. I look behind me and the guards are not that far behind. Like a couple yards maybe closer. My legs are tired from running, but I fight through it and run faster swinging Bree in front of me. I wanted her to get to safety before me. Edward puts his car in reverse so we can catch up. Bree is at the passenger seat hops in. I grab the door behind the driver seat swings it opens when I feel a tug around my neck pulling me by necklace. For a second I can't breathe, but I pulled against it feeling my tightness building up. The necklace eventually pops. My neck burning with pain. Edward quickly accelerates the car. The guard that pulled my necklace running beside the car, and my door still open. I swing my feet in and I slam the door hard but it doesn't close. I look down and realized that one of guard's fingers was jammed in the door. I try slamming it closed again and the guard quickly removes his hand and the car door closes and I quickly lock it. Edward speeds down the street. The guards stopped running behind the truck after he picked up speed. "Was that intense or what…I thought you weren't going to make it" Edward says. "You don't say?" Bree says through her heavy breathing. I haven't caught my breath. I hear my heart beating intensely through my ears. It was beating so loud that I didn't realize that Edward was talking to me. "Bella" he says and glances at me from the rear view mirror. "Yeah" "Who is this child in the front she wasn't a part of the plan" he complains "Well plans change, she's leaving with me" I say as I wipe away the strands of my blonde hair stuck to my forehead from sweat. "I didn't bring enough for the both of you" he says Bree turns to me with worry in her face. "I'm just kidding I have plenty for the both of you" he says and laughs as if he played a really good prank. "We don't have time for one of your jokes right now" I yell obviously annoyed. "Where do you want the jet to take you? " He asked. "I was thinking Rehoboth Delaware." I say "Alright I'll call it in, but you two should get some rest this ride is going to be long before we get to Oregon." He says as I lay back and shut my eyes. I wake up from Bree shaking me awake. The light coming in through the window hurting my morning eyes. I see we are parked at an empty parking lot in front of a Target. "Edward why are we here" I say, my voice sounding a little raspy. "One you need some food. Two you need some clothes. Three something for your hygiene." He says counting on his fingers as if checking off a list. "Fine" I say annoyed. We get out the car and started walking towards the Target. When we were finally done we walk out with more bags then we should've and he even bought us a two suite cases. "Were the suite cases really that necessary?" I say annoyed still. "Yes they were very necessary" he says "Sometimes your constant need of being a fashion-ista all the times makes me have suicidal thoughts" I say. I can hear Bree chuckling behind us with the cart. "Well Bella I'm gay so you're going to have to deal with it" he says as he puts everything away in the truck. "We need to get to that jet fast, is there any way they could just send it to Port Angeles." I ask Edward "I can try, I'll call now." he says after he takes a quick glance at the newspaper As I watch him talk to the pilot, I realized that Bree hasn't said a word since we have been out the store. "Bree you okay?' "Yea" she says but she doesn't seem sure of herself. "Don't worry Bree we'll be safe we have people with a lot of money protecting us." I say trying to calm her nerves. "But your famous Bella people are going to recognize you" she sounded really scared as if she made a bad decision. I had feared this would happen which was another reason why I didn't want her to come I didn't want her to be a part of this, but then I started to imagine what her life would have been like if I left her in that hospital. Its