AN: So here it is. The first chapter of my newest Marauder story. I was going to put this in the cross over section, but it's not really a cross over so much as a... world swap? I don't really know how to explain it, but there are no Merlin characters in the story, so I don't think it qualifies as a cross over. If you have any questions, just let me know. You can shoot me a pm, or hit me up on tumblr. I'm kind of super nervous about this. Please leave me reviews. No young man, no matter how great, can know his destiny. He cannot glimpse his part in the great story that is about to unfold. Like everyone, he must live and learn. ~The Great Dragon Merlin S1E1 Chapter One: The Headless Warlock Remus Lupin was a warlock. A sorcerer. A wizard. He might as well have been an enemy war leader for all the love he would receive if anyone were to find out. He was born with magic in a time when magic was banned, punishable by death. Even the whisper of a disgruntled neighbor would be enough at times to get your character called to question, and if one of the king's guardsmen suspected you of sorcery, you'd be lucky to keep your head long enough to watch them raise the axe that would sever it from your body. After an incident involving a burning barn and a herd of miraculously unharmed cows, his mother felt she had no choice but to send him to the one person that she trusted to help keep her son alive; a man by the name of Albus Dumbledore. Albus used to practice magic before the king had banned it, and so Remus's mother thought that Dumbledore could help him learn to control his powers. Even though the man lived right under the nose of the king as the court physician, she thought he would be safer with Dumbledore, learning to control his powers, than he would be at home in Ealdor where anyone could potentially see something unexplainable happen. Because the next time a miracle took place, they might not be thanking the Gods, but pointing a finger at the scrawny boy who always managed to be around when these miracles happened. And so that's why Remus had packed his things in a knapsack and walked three days from Ealdor, to Camelot. His mother had offered him a horse, but he didn't want to make things hard for her anymore, as he had the previous seventeen years. It had been a long and tiresome journey, through miles and miles of thick wood and narrow paths. He had passed only a dozen men on his walk, all of them farmers heading home from Camelot or Diagon Isle, the two large cities that were within walking distance of the farmlands that Remus knew stretched on just beyond the edge of the forest. Ealdor had been mostly one large farm, and a small lake. Most of the land that wasn't a city, or a forest, consisted of farms. The farmers were kind, and shared their scraps with Remus, giving him directions or letting him know when he should change course to get to his destination sooner than planned. Eventually, the path he had been walking turned into a wide road, and where before people had been far and few, there was now far too many people and not nearly enough elbow room. Small cottages littered the side of the road that was still protected by a canopy of thick trees, but when the forest gave way, Remus had to draw breath. Even with the large gate that wrapped itself around Camelot, Remus could already see a large portion of the city. Camelot sat on a hill for the most part, the castle at the very top, and covering a good majority of the hill all on its own, but the lords and ladies manors did their best to decorate the remainder of the hill, so that very little of the actual hill could be seen at all. There were a few small patches of bright colors that Remus assumed were gardens, but for the most part, the entirety of the hill was covered in stone buildings. Remus stepped through the open gate of the city and took in a deep breath, letting the sour air fill his lungs and he tried his very best not to miss the sweet, fresh air of his hometown. This was his home now. He would learn to love the crowded streets and the noise that seemed to emanate from absolutely everywhere. He readjusted the straps of his bag and then took another step forward, ready to find Dumbledore and take a nice long nap in his new quarters. Of course, never having been to Camelot before, Remus had no idea where Albus was. Back home, this hadn't seemed like a problem, he couldn't imagine it being to terribly difficult to find anyone, but he had vastly underestimated the size of the kingdom. The castle itself, named Hogwarts, was the largest building that Remus had ever set eyes on. Parts of it were taller than the mountains that Remus could see sprouting up on the horizon not too far behind the castle. The mountains worked with the clouds to form the illusion that the castle towers were swaying to and fro in the sky. It had some of the largest and most beautifully pieced together stain glass windows, alcoves and towers hanging about in places that seemed architecturally unsound, but still it stood, thousands of years old. A landmark that would make anyone think twice about testing the strength of this kingdom. The rest of the town seemed to disperse around the castle, with the more noble houses being closer to the castle walls, and the more rudimentary homes being on the out skirts of the town. A grand lake had wrapped itself around the base of right side of the castle and a river meandered about the town, connecting the lake to the ocean, which rested half a day's walk left of the castle. Between all the shops that separated the nobles from the commoners, the houses, and the farms, Remus was sure that it would be days before he found Dumbledore. Though he was the court physician, surely people must know him. Remus looked around, spotted a red haired girl who looked about his age and walked up to her. "Excuse me," Remus said, twisting his fingers nervously. "But you wouldn't happen to know where I can find the court physician, would you?" "Dumbledore?" The girl asked, smiling kindly at him. Remus's heart gave a leap at her immediate response about the man he was looking for. "He'd be up at the castle around this time I'm sure. Did you look there?" "No I hav-" "You were hoping he'd be walking around? Yes, well I can understand, though he doesn't normally treat just anyone. Can you imagine having one doctor for the entire city? You might want to try Madam Pomfrey." She then narrowed her eyes, lifted one of her petite hands and laid it against his forehead. "You look a bit peakish, but you don't feel warm. Though it could just be my hands, I've been out in the sun all day running errands. Do you feel like you have a fever?" "No, you misunderstand me." Remus said quickly. "I'm not ill." "Oh." The girl said, her lips slightly parted. "Of course not." She said quickly, wiping her hands on her skirt and looking woefully embarrassed. Remus laughed, feeling a bit more at ease now. "I've just arrived at Camelot and I'm supposed to be staying with Dumbledore. I don't know where he lives though." "Oh!" She said again, her smile returning. "Well, I'm headed back up to the castle now. I've got one more errand to run, but if you're in no hurry then I'll gladly take you to him myself." "That would be very helpful. My name is Remus." He said, holding out his hand. "Lily." She replied, mirroring his gesture. "And I'm terribly sorry I said you look ill." "Don't worry about it. I can't look all that great. It's been a long walk from my home to here." "Where is home?" "Ealdor." Remus said, to which Lily cocked her head to the side. "It's a very very small village just outside Camelot's boarders. You probably haven't heard of it." "I don't think I have." She agreed. They approached a cart filled with an abundance of colored cloth and Lily excused herself from Remus. She returned a moment latter with pale blue silk draped over her arm. Remus examined her current dress, which was plain and a bit too large for her, and was about to inquire about the silk when she asked, "So why'd you leave home?" "Er… Well-" "I'm being rude aren't I? All the questions, sorry. I'm just curious." "It's no problem." Remus assured her, though they were making him a bit nervous. He had had three days to prepare for this though, and the story that he and his mother had come up with for him was a simple one. "I came here because Dumbledore is a friend of my mother's and she wants a different life for me." Lily nodded, her eyes drifting up the street. They had reached the castle moments ago and were now entering the courtyard. "She thought Camelot offered the best chances." "Oh dear." Lily said quietly. Remus looked over at her, confused. He didn't think he had said anything that warranted that response. Lily wasn't looking at him however, her eyes were locked on something up the street a ways. "Not again." He followed her gaze up to a crowd of people standing around a raised wooden platform. A young man was being dragged up onto the platform by two guards in intimidating metal helmets and red vest with the Potter crest on them. "What's going on?" Remus asked. "An execution." She shook her head. "Welcome to Camelot." She said dryly. "What'd he do?" He asked. "Looks like he's been accused of sorcery. He's got that red band tied around his neck." Lily replied. Before she could say more, a voice rang out overhead. "My good people of Camelot," The crowd that had gathered in front of Remus and Lily quickly fell silent, and they were now looking up at a castle balcony where King Charles was standing. This was the first time that Remus had ever seen King Charles. He had heard a countless number of stories about the man, most of them portraying him in a negative light, but he had never seen him before. He was tall and thin with grey short hair. He was older than Remus thought he would be and he just didn't look like the cruel man people said he was. He looked grandfatherly, gentle and kind. It almost made Remus rethink his opinion of the man. But then he spoke. "This man before you," The king said, addressing the people. "Has been found guilty of sorcery, and with sorcery being one of the greatest crimes you can commit, there is only one punishment I see fit to give. I sentence this man to death, by beheading." "What?" Remus said slightly louder than he meant to. He looked around and, but no one else seemed at all surprised by the king's sentence. They all looked somber, but no one seemed to think that this was wrong. Remus looked back up at the boy, who was now sobbing and begging for his life, he couldn't have been older than seventeen. "He can't do this." Remus said, looking at Lily. She bit her lip but didn't say anything. The king's hand dropped and with it, the executioner's blade. There was a collective intake of breath and then everyone looked back up towards