This is another re-post. For those who never read this, get some tissues. Best Week of My Life My name is Isabella Swan. I was twenty-six years old when I died. There I was, sitting on a hospital bed in one of the finest hospital's in Chicago, waiting to die. But I had never felt more alive until I knew I would, for certain, die. Two years earlier I met with my local gynecologist in Seattle, holding Emmett's hand. I sat in a paper gown, covered by a sheet, praying that Doctor Clearwater was just joking with me. Ovarian Cancer? Stage three? Maybe a year to live? I was too young! Twenty-four, living life, trying to start a family. Things were perfect. Our inability to get pregnant was what brought us to her office in the first place. My life flashed before my eyes; my kindergarten graduation, Renee and Charlie holding hands, smiling at me; Renee's funeral, my tear-stained face tucked deep in my father's shaking arms. My high school graduation; Charlie alone in the audience, never looking up at me, still broken from losing Renee. The day I got the call that Charlie shot himself with his service weapon, and I was alone. Then meeting Emmett and our whirlwind of a relationship, getting married six weeks after we met in Cabo; living on a complete high of each other. Our wedding was extravagant and he gave me everything I wanted, when I wanted it. I was no longer alone. Suddenly, I was sitting in the doctor's office, given a death sentence; ending the perfectness we had. I couldn't deny I had slacked on the yearly exam thing. It was uncomfortable and I wasn't concerned. Cancer didn't run in my family. I thought I had nothing to worry about. It had been three years since I had seen a gynecologist, and in those three years, a massive tumor grew inside me. I quietly sobbed as she left and gave us a few minutes to cope with the news. I couldn't look Emmett in the eye. All he ever wanted was to be a father, and suddenly, I realized I could never give that to him. I had failed him. He gave me so much and I wasn't able to give him even one thing. I wiped my tear-stained face as I changed out of the paper gown. Emmett walked next to me down the hall to Doctor Clearwater's office. I didn't offer my hand and he didn't offer his. He sniffled and seemed to be holding back his tears. Emmett hadn't cried since the day we were married, four years earlier. Our world was falling apart. We sat in Doctor Clearwater's office, looking back at her with tension filling the air. She quietly handed me a stack of information as well as a few numbers to oncologists in the area and wished me well. There was no time to ask questions, not that I would have known what to ask. Emmett and I drove home in silence. After that day, we lived our lives in silence. Our relationship quietly ended when I was no longer able to be a mother to his future children. I scheduled my surgery to have my uterus removed and waited; hoping surgery would take the cancer with it. After surgery I would be on a six month regimen of chemotherapy and puking. Emmett and I lived a day at a time. He came with me when I had my surgery. He held my hair back while I puked, trying to be supportive. He came with me when I had my first post-operative PET scan and found out my cancer had metastasized and I had three lumps in my right breast and one in my left lung. I thought I would beat it. I thought getting my uterus out would be what saved me. I kicked myself, realizing I suffered surgical pain and losing part of what made me a woman, and I still wasn't kicking Cancer's ass. It was going to kick mine. I cried that night while Emmett sat in the corner of the living room, looking out the window. He didn't look at me again after that night and we still didn't talk. I was dying and he was trying to cope, or hide away from the reality of it. I started going to chemo with my best friend, Rosalie. She had been there for me when my mom and dad both died. She had been like a sister to me growing up and suddenly she was like my mother figure, caring for me when I couldn't. I started a stronger dose of chemo, which meant I felt shittier than before. I threw up for five days instead of the three it was before. Rose held my hair and got my Gatorade and stayed at my bedside until I was able to get up without needing to dash to the bathroom. My long, beautiful brown locks had almost all fallen out. I got a short pixie cut; hoping I wouldn't notice the clumps of hair falling out if they were not as long. The routine went on forever before we decided on a lumpectomy and direct site radiation, while in surgery. Unfortunately, direct site radiation was not available in Seattle. I boarded a plane to Chicago to meet with an oncologist at Rush; Carlisle Cullen. He was said to be the best in the business, so I made the trip and crossed my fingers, hoping it would work. After a week in the hospital, I boarded a plane back home, with a sore breast and extreme nausea, promising to return in six weeks to start an additional clinical trial they were offering. Emmett was supposed to pick me up at the airport, but my flight was delayed and I told him I would take a cab. I sat in the cab, holding tightly onto my sore chest, realizing I again lost another little part of my womanhood. The cab left me in front of our apartment. I stood out front, trying to find the will to take myself back inside. Little by little, I was less of a woman. I had no hair, no uterus and only a tit and a half left. I wiped away the few stray tears that fell at the thought of being only part of me now, as I made my way to the front door. It was dark inside and I hoped Emmett was resting. I quietly opened the door, having to lean against the wall once inside. I was sore and out of breath and horribly nauseated. My lung still had a lump in it and after any kind of exertion, even a small walk, I was left breathless. It was silent in the apartment until I heard giggling, and moaning and Emmett grunting. I figured he was watching porn, since we hadn't been intimate in a very long time. At least he was finding satisfaction. I would struggle to the couch until he was finished. I didn't want to interrupt if he was able to get his own release. As soon as I heard a woman moan Emmett's name I knew it wasn't porn. With new-found energy, I held on to the wall and slowly made it to the bedroom door. I peeked through the crack of the open door. I saw hands and naked bodies and blonde hair sprawled across my pillow. I pushed the door open before I fell to the floor. Our marriage had been perfect, more than perfect really. I was fighting for my life, on the verge of death, and my husband and best friend were fucking? I heard them both gasp as they jumped apart and the world around me went black. I returned to Chicago six weeks later, divorce papers in hand. I didn't want to stay in the marriage or make Emmett stay until I died. I knew that Emmett would care for Rose and she would him. As much as I needed someone, I refused to force him into staying with me out of sympathy. I always wanted us to be happy, and I knew we were no longer happy together. After finding them, I couldn't force happiness. Before I left, Rose tried to apologize, as did Emmett, but I didn't need them to say they were sorry. Their apologies wouldn't change what happened or our abilities to move forward, separately. I needed to sever the ties so I would be able to live happy until my end. I rented a small apartment which he paid for. He opted to support me until I either died, or found another. I figured death would take me soon enough. I got into a good routine in Chicago; chemo, puking and repeat. Doctor Carlisle Cullen was wonderful. He made me feel at home in Chicago, even though I was alone and over two-thousand miles from home. His wife, Esme, would cook for me and bring me care packages when I was at the hospital, and I spent a lot of time at the hospital. I sighed, thinking back over the last few years of my life, which led me where I was. The cancer had officially spread through my entire body. I was a walking Bella of cancer cells. Carlisle had given me minimal time left to live, and I wanted to live it; enjoy it! I refused to be hooked to oxygen or machines or anything else that would lengthen my stay on earth. A light dose of morphine three times a day and I was good to go. I wandered around the hospital in sweats and a mask. My immune system was shot and even though death was near, Carlisle made me promise to 'be smart.' Seven days left to live. At that time, I had no idea my life would end so soon. I sat in my bed, watching Maury and laughing at the thought I might see Emmett on there one day, if I lived long enough. My giggling stopped, overtaken by coughs. When the coughing stopped, I heard the voice of Carlisle and another man. They were just outside of my door, engaged in what sounded to be a heated debate. I was in my own personal debate as to whether I should get up or not, when I realized I was standing at the doorway, my jaw dropped from the sight before me. There stood the most beautiful man I had ever laid eyes on. He was tall, with a strong build and unruly hair. Carlisle looked to me and inquired to my well-being. I was without a mask in an attempt to leave my room and he wasn't amused. He shooed me back to my bed, hand on the small of my back, as the other man followed. He was like my own personal angel, there for me. Well, in the truth of it, I knew he wasn't there for me. I was dying and there was no way a man of his graces would want me in that state. Carlisle left me, but the angel stayed. He sat at the end of my bed, briefly looking at me and then away. It was almost like he was worried he would catch cancer from me. We sat in silence, but it was nice to not be alone. I had spent the last year alone, and suddenly, with the end near, I had company. He left just as he came, without a word. I felt like sitting with me had been torture for him. Six days left to live. My body ached and I wanted so badly to ask for more drugs, but when I went, I wanted to go lucidly, seeing the world around me. I begged Carlisle to let me take a walk outside; like really outside. I had been stuck in the hospital for six months, without an ounce of