So, I just started doing my own re-edits on this one. So, I may not be doing 2-3 updates a day like I did with Life Support. At least not right away. Plus, I'm working on something new. I sent the first chapter off, but I would like to have a few under my belt before I begin posting. I hope you all enjoy this baby the second time around(or first for people who never got to read it). The Proposal I watched her walk back and forth in the conference room. She was setting up coffee, water, juice and pastries. Her light brown hair was in a tight bun, but in the front, errant strands of hair were falling down and she kept pushing them back out of her face. I ached to touch her; to move the hair for her. I wasn't sure why I was there, watching her. I didn't need to be there. Our meeting wasn't for another hour, but I wanted to prepare and my office was never quiet. I sat at the small table, off to the side of the boardroom, trying to focus on the accounts I was presenting to the board. I needed to make sure I got the results I wanted, but I was distracted by Bella being in the room. I stared at the file in front of me, not registering a single word on the page. Everything started to blur. I looked up to see Bella bent over the table, taking particular note of her long legs, punctuated by her stiletto heels. Her short skirt was riding up and I could have sworn I could see the soft curves at the base of her ass. Her legs were toned and pure muscle, but I was focused on her ass. The strain in my pants grew. What the fuck Edward? You can't be thinking like this. You are about to make the biggest presentation of your life. I closed my eyes; trying to not think of the images that were now burned into my mind. Bella was bent over the conference table; legs wide open for me. Her hair fell loosely around her shoulders where I pulled on her hair as I pounded my cock into her. She looked back at me, still bent over the table before me. "Fuck me, Edward." Her words sent a shock through me. I moaned and pounded harder into her. I slapped her ass and dug my fingers into the now rosy pink flesh. "Mr. Cullen." Why isn't she calling me Edward? "Mr. Cullen?" I started to shake. I opened my eyes and there before me, touching my shoulder, looking deep into my eyes was Bella; well, Ms. Swan. She was my assistant's assistant. I was a tough man; even my assistant needed help to manage me. "Are you all right? You must have dozed off or something and you were mumbling in your sleep. The executives will be here in thirty minutes, if you want to get ready." For just a brief second, her warm chocolate eyes dropped down toward my pants, then back to my eyes. What did I say in my sleep? Fuck. "Uh…um…" Bella's eyes were still boring into mine, and there I sat, a sputtering idiot. "Well, Mr. Cullen, the room is set. The food and drinks are set and your proposal papers and the laptop for the PowerPoint have been set. I am going to freshen up and I will be back to make sure everything works correctly before the board arrives." Her eyes entranced me and I couldn't look away. She stared back at me before she awkwardly withdrew her eyes from mine and exited the room. I ran my hands through my hair and tugged. What was I thinking when I hired her? She was everything I ever wanted in a woman; smart, spunky, she made my heart beat just a bit faster and she was absolutely gorgeous. I hired her three weeks earlier, based on those qualities. Her resume met company guidelines as did the resumes of the other five women I interviewed, but none of them had that special sparkle in their eyes or gave me butterflies in my stomach. Needless to say, the last three weeks had been hard on me. To say I wanted her would be an understatement. It was deeper than that. I needed her. I was driven toward her. If I had been smart, I wouldn't have hired her. Instead, I would have asked her out on a date. But I had never been a smart man when it came to the proper way to approach a woman. I loosened my neck-tie and ran my hand behind my head before dragging my fingertips from my the base of my head all the way to my forehead. My hair was pulled into my face. I closed my eyes and let my head rest back. I needed help. Quick. I looked at my watch. It was twenty minutes until the partners would arrive. I stood up and walked toward the door. I needed to regroup and fix myself before they arrived. I pulled the conference room door open to discover a shocked Bella. She had her hand up, like she was going to push it open. Instead, she was pushing on my chest. I held back a groan. "Oh, sorry, Mr. Cullen." She pulled her hand back quickly. Sparks shot through my body. I instantly wanted her touch again. Bella cradled her hand with her other, like she was injured by the touch. "It's fine. No harm. Please, entertain the partners for a few minutes when they arrive. I will be back shortly." I moved out of her way. I didn't want to risk us touching one another again. I needed to get a grip; not make this worse. I ran to the bathroom as quickly as possible. I checked the stalls. I was alone. I needed to release, or scream; something. I didn't have the time for the first desire or the privacy for the second. I turned the water on as cold as it would go. I let it run over my hands until the cold was unbearable. I filled my hands with water and placed my face in my hands. I did this over and over until the sensations running through me were abated. I attempted to fix my hair. It was impossible to do in the short amount of time I had. I was too lazy to get it trimmed so I had constant bed head. Five minutes until I was supposed to be in the conference room with the partners and Bella. I walked quickly back to my office, opened the liquor cabinet and took a shot. I needed to calm my nerves or I would never make it through my proposal. I popped a mint in my mouth and put two more in my pocket, just in case, and made my way back to the conference room. Edward, what are you thinking? Drinking before a proposal? I shook my head and continued walking. I was almost to the room when I heard it; her laugh. My gut twisted and my breathing hitched. I should have post-poned the meeting until Jessica, my assistant, was back. Jessica did nothing for me. She flirted, but she was easy to ignore. She was a squeaky-voiced; slightly over-weight blonde, but she knew her job. My feet stopped as I pushed open the door. Bella was sitting on the boardroom table with her legs crossed. She had her head thrown back as her laughter filled the room. None of that was what caught my attention. Royce King - one of the youngest partners in the firm, had his hand on Bella's knee. That is what caught my eye. Fury seethed through my body. Bella was mine. Well, not really, but in my mind she was. I cleared my throat to make my presence known. "Mr. King, Mr. Biers, Mrs. Newton, Mrs. Hale, and Mr. McCarthy." I shook my head and smiled at each, except for Royce. He was flirting with my…with Bella. "Well, let's get started." I walked past Bella as she took her seat. I reached my hand out and lightly brushed my fingertips down her arm, to her hand as I took the projector clicker from her. She pulled her arm away from me and in toward her body once I had the clicker. I felt the same shock flow through me as I did before. I presented my proposal on auto-pilot. My mind was focused on Royce and Bella, Bella and me. I had to make her mine before he stepped in. At the end of the meeting, Royce slid a piece of paper to Bella. I am going to kill that asshole. I stood firm at the front of the boardroom as Bella opened the door and guided the partners out. My fists were clenched tightly and my jaw was locked. Bella turned and looked at me. She cocked her head to the side. "Is there a problem, Mr. Cullen?" "Uh, yes, but we will talk later." I shuffled, trying to get my shit together so I could get out of the room. I didn't know what it was about that woman, but every time she addressed me, I fumbled like a fucking idiot. "Yes, Mr. Cullen." Bella turned her attention from my face to the table. I stood there watching her, bent over the table again and I could feel my pants tightening. "Isabella, let's talk now." "Uh, okay," she said, turning so she was facing me. She placed her hands on the table on either side of her. She looked so hot like that; her shirt tight across her chest and abdomen. I could see the outline of her lace bra as I stalked toward her. "Isabella, I need to talk to you about what happened in the meeting…" my words trailed off. "What part, Sir? I thought you did a wonderful job. Great presentation." "Not…not about that." I was right in front of her. She squirmed, trying to create space between us. "Then," she paused and swallowed. "Then what about, Sir?" "What were you talking to Royce about?" "He was just telling me about his plans for this weekend." I moved a bit closer to her. Our legs were touching. "And?" She looked nervous. She looked down, away from my face. "Why are you asking me this?" She looked up at me though her eyelashes. I moved my hand slowly to her face and brushed the hair back that had fallen into her eyes. "Because, Isabella, I want you." Her eyes were wide as I placed my hands on hers, and moved my body flush to her. Her breath hitched. "Mr. Cullen-." "Edward. Call me Edward." I couldn't try to get in her pants if we were being so formal. It sounded like she faintly moaned, "Edward." "I am going to sit you on the table. Okay, Isabella?" She nodded her head and looked down. I placed my hands on her ass as I lifted her on to the table. I spread her legs apart so I could stand between them. She was still looking away from me, down at the floor. Fuck. What if she doesn't want me too? Does she think she has to do this to keep her job? "Isabella, if you don't want to do this…don't think I am forcing you." I placed my hand under her chin and slowly moved her head so I could see in her eyes. I was afraid I would see fear in her eyes, but she kept her eyes trained down even though her face was up. She was fighting looking at me. I dropped my hands to her side. "Look at me, please." She slowly raised her eyes to mine. There was no fear. Instead there was lust and seduction. "Oh." I ran