Immortal Son of Kronos: Saviour of the World Disclaimer: I do not own any of Rick Riordan's works or his creations, I only own what I do to them, my original characters and their souls Chapter 1 A gigantic shadow passed over camp, they where storm clouds full of flames, shooting down purplish lightning. the waves crashed against the shores angirly, the seas churned as gigantic earthquakes rocked the camp, sending a crack completely down the middle before spewing up reddish flames. A howl of pure anger and anguish tore from the throat of a kneeling male teen with brown hair, his eyes wide open and completely black except for the green flames spewing out of his eyes, his hands glowing a myriad of colors, chaotic red, a hearth yellow, sea green, electric blue, Storm gray. Black wings outlined in green where completely spread out from his back, green flames licking along the tips. A spartan sword was sticking straight up from the chest of a teen girl with raven colored hair, her eyes wide open, revealing a sea green color dull with death, in her hand was a trident. Michael shot up in bed, his chest filmy with sweat, his startling bright saphirre blue eyes wide with fear. He bedsheets and blankets where splayed around him. He recently just experienced a recurring nightmare, one where he was at an unknown camp. He looked around his room, noticing his Lamb of God Sacrament poster hung just above his Red Wood Desk, his laptop sat atop that, showing a screen saver of the symbol of Kronos, a scythe of an hourglass. He turned to look out his window, looking at the gray walls of the Empire State Building. He sighed audibly as he got out of his bed and walked towards his closet, quickly rifling through it before grabbing a black T-shirt, a Black Leather jacket that had the symbol of Kronos on his right sleeve, he then put on a pair of Black skinny jeans with black Avia's. After that he grabbed his spartan sword and attached the belt to his hips, feeling the tug on the left side of his waist, signifying that the sword was in fact there. He smiledsoftly before he turned towards his door and walked out. As Michael exited his bedroom he turned left and headed down the hallway, soon entering the living room, summoning a breakfast sandwich into his hands. He quickly took a bite as he unlocked his front door and stepped out, locking it behind him. 0o0o0o0 Michael stood outside of the Demigod Coffee Shop, a place where they served coffee with as my h nectar as you could want, now with him being immortal it allows him to have as much as Ambrosia and Nectar as he could want, it also meant that he bled golden and when he blushed his cheeks would turn a golden color, same with anger, tough currently feeling emotions was impossible for him right now. He entered the coffee shop and went up to the counter, asking for two cups of coffee with at least half nectar in each of them. He pulled out 45 drachmae, which covered the bill and also gave a 15 drachmae tip. He smiledas he stood there for a second, watching the four armed half human work on his two cups. The Demi-monster soon handed him the two cups o' coffee. Mi heel nodded his head before heading to the table. He set his cups Ashe felt his phone vibrate, nowhere doesn't have to worry about monster attacks because he went to Hestia's potion shop and took a potion that was purple with silver swirls, it effectively took away his demi-titan scent and left him without worry of monster attacks. He looked down at his phone and noticed Chiron was calling. He quickly answered the Camp Half-Blood director and his half-brother. He smiled softly. "Hello?" Michael asked into the phone. "Hello, Michael. We need you to come to camp, the gods request it, mainly. Because they fear an incoming attack at Half-Blod and need their strongest warriors, they already called Percy and Annabeth back from College for the time being." Chiron said. "Okay." Michael said before hanging up. He shook his head before downing both cups, shrugging off the burn he got thanks to the nectar. He smiled before he walked out of the coffee shop and flared his wings. He gave them one powerful push Downwards, sending him up into the air, he quickly flapped his wings, heading towards the direction of camp. Just as he flew near the borders a giant rock flew at him, causing him to enter a steep dive which caused him to crash on the hill, thankfully on the inside of the border. He stood up for a second before falling to the ground, unconscious. 0o0o0o0 Michael woke up staring into the most beautiful pair of eyes he has ever seen, they where the brightest shade of sea green he could imagine, well that was till he took him the full image and saw Percy as the one leaning over him. He curled his lip before he sent a gust of air at Percy, knocking him on his arse. Michael turned and looked at a girl he never saw before, she had about a little past shoulder length black hair and under each that she wore an orange camp Half-Blood T-Shirt that seemed to hug her body, she also had on form fitting blue skinny jeans. He turned his head away and looked up at the ceiling. "Chiron, what are we going to do. I mean they got catapults for crying outloud." Percy said as he looked at Chiron, much like a he used to when he used to live here. "Well maybe instead of sitting here and doing nothing you could actually figure something out. For Hades sake, you have children of Hephaestus here to build shit. You also have children of Athena to think up battle plans. Children of Ares to be infantry and children of Apollo and the hunters of Artemis as your archers. You have enough kids left over to create a cavalry and you also have Apollo himself, albeit he is a bit mortal at the moment. But if I make my case to the gods, Apollo can be reinstated as an Olympian, it also helps that I am the only immortal demi-titan around who has been adopted by the Last Olympian and The Creator of this universe for hades sake." Michael said his eyes glinting a tad bit golden from his recent rant. If one to look closely they would see that his saphirre blue eyes where ringed with gold and around the pupil was reddish yellow flames. His pupils where actually speckled with miniature stars and solar systems. Chiron looked at Michael in surprise, so did most people in the room, including the girl with raven colored hair. It turned out she had the brightest Sea green eyes anyone could have, more so the Percy's eye color. Michael looked at her face, noticing the fullness of her lips, the curvature of her cheek bones giving off the look of feminine perfection. The orange camp T-shirt was awfully tight, hugging her slight hourglass firgure. The shirt was tucked into tight skinny jeans that where a light blue and almost white in some places, showing use. As he studied her face, his pulse started to race and his breathing got a tad bit lighter. His eyes dilated and started glowing golden. That moment past just as fast as it came. His pulse returned to normal, alongside his breathing and eyes. He sat up in the bed, quickly getting up and walked towards Chiron. "Brother, the only logical solution to this problem is to organize the whole camp in the amphitheatre and tell them my plan. Before this happens though I think it would be best if stayed in our fathers cabin, you know, the one hidden underneath the fountain." Michael said before he walked out of the Big House and quickly headed towards the middle of camp, his long legs eating up the distance like a dog eats meat. He smirked as he neared the fountain, one that didn't even work. He raised his hands and shot a golden beam at the thing, hitting it. Suddenly the ground rumbled as a cabin twice the size of Zeus's rose from the ground. The fountain changed into a statue of a scythe crossing over an hourglass. The cabin itself was made completely of Titan Steel, a metal that predates Celestial Bronze and is ageless and extremely power productive. His sword was made of Titan Silver alongside his armor that he could summon at times. He smiled softly as he looked at the black walls that pulsated with power, etched into the walls was all of Kronos Conquests through the ages, from killing his father to becoming second in charge of the titan kingdom under the leadership of his older brother Ophion, to him overthrowing Ophion and taking the Kingdom for himself. It showed the many acts that Kronos committed, including eating his own children, what most people didn't know is that the tree that grew through the roof of the cabin was intact the tree of Time, the prime source of power for the primordial being Chronus and the Titan Kronos. The sap can either completely destroy your soul or imbue you with unlimited power. Now you had to be a child of Kronos or Chronus to even drink the sap with out being killed, now Michael being Michael he actually drunk from the tree and the river the flowed beside it. This was the River of time, it is what time runs from, because it ebbs and flow, if you where the follow this river backwards it would lead you to the beginning of time and the very birth of Khaos. Michael smirked as he entered and suddenly entered a grand castle made of Primordial Platinum, Celestial Bronze, Stygian Iron, Titan Steel, Imperial Gold and Olympian Silver. At the very end of the hall sat a throne, this throne seemed to suck in all light and was the one chair now god or titan can sit on, this was the throne of Erebus, the primordial of Shadows and Evil. Around it sat eleven other chairs, each one for a different Primordial. The one on the farthest right was a golden chair that seemed to flow like the sands of time, this was the throne of Chronus, the primordial of time. Now I could go on and on about each chair but that right now that isn't important. Michael walked directly towards the center of the half circle of thrones. He raised his fist up and filled it with the collective power of all his abilities. He shot what he just summoned into the air, once it neared the ceiling it exploded and sent out a pulse. Suddenly the chairs filled. In the center sat Erebus with a crown that was tilted on his head, beside his thrown was a gigantic sword that seemed to draw in light and spew out a feeling of malice. Beside him sat his wife, Nyx, the primordial of Night, beside her throne, which was made up of the night sky, sat a whip that seemed to give you the appearance of the universe when spooled. Across from Nyx sat Thantos, the primordial god of Death, his throne was made up of lost souls and skulls, his symbol of power was a scythe. As the council filled in one by one. Soon the room was almost completely filled, the only seat empty was that of Uranus, considering that he was currently dead. Michael knelt in front of Erebus. "M'lord, I summoned you guys because it seems as if my curse is wearing off and I was hoping that you guys will finally bless me with your collective