Hi everyone. I am finally getting the chance to post my submission to the Toys For Tots compilation. It is a one shot that started off as a Lyrics to Life submission, but with life and a bit of writers block, it never made it to submission. So ... here it is for all of you guys. A HUGE shout out to the most awesome pre-reader in the world Deebelle1. She gave some great pointers and suggestions and she is just plain awesome. She also made the banner for this fic. So everyone give her a big round of applause because without her help, at times I am lost. Also another shout out to the amazing A Jasper For Me who beta'd this for me before health reasons forced her to take a step back. Honey, I love you lots and hope this puts a smile on your face. As always, I don't own anything Twilight, that all belongs to Stephanie Meyers. Now, one to the fic. I hope you like it. EPOV Of all mornings for that damn sliver of light to peek through the curtain and find my hung over face, it would be this morning. I pull my hand up to cover my face and roll over trying to evade the light. Swallowing is just gross at this point because of the alcohol induced cotton balls that have taken up residence in my mouth. Why did I think drinking all of that Cuervo was a good idea? "Oh shit!" I hear, followed by an annoying giggle. "Shut the fuck up, Lauren!" I mumble as I shove my head under the pillow. "Uh … I think you're going to want to call your publicist for some damage control this morning." "What the fuck for?" I groan from under the pillow. "Because you were too horny to wait until we got home to fuck me." My eyes snap open and I throw the pillow off my head before I sit up in a rush of shock. I grab her phone from her hand and look at that fat fuck's gossip site. There in all its slightly grainy glory, is a photo of me fucking Lauren in an alley. "Son-of-a-bitch!" I jump up from the bed and run over to where my jeans were thrown on the floor and pull out my phone. I find Bella's number and hit send,thankful when she answers on the second ring. "I'm on my way to your house right now. My flight just landed. I'll be there in twenty," she says before hanging up on me. The fuck? She just hung up on me! God damn it! Why was she coming in from a flight? She is supposed to be working for me, keeping shit like this from happening. I throw my phone on the bed and stomp off to take a piss. Fuck! This is the last thing I need. My new movie is in post production and I've got four more offers on the table waiting for my decision. I don't need this right now. I thought I could fucking trust Bella to keep this shit from coming out. That is why I hired her; my best friend. She wasn't in this for the money or the connections she could make. She was in it for me—to help me. That is what we are: a team. At least I thought we were a team. Suddenly half my team decides it's okay to leave and catch a flight somewhere and not tell me. I finish up in the bathroom and make my way back to my bedroom to change my clothes. A quick sniff of my shirt and I want to hurl. It smells like a dirty bar and the scent of a nasty alley-way. Deciding to make my way back to the bathroom, I strip my clothes off and jump in the shower. Fifteen minutes later I'm clean and wearing a pair of jeans and a wife beater, as I sit in my living room reading a text message from my very pissed off agent. God damn it! The studio knows and wants a meeting. Could things get any worse? I hear the door open and close before Bella walks down the hallway and into the living room. She just stands there looking at me. She is disheveled and exhausted looking. "You look like utter shit! What the fuck have you been up to, because obviously it hasn't been your job?" "I had an emergency come up. It was last minute. I had to catch a flight out two days ago." "You've been gone two days?!" I look at her in shock. "You didn't think to tell me, your friend— better yet—your boss, you were going out of town." "I did. If you'd ever answer your phone when I call you or check your voice-mail, you would've known," she calmly answers me. I toss my tablet at her, "What the fuck, Swan? You have one major job to do—keep shit like this from happening! I know you have people who usually call you before shit like this gets published. You could've somehow stopped it!" Letting the tablet fall onto the couch, Bella exclaims, "Did it ever occur to you to show a little restraint and keep it in your pants Edward?" Her eyebrow is arched and her hands are planted on her hips in a way that clearly says she's pissed at me. "An alley, Edward? Not just any alley, the alley just outside the damn doors and line. Everyone saw you. Do you know how many camera phones caught what you did? How many paps caught what you did? There is no amount of work I could have done to keep that off YouTube or out of the press." "I was drunk. We were having fun. Fuck!" I shout back as if it should have been obvious. "You're twenty-eight years old Edward and that excuse is getting old. Use the good sense I know Esme and Carlisle gave you," Bella sasses back. "Don't fucking chastise me. I can do whatever the hell I want. I'm Edward- fucking -Cullen!" I yell, pounding my chest. "I pay you to do a job. Obviously one you can't do. I thought I could trust you with all of this—my best friend— but I guess I can't." As soon as the words come from my mouth, I instantly regret them. I watch as she takes her bottom lip into her mouth, trying not to cry. Bella closes her eyes just before she takes a deep breath and speaks. "I've done everything for you Edward, short of putting the fucking condoms on your fucking cock myself, just to keep you out of trouble. I've kept more shit out of the magazines and off YouTube than I can or even care to keep track of. This one time— one fucking time —that I take for myself, to take care of some personal stuff you ..." She doesn't finish because the tears begin to fall. "Bella … fuck … I …" But I don't get a chance to finish. I watch as she shakes her head and puts her hands on her stomach. "I'm done, Edward. I'm so done. I can't ..." "What the fuck do you mean you're done?" "Just what I said. I can't do it anymore. You don't give two shits about anyone or anything but yourself and what affects you. Somewhere in the last ten years the man I lo-, my best friend Edward, disappeared and was replaced with … this awful person you've become." "What you are saying?" I ask as I feel the panic rising in my chest. "I'm telling you that I quit." My heart quickens and a sense of dread washes over me. "Oh stop being so dramatic, Bella. We all know when you two finish this fight, you storm out, and then in less than forty-eight hours all will be forgiven. Can we please just skip to that part now and spare me from having to deal with no fun, emo Edward for the next two days?" Lauren asks before flopping down onto the couch next to me. "I'm done with both of you," Bella announces and there is a sense of finality to her words. "You got yourself into this shit Edward, so get yourself out of it. I'm sure right about now Aro and the other studio execs are having a shit fit over the fact their number one star just got caught, literally, with his pants down in public. If I were you, I would start trying to find a new publicist." I watch, dumbfounded as she makes her way to the door. I know I can't let her leave and run to her just as she pulls it open. "Bella, come on. You don't mean this. This is the exhaustion talking. Don't do something this stupid." She takes another deep breath before looking at me. "I can't keep doing this. I can't keep carrying on with this sham of a thing we call a friendship anymore. Everyone always told me it was one sided—that it meant more to me than to you—but I always defended you, hoping you would one day open your eyes and see what is right in front of you. That what you're doing, how you're living, and who you're living with isn't right ..." She takes in a shaky breath before she continues. "I just … I just can't do it anymore. It hurts too much when you brush me aside like I am nothing more than your employee and not the best friend you say I am." "What the fuck, Bella!" Now I'm really pissed off over the words that have fallen from her lips. "You really think our friendship is one sided? That I don't care about it like you do? I'm the one that took a chance on you when I came out here. I took you out of Podunk Forks and made you into the amazing publicist you are today. Without me and the chance I gave you, you would still be carrying out plates of Sue's special-of-the-day and married to one of the pathetic pieces of shit that couldn't make it out of Forks. You would be struggling to pay the rent and buy diapers for the two-point-five kids you popped out," I spit out at her. She stands there, just staring at me for the longest time, like she doesn't recognize me before she breaks the silence. "You claim to care so much, but you have yet to ask me where I was and what I was doing during the two days I was gone." "Does it really matter?" I ask. She closes her eyes, shaking her head and chuckling humorlessly. "I guess not. Goodbye, Edward," she says before she walks out the door without another word. I turn and walk back to the living room, utterly dumbfounded. What the fuck just happened? "Stop with the emo shit, Eddie!" Lauren sighs. "She'll be back and things will work out fine. Come here and let me make it better," she says before pulling me down to her and capturing my lips with hers, I soon get lost in a tangle of torn clothes and naked limbs. Dusk has arrived in a fury of reds and oranges. The sky is on fire as the sun sets and I'm sitting on my back deck watching Lauren's slim body glide through the clear water of my swimming pool. After three hours of 'taking-my-mind-off-of-things' sex, I'm in a much better mood. Lauren is right; all this drama will blow over in a few days and Bella and I will be back to normal. I try to formulate a plan to get out of whatever trouble I've managed to get myself into with the studio over those pictures. I'm confident I'll be able to play it off, maybe pull the "someone must