Hi everyone. This is my very first time submitting a story here. Please be gentle with me. I do not have a beta, so if you are interested please let me know. So all mistakes are on me. Also the translations for the Italian are listed on the bottom. Thank you again for reading. Oh, and then wonderful Stephanie M. own everything Twilight, I just found a bit on inspiration in her characters to come up with a plot line. BPOV I felt another kick to my rib cage praying it was the last, I heard his footstep walking away and him mumble "That will teach ya to think you are better than me. Maybe next time I ask you out you will say yes you little bitch!" What the hell just happened? Where the hell am I? Oh God, I need to get out of here. I tried to stand up, but I couldn't pull myself up. I saw my purse laying just to the side of me and I tried like hell to grab it. I dragged myself over to it, whimpering in pain with every movement. I dug out my cell phone and dialed the number that I have him programed in for speed dial. "Please pick up. Please pick up." I whispered in prayer as the phone was dialing out. "Hey Bella what's up?" I heard my him say. "Edward.." I choked out. "...help me...please help me!" I cried out. "Bella! Bella! Where are you? Bella...answer me, where are you baby?" I heard him yelling through the phone. "I don't..." and the painless dark took over me, and dreams from my past swirled in my mind. I took comfort in them, they were my everything, my happiness. He was my happiness. My best friend, my Edward. It was a nice day outside, one of the last days of spring and I wanted to spend as much time outside as I could. As the last bell rang for the day I grabbed my things from my locker and ran outside to swing on the swings. My dad wasn't picking me up, so I could just play for a little bit before I walked home. Just as I was day dreaming while swinging I felt two hands on my back push me hard and I fell forward and landed on my stomach in the wood chips that lay under the swings. I felt the warm tears prick the corners of my eyes and fall down my cheeks. " Hey! Didn't your father teach you to never hurt a girl?" I heard a sweet voice say. I looked up to see a tall boy standing in front of me. "Now, get out of here before I tell my father on you. He doesn't take kindly to boys who hurt girls." He then knelt down in front of me, "Are you alright? Are you hurt?" He asked. I couldn't speak. No one has ever stood up for me. He put his hands on my arms and helped me stand up. I looked into his eyes, they were the greenest eyes I have ever seen, which I guess being only ten years old isn't saying much, but I can't imagine another person with eyes as green. I felt him take my hand and turn them over. "Oh my God, your bleeding! Come on, my mom should be here soon. You can come to my house and get cleaned up." " Why are you being so nice to me? No one is ever this nice to me." " You're hurt. And those boys should never have pushed you off the swing. My father says boys should never, ever hurt girls. Didn't your father ever tell you that?" " No, my father doesn't really talk to me much anymore. Not since my mom left us. He told me I made her leave." " That's not a very nice thing for a father to say." " He isn't very nice. It could be worse, he could hit me." " Well, come on. My mom just pulled up. Lets get your hands cleaned up." He lead me to a shinny black car. "My name is Edward. What's your name?" " Isabella." I said. As we reached the car he opened the back door for me and helped me in. "Mom, some boys pushed Isabella off the swings today and she has some wood chips in her hands. Can you help her?" " Oh, of course dear. Is it alright with your parents if you come over Isabella?" " My dad is working a double at the station and my mom isn't around anymore." I replied with my head down. " Oh, well then you can stay for dinner. Edward and his father can take you home later then. But, you should still call and let your father know where you are." " Thank you Mrs., um, what's your last name?" " Cullen Dear." " Thank you Mrs. Cullen." As we drove home I found out that Edward was two years ahead of me. He promised to keep an eye out for me to make sure no one hurt me again. It was the strangest feeling, but I felt a connection with Edward. Like we were meant to always be friends. He even wrapped his arms around me as his mom poured disinfectant on my hands to clean them out. I called my father at the station to let him know I was staying over to a friends house for dinner, and as usual he just shrugged it off. Typical of him not to care much. Mrs. Cullen made a wonderful dinner and I was helping her set the table when Edwards father came home. Edward introduced me and explained what happened. His father told him he was proud of him for standing up for me and doing right by a girl. He then gave me the warmest smile. "Who could ever hurt a sweet little thing like you?" We all sat down for dinner and the conversation rolled on. I loved the feeling of having a family dinner. I can't remember even sitting at the table with my mom and dad. I felt so at home with the Cullens. After I helped Mrs. Cullen clean up and load the dishwasher, Edward and his father took me home. As we pulled up it was dark inside my house as dad was working until midnight. "Isabella, I don't feel comfortable leaving you here by yourself. Something could happen." Mr. Cullen said. " It's OK Mr. Cullen. I am usually here by my self at night anyway. My dad doesn't usually stay home much. He says I remind him of my mom and he can't stand it." I opened the door and got out. "Isabella. You have our phone number if something happens, please call us. I don't like this, not at all. A little girl should not be left alone at night" " I promise, if I need something I will call you." I said before running up to my house and letting myself in. This was the start of my friendship with Edward and his family, taking me in as one of their own. I felt myself being lifted up and strapped to something hard. Through squinted eyes I could see red and blue lights and then I heard his voice. "Bella...Bella?" "Edward?" I cried out "Bella, I'm here, I'm here. "**Oh Dio! Il mio cuore! Guardati! Fuck! Who did this to you Bella?" I seen the tears running down his face as he ran towards me pushing past the police. He came for me. The one person who was always there for me. My protector, he never let me down. Before I could answer a dark calm took ever again. EPOV "No mom, the last thing I want is for you to set me up on a date with the daughter of one of your book club friends." I sighed into the phone. God my mother could be exhausting with the pressure she put on me to find a good girl and give her grandchildren. I swear, if it had breasts and was Italian, she was trying to fix me up with it! "Edward, I am not getting any younger! I want to see you happily married before I have to be wheeled down the isle. ** Mio figlio, posso dire siete soli. Voglio solo che tu sia felice." Great! She was really laying the guilt on now. She only spoke in Italian when she was trying to get her way out of me. She knew it was my weakness. "Mom, I said no. Please understand. There is someone, I just...I need some time. I need to talk with her, let her know my true feeling." As I spoke, I knew it was a mistake. "Who is she? **Mio figlio, please tell me? Is she a good girl? Is she Italian?" "Yes mom, she is Italian, and she is an amazing girl." "Tell me more. What is her name?" "No mom, I need some time first, just...give me some time OK?" There was a pause. "Alright, but I better know soon." "Yes mom, I promise. I have to go, I have business to get back to." "Always working so hard, you should be out there telling this girl your feelings for her." "Enough mom! I really have to go mom, business." "OK, OK. Ti voglio bene, al sicuro" "Si mamma, sono sempre io. Ti amo." I put my phone down on my desk and went back to the files that were spread over my desk. These damn Voltori were making my life a living hell. They were a rival family who were trying to get a bigger name for themselves the mafia world. My world. The world I was born into to. I, Edward Cullen, was the mafia prince of New York. Soon to be boss when my father decided to step down. Carlisle has been grooming me to take over since I was a teenager. I, his prince, would one day become the king. I was currently handling the day to day annoyances of keeping tabs of the rival families, keeping an eye on shipments, running the "businesses" to keep our front legit. I normally didn't stress, I can handle most anything. But how the Voltori were getting in and getting to our gun shipments before we were was getting on my damn nerves. There had to be a mole somewhere in my crew, and I needed to find out fast. I was drawn out of my thoughts by my phone ringing. Picking it up I see my best friends smiling face light up my screen. Looking at the time it was 11:00pm, she never calls this late. "Hey Bella, what's up?" "Edward...help me...please help me!" I heard her barely choke out. Panic seized my chest. "Bella! Bella! Where are you? Bella...answer me, where are you baby?" I yelled. "I don't..." I waited. "Bella? Bella? Talk to me baby...where are you?" Panic now had a grip over my entire body. "FUCK! Emmett! Jasper! Get in here NOW!" I yelled. Emmett and Jasper came running into my office. "What's up boss?" Emmett asked. "Bella!" I held out the phone to them. Jasper grabbed it. "Bella? Bella?" Jasper yelled into the phone. "Something's wrong. She called and all she said was my name and then help me. When I asked her where she didn't answer. She didn't hang up, I can still hear the breeze. Can you track it Jasper?" I yelled in panic at them. "Give me a minute." Jasper said as he grabbed my computer and started opening windows and typing quickly. I started pacing back and fourth. "Hurry Jasper, I have to get to her." I barked at him. "Ed, man, take a breath, we'll get her." Emmett said trying to calm me down. What felt like hours was really only seconds as