Contest entry for the More Is MORE Contest **Tied for first place public vote** Title: Lasciviousness and Innocence Name: Prillylove25 Beta'd By: A Jasper For Me Summary: Opposites truly do attract when it comes to best friends, Bella and Jasper. She's a classically trained ballet dancer and he's a tatted up photographer who hopes to crack the shell of her structured life. Will the walls crumble when her freshman year crush, Edward, appears or will she close herself off completely? I want to thank my amazing beta A Jasper For Me, without you darlin, the story wouldn't have been what it was. Thank you so much. And just so that everyone knows...I am currently working on follow up chapters. I will be posting them as a new story, but it will pick up where this o/s leaves off. Thank you for the support and for the votes. You all rocked my world and made my day. Big squishy hugs to you all. BPOV I struggled up the last flight of stairs to the loft I shared with my best friend Jasper. My arms loaded down with my purse, dance bag, the small bag of groceries and the rather large bag of sushi I picked up for dinner. Walking down the dim hallway, I let out a relief-filled sigh as my door came into sight. I looked down to the handle and realized my keys were somewhere in my purse. I sigh while kicking at the door with my foot. "Jazz, my hands are full, come open the door!" I yelled out. I stood there, tapping my toe as I waited for him to come. "You've got to be kidding me!" I whisper to myself. "Jazz, come on! My hands are..." I begin to say, but stop as the door opens and there standing in all of his glory is my kryptonite, Edward Cullen, shirtless with his jeans hanging low on his hips, the top button opened with tatts blazing and that amazing brownish bronze hair messed up to perfection. I stand there in a daze for a second, "Um...where's Jazz?" I ask, as he reaches out and grabs the grocery and take out-bags. "He's back in the studio setting up for some shots." He says, walking to the kitchen and setting the bags down. I set my purse and dance bag by the door and follow him. "I didn't know he had a shoot today." I say, blatantly ogling his jean-covered ass, watching as he walks to the other side of the kitchen counter and sits down on one of the bar stools. I feel him watching me as I begin unpacking the milk, ice cream, eggs and bagels from the grocery bag. "I guess it was a last minute thing from his editor. The other model could only do a shoot tonight." He says, his eyes following me as I put the ice cream in the freezer. "Just get out of rehearsal?" He asks, as I reach to put the milk and eggs in the refrigerator. His eyes and the coolness from the fridge cause my nipples to harden. I let out a shaky breath as I tuck the eggs into their cubby on the door. "Yeah. The principles got to leave early tonight. The choral was fucking up, so we were pardoned." I say with a smile, trying to not show that he is making me nervous. "You're a principle?" "Yes." "Don't be modest Bells!" I hear Jazz from behind me. I feel him snake his arms around my waist, resting his head on my chin. "She has the lead role in A Midsummer Night's Dream." "You're Titania?" Edward asks, with a quirk of his eyebrow. I nod my head. I feel Jazz silently laughing behind me. "I have no idea how you can be so confident on stage,but be so shy off stage." He teases me. I push him off me, feeling the blush creep up on my face. "Don't get huffy, I'm just teasing you, darlin'." He says, pulling me back to his chest. He lays soft kisses on my neck, bringing goosebumps all over my arms and back. I close my eyes and lean back into Jasper's arms, letting out a contented hum. To those who look at our friendship, most would think he and I would clash like oil and water, but, he is the peanut butter to my jelly. He is my voice when I can't express myself, and I am his calm when nothing but rage wants to come out. I'm his tiny dancer. He thinks it is funny to nickname me after the Elton John song. The perfect little ballerina with pale skin and defined muscles. He is my walking art exhibit. He is fully tatted and pierced and just plain bad boy personified. And I love him for it. We met on the first day my freshman year of college in Art Appreciation. He didn't have the required textbook yet, so he leaned over and shared mine. He also borrowed my extra notebook and pen because he forgot those too. He laughed at my organized backpack and declared right there that we were meant to meet. We were yin and yang in the flesh. He lived in a loft off campus his parents bought him, so many nights, I crashed with him to get away from my annoying dorm mate. At the end of that fall semester, he came home with me for Christmas because his parents went on a cruise and wouldn't be home and when we came back for winter semester, I moved in with him. Over time, he discovered my love for tattoos and piercings. As a dance major with hopes to be a prima one day, I could never get any, so I live vicariously through him. I would go along with him every time he got a new piece done or a new piercing. As time dragged on, Jasper and I got closer and closer until one night I was going on about how I needed to find a man and get laid. We sat there staring at each other for the longest time until we just ripped each other clothes off and devoured each other. We made a promise that it was just friends taking care of each other's needs and we've been taking care of each other for the past five years now. Occasionally we date, but we seem just seem to find our way back to each other's arms. Edward's cough brings me back to reality. "I will defiantly have to come with Jazz to watch you. I do love Shakespeare." He says with his signature smirk. "Plus, I think you will look pretty amazing in fairy wings." "I've seen her in them, fucking amazing!" Jasper says, releasing his hold on me and walking over to the take-out bag, unpacking it. "She won't let me photograph her in them though. She's got a practice pair in her room, taunting me." He adds with a smirk, pulling out the sushi containers. Jasper graduated with a degree in photography. He mainly does his more artistic work here in the studio in our loft. His more upscale clientele he photographs for in the studio at the magazine he works for. His job there put's food on the table he claims, but the work he does in the ,loft studio feeds his soul. "Whatever!" I rebut. "Not that I mind, but what kind of photo shoot are you doing here?" "Damn editor wants me to redo the shots I did last week to go along with the fiction pieces the magazine is running." He scoffs. "She said they are too innocent. She wants more 'lasciviousness' to go along with the innocence. The female model I used last week couldn't do anything until six so I told her to come here. Not to mention, the male model I used couldn't re-shoot. Thank God for Edward. There was no way I was staying there and working with my editor breathing down my neck. I hope that's okay?" He asks, while pouring the soy sauce into little dipping bowls for the three of us. "You know it's no worries, baby." I say, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Just sucks that she's messing with your vision again." "Eh, like I said, it pays the bills and feeds me. I can work on my other pieces for the show another time." The three of us sit and talk while we eat sushi and drink beer. I get up and grab a quick shower while Jasper and Edward pick up from dinner. After I towel off and change into a pair of boy shorts and one of Jasper's oversized t-shirts I curl up on the couch with my kindle and just relax. When six o'clock hit, and the model wasn't there, Jasper started to get antsy. "Bells, can you just stand in for me so I can set the lighting? I want to get going the minute she gets here." I pull myself from my spot on the couch and walk into the studio. "Only because I love you." I say, planting a kiss on his cheek. "Where do you want me?" Jasper just smirks at me. "That's a loaded question, especially when you're wearing my clothes." He cocks his eyebrow up at me. I just smile and silently giggle. "Go over and sit down at Edward's feet." I swallow my nerves and walk over to where Edward is sitting on an over-stuffed leather chair. He is sitting back, legs bent and spread wide open. His arms are resting on the arm of the chair as his hands stroke the soft looking leather. He tilts his head to the side and watches me walk towards him. As I position myself on the floor at his feet, Jasper directs me, "Sit so that your legs lay over top of Edward's feet. You don't have to pose, just sit there so I can get the lights angled just right." He says, while walking around and adjusting the way the lighting is hitting Edward and I. "So, how come you've never invited me to see you dance before?" Edward asks. I just stare at him for a moment. The way the lights are casting off of his hair, and nipple piercings has me, mesmerized. His eyes take on an amused look and I'm snapped out of my stupor. "Um, I never knew you were interested in coming and watching me dance." I say, letting my hair fall over my face as I look down to my nails. I feel his hand brushing the hair from my face and tucking it behind my ear. "I've always been interested in what you look like when you dance." He says in a low, seductive voice. "Why didn't..." I begin to ask, but am cut off when Jasper starts to yell. "Mother-fucking-cock-sucking-bitch!" He yells, furiously typing into his phone. "What's up, Jazz?" Edward asks. "That dumb sorry excuse of a model just sent me a text telling me she isn't coming." "What the fuck! She's under contract, she has to come for the re-shoot." Edward says, getting up and walking over to Jasper. I just stay in my spot on the floor and pull my legs up to my chest, resting my head on my knees, internally prepping myself for a long night of a pissy Jasper. "She said she doesn't care what her contract says, she isn't coming. She's engaged to some socialite now and doesn't need to work anymore." He says, as he begins pacing. "Well, I can make myself available to you to shoot with another model tomorrow." Edward offers up. "I have to have all the re-shoots done tonight or my editor says she is going to use stock images they have the rights to." Jasper says, running his fists through his hair. "Fuuuccckkk!" He yells out. I close my eyes and let