Hi everyone! This was my contribution to Fandome4OK. Since I have written it and submitted it I have decided that it will be a three part story. All three parts will be part of a Fandom charity. As I said, this first part was Fandome4OK. The second part is part of Fandom4Animals, which unfortunatly is already closed for donations, but I will post it when it is cleared. The third and final part will be part of Fandom For Friends. This is such an amazing cause, there is still time to donate. Please go and read the information and please, please, please donate. There are lots of really amazing writers who are contributing stories. Here is the link (of course take out the spaces) friends . fandom cause . info / head over and donate, you won't be sorry. A huge thank you to my amazing amazing beta A Jasper For Me! Girl...there are no words for your awesomeness! You keep me in check and make me want to be a better writer. To the equally amazing DeeBelle One for the beautiful banner. It uploaded badly, but I'm working on fixing it. Head over to her facebook page and blog to view her amazing work. Love you ladies. A big shout out to the amazing group of people who run the fandom causes, your are angels. Thank you for all your hard work. Stephanie Meyer owns all that is Twilight, I'm thankful I can play with her characters. BPOV I'm not afraid, I'm not afraid To take a stand, to take a stand Everybody, everybody Come take my hand, come take my hand We'll walk this route together through the storm Whatever weather, cold or warm Just lettin' you know that you're not alone Holla if you feel like you've been down the same road I nod my head to the beat of Eminem as I pace the hallway, having just finished my warm-up with the final group of skaters to compete. I'm sitting in first place after my short program. I'm taking deep breaths, trying to keep a calmness about myself. I know there are cameras all around me. My iPhone tucked into my jacket pocket as the beat flows up through my ear buds. A sense of calm washes over me as the lyrics hold a personal meaning. I didn't spend weekends with my friends having fun. I didn't go to homecoming or prom. I didn't spend long holiday weekends on vacations with my family. I was locked away in an ice rink. With choreographers and coaches. I was surrounded by press and agents, costume designers and hair and make-up artists, and most of all my competition. I have wanted nothing else than to compete for my country at the Olympics since I was a little girl. Now, here I am, a twenty-year-old woman mentally going over my new routine. Most people would, and actually have, called me stupid for debuting a new routine at the Olympics. It hasn't been tested in the public or to the judges. I've only ever rehearsed it day after day in the privacy of the practice rink. I haven't even allowed the music to play overhead in the public practices here during the Olympics. I have only practiced while the music played in my ear buds. People have told me I should just play it safe, go with the routine my coach and choreographer mapped out for me at the start of the season. People are saying I am throwing away my chance at the gold. To them, I say ' fuck you '! For so long I have followed what everyone else has told me to do. I followed my ' safe ' routine to a 'T' four years ago. I was a sixteen-year-old girl who did anything and everything my coaches told me to do. And what did it get me? I walked away in fourth place. I was devastated. I skipped the one thing that brought me to figure skating in the first place,the grace and beauty of dancing on ice. I let them chock my program full of tricks and jumps to earn the extra technical points. By the end of the routine, I could hardly breathe, let alone take a bow. The last minute of my program was sloppy. I felt as though I was gliding through molasses. It showed in my scores as well as my interpretation of the music. Well, all that got me was a trip to Vancouver and a fourth place finish. From that day on, I vowed I was going to do what I felt I needed to do to get what I wanted. For once, I put myself in charge of my destiny. I decided what music I would compete to. I decided how many extra elements I put into my long program. I choose the costumes I wore. But, the one thing I did differently, I did it with my family and my friends. I fired my coach and hired the sweet and hard working Esme Cullen. She gave me the friendship I craved in a coach, but the hardness an elite athlete needs. With her came the team. Team Cullen I dubbed them. Rose was my hair and make-up, she made me beautiful without looking like I was painted up. Alice was my costume designer. She made me look as though my music was emoting from my soul. Gone was the little girl in the too short ice dresses and the badly made-up face. After 2010, I became the young woman who put her heart and soul out onto the ice. I paced the hallway, rolling my neck back and forth and in circles trying to keep loose. Breathing deeply, putting myself in the moment. Shutting out the past, leaving myself open to only the good things that lay ahead. Eminem's anthem skipped a bit as a text message came in through my phone. I pulled it out of my jacket pocket and smiled as Chord's name showed on the screen. Stop thinking about everything. Go out there and kick ass! ~Chord What makes you think I am over thinking? ~Blade I smile as I type out the nickname Chord gave me. He called me his Blade because I called him my Chord. As much as I had my skates on my feet, he had a guitar attached to his hands. The ice was my dream, and the guitar was his. He was the one thing I kept to myself. My coaches and family knew I had a ' friend ' whom I texted frequently, but they didn't know who he was. No one did. We had an understanding, he followed his dream and I followed mine. We stayed close, we talked daily, multiple times daily, but that was how we kept it. We didn't want the media blowing it up. Making a spectacle of something that was so special. We were two people who on the outside didn't match. His handsome God-like looks encased in the most beautiful tattoos I've ever seen. Full sleeves covered his arms, a full back piece, along with pieces scattered on his chest. His viper bites making his mouth that much more alluring. You forget how well I know you. At this exact moment, you are listening to hip hop because the beat gets your blood flowing. You're going over every mistake you have made in the past leading up to finally finding your voice and telling the douche bags that tried to run your life to fuck off! ~Chord I can't help the smile that comes over my face. Don't ever doubt that I know you inside and out, Love. Just breathe. I wish I was there to see you kick ass out there tonight. ~Chord So do I, Chord. I get it. You're on the road. Your shows are important. ~Blade After this is over, after your long program and my last show ... we're doing it right? We are going to let everyone know ... about us? ~Chord Without a doubt. I want the world to know you own my heart. You're going to watch though, right? ~Blade Yes, I've got a satellite feed so I can watch it live. I'm not missing a moment of you out there. ~Chord I hope you like the program. ~Blade Trust me ... you could go out there and perform YMCA in a garbage bag and I would love it! ~Chord I can't help the loud laugh that escapes me. I look around and see Esme grinning at me. "Ten minutes left. As much as I know Chord calms you, cut it short and get your head into the program." She tells me with a smile. I nod at her as I blow out a breath. Gotta get my head on the ice. As much as I don't want to say goodbye, I have to shut the world out for a little bit. ~Blade I get it. Leave it all out there, Blade. Your sweat, your heart, your soul. Show the world what I already know. ~Chord And what's that? ~Blade That you're golden. I love you, Blade. ~Chord I love you, Chord. ~Blade With those parting words, I slipped my phone back into my jacket pocket and started going through my program. What Chord didn't know was that I was using his song. Well, not his lyrics, but his chords. The instrumental version of a song he wrote for his friend to sing and record. I was his inspiration. He played it for me eight months ago when I snuck away and spent the night in his hotel room. We just so happened to be in the same city. He was performing a concert and I was competing in Skate America. I knocked at his door and his tattooed arm snaked out and pulled me into the room. He had me pressed up against the door immediately, his lips finding mine as we kissed for the first time in months. I heard him click the lock as he held me up with the other arm. My legs wrapping around his waist, holding onto him for dear life. All of my energy drained, left on the ice. " I watched you from the sky box today." He whispered against my lips before continuing to kiss me, making his way down jaw to my neck. My eyes flew open and I attempted to regain my senses, but his lips were too damn persistent. His tongue softly making circles in the sweet spot just under my earlobe. I heard his light chuckle as a moan escaped me. "You were fucking beautiful. Beyond amazing." He whispered in my ear before biting down on my ear lobe. " Good enough to get me to the Olympics?" " Good enough to get you the gold, baby girl!" He whispered in my ear again. "Enough talking. It's been too fucking long since I had you physically with me." Suddenly he was lifting me from the door and his hands were palming my ass as he made his way to the bed. He laid me down and pulled the tie of my robe open. I was wearing a pair of his boxers and a wife beater of his I stole the last time we were able to steal some time alone together. "Fuck me, Blade! You look fucking sinful in my clothes!" He growled out, running his hand down the valley between my pert breasts. " The last time you destroyed my panties and bra ... I figured if you got a little impatient this time you may as well ruin your own clothes ... although, that will mean I will just have to steal some more to wear out of here!" Before I can even think to lift myself up to pull off the wife beater, he took hold of the neck line and ripped it down the middle.