A/N: Yeah, I've lost my Politically Correct Fanfic Censor. Yeah, it's pretty awesome (for me, anyway). As always, I own nothing, I'm screwing canon over, and history is WRONG! Enjoy! Dear Diary, Is that how you start these things? Does it matter? Hmm...let's start with a story... That is, after all, the purpose of this entire journal - to debunk the myths from the truth... To say I was pleased would be a vast overstatement. In fact, it was just a plain-out lie, and not one that I could appreciate. One moment, I had been enjoying myself, soaking up the last few precious hours before the students arrived; the next, I was on my sorry arse in the middle of the Entrance Hall, bruised and battered, several minutes after the students arrived. Of course, it was Godric's fault. If that man had an ounce of common sense left in his head, he would have cleared up the test circle hours ago when we had actually finished testing it, and as I had 'encouraged' him to do (I can be very persuasive when I stop trying to not kill people). Another fun fact I have discovered about myself so far! I seem to be sprouting new personality traits as I go, today. Perhaps I have lost my touch? I seem to have lost all sense of everything else... But I digress. I'm speaking in more riddles today than Ro ever has in her entire life. To start from the beginning... I'll just start from where I remember: My robes swished around me in a comforting manner as I headed towards the brilliant wrought iron gates. To see them glinting so in the sun, I could not help but to smile. Today was heralding the beginning of yet another successful year; I could just feel it! In a few short hours, the halls of Hogwarts castle would be swarming with the soft rustling of worn robes, and the tapping of great canes. And the younglings! Oh, to be able to impart knowledge upon eager minds! The castle was already humming with excited energy about the new arrivals, and my grin broadened. My old girl was enjoying herself, and I knew it to make her happy, for it made me so. As the main architect of the colossal school, it was my duty to know all her ticks inside out; to meld with her if necessary, to feel her joy and sorrows. However, today my duty lay outside of the relative utopia my comrades and I had managed to create. For the third time in a row, we had been forced to add another year level above the others, as our Founding students had grown beyond the others in wisdom, yet still had a ways to go in finesse. The first to admit I was loathe to see them leave us - not for entirely unsentimental reasons - it had fallen upon me to retrieve the extra school materials the higher grade would be needing. It was a task I had become well-accustomed to - many of our students came from poor, or muggle families, and were in need of assistance regarding the acquisition of standard school supplies. Poor dears , a voice cooed in my mind, bringing sweet Helga to mind. It was not that I pitied them, but that I feared for them; what their lives would have become had one of us four decided not to venture beyond the known those six years ago. I had witnessed first hand the effects of muggle ignorance towards our kind, and whilst I did not condemn them for it, I highly recommended all my students to stay away from such places unless absolutely necessary. No doubt, had no one else stood up to allow commoners free tutoring, such children would be forced into a life of subjugation towards a wretched lord, or else face the horrifying death of a heretic. I frowned. Such terrible deeds...but that was a thought for another time. Today was a time of joy, and while I was loathe to admit it, I did quite enjoy perusing the stands and stores of dingy Diagon Alley. For all that it the air smelt of dragon dung and tasted of ash, there were some truly reputable vendors to back the community up. Ollivander's for instance, sold magnificent wands (and at a fair price) to eager young magicians who still needed the help of an artifact, but would not yet notice the unnecessary drain it had on one's magic. I finally reached the tall outer-gates, in all their blinding glory. They boldly swung open for me, silent but for a slight creak towards my left. Perhaps I should inspect that later , I thought, only half distracted by the noise. Although the castle was cloaked by an impenetrable wind of fire, water, and mad air, rendering its borders not only impassible, but invisible, the surrounding area was known to be unsafe. From time to time, there had been reports of everything from robbery to murder near the outskirts of the School's forests. I had the creatures' word that it was not they, but that only served in heightening my anxiety. If it wasn't some dark sidhe having their time, it had to be humans. I shuddered. I really was not fond of muggles. Schooling my features to an indifferent mask not one bit suited to such frivolous Summer-time weather, my feet picked up a brisk pace as I headed towards the local wizarding community of Hogsmeade, likewise shrouded by a drab mist that clouded the muggles' eyes. Heart pounding, I suddenly found it imperative to learn the art of apparition in the near future. To Hel with my longstanding terror of being ripped to shreds by my own fickle mind; I'd take that over being ripped to shreds by anything else. Not that I would ever tell Godric any of that. I may have grown up with the man, but a fool to his ways I was not. He would undoubtedly find it terribly entertaining that the Salazar Slytherin, heir to all that the name encompassed, and respected mage within the younger wizarding community was afraid of making a wrong turn mid-apparition. He already thought my dislike of muggles was hilarity defined. I need not encourage the lout further. With these thoughts in mind, I reached the entrance to Hogsmeade, relaxing immensely as my feet touched the soft grass on the other side of the wards. None of this would be visible to the bustling townsfolk around me, should they even notice my presence. One of the first lessons father had instilled in me was to never perform any overt shows of affection towards anyone who wasn't currently held within my deepest trust. I hadn't realised what that had truly meant until I had grown somewhat - that there were some who still contested my hold over the family fortune, with my womanhood, and my 'undesirable' mother. I could never be sure of who it was, exactly, that held such a grudge against me, only that it wasn't any of the Peverell's - my cousins were, respectively, too kindly, too dense, and too abrasively distrustful to wish me any real harm - or any of my maternal family, who were for the most part so detached from the happenings of mortals that they could go years without acknowledging a day as having passed. That left me in a vulnerable position, and confined to my masks. How I longed to one day shed those skins, regardless of their purpose. I sighed quietly, reminding myself once again that this day was to be grand. Now focusing only on my duty, I headed to the Staff and Orbs Inn, which although crudely named, held access to the public floo network within, free for the use of patrons. I was not in the mind to buy anything even mildly intoxicating, but Stephan let me through regardless. His son was one of the Thirds at the School, and was most public about 'repaying his debt' to us four. Even when I insisted there was no need, I could understand his heart. Qualified wizards were like to earn more than any barkeep, no matter their inventiveness or love for the art of brewing. Passing said wizard at the bar, I tilted my head in acknowledgement. My gesture was rewarded with a hearty wave, before I reached the large ornate fireplace. The sooty relic was grande, and oddly clear of traffic this afternoon. Families traveling to Hogwarts had direct access to the entryway fireplace on days such as today. There was no time for drinking. I reached to the powder jar resting on the header, slightly too far above for me to comfortably reach. Once my hand contacted with the unhelpful jar, I greedily pinched green crystals between my fingertips. Every time I managed to keep the jar from upturning its contents over the floor, I counted it as a victory. Not wanting to tempt fate, I threw the powder into the hearth, instantly rewarded with sparking green flames. I leaped into the ignited fire, stating, "Diagon Alley!" In an instant, the breath was whipped from me. I was suspended in emptiness, suffocating without having time to realise it. Then the gritty cobblestone came up to meet me, and my lungs filled with the perfume of the sweaty Alley. I almost choked, only able to stop myself with the knowledge that it was better than apparition. Flooing was unpleasant, certainly, but it wasn't blinking in and out of existence. The worst that could happen with a floo was hitting your head on the underside of a moldy fireplace (which I discreetly made sure to do on my way into the main street); with apparition, you could simply stop, and never be heard of again. Once on the street, I brought out my list of supplies. Apparently, we would be needing several copies of Hark: A Spell is Coming! by Morgana le Fay, two new racing brooms (specified as Cobolt Skies in Godric's dark handwriting), a single silver stirrer, three pewter cauldrons, and a copious amount of wolfsbane that made me slightly queasy to look at. I mentally added dragonhide gloves to that list. Since adding Care of Magical Creatures to the curriculum, several students had received far too many burns and cuts for comfort. I hadn't been able to do much but warn them to be prepared so far, but even then some persisted in their goading of the salamanders. Silly little fools... A jovial voice ripped me from my perusing. "Miss Slytherin! Good day." the voice boomed. I looked up from my list, a smile playing at my lips. "Sir Ravenclaw," I curtsied. Roweena's father merely waved me off. "No need for formalities, lass! If it weren't for ye and that fire-haired lout, my daughter would still be wasting her talents playing for the nobility ," he stated, matter-of-fact. The way he sniffed when he said 'nobility' made my smile broaden into a smirk. If it was hard to dislike Harold Ravenclaw, it was considerably harder to dislike him when he was jesting at the expense of the wealthy. "Watch your mouth, commoner," I remarked with a grin, "I might have to slice out your tongue." Harold's mouth flew open, his arms shielding his face in mock horror. "Such a vicious lady! Wherever do ye get it from? Certainly not from such proud and noble veins as that of Syltherin?!" I slump over in supposed agony, "Although I loathe to speak of it dear sir, 'tis my unruly mother's blood which taints these splendid veins! Oh, woe becomes me!" My act sends Harold into a hysterical laugh, bent double, slapping his thighs. I chuckle. Rowena's father is one of the few who hold my favour, if not for his accepting nature, then certainly for his brutal honesty. I smile at him. "So what brings you to Diagon Alley,