AN: This was written for The Magnificently Angry Beaver for the Spring Fling Fic Exchange on A03. A special thanks to Court81981 for your help and beta work. The "frustrated romantic" quote is from Fringe. The title comes from the poem "i carry your heart with me" by e.e. cummings. Reviews are appreciated. Enjoy! "Katniss, please just wait to do this when I can come home. I don't want you packing Mom's things by yourself," Prim says sadly. I can hear the tears in her voice through the phone. It's been over a month since we buried our mother, and she's still having a hard time keeping her emotions under control. "I can handle it. You need to stay in school, Prim. The house has to be empty for the new buyers by the end of the week. All the big things have been moved out or sold. Now it's just her more personal things that need to be boxed and stored." "Those are the worst things," she pauses, sniffling back more tears and clearing her throat. It's a good thing she's not here. I'm not sure I could handle my little sister's tears today. "At least call someone. What about Peeta? You've said you're getting closer now that you've been working together. Why don't you call him?" "I can't do that, Prim, it's too much to ask of someone I work with." "Katniss, he's more than just someone you work with and you know it. You've known him almost your entire life, and it's Peeta, I'm sure he'd be happy to help. You shouldn't be alone right now. Stop being so stubborn." "Prim, it's fine. There's not a lot left," I say, exasperated. Looking around the near-empty rooms of the house I grew up in leaves me feeling cold and sad. Part of me likes the idea of having someone else here just to get this done faster. But, there's a bigger part of me that just feels like it would be a huge imposition. This is my mother's life. What's left isn't just furniture and dishes. It's clothes and knick knacks. Her favorite books and collectables. Everything that was my mother. The things that meant something to her. I don't want Peeta Mellark here for nothing more than there's a very good chance I might cry and I do not want anyone, especially someone I see everyday, to see me cry. On the other hand, like Prim said, it's Peeta. Sweet, kind, gorgeous Peeta. The boy I spent most of my adolescent years covertly staring at in just about every class in school. The man who held my hand and kissed the side of my face after my mother's funeral. But I can't call him. Prim can call it stubbornness if she wants to; I just call it not wanting to bother him. It's Saturday night, I'm sure he's probably got a date anyway. Before we get off the phone, Prim makes me promise to call her the minute I feel like it's too much. I do, but I think we both know I won't. I'm two boxes into packing up what's left of my mother's things when the doorbell echoes over the bare walls of the house. I almost laugh when I see Peeta's blond mop of hair through the door's peephole. I should have known Prim would call him the minute we got off the phone. "Peeta, what a surprise," I say, the sarcasm dripping from my tongue as I swing the door open. "Prim called," he says sheepishly shrugging his shoulders. "She said you might need some help tonight." I take one of the brown paper grocery bags from his arms and show him in. "Are you hungry? I brought provisions." He sets the bag of groceries on the kitchen counter and opens the fridge to put some beer and soda away. As I watch him move around my mother's kitchen I question not wanting him here. His presence seems to have edged out some of the loneliness I didn't realize I was feeling and, though I hate to admit it, I'm grateful to Prim for not listening to me. "I could eat," I say as my stomach growls in response. I hadn't really thought about food all day, too consumed with finishing my tasks, than eating. But now that he mentions it, I'm suddenly famished. "You didn't have to do this." "I know I didn't have to do it," he says, walking to stand in front of me, tilting my chin up and wiping, what I can only assume are tear tracks from my cheeks with his thumb. "I wanted to. You shouldn't do something like this alone." He pauses, his eyes searching my face. "But, I'll go if you want me to." I swear Peeta Mellark could get me to agree to anything just by focusing those blue eyes on me. He has an uncanny way of looking at you that seems like he's reaching inside and pulling out all your secrets, willing you to do whatever he wants and suddenly the thought of him going leaves me feeling empty. "No, stay. I don't have much left to do. Just her personal things." "I stopped by the bakery on the way here, got some of your favorites." "How do you know…," I begin, incredulous that he knows me well enough to know my favorite foods, but trail off as he unwraps several cheese buns and places them on a paper plate in front of me, the smell alone making my mouth water in anticipation. I take one from the plate and immediately stuff half of it in my mouth, moaning as the rich flavor explodes over my taste buds and the gooey cheese middle melts on my tongue. My eyes fall closed as I chew slowly, savoring what is, without a doubt, my favorite food. When I open them, I find Peeta smirking at me. "Did you enjoy that?" he asks with a chuckle, reaching over to me and wiping a string of cheese from my chin with the pad of his thumb. "How did you know these are my favorite?" I must be beet-red; I can feel the flush on my cheeks. "I know a lot of things about you, Katniss. I brought them specifically so I could see that face you make when you eat them." Now I'm extremely embarrassed, and I duck my head wishing my hair wasn't tied in a braid so it would hide my face. I take a giant gulp of beer, hoping it will cool the burning of my face. "Well, you know what they say, the way to a girl's heart..." "That's what I'm hoping," he says with a wink. My eyes shoot up to his. Is he flirting with me? I brush that off, though, because it's not an exaggeration to say Peeta Mellark can have any woman he wants in this quiet little town. Not that I've seen him date particularly much, but I do know what the women of this town say about him, and the thought of him wanting me is absurd. "What is the secret to these?" I say, holding what's left of my cheese bun out in front of me, examining it as if the defining ingredient will reveal itself to me. "There has to be a secret, I've never had anything that tasted like this before. It's like a delicacy." "Oh, there is a secret, but it's a family secret. I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you…or marry you." I tap my fingers on my chin and scrunch my lips together as if considering it. "Hmm, that's all it'd take, huh? It might be worth it," I say, popping the last little bit into my mouth. I can't keep the smile from creeping onto my lips when his eyes widen and he clears his throat, shifting awkwardly on his feet. "Try this, you can't live on cheese buns alone," he says, scooping the oversized steak and cheese sandwich from the plate between us and holding it out to me. It must be an automatic response, because I can't keep my eyes from rolling back in my head out of pure pleasure once my teeth sink into the mountain of a sandwich. "Jesus, Katniss, I think I need to feed you more often." "Tell me you made this and I'll marry you tomorrow," I quip, only half joking. His mouth opens and closes a few times as if grasping for words and his eyes flash with a look I can't quite discern. As we polish off the last bits of food from the plates, I'm suddenly aware of how comfortable I am with him, and I wonder when exactly that happened. It wasn't always this way with us. Prim was right, I have known him for most of my life, but we never were particularly good friends until recently when we started working at the recreation center together. And I'm glad he's here now. The house seems less empty with him here, almost like a heavy weight has been lifted. He gathers the plates and empty bottles from the counter and takes them to the trash bag in the kitchen while I make my way back over to the wall of books that are waiting to be boxed. I kneel in front of them, suddenly feeling extremely tired. "These were her favorite possessions," I confide when I feel him come up behind me. He lays a gentle hand on my shoulder, noticing my shift in mood and takes a spot beside me. "She always used to tell me, 'if you ever get lonely, Katniss, there's a whole world of friends waiting for you inside the pages of a book.' " I chuckle at the memory and lean into him when his hand slides from my shoulder to my waist in a soft embrace. "As you can see, she collected books like some people collect coins." I shake off the melancholy and begin boxing books again, thinking about what I am going to do with them all. I hate to give them away or even donate them to a library. They were just such an intrinsic part of who she was, it almost seems like a betrayal. Peeta's words shake me out of my reverie. "This one is lighter than the others," he says, holding a copy of Wuthering Heights. His eyebrows pinch together in thought as he runs his hand over the worn, leather binding. It's the shock in his voice, though, that has me unceremoniously dropping the books I'm holding into a box and scooting closer to him. I can't hold in the gasp that leaves me when he opens the cover to reveal a stack of neatly folded letters, bound by a light blue ribbon stacked inside the hollowed pages. The book was a favorite of hers. These letters must have meant a great deal to her if she willingly cut up a treasured book. My first thought is that they are letters from my father. Excitement fills me as I take the bunch from its resting place and untie the ribbon, my hands shaking so much in anticipation to hold a piece of my father in my hands after so long that I nearly tear the first letter in the stack. But I know immediately from the elegant handwriting that lines the well-worn paper, that they are not from my father As I begin to read the words, so expertly crafted on the page, my breath hitches and my eyes begin to water. Dearest Abigail…I can think of no other but you…my heart bleeds to love you…arms ache to hold you…my head tells me this is wrong, but my heart weeps for you… "Peeta," I gasp, laying my hand over his and drawing out the syllables of his name. "What is this?" He takes the letter from me and begins to read.