Deeper Obsessions Chapter 1 Grey eyes curiously glanced up at a seething figure that was storming away, her wild yet tamed curls bouncing around as she tried to shake the sputtering, nervous red head off. "I didn't mean to 'Mione! I swear!" He tried to explain as he reached for her arm. Hermione practically glared daggers into the ginger's head, pulling her arm away from Ron's grasp. A familiar blonde slytherin leaned against the wall with interest, ignoring his fellow housemates' hollers as they looked at the unfolding scene in front of them. Pansy snickered at the situation," Pathetic really. Even I say that Granger deserves better than that oaf. That weasel has the intelligence of a troll." Students stopped to stare at the famous gryffindors. Harry Potter stood there with a worried expression as Ron tried to explain himself. He shared a worried glance with Neville, who also stood a fair distance from the fighting friends, but close enough to interfere if it was needed. But it was fair to say that everyone else stood a distance from the seething Gryffindor princess as well, because she was absolutely enraged and downright intimidating. Theo whistled," Have to say though, that little bookworm looks real feisty right now." Draco resisted the urge to throw him a cold look and steered his attention back to the bickering 'couple'. Hermione stood well reserved, but with a dangerous fire in her eyes. "And pray tell, Ronald," She calmly said," What did you mean with 'I accidentally slept with Lavender because Hermione is a prude." Hazel eyes narrowed at him, "For one, you don't 'accidentally 'sleep with someone." She rolled her eyes," And furthermore," she took a deep breath while taking an angry step in front of him," I am NOT yours and I am NO prude." Hermione walked away without waiting for a reply. "No, Mione wait!" Ron called desperately to no avail at the angry retreating figure and made a move to follow her. Harry reached for Ron's arm and pulled him back from following her. Harry shook his head," Let her cool off, Ron. You did mess up any chances that you had with her though." Ron calmed himself. "You're right. But she'll come back and come to her senses." Harry and Neville stood out in their Auror robes between all the whispering students. Especially when harry clenched his jaw and rearranged his glasses on his nose. "Yeah Ron, maybe." Harry and Neville glanced at the attracted audience. "We'll leave you to it, Ron." Harry said," We still need to go to McGonagall. Next time you want to boast about your escapades and plans though, see to it that Hermione isn't near." Ron scoffed. "She'll come around Harry. She will." Harry nodded and greeted Ron with a wave. He then left for the Headmaster's office with Neville on his trail, their auror robes distinguishing that they were not longer students. But Draco's attention was elsewhere. Momentarily enticed by the way that Hermione's hips swayed in her angry walk as she disappeared around the corner while other students left the hall in whispers. Draco couldn't help but smirk. He was remembering a certain interesting turn of events that had taken place a few months before. It was about a month after they had restarted their seventh year. All surviving students were obligated to continue their schooling. All except the golden Trio, of course, and Neville Longbottom. The Heroes of the wizarding world. ' What a damn failure if the wizarding world had been saved by a bunch of 7 th years that hadn't even finished school.' Draco thought dryly. Apparently even the most skilled dark wizards in the world hadn't been able to fight against a set of adolescents. ' Pathetic'. His family had been pardoned. Granger and Potter had pleaded at his trial, stating that he had helped them in not identifying their faces when they were brought to his mansion. Draco smirked at the thought. "He was forced to take the mark!" Granger had shouted at the end of his trial to the audience who booed at his pardon. It was deliciously interesting how Granger assumed she could always see the good in people. Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom had gotten the permission and the honor to have an early start for Auror Training, which they gladly and eagerly accepted. Hermione Granger of course, HAD to come back to school to finish her studies. Of course, she is the intelligent one after all. Ronald Weasley, well, he just probably followed Hermione in a sad attempt to catch her affections. It was a rather sad attempt indeed, because Draco knew that Hermione had a keen liking for Death eaters, not Heroes. So Draco's head was temporarily filled with the memory of Hermione Granger, the Gryffindor head girl, who had blown his mind (among other enjoyable things) by being a green lingerie clad vixen he never knew existed within that controlled bookworm. That intelligent witch came into his room unannounced in her cloak. She was nervous and yet had a certain determination in her eyes that had piqued his interest. It was safe to say that he had no idea that she was going to offer him something that would haunt his dreams every time he closed his eyes. It was all a haze, but he remembered asking her if she was completely barmy for coming into his private prefect's chambers at that hour, barking at her to get the fuck out, while his cool demeanor looked at her with interest but also confusion. Especially when she had uttered the words," I need this." ' Need what? ' He had thought to himself. But then his confusion turned into complete astonishment as he remembered her dropping that damn cloak, dressed in nothing more than dark green lacy undergarments. Green. Fucking Green. He had successfully kept his mouth from hanging agape and looking like a complete fool. But as that cloak pooled up at her feet, his control vanished entirely and he took in her beautiful, gorgeous figure and figured out that she had come for one thing. Him . His eyes immediately turned dark and she turned more confident. He had taken a step towards her and uttered emotionlessly," I'm a Death eater." She had stared him dead in the eyes, "Former." She had corrected him as she eyed his Dark mark while he drew closer. Draco had narrowed his eyes, trying to control his raging urge to give into lust, "You don't know what you're asking". Hermione narrowed her eyes and took two steps before they stood so close that their labored breaths mingled. Her scent enveloped him. Fucking hell. "That doesn't matter. What matters is that I need you to make me forget my name and make me remember yours." That was all the information he needed before giving in and crashing his lips onto hers, backing her up and pinning her to the wall, her thighs wrapped tightly around his waist and his hands gripping everything they could come in contact with on her delectable body. He had never known that any witch had the power to arouse him this much and he enjoyed it thoroughly. Draco remembered her moans and whimpers, how he had her in nearly every corner of his chambers and her screaming his given name in pleasured ecstasy whenever she climaxed. He remembered them both letting go of all the emotions that the war had caused, making them both reach an amazing high that they never knew they needed or never knew was possible. He remembered everything. He also remembered that she had accidentally had stayed the night after their exhausting tryst, but had left before he had woken up. A mutual silent agreement was to pretend like it never happened. He shook his head at the memory and mentally cursed at his growing arousal. Unconsciously, he slowly made his way to the head dorms and left Pansy and Theo gaping at his sudden retreat. Blaise sent him a knowing look and shook his head. "Where are you going, Malfoy?" " Yeah Draco," Pansy purred his way," I thought we were going to hang out?" Draco waved her off," Go find someone else to ease your lust with. I have things to do." Pansy pouted and then rolled her eyes," No worry, I will." And her expression turned thoughtful," Maybe Harry Potter could help me a bit." Theo barked out a laugh and their conversation turned less audible as Draco left them. As Draco walked around the corner, no idea why he was suddenly following the angry brunette, he couldn't help but let his thoughts drift back to that night. Oh no, Hermione was no prude, Draco thought amused. At least, not when she doesn't want to be. The problem was that he wanted her and he would make her his. Fucking hell. The NERVE ! Hermione angrily stalked up the stairs that lead to the head dorm, entirely pissed off at the situation. " How dare he!", She yelled angrily at the portraits, who cowered at the volume of her voice." End up with him? With HIM?!" She punched the wall next to her, wincing immediately at the pain that came soon after. She cradled her hand, studying the knuckles that were starting to bleed by the impact. The pain subsided because of her anger and she continued," Prude? I can't believe that wanker! That little arrogant son of a bi-"she was cut off. " Ehm, pass-password?" The knight in the portrait asked meekly. Hermione glared at him coldly, making him cower more under her stare. "Granger, you know the knight didn't do anything. Be nice." Hermione stopped and felt the goosebumps creep over her skin. She didn't show it though, and turned to glare at the owner of the voice. "I don't like anyone at this moment," she bit," Please leave." Draco coolly looked her over, making her feel a bit uneasy. His gaze always made her feel odd things. She kept her stance, even though her mind was suddenly flooded by memories of his body moving into hers in the most pleasurable ways. She shook those feelings away. Draco raised his eyebrow, "Well that isn't very kind to say." He finally said. "What do you want." Hermione asked with a chipped tone. And yet she couldn't deny that she a tad bit curious as to why he seemed to have followed her. "Just wondering about that pathetic scene that just unfolded," Draco shrugged, "Trouble in paradise?" He mocked in a cold voice. Hermione rolled her eyes, "Not that it's any of your damn business, Malfoy, but you know what?" She laughed, with a dark glint in her eyes that made him raise an eyebrow even more, "I'll humor you." She leaned on the wall and crossed her arms "It seems that Ronald just always thought we would end up together. But even so, he just went on and slept with some other slag until 'I was ready'." Draco kept himself from rolling his eyes," And that bothers you? You aren't even together from what I gather." "Oh, that's not all." She laughed dryly," He talked to Harry and Neville about how 'he is learning and enjoying so much with that slag Lavender for now, because he doesn't think sex with me will be all that interesting and because I'm a prude." She shrugged, "Even though, I quote, 'making boring love is much better than all that kinky hot sex'." "Well that's depressing." Draco replied coolly. " I concur." Hermione sighed while pinching the bridge of her nose. "I swear, I will never talk to him again. We are not even together! He is a disgusting pig, changed by being one of the Golden Trio. He is probably dropping out soon so he can become a 'famous' quidditch player." She seethed," Not to mention that he would think that my intelligence would match his?