DISCLAIMER: I do not own anything you recognize, all I own is my OCs. "Pixie!" Pixie turned her head, just barely being able to hear her friend Jada over the loud thumping music. She squinted, trying to look for her purple haired friend through the pulsating, different colored lights. Mentally, Pixie was cursing herself for allowing her friends to take her here, but they had insisted on it since it was her twenty-first birthday. Although, she could think of thousands of other things she would rather do than be surrounded by headache inducing music, epilepsy triggering lights, and scantily clad, hot , sweaty bodies crammed into a small space. However, Pixie always had a hard time saying no to people. So, when Jada finally arrived to Pixie, cheeks flushed and eyes lighting up with glee, Pixie put on a smile that hopefully didn't portray the discomfort she felt at being in such a claustrophobic setting. "Have you seen Gemma?" Jada asked, slightly breathless from all the dancing she had done so far tonight. "No, not recently. Last I saw, she was dancing with some guy." Pixie responded, brushing her pale hair out of her face. Jada's hazel eyes lit up with excitement, and her dark red lips turned up into a grin. "Man, I seriously hope she hooks up with him. I'll finally be able to get back at her for last time." Pixie rolled her eyes, remembering the incident Jada was talking about. Jada and Gemma were both a few years older than her, so they were used to the club scene, and about a month ago, Jada had hooked up with some guy she met while clubbing, and she was so in love with him, but she hardly remembered what he looked like. He turned out to be a nerdy sixteen year old who had gotten in with a fake, and while he was a generally nice guy, Jada had to nicely let him down. Of course, Gemma had teased her about it to no end, simply because she could. "Believe me, he's nothing like your experience." Pixie snorted, crossing her arms over her chest. "Not to be a downer, but when can we leave? I still have packing to do." Jada raised a perfectly done brow, and adjusted the short, low-cut white dress that made her dark skin pop nicely. "We've only been here for two hours, Pixie." Jada said, a whining edge to her voice. "Isn't that long enough?" Pixie sighed, wincing from the headache she had. "This isn't exactly my scene." "Hey, I wanted to go to the one down on fourth street, but Gemma insisted on here." Jada placed her hands on her hips. "Can't you stick it out for a bit longer?" "I really need to do some more packing though." Pixie bit her lip, feeling a bit guilty. She knew Jada, along with Gemma, didn't want her to move to a different state. That was partly why she had agreed to come out with them tonight, so they could be the ones she had her first club experience with. Considering she was moving in only five days, they had barely any time left together. "How about we leave here, but you don't go home just yet." Jada said after a moment, tying her dark purple hair up in a bun. "And we find Gemma, and go get a tattoo together so you don't forget about us when you move to New York." "As if I could ever forget you guys." Pixie averted her eyes, pretending she didn't notice the sheen in Jada's eyes that showed her tears. Pixie didn't want any crying tonight, that could be saved for when she was truly gone. "Sure, sure kid. Whatever you say." Jada joked, and then shook her head a bit, as if to clear her thoughts. "So, want to go get a tattoo?" "Yeah, if I can find any space left." Pixie replied, half kidding. Jada snorted, then turned to look for Gemma. Pixie already had gotten quite a few tattoos, though she planned on getting far more. At some point, she planned on getting a full sleeve, but for now she settled for the few she had scattered on her left arm, the one on her side, the one behind her right ear, the one on her collarbone and the rather large one on right her thigh. So of course when Jada asked about getting a tattoo, one that all three of them would have, she agreed with it instantly. Pixie held out her arm, and Jada linked hers through it. They made their way towards the dance floor, not bothering to try calling Gemma since she always kept her iPhone on silent, just like Pixie. Pixie and Jada would just have to hope they would be able to find her the old fashioned way. Pixie had never felt more uncomfortable in her life, with sweaty bodies being pushed into her; knocking into her arms, stepping on her feet, singing and laughing in her face, simply because they were either drunk or having too much fun to care. The music got louder and the lights brighter, and more intense, leaving Pixie frantically searching through the crowd for a glimpse of Gemma. Occasionally, someone would stumble into Jada or Pixie, and start hitting on them, their breath reeking of alcohol as they slurred their words and got too close for comfort, and they would try to hurriedly move past them, normally successful. If the person refused to leave, Pixie would use her silver ridiculous heels, (which she swore up and down in her head she would never wear again), and stomp on their feet, causing them to move out of their way. Finally, Pixie spotted Gemma sitting on a couch with the guy she had been dancing with, flipping her short, impossibly natural red hair back as she laughed loudly at whatever was said. Pixie pointed her out to Jada, and with a smirk on Jada's face, they walked over to them with determination in their step. "Oh Gemma!" Jada sang, practically shouting so she would be heard over the music. Gemma glanced over, her deep ocean blue eyes looking panicked when she saw the look on Jada's face. She looked at Pixie for help, but all Pixie did was give her a sympathetic smile and hoped for the best. "Hey guys." Gemma replied far less enthusiastically than Jada, slowly getting off the guy's lap she was sitting on, hesitantly walking towards them. "Gemma, no need to get up, you guys looked so adorable!" Jada squealed in fake excitement. Pixie felt her pale face flush in secondhand embarrassment for Gemma. "No Jada, it's fine." Gemma started walking towards them more quickly, obviously hoping that would shut Jada up. "What's your name, by the way?" Jada walked over to the stranger, her voice sounding overly-interested. "Would you like to see some pictures I've got of Gemma, her mom's real nice and will give you just about anything you ask of her, so I've got some lovely pictures of her I'm sure you'd love to see-" "I'll text you later, Keaton." Gemma shouted, grabbing Jada's arm and pulling her away before she could say anything else. The guy, Keaton apparently, looked utterly confused and slightly amused. Pixie shot him a sympathetic smile, and then hurried to catch up with her friends who were of course bickering with each other. Pixie simply followed them, far too happy to be leaving the crowded club to say anything to them. Of course, once they were out, Pixie stopped them. She went in between them, throwing her arms over each of their shoulders. "Guys, in case you've forgotten, it is my birthday, and it would be highly appreciated if you would both quit your bitching." Gemma opened her mouth to speak, but Pixie quickly cut in. "Anyways, what should we get for our tattoos." "As long as we don't get something basic, I'm good." Jada offered, letting her hair out of the bun it had been in and tossing it over one shoulder. "Same." Gemma said, the squabble with Jada already forgotten. Their friendship was always like that, they would fight over something and the next minute, all would be forgotten and forgiven. "Okay." Pixie pondered in silence for a few minutes, and then her face broke out into a grin. "Let's get Harry Potter tattoos!" Jada groaned, while Gemma thought for a moment, and then nodded in approval. "That'd be cool." Gemma said, smiling at Pixie. "Dude, I know you're obsessed, but really? A tattoo?" Jada raised an eyebrow. "I like Harry Potter and all, but do we need to get a tattoo for it?" "It's my birthday, and I think we should get matching Harry Potter tattoos. That's something that brought us closer, remember?" Pixie asked, remembering how their shared love of the series had brought them together to become what they use to jokingly call "modern day marauders." "What would we even get?" Jada asked, still not completely willing to get one. "We could get marauder tattoos!" Pixie said after a moment of hesitation, the idea coming to her at random. "Like, 'I solemnly swear I'm up to no good'?" Gemma questioned, cocking her head to one side. "No, like we'd each get a paw print that represents the marauders." Pixie explained, already imagining where she was going to put the tattoo. "Like, a wolf print for Remus, a dog print for Sirius, a deer track for James, and nothing for Peter because he was a piece of shit marauder." "I love it! Let's do it!" Gemma exclaimed, warming up to the idea and getting excited by it. "Not to be a bitch, but that's kinda lame, like, isn't the point of getting a Harry Potter tattoo so that people will know it's a Harry Potter tattoo?" Jada asked. Pixie bit her bottom lip, seeing what Jada meant. "Yeah, I guess you're right. We could always get like, the Deathly Hallows sign." After a bit of debating, the girls decided on getting the outline of Harry's scar tattooed on their wrists, and they headed off towards a tattoo parlor that was nearby, getting the directions off of Pixie's iPhone. Their conversational chatter of course inevitably ended up at them talking about Pixie's move that was happening in just four short days. It was a conversation Pixie would have preferred them to stay away from, in all reality. But of course, that's where the conversation ended up. "So, have you got your apartment and everything settled for New York?" Gemma asked, as though they hadn't already been through this very question at least a thousand times. "Yup." Pixie replied, suddenly acting far too interested in the directions the map was showing her. "About half a mile until we get there." "Are you sure you want to move to New York?" Jada burst out, as though she couldn't contain herself from asking that question for even a minute longer. Pixie eventually that question would come up, but it definitely didn't make it any easier to answer. She knew that New York was where she wanted to go, and she knew that that was what her dream had always been. Ever since she had learned of all the different states, she knew that New York was where she wanted to go, so she could pursue her dream of being a special effects makeup artist there, and finally begin the rest of her life. She knew that New York was where she wanted to build her life, even if her best friends, sisters practically, weren't going to be there. It hurt, it definitely did, knowing that they wouldn't all be in the same town, or even state, any longer. But New York was Pixies dream. "Pixie?" Gemma broke the tense silence that had erupted after Jada's question, glancing between a stone-faced Jada and a conflicted looking Pixie. "Yes, I'm sure." Pixie