The cold air bites at my cheeks. Why was Gale so mad? Why couldn't he see what was slapping me hard in the face? Nobody was safe anymore. Not the rich, not the poor. Unless we ran, we wouldn't last another month, tops. Why did Gale want to fight, couldn't he see what was so inevitable? Fighting would bring death, and death wouldn't help anyone. The conversation still bounced around inside my skull. I couldn't believe his nerve. "Gale... if I asked you to run off into the woods, away from the District, would you do it?" He had replied slowly . "Depends. Why do you ask?" "Because President Snow wants to kill us. He thinks that when I held out those berries in the Games, I enticed rebellion, and now the Districts are rebelling. Peeta and I tried to stop it but... we failed." Gale was silent for a long time. "That's a lot to take in." I'd nodded. "I know. But people are dying. We need to leave, take to the woods and never return. It isn't safe here." Gale hadn't answered . "Well... will you come?" I eventually broke in. Gale's face was hard. He seemed mad, glaring at me. "No." "No? NO? Gale, what is wrong with you? If we don't leave, we'll die!" I'd screamed. Why couldn't he see what was as clear as day? "Because, Katniss, this could be our chance. We could end all of the starvation, the poor conditions, the Hunger Games- we could be free." "And that's worth dying for? What's freedom if you can't experience it?" "I really can't believe it's YOU who's saying this, Katniss. I would have thought that you of all people would have wanted to end the Games for good!" "I do, Gale! But I don't want-" "You don't want what? For everything to get better? Kids not dropping dead of starvation everyday? Us not being endlessly slaughtered in The Hunger Games?" "I don't want everything I love and know to be wiped out! Freedom is not worth these prices, Gale! All we'll do is get shot down into flames! Then where will our freedom be?" "Maybe, Katniss, sometimes you should think of people other than yourself. I know that you never want to have kids, but what about the others? Who do want kids? Who can't run away? We need to fight for them!" In his anger, Gale threw down the dead wild turkey that he must have been attempting to kill twice over by strangling it in his fist. "It's not about them, Gale!" "It's all about them, Katniss. You can be so selfish sometimes." I was silent. His words stung. But the worst part was, they were true. I was selfish. I was a selfish prat, who only cared about herself. But that didn't mean that I was wrong. "What about Prim? Rue?" He'd kept pressing me. Just hearing him speak of Rue had set me to my limits. Quick as lightning, I'd raised my hand and slapped him in the face. Hard. "Don't. You. Ever. Speak of. The Games. Or Rue. Again. You don't even know what it's really like, to have your life on the line out there. It's not so simple, Gale." I had turned and walked form the conversation right then. It had ended right there. I heard Gale calling me back, but I'd ignored him. He wanted to die like a trapped mouse, fine. It was his choice. I have reached my street. I think about going to talk to Peeta about my plan, but what use would it be? I wasn't about romance or love; at this point I didn't understand my mixed feelings for Peeta and Gale. It didn't matter anyway. But all those years in the woods- hunting and trying to stay alive- it had to mean something. As mad as I was at Gale, I couldn't just grab Peeta and run off. Not after everything we'd been through together. I wasn't gonna sever ties. I wasn't- couldn't, really- leave Gale to die in the Districts. Or could I? I lie in bed, thinking. I have been awake for hours, it's probably past midnight. But I can't fall asleep, wouldn't want to, with my nightmares. And I need to plan. Because I still plan on leaving the district, whether or not Gale would come with me. He will come, he will. He'll see sense. I don't know why I keep telling myself this. I'm having an internal battle, both wanting Gale to come, to be safe, and also am fine with the idea of him getting himself killed in a foolish rebellion, if that's what he chooses. Neither side seems to be winning the war. Eventually, though, the answer is obvious to me. Prim. I had to protect her, no matter what the cost. Prim, my sister, was the only person on this Earth who I felt truly cared for me, and who I truly cared for. Sure, I would do almost anything for Peeta and Gale and even Haymitch. I would fall into despair if any one of them died. But lately Gale had been... mixed, his emotions sunny one moment and then stormy the next. Peeta, ever since I confessed that I never truly loved him, hasn't been the same. And Haymitch... he's always drunk. Prim isn't like that, at all. Now that I've made my decision, reality is rushing up to greet me. I had to prepare, I had to get ready. Tomorrow I'd talk to Peeta. He'd see what Gale was blind to, he'd come with me. After all, he did know what it was like to have your life in constant danger, unlike Gale, who had never experienced the Games. He'd understand what I was saying, since he already half knew about Snow and the rebellion. Then I'd work on my mother and Prim. I was 99% positive that they would go, they would understand. Haymitch... was I really going to ask him? There was no way I was taking liquor on the run, and even if I did so, we'd run out eventually. And you couldn't hunt liquor. It was better to leave Haymitch here, in the district, as much as it pained me to do it. The only one left was Gale. Was I gonna give him another chance, after yesterday? He clearly didn't get it, so I wasn't attempting to re-explain it to him. He came or he didn't. As I drifted off into sleep, I find myself thinking that if Gale didn't agree, I would have to do something. I couldn't just leave him to die. The next day is snowy and cold. I wake up relatively early, and I decide not to waste any time on putting my plan into action. I bundled up and headed out to Peeta's. Peeta answers my knock and invites me inside, looking as though he just staggered out of bed. He pours me some tea and I wrap my frozen hands around the cup. I take a sip and it warms my throat, making me feel safer than it really is around here. "So what is it?" Peeta asks. "How do you know something's up?" "It's 7:00 in the morning, and you look as though you haven't slept a wink. Obviously something's bothering you." It was nice, how he could read me so easily. "I didn't sleep much. I was too busy thinking, and every time I fell asleep, the nightmares woke me again. Peeta brushes my hair back gently. This gesture makes me smile, and I continue. Wasting no time, I get right to the point. "Snow wasn't convinced. There are rebellions going on in districts across Panem. It isn't safe here, we need to leave." "Leave?" Peeta questions. "Take to the woods. Never return." Peeta is silent, thinking, like Gale was. After what seems to me like eternity, He finally answers. "Okay. I'll go. But who else is coming? When do we leave? Do you... Do you have a plan, Katniss?" Thrilled that he agreed, I answer his questions, one by one. "There's me, you, my mother and Prim," I say. Prim and my mother have not yet agreed, but I'm sure that they will. "And maybe Gale." I finish quietly. "Maybe?" "I asked him yesterday Peeta, and he refused. He said he wanted to stay and fight." "Oh. So... you're just gonna leave him here?" "I'll give him another chance to agree. But if it comes down to it, yes. I will." This seems to shock Peeta speechless. Is it because he thought that I loved Gale more than him? That I'd always planned on marrying him, on having a life with him? Was he shocked that I was now throwing away that chance by ditching the rebellion? He must be. "Well... I'll be by your side always. I-I-." Then he leans in, and kisses me. Shocked and unprepared I kiss him back. I feel something in this kiss that I can't identify. But Peeta's lips feel as though they're be hooked up to an electric circuit. I feel a pleasant shock run through my body, his lips tasting of cinnamon. And then the kiss ends, leaving me wanting more. "I love you Katniss." I tell Peeta about the fragile plan that I concocted overnight. I'm planning to leave tomorrow, just after dinner. I told him to pack a bag with clothing, blankets and some food, and whatever else he thought essential. Then I said goodbye, and told him to meet me at my house tomorrow at the designated time. I walk home in a daze. Peeta said that he loved me. Peeta said that he loved me. I wasn't sure how I felt about him. It was impossible to think these things through when you were preoccupied with simply trying to stay alive. He or Gale just kept springing something on me and I was supposed to deal with it. It was so complicated, especially with the Games and Peeta wanting to come with me and Gale refusing. And the kisses. Gale. Every time I think of him a cold washes over my heart, mixed with a sense of longing. I had to finally admit to myself that I wanted nothing more than for Gale to run off with me. After all, it had originally been his idea, even though he may not have been wholly serious. I knew that bringing Peeta along would invite many problems if he agreed, but hopefully they would realize that they had bigger problems than fighting over me. But lets face it, all I cared about was keeping them alive and safe, not getting married or anything. Gale would not be safe here. Somewhere in the back of my mind, something told me that Gale knew how dangerous a rebellion would be, but he wanted to stay anyway. Why? Why did he care so much about freedom he might not ever get to experience if he partook in the uprisings? When I arrive back at my house, I decide that's it's time to talk to my mother and Prim. I tell my Mother that I needed to have a talk with them, and she agrees, looking at me queerly. "What is it, Katniss?" Prim inquires. I take a deep breath. "We're leaving the District. Tomorrow night." "Why?" My mother asked. I try to signal to her that I didn't want to speak of it with Prim in the room, but I realized that Prim had to know this stuff is she was gonna cooperate. "It all started in the first Games." I begin. I explain about the berries, and Snow's visit and the Victory Tour and the uprisings, and how we now had to leave. My mother agrees solemnly, and tells Prim to go pack a small knapsack. Once she leaves the room, my mother whispers. "Katniss... are sure this is necessary? We really have to leave the District?"