Okay, so it's time for a Jasico sequel! I honestly have no idea what I want to happen. Well, I can't say that. I do know what I want to happen. But not everything. Obviously, we're going to need to be in about four places at once to keep up with everyone. Yes, Will and Jake get their own part now. It only seems fair. … Frat houses were about as sucky as they sounded. At least, that was what Jason thought. It always reeked of booze, there was always about a thousand people filtering in and out of his house, and he could never get any work done in fear that someone would destroy it. Jason never partook in the drinking of it all, but he felt hung over all the same. Classes were long and miserable, and Jason didn't even get to see Percy and Annabeth all that often. They were busy with their own school, and getting their new apartment fixed up. Percy's mom was helping pay rent on it while her son was in college. Jason thought Percy was lucky. But above all, the blonde missed Nico. There wasn't a day that went by when Jason didn't think of Nico. And every time he thought of his little dark-haired bookworm, he'd get all misty-eyed. He couldn't call him. Oh, Nico never said he couldn't. It was just the blonde could never find the time. He needed sleep after all. And schoolwork kept him up well into the morning hours as it was. He just couldn't squeeze in the time. Another part of it was he was always fending off frat boys. Jason was part of Elite, a gay frat for City College. While it was nice to be surrounded by other gays that were accepting of him, it wasn't so nice when they were drunk all the time. And they were. Victor and Nathaniel were a particular pain in the ass. They were brothers from somewhere in Michigan, trying to make something of themselves in New York. Frankly, Jason thought they could go fuck themselves. Every chance they got, they would double up, corner the blonde, and try and take advantage of him. "Yes mom," the blonde said over the boom of the stereo. No doubt Victor, Nathaniel, Bradley, Samuel, Drake, and Miles at work. Yes, seven frat boys lived in the Elite house. It was sometimes a tight squeeze, but they made it work. But Jason loathed the parties. Granted, having Drake, the most mild mannered of the six remaining boys, was a plus. Drake was a blonde with blue frosted tips. He enjoyed color. And he often wasn't down until four in the morning like the other boys. He came up around midnight, said a quick goodnight to the blonde, and collapsed into his bed. He was kind of cute, Jason guessed, in the way most frat boys were. "Jason Lee Grace, are you even paying attention to me?" his mother demanded. Jason shook his head and grinned sheepishly at his cell, despite the fact she wouldn't be able to see it. "Yeah mom," he replied. "Sorry. I let my mind wander back to Drake again." Over the course of the last few days, the frosty blue blonde had popped into the blonde's mind a lot. At random intervals. "I can't be falling again mom," Jason continued. "After all, my heart belongs to Nico." "Love works in mysterious ways Jay," she replied after awhile. "You say that, but is it true?" Jason opened his mouth to say yes, it was very true, but no words came out. Why couldn't he say it? Of course it was true! His heart would always belong to Nico. Jason turned when the door opened and Drake entered, running his fingers over his frosted tips. Jason's heart gave a little flutter upon seeing the college sophomore. "Hey Jace," Drake said, sitting down on his bed. "Victor and Nathaniel plan to keep this party going all weekend." Jason groaned. "I have a philosophy paper due on Monday that's only a fourth of the way finished," he complained to the other blonde boy. "How am I supposed to finish it when it feels like there's an earthquake going on? Gotta go mom. Love you." Jason hung up, feeling a splash of color on his cheeks. Yeah, that was cool. Saying he loved his mom in front of Drake. But the older boy was smiling. "It's good you talk to her," he said. "I still make sure to call mine about once a week. Don't tell the other boys. They'd strangle me if they found out. But mom worries, you know?" Drake stretched out on his bed, lacing his fingers behind his head. Jason couldn't help but stare at his lithe figure. Then he flushed and promptly looked away. "Say Jace, what you up to tomorrow? I didn't have any plans, but if you want…" "Are you asking me out on a date?" the blonde interrupted, his blue eyes widening considerably. Drake turned his hazel eyes on the blonde, studying him. "Sure, if that's what you want," the blue tipped blonde said, shrugging his trim shoulders. "I was just going to ask if you wanted to hang, but if you want it to be a date…" "No!" Jason blurted before he could stop himself. Then he clamped his hand over his mouth. He wished so bad he hadn't said anything. One of Drake's eyebrows shot up as he glanced at the blonde sitting at the desk. Jason let his head fall onto his books. "I mean," he amended. "No thank you. Just hanging would be cool." But he could still feel the hazel gaze on him. "What?" he asked without looking at the blue tipped blonde. "Something is off about you Grace," he said. "You've been here three months, yet you date no one, not even Miles. Come on dude, he's smoking hot and you know it." Jason shrugged. He so wasn't interesting in having this conversation. "So what's the story? Got a little boyfriend waiting for you?" "Something like that," the blonde mumbled. "My boyfriend is technically going to Harvard. And I guess we technically broke up. But I still love him. I don't want to date anyone here." Drake listened quietly while Jason talked, nodding from time to time. "I don't know. No one else seems as good as Nico." "Nico?" Drake asked. "Now that's a name. That's a name that would have Victor and Nathaniel drooling puddles on the floor." Jason rolled his eyes. "Puh-lease," he said. "Don't get me started on those two. I swear, I can't go anywhere in this house without one of them, if not both of them, trying to grope me. Can you raped by a hand? Because I feel like it." He chuckled a little, and Drake smiled. The blonde's heart skipped a beat when he saw the smile. It made him melt a little. Then he shook his head. Stop it , he scolded himself. Nico. Remember Nico . "Hey Drake, you do well in Algebra II?" Drake grunted, heaved himself off his bed, and peered over the blonde's shoulder. Jason could feel his breath on his neck, and it sent shivers down his spine. "This is child's play," Drake said with a snort. "Factoring polynomials is the easiest thing you could do. Why don't you take a break from the damn homework anyway? I'll help you tomorrow. Let's go do something fun." He grabbed the blonde's hand before he could complain, and Jason found himself being dragged out of the house. Victor and Nathaniel watched him pass, licking their lips hungrily. Jason shuddered. Those two gave him the creeps. Miles was grinding against Bradley, and the short freshman looked like he could faint. Jason didn't blame him. If there was one person you wanted doing that to you, it was Miles. He had a sweep of strawberry blonde hair that he spiked up in front so you could see his eyes. They were green with little flecks of blue in them. He had perfect features and was around six feet tall. Translation: smoking hot, as Drake pointed out. Though the blonde had to admit, Drake looked better than Miles. Maybe it was simply the fact that he saw Drake more than he saw Miles. "Where are you two headed?" Miles asked, floating over to them. "Can Brad and I come too? I don't know about him, but I'm sick of being here. Vic and Nate sure can party, but they party a little too much." "Sure you guys can," Drake said for the blonde before he could even think of a response. "Come here Bradley dear," Drake said, crooking his finger at the short boy. He wandered over and Miles slung an arm over his shoulders, almost like he was claiming him as his own. "Let's go bowling. Starstruck Lanes isn't far from here. I bet we'd have a blast." The three remaining boys nodded. Jason thought about how much fun it would be as Drake dragged him to the white minivan. There was a little trident with a rainbow over it painted along the side, the symbol of Elite. "Say Jason, you're awfully quiet," Bradley said as they all climbed in. "What gives? I think this is the first time I've talked to you since meeting you." "Our little Jace is in love," Drake cooed as he slid in behind the wheel. Miles was in the passenger seat. That left the two freshmen to the back. Jason buckled himself in and felt his cheeks reddening. "Jason's got himself a little boyfriend at Harvard." "Harvard?" Bradley asked in awe, turning to the blonde. "How'd you manage that? No offense, but you don't appear all that smart." Miles reached back and squeezed Bradley's knee until he looked at him. "No Bradley, that isn't nice," he said, using the same tone Jason's mom used with him when he was being rude. "Jason's plenty smart. Smarter than us anyway. He doesn't drink himself into a stupor every weekend." He turned to look meaningfully at the blonde. "That's something. I'm surprised Vic and Nate haven't lured you in yet." Jason glanced briefly at Drake. "I guess they haven't made the right impression," he said. Drake smiled into the rearview mirror, and Jason pointedly looked away. … "And another strike for Bradley," Miles said with a shake of his head. "How do you do it Brad?" he asked the small freshman as he sat down. Jason was just as curious, he just didn't want to be the one to ask the question. Bradley shrugged and sat down beside Miles, who wrapped one arm around the smaller boy. The blonde swore that they weren't dating last he checked. "Just talent, I guess," Bradley replied nonchalantly, but Jason noticed he was flushed with pleasure as he turned to look at his five strikes on the scoreboard. Drake was up. He hefted up his blue house ball, sighted, stepped forward three steps, and released. The technique was flawless, in Jason's eyes. He wasn't usually one for bowling, but he was glad he came along. Watching Drake was a plus indeed. Drake shrugged when he got all but one pin. He walked back to get his other ball, a green one. He swung this one. Spare! He smiled and took the seat next to Jason. Without actually meaning to (the blonde was pretty sure), he loped an arm over the back of Jason's chair and gently touched the blonde's shoulder with his fingertips. The skin he was touching tingled. Jason hadn't felt this way since his graduation party. Wait, since Nico's departure. Yeah, Nico's departure. Jason pulled away and sat down in the other chair next to Miles. Was it just the blonde's imagination, or did Drake's face drop? "You up little Jay," Miles said, propelling the blonde forward. Jason took up his orange ball that only weighed about eight