Lots of warnings before this story: it does contain depressing thoughts, slight self-harm, and suicide. Read at your own risk. This is an example of something I've seen, not my own life (thank god). And please, if any of you feel this way, this isn't worth it. There are other ways. Don't give up. … Jason's POV … I woke up and punched the snooze button on my alarm clock. But I wasn't tired. Far from it. I folded my hands over my chest and stared at my blank ceiling, silent and emotionless, like I did every morning. As soon as my alarm went off, I was up for the day. When my alarm went off again, I turned it off and stood. I went about the mundane task of picking out something to wear. I selected sweatpants and a loose t-shirt, desperately trying to hide my bony frame. I hadn't been this skinny in…well, ever. I studied myself in my mirror on the wall. My cheeks were hollow, and there were dark bags under my eyes, easily recognizable since my skin was deathly pale. I'd come a long way down from the tan surfer-looking guy I'd been. I peeked out into the hall, trying in vain to hear my family. Nothing. They weren't up yet. Good. I snuck down the hall, gathered my things, grabbed an apple for breakfast, and left. I walked to school, moodily munching on the apple. I finished half, which was good for me, before I threw it away in the garbage can outside of school. I sat down on the steps, dropping my backpack down on the step in front of me. I took out my notebook, my only solace, and began to write. Not long after, my best friend, Percy Jackson, dropped wordlessly beside me. He nudged me with his elbow. "What's up Jay?" he asked softly. I didn't look up from my notebook. He watched me for a moment. "Are you okay?" he asked. "Yeah," I replied softly. I finally looked up at him. "Why wouldn't I be?" He studied me for a long time. Then he reached into his bag. He got out something and began smearing cream on my face, most likely to disguise the bags under my eyes. I let him. He did it every day. When he was done, he got some blush out of his bag. He dusted my cheeks with it. "Thanks," I said, looking back down at my notebook. He must've been picking up on my routine, because he was here a lot earlier than he normally was. "No problem," he responded. He lightly touched my arm. "Jay, you'd tell me if you weren't okay, right? You'd let me know you were struggling?" I sighed. He asked me that every single day. "I just don't want you to hurt yourself Jay," he said, wrapping an arm around my shoulders. "I worry about you." "I'll let you know," I said, still not looking up at him. I didn't want to meet his gaze. "Mom gave me new medication, you know," I said. "My depression's a little better." I guess I should explain myself a little more. For the last few years, I've suffered from depression and mood swings, side effects of the intense bullying I went through. It's gotten steadily worse, and doctors refused to diagnose me until they were 100% sure that was the case. Last year, they officially diagnosed me with depression and immediately set up therapy sessions, as well as getting me medication. I was waiting for the official report that I also had bipolar disorder. I was sure I was. "You promise?" Percy asked. "I don't want anything to happen to you Jay. You're still young." I looked up at him, and immediately wished I hadn't. He was so concerned. I dropped my gaze. I heard murmurs, and I jerked to attention. Clarisse, Chris, and their gang were walking by, on their way into the school. On her way by, Clarisse stomped on my hand, hard, since it was just laying limply by my side. I drew my hand up to my chest, cradling the injured fingers. "Freak," she muttered just loud enough for me to hear. "I don't understand why they keep him around. It's not like he contributes." I glanced down at the cement steps, feeling hot tears tracing trails down my cheeks. "Or has any purpose," Chris sneered. "He's totally worthless. He should just kill himself." "Hey!" Percy shouted, rising angrily. Percy was one of the most popular kids in school, so it was a surprise that he was my best friend. "Don't talk like Jason like that. He isn't worthless, and he definitely shouldn't kill himself." But Clarisse and Chris just laughed. "God Jay, don't listen to them," Percy said, sitting down beside me again. "You aren't worthless, okay? You mean a lot to a lot of people." "Kay," I replied, but I didn't believe him. Not one bit. My sister hated me. My mom was tired of me. My dad hadn't even bothered to stick around until I was born. He up and left when mom was eight months pregnant with me. Even my teachers had given up on me. They didn't ask for school work, they didn't call on me for answers or to read out loud, they didn't even bother making sure I showed up. I'd skipped entire days without one complaint. The only person who remotely cared about me was Percy. And I had a feeling he was reaching his limit. I closed my notebook and rose. Percy fell in step beside me as I made my way to my locker. I glanced at him. He'd been a good friend indeed. I shook my head sadly. I wasn't happy about the way my day (and night) were going to go. In fact, I would be sad for Percy, if I felt much emotion at this time. But I'd become so numb over the years. Occasionally, the words and names stung and cut like knives. I glanced around. Everyone pointed at me and whispered, no doubt talking about the silent weirdo. I didn't talk at school; what was the point? There wasn't a point. No one liked me anyway. I'd been the oddball since grade school, and I'd always remain that way. "I've gotta get going," Percy said to me, gripping my upper arm. He dug his fingernails in until I looked at him. "I'll catch you later, okay?" I nodded mutely, all the while thinking that, no, he really wouldn't. But bless him for trying. For the first time in what felt like years, I felt the urge to smile. And I allowed myself that simple pleasure. I let the corners of my mouth turn up a little, but my almost-smile disappeared as soon as it had come. What was the point of smiling when everything would just make me frown again? I suppressed the urge to sigh, because I did that a lot anyway. I shouldered my school bag, hugging my notebook to my chest. In my bleak existence, it had been my only silver lining. I guess Percy could've as well, but I depended on my notebook more than I did on my best friend. Which was probably sad, if I were able to feel like that. I made my way to my first class, ignoring the stares from my classmates. I sat in my seat, which was towards the middle. It was a math class, but fuck if I paid attention. My teacher didn't bother calling me out on my inattentiveness either. She just let me write to my heart's content. I usually wrote poems or short songs, or really short stories. Some hit me in the back of the head with a small book, but I didn't react. I couldn't react. I wished I could will myself to feel something, anything, towards what they were doing to me. I knew it wasn't write. But I also didn't have the energy to stop it. "Little freak," someone behind me whispered. Probably Clarisse or one of her cronies. "Why bother showing up to school every day little freak? No one would even miss you. You should just kill yourself." I sank a little lower in my seat. They couldn't see I'd tried that. I tapped my wrists against the table, where my scars were just visible under my shirt. Couldn't they tell I knew no one would miss me? Didn't they know? … When I got home, no one else was there. Good. Thalia wouldn't care anyway. She still hated me. I often thought mom didn't know I existed. Also good. I set my bag on the kitchen table. My stomach growled. Well, I suppose a little snack wouldn't hurt me. I rooted through the fridge, which was mostly empty. I sighed. I looked through our cupboards, but they were mostly empty as well. I did notice, however, a package of Oreo cookies. Well, I hated chocolate, but, they'd do. I grabbed a handful, taking them to my room. My notebook was tucked under my arm, ready to be used. The front cover was starting to fall off, but there was no way I'd ask anyone for a binder for it. I'd suffer. I sat cross-legged on my bed, pulling my laptop to myself. I logged into Twitter, another one of those stupid sites that I didn't get, but for some reason had. I had exactly zero followers, but I followed a lot of famous people, like bands and YouTubers. I didn't see anything interesting, so I switched to Facebook. But Facebook didn't yield any results either, expect for a few random messages. I closed my laptop. I didn't really want to use it anyway. I rarely used my laptop for anything, unless it was homework or occasionally chatting with Percy on Skype. I nibbled on one of my cookies. It tasted gross, but I knew I had to eat something if I didn't want to waste away. "Good, you're here." I jerked up. Percy sat down on my bed, with this other kid in tow. Nico di Angelo. He was one of those kids that didn't bully me, but he didn't talk to me. But he was one of Percy's closest friends. "I was really worried when I didn't see you after school. We planned to walk home together, remember?" "Oh, was that today?" I asked, blinking. I had trouble keeping track of promises I'd made. "Sorry Percy. I'll try really hard to remember next time." Percy placed a hand on my arm, and I flinched. I didn't really like physical contact, even if it was Percy. "It's alright Jay," he said. "I don't expect you to remember things." Speaking of remembering things, I'd forgotten I had a text message I hadn't seen yet. I fished my phone out of my pocket. "Hey freak," I read aloud, my heart sinking slightly. "What good do you do to the school? You do jack shit. Why bother? This world would be better off without you." Percy took my phone from me, stuffing it in his pocket. "Percy, my phone…" I tried weakly. "You're not getting this back," Percy said, running his fingers over my wrists. "You're not letting them drive you to this again. Are you sure you're okay Jason? You seem a little off." "I'm fine," I insisted. "I'd let you know if I wasn't. Look." I held up an Oreo. "I'm even eating. Don't worry about me, alright? You and Nico look like you're going somewhere. Where is that?" "We were just going to go grab some dinner," Nico replied. "Do you wanna come?" I shook my head, trying my best for a smile. I think my muscles forgot how to make a smile though, because Nico gave me an odd look. Percy, however, beamed at me. He knew what I was trying to do. "If no one is home later,