Authors Note: This will probably be my longest chapter, the others should be much shorter. Promise. Chapter 1 – Hobbies and Interests Renesmee's POV My childhood seemed to rush by so fast. I just didn't seem to have enough time in the day to fit in everything I wanted to do. I seemed to have a new hobby every few months. Not that I ever actually gave up any of my interests, they just took second place to my new fascination. And I had many other interests but some were more notable than others. My first notable hobby was when I was around 8 months old... Geography " Renesmee, sweetheart come in here please." She didn't have to say it loudly, I could have heard her upstairs without trouble. " Yes mother?" As I entered the front room I found my mother and father sitting on the couch with a space between them for me, next to my mother was a small stack of books. " Nessie dear," my father paused glancing at my mother to ensure he was not in trouble for using my nickname. Sensing he was not he continued, "Your mother and I are going to teach you to read." He calmly explained. I could not contain my excitement as I bolted to the couch and jumped up taking the space between them. I had been so excited to learn to read, to understand how different symbols could contain a phrase, or even tell a story. " Alright, calm down Renesmee," he chided me to no success. It did not take long to explain all the different letters and characters. Due to my amazing memory I did not need to be told more than once to understand what they were trying to say, nor did they ever have to tell me what a word meant twice. And we quickly moved onto the small books to my mothers left. What I could not understand however was my parents inability to notice the true meaning of the story, to read between the lines and see the strong metaphorical meanings. " Nessie, honey..." My mother paused before continuing, obviously struggling through her surprise and lack of understanding. "Snow White was not a vampire." " But don't you see mother?" I interrupted before she could continue. "Can't you see that the "kiss" that brought her back from the brink of death was obviously a vampire bite, and he clearly states her as having inhumane beauty, along with skin as white as snow. Not to mention that her lips as red as blood , is an obviously metaphor for drinking blood. My parents both looked at each other open-mouthed, trying to decide who was to say what to argue the point. However seeming to realise that all the evidence clearly reinforces my point, they both sighed before my father removed the book and my mother replaced it with another. " Awww, that was so sweet how Belle fell in love with the werewolf." As the last word left my mouth the irritation quickly made itself clear on my parents faces as a groan resonated from my mothers throat. " How did you come to that conclusion Renesmee?" My father asked, resting his face in his hand. After clearly explaining that Beauty and The Beast was about a werewolf and a human woman my father tried briefly to discourage my idea before giving up when mother replaced the book with another. My mother and father looked at me expectantly as I closed the book, waiting to hear my opinion. My father looked a little more concerned as due to his mind reading ability he could guess what I thought of the book before I had even decided what it meant. " You know," I began, "books really shouldn't encourage the idea of consuming unknown medications to young children." I stated plainly. " WHERE DOES IT EVER SAY ANYTHING ABOUT DRUGS?" Mum loudly asked as my father just sighed. " Oh all over the place, first of all there were all the food products which would give her all these different reactions, it was more obvious with the mushrooms however. And with the smoking caterpillar they weren't even trying to hide it, but the entire of wonderland was effectively one big acid trip." I explained calmly. " THAT WAS HORRIBLE! I HATE IT! WHY WOULD YOU GIVE ME SUCH AN AWFUL STORY?!" I demanded throwing the book across the room and wiping at the tears running down my face. My parents tried for a few minutes to calm me down, telling me it was alright and everything would be okay and mainly just saying my name over and over in a soothing voice. " What was wrong, Nessie dear? What upset you?" My father's soothing voice asked. " Why did the wolf have to die?" I demanded through tears. Dad cleared his throat before mother answered for him, "The wolf was the bad guy sweety..." she began before I cut her off. " NO HE WASN'T! That horrid , mean little girl was just so awful to him." I explained between sobs "All the wolf wanted to do was eat biscuits and make friends, but that horrid , mean little girl treated him like a monster, and he couldn't take it any more. With everyone being so awful to him his whole life, he just snapped and attacked her grandmother." I paused taking a deep breath before continuing. "If she had just been nice to him, they could have been friends. But NO! She had to be so mean to him, when all he wanted to do was eat biscuits and make friends." I huddled deeper into my father's arms as my mother rubbed soothing circles on my back with her palm. " But Renesmee," My mother began again, "The wolf was just an animal." She attempted to explain. " NO! He can talk. If he can talk, he can think, if he can think he has a mind, if he has a mind he deserves to be treated equally, not like some monster. My best friend Jacob is a wolf, he can talk, he eats biscuits, how is he any different from the poor wolf who got his head cut off by that awful woodcutter?" Mum looked at me a few moments, before walking towards the kitchen stating simply "I am going to make some biscuits." My mood changed instantly, I liked biscuits. "OOH! BISCUITS YAY!" Dad looked at me for a moment in thought before reaching for the next book. " That doesn't make any sense." I mumbled around a mouthful of biscuits. "If the shoe fits, then why did it fall off?" I queried. " Ask your mother," Dad instructed chuckling, "she has a few ideas about high heels, and running in them." " Okay..." I excused. "But I still don't understand, how did she turn the mice into horses? I mean the whole pumpkin carriage thing could be possible if it was already enormous and she hollowed it out, but the mice?" " It doesn't need an explanation Renesmee, it's just a story." He explained looking at me curiously. "You do know that these are just stories, don't you?" He asked raising an eyebrow. And then it all made sense. "They aren't real?" " No." Dad said simply as if it were obvious. " Then why am I reading them? What is the point if they aren't even REAL? Why can't I read something that is actually true instead of all these confusing lies?" My father looked at me in silence for a moment before collecting all the books and walking away without a word, leaving me on my own on the couch, awaiting his return. " It's open." Dad called out interrupting my reading. I looked up to see the door open and Jacob stick his head inside. "You know you could wait for me to knock before you say that." He sounded almost slightly annoyed which disappeared with a smile when he looked at me. "Hey Nes," he closed that door and began walking towards the couch. " JACOB!" I exclaimed in excitement standing up on the couch as my father prevented the book and plate of biscuits from falling. "Mum made biscuits." " Well that's a big book, what have you been up to?" He asked as he plonked down on the couch next to me. " Dad's teaching me to read, mum was too but she left." I explained as my father coughed out the word "fled" thinking I wouldn't notice. I ignored him. He looked at me, and then to the book before raising an eyebrow and repeating, "Like I said, that's a big book? What are you reading?" " GEOGRAPHY!" I told him proudly as dad placed the book back on my lap. Confusion and amusement spread across his face as he asked "wouldn't you be happier with a kids book?" " Oh BELIEVE me we tried." You could just FEEL the exasperation in my father's voice. "But apparently, Snow White is a vampire, The Beast from beauty and the beast is a werewolf, Alice in wonderland is a drug trip, and don't even get me STARTED on Little Red Riding Hood." He sighed as he finished his speech. " What's wrong with Little Red Riding Ho-" He was cut off by the biscuit dad stuffed in his mouth for some reason. " WELL..." I began ignoring the whimper from my father. And that's how I developed my fascination with Geography. It was so interesting to realise just how enormous the world was, dad even bought me a globe. But after a while I knew pretty much everything my father's books and the internet could provide, and I was in need of a new form of entertainment. So when I was around 10 months old Dad taught me to play the piano. And when I had sufficiently learnt to play all the songs I could find the sheet music for, Aunt Alice taught me to paint. I grew rather intrigued with painting wolves for a while. I liked focusing on the detail of the fur. Luckily I had a model. I was just finishing up a painting of Jacob when Aunt Alice came outside. I was in the front yard standing on a stool in order to reach the easel. In front of me laying underneath a tree was a large rustic coloured wolf which looked, for all intensive purposes, like he was taking a nap. " Hey there little one, what are you doing?" she asked as if it weren't obvious. I turned my back on the painting to respond with "I am just finishing up. AND JACOB YOU BETTER NOT HAVE MOVED!" I warned without looking back. Aunt Alice snickered at what was clearly going on behind me before saying her goodbyes and heading back inside to allow me to complete my painting. Returning to my model I noticed immediately what my aunt had found amusing. "YOU MOVED!" I Accused, before sighing, the anger of my model becoming useless worn off I added "You may as well go get dressed, I'll finish it from memory." As I was attempting to recreate the image in my mind Jacob returned fully clothed, (My parents had words with him about dressing properly if he were going to visit so often,) with an apologetic look on his face. He thought for a moment before finally speaking with, "Can I just ask? I thought I was in the same place, how did you know I had moved?" " Your fur, it was out-of-place, around your neck mainly." I explained without looking up. He was beside me now. "You compared it with the painting pretty fast, that's really impressive." Jacob commenting still feeling bad that he had upset me. " I didn't compare it Jake, I have the best memory in the entire world." My voice was emotionless