Thanks to Doranwen for spelling and grammar edit. Any canon or other remaining errors are my own. I had deep and complex feelings about Effie, through the whole series. I sat on the draft for this for almost a year, before deciding to post it. I'd appreciate any feedback, especially critical, on characterisation. Effie Trinket showed up in District Twelve as early as she could, which wasn't very at all. She'd pushed it too far, too hard, too fast, the first few weeks after District Thirteen had seized the Capitol and President Snow. She hadn't really had a choice. Haymitch, she'd heard, had hit the bottle the second that hints of victory were echoing over communications channels. The District Thirteen people seemed like upstanding and moral folk, but upstanding and moral folk have a way of getting their friends arrested and killed. Also, well, District Twelve had only ever had four Victors, and Effie had only Escorted two of them. These two. Her two. So she'd taken the doctor's advice of bed rest and rehydration and filed it in her head alongside 'must check to see if my apartment still exists some day' and 'I wonder if the banks will honour my account details now that the world has ended?' Put it all aside and did what she had to. She had taken a shower, dressed in the best clothes she could find, borrowed some makeup, and sent a runner to retrieve anything she still owned in the way of dresses and wigs and shoes as she strode down the hallway. The people taking care of Katniss and Peeta were taken by surprise; she probably looked shocking and horrific with her gaunt face and sunken eyes, the bruises on her skin. They didn't stand a chance, and Effie was able to assert herself as their acting guardian. After that, she had just worked, and then, when they were all safe and bundled back home to hide and sleep and cry and have nightmares and kill rabbits so that they could be baked into pies, she had presented herself to the doctors again. They'd given her an earful, then put her on a drip and started tutting over blood tests. But sleep, food, water, and she was mostly on the mend. She'd been imprisoned, but she hadn't been tortured that much, not compared to the others. It took her a little longer to earn her ultimate freedom, which depended on securing her bank accounts and catching up with all the paperwork a revolution generates, on top of getting medical and psychological approval to travel. It took her six months nearly to the day to follow Katniss, Peeta, and Haymitch to District Twelve. Not many people moved back, but enough had that the place was busy with construction and movement. Effie felt conspicuous as she walked through the small crowds. She'd dressed to fit in, all greens and browns, no wigs, and she still stood out like a sore thumb. Maybe it was something to do with her gait. People from the Districts all seemed to have a very heavy and tired way of walking; then again, maybe that was just her experience of them. Tributes had a lot of reasons to drag their feet when they came to the Capitol. She still knew the way to the Victor's Village, and Katniss and Haymitch's houses stood out amongst the uninhabited and dilapidated buildings. So the Hunger Games were over, but some things were not changing quite yet, it seemed. Effie could see warm lights and hear friendly, familiar voices in Katniss's house. She walked past them and right up the steps to Haymitch Abernathy's place. 'Hello?' she called out, settling her bag on the doorstep. 'Haymitch Abernathy, are you at home?' He didn't answer. There were no lights on inside, but Effie had known Haymitch long enough to know that didn't mean much in the grand scheme of things. She collapsed the trundling handle back into her suitcase and parked it what she felt was a safe distance from the front door. It was one of her own ones, recovered from her old place, and even with the scars from everything it had been through, the bright blue plastic stood out unnaturally in District Twelve. Blue, Effie remembered from school, was one of the least natural colours out there. It was a warning colour, a risk in terms of basic human survival and food. 'If you are naked, I promise I shall scream. It will make your head hurt, and you'll regret it.' She called out the warning so that she could tell him later that she'd made the effort, knowing he wouldn't hear her. She knocked, to be polite, shouldered her bag again and stepped inside. It was foetid, reeking. Offensive to any sensible human. Effie picked her way through the rooms. Plates and bottles and paper waste on the floor. Things in puddles that she did not want to think about. She found Haymitch asleep in a nest of blankets on the floor beside an empty, lacquered pine television cabinet. 'Is it even worth trying to wake you?' she asked. Haymitch drooled on himself a bit. Effie made a face and poked him with the toe of her shoe. He shifted a little, mumbled in his sleep. She poked him again, and again. This method had worked when they had worked together in the Capitol, but who knew how much further he'd been able to pickle himself since then? The man had no self control. 'Wha?' 'I suppose that's the best I'll be getting out of you. Well, come on. Up. I'm not going to give you a hand.' He squinted at her. 'Who're you?' Effie sighed and rolled her eyes. 'Who do you think, Haymitch? How much damage are you doing to yourself, drinking like that? I hope you appreciate the work I had to do, to get you approved to leave the Capitol without drying out.' 'Huh?' Haymitch shoved himself up on his elbows, blinked to clear his eyes, really looked at her. She looked right back at him, with her hands on her hips. Waiting. 'Um, nope. Who are you?' Effie bit off another sigh and shook her head. 'Brain damage, I'm sure of it. I'll have to get a medical team out here for you, and you know how hard it is to schedule that.' 'Thing is,' Haymitch said, 'you're speaking an awful lot like that bitch of an Escort I used to have.' 'That,' Effie said tightly, 'is because I am your Escort, Haymitch.' She bit the inside of her mouth. She'd been told, when she first took the job. People from the Districts will never see you as an ally. They'll always hate you. She knew that. But things had changed. She'd gone to prison for him. She'd kept her mouth shut, she'd thrown herself into protecting them all. She deserved better than the epithet of bitch . She couldn't leave yet, though. Had to keep going. She ignored the sounds of Haymitch struggling to his feet and clearing his throat. Walked straight into the kitchen, where she started cleaning a mug and inspecting the kettle. Hopefully there was something that passed for caffeine in the cupboards somewhere. Looking for and finding a box of powdered hot chocolate sachets kept her occupied enough while Haymitch struggled around in the other room, and then banged up the stairs and started running a shower. At least he had the sense to give her some space. When he came back down, he looked lucid, if not fully awake. When he looked at her, his eyes focussed more steadily. She held out the mug in her hands. 'Here. I'd ask you to try to keep a civil tongue in your mouth, but we both know better than that, don't we?' He scowled at her and sipped his drink. Did not say thank-you. 'Well, serves you right for barging in here like that.' 'Like what?' Effie asked, trying to modulate the irritation out of her voice. 'Like that. Where's your usual, you know, hair. Stuff.' Effie shrugged. 'Doctor's orders, nothing that will aggravate my migraines. Also, it's tacky to wear a symbol of the Capitol's oppression into the Districts when I don't have to any more.' Haymitch gaped at her. 'You're tellin' me that shit was just for your work?' 'No,' Effie explained patiently to him, 'I'm telling you that I am clever enough to pick and choose my battles, and to forego vanity and ego for the sake of... oh, you'll never understand.' Haymitch drained his cup to the dregs and set it down on the bench. 'No, go on, tell me just how barbaric I am. I bet you descended from your nice, happy status quo to come and share your feelings.' Effie hadn't meant to sound so hateful, but Haymitch was making it too easy. She clenched a fist at her side, leaned forwards, and found herself shouting, spitting, to get the words out. ' I came here ,' she screamed, ' to find out why you, Haymitch Abernathy, organised a mission to rescue everyone but me.' Haymitch stepped back, stunned. 'What now?' Effie couldn't hold back a hysterical laugh. 'What do you mean, what now? ! You know, as well as anyone does, why we were being held in those cells. One tidy little piece of emotional blackmail for every Victor, every defector. Peeta for Katniss, Annie for Finnick, Johanna for... to be honest, I never knew very much about that one. Effie Trinket for —' Haymitch had started to shake his head. His hands were trembling. 'No, no no no!' he said, before she had the chance to finish. 'No. Not true. You're lying. They just took you, you, because you were left behind and somebody had to be punished. Snow had nothing left on me, nothing!' Effie nodded in disbelief. 'That's not what they told me, Haymitch. They didn't tell me why I was leverage over you, whether it was love or guilt or hatred. But we knew, in those cells, why we were being kept in that special corridor. And then, we were moved to a less secure location. And then, soldiers from District Thirteen broke in and rescued everyone. Everyone. But. Me. On your orders?' Haymitch hadn't heard her. He was still shaking, mouthing the word 'No', shivering. Effie felt something hollow inside, draining away all her fury and her tension. 'Haymitch?' She reached out to him, but he pulled away. He dug his hands into his dark greying hair and when he breathed in and out, there was a tight raspy sound in his throat. 'M'fine. Don't you know, I live here alone? You have to know, Effie. Capitol killed everyone who meant a damn to me. Punishment.' Effie relaxed. Everyone in the Capitol knew what a sudden and unexpected death from illness meant, it happened so often to politicians and the dangerously powerful. They'd all known what Haymitch had gone home to after the Hunger Games, those in the business who'd heard about it. 'Okay. Maybe they didn't have anybody for you, or maybe our working relationship was the closest they could get to you. Calm down. I still want my answers.' 'Answers to what?' a young woman asked from the hallway. 'Hello, Katniss,' Effie said pleasantly, straightening her spine and smiling as sweetly as she could. 'Nothing, really. Not important right now.' Haymitch looked pale and cowed back against his filthy benchtop. Effie stood with her arms crossed opposite him. She knew Katniss would misinterpret things. 'Looks pretty important to me,' Katniss said stubbornly. 'Leave it', Haymitch said harshly. 'Not now, Katniss.' My, but everyone was full of important and serious business. Effie had forgotten just how sullen and bitter those two were. She clasped her hands together and swallowed her saliva, fishing for an excuse to get out of the stalemate of grumpy staring that Katniss tended