Hey guys! So this is not the next chapter of Three Times. That is going to be a long time coming, because I promised myself I wouldn't let myself post it until I'd finished writing my friend's birthday present. P.S Her birthday was like a month ago. But I wanted to write Solangelo, so this one-shot happened, along with half of another one-shot thingy you guys will be excited to see, which I will finish as soon as I get the inspiration to. But who says nothing good ever comes out of procrastination? This is my little apology gift to you guys. It takes place maybe six moths after the giant war? Will and Nico are at that awkward stage where they like-bordering-on-love each other and are already friends, and have the vague inkling that the other person likes them back, but they're both too stupid to do anything about it. I hope you like it! I don't own Percy Jackson. Or anything, really. I'm broke. Beta'd by Abbie Dabbie. Will did not quite wake up. Not really. He didn't think he was dreaming anymore, but he still felt like he was unconscious. His head was spinning; he felt sick in his bones, in his skin and in his stomach from the nightmare that had crept up on him in his sleep and practically swallowed him whole. Shaking slightly, Will reached up and pushed his sweaty hair away from his forehead. He was hot and muggy all over, and the sheets and blanket suddenly felt like they were hot iron chains. Gasping, he kicked himself free and swung his legs over the side of the bed, sitting up and clutching his chest as the world swam blurrily before his eyes. His heart was pounding frantically. Worried he might be going into cardiac arrest, Will pressed two fingers to the side of his neck and massaged slowly, hoping it would bring his blood pressure down. It did help a bit, and he took deep, diaphragmatic breaths for a few minutes before dropping his hand and looking around dazedly. The large windows in the Apollo cabin, so useful for letting in sunlight during the day, were pitch black. Great gods of Olympus. What on Gaea's semi-green, not-destroyed earth was he doing awake? He shouldn't be even remotely conscious for another four hours at least. Will passed his hands over his face and through his damp hair. He tried to remember what he had been dreaming about. The nightmare flitted in and out of his memory, but never long enough to get a good look at it, and somehow not being able to remember was worse than remembering. Still unable to bring himself to full consciousness, Will felt stripped bare and vulnerable, as if the nightmare might slip into the twilight world and sneak up behind him. The eerie feeling was so unsettling he stumbled to his feet, cursing his terrible night vision and almost bashed his head into the bunk above his own. Will didn't remember deciding to leave his cabin, but he suddenly found himself crossing the grass next to the basketball court and ending up on the front steps of the Hades cabin, dressed in nothing but his pajama pants and a dark green tee-shirt, and face to face with a sleepy and very confused Hazel Lévesque. "Will? What are you doing here?" Hazel was wearing a modest black silk robe over her nightdress. She clutched the edges tighter against the draft coming through the open door. "I was just . . ." Will trailed off, realizing that he didn't have a blessed thing to say. On the other hand, there was only ever one reason he would dare go to Cabin 13 in the middle of the night. "Um . . . Is Nico . . . Is he here?" Hazel looked at him with bemusement. "It's barely one o clock. My brother is out 'running errands' for our father; he won't be back for hours." "Oh . . ." Will blinked fuzzily. His brain was having a hard time processing everything. He hadn't planned on making a surprise visit to the Hades cabin, much less what to do if Nico answered the door, much less what to do if Nico didn't . Hazel must have sensed his less than lucid state, or maybe she just took pity on his sorry self, because she looked around cautiously and then straightened, tightening the belt of her robe self-consciously. "Would you . . . would you like to come in and wait for him?" "Eh?" Will flushed. "I can't . . . I mean . . ." Hazel actually laughed. "It's okay. You came all this way. It must be important, right?" Will tried to shake his head, but it made the world spin. His eyelids were as heavy as anvils; every time he blinked, it took a monumental effort to open his eyes again, but he did anyway, trying to communicate without words as his mouth was practically numb with gummy sleep. No, no. It isn't important at all, I'm just delusional and sleep deprived, and your brother has a weird way of making everything in my life turn its head, which I find very comforting for some misguided reason. Gods he needed to sleep. But then Hazel was leading him inside and directing him to sit on one of the beds, which turned out to be really, really comfortable. Will hadn't been in the Hades cabin since Nico had made good on his threat to redecorate, but he did remember yelling a lot when his favorite patient had completely disregarded his orders and summoned an army of the dead to carry out the interior design plans he, Hazel and Annabeth had come up with. This new look was much nicer than the previous vampire's lair. The coffin beds had been replaced with actual bunk beds, but there were only two, one on either side of the room, and they were practically king sized, with elegant posts of polished ebony and mountains of pillows, blankets and comforters. The Persian rugs were threaded with what Will was pretty sure was real gold, and the walls were slippery polished black onyx stone studded with raw gems and soft dark wood. The god of riches indeed. The small shrine in the corner was the same, a table littered with various precious gems and bones, and tiny Hades statue that looked awfully familiar. Outside Will had seen the same ghost fire torches as had always been there, but inside there was a real, red and orange fire burning in an ornately carved fireplace of marble and black iron, depicting scenes that Will had no wish to examine too closely. The effect was not exactly cheery, but the fire filled the whole room with a quiet kind of warmth that made Will want to curl up on the overstuffed couch or the high-backed arm chair in front of the fireplace and stare into the flames until the sparks turned to watery smudges of red and gold. The quiet atmosphere made Will afraid to speak in more than a whisper, as if anything louder might wake the ghosts. Will flopped onto the lower bunk of the bed Hazel had directed him to, realizing too late that it must be where Nico slept. The numerous blankets and pillows, the fluffy comforter and even the sheets were black, and smelled just like the bed in the 'Long Term Stay' wing had after Nico had spent three days there. Not that Will had checked. Hazel was saying something and smiling kindly at him, but Will only heard her voice from far away, as if he was underwater, and couldn't understand. He blinked, trying to clear the fuzzies from his peripheral vision. His eyes felt dry and scratchy. He blinked again. On the next blink he couldn't muster the willpower to pry his lids back open, so he just let himself slide down into the rising darkness with something like relief. Hazel watched in surprise as Will Solace suddenly slumped onto her brother's pillows and didn't move again. He had obviously taken her words to 'make yourself at home' to heart. Sighing, she twitched the separation curtain back into place, wondering what her brother would do with him when he got back. Had Nico ever been in this situation? Had he ever been responsible for someone else's happiness? It was almost like . . . well, it was almost like Will had a crush on her brother. Hazel wasn't sure what the modern society thought of that. There had been a boy at her school, seventy years ago, Edward Hernandez. He had been a year older than her and Sammy, and one day a teacher had caught him kissing another boy from outside of school. She remembered the teachers shouting, the other kids' whispers and awful words, and the tense, worried look on Sammy's face as he tried to laugh it all off. They hadn't seen Edward Hernandez since. He had been pulled out of school, and nobody heard from him again. The other boy, the one not from her school who had been kissing Edward, had hung around the school gates the next few days, looking hopefully around every time someone came out. Eventually Sammy had gone up to him during one recess while Hazel watched from a little ways away. She saw the other boy's face fall as Sammy had put on hand on his shoulder and explained what happened. 'Will they be alright?' Hazel had asked when he had come back. Sammy's face had been unusually serious as he answered. 'I don't know.' After she had returned to the world of the living, Hazel had sometimes wondered what had happened to Edward. He was most likely dead after all that time and she had considered asking for Nico's help communicating with his ghost, but had never found the time. Hazel grimaced into her pillow. Unlike her brother's dour decor, her bed was made up of a heavy brown comforter, pale gold velvet blankets, creamy sheets and several fluffy pillows in dark red, green and purple. She desperately hoped nothing like what had happened to Edward would ever happen to Will. She liked the son of Apollo very much; he was kind and cheerful, and made her brother smile in a way she had never seen before. He made Nico happy, and Hazel had occasionally found herself wondering if that had more to do with her brother's lack of a girlfriend, than the fact that he was antisocial, awkward, depressed, mostly nocturnal and radiated death. Still, whether Nico liked Will that way or not, Hazel doubted he had ever been in this position before. Had her brother ever been the person who was wanted or needed? What would he do, stay, or run away? Hazel loved her brother very much, but he was not the kindest or most considerate person when dealing with another person's feelings. Hazel burrowed deeper into her bed. She would wait and see what happened. And tomorrow she would talk to Frank, and ask him about modern views towards same sex relationships. Nico would need all the help he could get. When Nico came home, around three in the morning and long after the fire had died down to a few glowing embers, the last thing he expected to see was Will Solace in his bed. He had been rounding up a couple of unwilling spirits that had escaped through the Doors of Death during the war and were giving Thanatos some difficulty. He had finished early, but was still exhausted, and desperately wanted Apollo to get his butt in gear so the sun could rise as quickly as it could and he could get a at least a few uninterrupted hours of sleep. So when Nico trudged through his cabin door, it took him a few seconds to realize there was someone in