Heh. Look, it's another thing that isn't the next chapter of Three Times. But seriously. I wanted to do something for Christmas, right? So I have this adorable idea for a little fic, but then my day-dream mind thinks- Hmm. Christmas, my birthday, new years, winter solstice. Hey that's the darkest day of the year. Heeey, wouldn't it be funny if an Apollo kid had that day as their birthday? Heeeeeeeeey, Winter Solstice kinda sounds like Will Solace. Isn't that funny? And my writing mind was like- MUST. WRITE. SOLANGELO. FIC. So, yeah. Anyway, we'll see if I have time for that Christmas fic. Probably not. But hey, there's always next year, right? And maybe I'll post the next chapter of TT as a present to you guys. That is, if you don't mind waiting an even longer time for the next chapter. I think Nico is the kind of person who will totally spoil anyone he really cares about in every possible way. That kept in mind, this is still the first Christmas since the Giant War. So I'm not sure if this is too . . . something. So far this chapter is unbeta'd, because I did not give my beta enough time to correct anything before the solstice today. Because obviously, I'm a nerd and have to post the story about the winter solstice on the winter solstice. Oh, by the way, I don't own shit. But seriously, Will Solace and the Winter Solstice? How funny is that? noun: attention at·ten·tion əˈten(t)SH(ə)n noun 1. Notice taken of someone or something; the regarding of someone or something as interesting or important. awareness, notice, observation, heed, regard, scrutiny, surveillance 2. The action of dealing with or taking special care of someone or something. consideration, contemplation, deliberation, thought, study, observation, scrutiny, investigation, action As soon as Will woke up, he knew it was going to be a bad day. It was partly due to the fact that he woke up very late. His dad was always lazy in the winter, and that day he must have forgotten to set his alarm clock, because both the sun and the Apollo cabin didn't get up until almost nine o clock. By which time almost half the camp had managed to get themselves stabbed, skewered, stung, stupefied, and - in one rare case - contracted smallpox. It was overcast; the awful, grey, cold-but-not-snowing December kind of day that made Will unfocused and groggy and just generally in a bad mood. It did not help in the slightest that he had to expand a great deal of healing energy on absolutely ridiculously injured people, including one idiot who had actually fallen on his own sword. And before breakfast, too. Before coffee . And to top off his wonderful morning, he was quite sure his siblings were ignoring him. By the time they had all managed to drag themselves out of bed, none of them had been in any state to mumble more than a gargled greeting, but even after a hearty meal of chocolate chip pancakes, bacon, oranges (still fresh, even in the middle of winter) and a cheese omelet, no one would meet his eye in the infirmary. He had asked Kayla to pass him a scalpel and she had shoved it into his hand, mumbled 'no problem' to his thanks and promptly left the room. So now Will was sulking. The 'Long Term Stay' wing was a particularly useful room for a long, well deserved session of moping and brooding. He had finished all the more serious injuries, and felt quite justified in taking an hour or so off to feel sorry for himself. There was one certain bed he found particularly comfortable. A certain son of Hades spent so much time in the infirmary getting patched up that Will had finally covered one of the beds in black sheets and declared it his official, honorary and personal bed. Nico had shaken his head and called him an idiot, but there had been the faintest trace of a smile about his mouth, and that had been enough for Will. Now even the other Apollo kids knew not to use the bed for any other patient. Will groaned and rested his head on his knees. Gods. Nico. He hadn't seen the son of Hades for several days. Nico did that sometimes, just disappeared without a trace and then reappeared just as suddenly, usually injured or faded from whatever job or quest he had been on. It drove Will crazy, and yet he somehow couldn't see Nico settling down to a nice, quiet life at camp. Annabeth had once said something to him about it. Nico had vanished again , and Will had been practically tearing his hair out with frustration. " It's the same with Percy and Thalia," she had assured him. "Wanderlust. All the Big Three kids have it. At least, all the Greek ones. They just can't sit still. Thalia has the Hunt and Percy has his quests, but even that's not usually enough to keep him from getting into trouble. Nico's spent the last four years almost completely isolated as a nomad – he isn't going to able to suddenly adjust to living with so many people without any reprieve. Just be patient. He'll come back, he always does. The longest Percy's been gone was eight months; I wouldn't worry too much until then." Will had found that both informative and unhelpful. He was perfectly aware that Nico could take care of himself, and would no doubt show up any day now, blood spattered, grass stained and looking quite pleased with himself, but gods, sometimes Will worried , and he had thought . . . He had hoped that maybe, just today, Nico would remember and try to come home. "Will!" Alex pounded on the door. "Get your ass out here. Percy and Jason had a rap battle. It isn't pretty." Break over. Will would have like to spend the rest of the day sulking in Nico's infirmary bed, but instead he dragged himself up and went to find out how a rap battle ended in three concussions, twelve broken bones and a purple pig. By the time the sun started to set again it was only four o clock in the afternoon, but Will was more than ready for the day to be over. It had ended up even worse than he had expected – it wasn't just his siblings; the whole camp was avoiding him. He usually tried to make conversation with the people who came through the infirmary, talking to them about the latest capture the flag game or asking after their little brother or girlfriend, but that day his efforts were met with nothing but a few short answers and shifty eyed grunts. Something was going on, and it obviously didn't include him. Well, two could play at that game. Okay, not really. Will went about an hour without speaking unless it was necessary, but he didn't think anyone noticed. There didn't seem to be anyone around to notice. Some of the kids who went home during the school year would come back for a week or two during Winter Break, but Will had barely seen anyone all day except for his year-rounder siblings and the patients. He would be leaving himself the next day, back to Florida and his mom's house. He had stayed longer than usual to look after everyone in the aftermath of the giant war, and hadn't seen his mom since last June. She would already be annoyed at having to miss today . . . "Will!" Will jerked out of his reverie as two sets of tiny hands clamped onto his. "Hey guys." He smiled down at the tiny white-blonde twins Clarence and Clarity. They looked up at him and flashed their pearly white baby teeth at him. There was a matching gap in their smiles, right in the front. "Hey Will." "What are you doing-" "All alone-" "In the infirmary?" "Oh, you know." Will ruffled their poufy white heads of dandelion fluff affectionately. At least someone wasn't ignoring him. "Just hanging around in case someone needs a medic. Family reunions can get quite heated." Clarence and Clarity gazed at him blankly. Their round eyes were the pale, clouded blue of the blind, but they saw more than people realized. "Are you waiting-" "For Nico?" They asked. "What?" Will flushed. Austin and Kayla were one thing, but the twins were only eight! How did they know about- Will closed his eyes and shook his head. No, he was not going to think that. "I-I don't know what you could possibly mean," he said. Then he hesitated. "You guys haven't . . . seen him anywhere, have you?" The twins both tilted their heads consideringly. "When the party isn't fun anymore-" "Take a breath of fresh air-" "In the snow." How very helpful, Will thought. Out loud he said, "Thanks you guys. I'll keep that in mind." He made to go back to sorting through patient files, but the twins suddenly got an odd, blank look in their eyes, as if staring off somewhere far away. Then they turned to each other and said solemnly, "It's done." "Um," Will raised his hand. "Excuse me? What's done?" The twins shook their heads at him as if disappointed and then tugged impatiently on his hands. When he resisted, they began to drag him towards the door. "H-Hey! Let go! Guys . . . What are you doing?" "It's done-" "It's ready-" "So we have to bring you there." "What? Guys, come one! Where are you taking me? Oooh! Cold! Cold!" Clarence and Clarity hauled their brother outside, not even letting him grab a coat. For a couple of eight year olds they were surprisingly strong, so Will just shut up and let them pull him across the frosty grass towards the Big House, shivering violently in the frozen air. The twins pushed Will up the porch steps, told him to wait right there and then disappeared inside. Brilliant, Will thought, stuffing his hands under his armpits and stamping his feet in a futile effort to get warm. He was only wearing rainbow toe socks and sandals, as he had expected to stay in the warm infirmary all day. Just wonderful. If he was freezing his ass off just so the twins could show off another snake they had found creeping around the attic, he would not be happy. Will hated snakes. The last one they had found had nearly killed him. He didn't care whether Malcolm had assured him it hadn't been venomous; that thing had had an evil look in its eyes. It had probably on of the great Python's descendents, or possibly even been a pet of Lord Voldemort's. The twins reappeared in the doorway. Will looked at them warily. "You may enter," they chorused. "Finally," Will muttered, and let his siblings lead the way inside. The Big House was surprisingly dark. There wasn't anybody inside, all the lights were out, and Will kept thinking he heard whispered voices and movement in the shadows. It made him think of Nico, and he didn't like that a scene straight out of a horror movie reminded him of the guy he liked. Ahead of him Clarence and Clarity suddenly stopped and turned to face him. Will froze. The grey light from outside cast gaunt shadows across the twins faces as they stared at him with dead eyed gazes. Will felt a chill run down his spine, and not just because he was still half frozen from being outside in a tank top and shorts. This was exactly the kind of situation than ended with the handsome blonde protagonist being thrown into a meat grinder. He didn't care what noises he heard behind suspiciously ajar doors; he wasn't anywhere near stupid enough to go and see what it was. In fact, he didn't plan on