May I first say congratulations to all you who shipped Soldangelo before it was canon. I don't know why I didn't see this coming. And yes, I spelled their ship name wrong, because when I say it out loud I always accidentally slip a D in there. I have a headcannon where Will (so cute!) has been crushing on Nico since way before Nico even knew he existed. This fic embodies that. When I write this ship, I will probably make Nico a little mean. I think that Will might be good at being friends, but his version of expressing romantic feelings is to grab someone's hands and tell them he just delivered a half goat baby. Nico's going to have to step up at some point. And just because Will is two years older and is passionate about making sure Nico's okay does not mean he is in charge of the relationship. Nico is no one's shota. I've been working on this since BoO came out, and it's finally done! The first chapter, anyway. There will be at least two more. This one is Will's POV for the three main times he saw Nico before they officially met, and then what happened in those awesome little gay ship scenes Uncle Rick slipped in there for us, and then a little after that. The next chapter is the three days in the infirmary, and the one after that is what happened next in my own little non-canon world. Uncle Rick needs to do another thing like the Demigod Diaries and give us some flashforwards. There were a a serious lack of percabeth scenes! Although the ones that were there were just too wonderful.I mean, DID YOU SEE WHAT PERCY DID WITH THAT KISS RIGHT WHERE THEIR PARENTS STARTED FIGHTING!? Gods percabeth is too PERFECT. Jason has glasses and the title pontificus maximus . He is slightly less stupid. The friendship between all the girls is so wonderful! Piper and Annabeth especially. The bromance between Reyna and Nico very nearly killed me it was so beautiful. Nico has way too many big brothers and sisters. Poor Will. I mean, did you see that high five!? Quite possibly my favorite part in the whole book. This was beta'd by the wonderful and amazing AbbieDabbie. To the hours of fangirling. Cheers, darling! I don't own anything! But how I wish I did. First time Unfortunately for almost everyone involved, the first time Will Solace laid eyes on Nico di Angelo, he was about to shoot a dracaenae in the head. It was during the first real battle Camp Half-Blood had seen in a long time; an invasion through the Labyrinth, courtesy of Lord Cuckoo Head of Time himself, Kronos. Every demigod over thirteen was in armor and fighting. Will had stayed in the back with the other archers, but he'd soon realized he wasn't doing much good. When he'd seen Castor, one of Dionysus' kids and a frequent volunteer at the infirmary, go down from a blow to the head, Will had abandoned the high ground and dove into the fray. And ended up arrow to trident with a dracaenae . Now, for an average eighth grader, Will wasn't that bad an archer. He did, after all, occasionally hit the target. Compared to most of his siblings, however, he shot like crap. Both Lee Fletcher and Michael Yew were archery prodigies, and all Kayla needed to do to be able to play an instrument was to pick it up. Will could play the guitar, the trumpet and the lyre (a requirement for everyone in Cabin Eight) and had perfect pitch, never mind that his voice was soawfully average it was just embarassing. Not to mention he did a mean super sonic whistle. He also liked poetry quite a lot, even if he was terrible at writing it. But his real talents lay in healing, and that wasn't much use in the heat of battle. When a freaky snake woman is about to spear you with a giant fork, it's a really bad time to get distracted. And yet, to his horror, when Will suddenly caught a flash of darkness in his peripheral vision, he found himself turning around to see what it was. In some part of Will's brain, birds started chirping, angels started singing and the sun came out from behind the clouds to shine down on a meadow of flowers where cute baby animals were frolicking together in the sunshine. The rest of his brain wanted to slap the stupid hormonal teenager right out of him. The dark flash was a kid. He had to be at least a couple years younger than Will himself and was small and bony, dressed all in loose black clothes with a sword dark as night. He was also doing some serious damage to every unfortunate monster or enemy demigod who happened to be in his vicinity. This wasn't the first time Will had wished he could trade the blessing of bandaging and stitches for just a little bit better aim, but when his bow string suddenly snapped and whacked him in the face, causing his arrow to veer wildly off course, completely bypassing the dracaenae in front of him and almost hitting Nyssa in the foot, he just wished he hadn't been blessed with anything at all. At least then he would have an excuse to never ever set foot outside his cabin ever again and run the risk of coming face to face with the doomy gloomy eleven year old who had somehow managed to catch his eye from across the battle field. The dracaenae thrust her trident towards Will's chest. He rolled out of the way, and someone came up from behind and stuck a knife in her throat. The snake lady dissolved instantly into yellow dust. Not believing his luck, Will scrambled to his feet and looked around. The kid he had seen before was wading through the monsters like he was taking a stroll through the park, slashing his black sword through the hordes and absorbing their life essence until nothing was left. His expression was stoic and unreadable, almost bored, but his eyes burned with a manic fire as he desecrated the monsters, like they were nothing but pathetic bugs that had the misfortune to get in his way. Will just kind of wanted to stand there and gape at him for awhile, but a hell hound bounded towards him and by the time he got away, the kid was gone. In the aftermath of the battle, the entire Apollo cabin was confined to the infirmary. Even though they were still reeling from Lee Fletcher, Fiona Jarvis and Kasey Crilling's deaths, Cabin Eight still had a duty to the wounded. Will used up thirty Ace bandages, gave a couple hundred stitches, splinted fourteen broken bones - including all four of Chiron's legs - and watched ten people die because not even the food and medicine of the gods could help them, before Kayla told him to take a break. Will ignored her and kept going. But each time the infirmary door opened he looked up, half hopeful and half terrified that the next person who came in would be the dark haired boy he had seen. The kid never appeared. Second Time Will had seen the kid several times in the Battle of Manhattan. He had seen him ride a hell hound into battle dressed in pitch black skull armor, seen him face off with the King of the Titans, seen him raise an army of the dead and cut through another army of monsters while trying to protect the mortals. But that had all been from a distance. The only time he had been close enough to go up to him was afterwards, when he caught sight of him talking with Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase. Will must have been only ten feet away from them, helping load the injured into the camp vans. Without the skull helmet, Will had been able to see the boy's deep-set eyes and the urgent flutter of his hands as he said something to the other two. And then they flew away. Will hadn't had time to even think about going up to him. Now, seated at his new place at the Ping Pong table with the other senior counselors, (in Michael's place, in Lee's) he felt like he was just realizing how young the kid really was. Percy had just burst in yelling, "Grover, you better not have eaten all the donuts!" He was grinning wildly and hand in hand with Annabeth. Trailing behind them, dressed from head to toe in black was the kid himself. He did not appear to be sulking exactly, but he definitely didn't look thrilled to be there. "So guys, this is Nico," Percy said, cheerfully oblivious to the dark brooding cloud that hung over the kid's head. "Son of Hades. He's the one who came with the freaky skeleton army and saved all our sorry asses. Nico, senior counselors. Counselors, Nico di Angelo." Nico di Angelo. Nico. It wasn't the first time he'd heard the name, but it was the first time he'd associated with his kid. All the counselors around the table muttered hi or gave a little wave. Nico just glared at the floor. Percy went around and introduced everyone. Nico refused to meet anyone's eye. Next to Percy the boy looked so small and skinny and pale, and more childishly human than Will had ever seen him. He was at least a head shorter than the son of Poseidon, and with his hands shoved deep into the pockets of his aviator jacket and hunched shoulders it was as if he was trying to appear even smaller. It occurred to Will that he could say something, say hello, maybe ask him to sit down in the empty seat next to him. He almost did it. But then Percy was asking if he was 'ever going to sit his butt down', and Nico gave him such a dark look, like he was serious considering commanding the earth to swallow him up, and said very stiffly, "I prefer to stand, thank you." So cold. Will slumped back in his chair and fiddled with the Ace bandages he had wrapped around his hands and forearms, feeling like he had been the one shot down. The meeting passed by in a daze. Percy spoke about how they were going to building more cabins recognizing the minor gods, but Will couldn't concentrate. He smiled and replied when someone spoke to him directly, but the rest of the time he was busy trying to look at Nico out of the corner of his eye. It took him a few seconds to realize when the meeting was over. Quickly he scrambled to his feet and looked around. Nico was already walking away. Will started towards him, unsure what he was going to do (say hi, or just make eye contact?) but before he could do anything, the kid dissolved into shadows right before his eyes, leaving Will with nothing but an outstretched hand clutching air and Nico's name on his lips. Will found himself becoming rather fond of black. Back at his mom's place in Florida, he went shopping, buying a grand total of two shirts – one short sleeved, one long sleeved – one pair of sweat pants and three pairs of socks, all in black. His siblings would no doubt disapprove - Apollo kids were known for their colorful ensembles, second only to the Aphrodite Cabin's. It wasn't like Will didn't like his jeans and camp tee-shirts, or his cargo shorts and brightly colored tank tops anymore. He was just learning to appreciate a new color. And it happened to be a very comfortable color. Very simple, very calming. It was . . . nice. His sibling looked at him like he was insane, but really, it was