Disclaimer: Characters are borrowed for funs. Bella is OOC and immortal in the least glamorous of ways. Rest of characters are more or less canon. Hope you like it! Before he reached the house he could feel the wrongness. The stillness, the smell of death, and the mangled rush of his family's thoughts into jumbled words, panics and names. His own being one of the majors tossed about in old minds. 'Edward's here. What will he say? How do I explain this? Stop thinking!' It was Alice. She was always panicking but it wasn't like her not to know what to do. And then he heard the other name, whispered in other minds that all seemed to be standing in the dining room. 'Bella.' He stopped near the front door when he heard that name, when he breathed deep that heavy stench of death that lingered in the once safe walls of his home. If his heart beat it might have stopped. A second later he was standing in the dining room. He had wanted to stay calm, wanted not to care, but there she was- or what was left of her- laid out on the dining table. Of all the places, how could they put her there? "What have you done?" He hissed, not even sure who it was aimed at. Her dark hair was tangled in filth, her face bloody and distorted by swollen flesh and mashed bones. Her lips were parted, blood crusted in their corners. There was no heartbeat, no breath, no warmth. Her arm was broken, bent grotesquely and leaving her pale hand to dangle off the edge of the large table. Her clothes were torn and he could tell where they had been pulled into place again to cover the parts of her that should never have been exposed. There was some awful relief beneath the wave of crippling rage. It wasn't his family. Edward could have understood with time if one of his clan had slipped up and she had been in the wrong place at the wrong time, if they had drained her of blood and life. But his brother's would never have raped her, would never have beaten her with such brutality. "We found her." Alice spoke, he wasn't even sure whether it was aloud or in her thoughts. "I saw it but it was too late." He stood tense as he listened carefully. Four men, gone by the time she and Jasper reached the spot. "Why would you see her future anyway?" Edward tried to sound cold, but his voice begged to break either with rage or misery. "I was keeping an eye on her." Alice admitted, sounding ashamed of her obvious failure. "She was important to you." His chest hurt at the sadness in her voice and now more than ever she was his sister. "I didn't even know her." "You watched her at school." Alice persisted, Jasper rubbing her arm gently either to sooth her or keep her from approaching her brother. "We've all noticed. You even took that art class just to be closer, just to watch her longer." His jaw ticked, but he wouldn't admit it. If he hadn't been willing before, he certainly wasn't going to say it now. Carlisle was standing nearest to the table but on the other side, his eyes downcast and his face grave. Esme looked like she was going to cry, pressed into the corner of the kitchen and watching him. "Where are Em and Rosalie?" Edward spoke but he was still staring at the girl on the table. "Hunting the men that did this." Jasper said quietly, he was standing close to his wife and just barely blocking her from Edward in case things turned ugly. Sometimes it was hurtful that Jasper still couldn't always trust them, but on nights like this he understood why. "They won't do anything unless you say so." Carlisle added. Edward forced himself to harden like the stone he was. "What do I care?" He shook his head when Carlisle started to walk toward him, concern etched across his perfect features. "I didn't know her. Tell them to leave the humans and come home." He shivered as he forced himself to turn away from the table, from her body. His lips curled as he hissed at Alice. "Why would you bring the body here? You know what will happen if they find us with it!" It was so much easier to be angry. Jasper bared his teeth, sliding easily into that space between his brother and his wife. Alice was grabbing at his shoulder to glare pleadingly at Edward. "I didn't think you'd want me to leave her there like that on some dirt road. I thought you'd want to see her, say goodbye, something…" "You thought wrong, Alice." He hissed before walking away. His legs had never wanted to buckle more, but he made it out of the house. It wasn't true, that he didn't know Bella, he knew her plenty- it was just that she had never known him. He knew the way she shied away from large groups, how she would lose time when painting in those dingy art classes, how she smiled during a thunder storm but sulked when it was too windy. He knew how she wished that she could play the piano, how she would sit at the shabby one in the music room when no one was around and place her fingers on the keys- how her headphones would fill her head with the sound of the notes but she would never bring herself to press down. He had watched and dreamed in a way that he never had before, but he knew his rule well enough to leave it at that. No humans. He couldn't do that to another person, couldn't be the cause of that misery whether it was the death or the longing to be. From his distance in the trees he saw Emmett and Rosalie arrive home. Both paused at the front door, looking back at him. He listened and heard the names of scumbags unfold in Emmett's head, along with street names and an address. It was a small blessing to be understood by his family in the case of Em, and a curse in the case of Alice. He took off into the forest, the image of her ruined body dancing in his head just beside those sweet ones of her fingers hovering over tarnished keys. How long had it been since he killed someone? Would they still have her stolen scent on them? Would he feel any better after they were dead? Alice sighed and stared at the body on the table. She had had such hopes for her, for the happiness of her brother. "What should we do with her?" Esme whispered. Carlisle reached out for his wife and ushered her toward the stairs. "Leave her here for now. I have a feeling he'll want to say goodbye when he's alone. We'll deal with the rest in the morning." Darkness only got darker as evening set into midnight. Lightning streaked the sky as though to give desperate shreds of light to the black. When thunder cracked, the body on the table convulsed. But no one was around to see it. Rain was pouring down outside when Bella's eyes burst open. Bruises had already faded, along with scrapes and cuts. She saw the strange ceiling, the odd walls and tall windows. Her ribs cracked back into their rightful places, forcing her to bite back a scream as she rolled off of the table. A dining room table. Bella shuddered at the idea, gasping when her knees and palms hit the floor. One of her arms gave way with the sickly snapping of already cracked bones. She screamed. She hadn't meant to, hadn't really been able to think. But then there she was, faster than any human could be- Rosalie. Bella looked up, lips still blood crusted and parted to swallow at air, tears streaming down her face. The blond that stood over her looked completely horrified, and sadly, horror of any kind came wrapped in anger for that particular vampire. "What are you?" Rose snarled, shoulders drawn back as she looked at the girl on the floor with sharp eyes. "Babe?" Emmett had come into the room, his body lurching to a stop as he too saw the now living girl. "What the-" Bella sucked a breath and forced herself to her feet, lunging for the backdoor. Rose hissed, too fast for her, those perfect cold fingers wrapping around Bella's neck and slamming her back against one of the tall windows. It cracked, spider webs running along the entire panel. "What are you?" The blond shouted this time and Bella could feel others moving in the house. That was when she realized fully whose house she was in. Tears streaked down her face as she gasped for air around that tight grip. It was her own fault for not running when she had the chance, before they found out what she was. She had known what they were, had known to keep her distance. "Rose!" Esme screamed. Emmett was beside the blond, his hand on her outstretched arm but he wasn't looking at the oddity pinned to the glass, no, his gaze was only for his wife. "Baby." He whispered, desperate to calm her. "Let her go." "What is she?" Rosalie jerked Bella forward, the toes of her shoes scraping the floor. "What are you?" The blonde hissed in her face. Bella shivered, it wasn't the first time she'd been captured by vampires. "I'm alive." She couldn't help herself, the words came up through the gravel of her throat, her eyes wild with pain. "What are you?" It was a taunt, meant to dig deep. She couldn't say she was entirely surprised when the blond goddess slammed her to the glass again, this time the window shattered, throwing her body out into the rain. She rolled across the grass, over the yard and landed in a heap near the edge of the forest. "Rosalie!" Esme cried, grabbing onto the blond before she could charge out into the rain. Bella lay in the grass for the beat of thunder and then forced herself upright again. It was pointless running from vampires, she knew that. Even when she wasn't half dead, she was faster than a human, but never faster than a vampire. They always found her. Always. And always she would run anyway. She was in the midst of trees when the bone in her arm started cracking back into place, sending screams from her throat and forcing her knees to buckle in the mud. A leg hit her back, pushing her down flat before a hand rolled her over. The blond was straddling her suddenly, rage and rain still painting that face. Bella could hear others shouting at the vampire, but all she could watch was that fist rearing back, sharp knuckles aimed at her face. The same question poured from her lips and Bella shivered in the mud. All she could hope was that that fist could do the job, could finally put her down- but she knew it wouldn't, none before it ever had. She didn't close her eyes when it fell, wanting to see this one coming because she was sure it'd kill her at least for a while. A hand came from nowhere and caught that seemingly delicate arm. The blond hissed but was pulled up from the ground and thrown to the side all too easily. Bella stared in shock as he stepped over her with one leg and roared at the other woman, the sound breaking through the forest like another roll of thunder. She blinked up through the rain to look at him, her heart pounding against the cage of her chest until her ribs ached. Edward looked down at her, surprise and