Title: Glory Summary: Katniss wasn't the only tribute ever to volunteer for the Hunger Games. I wrote this a year or two ago and somehow never got around to posting it. Reagan stands with the rest of the sixteens in the town square. Her hands are sweaty and her heart is beating hard and fast. "Ladies first," says Quintus Marvarion, smiling widely. He reaches into the clear bowl, filled with hundreds of little slips of paper. Reagan's heart accelerates. Ten of those pieces of paper have her name on them. Just ten , she tells herself frantically, soothingly, just ten. Quintus pulls out the thin slip of paper with his long, manicured fingernails. He smiles widely and unfolds it. "Jammel Sellers." He says. Reagan closes her eyes and almost gasps aloud in relief. It's not her. It's not her . She thinks. She tries not to think of Jammel Sellers. The name sounds vaguely familiar but Regan refuses to remember where she knows the girl from. She keeps her eyes shut tight so she doesn't have to see Jammel as she passes, so she doesn't have to recognize her as one of the many nameless girls that Reagan has gone to school with, perhaps played with, perhaps passed many times on the street. Reagan tries to think, again and again, not her, not her, it wasn't her. She was safe . Her eyes snap open and she sees Jammel is already on the stage, mutely accepting Quintus's congratulations. Reagan turns away and searches the crowd for the eyes she wants to find. Her gaze falls on Brand. He's already looking at her. He's smiling and Reagan finds she can smile back. She feels almost giddy with relief. One more year , she thinks, one more year of safety. She feels only a remaining trickle of fear as Quintus prepares to draw the boy tribute. Brand continues to smile at her. He doesn't look worried, he simply looks relieved that it wasn't her who was picked. Reagan barely hears Quintus as he reads the boy's name. She sees Brand's smile slip off his face. She sees his eyes widen in stunned disbelief. She dimly realizes something is wrong. Then Quintus's voice echoes in her brain like a gunshot: "Brand Slater." Reagan sees Brand turn to face the stage. Brand Slater . She repeats blankly in her mind. Brand Slater. She watches as Brand begins to walk, slowly and haltingly, as though he too is unsure if what he heard was true. Then, suddenly, Reagan is screaming. "No!" the tears away from her tongue. "Brand, no!" this isn't happening. This isn't true. "Stop it! Brand, stop!" Brand turns to look at her as she charges through the crowd, pushing the other children aside. She launches herself at him and he tries to push her away. No, they won't take him. They won't take Brand. They can't. "Take me!" Reagan cries, "Take me, instead!" They ignore her. Many hands come and grab at Reagan's arms. They take her and drag her away from Brand's body. The physically tear him away from her. She's kicking and scratching and hitting every one of them that she can reach. Brand is pushed onto the stage where he can only stare as Reagan screams. Now they're putting something around her wrists. Some are yelling at her to be quiet. Others hit her repeatedly in the mouth until she can taste blood. She feels dizzy. She sees Brand's face, so pale, so desperate, looking at her, mumbling blankly to leave her alone as someone else pins his arms behind him. Then everything went dark, and she knew no more. "Ladies first," said Quintus Marvarion. He smiles and sticks his long, almost skeletal fingered hands into the clear bowl. Reagan stares as if she wants to bore a hole into the glass. The seventeens on either side of her are all fidgeting nervously but Reagan stands still. She wills him to pull out the name. She dares Quintus to do it. Blood is pounding in Reagan's brain. Quintus smooths the slip of paper and reads loudly and clearly, "Sabina Cleric." A trembling fourteen-year-old girl stumbles onto the stage and Reagan feels her lips twist into a smile. It doesn't matter, she thinks. No matter at all. Quintus congratulates Sabina. Then he faces the crowd and asks, "Is there anyone who wishes to volunteer as Tribute?" Reagan's face is still twisting into a smile. She knows she looks ugly and disturbed, maybe even a little mad. She steps forward, calling in a loud voice, "I do. I volunteer." Quintus takes a moment to find her, a short girl as she is with indistinguishable features. She sees on the large screens surrounding the square that the cameras have trouble focusing on her, hidden among the hoard of other children. Quintus's eyes widen in surprise. The people next to Reagan gasp and whisper behind their hands. Reagan doesn't care. She doesn't care about the stir she's created, the little buzz of gossip. She's already walking with fast, purposeful strides towards the stage. She climbs onto the platform while Quintus regains his composure. He carries on with the protocol. He asks Sabina if she objects. She doesn't. Then Sabina practically tumbles off the stage and into the waiting arms of her family, who are staring up at Reagan with mingled shock and unspeakable gratitude. "And what is the name of our new Tribute?" Quintus asks. "Reagan Slater," she replies stiffly. There is no glimmer of recognition. No one remembers the name. Reagan clenches her teeth hard, staring straight ahead. She knows all across Panem people are seeing her face on their screens. They're all wondering why she did it. Some people think she's trying to steal the glory. The majority of them, Regan knows, think she's being brave or noble, sacrificing herself for Sabina. But Reagan knows better. She knows better. Sabina Cleric and her family come to see Reagan in her hour of solitude, set aside for saying good-bye to loved ones. They're the only ones. They all want to know why. Sabina cries softly the whole time and Reagan finds she can't look at her. She doesn't even know who these people are. She owes them no explanation. The mother hugs Reagan like one of her own, telling her to come back, where she'll find a home. Reagan finds her mouth twisting into that horrible, stiff, gruesome smile again. The whole situation is so achingly, terribly funny. They don't understand. Reagan isn't coming back. Reagan stands unmoving, still staring straight ahead, as her chariot rolls by the crowd of cheering people. Beside her, the boy tribute of District 9 waves and smiles, blowing kisses to the audience. Regan doesn't move. She doesn't care about sponsors. Her stylist slaps her after the disastrous opening ceremony. For one second Reagan feels rage build up in her/ Her cheek pulses with anger. Her head snaps backwards from the force of the blow. She wants to strike back. She wants to lash out, kicking, screaming, tearing into anything she can get her hands on like she did at the Reaping, when they had taken Brand away from her. But she feels her emotion slide away again. She feels dead, heavy, like it's already over. Nothing matters. Nothing has ever mattered. Her stylists tell her to smile, to make a good impression, but Reagan barely hears them. Caesar Flickerman smiles and laughs and asks her questions, trying to coax exciting answers, what the public wants to hear. Finally he asks the question Reagan always knew was coming. "Everyone is still buzzing about your volunteering to participate in the Games. So, Reagan, the question we all want to know the answer to: Why?" Reagan hesitates, then she said clearly, loudly, boldly because she knows this is the last time she will ever get the chance to say it, the only time they will ever again hear his name, "Last year, my brother was chosen. I watched him as he died. Last year, I watched my brother get murdered on television." "So you volunteered to bring your brother the honor he never got. Bring a little glory to the name?" Reagan stumbles on her words. The gong sounds and she goes back to her seat. No, no, that wasn't it at all. She's come to die. She doesn't care about living anymore. With Brand gone there's nothing worth living for. All the same, Caesar Flickerman's words stay with her. " So you volunteered to bring your brother the honor he never got. Bring a little glory to the name?" Bring a little glory to his name. She doesn't know what to show the Gamemakers. She doesn't have any special skills. But somehow she finds she wants to impress them. She wants to get a high score. Reagan tries everything, from climbing to archery, but she doesn't think she makes any lasting impression. She feels heavier than she ever felt before when she leaves. She feels utterly hopeless. But she doesn't quite understand why. To be hopeless she must have once had hope. But there was never any. Never of any kind. Somehow Reagan finds herself surviving the first day. Her initial thought was to rush to the cornucopia and get it over quickly in the blood bath that always followed. But somehow she found herself running the other direction. She climbs into a tree to spend the night and she can't erase the picture of Brand, on his first day in, doing the same thing. She can remembering the beads of sweat on his forehead, when the camera panned in for a close shot of his face. He hadn't tried to get it over quickly. He hadn't taken it for granted that he'd die. Again, she hears Caesar Flickerman's words, pounding with the blood in her chest, louder and more insistent than she's ever heard them: Bring a little glory to his name. The rest of the Tributes must be putting on a good show, because it's been very quiet where Reagan's been hiding. She even caught herself, somewhere in the mysterious haze between waking and sleeping, foolishly hoping that the rest of them might kill themselves off. With the piercing sunlight of each new day, this thought is hurriedly smothered. She first sees Fide when he's hunting in the woods. Before she only knew him as the boy tribute from District 7. He's tall and strapping, and she knew he, at least, was a victor of the fight at the cornucopia because he's got a heap of supplies in the corner of his camp. He's also rather stupid, she realizes, and must be dependent on brawn rather than brains. She's come to this conclusion after the second night she gets away with stealing his stores without his noticing. She tries it for a third night. Before she knows what's happened she's hanging upside down from a branch in a tree and Fide's face is inches from hers, red, twisted, angry, murderous. He's leering at her with a knife to her throat. Apparently he has noticed she's been stealing his food. He slashes the rope with his knife and she crashes to the ground. Her shoulder aches, but it is nothing compared to the deadened thumping her stomach, the steely certainty that pounds through her head. This is it. This is the end. She feels curiously calm and unconcerned. It's about time, she thought, that fate caught up with her. He's kneeling on her chest and she hopes he slits her throat soon. She'd rather die quickly then slowly lie there suffocating. "Caught the little snake that's been slithering into my campsite," he jeers. He pushes the blade against her windpipe. She can feel the cold edge tickling the soft skin of her throat. She doesn't say anything. She doesn't know if he's waiting for her to plead, to beg for life. She won't give him the satisfaction.