Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight – trust me – if I did, I would be on a beach somewhere singing "we're in the money" while drinking out of a coconut as people walked past whispering about how sad it is to see someone so young wasting their life on alcohol. A/N: Well god only knows where this came from - maybe I should blame temporary insanity? Anyway this snuck into my head during my lunch time and I proceeded to write it then and there. So sticking to my 'I wrote so I'm posting it' rule here it is. This is my first Twilight fic. I haven't read the books for years, so sorry if people are horribly OOC etc. I have no idea if there will be a second chapter or not. (Oh and if any of you are wondering yes I will be updating my story all hail the heartbreaker soon) The thing about seeing the future is you start to forget the present. You don't make decisions because you want to do something but because you want that future. Don't believe me? Well say you want to ride a new rollercoaster, you get there, wait through the three hour long queue and suddenly you have a vision. If you ride the rollercoaster you won't be able to help your brother when some idiot nomad decides that we're poaching in his territory. So the best thing to do is try and kill the male first, then drain the guy in the control booth and destroy the booth in the hopes of crashing the rollercoaster. Which is going to mean the people on the ride end up being stuck upside down for the best part of 4 hours. So you don't ride the rollercoaster – not because you don't want to but because you don't want that future. You sacrifice doing what you want to do in order to get the future to be better. Not a bad thing exactly but sometimes it can get annoying. When I woke up as a vampire I was grateful for the visions of the future and to be honest I still am. I had no memories of who or what I was. Without my visions I wouldn't have even understood I was a vampire or what humans were. The first vision I ever saw was meeting Jasper Whitlock in a café and explaining to him that I could see the future. He barely even blinked at that, so I told him how we were going to go live with a group of vampires who would become our family. That they fed on animals rather than humans which is what I had been doing since I 'woke up'. It was fascinating and as I lay on the dirt considering what everything I had just seen meant, the most incredible thing happened – I saw her. A boy punched the shoulder of another human 'Good to see you again man. You have a good summer? I can't believe we're back in this hell hole already.' I turned away and the wind brought the scent of heaven to my nose. I closed my eyes and inhaled deeply trying to fill myself with the delicious fragrance. Opening my eyes I found the source of the scent staring back at me. A blush swept across her face and joy exploded inside of me. I had found her, at last I had found my mate. The desire to have my mate, to meet her drives my decisions I don't resent that. I want my mate but 93 years of checking every decision you make to try and ensure you don't jeopardise that future can get somewhat wearing. But I was close now, so, so close. The last two years had been hell. The first day of school each year I had been convinced that this would be the day I met her, only to be met with bitter disappointment. My family, I knew, had worried about my sudden mood swings, not least because no one likes the thought that the girl who can see the future just got really depressed for no apparent reason. I had kept the knowledge that I would meet my mate in Forks, Washington a secret from my family. Which really isn't that easy when your family includes a mind reader. Still it was necessary. If I had told them then Carlisle would have moved us here to early or perhaps too late. Observing the future is more than enough to cause the future to change, telling others just increases the chances and this was one future I didn't want to change. Especially given that it was balanced on a knife edge already. Because when I tried to look into my Bella's future I found not one path but two. In one future she chooses my brother Edward (the mind reader) and in the other she chooses me. Suddenly me keeping quiet about this is starting to sound like a good idea huh? I straightened my blouse again, twirling while staring at the mirror so I could check how the Dior knee length skirt moved. It looked good, classy. This was it, I wasn't changing again. "Alice! Get down here now before we're late." Ah my dear sister Rose as polite as ever. Rose was, even by vampire standards, stunning. Her wavy golden blonde hair caught your attention but it was the perfect figure, legs that went on forever, curves in all the right places and a face that could front any beauty campaign which made all the boys' hearts beat faster. Unfortunately for those boys Rose was married to my brother Emmett and not interested in anyone else. (At least not for another ten years when Rose would invite Kate to join her and Emmett for the night to celebrate their 70th wedding anniversary. But that's another story.) I skipped down the stairs and carefully I drew back from the front of my mind letting my instinctual 'thoughts' drift to the front. According to Edward and Carlisle I was odd – well odder than simply being able to see the future dictated. Most vampires had nothing more than vampiric instincts. I had dark Alice as Edward liked to call her. Carlisle believed that something must have happened during my change which disrupted it slightly. And instead of the vampire instincts fully integrating themselves into my personality a separate consciousness developed. My personal belief was that I had experienced an extended vision during the part of the change were the venom upgrades the brain. The venom finding an 'empty' brain had messed with the wiring trying to allow a personality to form creating a host in order for the body to work. When I returned from the vision the other personality was shoved backwards but not destroyed. I have all the 'normal' vampire instincts it's just they come with a voice – one which can be very annoying at times. But she made it easier to hide my thoughts from Edward once I learned to shift her thoughts to the front of our mind without surrendering control of my body. They weren't really thoughts as such but if I got her started on a simple enough catchy song she would repeat it happily for hours. I jumped off the stairs three steps from the bottom and beamed at my family as they smiled indulgently or rolled their eyes. I had three brothers and one sister. Emmett looked like a small mountain made flesh at least until he smiled at Rose then he just looked like a giant teddy bear. Jasper standing next to him looked relatively harmless, expect when his eyes went dead and then you knew there was something dangerous hiding beneath the facade. Smart people given a choice would always rather fight Emmett. Jazz like Edward and me, had something a little bit extra, he could sense and to a limited degree manipulate other people's emotions. Edward was the broody one. The ability to read the minds of others seemed to make him introverted and slightly obsessive. Of course all this simply made him irresistible to women. Women's curiosity drove them to want to understand him - to be the only one who understood him. Ugh I mean please, but I suppose I shouldn't be too hard on teenage humans, for all I know I might have been just as bad. "Now, try to have a good time and perhaps learn something?" Carlisle mouth quirked into a smile as he finished knowing that we all felt that after eight times through high school we had learnt it all. Carlisle looked too young to be our father but that's who he had become. He had been changed at the age of 23, later than us 'children', he was also a much older vampire having been turned nearly 350 years ago. The truth was with the exception of his wife Esme the rest of us had been turned as teenagers and teenagers we would remain for eternity or until we burnt in fire. "And of course if you need to leave at any time you can. I will be home all day if you need anything." Esme may not have given birth to any of us but it would be impossible for her to love us any more than she already did. "Don't worry we'll be fine." Emmett smiled at Esme and we turned speeding out the door towards the cars. Edward and Jasper jumped into the silver Volvo that was Edward's car while I hopped into Rose's sporty red car with her and Emmett. Right now I needed some space from Edward, if today was the day then we would soon become rivals then I wanted a bit of space between us. "It's no fun when you ride with us short stack. You race much better than Edward." "Oh god no. Not short stack you only just stopped calling me that, please Rose why did you let him watch Indiana Jones again?" "Sorry, but he earned it." She shrugged, changing gear smoothly and overtaking Edward on the corner. "Earned it how?" Emmett's face cracked into a giant grin. "Oh god no. I take it back I don't want to know." Emmett began laughing and satisfied smile slid across Rose's face, eww eww eww. I wrinkled my nose and sat back in my seat. Emmett and Rose glanced at each other, smiled and went back to staring out the window. Would Bella and I be like that? ' Mate?' The voice was soft, hopeful. 'Yes maybe today' and I felt her purr in response. God I hoped it was today. So far everything looked right but then everything had looked right the last two years. Still if it wasn't today then it had to be next year. Unless it wouldn't be until the next time we came to Forks. I shivered that would be at last 80 years from now. No it would be this year or next I would meet my mate. "Alice, are you purring?" I met Rose's surprised eyes in the rear-view mirror. I shrugged and grinned "can't a girl be excited about going back to school?" "No." Emmett started laughing again and didn't stop till we got out of the car. Edward pulled into the parking space beside us and we all start to walk towards the school. I stopped at the spot from my premonition. "Alice, why are you singing 'My humps'?" Edwards's voice was both curious and horrified. "It's strangely addictive. I'm going to hang around out here for a little bit, I'll catch up with you all later." The vision flashed lightning fast past my eyes as Edward decided to tell me he hated me blocking him. "And sometimes I hate you thinking you have a right to read my mind just because you can." He turned and stalked away towards school – moody bastard. Emmett grinned