Disclaimer: I own nothing in this marvelous universe, it all belongs to J.R.R. Tolkien and the lyrics used do not belong to me, either. A/N: Hey, everyone! I know it's been a while since I last posted any LotR fanfic, so I figured it's about time I got one out. I hope you enjoy it, it's the companion piece to Where Are You Christmas (not necessarily a sequel). Please R&R! ' Elvish' " Westron/Common Speech" /Thoughts/ Companion piece to Where Are You Christmas. .:When Hope Is Lost:. By Sentimental Star It was there. Smooth. Sacred. Holding far more meaning for the Elven prince than the Dwarf beside him could know. But the Orc knew. He could see it in the fell creature's eyes—the wicked delight, the insane joy, the exulted mockery. The Silvan Elf's eyes flashed with icy malice. He would have like nothing more than to shoot the brute where he lay, but that would be mercy. This beast deserved no mercy. Ripping the stone and wooden pendant out of the Orc's dreadful claws, Legolas flew to the cliff edge, the fear causing bile to rise in his throat. No. It was not possible. Aragorn could not have fallen. He would be hanging on for dear life to the rocky edge, balanced precariously over the raging waters of the river far below, but he would be alive. Legolas could pull him up and scold him for being reckless, tease him about his uncanny ability to attract danger, and hug him out of pure relief. But that was folly, the prince knew. Even before he reached the tip and had seen nothing but the angry river below, not even a torn piece of cloth to alert the Elf of his friend's whereabouts, he knew it was futile to hope. A low wail was loosed and it took nearly Legolas's entire strength not to crash to his knees. He did not bother listening, he would hear nothing. But the Men nearby were not as fortunate. While only having just met this Elf, they were nonetheless affected by hearing the beautiful being so openly express his grief, oblivious to the presence of the Men behind him who were counting dead and seeing to the wounded, oblivious to the several pairs of eyes on his back at any given time. No, he was aware of only one thing: Aragorn had fallen, and with him had gone Legolas's heart. His soul felt like it was torn to shreds. He felt dizzy from the enormity of the loss he had suffered. And it was not just his loss. The prince squeezed his eyes shut. Middle-Earth had lost a treasure, Elrond a son, the twins a brother, and . . . oh, Valar, Elrond! Legolas's hand tightened around the precious pendant. Hadn't he promised Elrond? Promised to ensure the Dúnadan's safe return home? He had failed then. But strangely, he could not bring himself to dwell on it. The void in his chest, in his soul, thwarted him from doing so. Whatever the extent of his failure, it held absolutely no weight in comparison with the utter grief he felt. The guilt would come soon enough, right now he could not focus on anything else. He was barely aware of Gimli as the Dwarf came to stand beside him. He was not even aware of King Théoden's footsteps as the Rohirrim came to join them. "I am sorry," the Man said softly. The Silvan Elf nodded, but could not tear his midnight eyes from the roaring rapids far below them, the icy waters that were his beloved friend's grave. Never again would he be able to pass this place, this river, without feeling nauseous, as if from poison. Never again would he walk these lands without feeling this heartache. Elves were not susceptible to illness, unlike the mortals around him, even so he was sick—heartsick. Unbidden, as he stepped forward out of his own volition and squeezed his eyes shut once more, the Sindarin cry was torn from his throat, from his very soul, 'THRIONDIL!' It echoed emptily back at him. All around and behind him, the Dwarf and the Men flinched, feeling as if their own hearts had been wrenched away from them, such was the power of the grief in Legolas's cry. All (except Gimli, of course) had given the prince a wide berth ever since he arrived in the company of the Man and the Dwarf, believing him to be some cold, unfeeling, untrustworthy, intimidating figure, and unable to understand why a Dwarf, and least of all, one of their own race, could feel so at ease with the Elf. Nor had they expected the warmth between the three. They could accept that closeness between the Elf and Dwarf; both were strange to them and consequently they paid no attention to either race's affairs. The relationship between Elf and Man, however, was quite a different matter. They would have to be blind not to see how very much the two meant to each other. It was evident that both were far closer to one another than most friends could ever hope to be; it even seemed the bond they shared was deeper and more intricate than the one they shared with the Dwarf—although that came in a very close second. While not understanding 'Thriondil,' nor even the extent of the love and devotion that particular nickname carried, they nonetheless sensed something very personal about the endearment. But that revelation could not be dwelt on, not even by Théoden. Sunset neared and he knew that more danger awaited them were they to stay here. "Get the wounded to horses," he commanded his men, turning from where he stood beside Gimli and Legolas on the cliff edge to face them. "The Wolves of Isengard will not remain idle. Leave the dead." He winced inwardly at how frightfully cruel that statement must have sounded to the stricken Elf. And indeed, as soon as that final command left the king's lips, Legolas snapped his head up and feeling suddenly faint, barely mustered a glare, which he promptly shot at the Rohirrim. Leave the dead? That meant leaving Aragorn! The prince found he could not swallow. His glare dropped. And tears burned at the back of his eyes. But he would not cry, not here. They were truly leaving Aragorn. Théoden shut his eyes tightly against the warrior's grief-etched countenance. A creature as life-loving and joyful as the Elf before him should never have to know such grief! Without his consent, an image of the Elf and the Future King tumbling down a slope together in a tangle of arms and legs, laughing, playfully wrestling, came to his mind. He had thought it odd at the time, but had to admit, even in the wake of Théodred's death, that it had lightened his heart some. And it had brought laughter and even hope back to the homes Edoras. But now…opening his sorrowful eyes, he briefly rested his hand on the Firstborn's shoulder, though, was unable to fully meet his gaze. "Come," he murmured, eyes reflecting just how sorry he was that such a tragedy had occurred, before turning away and walking back to the remaining Rohirrim Men. Slowly, Legolas turned his grief-darkened gaze to the raging water, pressing the pendant against its counterpart with a click, its intricate, completed design representing eternal friendship. Then he clasped the full circle tightly to his chest and bowed his blond head as a single tear slid down his cheek, its natural glow already slightly faded. 'Come back, Estel,' he choked. Only the Valar heard his heartfelt plea. oOoOoOoOoOo "So few, so few have returned!" Éowyn whispered as her uncle, Legolas, Gimli, and the few remaining Rohirrim Men halted in the cobble-stone courtyard of the Hornburg, searching for familiar faces, many of whom were no longer there. One in particular. "Our people are safe," Théoden answered her quietly with a forced, tiny smile. That fell a moment later as he murmured. "But only at a great price." He dismounted. She stepped up and gently grasped Arod's white mane. "Where is Lord Aragorn?" she inquired of the two beings on the horse's golden back. Legolas dropped his gaze, feeling tears once again rush to his eyes, slipping down from the steed's back and helping Gimli off. He could not answer, his composure was far too delicate. Éowyn felt her throat seize up. If the Elf was not meeting her gaze…She released the horse's mane, turning to Gimli, her voice taking on an almost frantic quality, "Surely he is with you?" The Dwarf struggled for words. "My lady…he fell." Éowyn took a step back, her face tightening, shaking her head. "No…" The Rohirrim shield maiden choked, looking to her uncle nearby who turned away. Legolas led the horse to the stables. As if in a nightmare, the Elven prince walked through the crowded passageways of Helm's Deep, looking around with unseeing eyes. Fate seemed particularly cruel on this day. The sky was overcast, gray, and clouds gathered over the Rohirrim stronghold, threatening rain. People shielded themselves against the cold wind, hurrying wherever they needed to go. And wherever his grief-darkened gaze fell, the men and women looked away. He supposed he must be hard to look at, especially for a people who did not and could not know how very deeply he felt this loss. Once at the stables, Legolas set about de-saddling and grooming Arod. If nothing else, it took his mind off of today's events. But he could not escape the images forever. "Daddy!" a small voice piped happily. "Mammy! Gram's back! Gram came home!" Legolas raised his head and watched, an invisible observer, as a young girl—no more than six, he would guess—tugged at a graying older Man's hand and at a slightly younger woman's hand, looking eagerly in the direction of the Hornburg's gates. The Elf observed as the older Man stiffened and the woman's hands flew to her mouth, released by the bouncy, joyful child as the small girl rushed forward and was scooped up into the arms of a dark-headed young Man. "Gram!" she giggled, putting her tiny arms around the youth's neck. Apparently, he was her older brother. The tall youth grinned and hugged her before flipping her upside down, holding her carefully and securely by her legs, and tickling her. "And how are you, Ms. Livvy? Hmm? Hmm?" Shrieks of childish laughter and happiness filled the air as the young girl tried to bat away her brother's hands. The young Man swung her back up into his arms and hugged her tightly as the child's laughter subsided. "'Tis good to see you, Livvy," he whispered. "'Tis good to see you ," their father spoke up, coming forward with his wife and embracing their two children. Then the Man stepped back and surveyed his son. Although Legolas could not see his face, he somehow felt the Man was smiling. As his mother let go of him and he let his little sister down, the youth turned to his father, concern in his voice, "Have you seen Jonathan, Father?" "Shall I go fetch him?" the older Man asked (Legolas believed) with another smile. "Nay, sir," a third male's voice entered the conversation, grin evident in his tone. Another shorter, lighter-haired young Man, appeared in the little group and bowed to the older Man. Before he had even straightened fully, the youth found himself smothered in an energetic hug from (presumably) his friend. "Jonathan!" the other young Man exclaimed. "You made it through! When we found your village…I'm so glad you are all right!" The youth laughed whole-heartedly, returning the hug just as tightly. "'Course I am, Gram! You expected anything less? Someone needs to save your neck—which you continually insist upon risking!" His friend released him with a chuckle, swatting playfully at the other's head. "Says who? If I recall correctly, 'tis you who usually needs the rescuing!