Name: Kayla Paterson Age: 34 years old but looks 21 years old Hair: Mid-back wavy dirty blonde Eyes: Honey gold Height: 5'10 Mate: Charlie Swan Occupation: Doctor Species: Immortal Power: Control of water Name: Kira Paterson Age: 17 years old Hair: Mid-back layered blonde Eyes: Green Height: 5'7'' Mate: Edward Mason Occupation: High School Species: Immortal Power: Healing Finally we made it to our new home in Forks Washington, mom got a great job opportunity at the hospital there and I will be finished with school in two years. I pulled into the driveway of our new home behind my mother's SUV. I got out of my car and looked at our new home with a smile towards mom who was grinning, I glanced across the street and saw a cop cruiser sitting in it's driveway. "Come on Kira let's move all our things into the house." mom called, I nodded and started unloading my luggage. The house came fully furnished so we didn't have to buy new furniture, I walked through the house looking for my bedroom and couldn't be more happier with it. I found mom's room first then mine, I am so excited I finally get my own bathroom. I quickly unpacked my luggage before going to mom's room and sitting on her bed watching her unpack her things. Mom and I have always had a close relationship, I just hoped she found her mate soon, I wanted mom to be happy. "We are going to be happy here Kira I can feel it." mom said, I smiled up at her. Mom got pregnant with me on Senior prom night, I met my birth father once but never saw him again because he got into drugs real bad. Mom never dated since then. "I believe you are right mom." I said before going to the kitchen and looking around there was no food in the house meaning we would have to eat out tonight then mom would grocery shop tomorrow after work since I have school. I went into my room and started getting my purse and book bag ready for tomorrow. I quickly plugged my laptop up to a charger on my desk in my bedroom, then showered and changed for bed before getting into bed and falling asleep. I woke the next morning made my bed, dressed, straightened my hair, grabbed my purse and book bag before going to eat breakfast. Mom was already gone for her shift, after eating I cleaned up then left to go to school. I pulled into the school, everyone stopped and stared at my car, I grabbed my purse taking out my wallet, and cellphone then put them into my book bag also placing my keys in there as well. I got out of my car and looked around. I saw a group of vegetarian vampires standing there watching me, the blonde woman looked at my car in a dreamy trance. "Hi there, I'm Kira Paterson." I said holding my hand out to the gorgeous bronze haired man, he looked stunned, I knew he is mate. He grabbed my hand and kissed my knuckles sending a shiver down my back. "Edward Mason" he said, I smiled at him and looked at the others. "I'm Alice Brandon" a pixie girl said, she was standing next to a honey blonde male. "Jasper Whitlock ma'am" the honey blonde male said in a southern twang. "I'm Emmett McCarthy" the big burly man said, he was standing next to the blonde female who was still staring at my car dreamily. "I'm Rosalie Hale, do you mind if I check out your car? I always wanted one." the blonde female asked, I smiled at her. "Go right ahead." I said handing her my car keys. She hugged me shocking me and her family before she rushed off happily and checked my car over. "Where did you get that car?" Emmett asked watching Rosalie happily as she smiled. "My mom bought it for me on my 16th birthday, I worked for months to get it fixed. Since I know nothing about fixing cars, I had to pay someone else to do it, but it was well worth it." I said watching the joy on Rosalie's face, I looked up at Edward with a grin, he smiled a crooked smile back at me. "What did you do to earn that kind of money?" Alice asked, I looked over at her and smiled. "I wrote and sold songs, they pay great especially if they give them to an artist that later sings it." I said with a giggle. "Wow really?" Edward asked staring at me in shock. "Yes, my mother was so proud when she heard a song I wrote on the radio." I said grinning then sighed when the bell rang, Rosalie handed me my keys, I grinned at her then walked off to the office to get my schedule and map. Once I got everything I went to my first class only to find Edward, Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie in there. "Hi, what is your name?" the teacher asked when I handed her the paper to sign. "Kira Paterson" I said she nodded and looked around the classroom. "Well I'm Ms. Henderson, have a seat next to Mr. Mason." she said, I nodded, walked back to Edward and sat down in the seat next to him. I grinned at him as he smirked. Throughout the day I found out that Edward was in all my morning classes as were some of the others. At lunch I sat with them and talked about everything we could think of but we never told each other our secrets. After lunch I found Edward was in the rest of my classes which made me happy. At the end of the day I walked up behind Edward and ran my hand across his shoulders and down to his ass giving it a good squeeze. "That's nice" I whispered in his ear, making him stop in shock and the girls giggling behind their hands at the look on his face. "See you guys tomorrow" I said giggling at the still shocked Edward. I drove home and saw mom was home which was odd since she didn't get off until 8 P.M. "Mom I'm home" I called, she came around the corner all smiles. "We need to talk baby girl" she said before walking into the living room, I followed her and sat next to her. "What's going on mom?" I asked she smiled real big. "You know that cop that lives across the street from us?" she asked, I looked at her and nodded. "Well his name is Charlie Swan and he is the Chief of Police and he is my mate. I met him today at work and we are going out on a date Friday night." she said looking at me like she was waiting for me to get angry. "That's great mom, I have my own news. I also met my mate today but he is a vegetarian vampire as is the rest of his family. His name is Edward Mason and he is in all my classes." I said, mom squealed and hugged me tightly to her. "I told you we were going to be happy here. Let's have a dinner Saturday, so we can explain everything to them and change them." she said, I nodded with a smile. I watched as she went into the kitchen to start on dinner, so I went to my room, I text Rosalie and told her about the dinner which they agreed to and then started on my homework. After that was done I went down to eat with mom, then went to my room and changed for my workout. Once dressed I went into the basement where mother had set up a workout room for me, I started then 3 hours later covered in sweat I went to my bedroom, showered, dressed for bed, then went to sleep. I woke the next morning, did my morning routine then dressed for school, grabbed a pop tart then raced out of the house since I was a little behind. I pulled into the school and saw Edward and my new friends waiting on me. I got out of my car and walked over to them. "Hey guys. How was your night?" I asked smiling as I leaned into Edward's chest, I could hear him growl in pleasure. "It was good, boring." Emmett said with a sigh, I smiled at him. "Well mom wanted a dinner get together Saturday and Charlie Swan will be there just to warn you." I said grinning at the shocked expressions on their faces. "Everything will be explained Saturday." I added before going to my class but not before Edward grabbed my butt, I turned and winked at him making him smile. I sat down in my desk and started my assignment then gave my homework before sitting back down in my chair. I looked up when a note was laid on my desk, I unfolded it and read it. Will you go out on a date with me on Friday night? Edward I quickly wrote yes on the note and sent it back. I had a smile on my face for the rest of the day, and throughout the rest of the day Edward kept touching me. I got home changed into my workout clothes and started working out, then showered, changed into bed clothes before eating, homework, then went to bed. Once everything was done and cleaned up I went to bed. When I work up I got ready for school then picked out my date clothes for tonight then left for school. I smiled when I saw Edward, before going over to him and kissed him on the cheek before talking to Rose who told me to call her that. The rest of the day passed with little touches and kisses from Edward plus getting glares from two girls who thought they were gods gift to men. I went home to find my mother already there and getting ready for her date with Charlie. I went into my room, showered then dressed for my own date. I sat down on the couch to wait for Edward, I smiled as my mother came down the stairs. "Wow mom you look great." I said with a smile, mom looked over at me and grinned. "Thank you sweetie, you look nice too where you off to?" she asked sitting next to me. "Edward is taking me out on a date not sure what he has planned." I said laughing she giggled at me. "You still take your birth control right?" mom asked, I looked over at her with a grin. "Yes ma'am, I even have condoms too." I said smiling, she nodded. Mom always wanted me to be careful so when I started getting my period she got me on birth control as well just to be on the safe side, she didn't want me to be a teen single mother like she was. I heard a knock on the door so I went and answered it, it was an older gentleman. "Hi there, come on in. I'm Kira" I said he grinned at me and shook my hand. "Charlie Swan, is your mother ready?" he asked, I looked over at him with a grin. "Yes sir. Mom, Mr. Swan is here." I called, Charlie looked shocked at the manners I had. "Call me Charlie hun." he said, I smiled at him and nodded. I opened the door again when there was another knock. Edward stood there in jeans, and a white button shirt. Mom came around the corner. "Mom this is Edward, Edward my mom Kayla." I introduced them, Edward shook my mother's hand then Charlie's. Edward put his hand gently on my lower back ushering me to his car then held my door open and helping