Name: Amberlyn 'Amber' Grace Swan Age: 18 years old Hair: Mid-back curly chocolate brown hair Eyes: Lilac Height: 5'8'' Body: 36D chest, slender yet toned, 4 pack abs, hot tamale ass, hourglass figure, full pouty lips, belly button ring, and the Whitlock crest tattoo over heart. Species: Immortal Power: Angelic Light Mate: Jasper Whitlock Car: Before marriage/ 2007 dark red Chevy Corvette Convertible. After kids start to arrive/ 2011 Teal Ford Escape. Home: During Senior year of High School/ Forks, Washington After College/ Houston, Texas. Occupation: Songwriter Training/Hobbies: Cooking, baking, hunting, fishing, martial arts, guitar, piano, violin, sings, gymnastics, medicinal herbs, medical, swimming, reading, drawing, 4-wheeling, camping, smoking, drinking. Name: Isabella 'Bella' Marie Swan Age: 18 years old Hair: Mid-back layered wavy dark brown hair Eyes: Lilac Height: 5'5'' Body: 36C chest, slender yet toned, heart shape ass, 4 pack abs, hourglass figure, full pouty lips, belly button ring, and the Mason crest over heart. Species: Immortal Power: Mental/physical shield Mate: Edward Mason Car: Before marriage/ 2007 light blue Volkswagen convertible beetle. After kids start to arrive/ 2011 gray Ford Explorer. Home: During Senior year of High School/ Forks Washington. After College/ Chicago, Illinois. Occupation: Teacher Training/Hobbies: Cooking, baking, martial arts, gymnastics, piano, sings, swimming, reading, medicinal herbs, medical. "Let's go freak shows" mom yelled, I growled under my breath before grabbing my suitcases and loading them into Phil's car. Phil is our step father and Renee is our mother, they were both scared of my twin sister Isabella and I because of our lilac eyes but Phil never tried to hurt us mentally or physically. Bella and I decided to leave Renee and Phil and finish our last year of high school in Forks Washington. Let me introduce myself; my name is Amberlyn Grace Swan but I prefer to be called Amber, I am 18 years old and I am the older twin. Isabella Marie Swan is my younger twin sister but she prefers to be called Bella. We are both immortal's, we don't know how that happened since neither of our parents are immortal. Renee has always hated us and hated our dad Charlie since he refused to get rid of us and leave Forks, so she decided to keep my sister and I away from our dad to hurt him and us because we wouldn't bend to her will. Our father has always loved us and we adored him, Renee tried to abuse us but our grandma Marie protected us and put us in martial art classes and any other class that interested us at the time so Bella and I master quite a few things. Grandma knew she didn't have much time so she wanted to make sure we could protect ourselves whether it be fighting back or future jobs. When grandma passed away 2 years ago she left her fortune to Bella and I, leaving us both $16 billion each, she even made it where Renee couldn't touch our money ever and she even left Renee $3 million which is already gone. Bella and I will be able to get to our accounts once we get back to Forks. The conditions to getting our inheritance was to go to Forks at 18 years old or we couldn't have it until we were 21 years old. "Let's go Isabella" I heard pulling me out of my thoughts, I looked up at my sister who was dragging her bags to the car and glaring at Renee. I smiled at Bella and helped her put her bags into the trunk. I stood next to the car and waited until Bella got in then I followed her, we talked quietly to each other. "Amber what are we going to do when we get to dad's?" Bella asked as we were bent closer to each other so Renee wouldn't hear what was being said. "We will see dad, unpack, ask dad to take us to a car dealership, buy our dream cars, shopping for new clothes, shop for school supplies, shop for new electronics, and maybe get us a pet." I said earning a smile from Bella, she nodded at me happy with my plans. I looked up to see Renee glaring at me, I smirked at her before lighting a cigarette and blowing the smoke at her. "You should really respect your mother Amberlyn." Phil scolded making me and Bella snort at him. "If she was actually a mother I would, but she has not earned that title let alone any respect from us." I said, I always liked Phil but he refused to open his eyes when it came to Renee so I left him a little surprise in his office. I had placed hidden cameras throughout the house recording all of Renee's mistreatment of Bella and I. Phil never heard Renee say a cross word to us or knew that Bella and I did all the housework on top of getting straight A's, our jobs, martial art classes, and music lessons. Bella and I got jobs to avoid going home plus we paid the bill until Phil came into the picture then we started saving all the money we made. "Amber did dad say how he was going to get both of us into that small bedroom comfortably?" Bella asked, I smiled and looked at her. What Bella didn't know is that grandma sent dad $4 million to expand his house for both Bella and I to have our own bedrooms and bathrooms, which dad did. Both Bella's and my bedrooms are on the 1st floor and he added three new bedrooms on the 2nd floor because he has been dating a 32 year old woman named Elena Witherson, and they both wanted to become immortal and I agreed to change them. Dad wanted more kids and I believe Elena is perfect for dad and she adores Bella and I, our eyes don't seem to bother her. Dad has at least $3.8 million left over so he could take care of his new family since he knew Bella and I could take care of ourselves. "Grandma Marie took care of that a year before she passed away, I didn't know about this until a week ago when I told dad when we were coming. Grandma had sent dad $4 million to expand his house for us and he did giving both of us our own bedrooms and bathrooms on the 1st floor. He even added three bedrooms and two new bathrooms on the 2nd floor for when Elena and he have more kids." I said smiling at the grin that spread across Bella's face. "We will need to ask dad and Elena if they mind if we got dogs." I added, Bella nodded then looked out the window when she felt the car stop, I got out and grabbed a suitcase trolly and brought it over to Phil's car and helped Bella and Phil unload our suitcases. "Thanks Phil, I left something for you in your top drawer in your desk." I whispered hugging him, he hugged me back and nodded. We pulled apart and he hugged Bella, I stared at Renee, I shook my head and headed with Bella into the airport to catch our plane. Once we made sure our luggage would arrive in Forks, I sent a text to dad letting him know we were getting on the plane, Bella and I made our way to our seats and relaxed for the first time in a very long time. Bella and I talked about our shopping trip and since neither one of us really like shopping we decided to get all of our shopping done tonight so we don't have to worry about it for the rest of the year. The plane finally arrived two hours later and it was only 8 o'clock in the morning so we had plenty of time to get everything done, Bella and I decided to go ahead to the paint store so dad could paint our rooms while we were shopping for our furniture and everything else. I sent a text to dad letting him know we landed and were headed to baggage claim where I also told him of Bella and my plan, he agreed to paint our bedrooms while we shopped and Elena volunteered to help him. Once we got all of our suitcases, we walked to the lobby looking for our dad, when he came into view Bella took off hugging him, I smiled as I put the trolly near us then hugged dad when Bella released him. Then we both hugged Elena who was smiling at the three of us. "Alright girls let's go to the paint store then you girls can go to the car dealership across the street while Elena and I paint your rooms so they are ready when you get home. Elena and I will take your suitcases home." dad said making Bella, Elena, and I smile at dad's take charge attitude. We loaded dad's cruiser up with our luggage then we all piled in the car and going to the paint store. "I would like my room to have white panels." Bella said as dad nodded and grabbed what he needed to take care of Bella's room. "I think I would like my room to be painted a greenish blue." I said looking at the color with Elena who nodded with a grin. I knew what they were doing, dad would take care of Bella's room while Elena took care of mine. "Hey dad how would you feel if Bella and I wanted to get a pet?" I asked when we were done shopping for paint and we sat down to eat breakfast together. "I don't mind as long as you girls took care of them and cleaned up their messes." dad said then looked at Elena who looked thoughtful. "I agree with Charlie, I don't care if you want to get pets as long as you take care of them and clean up after them." she said, Bella squealed before launching herself across the table at them, I dodged out of her way so she wouldn't hit me. We all laughed at her then ate our food while we talked about our lives with mom; dad and Elena were not happy about the stories at all. "Alright girls text us when your on your way home so we can make sure your rooms are done. Be careful." Dad said after we finished eating, we hugged them and promised we would be careful. We watched as dad and Elena drove away, I smiled at Bella before we walked across the street to the dealership and started looking around for Bella's car first. "AMBER I FOUND IT" Bella squealed, I looked up at her since I was looking at an SUV, I walked over to her and smiled at the 2007 light blue Volkswagen convertible beetle. "It's perfect for you" I said looking it over, Bella smiled hugely as a greasey looking man came over and was trying to take advantage of Bella who quickly shut him up and talked to the manager, I grinned as the man took Bella into the office to sign the paperwork. I walked off to find my dream car, after 10 minutes Bella found me and we started looking together, I finally found my dream car a 2007 dark red Chevy Corvette convertible. I walked into the office to sign the papers, once the papers were signed I pulled out my wallet to pay for it. "Come on Amber let's go to the electronic store, I want to update my phone, get an Ipod, and new laptop." Bella said once our cars were ready for us to take, I nodded then jumped into my car and followed Bella's. I go out of my car and followed Bella into the store. I found everything I wanted in the first 5 minutes and took care of