My name is Serenity Uley, I am the half sister of the Alpha pack leader on the Quilutte reservation. I have not seen my brother since I was four years old, my mother took me in the middle of the night without my fathers knowledge. You see my parents were never married, my father always wanted a daughter since he already had two sons, Sam and Embry, when my mother became pregnant with me he was so excited to learn he was finally going to have a little girl. They had a written, legal agreement that she would have no contact with me since she didn't want to keep me, they both signed the agreement. On the day she took me, she noticed that I was playing with my brothers and some of their friends when I attacked Paul Lahote for throwing rocks at Embry and hitting him in the eye. Billy Black had said that I was a natural fighter. So my mother thought that if she had me trained she could make money off of me by making me fight in the underground circuit. My mother put me in every martial arts, self defense, and gymnastics class she could find. When I was twelve I had my first match which I won and every match after wards. All I wanted was to get back home to my father and brothers, when I turned sixteen I ran away and have been running ever since. I just started working in Angela's diner/bar as a waitress and singer, I may look tough but I am by no means mean unless you piss me off. I looked up as the door chimed as new customers came through the doors, they looked like Quilutte boys. "Hi, my name is Serenity Uley. What can I get you to drink?" I asked as I pulled out my ticket pad and waited, I finally looked up at them and noticed they were all staring at me. "Three cokes and two orders of cheese sticks" one said his eyes looked familiar. "Coming right up" I said as I made my way to the kitchen, I noticed one of them pulling out his phone. Sam's POV: I was sitting at my kitchen table talking to my brother and father when my phone rang, I looked at the ID and it said Paul. "Hello" I watched as Emily started dinner and smiled. "Sam get Embry and your father and get your asses to Angela's bar now" he said then hung up when I heard the waitress came to their table with drinks. "Guys, Paul said we need to get to Angela's bar, he sounded excited." I said they nodded, we got into my truck and raced to the bar. We found them sitting at a table close to the stage. "What is so important we had to hurry here?" I asked as I stared at Paul. "Just wait you would have believed me if I told you over the phone." he said with a look on his face that said 'you are going to love this'. That is when Angela came to the stage to announce the next act. Angela is Jacob Blacks imprint so everyone knew her and loved her. "Ladies and Gentleman our very own siren, Serenity Uley" I jumped out of my seat along with my father and brother with shocked expressions. I watched the girl walk up to the microphone and you could tell she had a hard life. Her eyes connected she smiled sweetly at me. I watched as her eyes caught dad's and Embry's and a tear ran down her cheek. Her long black hair is pulled back into a pony tail, her body is toned and muscular from working out, and her blue eyes shined brightly. I knew she was my sister right away because no one else from any tribe has ever had brilliant blue eyes like my sister does. She turned her head to the band and nodded. I can take the rain on the roof of this empty house That don't bother me I can take a few tears now and then And just let them out I'm not afraid to cry Every once in a while even though goin'on With you gone still upsets me There are days Every now and again I pretend I'm okay But that's not what gets me What hurts the most Was being so close And having so much to say And watching you walk away Never knowing What could have been And not seein'that lovin'you Is what I was tryin'to do It's hard to deal with the pain Of losing you everywhere I go But I'm doin'it It's hard to force that smile when I See our old friends and I'm alone Still harder Gettin'up, gettin'dressed Livin'with this regret But I know if I could do it over I would trade, give away all the words That I saved in my heart That I left unspoken What hurts the most Was being so close And having so much to say And watching you walk away Never knowing What could have been And not seein'that lovin'you Is what I was tryin'to do I'm not afraid to cry Every once in a while even though goin'on With you gone still upsets me There are days Every now and again I pretend I'm okay But that's not what gets me What hurts the most Was being so close And having so much to say And watching you walk away Never knowing What could have been And not seein'that lovin'you Is what I was tryin'to do What hurts the most Was being so close And having so much to say And watching you walk away Never knowing What could have been And not seein'that lovin'you Is what I was tryin'to do Serenity's POV: After my song was over I went to the back and breathed a sigh of relief, I was never good with preforming on stage. I grabbed my tray and walked over to the table where all of the Quiluette's sat and smiled at them. "Hi I'm Serenity Uley, What can I get the rest of you to drink?" I asked, but I was shocked when the elder gentleman stood and hugged me tightly to him, I dropped my tray in the process. "My baby finally came home." he whispered, I backed up a little and stared at him not understanding. Then it hit me, I was staring at the only people that ever loved me. "Daddy?" I asked, when he nodded I jumped into his arms and held him tight, I looked up when someone cleared their throat. "Hey baby sister. It has been a long time" I smiled at him, and hugged him. "I have missed you Sammy, and you too Embry" I said as I hugged them as tight as I could. "Let me guess that makes you Paul" I said to the man that grabbed his phone after I left the table. "Yeah it is good to see you again." he said as he got up and hugged me. "Thank you" I whispered to him. "For what?" he asked pulling back a little. "For calling my family and letting them know where I was." I said then looked up as the door chimed, when I looked at my mother and my old manager I became angry. "Guys I have to get back to work then I will come to the reservation and try to find a home there." I said, they all nodded when they heard the tone in my voice. "Oh I will go get your food as well" I added then took off to the kitchen. I served my brother and his group, as I walked away from his table Jim, my old manager, grabbed my arm. "Serenity it is time to come back to the circuit." he hissed at me and I glared at him. "I will never go back to the circuit go find another meal ticket" I hissed back. By this time I was flanked by my new family. "Serenity baby come home mommy will make it all better." My mother said to me while stroking my cheek. "Sandra you will take your hand away from me before you lose it. You touch me again your dead" I said then walked away only to be grabbed around my waist by Jim. I turned quickly kneeing him in the gut then punching him in the face. "I told you I will NOT go back. I am over twenty one years old you no longer have a say over me. Both of you can go to hell." I yelled then left the bar with my family following me. "Serenity we have a lot to catch up on. Come home with us baby girl" my father said I nodded. I jumped on my motorcycle and followed them to Sam's place. When I stopped I looked around and noticed a young woman standing at the door waiting for us, Sam ran to her and hugged her tight. "Serenity met my wife Emily, Emily my baby sister Serenity." he said, I smiled at her and went to shake her hand but she rushed me and hugged me tightly. "Welcome home Serenity, I hope you can stay with us for a while." she said. "Yeah, I would love to. Plus I have nowhere else to go, and being a shifter makes it difficult to stay in one place." I said as I looked around, I heard a gasp I turned and my brother's and father had their mouths open and staring at me in shock. "I think it is time we find out what happened to you" dad said, I nodded and followed them to the living room and sat down. "Well it started right after that fight I got into with Paul for throwing rocks at Embry. Sandra saw everything, she noticed that I was a natural fighter so around midnight she snuck into my room and took me. I woke up in a hotel room in Florida and I cried. I wanted my dad and my brother's. Sandra hated the crying so she began beating me. She threw me in every martial arts, self defense, and gymnastics class she could find. I excelled in every class of course so when I turned twelve she started putting me in matches in the underground fighting circuit, I won every match which made her wealthy. Then she met Jim, he became my manager, things got worse, they were beating me, starving me, wouldn't let me go to school, and they forced me to train constantly. When I turned sixteen I ran, I was making my way back home. I worked, finished school, and I finally made it here. I phased the first time about fifty miles away, I had no idea what was going on but then I remembered the legends and was able to phase back." I said looking at the ground, I heard my brother's growl as my father wrapped me in his arms and held me tight. "It is alright now little one you are home now" dad said and I smiled at him. I looked up as Sam's phone rang. "Hello" "Sam we are needed at the Cullen's, the voultorri is after Nessie" I stared at him with determined eyes. "Alright we will be there and I'm bringing a new pack member." he said smiling at me and I nodded. "Just make sure he doesn't attack my family, god still not use to that" Sam chuckled then hung up the phone. "Come on little sister let's see what you got" Embry said smiling, we stood and walked to the door I kissed dad on the cheek and phased into a pure whit wolf with blue eyes. We raced to the Cullen's place when we got there I hid behind a tree and changed into some clothes. We walked