I laughed as my mother tried to lasso a horse but failed, my mother is more of a house wife so she had no idea how to run a farm without father. My father was at the doctors getting checked out, he had been complaining about his chest hurting and I finally convinced him to go. I grabbed the rope from my mother and caught the horse with the lasso, and roped him in. I brought the horse into the stable and started cleaning him, he was the last horse that needed brought in before the storm hit. I smiled when I heard father's truck pull up, I ran to the front of the house and lost my smile when I saw the serious look on his face. "Father what is it?" I asked, he looked at me and pulled me into a hug. "Get your mother and come to the study my child." he whispered, I nodded and watched as he went inside looking down at the floor, I had never seen my father the strongest man I ever knew look so defeated. I turned and went back to the stables to find mother who was now giving Misty a carrot. "Momma, father wants us to meet him in the study." I whispered she looked at me then nodded. We went into the house and headed upstairs to the study. I knocked on the door. "Come in child." I heard then walked in and sat down in a chair across from his desk. "Dear what is it?" mom said as she sat next to me. "I have a heart disease that will kill me by the end of next month, so I don't have much time left. I already set everything up with my lawyers and the oil company." he said then handed me the papers, I felt my eyes well up with tears as I looked at the legal documents. I started crying harder when I saw he was leaving everything to me, but I knew my father was leaving me for good. "Papa there has to be something they or I can do for you." I said through my tears and I saw mother on the floor crying and staring at the medical report on father, he stood and hugged me tightly to his chest. "I'm afraid not child, I let it go on too long unchecked. I am already too old for this life my dear. I never wanted to live forever, but I thank god every day for you and your mother. You are my one reason to live as long as I have already. You are a strong girl, we have taught you everything you needed to survive and run this farm on your own until your soul mate arrives. You are smart, beautiful, caring, loving, and enjoy helping others. You are my ray of sunshine, I am so proud of you my dear." he whispered, looking down on me. "Your father is right baby girl, you are a bright girl, you can do anything you set your mind to." mother said as she glanced out the window to the clinic I was having built. I nodded and looked into their eyes, knowing after father passed on it wouldn't be long before mother joined him then I would truly be alone. I stood from my chair and went into my bedroom, I loved my home it is 125,000 sq ft., father had built it from the ground up. The basement he designed himself for guys night it has; a 1,513 sq ft. pantry, 15 shelves screwed into the wall for games, a 500 sq ft. liquor cabinet, a 1,000 sq ft. linen closet, 4 deep freezers, a poker table, a washer/dryer with a counter next to the dryer, a 800 sq ft. security room full of TVs and computers, a couch, and a TV. I smiled as I thought about how mother used to tell me that the rest of the house was her idea. The kitchen it's self is a dream; L shaped counters with a sink on each side, an L shaped island with built in stove and cutting board with 8 bar stools around the island, a deep freezer next to the back door that leads to an outdoor kitchen. My father had carved our dinning room table which is large enough to sit 20 people, there is a 10 ft. cherry oak table next to the front door where we keep our family pictures, next to the table in the at least 1,000 sq ft. cleaning supply closet that has a bolt above the door in case children are running around. The living room has a plush tan couch matching loveseat and two recliners with a cherry oak coffee table and matching end tables. A white marble fireplace with a 42'' TV mounted above it. The upstairs mother and father worked together designing. A large master bedroom that is 250 sq ft. with a cherry oak four poster bed with matching dresser, chest at the foot of the bed, a lingerie chest in the corner of the room, a black leather couch, and a 42'' TV mounted on the wall. A large 150 sq ft luxury bathroom with a spa tub, shower, L shape counter with his/her sinks on either side of it, and a linen closet. A large walk-in closet with his/her side with three drawers built in on each side. A nursery attached to the master bedroom that fits 4 cribs, a changing table, dresser, and rocking chair. 3 bedrooms that could fit 4 queen size beds but had four double size beds in them for future children, with 2 nightstands for each bed, a dresser each, a large walk-in closets but divided into sections, and a large bathroom with luxury tub, shower, and L shaped counter with two sinks on each side. A 500 sq ft Library with a couch. A spare full bathroom, the study is 600 sq ft., there is a 1,000 sq ft. Game room with a dark brown leather couch, a 42'' TV mounted on the wall, a 40 ft. desk with 5 computers on it, a cabinet with 10 shelves for extra game controllers, cabinet with 8 shelves for game consoles, and a large cabinet with 15 shelves for games and movies. A 1,200 sq ft. play room with two tan plush couch, a 32'' TV mounted on the wall, two chests filled with toys and paper and crayons, and an L shaped 15 shelf bookcase. I looked over our property from my bedroom window and smiled sadly knowing I had to work the 1,000 acre farm land. We had 10 horses in their own pin; 10 sheep, 5 cows, 2 bulls, 10 goats, and 15 lambs in the same pin. 10 turkeys in their own pin, 15 Geese in their own pin, 15 ducks in their own pin, 15 chickens in their own pin, and 10 pigs in their own pin. An 18,000 sq ft garden full of vegetables, a 20,000 sq ft fruit trees and bushes. A 3,000 sq ft firewood storage building next to the house. A 30,000 sq ft kids play area, a 148,000 sq ft farm equipment storage building where I also keep 4 four-wheelers, a 16,000 sq ft green house. My Clinic would be a 128,000 sq ft. building with a front desk and 10 chairs and a coffee table for the waiting room; 6 rooms, a surgical room, x-ray room, a pharmacy, a records room, two store rooms, an office, and a nursery. Tears started falling from my eyes again knowing what my parents are going to miss out on; me meeting my soul mate, getting married, having children, succeeding in my clinic, and enjoying life. I looked up as my door opened to reveal my father. He sat on my bed and patted the spot next to him, I sat down next to him as tears continued to fall. "Sydney, life is about to get very stressful for you with running the farm, your clinic, the oil business, and dealing with your aunt and uncle. I know you can survive this I raised you to be a strong woman and strong in business. I love you baby girl and I will always be with you." he whispered weakly putting his arm around my shoulders. "I know father, I don't want to go on without you or mom. You know she will find a way to join you in the afterlife leaving me alone. I love you too father and I will try to take care of everything and make you proud." I said looking up at him trying to be strong for him. "You already make me proud." he whispered hugging me tight. Two months later: "Father, uncle Harold is on the phone again asking for money." I said walking into the master bedroom and noticed father was asleep. "He will call you back later Harold he is resting." I said hanging up before he could demand respect again. I walked over to the bed and sat gently on the edge and stared at him for a moment then realized he wasn't breathing. I jumped up and started checking for a pulse and tried to get him to breath again but he was already gone. "NOOOOO!" I screamed collapsing on his chest crying, I heard mother running up the stairs and stared at the scene. "Momma, he's gone I tried but he's gone" I said through my wails, mom collapsed on the floor crying. I stood up and called an ambulance to get his body. "911 what's your emergency?" the operator asked, I wiped my eyes. "Yes I need an ambulance my father just passed away." I said sniffling and looked over to see my mother cuddled up to my father crying. "Are you sure dear?" she asked. "Yes I am a doctor, I tried all I could to revive him but he had a heart disease." I said through my tears. "They are on their way." she said then the line disconnected. I sighed and sat hard on the ground in the corner and cried. I looked over to the door as I heard feet running through the house. "Miss? Where is your father's body?" the corner asked I looked over at the bed where father still laid. "Momma come on" I said pulling my mother off my father, she held onto me and cried as we watched them wheel father's body out. I started planning the funeral while mom packed all hers and fathers belongings, only keeping a few outfits for herself. I knew why she was doing it, she was helping me get ready to live on my own. One week later: "Momma it's time to go." I called up the stairs. I wore tight black size 3 dress pants, a black blouse that is tight across my size C breasts, and black high heels. I had pulled my mid-back length dark brown hair with natural blond highlights up into a ponytail, and black eyeliner around my ice blue eyes. I smiled softly at my mother as she walked down the stairs in a black summer dress, black heels, and her blond hair left flowing free, her green eyes looked so sad and defeated. "Let's go we also need to go to the lawyer right? After the funeral?" she asked as we jumped into father's 1985 dodge pick up truck, but it was still in great condition. "Yes Uncle Harold and Aunt Marsha are suppose to be there as well." I commented as we pulled away from our home. We rode in silence the rest of the way. We arrived and got out of the truck, I looked around and glared at my disrespectful aunt and uncle. My aunt wore a slutty red short dress with ridiculously high heels, and my uncle wore a white suit. "Come on dear" mom said