Name: Cora Swan Age: 20 years old Hair: Mid-back curly brown Eyes: Light blue Height: 5'9'' Species: Immortal Power: Elemental/witch Mate: Paul Lahote/construction worker Car: 2012 Dodge Ram 1500 in pacific blue Occupation: Physical/message therapists Guitar/sings I just pulled into La Push after driving for 4 hours, I just graduated from college and I can't wait to see all my friends again. I decided to see Billy Black and Jacob first before going home to my dad Charlie. I pulled into Billy's driveway smiling when he opened the door and stared at my truck. I jumped out and ran to him, I fell to my knees and hugged my second father. "Cora? Good lord girl. It is good to see you." he said holding me tightly to him. "It is so good to see you too uncle Billy." I said smiling up at him. "You have grown into a beautiful woman baby girl. So how is college life?" he asked once we were settled in his living room. "Over thank god, I graduated a week ago, getting my physical therapy degree along with my message therapists degree, culinary degree, baker degree, art degree, and beautician degree those only took me a year each. I was given a permit to make house calls for those who can't get to the hospital where I will be working." I said with a smile, Billy looked so happy for me. "Dad whose truck is that?" I looked over as Jake came into the house as he played with his cell phone. "Hello Jacob." I said smirking when his head shot up. "CORA" he yelled running at me, he leapt in my lap and hugged me tightly. "Good lord boy your getting too big for that." I said laughing with Billy, I looked up when the front door burst open, I stood so quickly that Jake ended up on the floor and I was ready to defend Billy and Jake. Three large men stood in the doorway shaking and looking around for danger. I stood up straight when I saw Jared standing there. I grew up on the reservation so I knew all the guys but hadn't been home since I left for college but still talked to them all. "Jared?" I asked as I helped Jake off the ground, Jared looked at me the look on his face turned from confusion to shock. I smiled at him as he hugged me tightly to him. "Cora is finally home" he said grinning I laughed at him then hugged Sam, I looked over to Paul who was looking me over, I smirked at him when he finally looked into my eyes. Everything shifted, I stared at him then moved forward and hugged him tightly to me, I had always had a crush on him but didn't want to ruin our friendship. Paul put his arms around me tightly. "So how long are you here for this visit?" Jared asked, I looked over at him and smiled. "I'm home for good Jared, I graduated, have a job lined up starting next week, and I can even make house calls." I said grinning as everyone yelled in excitement. "Well since you are home we have somethings to tell you baby girl but can't be repeated to anyone." Billy said, I looked over at him then sat down on the couch where all my friends surrounded me. Jake had left two hours ago. I listened as Billy told me the legends again but also told me they were all true, I watched as Paul phased in the backyard, they told me about imprinting, and that Paul imprinted on me. "Wow that is awesome, I guess I need to tell you the truth about me then. I am what is known as an immortal witch and my main power are all the elements. I am not dangerous and I have full control of my gifts and I'm fully trained to fight. I am actually faster, stronger, and have better heightened senses than vampires, I can do spells including making your clothes disappear when you phase and reappear when you turned back so you don't have to worry about ruining anymore clothes. I can even change you all into immortals; making you faster, stronger, better heightened senses, and better control of you phases. Other than that I am human." I said they all stared at me for a little while. "How did you end up as an immortal?" Jared asked, they looked at me and I smiled. "I don't really know, I think it has something to do with my genes since I never knew who my mother was. But I did find other elemental's who could only control one element and they helped me control my powers, then I found a witch and trained under her." I said shrugging my shoulders. "So you have no idea what is going to happen?" Paul asked looking worried in fact they all did. "Not really but I have been writing down everything that I discover. I have been bitten by a vampire once, apparently immortal's blood is poisonous to vampires since the vampire that bite me is dead. I have fought with vampires and won. I trained under the best fighters of the human world even the vampire world which was interesting." I said grinning the others smiled at me. "When you were bitten what happened?" Sam asked, I knew he was worried about the other imprints. "Nothing other than the vampire dying, I have no scars from it and no venom entered my system." I said showing them my arm where the vampire bite me, there was nothing but smooth skin. I looked at the time and realized I have been there for 3 hours and I still haven't seen my father. "Sorry guys but I need to go and see my dad, I came straight here." I said laughing then looked at Sam. "Get the imprints together and I will change them so they can defend themselves, hell I'll even train them. It will give you guys less to worry about." I said kissing the boys on the cheek and left my cell phone number to all of them. I jumped back into my truck and rushed to my father's house where I would be staying until I had enough saved up to get my own house but I knew I would be moving in with Paul in a few months. I pulled into dad's driveway and smiled when he opened the door and stood on the porch staring at my truck. I jumped out and raced into my father's arms, I hugged him tightly. "It is so good to have you home baby girl. When do you start your new job?" dad asked once we were in the living room, I smiled up at him as he handed me a Dr. Pepper. "I start on Monday at the hospital as a physical therapists, but I have already started my message therapists home service well the advertisements anyway just waiting on the calls." I said smiling, dad was so proud of me when he heard I was getting two degrees at one time but ended up getting six. We talked for a little while then we brought my bags into the house and put them in my bedroom on the ground floor. Once my things were in my room dad turned to leave then stopped and looked at me. "Before I forget Bella is coming home in two weeks." dad said, I looked over at him and sighed. Bella and I never got along because she was spoiled by her mother and she was jealous of everything I worked hard for. "Alright dad thanks for the warning." I said smiling innocently at him, he chuckled and left the room. I sighed and looked around, I quickly unpacked my things and put my toiletries into my bathroom. The house house two bathrooms, one on my floor then the other one upstairs in between dad's room and Bella's. After everything was unpacked and put away, I changed into a black cami shirt and black tight short shorts then went to bed. The next morning I woke up, dressed for a day at the beach, made my bed, then went and had breakfast since dad was already gone. I put on a white halter and a low-rise shirred bikini with cut of short jean shorts, a navy blue strappy ribbed tank top, and ugg Australia Natassia wedge sandals. I grabbed my beach bag and camera before jumping into my truck and drove to the beach on La Push. I got out and started walking down the beach taking pictures but stopped when I heard sniffling. I followed the sound to a bush and looked over it, I saw twin boys no older than 5 years old holding each other and looking scared. "Hey guys, what are you doing out here all by yourselves?" I asked sitting down in front of them moving my hair out of my face. "Our older brother brought us here, some girl came over to us while Paul was talking to Jared the girl was mean and hit us, we took off then got lost." one of them said, I looked at them shocked. "Alright let's go find your brother. I'm Cora by the way." I said helping both boys off the ground. "I'm Ashton and that's Logan." the little boy with gray eyes said, I smiled at him. He looks so much like Paul. "Let's get out of this bush." I said pulling the boys out of the bush while they both giggled. I smiled as they started skipping around me laughing. "Cora" Logan whispered, I looked down at him, both he and Ashton were hiding behind my legs as a woman stalked towards us. "You boys are in so much trouble when we get home." the woman said reaching for Ashton who had a death grip on my leg. I grabbed the woman's hand and glared at her. "Don't touch these boys." I sneered at her, the woman pulled her hand out of my grip while glaring at me. "Don't tell me what to do with my own sons" the bitch had the nerve to say, I raised an eyebrow at her. "Funny since I know for damn sure you are not these boys mother you are not old enough to have a 21 year old son. Oh yes, I know their older brother and I have no clue who you are but you will not touch these boys as long as I'm around." I said just as Paul and the rest of the pack came around the corner looking around and calling for the boys. "PAUL" Logan called, Paul looked over at us and rushed over while I continued to glare at the bitch in front of me. "Cora what's going on?" Jared asked, looking at the girl who was now staring at Paul sweetly and winking at him. "Paul who is she to your family?" I asked Paul looked at me then the girl who was back to glaring at me. "Nobody, I had a one night stand with her months ago she keeps showing up everywhere I go. I have a restraining order against her." Paul said as Logan and Ashton move to Paul and held onto his legs. "Hmm, what is your name?" I asked the girl, Paul stared at me. "Why?" she demanded still glaring at me and the boys. "Because I can have your ass put in jail for violating the restraining order and child abuse." I said glaring at her, while Paul started growling making the boys run to me and hide again. "What do you mean? I never touched a child." she said smugly, I grinned at her. "Yeah right, I have pictures of the bruises on these boys, you tried to pass yourself as their mother to me, and