"Mira, get your ass to Vegas and preform we need the money." John yelled at the bottom of the stairs, God I hated it here. I walked out of the house and jumped into John's 1985 Ford and started driving. Let me introduce myself my name is Mira Rea Firehawk and I am a pop star unfortunately. I am 18 years old still in high school and I have waist length wavy black hair with fire red highlights, bright violet eyes. I am slender with an athletic build and 4 pk abs, size C breasts and a size 4 waist, I stand at 5'10. I am also half Native American but I never knew my father. I live with my sub-servant mother and drunk abusive step-father who forces me to preform at concerts. I hated being a star but no one at my high school knew who I really was and no one knew about my home life. I went to school with my hair braided, brown colored contacts, and baggy clothes. I grinned as I dressed in my dressing room. I put on a nice tight black leather pants, a mid-drift black/red corset, 6'' heeled knee boots. I hated wearing dresses because I had to dance in my songs but was told if I didn't wear a dress I would get the belt, which meant I would get whipped across the back but the strange thing was I never had any scars and most bruises would heal quickly oh well guess I just gave John another reason to beat me. I walked onto the stage after I put on a fire red wig and put in blue contacts. I hated not being who I was, and I wanted to cut my hair but of course I wasn't aloud. The music started and I glared at the audience. Oh hey, yeah Hush, just stop There's nothing you can do or say, baby I've had enough I'm not your property as from today, baby You might think that I won't make it on my own But now I'm Stronger, than yesterday Now it's nothing but my way My loneliness ain't killing me no more I, I'm stronger Than I ever thought that I could be, baby I used to go with the flow Didn't really care 'bout me You might think that I can't take it, but you're wrong 'Cause now I'm Stronger, than yesterday Now it's nothing but my way My loneliness ain't killing me no more I, I'm stronger Come on, now Oh, yeah Here I go, on my own I don't need nobody, better off alone Here I go, on my own now I don't need nobody, not anybody Here I go, here I go, here I go Alright Here I go, here I go, here I go Stronger, than yesterday It's nothing but my way My loneliness ain't killing me no more I'm stronger, than yesterday Now it's nothing but my way My loneliness ain't killing me no more Now I'm stronger, than yesterday Now it's nothing but my way My loneliness ain't killing me no more I'm stronger! God I really hated my job, but I was smart I would cash my checks and would take half of what I was paid and put it in a secret bank account then give the rest to John, he never caught on. Now I have a good size amount saved and ready for my escape. I sighed as the music started again. Baby, can't you see? I'm callin' A guy like you should wear a warnin' It's dangerous I'm fallin' There's no escape, I can't wait I need a hit, baby, give me it You're dangerous I'm lovin' it Too high, can't come down Losing my head Spinning 'round and 'round Do you feel me now? With a taste of your lips, I'm on a ride You're toxic, I'm slippin' under With a taste of a poison paradise I'm addicted to you, don't you know that you're toxic? And I love what you do, don't you know that you're toxic? It's getting late to give you up I took a sip from a devil's cup Slowly It's taking over me Too high, can't come down. It's in the air And it's all around Can you feel me now? With a taste of your lips, I'm on a ride You're toxic, I'm slippin' under With a taste of a poison paradise I'm addicted to you, don't you know that you're toxic? And I love what you do, but you know that you're toxic Don't you know that you're toxic? With a taste of your lips, I'm on a ride You're toxic, I'm slippin' under With a taste of a poison paradise I'm addicted to you, don't you know that you're toxic? With a taste of your lips, I'm on a ride You're toxic, I'm slippin' under (Toxic) With a taste of a poison paradise I'm addicted to you, don't you know that you're toxic? Intoxicate me now with your lovin' now I think I'm ready now, I think I'm ready now Intoxicate me now with your lovin' now I think I'm ready now I smiled as I noticed a couple of cowboys standing in the front row staring up at me. I winked at them and got ready for my last song. I know I may be young But I've got feelings too And I need to do what I feel like doing So let me go and just listen All you people look at me like I'm a little girl Well, did you ever think it'd be okay for me to step into this world? Always saying "Little girl, don't step into the club" Well I'm just trying to find out why, 'cause dancing's what I love, yeah (Now watch me) Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? (This feels good) I know I may come off quiet, may come off shy But I feel like talking, feel like dancing when I see this guy What's practical? What's logical? What the hell? Who cares? All I know is I'm so happy when you're dancing there, yeah I'm a slave for you I can not hold it, I can not control it I'm a slave for you I won't deny it, I'm not trying to hide it Baby, don't you want to dance up on me? (I just want to dance next to you) To another time and place Oh baby, don't you want to dance up on me? (Are you ready?) Leaving behind my name and age Let's go Like that Do you like it? Yeah? Now watch me! Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? (This feels good) I really want to dance tonight with you (I just can't help myself) I really want to do what you want me to (I just got to let myself go) I really want to dance tonight with you (I want to see you move) I really want to do what you want me to Baby, don't you want to dance up on me? (I just want to dance next to you) To another time and place Oh baby, don't you want to dance up on me? (Are you ready?) Leaving behind my name and age I'm a slave for you I can not hold it, I can not control it I'm a slave for you (It just feels right, it just feels good) I won't deny it, I'm not trying to hide it Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? (Just move with me) Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? Get it-get it, get it-get it, what? I'm a slave for you (Here we go now, here we go now) I can not hold it I can not control it (You like the way I move huh?) I'm a slave for you (Here we go) I won't deny it (Yeah, yeah) I'm not trying to hide it (Yeah, like that) I was finally finished so I went to my dressing room and changed into, tight low rider jeans, a mid-drift one shoulder red shirt, black cowboy boots, I brushed my black hair and took out the contacts then headed to a bar before I went home to face the music. I smiled as country music filled the bar, I headed to bar and ordered a beer. One of the cowboys from my concert sat next to me with a smirk. "Hey there darlin, I'm Jasper Whitlock and you are?" he said holding his hand out, of course I knew who Jasper was, but he always went by Jasper Hale. "Hello Jasper, I'm Mira Firehawk." I said smirking as his eyes grew and I shook his hand. "I know you from Forks high, what are you doing here?" he asked getting a beer his self, I smiled at him. I knew he wasn't human but neither was I, I just didn't know what I was. "Can I tell you a secret?" I asked leaning close to his ear. "Yes" he whispered as he leaned closer as well. "I am also known as Morgan Hellcat" I whispered, he pulled away slightly and stared into my eyes with shock and awe. "Why do you always look angry when you preform?" he asked still leaning close to me. "I hate preforming, but have no choice if I want to escape my home life when I graduate high school." I whispered, as I motioned for another beer. "Dance with me" he whispered after I got my beer, I nodded and grabbed his hand. Jasper led me to the dance floor, spinning me around once we reached the middle of the floor. We two stepped for a while then he got this wicked look in his eyes, of course we were already pretty drunk. "If you could do anything what would you do?" he asked after we sat down at a dark table. "Cut my hair, get a belly button ring, and a tattoo." I said without hesitation, he smiled grabbing my hand and pulling me out of the bar. We went to a salon where I cut my hair a little past my shoulders with layers then donated my hair to a children's hospital. Then we went to the tattoo place after getting a belly button ring, Jasper designed a tattoo which I loved and I had it placed over my heart. I didn't know where he got the design but it looked great. Jasper grinned as we continued to drink then he got another wicked idea and took me to a hotel after making a call. "Mira this is my friends Peter and Charlotte. Char has something for you for my next idea." Jasper said as Peter and Charlotte arrived at the hotel room, Char had a large box with her, she and I went to the bedroom while the men talked. I opened the box and got the idea where Jasper's head was. "I am so happy for you guys, I know you don't really know each other but I have a gift of sorts letting me know who are soul mates. You and Jasper have the strongest bond I have ever seen. He will make you happy and protect you with his life." Char said as she put the locket around my neck, I smiled at her. "Well we have the rest of our lives to get to know each other, but even though I have known him a few hours I am happy." I said as I strapped on my heels and fluffed my hair out and stepped out of the room, I smiled at Jasper who looked star struck.