I started to read fanfiction some time ago, and i finally decided to try to write one myself. I hope you'll like it. Please take note that english is not my first language, so i will probably make a lot of mistake. I'm sorry about that, but i'll try to make the story as readable as possible. Enjoy! Harry Potter and all of his universe belong to J.K. Rowling. Sadly, i don't own anything. Until you come back home A mother love is the most powerful force in the world, a force that can stop a killing curse, unite souls and even send a lost son back in time, to give him a chance of a better life, and maybe, at the same time, change the history and save the world. "Harry Potter...the Boy-Who-Lived..." whispered the snake-faced man, his voice cold as ice, looking directly the green-eyed boy eyes. His face strangely devoid of any emotion, giving away no anger nor joy. Around him, even all of his Death Eater were petrified. Totaly in silence, too scared of spoil their Lord final battle agaisnt the boy that so many times has defied him. Even the forest was quiet, like if the world itself stopped and was watching with suspended breath the fight that was to come. "You've been a thorn in my side for far too long. I admit, with you i've made a lot of mistakes myself" He said, starting to walking closer to the boy, reaching for his wand. "These mistakes are the only reason why you're still alive. That, and your innatural luck and your friends. Yes, luck is your only talent, Potter, nothing else. But this time, it won't save you. And i can't see any of your filthy friends here too, so it seems that even the "Chosen One" run out of people ready to die for his sake. I admit, your uncanny ability to befriend people greater than you, that systematically put themselves before my wand, dying in your place was a nuisance" the Dark Lord said, his hissing voice filled disdain. "But thankfully there are no more Lily Potter, your mudblood friend or Sirius Black. A pity that that one had to die too, he was of good blood...but blood traitors in my list are maybe worse than mudbloods" he whispered, this time his tone dripping with glee. He loved to remind to the boy all the people that he took away from him. Harry simply keep starring at him, with a neutral face, waiting for the inevitable standing in a proud and fearless posture. But on the inside, it was a very different matter. Inside, Harry was broken. He was ready to die, for the sake of everyone. Ready to die to destroy the accursed piece of Voldemort's soul lurking in his forehead. Die to make him mortal again. The ghosts of his parents summoned by the Death Stone have given him the strenght. But Voldemort's words cut him deeply like a knife, because deep down he knew that what the dark wizard has said was true. He was a failure. As a wizard, he has never been anything special. Yes, he had more magical power than most, but rarely put it in use. He never tried to study more, learn more magic for better defends himself and all the people that he knowing that a psychopath was out there, wanting nothing more that kills him and hurt everybody he cares about, he did nothing to give himself an advatage. He followed his Hogwarts instruction like it was a burden, doing nothing more than what was necessary to pass his classes, preferring instead to lazing around with Ron and play quidditch as much as he could. Than there was his immaturity and often foolhardy behavior that had often put him and his friends in danger, and sometime, to death. Like Sirius, dead for his folly...because he couldn't make distinction between a dream and reality. His death was only his fault. Like Hermione, killed at Malfoy manor by Bellatrix Lestrange, captured because he didn't know how to shut his mouth. Like Dobby, Edwige and Dumbledore, murdered trying to save him. Like the lot of people, many that he didn't even known, that have just perished in the battle of Hogwarts. All of them sacrificed to give him the time to destroy the hufflepuff's Cup and to search Ravenclaw's diadem. Some of them maybe could have been saved if he didn't played the part of the paladin, always trying to do the right thing, the moral thing. Like an idiot, he never aimed to kill his enemies, only stun them or disabled them, too righteous to take a life. Naturally, his enemies didn't share the same courtesy. In a way, he acted like a coward. War is not a place for moralists or cowards. The firsts get killed and the latters get other killed. Sadly, he learned this important lesson too late. "Let's end this now, Tom" said Harry sighing, tired of cry on the spilled milk. He moved his gaze from the dark wizard to the sky, looking at the stars, maybe for his last time. They were beautiful. Voldemort sent his way an amused look, clearly enjoying the boy helplessness and resignation, but he decided that now the time has finally come. After all, he had a school to conquest, traitors to kill and a world to rule. "Any last words, Potter?" he asked, point the wand at the boy forehead, to the same point that has marked his demise seventeen years ago. Yes, he was a very ironic lord. "Go to Hell" Harry with a smirk, spitting at his feet. "Very well... Avada Kedavra !" the man shouted with all the hate, fury and anger that he could gather. Hid red eyes shining with venom. 'Ron...Neville... everything is in your hands now. Goodbye!' Harry thougth looking to the green light coming toward him. 'Mom, Dad i'll see you soon' And then,everything went black... ...until he felt a sharp pain on the back. 'Pain? What...Can the dead feel pain too? Am i alive?' he thought in confusion, something was strange here. Slowly, he tried to open his eyes. His eyelids were heavy like boulders, but little by little, he managed to open them. He could see, even without his glasses. He started to look around, trying to understand where he was. A white, thick fog similar to a cloud was the first thing that he could sight. The second was a very hard, seamless and endless white floor. The same floor on which he, painfully for his back, woke up. The third was that he was totally naked. The fourth was that he was alone. There wasn't anything or anyone else around. Just an infinite plain of emptyness. 'Is this the aftelife?' he concluded, slightly disappointed. Where were the other souls? His parents and friends? There wasn't even the legendary coven of virgin veelas of welcome neither... he coul feel sorry for Sirius, he probably had died again when he discovered that his greatest fantasy was just a myth. 'Well it sucks' he thought with a sigh. 'Let's go see around, maybe i can find something' Gathering all of his energies left, little by little he started to walk with indecisive and bad footsteps, without any destination and any hurry. The view was always the same, never changing. After a while, hours perhaps, or maybe days or years, who knows, the omnipresent white fog started to became grey, than black. In that moment, Harry started to feel cold. He was literally freezing. But there wasn't no sun or fire to warm him. Rubbing his arms tryng to reduce the cold, he wished to have some clothes for the first time sice his death. As if by magic, a black Hogwarts-like robe, a pair a jeans, a plain and white shirt and a pair of brown shoes appeared a few feet in front of him. Thanking the heavens, he quickly dressed, noting with amazement that the clothes fit him perfectly. No Dudley hand-me-down in the afterlife. They were very warm too. 'Wicked. Let's try again' He thought excitedly. If he could get everithing only by wishing, maybe this place was not so bad after all. Maybe there was still hope. "I wish a butterbeer and a slice of treacle tart, i'm famished" Harry said in resolute tone, thinking intensely at what he wanted in his mind. It was an harmless and simple desire, something that should be easily granted, like the clothes. Nothing happened. He retried, this time only speaking only in his mind. Again, nothing. He tried something different, something harder. "I wish to see my parents, Lily and James Potter. Please?" asked, this time sounding pleadingly even to his ears. He spoke his words like it was a prayer. He looked around, he couldn't see anything new. No parents's spirit nor their ghosts in sight. He found ironic how a silly stone had more power on the dead than afterlife itself. "Fuck this useless place! Fuck everything! FUCK!" he screamed looking at the "sky", his voice filled with anger, depression started to fill him. He was alone in life and he was the same in death. He collapsed to his knees. His only wish was out of his reach once again, even in death. His destiny surely was a bitch. He eyes started to get wet. Long time unshead tears finally started to drop, spilling outside his sadness. 'Keep walking' 'Stand up' 'You're almost there' 'Don't give up' 'Don't stop' Harry immediately stopped crying and jumped to his feet, looking around frantically. He has heard them. He was sure. Voices. Voices speaking all at the same time and all with different tones, like they belong to differen people. Ghostlike voices. The eco continued to play in the emptyness, without a specific origin. Or maybe they resonated only in his head, who knows. But one thing was sure: they were calling him. They were asking him to continue, to keep walking. They were giving him strenght he needed. He decided to do what they wanted him to do. He started to walk, again. He kept walking ahead for an indefinite amount of time. Time was different here, for all he knew, he could have walked for a century, maybe more. Every time he was to the point of give up, the voices reappeared, giving him new energies and will to go on. They were his only company. After a while, he decided that the voices were in reality only one, probably belonging to a woman. It sound strangely familiar too. During his journey, he learned and discovered a few things about this place. He saw that the fog keep changing from white to black and than again to white, in an endless cycle: he decided that this was likely the alternation between day and night. One night he saw a shining white rainbow filled with blue star-like gleams. It was probably the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. He called this wonder 'Stairway to Heaven'. He discovered that he never had to eat, sleep or do other things needed to live. Understandable since it wasn't likely he could die again for something so trivial like starvation or lack of oxygen. He could't fell his magic neither. Finally, when he started to think that he will have to keep walking forever, in a neverending journey toward the nothingness, he arrived to something new. Something that was extremely familiar. 'Is this...King Cross?' He thought looking around, falling to his knees, his beign filled with emotion. He's finally reached a proof that he was not alone. Someone must have built this clearly man-made place. But all was clean, like noone had walked here in a very long time. There were two trains, one red and the other black. The first was very similar to Hogwarts's Express, an ancient steam-type train, the latter on the other