"Caran Amrún" (Red Sunrise) Chapter One ApaDae (Foreshadow) Suddenly there was thunder, heavy and rolling and shaking the ground and the trees. As it ended there was woman's terrified cry coming from above them, and as Legolas looked up the branches bent down as something fell through them. A young woman fell through the air, hitting the ground with a resounding crack. She rolled to her side as she tried to regain her lost breath, setting her hands to the dirt beneath her. Legolas stared, trying to comprehend what he saw before him; a woman with long, very dark brown hair, a white shirt with half-sleeves and what appeared to be a grey-checked shirt tied to her waist, and strange blue pants that appeared to be of a rough weave. Then the Uruk-hai, who had stopped their advance upon her appearance, gave a roar, intending to take advantage of their enemy's distraction. At a warning shout from Gimli, Legolas set several arrows to his bow and fired them in unison, taking down three of the advancing creatures. From the corner of his eye he saw an Uruk-hai bearing down on the woman, sword raised to strike, but the woman noticed, and with a look of panic she reached for the nearest weapon– the sword of a fallen Uruk-hai. As the creature reached her she shoved the sword up and into its belly. Eyes wide with shock she stared at its fallen body, before starting at the approach of yet another Uruk-hai from behind and swinging her sword around to cut it down. Firing arrow after arrow, finally resorting to his twin knives when he ran out, Legolas couldn't help but be impressed by her quick reflexes. For though she was obviously in shock and in a panic to find herself in the middle of a battle, her survival instinct was definitely alive and well as she cut down yet another Uruk-hai. Ducking just as an enemy blade sung through the air above him, Legolas turned his mind back to the fight. He could hear Gimli behind him, the identifiable hacking sound of his ax followed by his roars of challenge and triumph. Aragorn was a few feet away, his sword flashing in the sunlight that filtered down through the trees. The Uruk-hai seemed to come at them in a never-ending stream. At one point there was a yell of pain from the woman, but when Legolas turned it was just in time to see her drive her sword forward into chest of an Uruk-hai, her left hand blocking the creature's blade. At the same time he saw an Uruk-hai coming up on the dwarf's blind spot. "Gimli!" he called. The dwarf spun around, ax swinging in a high arc to land on the creature's head. With a nod to Legolas, Gimli turned to face another onslaught. A horn suddenly cut through the sounds of battle, blowing again and again and again. Aragorn turned, his eyes growing wide. "Boromir!" With a nod to him, assuring that they were behind him, Legolas spun his knives and shoved back, hearing the dying gurgle of an Uruk-hai a moment later. They found Boromir lying amidst dozens of the dead creatures. He was pierced with many arrows, his skin wax from loss of blood. Aragorn knelt by his side, leaning over him and speaking quietly. Legolas and Gimli could not hear what was said, but they knew that their friend was dying. Beside them stood the woman, her face and arms and shirt soiled with black blood, her hair falling tangled about her face. Though he did not turn to look, Legolas heard her sink to her knees beside him. Finally Aragorn rose, and they saw that he had wept. Boromir lay with closed eyes, his sword held to his chest, his face at peace. Turning, Aragorn looked at them. "We must send him back to Gondor." He said quietly. Then his eyes flickered to the ground beside Legolas. "My lady…" "I'm sorry." She whispered, wiping her face with her right hand. She saw Aragorn's questioning look. "I know he was your friend." She pushed herself to her feet. "Is there anything I can do to help?" Once the arrows were removed, Boromir's face and hands were washed with water from the river. Then he was placed in one of the boats from Lorien, and his hands were crossed over his chest with his sword laid beside him. Then he was covered with his elven cloak. Standing upon the riverbank, Aragorn said a few quiet words, a final blessing. Then the boat was pushed into the rushing water. The deed done Aragorn turned back to join his companions, but he paused, frowning. "Where is the lady?" he asked. Glancing behind, where she had stood during Aragorn's blessing, Legolas and Gimli were surprised to find her gone. Gimli gave a low growl of confusion. "Now where could she have got to?" he said, turning in a circle Legolas, his brows drawn slightly together, eyed the ground and saw the tracks leading downriver. When he looked up he saw Aragorn watching him. "I will find her." Legolas said quietly. "And I shall go with you." Gimli declared. Legolas turned to his friend. "No," he said. He looked up at Aragorn. "She appeared frightened. I will go alone." The ranger nodded. Legolas found her crouched beside the river, her mouth a thin line as she gingerly held her left hand in the cool, rushing water. As he approached she looked up quickly, her eyes betraying her continued unrest and wariness, her body tensing in preparation for flight or battle. Seeing it was only him and not an enemy a little of the tension left her, but he could still sense her uneasiness, like a bird ready to take flight at the first sign of danger. He held out his hand. "It is only I." he said, approaching her slowly. Kneeling in the damp earth beside her he gestured to her hand, still held in the water. "May I?" She stared at him a moment longer, then swallowed tightly, and she nodded. She offered him her hand, gleaming with water, and he noticed its trembling. Gently he took it, his fingers soft on her skin, and frowned in sympathy at the ragged cut that tore its way across the width of her palm. "Mary." Legolas looked up into her large dark eyes, which were gazing at him with an unreadable expression, and yet he recognized her attempt to reach out to him. "I am called Legolas." He said, giving her a soft smile before returning to his work. There was a moment of silence as he washed the grime from her cut. "I tried blocking one of their swords." She said, watching him work. There was a wry note in her voice. "Not the brightest thing to do, I guess. I should've just ducked." A small chuckle escaped him. When the wound was clean he pulled out a strip of cloth from the pouch on his belt and wrapped it around her hand. "You arrived in a most unusual way, fair lady." He said, tying the bandage gently but snugly. "Where are you from?" A laugh escaped her. She looked away with an upward roll of her eyes, looking to the sky. "A long way from here, I can tell you that." At his questioning look she sighed. "Eau Claire, Wisconsin." Legolas frowned, his head tilting. "I do not know this place." Another wry laugh. "No, you wouldn't." Mary looked down, staring hard at her right hand, fisted atop her strange blue pants with its rough weave. "How did you come to be here?" "I don't know." She whispered. "I was reading some old notes from a writer, and the next thing I know I'm falling through the branches of trees into the middle of those huge, horrible–" she suddenly stopped, staring through the trees, and then she turned to him. "You're Legolas." He nodded. Her dark eyes narrowed, catching the afternoon sun and suddenly blazing like gold amber in the light. "And they," she pointed with her right hand down the river towards his companions. "Are Aragorn and Gimli." Legolas adjusted his legs so that he no longer knelt, but crouched, leaning closer. "Yes." he answered. She sat back, rolling her eyes, and then pressed the heel of her right hand to her eye, grimacing. "I don't believe this." She laughed. "I knew it right away, but– I'm in Lord of the Rings. This is crazy." "Lady, of what do you speak?" Two crystalline tears spilled out onto her cheeks, and raking her fingers through dark, straight hair she lifted her eyes to his. "Not only am I in a different place," she said matter of factly. "But I am in a different time, in a different world." Legolas blinked in surprise. "I do not understand." She shifted on her knees so that she was facing him fully. "I come from a completely different world." She said, her hands gesturing to illustrate her words. "A world that is also from a different time– I think. What I mean is, there, there are no Uruk-hai, no elves, no wizards, no goblins, no hobbits, no balrogs, no magic… Nothing. Only men. And there we don't cook over fires, we cook with machines called stoves. We don't ride horses everywhere, we drive machines that look like metal, horseless carriages. We don't fight with swords or bows, we shoot bullets from guns!" Mary shook her head, missing the confusion in Legolas' eyes. "I was sitting in my room, going over these notes from a guy named Tolkien, and I was reading a part out loud, a section where he had all of these elven phrases– or spells, I guess– and all of a sudden I felt like I was being pulled, and then there was this horrible jerk, and then I was falling– You know the rest." Another tear spilled onto her cheek, and she hastily wiped at it. Legolas could hardly believe the tale she had just told, but then, he realized, he had been there when she had come through. When she had fallen from the sky. Brows drawing together he looked at her, noting her tears. "Are you alright?" She shrugged, her shoulders sagging. "Don't mind me." She said, tears now trickling in a stream down her cheeks. "I mean, I'm thrilled that I'm here– it's like a dream come true for me– but I've just been warped from my world to here and been through my first battle ever ." Pressing her hand to her face she shook her head, then looked up again, exhaling loudly. "Oh– This is just how women react to things: 'When in doubt: cry.'" Despite himself, Legolas smiled. Mary noticed. "It's a very good strategy." She insisted, causing him to smile again. "Works every time for me." A chuckle escaped her, then she put a hand to her face again, a fresh onslaught of tears hitting her. "I'm sorry. I promise I'll be done in a minute." "No, my lady." Legolas put a hand on her shoulder, offering his comfort. "Do not apologize. If what you say is true, then you have been through what no one else has." She nodded, then looked at him. "You know what the funny thing is?" she said, wiping her cheeks vainly. "That doesn't bother me so much. It's the fighting." Her eyes looked over his shoulder, unfocusing. "I've never even hit someone before, much less put a sword through them." Understanding and then sympathy lit Legolas' eyes. Then she shook her head, emitting a fierce growl that surprised Legolas, and pressed the heels of both palms to her eyes. Muttering to herself for a moment, while Legolas looked on, she dropped her hands, breathing deeply and standing, her eyes dry. "At least my first kill was an Uruk-hai." She muttered. "That definitely eases the guilt." Growing