"Celeb Amaurea" (Silver Dawn) Chapter One "Sie Glenn-Ha" (So It Goes) The White Tree once again bloomed in the courtyard before the palace. Aragorn had walked with Gandalf, and came upon a young sapling not seven years old, hidden on the stony mountain side. So the old tree was uprooted, and laid to rest in Rath Dínen, and the new tree planted in its place. There was much rejoicing among the people. Legolas stood before it, staring up at its silver leaves and white flowers, and wondered at it, remembering a thing that Mary had said to him, long ago on a stone wall while they waited for doom to fall upon them: " Your many brothers(sworn) circle you, and (a) white tree flower(s) in front of (a) stone castle." "Ah, Mary." He whispered to the air, gazing at the tree with a smile. "Le gar-lammen anwa, ananta le deli han-esse sui ceri-golodhrim " Ah, Mary. You have spoken truth, but yet you hide it as elf-folk do. The day before Midsummer, messengers arrived announcing the arrival of a company of fair folk, and Aragorn seemed filled with much joy and bid the city prepare. The next day, on Midsummer's Eve, Mary did not wander the palace garden as was her habit, and Legolas wondered at it. Then a servant of the house came to him, and bid him array himself in his finest robes, as the Lady Mary said Aragorn wished. So Legolas left to his own chambers, though he was puzzled by the request. Mary, meanwhile, in her own room, washed herself in a bath drawn by the serving maids. The water was warm and gentle on her skin, and scented with oils. Then she rose from the water and wrapped herself in a long white towel, and went to her bed where her clothes had been laid out. Taking the ice yellow dress she dropped the towel to the floor, and carefully slipped the velvet over her head. Drawing it down she slid her arms into the winged sleeves, and then she took up the gold and silver brocaded belt and set it around her hips. As she stepped to the mirror to do her hair she paused a moment, taking in her reflection, and her hand traveled to the silver and gold brocade of the v-neckline, and the brocaded bands on her upper arms. The sun filtered in through her window, and seemed to light the yellow dress on fire with a white light. Taking up her comb Mary ran it through her drying hair, then shook it, and combed it again, over and over again, until it was dry and as soft as silk. Letting her dark hair fall down her back she then set down the comb and picked up a circlet, given to her as a gift by an unknown person. It was twisted silver of a vine design, and its leaves were made of gold, dropping to a point in the middle of her forehead. This she set on her hair, and secured it. Turning this way and that she studied herself, and satisfied, she glanced out of her window. The sun was low in the sky. It was time. Legolas waited before the gates of Minas Tirith, with Aragorn and Gandalf and Gimli, and the four hobbits, and Éomer, and his sister Éowyn with Faramir, now betrothed. Aragorn was dressed in all of his splendor, with his crown upon his head, and a black surcoat edged in gold, with the white tree and seven stars on his chest, and he waited with a look of patient joy and anticipation on his face. Legolas wore a white robe belted with a blue-grey embroidered belt, and over this he wore a shining blue robe with a high collar clasped with a silver butterfly, and on his head he wore a simple, silver circlet. Looking around, Legolas wondered where Mary was, and felt the beginnings of agitation as the sun sank lower into the sky, casting the western expanse in a golden glow, and in the east the sky turned a deep blue and the first of the evening stars appeared. He could sense the coming of something important, and still she was not there. Then he saw her, coming like a ray of light down the street to join them, the dark of her hair spread across her shoulders, almost black against the ice-yellow of her dress, and the circlet gleamed upon her head. No longer did she look like the strange woman they had met so long ago, dressed in her strange clothes. Strange she was still, but more like a princess of another world, crowned with a circlet that gleamed against her hair. Legolas smiled; he had hoped, when he had sent the servant to put the circlet in her room, that she would wear it for Aragorn's marriage to the Lady Arwen, if ever the elven maid came to Minas Tirith. That Mary wore it now made his heart glad, and yet he also wondered now about what was to happen that night. A call from a silver horn announced the arrival of the company of elves, clear and ringing through the cool evening air. Among the company was Galadriel and Celeborn, and Elrohir and Elladan, Aragorn's adopted brothers, and last came Elrond and his daughter, Arwen. "You were right." Legolas said to Mary. "There is great pleasure in this surprise." Mary smiled. The marriage of Aragorn and Arwen was filled with great joy and peace, and there was laughter and song and dance and music, and flowers were strewn at their feet, and garlands went before them, and there was a great feast. Mary sat with Legolas and Gimli and the four hobbits, and laughed with them, and sang with Gimli, and danced with the hobbits, and her feet were light and the hobbits' laughter contagious. Gimli held his metal-wrought tankard, his beard combed and braided, and his roaring laughter added to the sounds of celebration. Noticing Legolas sitting quiet beside him, his eyes watching the dancing, Gimli looked out and saw Mary and the hobbits, with Gandalf towering over them all, dancing to some merry music. "The Lady Mary looks fair and bright tonight." Gimli surmised. "Indeed." Gimli glanced sideways at his friend, seeing the slight smile. "It is a pretty coronet that she wears." He said, eyeing him with curiosity. "I have not seen it before." From the corner of his eye he saw his elf friend give the barest of movements, shifting slightly. "It shines beautifully against her dark hair." Legolas leaned to one side, resting his chin on his forefinger and thumb. "Most delicate and finely made, too." Gimli mused. "Made by a skilled craftsman. I wonder who it was that made it for her." Legolas would not look at him, instead keeping his gaze firmly forward, and Gimli chuckled. "You have fine taste, lad." "I don't know what you mean." Gimli gave a huff. "I'm sure you don't." There was silence. "Does she know?" "No." "I thought not." Gimli took a long drink. "Yet it would appear she shares your sentiments." Blue eyes snapped to his, then turned to gaze at the dancing maiden again. "I do not believe so." He whispered. Gimli looked at him sharply. "What?" he exclaimed. "You do not see how she looks at you? Her eyes glow as bright as the moon, Legolas!" The elf looked doubtful. "Mary is one to speak her mind," he said. "And she has said nothing." "She speaks her mind of all else but herself." Gimli observed quietly. "You are an elf, and high above her in wisdom and in years. And to top it off you're a prince. No, I think she would keep silent, unless she could be sure of your feelings for her." Legolas watched the spinning lady before him, her dark hair and yellow dress twirling about her, her cheeks flushed and eyes dancing with laughter. As the burn in his chest began yet again, Legolas pondered Gimli's words, and wondered if they could be true. Then her dark eyes suddenly turned to him and caught his gaze, and for a moment there was a flash of sorrow and longing in them, so great that a pang went through his heart. Then it was gone, and Legolas wondered if he had not imagined it. The celebrations lasted for many days. On the last night Legolas saw a flash of yellow on the outskirts of the crowds, and he realized that it was Mary, making her way towards him through the shadows. She was very fair as she approached him, yet in her eyes there was wistfulness that stilled him. "Veduí, Héri Mary." He said. Greetings, Lady Mary. "Veduí, Haryon Legolas." Greetings, Prince Legolas. "Manen nalyë?" he asked. How are you? "Im maer." She replied. I'm well. He gazed on her. "Sanda?" he whispered. Truly? She laughed then at the familiar words they spoke, and dropped her head, and her laughter died. For a moment she did not answer, but then she raised her face, and smiled. "Sanda." She said; but the smile did not reach her eyes. Truly. "Baw, le ú." No, you (are) not. She sighed, and her look was fond. "Mana ceri-im ceri-as le?" she asked. What do I do with you? He smiled. In unison they turned, and began to walk together around the edge of the courtyard, their feet stepping together. "What will you do now?" Mary asked. "I shall go first with Gimli to see the Glittering Caves, as I promised," Legolas said. "And then to Fangorn Forest to wander a bit and speak with the trees. After that–" he glanced up at the starlit sky. "I shall ask my Elven-lord to permit me and a group of my kinsmen to come here and live a while, to make it a place of bird song and growing things." "That will be lovely indeed." Mary said quietly, as though to herself. Then: "What is Valinor, Legolas? Is it a place where only the elves can go, or is it where all souls go, by sea or by death?" Legolas looked sharply at her, yet nothing in her countenance was downcast or shadowed to give him alarm, merely curious. "You ask me many strange questions, Lady." He said in bemusement. "What?" she looked up at him. "I have only asked you the one strange question tonight." "I am thinking of all you have asked me on our long journey together." Legolas said with a smile. "And that adds up to many." Her mouth pulled to the side in a wry smile, conceding his point. "Valinor is the home of the Valar, and of the elves– those who journey across the sea." Legolas said, frowning a little as he attempted to explain. "Only elves are allowed to cross, unless the Valar grant access to a particular mortal. Within Valinor is Mandos, the Halls of Waiting, where the souls of all those who die– elf and man alike– go to await their final fate." "So no mortal man may enter Valinor, by sea or by death." Mary said quietly. "Unless given permission." Legolas glanced at her. "I do not know what fate the souls of men await in Mandos," he said gently. "Why do you ask these questions?" For a moment she did not answer, her lips pursed as she thought of how to explain. "Eight there are here," she finally said. "And one that waits, and another who would join them together. But the horizon is clouded, and though that one strains to see, they cannot, for sight has been taken from them, and they can only hear now. But there is nothing but silence." Legolas shook his head slightly. "You have the gift of weaving your words with mystery." She smiled a little. "Isn't that what life is to all of us? A mystery? We can see