Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter November 20th, 2008 HAS HARRY POTTER LOST HIS MIND? Earlier this week we reported that Harry Potter, the Savior of the Wizarding World and Head Auror, had a falling out with beloved Minister Baker, who took office shortly after the Wizarding War and was the key component in helping us rebuild. At the time, it was unclear as to what this falling out was over, though sources informed us that Potter was seen shouting at the minister over the new policy requiring parents of Muggleborn children to be informed of their child's blood from birth and for the children to attend Magical Primary School, in order to prevent Muggles from discovering us through a Muggleborn child performing accidental magic. Mr. Potter has refused to comment on this argument. However, his sister-in-law, Hermione Granger-Weasley, Head of Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, has made it clear that she is adamantly against this policy. "While I agree that it would be helpful for parents to know earlier if their child is magical or not," Granger-Weasley said, "Requiring them to attend Magical Primary School tramples on their rights. If parents are allowed to decide if their child attends Hogwarts or not, they should be allowed to decide if they want their child to attend Muggle or Magical Primary School. Many Muggleborn children, after all, will one day return to the Muggle World and will need the schools taught in Muggle School." The Minister has expressed that he understands where Granger-Weasley is coming from, but the necessity to protect our secret far outweighs her concerns. He has also made it clear that there are some reforms coming regarding the Magical Primary School and what is being taught to our students. Many have speculated that these reforms may be the cause of Potter's anger. However, we reached out to one of Potter's coworkers in order to attempt to figure out just what is going on. While most were unwilling to give us any information, one auror, who has requested to remain anonymous, did give us a few details, claiming that Potter has been very paranoid lately. "He's convinced that the government is trying to take over," our tip informed us, "He thinks that they are trying to gain control of all citizens as well as slowly eradicating all connections to the Muggle World, including creating a purely pureblood government by slowly weeding out all Muggleborns and Half-Bloods in the government and any high positions." They continued by informing us that Potter believes that the ministry plans to not only create a purely pureblood government, but also a purely pureblood Wizarding World, insinuating that the Ministry plans on killing any other blood status. We have done quite a bit of research on these claims and have found no evidence to support Potter's paranoid ideas that are quite obviously stemming from Potter's time fighting in the War. He seems to be mistaking the government's attempts at preventing a War between Muggles and Magical folk for Death Eater propaganda and we have to wonder how his mental state is for these misconceptions to come across. We will update you more on this story as it develops. ~ Davena Close Daily Prophet Journalist November 23 rd , 2008 WEREWOLF PROTECTION ACT OVERTURNED Hermione Granger-Weasley, War Hero and Head of Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, created the Werewolf Protection Act in 1999, not even ten years ago. The Act protects werewolves from discrimination in the government and work force. Through the Act, no one is allowed to be fired simply for being a Werewolf, and the Wolfsbane Potion has been made readily available to all werewolves in order to allow them to keep their mind during the full moon. It also made it illegal for employers to pay them less due to their condition or treat them different from any other employee. The Act also protected Werewolves from government discrimination or punishment for their condition. They are to be treated like any other criminal if they commit a crime. This Act has been in place for nine years now and have helped several werewolves live a fairly normal life, thanks to Mrs. Granger-Weasley. However, after Reannon Underhill, under Wolfsbane, visited her ex-boyfriend, Pearce Chambers, and maliciously murdered him and his new girlfriend, Desirae Smith, doubts about this Act began to come underway. This morning, the Ministry overturned this Act. In the statement sent out, they explained their reasoning. "Werewolves are dangerous and to pretend as if they are the same as us is ignorant and naïve. We need to protect our own." Many are outraged, including Hermione Granger-Weasley, who sat down with an interview with us. "We cannot blame all werewolves on the action of one!" she told us, "There is always going to be those who are evil, who want to hurt, but not all of them do. In fact, most, when under Wolfsbane, do not want to hurt anyone. If we blamed a whole group of people for the actions of one, then all of us should be in jail right now! This people are innocent. Most did not even choose their condition and now we are just throwing them to the dogs!" Mrs. Granger-Weasley is not alone in her thoughts. Minerva McGonagall, Headmistress of Hogwarts, sent out a statement shortly after the Act was overturned, informing the Wizarding World that Hogwarts would not discriminate against werewolves as long as she was the Headmistress, and any and all children wishing to learn to control their magic were welcome. After taking away this right from Werewolves, it's hard to tell how far the ministry will go. ~Nina Waterman The Quibbler Journalist November 24th, 2008 BOY-WHO-LIVED THREATENS MINISTER OF MAGIC Things just keep getting crazier and crazier in regards to the current feud between Head Auror Harry Potter and Minister of Magic Richard Baker. Our inside source in the Auror Department, who still has requested to remain anonymous, has given us a scoop that you won't believe. Yesterday, the Minister visited the Auror Department. For what reason, we are unsure, but we believe that it has something to do with the Minister's obvious attempt at rekindling what used to be a fairly strong relationship between the two. However, our confidant inside informed us that the two had a conversation in Potter's office which resulted in shouting. "Auror Potter just kept yelling at him, saying that he wouldn't get away with it and that he was going to arrest him. I don't know what it is," claimed our source, "He does not seem to have the best grip on reality at the moment." We have delved into this story to try and figure out more regarding Potter's mental health and the feud between him and the Minister. Minister Baker's private assistant, Macie Brewer, had a few words to say on the matter when asked about it. "I know that the world wishes that Potter came out of the war relatively unscathed, but that is just not possible. I know for a fact that Potter has been seeing a therapist for PTSD but it is obviously not working," we were told, "Potter has gotten an idea stuck in his head that the Minister is out to destroy his life, which cannot be farther from the truth. The Minister is simply concerned about Potter's mental health considering the fact that the man is running the Auror office." With all this coming to light of Harry Potter's mental health, we are beginning to question just how long he will last as Head Auror. ~Davena Close Daily Prophet Journalist November 26 th , 2017 POTTER STARTS INVESTIGATION AGAINST THE MINISTER In a move that has both stunned and irritated thousands, Harry Potter has officially launched an investigation against Minister of Magic, Richard Baker, under the claim that the Minister has killed a Muggleborn child. The child that this is about is Grace Waterman. She just had her eleventh birthday and would be attending Hogwarts in September if not for a home invasion that left her, her parents, and her younger brother dead. Because Waterman was a Muggleborn, this case was taken up by the Auror department, as well as Muggle Authorities. Muggle Authorities have already arrested someone for their murders, but Potter is convinced that the man is innocent. We were finally able to get a few words from the man, though he refused to sit down for an interview. "Details involved in the investigation have led me to believe that the murderer was a wizard," Potter claims, "And other evidence points to the Minister." He would not tell us what this evidence was and we find it hard to believe that the Minister would ever harm a Muggleborn child, especially after his recent visit to St. Mungos Hospital where he visited a Muggleborn Hogwarts Students suffering from a Quidditch Injury (more details on his visit on Page 4). How much longer will Potter be allowed to speak such slanderous words? We at the Daily Prophet are horrified to see that he is still running the Aurors! Surely the government will step in soon. Our Aurors have much more problems to be worrying about than a false investigation created by a mad man! ~Davena Close Daily Prophet Journalist November 29 th , 2008 HERMIONE GRANGER-WEASLEY DISMISSED FROM HER POSITION In a surprising move, Minister of Magic Richard Baker has dismissed Hermione Granger-Weasley from her role as Head of Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Granger-Weasley has apparently sat down for an interview with the Quibbler regarding Harry Potter's claims and the ministry was not about to stand for that. Many have already been calling for Harry Potter's dismissal from his position due to his claims, but the Minister has informed us that as Potter has not spoken to a news source about such things, he has done nothing wrong. Granger-Weasley, however, slandered Minister Baker's name in her interview, and the interview has been ceased by the government and will not be published. The Quibbler is also facing serious charges regarding it, with many believing that the newspaper, who has avoided discussing the scandal until now, will be fined heavily or even forced to close down. This move has been met by high approval from most of the public, though a small portion, mainly Muggleborn groups, are outraged. "This is a clear attack on her blood!" Lee Thomas, Radio Broadcaster, argued this morning on his show, "She did nothing wrong but because she is a Muggleborn, they found an excuse to fire her. The Ministry is trying to rid the government of Muggleborns and it is a clear violation of the Muggleborn Protection Clause put into place by Kingsley Shacklebolt right after the War. We cannot stay silent about this!" Lee Thomas is only one of many who have been pulling the Blood Card, but we at the Daily Prophet promise you that her blood has nothing to do with her dismissal. She slandered the name of the Minister and that gives him right to do whatever he wants. She could have been sentenced to Azkaban. It's only a matter of time before Potter loses his job as well. ~Davena Close Daily Prophet Journalist November 30th, 2008 MINISTER OF MAGIC ATTENDS LILY LUNA POTTER'S BIRTHDAY PARTY Lily Luna Potter, youngest child of Harry and Ginny Potter, turned one today and a big party was thrown at Potter Mansion. Big, however, is relative. The party consisted of strictly family (which, as many know, is very large as Ginny used to be a Weasley) and close friends. A few of Harry and Ginny's coworkers were spotted attending as well, along with their children. We were able to get a few pictures of the party which can be seen below. Little Lily appears to have gotten a practice broomstick for her birthday, something that seems to be a tradition now, and the