Disclaimer: I own nothing but the plot and some lovely OC's that might jump in there. Oh, I also own some of the outfits. (: Before Note: Many of you know this story from what I had previously started before my accident. Please be aware that it is not the exact same. As I have stated before, the underlying plot is the same but I've decided to take a different approach. Please, please, please keep this in mind as you are reading! Thank you all. It's 1923. Women are homemakers and the Chicago Mafia is running around with all the power. Fresh from the small town of Forks, Washington, Isabella Swan has become the biggest Chicago reporter under the aliases I.M. Swan. When a stranger set on revenge discovers the truth of her gender, he threatens to reveal and destroy her unless she gets him the one thing he wants. A story to bring down the biggest mafia in the world. To the people, they're known as The Capones, under Al Capone. But in reality, they're the Masens, under Edward Masen. Prologue Wednesday, August 22, 1928 Five years ago, on this exact date, I met the love of my life. Four years ago, on this exact date, I lost someone important to me. Three years ago, on this exact date, I welcomed Angelo Masen into my life. Two years ago, on this exact date, a hole was dug deep into my heart. One year ago, on this exact date, I was given one of the best blessings ever. It was a pattern. Good, bad, good, bad, good. This was a year for the bad and it just might be the last. The choice was up to me. But either way, I died... and so did he. There was a gun to my head but a knife to his back. Ruin my life to destroy his or lose my life to empty his? I looked down at my protruding stomach and sighed. A simple story brought me to this life. A simple story brought me to him. Now, underneath my fingertips lay the button that could send this story off and end all. A gun to my head but a knife to his back. Say yes and the gun is lowered but the knife is inserted and twisted. Delete and the knife is thrown away but the trigger is pulled that will release a bullet on a mission to blow my brains out. It seemed I had one decision to make. Love or life? "We love you, Edward Masen. We always will." I whispered as I hit the final key. Chapter 1 Tuesday, August 21, 1923 "And how is the writing coming along?" Mama's voice sounded through the phone. I smiled as played with the frayed ends of my night dress. I lay on tiny bed as the residents above me were yelling, again. "It is coming along well, Mother. I've become the biggest reporter in the city and they've yet to know who I am." I sighed, content with the status of my life in this current moment. "And how is Angela, darling? Her family misses her so. Says they wish she would call them." Oh, my mother. Always intruding on other's familial matters. "Angela is doing well and she will call when she's ready, Mother." I explained, sounding exasperated but truly amused at my mother, once again. The church bells tolled nine times, reminding me of the hour. "Mother, it's getting late. I must be going soon." "Oh, I know, dear. But I miss you so much." Her voice dropped to a saddened tone and it tore at my heart. "When are you coming home to visit?" "Soon, Mama. I promise." I whispered, as I had plenty times before. "I love you, Isabella. As does your father." My mama said, trying to prolong me hanging up. "I love you, too, Mama. Goodbye now." Before she could respond, I hung up the telephone. Angela came into my bedroom right as the line clicked dead. "Was that your mother?" She asked carefully, sitting upon my bed. "Yes, it was her. She says that your family would-" Angela silenced me as she held up her hand. "I know, but I'm not ready yet." She whispered, tears evident in her voice. When I had decided to move to Chicago, my best friend, Angela Weber, had made the decision to move with me. My parents, accepting my dream, allowed me to move and they thought that having Angela with me would make it less unbearable to part with me. Angela's parents, however, were not as accepting. On the night before our move, they had a huge argument, cementing Angela's decision to move with me. Every Sunday evening, when my mother calls, she always asks me to convince Angela to speak to her family. I gathered her in my arms before she could fall apart and whispered, "Angel, you only need to when you're ready. But you miss them, and they miss you. It makes the most sense to call them." "I- Okay." She whispered, as she had every time we went through this. But she still had yet to call. "Now, wipe those tears, Angel. We've got a busy morning tomorrow." I said after her tears had dried up. "It is Monday, after all." Angela finished our inside joke. We laughed together before she gave me a hug and sighed, "Goodnight Bell." "Goodnight Angel." I sang as she danced out of my room. I snorted at her unladylike antics. Oh, if her mama could see her today. I thought to myself as I turned out the light and laid my head down to rest. Wednesday, August 22, 1923 The combination of the sound bells tolling and the warmth of the sun's rays awoke me from my sleep. Little did I know that last night would be the last peaceful sleep I would get in a long time coming. "Oh, goodmorning!" Angela exclaimed shocked as she walked into my bedroom with a cup of tea in her hands. "What a pleasant surprise, Angel." I spoke with sleep in my voice. Although my mind was still in a state of waking up, I wasn't stupid. She wanted something, as always. I shook my head and laughed at her, saying, "What do you want?" "You caught me, Bell." Angel laughed as she set the tea town on my bedside table. "Michael Newton wants a date with me but I told him I have to speak to you about it. So, Bell, what do ya say?" "Tonight?" I asked as I sat up. Angel never asked for anything unless she really wanted it. She wouldn't go out on dates unless I was okay with it. "Yes, Bell. Tonight." She replied with a voice full of hope. I shook my head and laughed at her. "I guess but please be back before nine. You know that that's when the crazy people come out." Angel squealed and hugged me as tight as she could while whispering, "Thank you so much!" over and over again in my ear. "No problem, Angel. I trust your judgment." I smiled as I hugged her back before remembering the time. "I have to get dressed now. Must find something new to write about." "Oh, yes." Angela said as she skipped out of my room. Once again shaking my head at her antics, I stood up and walked to my closet. I decided today would be a simple day and went with a light blue sundress. I gently snatched the white cardigan my mother knitted me as a gift and slipped it on. Today, I felt like being something sweet. I slipped my feet into white ballet flats and secured my pearl earrings into my ear. What's a woman without pearls? Before leaving my bedroom, I put on my locket with the pictures of myself and my family inside and grabbed my light blue clutch. Running a brush through my long, wavy hair, I decided to put it into a middle ponytail and slipped into the bathroom to do my morning routine. After brushing my teeth and applying the slightest amount of lipstick, I was ready to leave. "Have a good day, Angel!" I called out as I left the apartment. "Be good, Bell!" She replied with her normal response. I laughed as I skipped down the steps of my building and pushed the door open to the outside. "Oh, the air of Chicago!" I sang as I took in a deep breath of fresh air. I decided to stop at the grocery store to browse for what would be needed later. The walk took no longer than two minutes before I was in the dairy isle, browsing for milk. As I reached forward to grab one, a hand bumped into mine, sending waves of intensity through my arm. I looked up at the owner of said hand and gasped. "I'm sorry, madam." A velvet voice spoke from perfect lips. The man had bright, green eyes and hair that was disarray underneath his fedora. His toned skin went well with his vibrant eyes that made my heart race. A crooked smile spread across his face. This man made my 5'7" body of pale skin with brown hair and brown eyes feel as if I were less than ordinary next to him. His frame towered over mine and it was clothed in a nice suit that reminded me of the images of mobsters. Something about this man screamed run but my body wouldn't bolt because something made me stay. "I'm Edward." "Isa- Isabella." I stuttered through the response of my own name as my clouded mind began to clear up. "I'm Isabella." "Well, Isabella, it's a pleasure to meet you." Edward chuckled as he stretched his hand out to grasp mine. I shook it slightly before shaking my head to clear the lingering clouds. "I'm assuming that you want that milk." "Um.. actually, I can wait. I don't want to have to haul it around town while go walking." I said, my voice steady. A smile spread across Edward's face and I damned him for being so gorgeous. Using this chance as my out, I said, "I uh.. I must be going now." "Wait," Edward called out before I could completely turn my back towards him. "You're gorgeous, Ms. Isabella. May I take you out on a date?" "Oh, Mr. Edward, you have it wrong. I don't date." It wasn't a lie. I came to Chicago to work on my career and called off dating, but I couldn't tell him all that. "Well surely you can make an exception, can you not?" He spoke confidently and I just wanted to kiss the smirk off his lips. But that was not me. I'm not even sure where that thought came from. Sensing my hesitation, Edward shrugged and grasped at my hand that had fallen to my side. "I'll tell you what. I'll give you my phone number and you call me when you're ready for a date. The offer will be ever standing." "Oh, Mr. Edward, I cannot. You must have some gorgeous woman awaiting your call at this very second." The words slipped out of my mouth and I slapped a hand over it in surprise. I had just insulted this man who may as well be of very high social standing. How could I? My face flamed with embarrassment, I quickly said, "Oh dear, I'm so sorry about what I just said. I hadn't meant it. Please forgive me." "Feisty but sweet, I forgive you, Ms. Isabella," He spoke, laughing. "But only under one condition." "And what might that be, sir?" I asked, amused that he thought I was feisty. "A date." I wasn't even shocked at that. "You give me a date, and I'll forgive you." "Why, Mr. Edward?" I was confused as to why this man would want such a thing. "Why a date