Chapter 1: The Beginning It only takes one bad day. One moment in time that erases all of your morals. All of your values. And turns you into something unrecognizable. There is an anger that spreads through you, like poison. And though a million things are running through your head—you still have to decide what to do with that anger. And you must do it before the darkness takes over. Or your life no longer belongs to you. All it takes is one bad day. Four years ago… I come to. For a moment, everything is dark and blurry—but I can tell I am somewhere unfamiliar. There is a small flickering light above, only allowing me to see so much. I try to move my hands, and it is then I realize that my hands are chained together. I notice that my feet are barely touching the ground, I feel the aching in my arms. I've been here for some time. My eyesight finally focuses, and from the sight in front of me—I remember exactly how I got here. An anger—a monstrous, untamed anger is ignited. I can feel it burning under my skin. "Astoria!" I scream, but she doesn't answer. She sits in the chair across from where I am standing. I can't see her face, only her ragged blonde hair which shades her. Her red dress is torn in several places—I can see the purple stain of bruises on her skin. What did they do to her while I was unconscious? "ASTORIA!" I scream again, this time louder. I can feel the room vibrate at the sound of my voice. I try to break the chains holding me back from her, but they are stronger than I am. I pull again, but they do not budge. But in this moment, I won't deny that I am helpless. The next sound I hear is the voice of man. A man whose very existence brings nothing but plague and utter dismay. A man I once saw as a friend, but now he means nothing to me. He is dead to me. Yet the sound of his voice is as real as it's always been. The ghost who has come to haunt me. Theodore Nott. "Draco, Draco." He teases, stepping into the room as if he is Salazar himself. He is brave enough to walk in alone because I am chained to his wall. He knows if I get free I will kill him. But I can't get free. He's going to kill me. "I wouldn't worry about her." He continues. "I would be more worried about you." He then proceeds to walk towards her, running his fingers through her hair. I immediately react, forgetting that I'm chained up. " Don't touch her!" The sound of the chains echo through the room—making the moment sweeter for this man I hated. I watch him pull out his wand—thirteen inch, black walnut, dragon heartstring. He walks towards me, a childish glint in his eyes. He's been waiting for this moment. "I told you what would happen, Malfoy." He says. "If you continued to interfere with my work. Potter, out of all people, got the message. But you…you just couldn't mind your fucking business." The next sound was my agonizing screams. Nott cast the cruciatus curse—my skin felt like fire, I felt like a million needles were being rammed through my bones. My legs grew weak, but I couldn't fall. As much as I wanted to fight back, I couldn't. But even when the curse subsided, I still denied the fact that I was losing. "So what is this? A temper tantrum, Nott?" I retort. I hoped that my words would anger him more, get him off his game. But he doesn't react, he only smiles wider. "Even when you're at your losses, you still have to have the last word." He chuckles. "And that—is what makes this moment even greater than what it is." The tip of his wand glowed a deadly green. I knew that this was the end. He was going to kill me. There was so much I wanted to say. To Nott. To Astoria. I wanted to tell her I was sorry for dragging her into this. I wanted to tell her to be strong when I'm gone. I wanted to tell her that I loved her. That I was fine leaving this world knowing that she had loved me for who I was. But she would never know. I closed my eyes, waiting for the curse to strike. But as I heard the words leave his mouth, I still felt my heart beating with regret and fear. It all felt as real as if I was still alive. The weight of the world still weighed on my shoulders. And that's when I realized. I hadn't closed my eyes at all. "NOOOOOOO!" I roared. There she sat, motionless. "ASTORIA! ASTORIAAAA!" But I know she won't answer me. This time I can't feel my legs. My heart hurts—and it continues to shatter as I stare. He was supposed to kill me. I thought he was going to kill me. The tears burn my skin, but I cannot stop them. The anger in me boils to a new level. I cannot run to her. I cannot hold her for the last time. Here I am, chained to this wall—trapped in this room, with my dead wife. "THEODORE!" I scream. "THEODORE!" But he is gone. And so is she. Present Day. Masked Vigilante Strikes Again: Ollivander's Saved Seamus Finnegan throws today's Prophet on my desk. He's grown fascinated with the so called "vigilante" and I seem to be the only one in the department who holds his same interest. We've been at it for the past couple years—ever since the vigilante made his first appearance in Diagon Alley. He saved Seamus during a hostage situation—I was knocked out cold in the lobby of Gringotts and had to hear the exciting story afterwards. "Ollivander said it happened so quick," He says excitedly. "He forgot he was being robbed." I picked up the prophet, skimming the contents. "He says they were trying to steal blueprints? Why not take the wands themselves?" Seamus shrugs. "I dunno. But word is it's the same people who tried to pull a fast one on Grigorovitch." "So they're going after wand makers?" I say, confused. "What benefit would they have doing that when could they could just force Ollivander or Gregorovitch to make them one?" "Same question the boss asked." I continue to read the paper, but something tells me to look up. And as I do, that something has my eyes locked on her. Hermione Granger. One of the top specialists for the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. As usual, she walks with a sense of purpose—her hands full of file folders and loose sheets of parchment. And as usual, she doesn't notice me staring at her. "She just broke things off with Weasley," I hear Seamus say. "This would be a perfect time—" "No." I respond immediately. "I'm not…she needs her space." "Oh, come on Draco. I've watched you miserably fancy her since forever, even more since she's moved to our floor. This is your chance." I thought about it, and Seamus was right. This is the perfect time. But fate had other plans. "Malfoy! Finnegan!" The words came from our boss. The head of the Auror Department. Harry Potter. There were years where I hated him, truly hated him. But after what happened with Astoria, we made amends. He was the only one who was there for me. He opened the door to his office. "In here." Seamus and I make our way towards Potter's office. It's an office I've been in many times—for multiple reasons. I wasn't always the best Auror in the department—I've had my set of mishaps. And when I became partners with Seamus, it got even worse. We weren't always the best of pals. I've broken his nose a few times—more than I care to remember. We sat down in the chairs across from him, and I could tell that Potter had his hands full with something. His desk was covered in papers and crumbled up memos. If I had to guess, it had something to do with the Wand Shop robberies. No one knew exactly how to handle it. There hadn't been an attack on Ollivander's since the second wizarding war—ten years ago. "You seem to have your work cut out for you, eh Potter?" says Seamus. Harry shakes his head, and I can tell he's tired. "More than I can admit. There's too much going on at one time. The attacks on the wand shops, the random genetically engineered creatures that are popping up, and this damn vigilante. " So, that's why Granger is so busy. I think to myself. That's probably the reason Kingsley had her moved to our floor. The Minister probably thought these incidents were all connected. "Is that why Granger's moved to our floor?" I ask. "The Minister thinks these events are all connected?" " I moved Hermione down to our floor." Responds Harry. "Kingsley doesn't think the events are connected, but I have a…feeling that they are." Seamus crosses his legs. "What sparked that feeling?" At Seamus's question, I notice Harry's face transforms into a frown. Something deeper and darker than a frown. A nauseating feeling rises in my stomach—he is staring right at me. He's trying not to, but I don't think he can help it. I think all of this has something to do with me. Harry pulls out a portfolio from out of the stack of parchment on his desk. That feeling a nausea hardens into a rock—I know that portfolio. It belongs to Theodore Nott—the man who killed my wife. "A couple days ago, the guards at Azkaban discovered that Nott has been sending outside messages through an unknown source. The last message he sent out occurred on the same night Gregorovitch was attacked." "And you think he has something to do with it?" Seamus asks. The other wizard sighs. "I don't know what to think. Nott's been in Azkaban for the last four years—and I just can't help but think…" I know what he's thinking. After he murdered Astoria, we caught Theodore Nott. Well, Harry and group of Aurors did. I wasn't allowed to join the party—for Nott's sake. I would've killed him. Even now, I still dream of walking into Azkaban and ending him. But those four years ago, after we caught Nott, the Vigilante appeared. "You think his unknown source is the Vigilante?" I ask. As outrageous as it sounds, it's Potter's job to think of the outrageous. After everything he's been through, no feeling is a bad feeling. And no crazy idea is actually crazy. We live in a world where people use wands to fight instead of fists. Seamus scoffs. Like I said, he is a hardcore Vigilante fan. "There's no way the Vigilante is working with Theodore Nott. He saved Gregorovitch." "Because maybe Nott wanted him to," I respond, feeding into Harry's suspicions. "Gregorovitch used to make wands for Nott's grandfather—who would then pass those wands down to his sons, who would pass it down to theirs." "So what? Nott got word that some blokes were going to attack Gregorovitch and he sends the Vigilante? That's barmy." "Nothing is barmy, Finnegan." Harry says. "But this is a start—" "Nott's a criminal!" Seamus argues. I cross my arms. "So is the Vigilante." "Draco, you can't honestly believe—" "He assaulted an Auror last week, Seamus. Almost killed him." I sound more disappointed than serious. As if the Vigilante's actions are my actions. "He has no regard for magical law enforcement, and that makes him no better than Nott or anyone else we've put in Azkaban." I look at Seamus, and he gives me a cryptic look. He wants to chew a new hole in