Only One Disclaimer: I own nothing of the Hunger Games, if I did things would've been tweaked here and there. Just saying. AN: So I posted this story a long time ago but eventually I took it down cause I didn't have the time to dedicate to it and honestly thought I never would. However, I recently came across it on my computer and the desire to write again came to me. I have changed some things around so if anyone read this previously I have changed it a bit. This story has an AU element to it, Cato and Clove are both still alive and were in different Hunger Games, him the 71 st her the 72 nd . This story will take place when Peeta and Katniss are on their Victory Tour. You'll see why. Chapter 1: Her Boys "Andrew Philip Banner come back here!" The frazzled 19-year old young woman chased after a highly energetic 4-year old boy who had a hand towel tucked into the collar of his shirt in the back like a cape while he ran around the house with his arms outstretched in front of him with just a pair of superhero underwear. "Zoom, zoom, zoom!" He weaved his body side to side pretending to fly all the while evading the attempts made to catch him. Clove Banner came to stop holding her side as she watched her son continue to rush around the dining room table. I'm still not so sure why he's so against bath time. "Andrew sweetie, come on you need to get cleaned up for bed." Andrew spun around his 'cape' flying around with him in half laying over his shoulder now. He grinned toothily up at his mother while shaking his head rapidly. "Drew, this isn't up for discussion." A sigh left the little boy as he heard his mother's voice grown sterner; he knew she meant business now. She had been chasing after him for ten minutes and she had reached the end of her patience. "Okay Mommy." A little dejectedly, he walked over to Clove allowing her to pull the towel from his shirt and escort him back to the bathroom where she was already drawing him a bath. Even though he wasn't technically a baby anymore, Clove still didn't feel completely comfortable letting Andrew shower just yet. She tossed the hand towel into the growing pile of clothes she still had to do later that night after she had put Andrew to bed before turning her attention back to her little superhero. "Don't look." Clove laughed as she saw her 4-year old miming for her to cover her eyes so he could get undressed in peace. "Yes sir." As per his request she shut her eyes and placed her hands over them for good measure mentally picturing him waving his hand in front of her face to check she couldn't see anything. A few seconds later she could hear a slight rustling then a far too loud splash telling her Andrew had gotten in the tub. "Oh honey." When she popped her eyes open she saw the pool of water on the floor thanks to his entrance into his bath but his giggling and bright eyes was all it took to erase any annoyance or anger she might have normally felt. "You're a little monster sometimes little man." The young mother retrieved the towel Andrew had taken earlier using it to mop up the mess he had made chucking back onto the pile of laundry once she was done. "Mommy can I have my toys?" "Oh right I'm sorry baby." Hurriedly, Clove made it to her linen cabinet where the bottom shelf held a tub full of bath toys she and Andrew had decided on a year ago adding new ones every once in awhile. "Here you go." She set the plastic bin on the edge of the tub well within his reach. "After you play a little while I'll come in and we'll get your hair washed okay?" All she got was a nod in response for most of his attention had already switched to his action figures. The one of a fellow Victor of hers brought a smile to her lips. After a moment of reflection, Clove shook herself mentally meandering over to pick up the laundry basket balancing it on her hip as she cast one last lingering look at her little boy before heading off to the laundry room to start a load. A lot of things had changed since her participation in the 72nd Hunger Games. For starters she wasn't just pregnant anymore; she was a single mother. When she had gotten selected for the Games she didn't know she was pregnant, it was only until after she won and the doctors were giving her the initial check-up to see how she was after faring in the arena and surprised her with the news. To say having just won the Hunger Games and finding out you were pregnant all at just 15-years old would be a shock to anyone. Clove came out of her memory momentarily as she thought of the loser who had somehow convinced her getting her first time out of the way sooner rather than later was a good idea. Just because she was a trained killer didn't mean the academy taught her how not to be so easily influenced by a gorgeous smile and pretty words. She chucked a pair of jeans into the washer a bit more forcefully than needed the rest of her clothes receiving the same treatment as they followed. Andrew's father's name was Trenton Mills. He had been seventeen at the time he had gotten Clove pregnant but when she went and told him the news a mere day after getting back home he claimed she was lying and told her to go ahead and check his name off of her list of possible fathers. It had enraged her because he knew he was her first and only but it was clear he wanted zero responsibility in this and nothing she said was going to change his mind. Forget the fact that I was the one who got judged and had to wear the evidence of what I had done under my sweater. Andrew had never met his father and he never would. Trenton had moved to District 4 three years ago and from what she had heard his mother tell the townsfolk he loved it there, even had himself a girl. They were to be married this fall. Mechanically, she poured in the detergent and started up the machine heading back towards her bedroom collapsing on the soft mattress of her bed hearing Andrew splashing around in the adjoining restroom. She'd never regret what she'd done those 4 years ago because she got the blessing of Andrew out of it but it certainly had made life far more difficult than it had to be. Every year she had to go to the Capitol to mentor she had to bring Andrew along and she could tell some people saw it as a nuisance and a bother. Plus she knew he hated having to act so proper and be super well behaved while in the Capitol, but she had no one to watch him while she was away. Her parents had disowned her practically when they found out she was pregnant and her friends were limited since she could never go out and enjoy the things they could. They didn't have a baby at home. Her life could've been pretty dark with only Andrew as her source for light, but she had a best friend named Cato Reynolds, another Hunger Games victor a year earlier than herself, to make sure that never happened. Cato had been there for her through her whole pregnancy not once complaining about having to stay the night so he could tend to her midnight cravings. The whole Reynolds family had helped her out tremendously then and still now with Andrew. His mother, Barbara fixed dinner for them at least twice a week and came over to clean the house for Clove, his younger brother Zane did her yard work, and his little sister Jade babysat Andrew some nights when Cato insisted she had to get out of the house. If his family also didn't have his ailing father to look after she'd leave Andrew with them when she and Cato had to go to the Capitol but she couldn't burden them like that even though Barbara offered every year. Cato kept her sane, he had done everything he could to pull her out of that arena his first year mentoring and he had done it, he delivered on his promise to her. He had saved her life countless times. Plus Andrew just adored Cato and worshipped the ground he walked on. She couldn't help the smile that crossed her face as she thought of how excited her little man was everytime he knew Cato was coming over. To him her best friend was Superman and could do wrong, as of late she had begun to share her son's thoughts. A quick glance at her clock showed it had been about ten minutes since she had put Andrew in the bath and figured she should go ahead and get him washed up so she could put him to bed. His little chase earlier cut down his playtime in the bath, usually she gave him longer but his bedtime was fast approaching. Pushing herself up with her arms, she bunched up her sleeves as she started for the bathroom. "Okay Drew, time to wash your hair." After much debate, Clove finally had Andrew in bed and when she checked on him just now he was sound asleep. Yeah 'not tired Mommy' my ass. She smiled gently at his sleeping form before pulling the door closed again letting out a deep breath. She always felt a sense of relaxation claim her after she knew Andrew was down for the count each night. It was the only hours she had for herself and to do as she pleased, she cherished those hours. She took her time with her shower savoring the feel of the warm water raining down on her soothing her tired, aching muscles further, she could literally feel all her tension just wash itself away. She had just thrown on a top and was about to climb in bed and read a little when she heard a light tapping on her window. That can only be one person. When she glanced over her shoulder, she grinned as she saw she was right. None other than Cato Reynolds was outside her window waving at her goofily. Only you Cato. She changed her course opting to open up the window watching her best friend easily slide into her room with the grace of a cat. It was hard to think someone as tall and ripped could achieve something like that but here was exhibit A right in front of her. Once he was back up to his full height he grabbed Clove up in a hug lifting her feet from the floor momentarily. "Hey." The 19-year old tightened her arms around his neck as he hugged her happiness flooding her instantly. "Hey yourself." It wasn't unusual for Cato to visit her at night when he knew Andrew was asleep or to enter her house through the window. He didn't want to ring the doorbell and wake him up and he claimed he'd never know if she was upstairs and could hear him if he just simply knocked. Plus he liked his way better she recalled him telling her one time. Clove still couldn't for the life of her understand how he managed to get on her roof in the first place but it was Cato after all, he could do just about anything if he wanted to bad enough. "Thank God you're