" Some girls are full of heartache and poetry and those are the kind of girls who try to save wolves instead of running away from them. " Nikita Gill Summer Light shimmered across a pool of water at the mouth of a widened creek in a dense forest. The water gurgled and splashed down jutting moss covered rocks into the shallow pool a few feet below. Her hair flowed in every direction from her scalp, pale and dancing. Her face was just below the surface of the water, eyes clenched shut. She was pretending to be dead, her body a vessel she didn't have to carry any longer. The only thing left was her spirit, floating in the cool water. She unrolled all the tension from her muscles, letting her hands float. If nothing existed, then she didn't have to be something . A proper Pureblood, a wife, a mother. The water kept her safe from the world that threatened to close in on her. But the water did not freeze her in place, it did not stop time. She heard a sudden splash from a rock and came up for air. She broke the surface and sat up. Her free-flowing hair melted into a white blond curtain down her back. Her eldest sister stood before her with her arms crossed. "You're half an hour from mother dissolving into hysterics," she announced flatly. Bellatrix Black was the eldest of her siblings and perhaps the most beautiful. She was nearly as tall as a man and stood with the ferocity of a queen, back straight, unruly mess of curls flowing off her shoulders. Her voice was monotone, husky, and powerful. When she laughed, she echoed across even the loudest of rooms. No one ever looked at Bellatrix and presumed there was an ounce of fear or weakness in her. "Did you tell her I was just washing up?" she asked sweetly. She rolled her eyes. "Narcissa, you know floating all day in a creek isn't her idea of hygiene." "Of course not," she replied tersely, arranging her lips into a straight, firm line to imitate her mother, "You can certainly swim in dirty water all day if you intend to attend the Malfoy Masquerade ball smelling like a swamp !" Bellatrix's lips twitched into a smirk. Her younger sister had a talent for impressions, particularly for Druella Black, their rigidly proper mother. Druella Black was given the most unfortunate task of raising three girls in a wealthy Pureblood society that was overwhelmingly female for their generation. Meaning the prospects for securing a husband were abysmally low unless willing to sacrifice pedigree and title for a lower-class husband, who wouldn't provide the same amount of wealth. But that, in Druella's eyes, was unacceptable for her children. "Come now, Cissy," Bellatrix ordered, "before they send out Maxie." Maxie was considered the family dog. Part wolf and shepherd, she was grey and white and altogether much too intelligent for a pet. But she had a keen interest toward Narcissa, and did not stray from her side often. It was Maxie that was sent to fetch Narcissa when she had wandered too far into the forest again. She conceded to this arrangement, and pulled her naked body from the creek. Her body was underdeveloped still, at fifteen, her breasts small, hardly noticeable without a corset. Her body was unshapely and thin. Her hips had not taken on curves. Her mother, of course, manufactured a silhouette with dressing gowns and corsets for public outings. She pulled her bra and underwear on, and then pulled on the silk shorts her mother allowed her to wear for exercise or lounging and her exercising blouse. These were Muggle items, forbidden anywhere off the property, lest someone start rumors that Purebloods used such things. But it was common knowledge that when the Malfoys came to England, they lived with and very much alike Muggles. The traditions had not strayed terribly far still; she felt lower-class families certainly appeared more magical than hers. She followed her sister down the path back to the house. "Path" was an operative word, because they had not yet travelled through the same spot enough to wear away the grass. Instead, this was mapped by memory. They knew this forest as well as they knew the thoughts in their head. "Uncle Orion sent a Howler this morning," Bellatrix announced, pulling a stalk from a plant as she walked. She started breaking off the leaves in pieces. "They're still arguing over the estate." "A one-hundred-year war, then," Narcissa replied, rolling her eyes. "They cannot lay claim to our estate just because they had boys." Orion and Walburga Black were their aunt and uncle on their father's side, and since the birth of Narcissa, when it seemed clear that their family would only produce girls, they petitioned for their estate, arguing that the largest family estate should have gone to them, because Walburga gave Orion two sons, Sirius and Regulus. Otherwise, the estate would dissolve into the property of Bellatrix's future husband and would not stay part of the Black estate. It had been a tumultuous argument for as long as Narcissa could remember, once coming to blows between her father and uncle at the dinner table during the holidays. "A simple solution would be to just marry Andromeda to Sirius," Bellatrix said, shrugging her shoulders, "Andy gets to keep her beloved last name, Sirius gets the estate." "That's disgusting," Narcissa replied, wrinkling her nose. "We're all related," her sister argued, "Walburga and Orion are cousins or something. Their grandfathers were brothers. The whole society is intertwined like that." She knew that, and yet she shivered. What a strange practice. She knew the odds of her marrying someone not distantly related to her was small, but she preferred to not think about it. They came out of the woods and onto the south lawn. They walked up the sloping lawn, sweating from the hot summer air, which was more apparent without the shade of the trees. The Black estate owned roughly 150 acres of countryside, with the manor positioned in the center of a forest clearing. By contrast, Orion and Walburga Black owned a single city manor in London with half an acre. Walburga was older than her brother, Cygnus, but a woman—the property rights had fallen to Narcissa's father after his brother was eradicated from the family. They stepped onto the veranda and opened the glass doors to one of the main lounges. Her father was there, staring into the fireplace. "Your sons are one notch above being Mudbloods, you son of a bitch, so don't you dare demand anything from me!" Cygnus said, "Your wife married into your side of the family and inherited your estate. Your boys don't have rights to mine!" "Your harlot daughter Bellatrix won't have control over it," Orion argued, "Her husband will! The Black estate will be lost forever!" "Harlot daughter?" Narcissa whispered excitedly to her elder sister. She shrugged. "If the slipper fits." They exchanged smiles, and dipped out into the hall so that their father wouldn't notice them, but they held their faces against the door, still propped open. Narcissa heard Maxie trotting down the hallway, panting. "Shh, no, Max, quiet!" she whispered fiercely. The dog yipped excitedly. Druella Black came down the stairs into the hallway. "Excellent job, Maxine. You've once again proven your worth." She trained her steely eyes onto her daughters. "Other people in this household, however…" Bellatrix and Narcissa looked at one another and then shrugged. "The dog dragged in one of our owls by the neck last fall," Bellatrix said, "at least my victims don't get any blood on the floor." "How courteous of them," Druella retorted, her nostrils flaring. "Narcissa, you look like you've been swimming in a swamp again. Start your bath, we've a great deal of work to do. Bellatrix, you've the same instructions." When they were children, preparing for events like this one, the three shared baths with one another. It seemed like such an incredibly long time ago. Now she climbed the stairs to the bathroom next to her bedroom. House elves had already prepared the overlarge tub full of perfumes and bubbles. She took her clothes off and stepped into the bath, which was automatically set to her preferred temperature. She submerged her body in the water, but it didn't have the same freeing affect that the creek did. She thought perhaps her mother used some sort of enhancing potions in their baths to make them more beguiling. Her skin was softer. When she stood up and wrapped a towel around herself and saw her reflection in the mirror, her eyes were striking against her pale skin, a haunting, crisp blue. Her lips and cheeks took on a deeper hue than they would by ordinarily. Perhaps it was just a trick of the light; she couldn't be sure. But she would never underestimate her mother's ambition. She opened the door. Her mother was barking orders at Andromeda and Bellatrix from the hallway. She turned her head when she heard the door open. "Finally. Narcissa Black, always late," she tutted, and waved her wand at her. Her hair turned from dripping wet down her back to solidly dry and straight down her back. She siphoned the water into a potted plant near her. She grimaced. She hated when her mother did this. Maxie was lying on her bed when she walked into her bedroom. Narcissa's room was unquestionably hers; she had various plants in the window sills. Tendrils of ivy cascaded down from a shelf on the wall. Her colors were mostly neutral, white and beige with bright splashes of color. She had a wide built in bookshelf along one wall nearly filled. A large oil painting took up half the wall opposite of her large canopy bed. It was an image of ocean waves, which were magicked to sway and spray ocean foam continuously. She watched it sometimes when she could not sleep; it always calmed her mind and lulled her to sleep. Her closet was nearly the same size as her bedroom, complete with wall to ceiling shelving and racks for clothing. Three mirrors were placed in between some of the shelves so that she could look at herself from different angles. She dropped the towel into the laundry basket in the corner and searched through her closet for an appropriate dress. Druella appeared. "Corset. Now." She waved her wand and a drawer opened. A neatly folded corset soared through the air and hovered in front of Narcissa, who sighed. She also hated when her mother rushed her. Her mother fitted her in the corset and then ripped at the strings, pulling them so tight that she could hardly breathe. She gasped. Some years ago, Bellatrix had won the argument against wearing corsets and dressing gowns casually, but main events were still very much in Druella's control. They looked pristine, like dolls, when she was done with them. Truly, the Black sisters were something to marvel over when they were dressed up. Her body took on another shape entirely, her bust increasing in size. Her hips curved delicately in dresses. It was, in every sense of the word possible, magical. The Malfoy manor could best be described as haunted looking, set several miles away from the road and gated with high stone walls and iron pikes jutting at the top. The manor was grey mortar, made many centuries ago, with long pained gothic windows. It was rumored to have sixteen bedrooms and sixteen bathrooms. She'd heard the entirety of the fourth floor was a library. A long time ago, the Malfoys were lavishly social, hosting soirees every weekend, providing the most dazzling entertainment the society had ever witnessed. But years ago, before Narcissa was born, Abraxas Malfoy abruptly shut society out without warning or explanation, and now hosted only two events a year: the annual summer