Chapter 1 The crash. The funeral. The tears. The sadness. The loss. All of it jumbled together to form an unbearable pain in my chest. Everything that happened these passed few days has been a blur, a huge, foggy blur. I don't remember most of it; I'm trying to forget, trying to piece myself back together, but my heart has been shattered into far too many pieces for me to locate all of them. All the glue in the world wouldn't be able to put me back together. Nothing could, nothing but my mother. Even though I know she's never coming back, I still think she's going to come walking back into our small apartment the following morning with her sweet smile plastered to her face, opening her arms for me to run into. People have told me hundreds of times these past few days that it wasn't my fault, that there was nothing I could do. But deep down, I blame myself. If I hadn't have let her go, she'd still be here, she'd be with me. A day or two after the accident, I received a call informing me that because Sally Jackson was the only family I had left and she's no longer with us, that I'd have to be placed with a family. The news brought tears to my eyes. I didn't want a new family; I wanted my old one with my mother and I back in our apartment, discussing what's coming up in her new novel. But to say I wasn't surprised when I received a follow-up call, telling me where I was going, would be a lie. My jaw literally dropped when she told me the name of the family that was going to take me in. The Chases, a rich and famous family with a worldwide sensation for a daughter. Most people would think it would be cool to stay with a celebrity, but after the file I read, I'm not so sure. I'd received a file in the mail the day I'd gotten the call. Inside was a biography of the entire family to let me know more about them so I'm not totally lost when I arrive. It discussed Annabeth and her career, of course, but it also spoke of her two stepbrothers, Bobby and Matthew. They seem to be the troublemakers of the house, pranking the other family members, spray painting the walls, sneaking into their sister's room and drawing mustaches on her face in Sharpie markers-Personally, I thought this one was hilarious. Their father, Fredrick Chase, was a huge airplane fanatic and often reconstructed old planes back into working order which would explain why they had an airplane hanger built into their house. Martha Chase was Annabeth's stepmother and according to the file, they had a strained stepmother/daughter relationship. They have an extremely hard time getting along. The two constantly bicker and scream and yell, throwing insults at the other. The file said that Annabeth lost her mother at a young age and she still has a hard time with her death. It also said Little Miss Popstar has an attitude problem which only angers Mrs. Chase even more. The family doesn't seem bad, but I'm a mellow, laid back kind of guy and I doubt that I'd fit in with all the chaos going on inside the house. That's basically what happened and it explains why I'm currently exiting the plane in San Francisco, California, searching for the Chases outside the airport terminal. With so many people bustling around, it's even harder for me to located the family that I'd only ever seen in photos. Swiveling my head back and forth, I searched from the left to right and finally, I found them. But it turns out them was a him and him was not Fredrick Chase. Confused? So am I. There was a short, thin man holding a white sign with my name scribbled across it in black dry erase marker. He had silvery gray hair neatly slicked back and a freshly pressed gray suit, shiny black loafers on his feet. He was an older man, probably in his mid-fifties and held himself in such a way that screamed "proper". His poster was stick straight and not once did he slouch. White gloves covered his long, slender fingers. A golden pocket watch was tucked into his pocket which he frequently pulled out to check the time almost like he was afraid he'd be late for something. I was about to go over to him, but I hesitated. This man had this air to him that made him seem unapproachable and his fancy clothes did nothing but make me feel silly with my ratty t-shirt and holey jeans. Contemplating my options, I realized I only had two choices: a) pretend I didn't notice him and leave, or b) suck it up and go over to the creepy guy who will take me to a famous family I'd never even met. Let's go with A. No no, option B. I went back and forth in my head, unable to make a decision. But I didn't have to because the man in the suit lifted his eyes and they rested on me. He stuck up his right hand and made the "come here" gesture with his pointer finger. I sighed. Option B it is. Placing the strap of my duffel bag over my shoulder, I strode over to him, taking as much time as possible by constantly slowing my pace. When I reached him, he stuck out a gloved hand for me to shake and said: "It's so nice to finally make your acquaintance, Percy. My name is Walter and I'm the Chase's butler. They sent me to retrieve you and bring you to the house." Cool. He has a British accent. "Nice to meet you, too." I replied, shaking his hand. "Come. The Chase's are expecting you." He led me out of the terminal toward a glossy black limo. Walter took my bags and placed them into the trunk before opening the door and ushering me inside. Let me just say, limo's are nice. The inside had leather seats with a mini fridge in the corner, sporting all different kinds of sugary beverages. There were lights on the ceiling, flashing vibrant colors throughout the interior. DVD's were neatly stacked beside a huge flat screen TV built into the side of the limo. A digital panel with a touch screen sat next to me on the seat with a list of songs ranging from pop to rap to hip hop to country to rock. Any song you wanted was at the touch of your finger. There was no doubt in my mind that this was the Chase's personal limo. I grabbed a Coke out of the fridge and sat in the seat at the left side of the limo, opposite the TV. Opening the tab, I took a long sip and tried to relax, soaking in the quiet before the chaos that will no doubt occur. I stared at the blank TV screen, attempting to calm my nerves, but the butterflies that decided to take residence in my stomach obviously didn't get the hint that I wanted them to move out. "Percy" I jumped, not at all expecting Walter to appear on the screen, especially not so suddenly either. " Sorry to scare to you, but I wanted to inform you that we'll be arriving shortly and I thought it best if you take a moment to yourself before you're smothered with questions." That's what I'd been trying to do before you gave me a heart attack. "Ok. Thanks, Walter." He disappeared and the screen became blank once again. "Oh. One last thing, Percy. Then, I'll let you be," He said, once again appearing on the screen. "I know of what happened to you recently and I know you probably loathe the fact that you have to be here at all, but I want you to know that you're not alone. I lost my mother also and I know how hard this will be for you so if you ever need anything, anything at all, don't hesitate to ring me. And if you don't want to talk about it to me, I'm sure Annabeth would listen. I'm not sure if you've been told, but she too lost her mother about…what was it….seven years ago, I do believe. She'll understand what you're going through and I'm positive she'd be glad to help you cope." "Thank you, Walter, for everything. You don't even know how much I appreciate it. This whole thing has been really hard for me and I thought I'd have to go through it alone. Before, I doubted that anyone would really care because no offense, but the Chase's seem kind of…well…stuck up. And too busy with their own lives to really care about mine. Oh that reminds me. Why did the Chase's, one the richest families on the planet, want me, a loser who can't get above a C average and has no possible future in acting or whatever. Hell, my grades can't even get me into a good college and I'm awful at anything that involves standing in front of large numbers of people and talking or singing. So, why me?' "Because you're mother would have done the same for him. You probably aren't aware of this, but your mother and Mr. Chase were friends in high school. Those two were inseparable, attached to the hip, until your mother met Poseidon. Then, they grew apart; Sally spent too much attention on your father and not enough on Mr. Chase. Eventually, she forgot about him altogether. As you can imagine, Mr. Chase was devastated, his best friend in the whole world no longer had time for him. When high school ended, your mother and Poseidon married and later on had you. Sally was happy until your father started his new job. He worked as a marine biologist and was gone at sea for long periods throughout the year and when he did return home, he was always in a hurry and would make excuses to leave the house. One night, he'd told your mother he had a business meeting, but she was suspicious and followed him. Instead of work, he went into a tiny house at the edge of town and met a woman. Sally recognized her as Amphitrite, his secretary at the firm he worked for. She quickly caught on that he was having an affair and she left him. Poseidon was outraged. He left their apartment screaming and yelling about how he never wanted to see her again and when she needed him most, he wouldn't be there. And I'm sorry to say this, Percy, but he kept his promise." "What do you mean?" "That's not important right now." "But it's important to me." "Anyway, back to the story," Walter continued, ignoring my statement completely. "Poseidon and Sally divorced and he later remarried to Amphitrite which is how your half brothers came along." "Half brothers? Wait, wait, wait. You're telling me I have other family that I had no idea exists? Why aren't I going to stay with them? Why do I have to live here and not there?" "Once again, it's not important so I suggest you stop asking because I can't and won't answer you're question. You're wasting your breath." Just as I opened my mouth to retort, he said: "We're here." He hopped out of the driver's seat and hurried to get my bags. As I stepped out of the car, I took in my surrounds and- Oh my gods. The house that stood before me couldn't have shocked me more even if it grew bunnies ears and called itself the Easter Bunny. It was enormous and as you can imagine, incredibly expensive. Now, I expected a big, crazy fancy house, but this, this is not a house. This was a mansion