Three years ago I believed my younger brother was dead. "The Chosen One," prophesied to survive the Unforgivable Killing curse as a child - one cast by none other than the darkest wizard of our time- and destroy him. A rumor that soared around during 1981 which attracted the attention of Lord Voldemort, leading to the death of the Potter family - my family. What brought the demise to the core of wizard gossip was when I was the only one found at the scene. I could remember it as if it had happened yesterday... My father pushing me into the closet to hide me as I pleaded him to tell me what was wrong. Mother was crying, cradling my baby brother in her arms and trying to lock herself in the bedroom. I'd peeked from the spots through the closet door and sobbed into my hand, practically blinded by the repetitive green flashes and the piercing cries. I could do nothing about it. I'd woken in the arms of a man cloaked in black, his cheeks stained with tears and his eyes glistening with a dark sorrow, carrying me away from Godric's Hollow. The same man looked at me with remorse once I'd regained consciousness and uttered the words, "They're gone." Words I had believed ever since. Although the prophecy was deemed a hoax and a tragedy, although my brother had never been sighted and had become nothing but a forgotten tale, although the stranger and the trustworthy alike claimed him dead, my visions were clouded by one thing and one thing only - a young boy as thin as a stick with raven hair, round glasses, and piercing eyes colored like grass after a rainstorm. A young boy who was the spitting image of my father. These were things I couldn't tell my caretakers, the Weasley family, who had been entrusted with my care by the Headmaster of Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore. These were things I couldn't share with the Headmaster himself, or with the man who rescued me that night. They were my mind's escape to a world where my brother was beside me. The realization had struck during the summer of 1991 that hadn't it been for that tragedy, my brother would've been starting his first year at the magic school. I could picture an excited Harry dragging our parents through the brick wall between Platforms 9 and 10 in Kings Cross. I could picture him with his Gryffindor robes, chattering amongst housemates in the common room at night, riding the wind on his broomstick in his team jersey to give pride to his father. Was my mind purely torturing me by reminding me of what my brother, Harry Potter, could've become? Was it reminding me of a great loss to constrict me in the past and stop me from moving on with the present? No matter the never ending pain it brought, I had been certain that he was gone. There was absolutely no way that Harry Potter could've survived. "Well someone's in a chirpy mood," An all-too-familiar voice cooed with a clap of their hands. I cocked my head to the side, giving my attention to the girl boarding the carriage. Brilliantly long blonde hair that resembled threads of gold accompanied with sharp azure eyes and a smile that could rival - it could be no other than Rayne Allister. "Rayne!" I exclaimed ecstatically, standing up and throwing myself into her warm embrace. Rayne giggled at the greeting and gave me a friendly squeeze in return. "Agh, Rose, it feels so good to see you again! A few months stuck in the Muggle World and I missed you from day one! How dare you only write back twice?" "Blame the Weasley barn owl," I huffed, crossing my arms as I pulled her into the seat next to me. The carriage began to roll down the gravel pathway towards the castle. "It's slower than Fred chatting up a girl." "I know, that's why I always send my letters back with Midnight - tell me, what have I missed? Nothing interesting?" "Absolutely nothing, the most eventful thing that's happened is beating Ron's ass in Quidditch-" "Nice!" She praised, holding up her hand for a high-five which I gladly returned. "But save that practice for the field, we need to kick Slytherin ass this year, not Weasley ass." The rest of the carriage ride was spent discussing the uneventful length of summer, and how thrilling it felt to be back at Hogwarts School. Despite her friend's beaming personality, it was hard for her shifting gazes to go unnoticed. She seemed anxious, and wary, something slightly concerning when it came to Rayne. "Is there something wrong?" I asked, drumming my fingers on my lap as I, too, looked around to see if I caught sight of anything or anyone. Her eyes widened and she shook her head, releasing a chuckle that was all-too-forced. "Huh? No, it's nothing... Just looking around... Rose, I have something to tell y-" The carriage came to a halt in front of the large gates that led students into the vast courtyard. I looked up at the castle in grand awe, the cobblestone towers and labyrinthine halls were always a sight. "Huh? We have to get going, you can ask me later." Rayne's face fell in regret and concern but she quickly replaced the emotion as she relished in the sight of her school. Within minutes we were walking alongside the antsy swarm of bustling students pushing there way inside to the Great Hall. I sighed out in relief at the sight of the floating candles, the enchanted ceiling imitating the starry night sky, and the four tables aligned with House banners billowing above them. It felt like being back home. As I headed for the Gryffindor table and continued taking in the scenery, I noticed eyes flickering toward me, and then away. People murmured under their breaths and whispered to one another, although I wasn't sure what of. Was there a pesky rumor going around? Was it just my name and face, which always seemed to target the center of attention when least wanted? "Oi, Rosalie!" I caught sight of the twins waving me and the blonde over to the Gryffindor table, pushing Lee Jordan and an unfamiliar second year over to grant us spots. "Boys, where were you?" I spat playfully, giving their shoulders a shove as I sat down on the wooden bench. "You left me all alone on the train with some first years!" "We're terribly sorry, flower," Fred teased along, giving a dramatic bow of his head. "We also ran into an ickly little first year outside the platform who needed help, and mum was so sympathetic she held us back. I think the poor boy was a Muggleborn, knew nothing about magic. Isn't it saddening, Georgey?" George nodded in agreement, pretending to sniffle and wipe away a tear from under his eyes. "Perfect acting skills. Remind me to hex you both later." Rayne howled with laughter at her comment, eyeing me with surprise. "Merlin's beard, Rose! You've grown feistier over break, haven't you?" "I'm telling you, it's the match she had with Ron." "I've never seen a little kid so egotistically hurt!" We sniggered at the banter, but were shortly interrupted by the Transfiguration master, Professor McGonagall, leading in a shuffling bunch of first years. All were mushed in an indistinguishable crowd, marching forward in a bundle of anxious nerves. One by one, kids stepped up in alphabetical order while the Sorting Hat chanted House names back and forth. "Gryffindor!" "Hufflepuff!" "Ravenclaw!" "Slytherin!" Students in tables whistled and cheered in greeting each time a new member was inducted. Enchanted robes and ties would convert to the house colors as the smaller kids ran to their new housemates. I picked at my food with my fork, my mind dozing off as the ceremony seemed to drag on. I managed to catch a few familiar names: A Longbottom was sorted into Gryffindor, a Malfoy and a Greengrass were sorted into Slytherin (no surprise there). The less familiar the people got, the closer I was to falling asleep, my shoulders slumping down in defeat. Attention was rarely given in the ceremonies, anyways. It was then that a name echoed out, seeming to bounce off the walls of the castle, causing complete and utter silence. Rayne immediately snapped her head up and cursed under her breath. The twins gasped, faces falling as they, too, turned their gaze to the child stepping onto the platform. The whole Hall tensed up and looked towards me, the mutters now a blur in my ears. My heart seemed to freeze, my body paralyzed and threatening to break, my breath caught in my throat in a sharp halt. The name repeated over and over in my mind in the span of those short seconds as I tried to convince myself of every possibility of my thoughts being wrong. This was another, not him. There was no way... But when I looked up to the stool, to the boy with a Hat being lowered onto his head, the fork in my hand slipped from my fingers and onto the fine china with a loud clanging sound. Everything fell into complete silence, as all eyes, even the rainforest green ones through round-rimmed glasses, stared. With no other words, with a nervous system threatening to shut down, I placed my hands against the cold mahogany, stood up, and walked away with the two words carved into my brain. "Harry Potter." "...How could you even fathom to speak such words? For a brilliant wizard as you are, can you even understand what is running through that girl's mind at this very moment? To hear her supposedly dead brother's name called out in the middle of a Hall to people who believed him gone?" I silently thanked Snape from behind the office door I eavesdropped from. "Severus, I do understand. But you knew the risks of telling her earlier - it is best she's learned of the truth now. The anger will pass - if anyone needs to gain an understanding of the severity of the consequences of her knowing prior to today, it must be her," Dumbledore calmly defended, diminishing the importance of the situation. Before one of them could say a thing more, my hands pushed against the doors and revealed my presence. Snape and Dumbledore watched with great uncertainty and surprise as I slammed my hands down against Dumbledore's desk with fury. Betrayal and outrage bubbled inside me and shot through every nerve in my body like electricity. "What the hell is wrong with you two? How could you not have the decency to tell me that my brother is still alive? Not just me, the whole goddamn Wizarding World! After being asked countless times about that night, you denied every single mention of there ever being a sight of Harry!" I yelled at the Headmaster, angry tears streaming down my cheeks in rapid rushes. Snape reached for the back of my robes to tug me away from the desk. I snatched away from his grip and spun on my heel to face him. "And you," I began, waving a judgemental finger at Snape. "I trusted you! You carried me away that night, you told me he was dead just like my parents! You told me that although the Curse rebounded on Voldemort, the hit was strong enough to kill him! What is wrong with you people?" The two Professors ogled me as if I had just set the castle ablaze along with every student in it. An uncomfortably thick silence filled the air with tension before Dumbledore exhaled and wisely decided on speaking up. "Rosalie, you must listen to us. You not knowing was for your own good." "For my own damn good? Right, I know my brother is alive - you may as well ship me off to