Hello! I wrote this some time ago, when my friend was kind of in a rut and everything was very confusing. She loves Gigolas, so I wrote this in her honor. Personally, I love them as bros, but she is my friend and friends write fanfictions for each other of their favorite ships and so here we are. This fic was also written in response to the LGBT FANS DESERVE BETTER video that I watched on Youtube. I didn't know any of the fandoms in the video, but it was so touching, and so SO sad, and I agree. Queer people deserve better, not only in real life, but in the realm of fantasy as well. To all you Queer People out there, this is for you. I hope you all find your happy endings. *hugs* The song that inspired me to write this is Saturn by Sleeping At Last. These guys do a lot of covers, but they also do a lot of beautiful music themselves with absolute lovely instrumentals. I suggest you check them out! Originally, this fic included the lyrics of the song, but it has been brought to my attention that putting lyrics from music into a fanfiction breaks the Content Guideline. I've taken them out now, and although I feel it takes a little something away from the story, I also feel that I need to follow the rules because this site is far too awesome to be subjected to copyright issues. To anyone this disappoints, Ima sorry for your sadness. I hope you can enjoy the story either way... And finally: I am not fond of writing romance. I can admit it is adorable when couples do cute things together, and I am totally cool with gay and lesbian and straight and bisexual and asexual and all of that, I just find kissing... gross. I'm pretty much an eight year old when it comes to romance. I am the person who covers her eyes when people kiss in a movie, doesn't matter if its animated or not. That's why literally nothing happens except hand holding and little fluffiness. I am sorry to all you people who wanted more than that, I just find the super romancy stuff icky... *bows head in shame and apology* I hope everyone enjoys! :D ... Gimli grumbled as he stepped onto the metro, his anger bubbling in his stomach as he went over the events of his day, again. It was supposed to have been a good day, and he had honestly been excited for it. It was the day he would finally accomplish his dream. The day he would finally get his music out into the world. He had even woken up early- Early! He never woke up early!- in order to take a shower and trim his beard. He had taken such meticulous care in his appearance and had shown up right on time for his appointment. An appointment that was delayed. By. Eight. Hours At first, he was patient, understanding even! This was a world-wide known records company, after all, there was bound to be hold-ups and complications. He wouldn't fault anyone for something beyond their control. But then the time dragged on, and the excuses just kept getting more and more ridiculous, and his patience began to wane. By the sixth hour, he became suspicious that they were trying to drive him off with boredom, but he stayed either way. Gimli was a Durinson, and Durisons were nothing if not stubborn. Eventually- finally- they sent him up. His frustration ebbed as his excitement took over, and he eagerly showed off his music to the record producers. They had listened to the songs several times, occasionally nodding and asking questions, and then they had asked him to leave the room while they discussed. And so he had left, his anticipation and exhilaration rising in a soaring crescendo. Because it was the moment, the moment where everything he worked for, all the months of hard work and endless phone calls would finally pay off. The moment where his life would finally have meaning and importance. The moment where all his dreams would become reality at last. And they had opened the door, their faces the picture cheerful and bright, and looked at him. And he had sat up straighter, hope flaring in his chest in a brilliant display of fireworks, and asked for the verdict. And then… And then they had denied him the records deal. They had explained how the music lacked the proper "Zeal", about how it lacked proper focus. About how it didn't have enough energy and vibrancy to appeal to an audience. About how "it just wasn't what they were looking for." And then they had shown him out the door, leaving his dreams shattered like broken glass and his hope nothing more than a forgotten concept. And that was how he found himself stepping onto the metro at three o'clock in the bloody morning , nothing to his name but disappointment, defeat, and a whole lot of anger. Gimli slumped heavily onto the hard plastic seat, throwing his worn backpack onto the chair next to him. The indecipherable voice of a woman sounded through the speakers, then the customary "Mind the gap," and then the train was moving down the tracks, metal screeching loudly in protest as it did. It was only then that he realized that he wasn't alone. The man was young, probably around Gimli's own age, and had long blond that was thrown over his shoulder. The dark green hoodie he wore fit snugly to his slim frame, and he absent-mindedly gnawed on one of its draw-strings as he read his book.* He sat cross-legged on the chair- his legs pulled up impossibly tight to his body- as if it was the most natural thing to do in the world. Despite the late hour, the man seemed not the least bit tired- he appeared wide awake, in fact- and his fingers drummed a silent rhythm on his knee. Gimli stared. The blonde did not seem to notice his presence, despite the loud entrance he had made, and continued to read on. Gimli wondered why the stranger was on the train at three in the morning and why he seemed so oblivious to his surroundings. He also wondered if he should try an start a conversation, or if he should just leave him in peace. For a moment he stilled in hesitance, but then he thought on what he would without interrupting the blonde. It was going to be a long ride- at least a couple of hours- and all he really had for entertainment was his old MP3 player. Listening to music was the last thing he wanted to do at the moment. Sitting in silence with only his thoughts for company didn't sound much better. And so he decided to try and talk to the blonde. Unsure on how to gain the other's attention, he settled for an awkward clearing of the throat, which sounded painfully loud in the silence. The man paid no attention, he simply let out a quiet humming noise as he turned to a new page of his book. Frowning, Gimli tried again, this time clearing his throat a little louder. Still no response. "Hello?" Nothing. Letting out an annoyed huff of breath, Gimli stood and stomped over to the blonde and sat down next to him. His patience was already near-nothing to begin with, and to be blatantly ignored set his anger to new heights. Non-to-gently, he tapped the stranger on the shoulder. ** The blonde jumped in surprise, his blue eyes snapping to the red head in a breath of an instant. Gimli immediately scooted back, raising his hands in what he hoped to be a peaceful gesture. The stranger blinked- once, twice, three times- before blushing and putting down his book on the chair next to him. Then he reached to his ear and pulled out an earphone, smiling slightly hesitantly towards the redhead as he did so. Gimli felt like an idiot. The blonde wasn't purposely ignoring him at all, he just couldn't hear him through his music. And there he was getting angry at him and startling him and being incredibly rude. Trying to amend his mistake, he flashed his own apologetic smile. "Sorry 'bout that, didn't mean to startle ya." "W-what? Oh, uh, that… No, it's- it's fine. Don't worry about it." Gimli resisted the urge to raise and eyebrow, for the blonde was hugging himself now and his feet were shifting with nervous energy. He looked even more awkward and shy than Gimli felt, and the ginger could not help but feel bad for his part in the other's anxiety. "Either way, 'm sorry 'bout it." The stranger flushed once more, his fingers worrying the frayed patches of his jeans and his eyes refusing to make contact with Gimli's own. "O-oh. Um, thank you. Do- Do you want something?" He floundered for a moment, for he had wanted a conversation but now he didn't know what he wanted to talk about. He grabbed for any idea that could be plausible, and when one finally struck him he spoke it with no hesitation. "Oh. I was just wondering what your book was 'bout, that's all…" The blonde stayed silent, his eyes wide and startled and his muscles tense, like prey preparing to leap away from a stalking predator. Upon seeing that no answer would be given without prompting, Gimli nudged the other slightly. "If you'd rather not, that's all good. I'll just be on my way." The stranger broke out of his statue impersonation, and haltingly shook his head in a negative. "Ah, no. I-it's fine." Carefully, the blonde grabbed the book and held it out to Gimli, another small, tentative smile on his lips. His hands were shaking. Gimli took the book from the trembling fingers, and looked down at the cover. It was of a sky filled with stars, and it appeared to be one of those strange philosophy books, and he could not help but mentally sigh. What had he gotten himself in to? "It's- it's about the universe, and the probability of existence of everything…" And as the blonde talked, his voice lost the hesitant, fragile quality and developed into a vibrant, confident tone that shined with intelligence and joy. And it was obvious, so obvious, that this was what he excelled at. That this was his passion and his joy and what he spent hours upon hours surrounding himself with. His body was alive with movement and excitement, and he seemed to almost glow with joy. And his eyes, his eyes were so, so bright, practically shining with happiness. His arms flailed in every direction as he described this or that, but Gimli could no longer pay much attention, for he was lost. So lost. And he had fallen, he had fallen hard. "- and if that's true, then it means that there's a one in a tenth to the power of two million six hundred and eighty five thousand that the person that is you even exists! I mean, think about it! That's a ten followed by two million six hundred and eighty five thousand zeroes! The chance is practically non-existent! It's just, is so near impossible and amazing, and it, it's just- It's so, so…" *** Gimli interrupted, his eyes fixed on the shining blue orbs. "Beautiful." (He was not talking about the probabilities of chance.) The blonde froze, his eyes now soft. "Yeah, beautiful…" Suddenly, a brilliant flare of an idea was set alight in Gimli's mind, and he gasped. The blonde blinked, staring in confusion, but he payed it no mind. He jumped up and ran to grab his backpack, fumbling with the zipper and pulling out his notebook. "Can you repeat what you just said?" His head was still buried in his bag, searching for a pencil, or