So basically this story is going to be about how Katniss starts to see the sense in her and Gale becoming a couple and she begins to connect all the little hints from Gale previous to the Games and starts to appreciate all he's done for her and will do in the future... so yeah, enjoy. ~xoxo k~ The crack of the whip is as undeniable as the cry for help following it. No matter Peeta's protests, I do not stay quiet, I do not stay still. "Peeta, what the hell is going on?" I basically writhe back and forth, going up on my tiptoes and looking over people's heads and shoulders. There is another metallic snap and a gut wrenching plea. "Katniss, go home." Peeta ordered me, looking highly distressed from his perch on a turned over crate. I shake my head defiantly. He sighed and it made me drop my attitude. "Katniss, it'd be best if you went home." I scrutinized his sincerity; after all, Peeta only ever does things for my benefit, but the way his expression was guarded and the way he seemed to be ready to hold me back from approaching the scene any further, piqued my interest. I nodded, not actually about to follow his instruction. Snap! His head shot up to the front of the tight crowd and he winced. While distracted I took off, weaving my way through the crowd ignoring the bad butterfly feelings arising in my stomach and ignoring the ominous comments people were making. "She's only going to make things worse for him." "What are you doing here girl? Trying to get him killed?!" "She isn't going to take this well." The anxiety could not have built up any quicker and by the time I broke through the front of the mob my heart was pounding in my ears and all the blood was rushing to my head. I felt like my world was starting to sway… and I guess it could be the fact that I just had an unhealthy surge of adrenaline or it could be the sight in front of me. "Gale." A sob escaped my lips. "Oh my god." And I ran forward towards him. Gale, tied to the post, his back covered in dark burgundy blood, pooling around him, head sagged, whimpering. I ran forward to comfort him, to protect him, to be there for him. But I didn't take in to account the peacekeeper already coiling back the whip for another lash. Hot, white, searing pain flashed through my vision. And it just added to my dizziness. "Get out of the way!" The man ordered. I stumbled, my hand flying to my face, a frown already glued to my expression. The pain wouldn't cease so it took me a minute to gather my bearings. "No." I said as strong as I could, once the pain subsided to a manageable throb. To me I sounded strong, but I wasn't sure if my voice was louder than a whisper. I was basically in shock. Seeing my best friend, on the verge of death brought me to tears. I didn't know how long he had been here, facing punishment. And even if our last conversation hadn't ended on the best of terms, I still cared about him and I wasn't going to let any irresponsible thing—whether it being something he did or something others did to him—hurt him. "I'll tie you up too." The peacekeeper threatened. "Beat you forty times. Back off!" "You back off!" I fought back, bringing my hand down from my cheek. He growled and took an aggressive step forward. I turned my back to him and began to comfort Gale. He was mumbling quietly and his breathing was labored. "Gale." I cried, hands reaching out towards his back unsurely. "Gale, it's okay. You're going to be okay." I touched his shoulder gingerly and he roared in pain. I shot backwards, not enjoying the sound of his anguish. A tear left my eye. I felt myself get ripped away from Gale's side and I cried out. "You interrupted his punishment for committing a federal offense. I ought to whip you too." His voice was mildly calmer and I looked back to where he had been standing. In his place was Peeta, standing solemnly and sad, looking down at me and Gale with genuine pity. Had Peeta brought sense to this obviously new peacekeeper who was not at all maintaining the peace? I brought my hand up to wipe the tears from my eyes. I felt Gale's blood smear on my face the way there. "Peacekeeper Thread," Peeta said from the side, voice loud and strong. "…this man meant no harm, and no harm should come to him. I suggest you scatter this crowd and let us be on our way." Peeta was authoritative and ordering and Thread seemed to get the vibe. He moved me to the side and cleared his throat announcing to the crowd: "You all are under curfew, get out of the streets and be in your houses by eight. If anyone dares step out of line they will be shot on sight immediately!" I looked at the man with disgust taking on my features and he saw my face. "You better clean up this mess and get him out of here." His voice was low and predatory. "Yes sir." I agreed gratefully and clambered over my own feet to get back to Gale. "Gale?" I tried. No response. "Gale? Gale, are you awake?" My nose started stinging alerting me that I was about to start crying all over again. "Gale, please." I begged. "Stay with us Gale." I felt other hands come to help me untie him because I obviously was a useless wreck. The people helping were people I knew from the Hob. I could tell Sae's grandmotherly hands resting upon my shoulders were ones of condolence and not pity. "Sweetie, he'll make it. He's a fighter." I nodded weakly. "He'll fight for you." "Sae, what happened?" I asked, rubbing my eyes and looking up at her. She cooed at me and pulled me up off the ground. "Gale brought a turkey to Cray's house." She started. I raised an eyebrow and she understood my question. "It's not Cray's house anymore." She said with sadness lacing her voice. "Poor boy, so unsuspecting… Thread didn't even give him time to explain himself. Got thirty lashes in before Darius stepped in. Another ten before you got there." Sae was speaking so fast, and I couldn't keep up. More to myself than for her I repeated: "Cray's gone, Thread is the new head peacekeeper, Gale showed him the turkey and it wasn't Cray? It was Thread?" "Mmhmm." Sae nodded. "You go take him back to your mom, get him fixed up." She tutted and then looked at me solemnly. "I'm so sorry sweetie." She gave me a pat on the back and turned me around to where multiple Hob men were carrying Gale towards Victor's Village. I followed behind, wallowing with pain and shock. If Gale didn't survive this —I couldn't even finish the thought. Oh Gale, how could I let this happen? Gale needed to fight through the pain. He had to be okay. It was just a bit of whipping. Oh hell, Katniss! My brain scolded me. Just a bit of whipping? The man was almost beaten to death out there. Guilt flashed through me and I looked up at his lifeless body being carried up the porch steps. At least you saved him. I reminded myself weakly. God, I was so pathetic and useless. A sob bubbled up through my throat and escaped my lips unexpectedly, and I whipped my head around to see if anybody heard. As soon as we burst through the door, my mom was bustling with authority. She was clearing the island in the kitchen, getting out strips of linen, sanitary wipes and meds. "Mom." I said trying to catch her attention. She scuttled past me pushing her hair back from her forehead. "Mom." I called out again, more urgently this time. "Mom?" I repeated, even louder. She shot out another order at Peeta who stood beside Prim with a worried expression. "Mom!" I finally shouted. Everyone paused and looked over at me. "What now Katniss?" She sounded impatient. I need to talk to you. "Is there anything I can do to help?" She sighed and put her hands on her hips in a tired manner. "I need everybody out of here." I stuck my hand up in protest. "Even you Katniss." And then she got back to work. "Prim, you know what to do?" Prim nodded. As everyone cleared, Peeta and Haymitch decided to stay behind. "Peeta, can you go get Hazel for me?" I whispered, not trusting my voice to remain steady any louder. He nodded and kissed my forehead. I couldn't keep eye contact with Peeta while Gale was in the room. I shouldn't have even suggested running away. I knew it was stupid and of course, only Gale was the one who would show me the sense in staying. But it's hard to see my actions reciprocating negatively across Panem. I don't want to be the cause of hundreds of deaths. Some part of me knows that I'm still stuck in this game, that I'm still a piece to be played with… and I just don't know how important I am to win. I look up at the ceiling, the stinging of tears burning my eyes. I take a deep breath and try not to think about Snow or anything else of that evil. But gosh, I want to leave the district so bad. I wasn't lying when I said I wanted to try a life in the safety of our woods. I wasn't kidding Gale around when I told him that I thought that my feelings could be different if it were different circumstances. If we were to leave, we could stay at the cabin. We knew it was abundant in animals and plants, there was a source of fresh water and Twill and Bonnie said that it was on the way to District 13. District 13. The possibility of freedom there couldn't be more bittersweet. How was I to trust what they were saying? How could I get the Hawthorne's and mom and Prim there without any government official noticing? The Capitol was obsessed with Prim and our new cousins. Would Gale be up to the trip if he knew that there was something out there? You see, I learned a little something during our stop at the Capitol. Plutarch Heavensbee, the new head game-maker, told me as we were dancing with his sweaty hands on my hips that District 13 was alive and flourishing getting ready to take down the Capitol at just the right moment. He had whispered in my ear right before his watch lit up bright gold that he would be waiting for that moment, watching me. Then he had left for a meeting. "Keep this little talk on the down low darling." And he walked away before the song had even ended. "Arrrgghh." Gale gurgled out, catching my full attention. Prim had injected him with a morphling needle. Brought back to the present so immediately I started choking on sobs watching him wince and grit his teeth in immense pain. "Hurts… so… bad." He spat out, a bead of sweat appearing at the top of his brow. I hopped off my perch and jumped to his body, ignoring the numbness of my ankles from sitting cross legged so long, hands cradling his head gently. "Where does it hurt Gale?" I inquired anxiously, eyes searching for the source of his pain. Gale's eyes fluttered open and my breath was caught in my throat. "Everywhere Catnip." He answered. This was my entire fault. If I hadn't been stubborn in the woods this wouldn't have happened.