Some parts in this first chapter are taken from Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Chapter 35, Beyond the Veil. These parts are in bold. Also in this first chapter, there may be some other similarities to the book. Chapter 1 He was falling down steep stone step after steep stone step, bouncing on every tier until at last, with a crash that knocked all the breath out of his body, he landed flat on his back in the sunken pit where the stone archway stood on its dais. The whole room was ringing with the Death Eaters' laughter: he looked up and saw the five who had been in the Brain Room descending on him, while as many more emerged through other doorways and began leaping from bench to bench towards him. Harry got to his feet though his legs were trembling so badly they barely supported him: the prophecy was still miraculously unbroken in his left hand, his wand clutched tightly in his right. He backed away, looking around, trying to keep all the Death Eaters within sight. The back of his legs hit something solid: he had reached the dais where the archway stood. He climbed backwards onto it. That's when Harry noticed the difference in the room, it was lighter now and instead of the stone benches that had once circled the whole room, the far-right side of the archway had been taken up by a neat row of towering shelves that looked less than structurally sound in Harry's opinion. Each shelf housed jars of all different sizes and colours, some of which Harry wouldn't be able to describe even if he spent hours staring at it. But that wasn't what had drawn his eye, rather the eerie glow emanating from one of the smallest jars; a soft, whispering beat, beat; like the rhythm of a heart that seemed to impossibly fill the room. Harry felt a calm wash over him as he stared at it, it was talking to him he was sure, but not in the way the arch talked to him, those voices where sharp and urgent, this voice was safe. This voice was family. " Potter, your race is run" The silky drawl of Lucius Malfoy pulled Harry from his sanctuary, and as his attention wavered from the mysterious jars he felt the calm drain away, leaving him bare and exposed to the cold of the stone room. "What?" Harry said before his brain had chance to catch up, the sudden deprivation of the safety that the jar had provided leaving him somewhat unbalanced. The sound of laughter brought him back to the present and he threw his wand up in defence as he remembered the room full of Death Eaters, and the prophecy clutched in his hand. "Tut, tut, Potter" Malfoy smirked "Perhaps not all that intelligent after all" He said, voice thick with condescendence as another smattering of laughter rolled round the Death Eaters in the room. None of them seemed phased by the jars and Harry noted that now his attention was diverted the jar was silent and had no effect on him. "I'll give it to you" Harry blurted out, nodding to the prophecy. "Let my friends go and I'll give it to you." The smirk still solidly in place, Malfoy opened his mouth to respond but Harry never got to hear it as at that moment a sudden shout drew all their attentions. "NO! DON'D HARRY!" Neville's voice burst from one of the doorways and Harry felt his heart sink slightly, why couldn't he have just stayed far away from this mess? Somewhere he was less likely to be killed instantly. "DON'D GIB ID DO DEM" The bloodied faced boy had appeared at the top of the room, Hermione's wand moving frantically to cover as many of the Death Eater's as possible. "Oh dear." Malfoy scoffed sarcastically "The cavalry has arrived. Seems as though we will have no other option that to comply. Longbottom isn't it?" Harry noted there seemed to be a note of disgust in his tone as he studied Neville and he felt his anger spike at the idea that the cowardly man thought himself somehow superior to Neville. Harry was startled as a manic screech of glee tore through the room. He whipped his head round to the sound, diligently ignoring the shelves of jars that no one else seemed to see. Bellatrix was looking at the trembling figure that was Neville, her face though still haggard and ugly, was inexplicably transformed with a stomach churning excitement and Harry felt his own terror reflected on Neville's face. But that wasn't all, Harry realised, there was something else in the normally reserved boy's face; a deep rage in Neville's eyes and Harry knew before it happened that the other boy was about to do something stupid. "INCENDIO!" Neville screamed, blood spitting from his mouth. The stone bench Bellatrix had been stood on exploded in fierce flames and the demented woman was seemingly engulfed in fire. Harry thought he saw her body thrown to the floor a few feet away but he couldn't say for certain because with the impact of Neville's spell all hell broke loose. "CRUCIO!" "STUPEFY" "REDUCTO" "AVADA KEDAVA" "STUPEFY…. STUPEFY!" "IMPEDIMENTA. EXPELLIARMUS" Spells rained down on Harry, the constant flashes of light were blinding and he couldn't even tell if Neville was still standing. The Death Eaters obviously no longer cared about keeping the prophecy safe, and Harry even thought he saw the ominous green of a killing curse fly past his left ear, narrowly missing him. He ducked, keeping his head low and wand out as he ran for cover behind the shelves of jars. "REDUCTO!" He shouted, sending one of the stone benches flying violently into a million pieces and successfully taking out three anonymous Death Eaters who had been heading his way. "NO, YOU INCOMPETENT IDIOTS! THE PROPHECY! GET THE PROPHECY!" Malfoy's usually composed voice screamed, and although he couldn't see him, Harry had a sudden vision of Uncle Vernon; his face puce, spittle flying from the corners of his mouth and an unhealthy-looking vein pulsing in his forehead. As Harry reached the cover of the shelves he frantically looked round, trying to get a glance of the other boy, any sign that Neville had survived. Spell's were still flying through the air on the other side of the shelves, the Death Eaters hadn't realised his hiding spot, too busy recklessly tossing spells about to realise they were only attacking each other now and that their only two opponents were nowhere in sight. He looked to the top of the steps, the last place he had seen Neville in the hope of seeing him there still. It was empty, the steps he had been stood on had been destroyed, scorch marks and rubble the only remaining evidence. Harry wanted to call for him, but knew to do so would give away his position, he would never be able to take on all the Death Eaters alone. It was only a matter of time as it was before he was found and killed, and somehow Harry was loathed to cut his life even shorter than it already appeared it was going to be. He just hoped some of the others would make it out. At that moment, Harry saw a dark figure shift in the corner of his eye. About 15 feet away from Neville's last position there was a bloodied Death Eater, half his mask blown away and his eyes wild. He was moving along the top of the room, his gaze seemingly fixed on a point just ahead of him. Harry followed his gaze and with a jolt that almost froze his heart he realised the Death Eater was stalking a still prone figure. It was Neville. The boy was motionless, his face barely visible beneath layers of grime and blood and Harry felt the worse feeling go through him yet again that night. The feeling that yet another innocent life was lost because of him. Before he had even realised what had happened Harry found himself once more facing the spells head on as he sprinted across the room, the pulsing glow of the jar and voices from the arch making it even more disorientating but the intense need to get to Neville pushing him forward regardless. "FLIPENDO" The Death Eater that had almost been upon Neville was tossed backwards in a flail of undignified limbs, landing in a mangled heap and not moving again. "Neville! Neville!" Harry called urgently as he reached the other boy, hands hesitating only slightly as they reached to check his pulse, unintentionally copying Neville's actions from earlier when Hermione had been hit by the unknown spell. "Urgh… Harry?" Neville's voice was slow and slurred but it made Harry momentarily dizzy with relief that Neville was actually alive and well, if more than a little battered. "M'fine" Neville said in a voice that was so far from fine it actually made Harry want to snort at the ridiculousness of the statement. "Here, we need to get out" Harry told the other boy, wrapping his arms around his torso and making to heave him to his feet. However, he didn't get far in his efforts, as he suddenly felt his legs pulled from beneath him. In what was perhaps his most ungraceful move yet, Harry once again found himself flat on his back and without breath. A soft groan beside him told him Neville had suffered the same fate. As he laid there, focusing on regaining his breath and stopping the now sickening spinning in his head, Harry realised the room had fallen into silence and calm, the pulsing of the jar once again being the only light. "Really, Potter. Didn't that fool Dumbledore ever teach you to watch your back?" Malfoy's smarmy face slide into view above him and Harry found himself silently cursing. Stupid! Stupid! How could he have been so stupid? So completely consuming was his need to ensure he hadn't been responsible for another friend lost he had left both of them vulnerable and probably sealed their fates. "I'll take that." Malfoy effortlessly swiped the prophecy from Harry's loose grip. He apprised the unimposing orb with a self-satisfied smirk and a contented sigh. "Thank you, Potter. You have been so helpful." The blonde wizard aimed his wand and the fallen boys face and Harry felt a horrendous fear seize him as he realised this truly was the end. He sent a silent apology to Neville. "ADAVA KEDA-" "STUPEFY!" Quicker than Harry though possible, Malfoy disappeared from his line of sight, the power of the spell used, sending him hurtling off his feet and into one of the many stone benches with a resounding crunch, the man unconscious long before he made his impact. The suddenness of the spell not only shocked the remaining Death Eaters into motionless but it also caused the prophecy to fall from Malfoy's grasp as he was catapulted away. It was only Harry's seeker honed reflexes that allowed the young, trembling wizard to catch the thing before it smashed into his face. As quick as he had caught the prophecy, Harry launched to his feet, a quick glance at Neville confirmed that the boy was still alive and staring in open mouthed relief at the new comers. "Sirius!" Harry almost cried, finally catching sight of their newly arrived rescuers. Sirius, Lupin and Tonks were stood on the far side of the room, Sirius' wand still pointing at where Malfoy had been standing, a murderous look on his face. Harry felt a mixture of fear and relief at the sight. Relief that backup had arrived but also a great fear for Sirius' safety. The irony wasn't missed on Harry, moments ago he and Neville had been literally looking certain death in the face yet it was the full-grown wizard's safety he feared for.