This was my entry for the Round Mound of a Beehound vagina euphemism contest. I only got one review so please be kind and leave a few words. I had so many more ideas than I could possibly fit into this that there will be many more chapters to come. Enjoy. ~Sin~ Disclaimer : I don't own the characters but I totally own all the poontastic synonyms. Cherry Vajitas Bella Pov "Errmmm…Rose? Are you sure this is what best friends do in their spare time?" I looked at the cupid's bow pout she was lipsticking on my partially shaved underpinnings. "Well sure, Bells." she said, turning her attention back to her own masterpiece. Which, I might add, wore a much sluttier shade of lipstick. She tugged on a long, lonely, golden tuft and curled it around a fingertip with incredible dexterity for someone who had accumulated a pile of eight empty vodka bottles in the last hour. "Hey look" she pointed "I gave it a hairstyle! It looks just like La Rue!" I snorted as she clenched and unclenched her thighs to make the pubic primadonna mime to her slurred singing. "Hehehe Pubes La Rue!" I bunny hopped around the room until I found the hands free set for my cellphone. Rose cackled and slid gracelessly backwards off the bed – causing her panty-pout to yawn extravagantly – as I sellotaped the small black mic to my sluicegates, adding a pair of glittery false eyelashes above the disturbingly lifelike eyes Rose had drawn in with eyeliner. "I present….Vajdonna!" With a couple of water cooler cone cups stuffed inside a bra tied round my knees I warbled 'Vogue' and 'Like a Virgin' sliding my hips back and forth to make my 'mouth' follow the words. Rose went a beautiful shade of purple as she attempted to stop laughing by snorting a line of vodka off of one of the growing pile of battery operated friends we had accumulated. The pile had grown steadily as we hunted through drawers and closets for anything with novelty value to pass the time until the Cullen men returned home. I think the vibrators were going to pick a fight with the vodka bottles at some point and I really didn't know which side to put my money on. "Oh my god!" I shrieked, hopping over to Rose with a 'Eureka' type grin plastered on my face. She looked confused until I had eight of the little bastards lined up in a row. Then she caught on and started stacking like a motherfucker. Vajdonna and Pubes La Rue…IN CONCERT…ONE TIME ONLY….with their own….audience. "Errrmmm….Bells…..how did we manage to amass thirty-eight vibrators between us?" "On top of whatever we've purchased for ourselves, Jasper joined me up for Dildo-of-the-Month Club last year for my birthday. I'd had enough of him moping over Alice deciding she liked Deadward better and challenged him to play a practical joke on a different person every week. I was the test subject." I chuckled. "I don't think he realised it was the best gift I'd ever had." I winked at her and she snorted in a rather unbecoming manner. "So because he doesn't have the guts to tell you that he wants to have a girthday party in your pooñata, he buys you things that do get to help you…erm…celebrate?" "Huh? This is Jasper we're talking about, yes?" "Affirmative. You do know he likes you, right?" "Well, we're family; we all like each other." "Dude, you suck ass." "I beg your pardon? What the fuck, Frosty?!" I threw a small, purple dildo at her head, giggling like a punctured dirigible when it bounced off her and lodged in the crotch of the one legged store mannequin that held her carelessly discarded clothing. His name was Ian and his speciality was explosives. Related to this may have been his polite refusal to answer questions about his missing limb. He accepted his new purple uniform with equanimity. "That we can deal with later. For now..well…you know that when a guy likes a girl there's certain stuff that he wants to do with her?" "If this involves heavy breathing, leather and pudding then I don't want to know." "He's loves you, you vicious trollop! He wants to stick his wand in your magic circle for the sake of Pete!" "Oh. Um. Are you sure?" "Trust me. It's pretty much all he thinks about. Every time you bite your damn lip Edward goes green because Jasper's started visualising setting up his tent in panty camp. You need to give the man a break, Bells. Well, both of them, really." "Holy fuck." "Yeah, I think you've pretty much got the gist." "How in the name of Zeus' butthole do I deal with this? He must be used to my complete and blissful ignorance of the situation by now. How do I get things moving?" "I have an idea. The guys are staying in a hotel with internet yes?" "Yeeeees. Why?" "I think we need to get the family in the chatroom." The Cullen family chatroom was off limits to anyone outside the family except a few select friends. It was awesome under normal circumstances. Completely drunk with lippy on our pole-holes and a battery operated panel of judges, it was going to be off the fucking planet. I heard Rosie make a few phone calls and lay on the bed with my laptop while she straddled one very lucky chair in front of the desktop. A few minutes later and we were in. Sparklechat. mIRC channel: 69discostick Moderators : DoctorDeath; Lesme; GrizzlyHardons Currently in channel : rosewell51; bellaperv; WolfyJB; GodofWar; pixiegrrl69 (DoctorDeath) Wassuuuuuuup my bitches?! (Lesme) Carlisle! (bellaperv) hahahaha Carlisle what are you on? (DoctorDeath) There was absinthe. And wasabi. And did I mention there was absinthe? (Lesme) Sugar high! Wooooooo! I'm sugar high! (DoctorDeath) It's a great word to trace with your tongue also. Aaaaaaabsiiiiiinthe. (bellaperv) rosie painted my girl parts (Lesme) Hehehe. Carlisle likes licking the sugar cube. mmmmm Carlisle, say it a bit to the left, baby. *GrizzlyHardons just came in his pants a little (GodofWar) yeah it so is. but not as good as pumpernickel. puh puh puh pumpernickel (WolfyJB) jeez Esme that's more than i ever wanted to know about you guys (bellaperv) with lipstick (pixiegrrl69) oh yeah Jazz? whose nickel do you want to pump? (GrizzlyHardons) What the fuck? Ropsie!!!!! How could you??!! (GodofWar) errrrrrrrrm. i refuse to answer that. on the grounds that i haven't had enough absinthe yet (rosewell51) who the fuck is Ropsie? Are you fucking another woman? *snorts* hahaha sorry baby. it was just too tempting. and it looks like a little cowrie shell. i bet if i put my ear next to it i could hear the sea (WolfyJB) hehe. hehehe. seamen (pixiegrrl69) you painted her Sistine Chapel without me? what the fuck Michelangelo!! How could you do that without me there!?! (WolfyJB) seeeeeeeeeeeamen (rosewell51) jesus-tittyfucking-christ. how much absinthe did you guys get through? (bellaperv) haha alice you should see rosie's. her clam halves are painted too. i think the colour is called Blowjob Red (Lesme) mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm lots. I think it came in a crate. (GrizzlyHardons) fuck Jake, we get it, OK! (DoctorDeath) They have a lipstick called Blowjob Red? Where do you get it? Can I buy some? Where do I get it? (pixiegrrl69) hahaha you said came (GodofWar) so did you. where the fuck are my stockings? (bellaperv) i stuck my cellphone mic to my birthbap. it's called Vajdonna! she sings! (GrizzlyHardons) make a video! make a video! (Lesme) Jasper dear, why do you have stockings? *rosewell51 smacks GrizzlyHardons round the head (rosewell51) hey! why didn't you ask to see a video of mine! she's called Pubes La Rue! we're giving a charity concert (GodofWar) i don't! didn't you just see me say I couldn't find them?! *DoctorDeath shakes his head in disbelief (DoctorDeath) I never thought I'd see the day when a son of mine turned into a transvestite. (GodofWar) umm…Carlisle? i stole them out of your sock drawer… (DoctorDeath) Shit up!!! I mean shut up! Fuck Jasper, no-one needs to know that! *GrizzlyHardons is experiencing shocked silence (GrizzlyHardons) dad said the F word (DoctorDeath) Why? Why couldn't I just collect classic cars like any other rich mofo? (GodofWar) beeeeeeecause….you think it's pretentious? (DoctorDeath) Because I collected children instead! I was all set for the perfect immortal life! I had a beautiful wife, a Swiss bank account, a poodle named Foofer, a promising career as a highly skilled surgeon for thousands of years ahead of me and instead I ended up with you lot, causing massive brain damage and total loss of respect! *pixiegrrl69 collapses on the floor at hearing her father use the word 'mofo' (pixiegrrl69) jesus…*gasping*…for god's sake someone pull one of my legs off. I can't stop laughing (bellaperv) *snorts* like we didn't know about the stockings *bellaperv rolls eyes *Guest 74835 enters the channel (Lesme) I think I need more absinthe. Screw that, give me the wasabi. *Guest 74835 is now known as GivemeheadyEddy (GivemeheadyEddy) Why does Mom want to drink wasabi? (DoctorDeath) Wait…what? Who knew about the stockings? (GrizzlyHardons) Ed. dude. you have some serious catching up to do, man. we're all at least eight bottles ahead of you. go check your mini bar. I stocked it. (WolfyJB) because she's a milf and it's the only thing on earth that's hotter than her!!!!!!!!! (bellaperv) Carlisle, whenever you're wearing them you swoosh your toes back and forth across the carpet making yourself hornier and everything that touches you glow with static electrickery. tricity. damnit (WolfyJB) woooooohoooooooooooooooo! (Lesme) FUCK! cheeeeeeeeeee. aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah. muhuhuhuh. shit! my nose! (DoctorDeath) I like the way they make my legs all silky smooth! (GivemeheadyEddy) Mother! Don't snort that crap! You don't know what it'll do to you! (Lesme) mmmmmmm. smoooooth. Carlisle. silky. My lil Carlie silkylegs. hehehehehe. (Lesme) I do so! It makes my nose fall off! (rosewell51) goddamnit people! i'm sitting here baring my pearly gates to all God's angels and a webcam and none of you are paying attention! (GodofWar) errrrm. i need more absinthe before I look at that (GivemeheadyEddy) umm. yeah. I need to check my mini bar (DoctorDeath) Ah. Yes. Well. Why don't we all take five? (WolfyJB) fuck that! show us your rosebud babygirl! I'm paying attention! (pixiegrrl69) oh for crying out loud MIRC channel 69 sparklechat session suspended Jasper Pov I flung the empty bottle at Emmett's head and sniggered when it exploded, leaving him looking less aware than Forrest Gump's leg brace. "Jazz! Whuh. Why did…uh…that was empty right?" "DUH!" "Fuck, dude, no need to take out your frustrations on me man!" "I am NOT frustrated you muscle-bound party favour." "Uh huh. Keep telling yourself that, Jazzman. You honestly think that there's enough absinthe in the world to replace the mental pic you have of Bella's poonhenge with a green fairy? Trust me. Not going to happen." "What the fuck would you know about that?" "Everyone…I…can't you just…OH FOR FUCK'S SAKE JUST JAB HER IN THE CORAL CAVERN AND HAVE DONE WITH IT!" Emmett pumped a fist through the wall in frustration. "Hahahahaha." I fell sideways off the chair and landed ass first in half a pizza. Why is it that we can only eat human food when we're drunk? The rest of the time just the thought of it makes you want to remove your own stomach, but apparently we're just as susceptible to getting the munchies as humans. Just as well we don't get the munchies FOR humans when we've had a few bottles, I suppose. "I can't believe you just commanded me to do your sister. Duuuuuuuuuuuuude." On closer inspection, I was going to have to have words with Emmett about his culinary preferences. Seriously, who has gummy bears as a pizza topping? Glad I got the cherry pie. Unless that in and of itself is a comment on my mental state and obsession with Bella's