Disclaimer : All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Over the Years by faust I. "Are they coming, yet?" Tinnia's voice was a little desperate, and she stomped her feet again, as she'd done a hundred times already, in an attempt to keep them warm. Even though Mother had swept all snow aside and covered the hard frozen ground behind the market stall with an armload of straw, the cold was slowly creeping through the insulating litter, through soles and stockings and the additional rags Mother had wrapped around their feet. But Tinnia wouldn't say a word about that, wouldn't tell Mother that she could barely feel her toes anymore. For then Mother would send her home, saying she'd known all along the market was no place for a four-year-old, and all Tinnia's begging would have been for nothing, and she'd have to wait for another ten years to see the Elven king and queen. "Patience," Mother said softly and adjusted Tinnia's shawl. "They might have been delayed. There's a good amount of snow on the trail, and they've got a long way to ride through the woods." She laughed, "Don't scowl," and then put a finger on the crease between Tinnia's brows and tenderly rubbed it so as to smooth it out. "They will come. They've never failed to do so." No, as far back as people could remember, the king and queen of the Great Greenwood had come to grace Dale with their appearance at the great Yuletide market once every ten years. And while the king himself was rarely seen mingling with the crowds on the market, the queen took obvious delight in ambling along the stalls laden with the finest merchandise you'd ever find in Dale. The King of the Woodland seemed less enticed by arts and crafts of Men than his wife and more interested in negotiating trade relations and politics with the Lord of Dale and his counsellors. Most years, straight after the official, public salutation, he would retreat to the Lord's Halls with the dignitaries of the city, the rich and the influential, for counsels, while he left his queen with a small entourage of valets and guards to stroll the market. As everyone else, perhaps even more so, for it would be the first time in her young life she witnessed it, Tinnia was anxiously awaiting the king's and queen's arrival. She'd heard about the king's magnificent steed, an elk of almost unnatural size, about the beauty of the queen, about the splendour... "There, look!" Mother's voice was almost drowned out by shouts erupting from everywhere. "Here they come!" "Hail the king and queen!" "The Elves, the Elves!" Tinnia craned her neck. She had seen a few Elves before, all males, merchants mostly, who came to Dale regularly, and they all had been fair of face, graceful of movement, and kind and dignified of manners. If even merchants were that way, how much more so must be the king and queen? And then they were there and gone, faster than Tinnia's eyes could see and her mind could comprehend. The king's elk…oh, the elk truly had been splendid, and the queen's mare had been the noblest horse Tinnia could imagine, but from where she stood she'd seen just that, elk and horse, and a lot of just as beautiful mounts following them, but of their riders she'd seen nothing more than some glimpses of blue and green and white velvets and silks, and flashes of gold. Mother sensed her disappointment. She squeezed Tinnia's shoulder most gently. "Patience," she repeated her earlier advice. "It won't be long any more." And indeed, after almost no time the general murmur that lay over the market place grew in excitement, everyone stood straighter, the glassblower in the neighbouring stall set a vase straight and wiped another one with his coat's sleeve; and then Tinnia finally saw the queen of the Elves. The Lady of the Woodland slowly made her way down the alley, taking her time to closely inspect all market stalls, talk to the mongers, get demonstrations of their various products, and then buy some carefully selected items. She spent some time at every single stall, and it took her a little while to come down to where Tinnia's mother displayed the books she'd scripted and illustrated. "Mistress Bronfield," she greeted Mother. "I was hoping to see you here today. I am in need of some of your fine tomes." Mother curtseyed. "Your Highness," she said. "You are most generous. I hope I can live up to your expectations. If you have a look here…" Tinnia didn't listen anymore. Not to what her mother said, not to what the queen answered, not to those words anyway. What she did, was listen to the sound of the queen's speech. Her lilting voice made the common tongue sound like a fairy tale of old, like some ancient and holy song, full of spirit and goodness and kindness. And Tinnia stared. Stared into that otherworldly fair face, at that porcelain white skin, those leaf green eyes. Stared at the rich white and silver dress under the lavish pale green woollen mantle, the uncountable silver leaves embroidered on both of it, stared at the richly ornamented rings on those slender, long fingers, and the elaborate pendant resting over that creamy bosom; and for the first time Tinnia realised how truly remarkable it was that someone who owned such fine things deemed Mother's books a treat to be desired. Then, as if all that wasn't wondrous enough already, the most amazing thing happened. Tinnia heard a tiny sound, like the chirping of a bird—but there were no birds in Dale at wintertime, were there?—and the queen smiled and tilted her head down. She brushed the hem of her mantle aside, made a shushing sound; there was more chirping, and then the tiniest hand Tinnia had ever seen appeared from the folds of the cloak and reached out for the queen's face. "A baby," Tinnia breathed. She looked at her mother, who stared just as transfixed as Tinnia at the queen. The lady's smile grew wider, she grasped the small hand, and holding onto it she cooed, "Now are you interested in books, too, my little leaf? Fuss not, penneth, I have already seen to it. There will be a fine book waiting for you to be old enough to read, with lots of pictures of all sorts of animals. Would you like that?" There was movement under the mantle, it opened even more, and revealed a tightly wrapped bundle, strapped to the lady's chest. Tinnia made out the tiny face of a nurseling, an almost new born, with the most dainty features, tiny, delicately pointed ears, and a tuft of golden hair. The queen laughed as the baby turned its head, looked at Tinnia and her mother with huge, sky blue eyes, and waved its little hand at them. "Indeed," she smiled. "I think he approves. Next time we come, though, he will make his own selection." The babe yawned, turned to snuggle even closer to his mother's chest, and the lady carefully covered him with her mantle again. Then she gestured to one of her valets, and, pointing at the assortment of books Tinnia's mother had set aside for her, said some words in her own tongue, whereupon the valet counted some gold coins on the counter and stowed the books in a basket. The queen bade farewell and proceeded to the glass blower's stall, leaving behind a thoroughly enthralled bookmaker and her daughter. ooOoo II. Ten years later, Tinnia was just as impatient to see the Elves as before. She hoped she would see the babe again, who by then must be a little boy, and she'd even prepared a few books she wanted to show him, items suitable for a boy his age, one of which she'd even scripted and drawn herself, as she had inherited her mother's talent for bookmaking. When the queen and the prince eventually came to their stall, though, Tinnia was disappointed. The little boy looked very much like his mother, with his hair almost the same colour as hers and his features delicate as hers, and his eyes were the same sky blue as the babe's from ten years ago, but he was clearly not older than three, maybe four years. "That is not the boy from last time," she blurted before she could stop herself. Being fourteen did that to her: her tongue was quicker than her brain, Mother always said, and, to make things worse, quicker than her manners. The boy was unperturbed. "You are the bookmaker, are you not?" he said to Tinnia. "I very much like the book you made, the one with the animals. Now I would have another one, with flowers and trees, if you have the like of it." "I'm not…my mother made that book," Tinnia replied. "It was made ten years ago; I was four then." Now the boy looked puzzled. "You cannot…" He said something in his own language to the queen, who shook her head and softly reprimanded, " Westron , Legolas." The boy, Legolas , looked down and said, "Yes, Naneth . But I do not understand how…" He gestured at Tinnia. The queen nodded. "Ah, I see where the misunderstanding lies." She smiled, first at Legolas then at Tinnia." You see, Men grow quicker than Elves. Only in body, though, not in mind." It was much to comprehend, and Tinnia was glad her mother elaborated on it later, but for now it had to suffice. What was more important was that she soon found that Legolas liked the same kind of books she did, that the animal glossary the queen had bought ten years ago was actually the prince's most favourite book, and that he'd even started to carve animals after the pictures in the book. He produced a wooden oliphaunt from his pocket, and Tinnia admired his craftsmanship. She had to remind herself that he was older than he looked, but even for a ten-year-old his skills were impressive. In the end, Legolas chose a plant glossary, a collection of pirate stories, and a small volume about healing herbs with which he wanted to gift his mother for the winter solstice. Payment went the same way as the last time, but before the valet stowed away the books, Legolas picked up his purchase. "I will carry them," he said. Tinnia saw him clutch the heavy tomes to his chest while he walked along the stalls besides his mother, oh-so subtly bouncing on his feet every now and then. ooOoo III. Tinnia was heavy with child when she next met Legolas. He looked like a six-year-old, and even though she knew he was almost as old as she was, she didn't know how not to feel awkward, didn't know how much he understood of her…circumstances. He was polite as ever, wished her luck and good health, and promised to bring her child a carved toy the next time they'd meet. She smiled at that and said that she'd probably have more than one child by then, and then blushed furiously when he blushed. "I shall…be prepared," he muttered. He bought no book that time. ooOoo IV. The selection of carved animals that Legolas lined up on the market stall's counter contained an oliphaunt, an elk, two ponies, a cat, six different breeds of dogs, an eagle, a sparrow, a swan, a spider, a whale, a seahorse, a butterfly—and a cave troll. Tinnia pressed her hands to her mouth and laughed through her fingers. "You have a lot of faith in me, it seems." "A child can have more than one toy,"