I Lied Summary: She knows she's lying when she tells herself that she doesn't love him. One sided JohannaxFinnick. Rated T. The first time I saw him was on TV. It was the Sixty-fifth Hunger Games, and he was the pretty boy all the girls in District Seven couldn't keep their eyes off of. Not, me, though. I was perfectly fine rolling my eyes at the ditzy girls who drooled at the sight of Finnick Odair with his shirt off. I was watching the Games with my "best friend" Maple Beech. Best friend in quotations because it was more for show than anything else. Our moms were best friends, our dads worked together at the lumber mill, and, to be completely honest, it was easier to share the pain. But I did not like her. Not at all. She was upbeat, nice, and girly, things I was not, even back then. And it irked me. "Oh my god!" Maple screamed, and I immediately winced, bracing myself for what I was about to hear, "It's Finnick Odair! Look at him! He's beautiful! His face! His lips! His abs! And his biceps! Oh my god, I would like die if he died!" I groaned, "Mape, you sound like a freaking Capitol Citizen! Stop!" It came out with more edge than I planned, and I could see the hurt look on Maple's face, but I ignored it, instead focusing my eyes on the boy on the screen. Finnick was handsome, no doubt. But he was arrogant (I had seen as much in his interview) and heartless (how could you kill people like that?), and his face just didn't make up for that. I stared at my television. Finnick was getting way more screen time than any of the other tributes. He had left the Career pack a while ago, which was probably smart considering that there were only a few tributes left. I watched him as he heard a scream in the distance. It was his District partner, some girl that he had basically ignored the entire Games. She was battling one of the tributes from One, who must have decided it was time to get rid of her. I sighed. I watched Finnick's spear hit its mark, right in the heart of the District One boy. I watched, unable to turn away, as he walked towards the girl, helped her up, and agreed when she begged to join him. They had only walked a little bit when the girl collapsed. She had some sort of knife in her stomach, which she must have been hiding from Finnick. He ran to her, horror on his face. She talked, but it was too quiet for me to hear. Instead, I focused on Finnick's face. It was tear-streaked, which I found surprising (he'd barely known the girl!). He grabbed her hand and kept telling her how sorry he was. She died, of course. It was the Hunger Games, not The-Capitol-Loves-the Districts-So-Much-Games. Finnick was distraught, sobbing over her dead body. I suddenly wondered if he cried after all of his kills. It wasn't like it was his fault that he had to kill those kids. It was kill or be killed. "Oh my, poor baby," I heard Maple say to my left, and Strong Johanna was back, "People die all the time. It's the Circle of Freaking Life." Maple stared at me, "Doesn't mean it isn't sad." I didn't pay attention again until the very end. It was Finnick versus a boy from my own District, a boy a couple of years older than me that I vaguely knew from school. I knew I should have been rooting for Seven, but I really wanted Finnick to live. "I hope Finnick wins," Maple said. "Oh my God! What is wrong with you?" I watched Finnick and the boy from Seven, both now lying on the ground, bleeding profusely. The boy from Seven was sobbing, blood gurgling from his eyes. I rolled my eyes. What a baby. I saw Finnick, who reached out his hand and grabbed the trembling fingers of the other boy, and I smiled. The other boy eventually died, and I watched Finnick being pulled out of the Arena half-dead. Half-dead, but still half-alive. I didn't know why that made me so happy. "Johanna!" Maple screamed, "Do you know what this means? He's coming here on the Victory Tour! Oh my gosh!" I glared at her, "Do you seriously think he's gonna magically fall in love with you when he comes her e ?" She glared back, "Well, jeez, Jo, just because you don't like him, doesn't mean you have to be so obnoxious." "I don't like him," I shot back, "He's ugly and heartless and I will have nothing to do with him! So there! oOo I stood outside President Snow's office, fingering the envelope that had called me away from the party (rather rudely, I might add). I was a Victor now, having emerged from the Arena scathed, but alive. I was happy to return home to a peaceful, more monetarily comfortable life. I just had to talk to evil Santa Claus first. I didn't bother knocking, just flung open the door. "What the goddamn hell do you freaking want, you idiot!" If he was disturbed by the outburst, he didn't show it. "Johanna, please do come in," Snow said, and gestured towards a fancy plush chair on one side of the room. That was when I noticed the younger man in the room. He was tall, with bronze skin and golden hair. It was none other than Finnick Odair. "What is he doing here?" I asked Snow, glaring at Finnick. Snow smiled at me, "Mr. Odair is going to discuss something rather important with you, Johanna. Meanwhile, I don't want to miss anymore of the party." He opened the door and let himself out. I whirled on Finnick. "What do you want?" He sighed, and I noticed for the first time that he looked rather uncomfortable. But Finnick Odair, uncomfortable? Never! He held out his hand, "I'm Finnick. Congratulations on winning the Hunger Games." I didn't respond, just continued glaring, so he dropped his hand awkwardly. Finnick was staring at the ground, and I was beginning to get exasperated. "What do you want? I'd like to get back to my party and then go home." "That's just the thing, Johanna. You can't go home. Not permanently anyway." "What do you mean?' "Look, I'm just going to say it. Snow wants you to be a –prostitute. Like, uh, me." My eyes widened and I didn't say anything for a few seconds, then punched him, hard. "Are you kidding me? You can't be serious!" He looked at me, no expression on his face, "I'm serious, Johanna. Sorry." I looked at him with hate, "Then you disgust me! Why the hell would you ever agree to something like that! You are-sick!" I whirled around, about to storm out, when he grabbed my arm. There was pleading in his eyes, "Johanna, please, just listen. They will kill your family. The people you love." "I'm not scared. They can't do anything to me. I won the Hunger Games. I'm immune now." "Johanna, please. We're the same. I don't want you to get hurt." I whirled on him, "No, Mr. Odair. We are NOT the same! You are a disgusting, filthy playboy that's too weak to stand up to the Capitol, and I am better than that! So please, just leave me alone!" I stalked out, not bothering to look back. "No, Johanna," he called out (I wasn't yet out of earshot) "We aren't that different. It's just that you're stupider than me." oOo The three of them were buried under an oak tree. The funeral was a quiet and sad occasion, as all funerals are; everyone had left, leaving just me and my sadness. I sunk down to my knees, tears leaking out of my eyes and spilling into the dirt for the first time since the fire. It had never been said out loud, but it didn't take a genius to see that my refusal to fuck people for Snow and the death of my parents and my brother were connected. It was all my fault. I was an arrogant, ignorant bitch. It was fall, and I could hear the crunching of leaves beneath someone's boots behind me. I turned around, expecting Blight, my mentor in the Games and my new "designated caregiver". It wasn't Blight. It was Finnick. "What are you doing here?" He didn't answer. Instead he stretched his arms out to the side, a cheeky smile playing across his face. "You look like you need a hug." "If you hug me, I will kill you," I didn't think his smile could get any bigger, but it did as he laughed at my expense. He was from the coast, and autumn was cold in District Seven, so he was wearing a puffy blue jacket. I didn't even realize I was shivering until his jacket was around me, warm and comforting. We sat down, crunching the orange and yellow leaves. Finnick took one of my hands in both of his, and I was tempted to pull myself away and run. I didn't though, only because his hands were surprisingly warm and comforting. I let myself drown in his strength, and the world didn't look as bad as it did five minutes ago. "Johanna, I-" he began. "You're going to say 'I told you so', aren't you?" "Actually, I just wanted to say how sorry I am. This really sucks. Also-look, Johanna, you can't blame this on yourself, okay?" "Too late." I replied. "I guess I'm gonna be one of Snow's little prostitutes now." I sighed, "I should have listened to you before." He looked at me, and the smile had disappeared from his face. "You know, I didn't agree to it at first either. But Snow- he- my grandmother." Finnick couldn't go on, and he looked away, tears filling his eyes. "I'm sorry, Finnick." He looked at me, his gaze serious and powerful. "If we're going to get through this, we might as well get through it together," I laughed humorlessly, "Well, I could use a friend, especially since Snow killed everyone else I care about." We were standing now, and I held out my hand. "Allies?" "Nah. Friends." oOo Our Friday and Saturday nights were spent "partying" at the Capitol. Finnick and I would always eat breakfast together the morning after, joking about who got more wasted, nursing our hangovers, and just trying to forget. So I was a little concerned when it was 10:25 on Sunday morning and there was no sign of him. I figured he probably just partied a little too hard last night and overslept, so I knocked on the door to his room. There was no response, so I turned the doorknob and stepped in. God, his room was a mess. Clothes and underwear were everywhere, and dirty dishes, torn pillows, and other miscellaneous items littered the floor. His bedspread was neat, but that's only because he never spent the night in his own bed (Thank you Snow). "Finnick?" I called, uncertainly. I was tempted to leave, just go back to my room and yell at him later, but then I heard a faint moaning coming from his bathroom. "Finnick?" I stepped cautiously into his bathroom and finally found him. Most of the time I look at Finnick and forget that he's not a Greek God; he's just a kid. I had never seen him so small and vulnerable before. He looked utterly deflated. Finnick was a hot mess minus the hot. He was wearing his fancy white dress shirt from last night, but his tie was crooked and drooping to the side. He was wearing hot pink boxers (despite everything, I laughed a little at that) and long black dress socks up to his knees. Both articles of