Mockingjay Pin DISCLAIMER: I do not own the Hunger Games because I am not secretly Suzanne Collins. But enjoy! Sorry for any gore, but it IS the Hunger Games. "Maysilee, can you help me with this? You have a good eye for window decorations!" "Sorry, dad, I have to run the counter. Oh, I'll get Marilyn to do it." And that's how I found myself watching the counter of our empty store. Not many people in District Twelve (especially not in the Seam) could afford sweets. It was a boring job, and Maysilee hated it more than I did because she genuinely loved talking to people. I sighed, trying to read my copy of Beowulf, a book assigned to us in class. I hadn't liked it: there was no happy ending, like in fairytales. I liked happy endings, and hoped I would get mine eventually. I could hear Maysilee's laughs from outside as she helped our dad. I wished I was her. Maysilee was the older twin, and she, she was so good at everything! She loved to sing, and had a beautiful canary. She was the top of our class even though she rarely studied, she was good at sports, and even though we looked exactly the same, it was Maysilee that had boys falling at her feet. Oh, and to top it off, she was a deep down nice person. I sighed, wishing for someone to walk in and distract me. The little bell on our door jingled, almost on clockwork, and two boys walked in. They had the black hair and olive skin of the Seam, which surprised me. Like I said before, Seam kids usually don't have enough money for lunches, let alone extra candy. The younger one looked around five, adorable and excitedly tugging on his brother's hand. I recognized the older one: his name was Haymitch and he was twelve, like me. And, I'll admit, I had a teensy weensy crush on him. Okay, so maybe not so teensy weensy. Haymitch looked down at his brother and pointed at the candy. "You can have any three," he said. His brother gasped, and his gray Seam eyes flashed with excitement."Thanks, Haymitch!" he beamed, "This is the best birthday ever!" I watched quietly as the little boy picked out three pieces: a peppermint, a blue and green striped one, and a lemon drop the color of sunshine. Haymitch paid for them in carefully counted coins. "It's all right." I said, "You can have them. It's his birthday, after all, and three small pieces aren't going to make a difference." Maybe I was trying to impress my crush, or maybe deep-down goodness runs in the family. It didn't matter. Haymitch replied gruffly, "No," and roughly slid his coins across the table. I took them without another word. The younger one had stuffed two of the candies in his mouth and held the other one out to his brother, "Take it," he said. "No, it's your gift," Haymitch replied, still angry, but with warmth seeping back into his tone. I watched them leave, wishing I had done something else. They came back every year on the same day, the little boy, whose name was Hayward, jumping up and down in excitement, and Haymitch carefully counting out the coins. I never again tried to give him a discount. If I were Maysilee, I probably would have kept trying out of stubbornness and misguided kindness. If I were my mother, I would have been wily and lowered the price right before he walked in. But I'm Marilyn and I didn't move a muscle. "No discount?" he asked. I shook my head slowly. His scowl contorted into a half-smile, a half-smile for me. X "Happy birthday!" "This is your sweet sixteen, so we got something that fits the theme," Maysilee said as I held out a big bag of sweets from our shop. It was Vera Barbury's birthday, and since she was our best friend, Maysilee and I had pooled our money to buy her a ginormous bag of candy. She would need a lot of sweetness in the time to come: the Second Quarter Quell reaping was in less than three months. "I know what else I really want for my birthday," Vera said, a blush creeping across her cheeks, "A kiss from Amir Everdeen," "You can't be in love with Amir," Maysilee chided, "He's from the Seam, and you can't possibly want to love someone from there. Isn't that right, Marilyn?" I didn't say anything, because I loved Haymitch, who was also from the Seam. But Maysilee was right. The Seam was the slum of District Twelve, where all the coal miners lived. I shuddered thinking about it. But I was sure Haymitch was worth it. "Amir would be worth it," Vera replies, voicing my thoughts, "I swear, when he sings, the birds go silent," "But you have that Mellark boy," Maysilee tried to dissuade her, putting on her stubborn face. Vera wasn't convinced. "Come on. Marilyn, you agree, right?" "I think if the boy was worth it, I would give up everything for him," I said dreamily. My eyes flitted to Haymitch, who was sitting at a table a few feet away with Amir. The Seam kids were required to go to the same school as us (segregation was banned almost two hundred years ago), which was nice, because I got to see Haymitch every day. Maysilee turned up her nose disdainfully. "You guys are crazy. I would never marry a pauper from the Seam. In fact, I think I would be the mayor's wife." X I furrowed my eyebrows, trying to make sense of my math homework. All the numbers swirled around in my head, and I could feel the start of a headache coming on. Maysilee and I had started our homework around forty minutes ago. She had whipped through it, but I couldn't understand a single problem. Normally, she would have stayed and helped me, but she told me she wanted to help dad organize the candy trays or something. I had thought that it was strange that Maysilee wanted to work, but the thought of my homework before me led me to completely forget about everything else. I walked around the side of our house, but stopped short when I heard two familiar voices. "Oh, this is so sweet!" "'I've been uh- saving up um- for it," Haymitch, who was always snarky and arrogant, seemed almost nervous. But who was the blond girl he was with? It couldn't be Maysilee! She told me everything! I saw Maysilee pin the pretty gold Mockingjay pin to the front of her shirt. "Gosh, it's so pretty! This was so thoughtful, thank you!" Haymitch grinned, a full smile, not a half-smile. "I thought you'd uh- like it, you know because you like singing so much." Run, I told myself, you don't want to see this. But my feet refused to move. So I watched. I watched as my sister, my twin, my best friend in the whole world threw her arms around the arrogant Seam boy who I loved, watched as their lips met, they lost their balance, and collapsed against the side of the house, breathing heavily from loss of air. That would have been a perfect time to take my leave, right? But no, my feet were still numb. So I stayed to hear Maysilee speak to Haymitch, "I don't like this whole secret thing. I've never kept anything from Marilyn, and I don't like all this sneaking around." "We can't. If anyone finds out about us, your father will have me killed in a snap second. And you don't want that, do ya sweetheart?" Haymitch had regained some of his barbed humor. "No," Maysilee replied. She untangled herself from him, and stood up. "I'd better get going. The Reaping is in a week, and I need to try on my outfit." He smirked, "You'd better look pretty," Maysilee gave him a disdainful look and playfully slapped him. I knew she would find me if I didn't move so I took off back to my room. As I ran, I felt fury take hold of me. I could remember her high-and-mighty voice at lunch; I would never marry a pauper from the Seam . It was nothing but a lie. And it wasn't fair. I loved Haymitch, would give up the world for him. It wasn't fair that Maysilee got everything she wanted, everything I wanted. By the time I got to my room, some of the anger had melted away into sadness. I threw myself onto my bed, soaking my pillowcase with my tears. I heard a pair of footsteps up the stairs. It must have been Maysilee, who sensed my tears. Twins are like that. "Marilyn, is something wrong?" In response, I sobbed harder. Maysilee came to my bed and patted my back, "Hey, what's wrong? You're not upset that I left you today, are you? I'm sorry, but…" she lowered her voice and her hand fingered the pin on her blouse, "I had to see Haymitch. I've got to tell you something. I- I think I love him, you know, and it's hard to meet in secret. I hope knowing that will make you less upset." No, knowing just made me more upset. X "All right, Marilyn. We have to go now." Maysilee pulled me towards the Town Square, her hands tight on my wrist. "The Reaping starts in ten minutes." I could see the Mockingjay Pin pinned to her shirt. She had never taken it off since the day she had received it. It made me sad to look at it, and I turned away. I didn't want to go to the Reaping. I never wanted to go, to be honest, but this year was worse. It was the Second Quarter Quell, the fiftieth anniversary of the District's loss to the Capitol, and in order to truly "celebrate", four tributes would be reaped instead of the usual two. That meant two more chances for me to hear my name called out, two more chances for me to be led to the slaughter. I wasn't really afraid for myself. I was only in there six times, which was not bad at all compared to some of the Seam kids, who had to take out tesserae and ended up with their name in the bowl fifty to sixty times. I wasn't afraid for Maysilee, whose odds were as favorable as mine. I was afraid for Haymitch. Despite everything, I still loved him, and I couldn't bear the thought of him dying in the Games. I knew he had taken out tesserae, and I knew he had taken it out often. Maysilee and I were roped into the section for eighteen year old girls. Her hands were tight around mine, and I could feel the pain in my arm. But it was nothing compared to the pain in my heart when I saw that her other hand was gripping Haymitch's under the rope; Haymitch bent down to kiss it chivalrously, a light grin on his face. She gave him a weak, scared smile, and I could feel a tear rolling down my face. However, before anyone noticed, the reaping began, and I felt myself tuning out the boring speeches. Until, of course, the tributes were announced. The first tribute was a scrawny girl from the Seam that couldn't have been more than thirteen. She would die, I could already tell. The next was Haymitch. I say it with certainty now, but then I was completely shocked. He didn't say anything, and his expression did not change. He tried to wrench his hand free of Maysilee's, but Maysilee had an iron grip. He looked at her, no expression in his eyes, pulled open her fingers, and strode purposefully to the stage. Maysilee was screaming and sobbing at this point, but I remained calm for some reason.