Hello, so this is my First Percy Jackson Fanfic and this is not at all about Percy or Annabeth... Of course U all had read the summary it's About Reyna and I don't exactly know who to ship her with but I think the problems solve. And I have inserted an OC in the story that is Reyna's irritating brother and believe me it is going to be fun so please READ READ READ and don't imagine about what is the story without reading and I also promise you LOTS AND LOTS OF FUN! And remember to review… Description of : Reyna : 1. beautiful 2. brave 3. Excellent leader ship 4. Afraid of nothing except ... well u will come to know. 5. Black braided hair. 6. Dark Brown eyes 7. Perfect posture 8. Always correct decisions 9. Patience and calm 10. Fit to be an empress Nico: 1. Dashing 2. Cute 3. quite an emo 4. short tempered 5. Don't like getting too close 6. In this story He is NOT a Gay. 7. Brave 8. Don't like to be underestimated 9. Not combed black hairs 10. Quiet friendly. Reyna's POV After the war everything seems so normal. Children play around New Rome without fear of monsters, teens chilling out and other citizens carrying on their normal jobs. Percy and Annabeth look so happy together without any tension, Jason and Piper roaming hands-in-hands with each other. And I am really not jealous of Piper and in fact we are good friends. She is not like her sibling that's one reason that I like her; another is that that she is brave and courageous. And I am not gonna hate her just because Jason love her. As I had already said I judge people on their own merits. Moreover, I think Jason found someone who really deserves him and maybe I was no his type and I am not sad or upset on this fact cause I am Praetor of New Rome and happiness and safety of my people is my real happiness. And, ok, I am very little bit proud on myself but I am sure I have hidden it right after all I have worked hard on my poker face so that no one could see my true feelings and those glares. And I think I have worked on correct things because everyone have believe in me as I never show my fears or disappointment and my glares are really effective. I wanted to give a party when I come to know that these things really work. I was so happy. So what I am a praetor and blah blah blah I am also a human and can't I be happy? Roaming though New Rome with Hot chocolate and Of Course Aurum and Aergentum was really really the nicest thing in the world, at least for me. And in the few hours war games are going to start and to be honest I never enjoyed it since I am the refree and my work is to watch and declare the winner. On the other hand it was interesting to see which cohort wins and, before scipios death, I and Scipio used to bet who would win. Don't ask me how I knew what he spoke It was kind of close relationship effect. Uhhhhh.. Why is everyone running to the river? So as a praetor I also had to go there. Oh No. He cant be HE . I mean HE. I know what u would be thinking : Reyna is so happily saying ITS HE, she must have known him longer than anyone and he is someone she love. But all of u get this straight He is not anyone I would be happy to see, He is an annoying …. Leave it I can't say those words. And He is not someone I love he is someone I hate. He is My ANNOYING BROTHER. He is the only one who: 1. Knows My Fears 2. Is Not Afraid of me 3. And Would Not be ( if he stays in camp Jupiter) 4. Can easily argue with me 5. He can make me laugh like a mad person. 6. That I am not gonna tolerate him and we will fight 7. Even If I won He will Taunt me all the day long 8. And if campers raise him to the post of praetor I am gonna be in serious problem (but Frank is a praetor, Thank Gods) 9. I have to be always be with him and we are always like two chickens fighting over one seed 10. Campers gonna see it and if they find him more faithful than me, Well u know what's going to happen. I think Percy must have seen me in deep thought or worry because he was suspecting me. I looked at HIM. He was single handely fighting off some Laistrogyains. WOW. I never thought my brother could be that good. I shook that idea out of my head, I can be even better. But that's was not the same with others. They were watching him with wide eyes. "That's nothing" I murmured under my breath "But just look" Annabeth said, I wasn't even paying attension that Annabeth, Percy, Piper, Jason, Nico and Leo were now standing aroung me. " Do you know him?" Percy asked. He must have seen me glaring at my bro. "No". What else was I supposed to say? That hes my insane brother? After 5 or 10 minutes Ryan ( That's my brothers name) destroyed all the three Laistrogyians and came running towards us. I gave him a glare and warning that not to say hes my brother, at least for now. It seems he understood because he just stood straight and introduced himself to me. " Hi, I am Ryan." " Anyone wants to show him around?" I simply said looking around hoping someone to take over couse if I had to show him around then there is going to World War 3. " I think I and Annabeth can show him around" Percy said maybe because he was impressed by Ryan. " Hey, can we come too?" said Piper and Jason in unison " I am coming too" Nico said. " How can u Forget me?" Leo almost jumped. " We could join u all later" Frank said and looked at Hazel for agreement or something and she nodded. Seriously? I mean all are going? And I thought that I have to do so. Last glare passing between Me and my brother. And maybe that glare had said " I don't want u to bust out our brother and sister relationship" cuz he slighty noded. Annabeth's POV Is there really something? Percy told me that he noticed Reyna glaring at the new boy Ryan like they know each other for a long time. All CHB is here at CJ for frndship party or something and then it would be CJ's chance to come to CHB. But this Ryan guy is kinda funny and strong warrior type. Hes almost like Leo accept that he is really very good looking. He has Black hair in low cut, dark brown eyes, and a mishevious smile and his attitude was so charming that I thought he might be an Aphrodite or Venus (in case of roman) child. Perfect for anyone single. We tried to ask him about Reyna but he just said that He do not know her and this was the first time he saw her. Piper also find nothing loving between them. But I got to say that he was a nice guy, he laughed open heartly and was suddenly became so good friend of ours that it seemed that he was our some old friend. But Of Course we started thinking over who could be his godly parent. Mine and Piper guess went on Venus, But Percy's guess was of Neptune because he thought so brave boy could only be his brother, But Jason on other hand said that might be son of Jupiter for the same reason, Leo said that He was funny like him so he has to be his brother but Nico was to cut that he said that Ryan might be Mars child and Frank seemed to agree on that. This took a place of argument and Ryan was just smiling as if he knew who was his godly parent was. Only person to be quiet through out the argument was Hazel. " OK OK guys lets wait till I am claimed, please" He said with a smirking smile. " Now, Lets go to Reyna she always meet new demigod"I said. It was weird the way Reyna glared at this Ryan and she usually first meet the demigod and then ask anyone to show them around. Noone can Understand her. Reyna's POV Oh no there they are with Ryan. Gods I wish he has not told anyone anything about their being siblings. He appeared on the door with a smirking smile which he always put to tease me. Oh Gods Help. I said a silent prayer to the gods. I put up my strong expression. "Sit down". I said silently "So, Reyna we thought you want to talk to him". Annabeth spoke. I wanted to say NO YOU DOLT. Even if shes my good frnd but now I wanted to hit her hard. "Indeed"Had to Lie Octavian was also there. Unfortunetly. " Describe what happened at the river". As simple as that He also plainly described it. I didn't know that he was such a great actor. He acted so innocently like he really dosen't know . I also was no less I also acted like I am seeing him for the first time. " Go with Octavian to see whether u are accepted". He seemed not to like Octavian. Then Nobody does like him. Ryan's POV Reyna had changed. She was the Praetor. Like A queen or something and I was nothing. But I don't mean she had changed from rank. She had not even smiled on seeing me or when I smirked like she used to do. It looked like she had forgotten to smile. I was a year older than her that is 17. And I know girls are always around me and guess what I like? flirting. These girls here are not of much competition but, u know they are time pass. But I am pretty sure if Reyna's preator here then she would punish me if she saw me timepassing . People here are really Friendly and when they were arguing I thought to tell them that I am a son of Bellona not of some Venus, Jupiter etc… Where Reyna and I used to live together, people called us Apollo and Artimes because we have such relationship with each other. Always at logger's head. And of course I am Hot. I think I like these boys Leo and Nico. They would make excellent bros. And I seriously wanted a brother than a little sister. And now coming back to the present I am currently heading towards the Jupiter's temple. While passing through other temples, I came across my mthhher's temple. That guy Octavian told me that she is Reyna's mom( like I didn't know) and that they throw spear when they are going at war. Wow That's sounds tempting. I was just guessing if they have me to throw the spear when there is war, that would be fun. This guy Octavian is kinda not-so-friendly. He is the Augur and he rip open the stuff teddy bears for readind it. Seriously? Its very funny. We entered the Jupiters Temple. Its kinda very very big. But I pity Neptune's and Pluto's Shrine they were so small and well it seemed no one had gone for a long time. Obiously except Percy and Hazel and Nico. Hey, I gonna give my sister some good news,