Hey! Well, I was reading a few stories where Bella had a sister and I had this idea. It's pretty general I guess. I can tell you now that Annabelle will NOT have special powers. I don't know if she will turn into a vampire yet. It's too soon. Hopefully, if anyone reviews and asks questions, you can get more answers about Annabella Swan. Oh, and I recently just finished watching Gilmore Girls so I might use some of there quotes but change it up a bit to fit in here. Disclaimer: I, amber-emeralds, do NOT own Twilight (as much as I wish I did). I only own characters you do not recognise and other things you do not recognise. Enjoy xx Chapter One – New Life I sighed as I stared out of the window of the car. The wind whipped at my face and my hair flew around crazily. I was soaking up as much sun as I could before the flight. It would awhile before I saw it again. "Bella, Anna," Mum said to us, turning around in her seat. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes because I really didn't feel like fighting with my mother just before I was about to leave. "You don't have to do this." "I want to go." Bella lied. I snickered. No she didn't but her conscience wouldn't allow her to keep you here, mother. "Anna?" "I'm happy going mum." I said. "It will be nice to be with dad for more than two weeks." I was really happy about going. Sure I was going to miss the sun and the beaches but I was looking forward to spending time with dad. I missed him. Mum smiled sadly and turned back around to talk quietly with Phil. In the Olympic Peninsula in northwest Washington was a small town called Forks. It was almost always covered by clouds and rain, which was fine because the scenery was beautiful. Forks was also the town I was born in and the town my mother escaped from shortly after having me. She never liked Forks – she craved big cities, hot weather and adventure. My dad however… He liked the quiet life. He loved Forks and he didn't want to move. So, my mum did the only logical thing she could think of: She left, taking Bella and I with her. For the next few years Bella and I spent two weeks in Forks every summer, until Bella was fourteen. She finally had her long-awaited tantrum and then Dad had to spend two weeks with us instead. I hated the arrangement. We arrived at the airport only a few minutes later. After checking in, it was time to board the plane. I gave Phil a hug and walked over to mum, hugging her tightly. I felt some panic when I looked at her. My mother had the spirit of a child – how was I supposed to leave her? Phil would be here though so everything would be okay. Right? "Tell Charlie I said hi." She said. "We will." Mum smiled at Bella and pulled at my hair. I pushed her hand away, smiling. "I'll see you both soon. I'll come home whenever you want – I'll be right back as soon as you need me." But even as she said that I knew she didn't want to. She loved us, but she loved adventure just as much, if not more. "Don't worry about us, mum." I said, hugging her again. "Everything will be fine. You go have fun with Phil." Soon we were on the plane and Phoenix was out of sight. I sighed, looking out of the window. "Do you think everything will be fine Bella?" I asked, turning to my older sister. Her brown hair hung down and her beautiful matching eyes swirled with depth. We looked alike but I had much softer features and hazel eyes. I was also a bit… thicker, than Bella. Not fat – I just had a bit more meat, I guess. My sister smiled softly, though I could tell it was somewhat forced. "Everything will be fine, Anna." She said softly, repeating my words from earlier. I nodded, turning back to stare out of the window again. I had a long four hours ahead of me, so I started read Romeo and Juliet, one of my favourite books/plays of all times. I finished by the time we landed so when we got back on for another hour, I just listened to my iPod. When we landed the excitement startle to bubble but it was nothing compared to when I saw my father standing outside waiting for us. The cruiser was parked next to him and I nearly laughed. My dad, Charlie, was Police Chief Swan of Forks, so the cruiser has been around for quite some time. That's exactly why Bella wanted so badly to get her own car as soon as possible. She refused to even sit in the car, saying how it slowed traffic down. I just rolled my eyes at that. I didn't really care. "Dad!" I shouted, running towards him. I slammed into him, wrapping my arms around him tightly. I smiled at the familiar smell - pine and wet grass. I missed my father so much. "Hey Anna." Dad said, hugging me back. "It's great to see you." He looked a bit awkward. He wasn't very… what was the word Bella said? Oh, verbose. He passed that trait onto Bella and I, though I do better when talking to someone or expressing my feelings, except I tend to blurt out awkward things. I'd rather be mute. I let go of him and stepped back, allowing him to see Bella. Of course, being the klutz she is, she tripped on her way over and dad and I both had to catch her. I giggled when dad gave her and awkward one-armed hug. "It's good to see you too, Bella," He said smiling. "You haven't changed much." I laughed. "Nope, she still manages to trip over anything and everything." I snickered, sticking my tongue out when Bella glared at me. "Anna!" "Well, it's true!" Bella glared at me again and I rolled my eyes. Spoilsport. Dad shuffled awkwardly. "How's Renée?" "Mum's fine. It's good to see you, too, Dad." Bella said, shuffling awkwardly as well. Awkward monkeys surround me, honestly. Between us, Bella and I only had a few bags. Our Arizona clothes stood no chance against Forks – Mum and I had gone shopping but, surprise, surprise, there wasn't much winter clothes. Our luggage fit easily into the trunk. We got into the cruiser – Bella and dad in the front, me in the back. I didn't mind. It was silent for a bit until dad spoke. "I found a good car for you Bells, really cheap." "What kind of car?" Bella asked with suspicion laced in her voice. I chuckled quietly to myself. "Well, it's a truck actually, a Chevy." "Where did you find it?" "Do you remember Bill Black down at La Push?" La Push is the tiny Indian Reservation on the coast. They had awesome legends there. "No." "He used to go fishing with us during the summer," Charlie prompted. "Oh!" I exclaimed. "I remember. He has a son right – Jacob Black?" Dad nodded. "Didn't you used to have a crush on him when we were younger?" Bella asked, the hint of a smirk on her face. I gasped, "Bella!" It was true though. When we were younger Billy and Charlie used to take us fishing sometimes and I always got thrown with Jake. Bella got thrown with his two older sisters. Jake and I were really good friends and I had a major crush on him back then. I really hope I got to see him soon. "Anyway, Billy's in a wheelchair now, so he can't drive anymore, and he offered to sell me his truck cheap." "What year is it?" Dad's face changed and I giggled at the panic on his face. Leave it to Bella to ask the one question Dad didn't want to be asked. "Well, Billy's done a lot of work on the engine – it's only a few years old, really." Dad explained nervously. Bella still wasn't convinced. "When did he buy it?" "He bought it in 1984, I think." "Did he buy it new?" I asked from the back. Dad looked like he had forgotten I was there. "Well, no." Oh no. "I think it was new in the early sixties –" Oh my God! "– Or late fifties at the earliest." I giggled at the look on Bella's face – she looked very anxious and slightly horrified. You wanted a car Isabella. "Ch – Dad, I don't know really know anything about cars. I wouldn't be able to fix it if anything went wrong, and I couldn't afford a mechanic…" Oh Bella, you are trying so hard to get out of this. Dad tried to convince her that it wasn't so bad. "Really, Bella," He said earnestly. "The thing runs great. They don't build them like that anymore." I kind of tuned out for a while after that, getting extremely bored. I couldn't wait to get home and explore the forest around us. It was always my favourite part of coming to Forks, apart from seeing my dad of course. It was always so green and beautiful and if you were lucky you would see some deer. When you went in it was like nobody was there, nothing was there. It was just you and the musical sounds of the forest. I was so zoned out I almost missed dad saying, " – and you'll be driving your sister to school too." My head snapped up. "What?" Dad stopped at a traffic light and turned around to glance at me before continuing. "You'll be going to school with your sister." He said. "But Dad! I was going to ride my bike to school!" I whined. "You said I could a couple of days ago." "Well, that was before I bought Bella the truck. And besides, your tires are flat and I can't get new ones until the weekend, so you'll have to wait anyway." I pouted, crossing my arms and leaning back in my seat. It's not that I didn't want to go with my sister. I just missed my bike. In Phoenix it was always too hot to ride anywhere that wasn't five minutes away. In Forks, even when it's raining, it was so much easier and I loved riding my bike. I can't believe I have to wait until the weekend. The rest of the ride went by in silence. Eventually we made it home. I glanced outside; noticing that not much had changed. It was still the tiny, three-bedroom house that my parents bought together when they were only just married. The huge tree was still standing, bigger, next to the house where I can faintly remember Bella's room was. Mine was downstairs, tucked away, just how I liked it. There in the driveway was a monster Chevy. It was red, although some of the paint had chipped away. It was one of those indestructible vehicles that could be driven off a cliff and still is in perfect condition after the incident. Bella thanked dad, looking excited. I was surprised – I thought she would hate it but hey, it will make her so much happier. As I got out of the car I heard a loud bark come from inside of the house and a grin spread across my face. I ran past Bella and Dad, grabbing the house keys as I passed and up to the door. The patter of feet was heard inside the house. I quickly unlocked the door and threw it open. I was immediately knocked over by a huge mass, sending me sprawling on the veranda. A big tongue