Welcome to Chapter One of 'It's a Twin Thing', for those of you wondering I have posted this before, however, I deleted it early on in the story because I wasn't happy with it. This is the new revised version, which I will be finishing! This story is rated T, dumbledore!bashing. The OC's in this story and the plot are all my own, so please don't steal any. If you would like to translate this story then please get my permission first. Disclaimer: This world belongs to the amazing J. Chapter One "THE DURSLEYS?!" Olivia shrieked, glaring daggers at the old man standing in front of her. At the moment all she wanted to do was hex his bloody bollocks off. She couldn't stand the sight of him, how dare the old fool do this to her nephew. "It was for the best Miss Potter," Dumbledore said calmly, trying to get her to see reason. "For the best?" Olivia cried in disbelief, her eyes darting between the Headmasters and those of Professor McGonagalls. Unlike Dumbledore, Olivia looked into Minerva McGonagalls eyes and saw regret, regret for allowing Harry to be given to the Dursleys. Olivia saw sadness, sadness for the two former students and friends that had just lost their lives. Olivia shook her head, she couldn't think about James, not yet, it was too soon. However, the one thing that did surprise Olivia was the look of anger and hatred that lit up McGonagalls features when her gaze landed on the one and only, Albus Dumbledore. "You can't tell me that leaving Harry with a bunch of magical hating muggles is what's best for him," Olivia told Dumbledore. "My dear," Dumbledore began, his eyes twinkling beneath his glasses, "when Lily gave her life for young Harry she protected him with the magic of a mothers love. Petunia Dursley is the only living relative with Lilys blood in her veins, she's able to maintain the protective blood wards surrounding Harry until he is of age." Olivia watched him critically, looking for any indications that he was being untruthful. Everyone had a tell tale gesture, something that would give them away. Luckily, Olivia knew exactly what Dumbledores weakness was. She stared him down, watching his eyes intently, until the left one twitched. Got you, Olivia smirked up at Dumbledore, who was watching her with interest. "You're lying Headmaster," Olivia said, it wasn't a question but a fact. "What are you on about my girl?" Dumbledore chuckled nervously. "You know exactly what I'm talking about sir," Olivia remarked, spitting out 'sir' as if it was poison, she was practically growling at the headmaster now, "while we're on the subject of lies, why don't you tell me who the secret keeper for Godrics Hollow was." "Miss Potter, every one knows by now that it was Sirius Black," Dumbledore told her. "Honestly Headmaster, lying really doesn't become you. Why don't you tell me the truth?" Olivia growled, her tone dangerous and mocking. "The truth Miss Potter, is that Sirius Black was the secret keeper and it is his fault that your brother and best friend are now dead," Dumbledore snapped, his temper rising. A gasp could be heard from McGonagall, who now had a hand covering her mouth in shock. "How dare you bring James and Lily in to this," Olivia screamed, "my twin brother has just been murdered and you talk about him as if he was nothing but another stupid pawn in your chess board. I see the look in your eyes Headmaster, you don't care that James and Lily are gone, you've been planning this from the very beginning, you didn't do any thing to help them, you just let them die!" "I tried my best to stop their deaths Miss Potter, but when we got there it was already too late," Dumbledore told her bitterly trying to reign in his anger. "Once again you lie old man," Olivia spat, "Sev came to you and told you about Voldemorts plans to kill Lily and James and you told him that you'd protect them, you told him they'd be safe and that no harm would come to either of them, you gave him your word." Dumbledore was just about to argue when Olivia cut him off. "No. You don't get to speak, I'm not done." Olivia spat, her voice deadly and laced with venom. "You know who really betrayed my brother and best friend, don't you. It was all your fault, you told James and Lily that swapping secret keeper was the best idea and who did you go and suggest? Pettigrew. You told them that Pettigrew would be the best option, that slimy bastard ratted them out and as far as I'm concerned it was all your fault. I hold you responsible for their deaths Headmaster, I don't trust you, I never have and never will. Oh and just to let you know, you have an extra space in the orders inner circle because I quit." Olivia hissed, turning around and storming out of the office. "Stupefy," Dumbledore yelled, pointing his wand at Olivia. "Minerva, would you please take Miss Potter up to Gryffindor common room and I will come and have a word with her in a minute," Dumbledore said. "Of course Albus," McGonagall said, levitating Olivia and making her way through the corridors of Hogwarts and towards the Gryffindor common room. ... Back in his office Dumbledore was contemplating what to do with Olivia Potter, he'd been sat there for a while and was still indecisive. "I best go pay her a visit,"he muttered to himself. ... Olivia sat up in a panic, gasping for air and looking around the room cautiously. She caught sight of a figure standing in the corner and reached for her wand, only to find that it wasn't there. In an attempt to escape she jumped from the sofa and made to attack the person the muggle way. She ran towards them and swiped them clean of their feet. Knowing that they would be winded she ran for the door. "Olivia," The figure gasped. Olivia froze, she knew that voice. "Minnie?" Olivia asked nervously. Turning around she saw Minerva McGonagall gasping for breath on the floor, "Merlin, I'm so sorry." She cried, running over to her in an attempt to help her up. "No," McGonagall rasped, "take my wand, stupefy me and run," She told her. "What? I can't leave you!" Olivia protested. "Go, use the whomping willow and run, don't look back," She said. Olivia nodded mutely, took McGonagalls wand and stupefied her, then ran for her life. She ran through the corridors of Hogwarts, ignoring the cries of anger from the portraits and out into the grounds. The Whomping Willow was in sight, she ran up to it, dodging the branches effortlessly and tapped the root quickly. The entrance opened and she race through it until she'd gotten to the other side. As soon as she was through she apparated to the only place she felt safe; home. "Sev?" She called urgently once she'd apparated into the foyer of the house. "Liv?" A voice called back, Severus Snape appeared at the door way and ran to her side in an instant. "What is it?" He asked. "We need to get out of here," She told him, running upstairs. Severus followed her whilst she ran. "Why?" he asked. "Dumbledore is not going to be happy when he realises that I'm gone," She replied. Severus looked at her blankly, wondering what an earth she was talking about. "Come here, let me show you," She hissed. She grabbed his hand in hers and he gasped at what he was seeing. Olivia had played the events of earlier to him through their connection. They were soul mates, which meant that if they had physical contact then they could share with each other their memories and emotions. "That bastard," Snape snarled. "I know but we have to go," Olivia told him, calmly know because she could see him getting into one of his moods. "Of course," he said, "Where will we go?" "Gryffindor Manor," She replied and chuckled at the shocked expression on his face. "It's real?" He asked. "Of course it is," she said, "Though it is thought a myth throughout the wizarding world it is common knowledge in the Potter family because we own it," She said smugly. "And you never thought to tell me this?" He asked her. "There was no reason too," She said sternly, "finish packing while I go get our little girl." Without waiting for Severus to reply she ran into the room opposite theirs. It was a simple room, the walls were painted a soft pink and the furniture was elegant and painted a pure white. She walked over to the crib in the far corner and smiled as her little girl smiled up at her. "Hey there beautiful," Olivia cooed, picking her daughter up and levitating all her stuff into a suitcase with an extension charm on it. Just as she had finished Severus came walking through the door, a suitcase in his hand and his wand in the other. "You ready?" He asked, she nodded and walked over to him. He shrunk both the suitcases and tucked them into his pocket. "Hey there poppet," He said, greeting his daughter softly, placing a light kiss onto her forehead. She giggled in joy and reached out her hands towards him. "Daddy," She gurgled, Severus took her out of Olivias' arm and snuggled her close. "Take my arm," Olivia told him, smiling at the interaction between father and daughter. Severus obliged and clung onto his daughter as he felt the pull of apparation. "We're here," Olivia declared once they had arrived. "Look around while I go and get Harry," Olivia said, only to be stopped by Severus' hand on her arm. "Be careful," He said softly. "I'll be back as quick as you can say Quidditch," She smirked up at him, giving him a quick peck on the lips before apparating onto Privet Drive. When she got there she gasped in shock. There he was, her little Harry bundled up in blankets and left on the doorstep. She tried to control her anger and swept her nephew up in her arms quickly before apparating back to Gryffindor manor. "You got him?" Severus asked from the top of the stairs. "Got him," Olivia replied, clinging to the bundle in her arms. "I've unpacked all our stuff and there is a room for the kids opposite us," Severus told her. "That was quick," Olivia remarked, astounded that he'd managed to get sorted so quickly, "then again, this is you we're talking about Sev," She said cheekily. "Very funny Liv," Severus said sarcastically, "know lets go say good night to our daughter and place Harry down to rest." "Of course," Olivia said, walking up the stairs and following Severus to the room he'd chosen. When she walked in she noticed that he'd transfigured another cot for Harry and had already place their daughter in her own. "Goodnight Harry," She said, smoothing his hair out before placing him in the cot. "Bye, Awnt Libi," He muttered, Olivia chuckled, he wasn't able to pronounce 'night' properly yet so replaced it with 'bye', and the 'V' in her name to a 'B'. "Mamma," Her own daughter called from the other side of the room, "You sing?" She asked. "Mummy sing," She said, "Lie down baby." Lullaby, and good night, in the skies stars are bright. May the moon's silvery beams bring you sweet dreams. Close your eyes now and rest, may these hours be blessed. 'Til the sky's bright with dawn, when you wake with a yawn. Lullaby, and good night, you are mother's delight. I'll protect you from harm, and you'll wake in my arms. Sleepyhead, close your eyes, for I'm right beside you. Guardian angels are near, so sleep without fear. Lullaby, and good night,