Welcome to Chapter One of 'You're Mine' This story is rated T for the use of bad language, upsetting scenes and character deaths. Please don't read if any of these disturb you. There is Dumbledore bashing, Harry x Ginny pairing and eventual Dramione. Disclaimer: None of the characters are mine, unless stated otherwise, and the world of Harry Potter does not belong to me but our Queen J K Rowling. The plot, however, is my own and I would like to remind you that you may not copy my story onto other sites, claim it as your own or translate my story without my permission, Thanks :) Chapter One It was nearing midnight and Ginny was sat alone on the bench beneath her bedroom window. She was going into her fifth year at Hogwarts in just over a week. Molly had been waiting for the news that she'd been picked for Gryffindor prefect, but to her surprise, no prefect badge came. Ginny wasn't too fussed that she hadn't been picked, in fact, she was quite relieved. Prefect was a big responsibility and with it being her O.W.L year she didn't want any distractions. The only downside was the obvious disappointment her mother had shown on the matter. She'd simply shook her head and exclaimed, "Don't worry dear. Not everyone's cut out for being prefect." At least, Fred and George had been there to cheer her up, they always knew what to do when it came to laughter. Hopefully, this year wouldn't be as bad as the last. Luckily, Umbridge had returned to the ministry after Hermione sent her on a wild goose chase, ending in her being captured by a herd of centaurs. Memories of the department of Mysteries still haunted Ginnys' dreams, they were becoming less frequent but the horror would always be embedded in her brain. Although she ought not to worry, Ginny was still in constant fear that death eaters would attack at any moment, she kept her wand on her persona at all times, never letting it out of her sight. The smallest noise would leave her paranoid with her wand brandished in front of her; alert and ready to hex any intruders. The only people she'd confide in was Bill and the twins. They listened to her and kept her company when the nightmares got particularly bad. She often wondered if she should talk to Harry, surely he'd be in the same position as her, but each time she'd stop herself. Harry had enough on his mind already, what with Voldemort still at large and Sirius' death still fresh in his mind. Things had been rather sombre after Sirius' death, it was to be expected, he was close to practically everyone in the order apart from Snape. The one thing that did surprise Ginny was the lack of emotion shown by Dumbledore, in fact, he'd hardly batted an eyelid. Ginny was never too fond of the headmaster, ever since the incident in the chamber she'd never trusted him one bit. It was at this moment that a booming crash enveloped the burrow, in an instant Ginny was racing down the stairs. Harry was running right behind her, along with Bill, Arthur and Ron, it seemed as though they'd heard the commotion as well. All four of them were now stood outside the front door, staring into the marsh as it swayed dangerously in the breeze. Bill and Ron made to turn around but Arthur held his hand up unexpectedly, he was concentrating on a spot to the left of the burrow. "What is it, Dad?" Ron asked, looking in the same direction but seeing nothing out of the ordinary. Arthur held up a finger, telling him to be quiet as his gaze seemed to intensify. A burst of bright orange caught the attention of the burrows occupants. In a blur, the burrow was surrounded by a roaring ring of fire. They watched the deep flames of the enraged fire burn the ground beneath it, a pop caught everyone's attention. In its place was a mangled woman, hair tangled from years of imprisonment. Ginny felt Harry stiffen next to her, this was the woman who killed his godfather. This was the woman who tortured Nevilles parents into insanity, this was none other than Bellatrix Lestrange. Harry broke out into a sprint as a break in the fire allowed Bellatrix out into the marsh beyond. Harry trailed closely behind, wand at the ready. Everyone could sense it, Harry wasn't just out to harm, he was in it for the kill. "Harry, NO!" Bill screamed over the roar of the fire. His voice barely a whisper against the crackling of the flames. The gap was still open, Harry was just about to run through it when Ginny quickly leapt into action. Before anyone could stop her, she bolted in the direction of Harry and Bellatrix. She couldn't leave him to face that monster on his own, he'd need a helping hand. "Ginny!" Arthur shouted, his voice rang out above the flames, unlike Bills his was full of desperation. His little girl had just run into the most dangerous situation he could think of, an unprotected marsh with a group of death eaters was not his idea of safe. All of a sudden, Ginny could no longer be his number one priority. Two black clouds were advancing towards the burrow, Molly and the twins were still in there. He had to get them out before anything more happened. "Bill! Go and fetch your brothers, I'll find your Mother. Ron, stay here. If Harry or Ginny come back don't let them out of your sight, understand me?" Arthur yelled and both boys nodded in agreement. The clouds were getting closer, Arthur wasn't stupid he knew they were death eaters but he couldn't think about that, he needed to get his family to safety. They were his only reason for living. "Molly?" Arthur screamed, trying his best to stay composed, given the current situation he was finding it particularly difficult. "Arthur!" Molly cried back, he could see her hobbling down the stairs. He quickly enveloped her in a hug, as she cried into his shoulder. "What's happening? Where are the kids?" She was in pieces, Arthur smile at his wife kindly. He really did treasure her above anything in the world, except for maybe his kids. "Don't worry Mollywobbles, everything will be alright," He tried to reassure her but she was having none of it. "I don't care about me Arthur, what about our children?" "They're fine, they're outside waiting for us," Arthur replied, trying his best to keep a straight face. He couldn't possibly tell her that Ginny and Harry - whom she considered as her own son - had run off after Voldemorts most loyal follower, or that he didn't know if Fred and George would get out in time. "Well, what are we waiting for? Let's get out of here!" Molly sighed in relief that her children were okay, or, at least, she thought they were. However, before either one of them could make a move to leave an ear-splitting crash surrounded their senses. Molly was thrown against the wall, unconscious. Arthur had managed to pick himself up and made his way towards Molly. Unexpectantly, he was hit with a spell that sent him spiralling towards the window. He was thrown out in amongst a shower of glass, then everything went black. Ron was relieved when Bill returned from the burrow with Fred and George hot on his heels. "Where's Mum and Dad? Are they okay?" Bill asked hastily, he was out of breath from rushing around and was clutching his stomach as he breathed heavily, his breath smoke in the chilly winters night. His question was answered quicker than he anticipated as two black clouds hit the roof of the burrow, sending a monstrous bang into the night. They watched as the burrow was engulfed in flames, they watched as their father came hurtling to the ground, out a top floor window. They watched as he hit the ground, his last breath knocked out of him due to the impact. They could not breathe, nor could they hear their hearts in their chests. They were alive, yes, but at what cost. What once was beautiful cracked and wilted under the weight of the weightless fire. The bright blaze of the flames turned black and ascended in the air in dark grey plumes of darkness, and misery. They could not run, nor could they scream. They only watched as it burned. Their home, their parents, everything. Ginny hadn't known what she was thinking when she'd run after Harry. As soon as she was out in the marsh she instantly regretted her decision. she couldn't see Harry, she couldn't hear Harry. Her senses were void in amongst the reeds. A rustling caught her attention, she turned round swiftly, only to have her wand knocked out her hand with such ferocity she was sure it had been snapped in two. A growl emanated from the shadows. Ginny backed away, finding herself in a clearing. "Harry?" She whispered, praying that it was Harry in the reeds and not someone else. A low growl brought Ginny back to her senses, of course, it wasn't Harry, why would he break her wand? A sinking feeling pushed its way down into Ginny's' stomach; this was bad. "Who ... Who's there?" Ginny asked, trying desperately to make herself sound confident. Another growl escaped the darkness, but this one was different, almost hungry. From the shadows came a wolf, yet he was no ordinary predator. He moved towards Ginny, staring with almost human eyes. The only sound in the deafening silence is his breathing, his flaring nostrils as he takes in Ginny's' scent. He curled up his gums to reveal yellow stained teeth and then let out a low rumbling growl. Ginny already knows her fate, in seconds her throat will be ripped out, her flesh consumed, blood staining the murky waters below. However, she mustn't give up. In a final attempt to rescue she lets out a piercing scream, calling the name of the only person who might have a chance of hearing her. "Harry!" Ginny's' voice echoes throughout the marsh, a gleam of red catching her attention, it was in the direction of the burrow but she snapped out of it and kept her eyes trained on those of the wolfs. "Ginny?" A faint calling could be heard in the distance, it was Harry calling her name. He'd lost Bellatrix after chasing her deeper into the marsh, it had seemed like a life time before he heard the distressed calls of Ginny. He stopped in his tracks and called out to her, he had to find her, no matter what happened. As soon as the voice of Harry reached Ginnys' ears a feeling of relief overwhelmed her, she turned her back on the beast in front of her, searching for the source of Harrys' voice. That had been a mistake. No sooner than she'd turned her back had the beast lunged towards her, baring it's teeth as it went. She gasped in pain as she felt a searing pain pulsing up her leg, the wolf had a hold of her leg in his jaws. The pain was like nothing she'd experienced before, her whole leg was on fire and she could feel it spreading to the rest of her body. The wolf reluctantly let go and began advancing again. Ginny fumbled around, tears streaming down her face, looking for something to defend herself with. Just as the wolf was about to lunge again she found her fingers curled around a large stick. In one quick movement, the stick swung round and hit the wolf on the side of the head with a loud crack. This was Ginny's' chance she stumbled backwards away from the wolf as it tried to recover from the shock of