a/n: Just a random one-shot I thought up a while ago but never wrote down/typed up. Hope you like it! =) Summary: Edward doesn't come back in NM, 70 years pass and Edward is getting married. Alice finds someone who Edward misses very much: Bella. Lots of twists! E'sPOV Disclaimer:I do not own Twilight, but I do own the plot line and the idea to make this story/one-shot. ~Edward's POV-His wedding day-70 years after he left Bella... It's my wedding day. Oh my god I can't believe I'm actually going through with this. Yes, I may love Jenna, but she is still nothing compared to the Angel I left behind 70 years ago. Stop it! You left! Stop thinking about her! She is, and was, better off without you! "Geez Ed! Calm down!" I jumped about 5 feet in the air and stopped pacing when Jasper spoke. "Sorry." He sent me calming waves and I gladly took them. Hey, Edward. Come outside for a moment. - Alice I walked outside to see Alice walking slowly toward me with her arm linked to an old lady's arm. She had brown eyes and long white hair, she was thin and looked really fragile. Her skin looked as pale as ours but it also looked like if I touched it, she would fall apart. "Who's this?" I asked Alice confused. "Edward, I'd like you to meet Bella." Alice spoke very gently, and she was smiling happily but not bouncing. My eyes widened and my mouth dropped. "You were safer." I said to myself so quietly that only vampires could hear. But strangely, she shook her head and smiled lightly. "No, not really, Edward." Alice spoke a little louder this time. Bella and Alice looked at eachother. "Show him." Bella nodded, and then there was a glowing, sparkly light around her. Emmett and Jasper came out of the room behind me to see what was happening. Rose came out from behind Alice and smiled at me. Suddenly the light dimmed and their stood Bella, only 18 again. She's a vampire. "Hello, Edward." I must have looked like a complete moron standing there with my mouth open and eyes wide. At that moment I didn't care. She laughed and it sounded like bells. Hmm... ironic. "Dude! Say something!" Emmett hit me on the back. "Hi." Wow. Nice, Edward, real nice! 'Hi.' That makes you sound soo smart! They all looked at eachother for a moment, then burst out laughing. "What?!" I yelled at them all. "Hi to you, too!" Bella said still laughing. "Alice?" They stopped laughing but the girls were still giggling. "Mhm?" "How did you find her?" I was truly curious as to how my pixie sister found someone who we haven't seen in 70 years. But I just noticed the color of Bella's eyes. She's a human drinker. "She's Aro's adoptive daughter, and part of the guard." I looked at her shocked. "I'm the one that got them into drinking animal blood. Aro would do anything for me, even if it means changing his diet to something, a little bit different." She told us proudly. "If you guys are vegitarians, then why are your eyes red?" "Because I made myself human, its one of my powers, and once I change back into a vampire it's like I'm a newborn... but with waaay better self control." I nodded. "PLACES EVERYONE!" Someone shouted. Alice took Bella over to some seats by them. I went to stand at the end of the alter. Jenna had asked the Denali girls to be her bride's maids since she lived with them before we met. I felt really bad that I was getting married to someone while Bella was here and alive. I looked over at Bella. She was wearing a purple halter dress, with sparkly designs over it. It was floor length, and fit her curves beautifully. I noticed her left hand hold her right and in front of her. I looked at her ring finger and saw a silver ring with tiny diamonds going all around it. She's married. Suddenly I felt a whole lot better about getting married with her here. I looked up just as the music on the piano started. Everyone stood up and looked toward the entrance. First Carmen and Eleazar came out, then Tanya and Jasper, and last Irina and Emmett. After them, out stepped Jenna and Carlisle. They walked down the isle, Jenna and my eyes never leaving each others. Then they were here. (a/n: I'm only 12 and have only ever been to 1 wedding, but I was like, 7 or 8, so I didn't really pay much attention, so I'm just going to skip to the 'I do's'.) "Edward Anthony Mason Cullen, do you take Jennifer Eva Denali to be your lawfully wedded wife?" (a/n: Did I say that right?) "I do." "And do you Jennifer Eva Denali, take Edward Anthony Mason Cullen to be your lawfully wedded husband?" "If I didn't I wouldn't be here. Yes I do!" Everyone laughed a little. (a/n: Anyone who knows where that's from, gets a virtual New Years cookie! Whoo!) "By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you, husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride." We kissed each other gently as everyone stood up and clapped. **~TIME SKIP-THE RECEPTION~** Bella and my sisters came up to us at the reception. "OH! Bella! I can't believe you made it!" Jenna walked over to Bella and gave her a hug. "You two know each other?" To say I was shocked would be an understatement. "Yeah, who do you think thought up the idea to find her?" Jenna's power is to see people's pasts. She saw mine with Bella apparently. "Plus," Bella paused and looked at Jenna who nodded encouragingly. "We're sisters." "Whoa! What?!" I felt my eyes go as wide as sausers. "My mother and father are Renee and Phil Dwyer." "Someone care to explain?" Emmett came up behind me and said in a baby voice, "well, you see Edward. When a man and a women really love each other they-" "Not that!" He just smiled and walked up to Rose. "After you left, I went to go visit Renee and Phil and they told me Renee was pregnant with a baby girl. They told me they were naming her Jenna, after our grandmother,and that her middle name was going to be Eva after Phil's mother. And of course, her last name would be Dwyer." "Wow. Now I feel like a jerk." It's true, I did. "Why?" Jenna walked up to me and linked my arm with hers. "Because guys aren't supposed to break up with one girl than marry their sister." You're not a jerk! You didn't even know!" Tanya walked up to us. Jenna went to stand next to Bella again. "I still think your a bitch for stealing eddie from me!" Eddie? I still hate that name! "Okay, 1st of all, he doesn't like to be called that, and 2nd..."She leaned over towards Bella and whispered, "Help me out here, sis." Bella rolled her eyes but helped anyway. "A bitch is a rotweiler, and a rotweiler is a dog, and dogs are beautiful-" She started. "So thank you!" And Jenna finished. Tanya stomped away angrily. "Thanks BB." She smiled and hugged her. "No prob, JJ." She said hugging her back. "OH! Edward! Guess what!" She said excitedly, pulling away from her sister. I can not get used to saying that. "What?" "Bella is singing!" "AND NOW PLEASE WELCOME, ISABELLA VOLTURI!" Someone said on stage. "Ugh! Isabella!" She said under her breath as she walked over to a table which I just noticed Alec was sitting at. She took her purple stilettos off and put them under Alec's chair. Alec got up and followed her on stage where Demetri and Felix were. Jane was also there. Demetri was at the drums, Jane at the piano, Felix with the base, and Alec got the guitar. Bella went to the mike. "1st of all I want to say, Congratulations to the happy couple! You finally got the guts to propose to someone Edward. And it only took, 30 years to get up enough courage, too." Everyone laughed. "Yeah! Thank you so much, Bella! Feeling the love!" I called up to her and everyone laughed again. "Hey! Emmett dared me to say that! Well, the 30 years part anyway." Once again, people laughed. "This is for Jenny and Eddie's first dance on their special day." She pretended to wipe away a fake tear, "I'm so happy for you guys!" She sounded about ready to cry. "Anyway," Her voice was back to normal. "get to the dance floor!" We walked out to the middle and waited for the music to start. "This is called, A Thousand Miles. (By Vanessa Carlton) Jenna wrote this, but she is convinced that she can't sing so she told me to. She wrote this for Edward. Oh, by the way, this isn't really a slow song, but feel free to tango if you want!" People laughed. The piano started. ~A Thousand Miles-Vanessa Carlton Making my way downtown, walking fast, faces past and I'm homebound Staring blankly ahead, just making my way, making a way through the crowd And I need you, and I miss you And now I wonder... If I could fall into the sky, do you think time, would pass me by? Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles if I could just see you... tonight It's always times like these when I think of you and I wonder if you ever, think of me Cause everything's so wrong and I don't belong, living in your precious memory cause I need you, and I miss you And now I wonder... If I could fall into the sky, do you think time, would pass me by? cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles if I could jsut see you... tonight I...I don't want to let you know I...I drown in your memory I...I don't want to let this go I...I don't... Making my way downtown, walking fast, faces past and I'm homebound Staring blankly ahead, just making my way, making a way through the crowd And I still need you, and I still miss you And now I wonder... If I could fall, into the sky, do you think time, would pass, us by? Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles if I could just see you... OH! OH! If I could fall, into the sky, do you think time, would pass me by? Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles, if I could just see you, if I could just hold you... Tonight... We stopped dancing and everyone, us included, clapped. We looked back at Bella who was talking to the guard. She turned back to us. "Alright. Great dancing guys, like I said, Jennifer wrote that for her husband. A big round of applause for her awesome song writing." Everyone clapped and it looked like Jen would blush if she could. "Now this song is Jen's favorite. It's called Ultimate (Lindsay Lohan) . Don't ask why she likes this, I have absolutly no idea what-so-ever." Jen smiled brightly, and we sat down at a table next to each other. Both of us facing the stage. Bella got an electric blue guitar with dark blue hearts on it, and a swirl in the background made of light blue, white, and a darker blue than the hearts. (a/n: Just imagine its awesomness) ~ULTIMATE-LINDSAY LOHAN Bella started with the guitar. You're the kind of friend who always bends when I'm broken Like remember when You took my heart and put it back together again I've been wasting time with clueless guys But now it's over Let me tell you why I'm through I've meet someone new Who's just like you You're it You're the ultimate It's automatic. I'm sure of it No