Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter Okay! So chapter 1 of this story has in fact been gone through and fixed up, it has jumped nearly 3000 words! So a HUGE thanks to Bicky Monster for helping me re-work this chapter into something a bit more up to my current writing standards! I hope everyone enjoys the edits, and I shall be doing the same with the other chapters as well! Unwanted bonds Chapter 1 It had to be a dream, or maybe a very bad joke, that was the only thing that Harry could think of as he continued staring at the Headmaster. He was waiting for someone to tell him that this was in fact a joke, then they could all have a good laugh at his expense for believing something so ridiculous. And things would go back to normal. But no one was laughing, and as he clenched his hands into fists, feeling the slight sting of his fingernails digging into the palm of his hands, he was also rule out that this was a dream. Turning his attention briefly away from Dumbledore, Harry looked over at the other two occupants of the room. Draco Malfoy and Blaise Zabini. The two of them were just standing there, looking entirely too calm about the whole situation. Harry wanted to do something, yell at them, throw things, anything that would force them to have more of a reaction then their usual emotionless expressions. Taking a deep breath to calm himself as best he could, Harry turned so he was once again looking at Dumbledore. "Professor, I...I really don't understand..." A sigh of frustration was heard from Draco, and Harry looked back at him again narrowing his eyes a the blond boy. "What's not to understand?" Draco questioned. "Everything has been explained to you twice already," Malfoy sneered. "Perhaps it would be easier for you to understand if we had a little picture book for you." "Shut it, Malfoy," Harry snapped. "It's not my fault that you're impossibly slow and need things explained to you multiple times," Draco said with a shrug, a small smirk forming. "Me wanting to get all the facts straight doesn't make me slow," Harry shot back, crossing his arms over his chest. "My reaction is perfectly normal, thank you very much. Yours however…" Harry paused, narrowing his eyes at the blond boy who had been his school rival since first year. "I'm beginning to think that this whole situation might have been your fault. You seem a little too smug for it to have been an accident," Harry accused. Draco narrowed his eyes, taking half a step towards his long time school rival, however, Blaise reached out and grabbed Draco's shoulder, stopping him from moving any further. Draco looked back at the tan boy, frowning when Blaise shook his head. Draco huffed and leaned back against Blaise, allowing the tan boy to wrap his arms around him. "Potter," Blaise spoke then, once he had Draco securely in his arms. "None of us did this, in fact we aren't entirely sure what 'this' even is, so I suggest you stop pointing fingers." Blaise said narrowing his eyes slightly and watching as the small Gryffindor seemed to shrink back slightly in his chair. Blaise ignored Harry's reaction and continued speaking. "Right now there isn't much that can be done about this situation, unless you can learn how to keep your own magic under control. And considering we are all standing here, I am wondering if that will ever be possible." Blaise Zabini explained. "I can control my magic just fine!" Harry protested, earning skeptical looks from both Blaise and Draco. "When people don't piss me off," Harry added, glaring at the two Slytherins, making it quite clear that they were the one's pissing him off at the moment. Though truthfully, the whole situation was really starting to anger Harry. He couldn't even remember exactly what had happened, when he tried all he got was flashes of Ron's angry face and parts of a conversation that really shouldn't have lead to Ron being so angry at him. Closing his eyes, Harry tried to focus on the memory, like he had been doing since he had woken up in the hospital wing. Everything had been normal; he had been eating dinner with Ron and Hermione and they had been making plans for the summer. All three of them were intending to go on a trip together. Harry had never traveled before and the idea of going on a vacation with his two best friends was exciting. He, of course, would have to spend a couple weeks at the Dursley's, but then he would be able to meet up with Ron and Hermione. Hermione had gone places with her parents before, and Harry knew for a fact that Ron had been to both Egypt and Romania. They had all agreed that they wanted to go somewhere where none of them had been before. Things had gone down hill from there, and Harry couldn't remember much except the burning anger, and his magic feeling like a small fire had been lit just under his skin, being fueled by his anger as he and Ron fought. Harry could still hear the sound of Ron's glass exploding, before his memory went completely blank and the next thing he remembered was waking up in the hospital wing. "Harry?" Dumbledore's voice broke into his thoughts and Harry shook his head before opening his eyes. "I'm sorry, sir," Harry apologised. "It is quite alright, Harry." Dumbledore smiled kindly at him. "As I was attempting to say before, I believe that the problem with your magic is not just caused by your anger," Dumbledore said, getting Harry back on track with what the actual situation was, "your magic reacts whenever you have any bouts of strong emotion. In other words, you are still having episodes of accidental magic," Dumbledore explained. Harry nodded his head in agreement, his accidental magic wasn't something new to him. "What does that have to do with any of this though, sir?" Harry asked. "You see, Harry, typically a wizard child will have accidental magic until they are eleven years old, at which time they are able to start their schooling, and start learning to control their magic. Of course, having to use their magic all year long depletes their magical core, so they get the summer off to rest and recharge themselves so to speak," Dumbledore said and Harry nodded, indicating that he was following the Headmaster's explanation so far. "I think I'm understanding, but-" "If you would stop interrupting, maybe you would get the explanation you're looking for," Draco cut Harry off. This earned him another glare from the smaller boy before Harry turned his attention back to Dumbledore, waiting for him to continue. Dumbledore waited a moment longer to see if the boys were finished for the moment before he resumed his explanation. "In rare cases when there is too much magic built up in a single person, their magic seeks out someone compatible with them - their soul-mate, I believe that this is what you, Mr. Malfoy, and Mr. Zabini have all experienced," Dumbledore said, looking from Harry to the two Slytherins. Harry had listened to Dumbledore explain this. It was the third time he had been told, and though the wording had been different each time, the message was the same, he was somehow bonded to both Blaise and Draco, because he wasn't strong enough to control his own magic. "But it could have been anyone, why them?" Harry asked. "There is no proof of this, however, I believe your soul called out for them. How much do you remember of when it happened, my boy?" Dumbledore asked. Harry shrugged his shoulder. "I remember getting irritated at Ron, then his cup exploded, then… the rest is kind of fuzzy. I think… I remember someone talking to me..." Harry looked at Dumbledore to see if this was true or not. The Headmaster nodded in confirmation. "You created a shield around yourself, I think on some level you might have been aware that you did not want your magic to hurt Mr. Weasley. However, when there is that much of a magical outburst there are only two places for it to go; it can burst out and harm those who are close to you; or it can turn inwards, causing you great harm instead. Your shield was a powerful one, Harry, the only two who were allowed to pass through it were in fact Mr. Malfoy and Mr. Zabini here, that is what makes me believe that some part of you called for them, and them alone. Whatever the reason, your magic accepted them and bonded them to you." Draco watched as Harry sank further into his seat. He silently hoped that the Gryffindor wouldn't make Dumbledore go through the explanation a fourth time, but looking at the expression on Harry's face at the moment, Draco was sure that the smaller boy finally understood what was going on. Though he was reluctant to admit it, Draco could understand why Harry needed things explained to him more than once; the whole situation really was confusing. Even Draco had found it a little hard to believe at first, and while Harry had been having trouble with the idea of being bonded to someone, Draco was finding it hard to believe that the small Gryffindor had so little control over his own magic that it had forced a bond between them. If Draco hadn't been able to actually feel the connection between the two of them, he would have most likely been in the same position as Harry, denying that any of this was actually true. Even if he hadn't been able to feel the bond, Draco would have known that something must have happened Halloween night. Draco couldn't really remember moving from where had been standing at the door to the Great Hall, but he knew he had been the first one to make it through Harry's shield. Blaise hadn't been far behind him either, the only thought on both of their minds had been that they needed to calm Harry down before he killed himself with his own magic. Blaise had wrapped his arms around Harry while Draco had spoken softly to the smaller boy. The surge of power that had burst out from Harry at that point was enough to make Draco dizzy. "Okay, so they're bonded to me, WHY though?" Harry snapped, breaking Draco out of his own thoughts. "I know the how. You haven't told me why," Harry said in frustration. "I mean… you told me that my magic needs them, but WHY does it need them?" Harry looked at the Headmaster. Dumbledore stroked his beard for a moment before he smiled at Harry, his eyes twinkling. "Picture it this way, Harry, your magical core is like a cup that your magic is constantly flowing into. Most wizard's magic will stop flowing into that cup unless what is in the cup is used, then it will fill back up once they get some rest or don't over work themselves too much. However, there are some people whose magic never stops flowing, instead it starts spilling over the cup until it is too much for that person to handle. That is where a lot of accidental magic comes from, as a child they need some sort of outlet for their magic because they aren't using it every day." "So, my cup is overflowing?" Harry asked, making sure he was understanding what Dumbledore was trying to tell him, even if it was still a little confusing. "Yes. Although accidental magic is uncommon once a person has started school, it is not unheard of. Usually what will happen is, as you train and use your magic, your magical core would expand to accommodate the excess magic. However, this obviously is