Disclaimer: We do not own Harry Potter Restoration of Magic CelticKitsune & BickyMonster We have been very excited to share this with you all since the idea first started forming. We hope that you love it as much as we do. This prologue does introduce quite a few OCs, but don't panic. There is a guide to how to say their names at the end of the chapter (though most of them should be fairly self-explanatory), and we will be diving head first into the Harry Potter world in the next chapter. We would also like to give a big thank you to Emily for all her work beta-ing this story for us, and Achilles for his help with the summary. Prologue June 1976 Almar kept a steady pace as he made his way through the city. He could see his destination in the distance, its high glimmering towers poking up through the trees that grew throughout the city; another five minutes and he would be at the Hall of the High Council. Though a full Council meeting wasn't unheard of, this was the first time in many years, the first time since his promotion to head of the second level of the Council, that all twelve of them would be in the same room. Almar had a fairly good idea of what this meeting was going to be about; being in charge of the second level Council allowed him access to information to which others were not privy. There had been undercurrents in the city, and the wider international community even, for some time now, and there was only so long that the Council could ignore them before at least discussing the matter. As Almar approached the steps to the Hall of the High Council he saw the head of the lower Council standing outside, apparently waiting for someone. "Elmon," Almar greeted. "I thought you would have already been inside, as the meeting is going to be starting soon," Almar said as he came to stand in front of his fellow Council member. "I am waiting for Alais; she is currently dealing with a small problem and is running later than expected," Elmon explained. "Arnaldo will not be pleased," Almar told him with a concerned frown. "Arnaldo is never pleased," Elmon pointed out bluntly. Almar half shrugged, having to concede that Arnaldo truly was a seriously and often miserable man the majority of the time. "Surely Alais understands the importance of this meeting," Almar said, trying not to reprimand Elmon for not keeping better track of his subordinate. However, from the look of annoyance that Elmon was now giving him, it had obviously come across that way. "You should get inside, wouldn't want you to be late for this important meeting," Elmon said turning his attention back out toward the street. Almar felt as if he should say more, after all Alais was his sister and he knew better than anyone how she could be; however, he said nothing else, giving Elmon a single nod of his head before going inside. If Alais was late, it was Elmon's problem, and he would have to be the one to deal with Arnaldo. The only help Almar could offer was a silent prayer to the Gods that his sister managed to get here on time. Almar made his way towards the largest of the Council Chambers, the one reserved for the use of the four Elders. He had been there before, but the impressive room still stunned him a little as he entered, light filtering through the glass-like walls, and showing off the high sheen of the rich, dark wood of the floor. He was unsurprised to see that, other than Elmon and Alais, everyone else was already there, many of them taking their seats at the U-shaped table, which had the appearance of having flexed itself up from the floorboards beneath their feet. They all had their assigned position, part of the long traditions that were upheld in this building; the elders led from the middle section, with the Secondaries off to their right, the Lowers to the left. The Head of the Council, Arnaldo, was already sat in his chair, and Almar's eyes were unwillingly drawn to its sheer size and domineering presence; the chair was formed from a tree, one that was still growing, coming up through the floor from the levels below and disappearing up towards the sky, its crown offering a small degree of shade from the mid-day sun. "Almar," one of his subordinates, Rania, called out, drawing his attention, and Almar headed across the room towards her. "Rania," he greeted once he was close enough that he wouldn't have to raise his voice to be heard. "Glad to see that the three of you could be here on time," he added, glancing past her to where Farai and Cellica were talking quietly to each other. "Hmmm," Rania hummed, glancing over at where Elmon and Alais were supposed to be seated. "I had noticed that your little sister was missing. I had assumed she would show with you, but I can only assume that Elmon has gone to find her." "He is waiting outside for her," Almar informed her, "And before you ask, I have no idea what she is busy doing this time." Almar resisted the urge to sigh. Their parents had been delighted by the idea of having both of their children on the Council, and Almar had been mightily impressed by how Alais was coping with the pressure of the job, but most of the Council was less endeared by her rather unorthodox way of handling things. "She may have finished her work early, and got distracted on the way over here," Rania suggested, patting Almar on the arm as the two of them headed over to take their seats.. "That is less helpful than you may think," Almar said, his brow furrowing, and Rania smiled at him. "I never said I was trying to be helpful, sir," she said with deliberate politeness, "Merely stating possible facts." Almar wished he could argue with her, but knew that Rania was correct. It was quite likely that Alais had got distracted, most likely having spotted someone in need; it was something that had happened on more than one occasion. Almar just hoped that that wasn't the case today. The door to the Council room opened and Almar looked around to see Elmon strolling in, but Alais was nowhere in sight. He raised an eyebrow in question at Elmon, who shook his head in reply to the unasked question. Resisting the urge to sigh out loud, Almar watched the door for a moment longer wondering how much longer his sister would be on the Council if she showed up late for this meeting. "It seems as if your sister has deemed it unimportant to join us today," the familiar voice of the High Council member Tinasia said from behind him. Almar kept a neutral look on his face as he turned to face her. Elegant and graceful were always the first two words that came to mind when he saw Tinasia. However, Almar also knew that no one made it onto the High Council easily, and while Tinasia was beautiful, she could also be a deadly foe if angered. "Tinasia, I believe you are once again confusing me with Elmon," Almar said politely. "While Alais is my sister, Elmon is her superior and any questions regarding Alais' work priorities should be taken up with him," Almar pointed out, clearly dismissing the conversation that Tinasia was trying to start. "You do not seem worried that her failure today will not only cast a shadow on you and your position in the Council, but it will also bring shame to your family name," Tinasia said, and Almar narrowed his eyes slightly. "Anything that my sister does or does not do is on her own head," Almar stated simply, ready to end this conversation and walk away, however, that choice was taken from him when the whole room suddenly went silent. They all glanced in the direction of Arnaldo; the High Council Leader hadn't moved at all from his chair, in fact the only thing that had changed was that the eldest Council member was now holding a small stone in his hand. The Surdus stone. It had been this tiny thing that had caused the room to go unnaturally silent. Even the sound of breathing or the footsteps on the floor could not be heard as all the other members of the Council made their way to their appointed seats. The Surdus stone looked like any ordinary stone that you would find in a lake or river, the surface of it having been rubbed smooth over time. However, just by holding the Surdus in your hand, it was easy to tell that this was no ordinary stone; it had not been water and sand that had rubbed the surface smooth, but time and magic. Every High Council Leader had held that stone, each one putting a little bit of their own magic into the stone each time they used it. In truth there were many objects like this throughout the city, and while someone who did not live there might find it amazing, or think there was some hidden purpose for such an object, the only use for the Surdus stone was simply to cancel out any and all sound, except that made by the person holding it. Arnaldo tapped the stone once on the arm of his chair and, although no one spoke, Almar knew that sound had been returned to the room for the simple fact that he could hear his own breathing again. Everyone had their attention on Arnaldo, waiting for him to declare the meeting had started. It was, however, at that moment that Alais decided to make her dramatic entrance. The sound of the of the doors swinging open drew all their attention, and they all turned towards her as she burst into the room, clearly out of breath. Almar was sure that she must have ran the whole way there from wherever she had been. "Sorry," she said looking around at everyone, who were all staring at her expectantly. "There was this old merchant… then a bird with a broken wing... and when I was nearly here, I realised that I wasn't wearing my Council Robes..." she began explaining with a smile, whilst still trying to catch her breath. "Alais," Elmon interrupted, stopping any further explanations from her. "You are here just in time for the start of the meeting. Take your seat," he ordered, his voice stern as he watched her smile and do as instructed, sitting in the vacant chair at the end of the Lower Level's side of the table; though she seemed blissfully unaware of the looks that many of the other Council members were currently giving her. "The meeting will now begin," Arnaldo stated and once again all attention was on him. It was quite clear that Elmon was right, and that the Leader was not remotely pleased by Alais' late arrival. Technically, however, she had arrived in time, and so there was no official reprimand that Arnaldo could give her; though Almar was sure that one of the four Elders would be having words with his little sister at some point soon. Arnaldo waited until he had everyone's full attention before he began to speak. "It has been many generations since we have associated ourselves with the World of Wizards." He paused for dramatic effect. "As Hydras, we were once able to take great pride in having helped create their world, in having gifted them with abilities like our own, but now the World of Wizards lays in near ruin because of their greedy desire for ever more power," Arnaldo said, his hand clenching around the Surdus indicating that this was a topic that angered him.