Huge thanks to BickyMonster for beta reading this for me! Unbreakable Bonds Chapter 1 The sunlight shone through a gap in the curtains the light shining on the face of a young man, who groaned in annoyance before rolling over, attempting to hide his face in the warm chest of the person sleeping next to him. Another warm body pressed up behind him, a strong arm wrapping protectively around the slim waist. Harry felt warm and content. He wanted to stay exactly where he was, but the sun was up, and Harry knew that he wouldn't be able to sleep much longer, mostly due to the fact that his blond lover would be waking up shortly. Draco was never one to just lay in bed and waste the day could at least sometimes be convinced to stay in bed and keep Harry warm for a few more hours while the smaller man slept. But today would not be one of those days, today was going to be too busy for them to lay in bed and just enjoy each others' company. Soft lips pressed against the back of Harry's neck making him shudder happily. "Morning," Draco greeted and Harry turned so he was facing the blond man. Smiling he leaned in giving Draco a soft kiss on the lips. "Remind me again why we have to get up so early. We don't have to be anywhere until this afternoon," Harry said, pouting slightly, and Draco chuckled. "We still have to go and pick up our robes from the shop, and we have to meet my mother for lunch today, and it's going to take hours to get you ready for tonight-" "Alright, alright," Harry cut Draco off, letting out a long sigh before pulling himself up from the bed. "I call dibs on the shower first then, before you get your pale arse in there." Harry grinned, rolling over Blaise, jolting the Italian awake in his mad dash to get out of bed before Draco could grab him. "Wha?" Blaise blinked in confusion when he heard Harry's laughter before the bathroom door was slammed shut. "Harry's in a playful mood this morning," Draco explained, leaning over to kiss Blaise good morning before also getting out of bed. "Not playful in the good way it would seem," Blaise said with a huff as he sat up, running a hand through his hair. "I wouldn't complain too much. We all managed to have quite a lot of fun last night, and stayed awake far too late I might add," Draco commented as he went to his wardrobe and pulled out a set of suitable robes for the day. He then started going through Harry's clothes to pick out his small lover's outfit for the day. It was something that Draco had started doing after they had all moved into the one bedroom together; Harry had complained loudly about it at first, but after so many years together, the smaller man just accepted it as one thing that Draco enjoyed doing, and left him alone. Blaise had a sappy grin on his face as he stood from the bed, heading towards the bathroom. "Let Harry shower," Draco said as he continued looking through Harry's clothes to find the perfect outfit. "We'll save more time if I just shower with him," Blaise said, though he couldn't keep the grin from his face when Draco looked over at him, raising an eyebrow. "Why don't you go downstairs and start the coffee, and see what we have for breakfast, I'll pick out your clothes for today as well," Draco said. Blaise rolled his eyes but changed his direction, leaving the room to go and sort the coffee and at least get the pans out so that Harry could start breakfast when he was out of the shower. Blaise allowed his mind to wander as he started the coffee maker that Harry had gotten him for Christmas two years ago. Blaise was amazed at how much things had changed; the three of them had been together for nearly seven years now, their bond having formed during their fifth year in Hogwarts. They were now five years out of school, Draco had started an apprenticeship at St. Mungos, while Harry had become an Auror. It was something Blaise wished his small lover hadn't done, but he had to admit that Harry was good at what he did, even if it was a dangerous job. It would be made even more dangerous if Harry lost control of his magic, though that was something that hadn't happened in a long time. There had been a few outbursts over the years, but nothing life threatening. "Blaise?" Harry's voice came from the doorway and Blaise looked over at him. Harry was wearing a pair of trousers, his shirt still open in the front as he came over to give Blaise his good morning kiss. "What were you thinking about?" Harry asked, looking up into violet eyes. "About how much I hate mornings and would rather drag you back up to bed and keep you there for the day," Blaise said with a grin. Harry laughed, leaning up and kissing the tan man's cheek before going over to the stove to start making breakfast. "I would much rather do that as well, but his highness has spoken, and Merlin forbid we wait too long to pick up our robes on time, or end up being less than an hour early to meet Narcissa," Harry joked, looking over his shoulder at Blaise. "Maybe if we behave, he'll let us leave the party early tonight." Harry gave Blaise a suggestive smile before turning his attention back to what he was doing. "I'm sure if the two of us work on it, we could convince him quite easily," Blaise said, pouring himself a cup of coffee. He went to make one for Harry but the smaller man stopped him. "No coffee for me today, I think I might just have some tea," Harry said when he saw Blaise reaching to grab a second cup. The tan man frowned at him, a look of concern crossing his face and Harry laughed. "It's not unheard of that I have a cup of tea in the morning, my stomach is just a bit queasy," Harry admitted, though instead of this reassuring Blaise, it made him look even more worried. "If you're not feeling well, I'm sure we can cancel today-" Blaise tried to say but he was cut off when Harry put a piece of bacon in his mouth. "I'm fine, Blaise, really, it's just that people are making such a huge deal about this ministry party. It's the same thing every year, I think they still feel guilty about the fact that they spent nearly a whole year denying that Voldemort had returned, claiming me to be crazy," Harry said. "I just wish they didn't insist that I be there for a party honoring my name because I killed someone by simply losing all control on my magic..." Harry trailed off. Although he had talked about it before, it was still hard for him, even all these years later. At the insistence of not only Blaise and Draco, but Sirius as well, Harry had spoken to a mind healer. Things had improved though, and though he still woke up from nightmares about his two day captivity, those nights were now few and far between. "All the more reason we should just skip it this year," Blaise said and Harry sighed, shaking his head. "I can put up with it for one more year I think, though I think next year we can start skipping the parties. They really are becoming redundant. I swear I am introduced to the same people every year, and I still don't remember half their names like they expect me to." Harry smiled. Blaise shook his head, setting Harry's cup of tea on the counter next to the smaller man, and was just starting to set the table as Draco walked into the kitchen. "What's this, you're actually done showering and getting ready for the day in less than an hour?" Blaise asked in mock surprise, earning a glare from Draco, who punched Blaise's arm before sitting down in his seat. "It has been known to happen from time to time, I wanted to make sure that you had time to get a shower this morning as well," Draco said, accepting his own cup of coffee from Blaise, who leaned down to kiss him. "I know, love, I just enjoy teasing you." Blaise said, sitting down as Harry dished up their plates with bacon and eggs, putting some toast and hash browns on the plates as well before sitting down to join them. Draco ate as he always did, making sure everything was cut into small bite size pieces before eating slowly. Blaise made a sandwich out of the eggs, bacon and toast, eating the hash browns last. Harry, however, felt more hungry than usual this morning, and even though the breakfast tasted good, he felt as if it were missing something. After the third bite, Harry sighed and stood up, going to look through the cupboards. He found the syrup and sat back down, pouring a little bit onto his plate and starting to dip his eggs in it. Clearly deciding that this was what had been missing, Harry poured the syrup on everything he currently had on his plate before eating quickly. This earned curious looks from both Blaise and Draco. Neither of them said anything at first, until they saw Harry getting up to grab seconds, it was very rare that they would see their small lover eat more than one helping. Even if Harry's appetite had increased over the years, there were still times when Harry could hardly finish what was already on his plate. "Harry?" Draco spoke first, gaining Harry's attention as the other man was pouring more syrup onto his plate. "Hmm?" Harry looked curiously at Draco, who gave him a questioning look, glancing at the second plate that Harry had made for himself. "What? I'm hungry. In case you forgot, I didn't get a chance to eat dinner last night," Harry reminded the blond man before making quick work of his second helping of eggs. "You didn't eat dinner last night because you were feeling sick," Draco said and Harry just shrugged a shoulder. "Well, I'm not feeling sick this morning," Harry said with a small grin as he shoved more syrup covered eggs into his mouth. "And I'm really hungry," Harry said once he had swallowed what was in his mouth. Draco looked a little disgusted by that but said nothing as he stood up and cleaned up his own plate. Harry smiled as he watched him; it always made him happy when Draco did small things like that, sure it was just removing a plate from the table, and possibly rinsing it off, before setting it aside to be washed properly later, but that didn't mean it still wasn't a huge thing for Draco. Having grown up in a magical house where things were done by house elves, it was testament to how much Draco had changed since they had first been bonded nearly seven years ago. "Are you finished?" Blaise asked and Harry glanced back around to look at his Italian lover, before looking down at his half eaten second helping. Taking a few more bites of the eggs, Harry nodded. "Now I'm finished," he said after swallowing the food. He watched as Blaise stood and gathered the dishes from the table, giving Draco a kiss on the cheek as he put the dishes in the sink. "I'm going to go take my shower. We can go and pick up our robes for tonight as soon as I'm dressed," Blaise promised. Draco nodded, turning his head slightly to give Blaise a quick kiss on