Disclaimer: all recognisable characters, places etc belong to Tolkien and his estate. The others belong to me. A/N: This fanfic's already finished (amazing, I know; I was snowed in for most of last weekend when I was writing this) so I'll be posting it weekly, either late on Sunday evening or early-ish Monday morning (according to my time, GMT!) to kick Monday blues for a short while at least :¬ ) Enjoy! The meeting was drawing to a close, finally. Lords and ladies drooped in their seats and Legolas sat with elbow on table and chin in hand, looking at the speaker, currently chief advisor Eruwest, and willing her to hurry up and finish. Even her son was making eyes at her to get on with it. She glared at him in return; she was already summarising as much as she could. Thranduil had the opposite pose to his son; he sat well back in his chair and his eyes, instead of half asleep, were alert. Though he too was only half listening to what Eruwest was saying. His gaze was darting around the circle, flicking from one Elf to another almost anxiously. His fingers were laced together in his lap, and the nail of his top thumb was digging into the skin of the thumb below it. It was either that or have them strumming the arms of his chair, or something else that would be noticed. But he noticed when his son's chin slipped off his palm next to him, and kicked Legolas under the table. Legolas jolted and earned disapproving glances from the equally bored court. He returned his attention to Eruwest just as she finished talking: "…and thus we have no need to worry until well into the summer months." "Hannon le, Eruwest," Thranduil said, smiling. Eruwest bobbed to him and smiled quickly at her companions. Thranduil looked round the circle of now hopeful faces. If that was the last item they may have the luxury of moving very soon. "One more thing before we leave," he could see the annoyance in his lords and ladies but he ignored it, "as we all know the Dwarves will be passing through these next few days. Is everything arranged for them?" "Yes, sire," Mithras said from a few places to Thranduil's left, "wardens are stationed up to the path to guide them onto it. I don't think any should go astray but we are ready for any who do, and also there are some provisions for the dwarves should they run out. I see no reason why there should be any detrimental hold ups." "Good," Thranduil replied, "I want them out of our realm as quickly as possible. Is there any reason for them to come into the halls?" "None, Aranhîr." "Even better." He clapped and rose, "I think that is all. Lords. Ladies." oOo "Must you show me up so much, Rîneglan?" Eruwest asked of her son as they, Thranduil, Legolas and Mithras made their way away from the conference hall. "Personally I thought I was being very subtle about it," Rîneglan replied, grinning, "and it made you speed up, didn't it?" "That's not the point," his mother huffed, "you would never have seen such behaviour in Thingol's court." "How many times did you attend?" Thranduil asked, though his expression remained blank and his gaze fixed on the far distance. "Not many," Eruwest admitted, grudgingly, "but-" "I think other things are more important than impeccable behaviour during meetings," Thranduil continued, "Things like letting the Dwarves through without having to mix with them anymore than is necessary." "You could order them to go around the forest if you wished, sire," Rîneglan suggested. "I could but that would create unnecessary animosity. They're just going to toy fairs." He paused, then half turned to them both, "You are sure that the Dwarves aren't planning anything, aren't you?" "Of course," Eruwest spluttered, "Why would they be?" "They're Dwarves; why wouldn't they be?" "He has a point," Rîneglan said. His remark earned him an intense look from his king and a rebuking one from his mother. "They shan't do anything, Thranduil," Eruwest reassured him, "They have no reason to and besides they'll be too far away from us." She watched him for a moment before asking, "Are you alright?" "So being cautious is unnatural now, is it?" "No… no; of course not." Half a step behind them, a good natured argument had begun between Legolas and Mithras. "There really is no need for you to carry my papers, young master," Mithras insisted, though Legolas was equally persistent, "It would be no trouble, I assure you." Eruwest and Rîneglan turned round. Mithras had a huge sheaf of parchment under one arm, and Rîneglan agreed that it seemed like a lot to be carried by one hand. "I am fine!" Mithras insisted, elbowing the prince out of his way. "I am perfectly able to carry things." "But-" "But nothing! My right hand still works, does it not?" At this point the other three Elves let their gazes drop to Mithras' paralysed and now rather withered left hand. Mithras took this opportunity to push past them and fall into step with the king. "They're at it again," he told his old friend. "I know," Thranduil replied, "I have ears. And if they really aren't going to relent may I suggest letting Legolas carry them for you." "Sire?" "You heard," Thranduil snapped. But looking ahead again he suddenly lost interest. Someone in the crowd of the main halls had caught his eye. "I'll catch you up later," he said before pushing through the throng. Mithras blinked and then succumbed to Legolas' pleading. "Come," the prince said once he'd balanced the documents, "let's see if Galion will give us a post meeting drink." oOo Thranduil met up with the figure he'd seen at the doors and they made the journey down the steps, over the bridge and into the forest in silence. Thranduil didn't mind though. His wandering companion looked the same as ever he did, in his dark, tattered tunic and hoes and travel stained cloak and boots. Once they were some way away from the other Elves, however, the figure took down his hood, turned round and embraced Thranduil, "How long has it been? Decades?" "It may even be centuries," Thranduil replied. "Really?" The figure pulled back and regarded his friend, his grey eyes critical, "Lore how I lose track of time." "No matter," Thranduil said, waving it away with his hand and also giving his friend the once over. The Noldo had cut his hair much shorter since their last meeting; it now hung lank round his face down to his shoulders. His face was equally filthy; the Elf hadn't washed in a very long time. He looked quite the ranger he'd been posing as. "How are things?" "Can't complain." A smile, "I mean things aren't perfect but how can they be when one has nowhere to go?" "My halls are always open to you," Thranduil said hurriedly. He'd love for Nenros to live here in Mirkwood. But Nenros shook his head, "It's fine, travelling and keeping a low profile are part of my job after all. And I can't stay long, but I've found something out, something monumental." Thranduil nodded. It always amazed him what lengths Nenros had gone to to fake his own death, and how well he'd kept everyone fooled. Nenros had once told him that Thranduil was the only person who knew it was a hoax. "Is that why you're here?" Nenros bit a chapped lip and dragged dirty fingers through his hair, "Mae; I have some bad news for you." He sat down on the buttress roots of a beech tree and motioned for Thranduil to sit close by him. "As you know I've been following the few remaining Noldor who followed Fëanor across from Aman." Thranduil nodded. "Well," Nenros continued, "our suspicions have proved correct; they're after the Silmaril Eärendil took over the Sea. I don't know how they plan to get it so please don't ask me but this is their plan." "What's that got to do with my people?" "They think you've found a way to get it." "But it's a star!" Nenros shrugged, "That's what they think; I never said it made sense. But they're on their way here. Their advanced guard has already entered your realm. I doubt they'll strike soon though, they're more likely to send a mole into your halls first." Thranduil's eyes widened, "The Dwarves! They're using the Dwarves." "It's possible," Nenros said, matter-of-factly, "though I never heard them say that specifically." "No, it all makes sense. The Dwarves and the Noldor have always been close!" Fear entered his face, "I must stop them!" "That would be stupid," Nenros disagreed, "if they aren't working for the Noldor it would anger them, and if they are it would let the Noldor know we're onto them. Either way you'd do better to hold out until I can gather more information." "How long will that take?" Nenros shrugged, "I can't say; I'm sorry." "Well what am I supposed to do?" Thranduil demanded. "Make sure they can't find anything out. Keep them away from your halls and away from your people as well if you can." Thranduil nodded and Nenros rose to go, but before he could Thranduil said, "People think I'm lying about you." Nenros turned round. "Have you been telling people about me?" He asked, his voice slow and full of menace. "Only two," Thranduil replied, nervously, "Galion and Míriel." "Well, let it be a lesson to you," Nenros said, warningly, "and be thankful that they disbelieved you. If anyone finds out about me I really will be dead this time." Thranduil still looked unsure, so Nenros sighed and said, "Look; they think me dead. I put a lot of effort into making people think that, and making sure no one finds out otherwise. So of course they're going to think you are mistaken when you say to them that you've seen me." His frown left and he smiled, "And who knows what you see best? You or them? Do you disbelieve your eyes, your ears, your sense of touch?" Thranduil shook his head: "No. But why have you been gone so long? Why didn't you contact me?" "There was nothing to tell you, and I can't come here when I have no reason to. Every time I come here I run a very high risk of being found out, and if the Noldor find out that I'm tailing them they will try to kill me, and they will succeed. Do you see?" Thranduil nodded. "I should be back soon this time, though," Nenros continued, "with more information. In the meantime, tell no one anything. If you do thousands of lives could be at stake, and ours most certainly." oOo "So I said to him: 'Maedhros could have beaten you one handed' but he didn't get it." Eruwest, Legolas and Galion all laughed at Rîneglan's friend's ignorance and Mithras rolled his eyes, refusing to laugh at jokes of that nature. Cútur, the chief of the guard who had been keeping Galion company when the others arrived, looked blank; "But surely that's obvious. He only had one hand." "Yes," Galion relied, hitting the table with his hand, "that's what makes the joke funny." "But," Cútur said, still looking confused, "that's not a joke; it's just a statement of fact." "You know the expression: 'they could beat you one handed'?" Legolas pressed. "Of course." "Well there are two meanings which could be applied; the metaphorical one and the actual one." "Oh leave it, Legolas. Jokes are never amusing if you have to explain them," Eruwest said. "But I don't understand!" Cútur complained. But that particular conversation was stopped by the sound of boots on the steps down to the wine cellar, and presently by the appearance of Thranduil. Galion poured him a drink but Thranduil