A/N : Kind of AU, but not really, I guess. I don't know. =D Takes place during Catching Fire and follows canon, with slight modifications to fit the storyline. The main slight modification being Peeta, Katniss, and a toasting. Hope you enjoy. :) I would love to hear what you think about it. There's no hiding, even under the warm, soft blankets of a bed that's never felt this cold. She tries not to think of Gale, and how he'll react when he sees her getting engaged in front of all of Panem; she tries not to think of the implications of it, the wedding, and what will happen once Peeta and she are husband and wife. Katniss tries not to think of anything, so of course her mind is in a whirl, dark thoughts plaguing her. She tries to get some rest, but every time she closes her eyes, she sees herself in a wedding dress, and then Katniss can't help it as one visual turns into another; a baby bump, camera crews coming every year to see the precious lovechild of the star-crossed lovers. And then, one day, cameras zooming in as the kid gets reaped, Claudius Templesmith sniffling before announcing that the odds definitely were never in their favor. And then she thinks of Peeta. Sweet, kind, gentle Peeta who never asked for any of this, either. Who may love her, but who doesn't want this to happen – not like that . With him on her mind, Katniss balances her legs off the bed and makes her way out of her room. She doesn't bother knocking; Katniss just comes in, and finds Peeta standing in front of the mirror, talking to himself. Rehearsing . He turns to her and for a second, their gazes lock – she sees her pain mirroring in those beautiful blue eyes. He looks tired; tired of pretending, tired of being played with. "Is it time already?" he asks, his voice barely above a whisper. Katniss closes the door behind her, leaning against it as she averts her gaze. "No. We still have a couple hours before they doll us up." She pauses, worrying her lip between her teeth, already regretting her next words before she speaks them. "How's the proposal going?" she asks. Peeta scoffs. "Just trying to find the perfect words," he replies. There's no anger in his tone; just a heavy amount of sadness that Katniss can't help but feel guilty about. She wants to say something – the right thing – but once again the words that come out of her mouth are completely wrong. "It shouldn't be that hard. You've always been good at this." He sighs, so heavily that Katniss feels the shiver running down her own body as he exhales. Peeta goes to sit at the end of his bed, and puts his head in his hands. "I don't want to let them take that from me, you know?" he says in a low voice. She's not really sure she does. Katniss sits down beside him, not knowing what to do or say; he goes on after a moment. "I hate being a pawn, but how I feel , who I am … They can't take that. I won't let them play with me. With you." She thinks of what Haymitch said, about how she could do a lot worse than Peeta, and then she remembers that moment in District Eleven when she fully realized it. Right now is just another one of these moments. "It's not about you, you know," she murmurs softly. It's really not. It's their world that's at fault, not him. "It's just – it's complicated." Peeta lowers his hands and sits straight, revealing a small, sad smile on his lips. "That it is," he echoes. Katniss covers his hand with hers, twining their fingers together. She thinks of these hands, how warm and gentle they can be against her face as he cups her cheek or brushes some hair from her forehead; how they can make her feel safe as he runs them down her arms, trying to comfort her after a nightmare. Things might be complicated between them, but that's one thing Katniss cherishes – the constancy he offers her, never wavering, always being there for her. And suddenly, holding Peeta's hand for the rest of her life, even if it's for Snow's sadistic amusement, doesn't seem as bad as it did an hour ago. "I'm sorry," she simply offers after a moment. "There's nothing for you to be sorry about," Peeta replies, words from another time echoing in Katniss' head. Peeta's wrong, though; there's so much she should be sorry about, but being sorry won't really help them at this point. "If anything, I started this," he adds, shaking his head. "We'd both be dead if you hadn't," Katniss says gently, squeezing his hand and feeling a rush of affection for this boy who, in the span of a few hours, will be her fiancé. Tribute. Friend. Baker. Savior. Lover. Fiancé. Peeta . At the end of the day, she's glad that it's him she has to do this with. She wraps her arms around him at the same time he reaches for her, and they stay like that for a long time, just breathing in each other. There's no word spoken as they fall on the bed, still holding onto each other, eyes locked and breaths mingling as they lie on their side. There's a hundred apologies in her gaze and on her lips, but Katniss just stares back at him silently, her fingers clenching around the front of his shirt, the feel of his heartbeat almost lulling her into sleep. Peeta presses his lips to her forehead, dropping a gentle kiss on her skin, and Katniss accepts it for what it is; a gesture of affection, comfort, and love. Something that he gives her unconditionally, no matter how badly she's hurt him. That's when she understands what he meant earlier, when he said he didn't want them to take that from him. His love for her is his ; he doesn't want to display it in front of the cameras any more than she wants to pretend to be the enamored, ecstatic girl when he finally proposes – but they have to do it, for the sake of their loved ones. Katniss thought that it was harder for her – pretending to be in love when she can't even figure out how she feels about him – but now she finally sees that it's just as hard for Peeta; to love her and know that she doesn't, that she never will, not now that they're being forced onto each other for as long as they may live. She doesn't know how to tell him, that she cares about him, that she's scared of losing him just like she couldn't bear losing Gale or Prim. She's no good with words; Peeta's always been the one pouring his heart out. Neither of them wants him to do so now, though; it's her turn to say something, to take the first step towards him. "I wish they'd let us have a toasting first," she murmurs. "I don't want a big, fancy Capitol wedding. If we have to get married, I want it to be small and feel like home." He freezes, the fingers that had been sifting through her dark waves coming to a halt. Katniss hears the tremor in his breathing, and she regrets saying anything. But Peeta recovers quickly, and draws her even closer, bending his head until his mouth is right by her ear. "We could do it," he whispers. "If that's really what you want." Is it what she wants? She thinks of Gale and searches her heart, and sure enough there is guilt and ache, but this is not about Gale; it's about her and Peeta, and their life together. And maybe she doesn't love him like he does her, but deep down, there's no denying the growing affection and care and love she has for him – no matter if the ceremony is all for the Capitol, Katniss wants their marriage to be theirs . "That's what I want," she assures him, her tone firm but gentle. She entangles one hand from his shirt and reaches for the one resting on her hip, large and strong and warm, and she laces their fingers together. They can go through this, she muses. They're not even married yet and she's already the worst wife ever. She wants to tell him that she's sorry, that she doesn't know what's going on with her, why she always seems to screw it up when things finally seem like they've fallen into place – but he doesn't let her say anything. Peeta just hushes her to bed, taking her place at Gale's side. Katniss doesn't even know why she kissed him. It seemed like the only thing she could do to redeem herself; for not telling him she loved him, for not knowing herself if she did, for not protecting him. Never did she intend for Peeta to get hurt, too, even if the damage is hidden inside, unlike Gale's torn flesh at his back. She goes to bed and nightmares plague her for hours. She doesn't even really try to fight them; she deserves them. He takes her hand as they walk to the Hob, and though it comforts her, Katniss can't help but feel guilty all over again. She sees the sadness on his features when he found her asleep by Gale's side in her head all the time, and she wants to apologize, but what for? Breaking his heart? Not knowing what to do with these two boys who mean the world to her? Sorry seems to be the poorest word for all the hurt she's causing him. They stop by the bakery before going back to the Victors' Village. Peeta and his father exchange small talk, and she realizes that she hasn't let go of his hand. She doesn't want to. Prim asks if she'll try on the wedding dresses, and Katniss can't help but look over to Peeta. She's certain that he knows why she took off today, what made her lose it, and for the first time since the night of the proposal, Katniss thinks of that conversation they had in his bedroom. She's had no time to think about it, with the uprising in District Eight and Gale's whipping, and all of a sudden she wonders if Peeta's been waiting for her to bring it. How is she supposed to do that? Simply walk over to him, wrap her arms around his neck and say, what about this toasting ? She's no good at this. Maybe she should have kept her mouth shut instead of suggesting it, because surely Peeta's been thinking that it was all just words and that she didn't mean any of it, now. Just like she didn't mean any of the things she said in the Games. No matter what she does, she just keeps hurting him. She's so, so tired of that. He scoops her up to carry her upstairs, and she's almost on the verge of tears when she has to let go. He tucks her in bed and says goodnight and she can't , won't let him go – she's scared and she's confused but right now, she's sure of one thing: she doesn't want him to ever go. It's selfish, but she's so exhausted and in pain that she just wants him to stay with her. So she asks him. She falls asleep, surrounded by the smell of cinnamon and dill and Peeta . Her last thought is that she'd love to have some bread with raisins and nuts for their toasting. Buttercup purrs happily on Prim's lap, looking utterly ridiculous with a bright yellow ribbon tied around his neck. Katniss makes faces at