A/N : Post-Mockingjay. Title inspired by A Fine Frenzy's Lifesize . "He asked me to marry him," she tells him one day, just like that as they sit around his table, the scent of the fresh bread she brought with her mingling with liquor. He takes another gulp from the bottle before putting it down. "Rumor has it that you two are already married. I think he started it years ago on good old Caesar's show." She snorts, rolls her eyes. Destroys the slice of bread she had in hands. "I don't belong to anyone." "Then say no," he shrugs. Kids , he thinks. There's a reason why they annoy him so much. "But I do love him," she replies, almost angrily, almost defending herself. From whom he has no idea. He's watched their hesitant, tentative first steps back to each other; he's stood there as they grew back to each other. "Then say yes, sweetheart," he chuckles, pretending to gag. There's something funny about the girl on fire being, well, a girl , with feelings and emotions. The boy's always been the sentimental one, so to hear her say she loves him, that's something. He knows it, of course; but still. "I already said yes," she tells him, annoyance in her tone. Almost as if he has to be thick not to have understood that. He laughs. She gives him that glare she gives Peeta whenever he's being too cheesy or romantic, even though deep down they all know she's grown to lo- not hate it so much. "Well sweetheart, don't sound so excited, I'm gonna cry." He takes her in, dark braid and hunting jacket and boots and scowl, and yet the soft glow of dawn coming from the window makes her look almost lovely . Happy . "Why now?" he starts, "Is there a little loaf of bread in your oven?" Her knife is in her hand before he finishes, and between the fingers of the hand he had laid on the table the next second. "Nah," he just shrugs, perfectly calm. He's used to her crazy fits of craziness by now. "He's gonna do it right. Treat you like a princess, make you happy. Make you laugh again. Poor you." She sighs, retrieves her knife and slides it in her belt. She stays quiet for a moment, and then she's standing next to him and pressing a quick, weird kiss to his cheek, murmuring words of gratitude. For keeping them alive. For keeping her sane until Peeta came back to Twelve. For being there when her mother isn't. And then she's gone. He walks to the door, watches her as she crosses the short distance between his and their house. He's done his job well, he muses. Maybe he's been there when her mother couldn't, but it's the boy who made it bearable for her to live in a world where her little sister is gone. Peeta is waiting for her at the door, obviously wanting to hear about how he reacted to the news and before coming himself to thank him. Same old same old. Thank you for helping us. Thank you for taking care of her. He sees her kissing him before taking to the woods, like she does every morning. She'll be back before noon, with enough game to feed the entire district, and they'll eat together, all three of them, talking about nothing and everything like they always do. He'll probably tease her at some point about telling Effie, and the dozens of dresses she'll have sent before the end of the day and how excited she is for another big big big day. It's just to rile her up; there will be no big wedding and he knows it. They can't hide anything from him. Last night, as he fed the geese, he saw them through the window, kneeling by the fireplace, bread toasting above the embers, sparks in the hearth and both their eyes. But pushing her buttons is what he lives for. And watching over them as life goes on. They deserved it. They're the same, Katniss and he. They're grumpy and stubborn and unforgiving. They see the world as a never-ending cycle of doom and death. The boy is really the best of them; he's been mourning and grieving too, but he also sees hope in every sunrise. Maybe he should stop calling him boy, because they're both adults now; but for Haymitch, they'll never stop being seventeen. They'll never stop being the two kids that despite his best effort he could never be indifferent to. The two kids he grew to love and care for. The two kids he failed to protect but who fought and fought, never giving up. He'll always be the boy, and she'll always be the girl to him. Even now . The boy is a saint, really. They got married, what , eleven, twelve years ago? Young love. Two kids in love who'd already taken so many leaps of faith together that no one would have dared tell them that they were too young. They weren't, anyway. Not when at only seventeen, they'd set the world on fire and led a rebellion. They were seventeen and a hundred years old at the same time. And then they were twenty and married. Haymitch remembers the cake. Definitely not a tradition from Twelve, but it was good so who cares? And what does Twelve mean anyway? Not much anymore. The boy had made a cake and invited him for a little celebration that night, and every year they'd just do that, invite a few close friends and have some cake. Quickly the Mellarks little habit got popular and people started doing it too, falling in love and getting married and devouring cake, now that cake was no longer such a luxury. Eleven or twelve cakes later, there's still something missing. Something that she keeps saying no to. Something with little chubby arms and legs. Peeta knows her – gets her – so he doesn't push that much. That's something he wants, something he longs for, but as always he's the noble one and he puts what she needs before what he needs. There's a pang at Haymitch's heart when he thinks about what he told the girl all these years ago; that she could live a hundred lifetimes and still not deserve him. He meant it; Peeta has that goodness and kindness that no hijacking could have ever altered. But seeing him hurt and yet swallowing it, for her, because he loves her, because loving her and having her should be enough… that hurts Haymitch more than he ever thought it would. More than he ever thought he'd care. He's the one who understands her the most, though. Because they're the same. He lost his little brother; his mother and his girl, too, but his little brother was young and innocent and weak and after he was gone, he couldn't look at another kid without being sick. They were cute and adorable when they were little, waddling like ducks on little toddler legs, smiling toothless smiles, but then before you could see it they were of Reaping age and then he just couldn't stand the sight of them anymore. They were all dead in his nightmares. Every time he saw a kid, they were dead the same night in his head, pooling in a sea of red, choking on their own blood. She doesn't like talking about her, but the girl's the same. She closes her eyes and she sees her . Dream or nightmare. Sometimes she's just looking at Peeta and tears pool in her eyes because he has those damn gorgeous merchant blue eyes, just like her. Just like Prim. And then every little girl is Prim, or Rue, the little girl from Eleven. Those she failed to protect and save. And then one night they see him on TV, Handsome Hawthorne, and his lovely wife and newborn son. He leads the Army now, and Katniss hates him for it. She knows it's not his fault, but they all know that she'll never be able to forgive him; that she'll never be able to look at him and forget that maybe his bomb burned her little sister to the ground. And Haymitch can almost see it, how she swears in that moment that she'll never be like Gale – that she won't forget them , all the Prims and Rues. Her father. Peeta's father, always kind to her and her sister. Madge. Finnick. She won't forget them. It's not about forgetting them, though. It's about moving on. Marrying Peeta, that she could do. Loving him, letting him love her. Be happy. But bringing a child to the world was just impossible. She couldn't bear it, because what if the world took it from her? She's already lost Peeta once, she's lost so many, she won't go through that. End of discussion. After the news had spread that the girl on fire had married the boy with the bread, the entire district – hell , all of Panem – had waited excitedly for the news of a baby. Surely two people who were that in love would want a family. But the baby never came. They're young, they have all the time in the world, people had said; and they'd lost a baby, too – no one had ever come clean about the lies of the Quarter Quell, so people just thought that the death of their unborn child was a good reason to want to wait. People understood. Let them be happy and in love. Respected their privacy. But then they were thirty and there was still no baby. They still lived the same way they did when they were seventeen. Katniss, out in the woods, hunting; Peeta, at the bakery. She hunts, he bakes. Haymitch drinks. Same old same old indeed. He knows she's pregnant weeks before the boy tells him. He knows those damn kids too well for them to hide anything. He doesn't even bother acting surprised; it's not like Peeta cares. He's radiant. So of course Haymitch tells him he looks like an idiot, smiling all the time. She's gorgeous . She may be a pain in the ass half the time, but even he can't deny it; she grew up well. She's no longer the starving Seam girl, nor the bloody and bruised tribute. She's not the Mockingjay anymore, deadly and powerful. She's just a woman, a beautiful woman, and four months pregnant. There are curves where once there were only skin and bones. And there's this small swelling at her belly, yet big enough for everyone to see even though she tries to hide it. She's fooling no one, though. Peeta's constant stupid smile is a dead giveaway, sure, but there's just this glow about her that no one misses. She's scared, utterly terrified at the idea of becoming a mother, of bringing this child to the world, of failing to protect it, but she's happy at the same time and no scowl is enough to conceal it. It took Peeta five, ten, fifteen years to convince her. To reassure her, and show her that their child would be safe, that the Games no longer existed. But she was scared. Scared of letting the guard down, of letting herself be happy only for her happiness to be taken away. But Peeta never wavered. And with his words, he showed her that in the grand scheme of things, they'd already gone through hell and made it; they always would. And now it was up to her to decide if happiness was worth it; worth the pain and fear. Everybody could see what choice she'd made now. People would congratulate Peeta at the bakery, ask him how Katniss was doing. Women would ask if they'd started decorating the nursery, which color they'd chosen for the walls, if they