Chapter 1 Estel slowly sunk down into the tree's trunk and shivered. Snow tumbled in from the east and a wisp of roaring wind blew in the air, as if a lion stood on top of the very mountains and it's voice had echoed down. He tugged at his robes and wrapped them around him more tightly, his teeth chattering and goosebumps forming down his arms. He could see his very breath! Foggy but there and small icicles settled down in his hair. Estel had no idea what to do. He called himself an idiot but it was already too late to pull back what he had done. And now, he was stuck in this wretched mountain...and if he didn't do something or even eat something, he knew he'd be dead. The only difference would be how he died. He shivered again, another gust blowing his wavy, shoulder-length hair into his face. He knew he wasn't far from the bottom of the mountain. In fact, he knew it would be much easier to go down than to scale up like he had done a few days ago. However, he looked down fearfully, as he saw a small rock fall down the mountain and disappear below, into what seemed an endless abyss. The mountain was too inclined to slide down from and the ice...it would be too slippery for him, and would prove fatal. Hearing his stomach growl, he was able to summon some of his energy to grab a fistful of snow and shove it down his mouth, numbing his mouth and teeth by overwhelming cold. However, it quenched his thirst and hunger for a few minutes at least and taking a desperate attempt to stand up, he plucked down a nearby branch as support and slowly started walking down, using the branch as a walking cane. Only about four miles, you can do it Estel, he thought to himself. He cursed as he nearly slipped down the mountain to his chilling death but instead he fell down, his already injured body bruising itself again as it crashed against a layer of rock-hard ice. He grumbled as his dry hands eased him up and he started walking down, slowly but earning up stamina. Now, Estel was incredibly thankful that he had been a reckless little boy when he was young. He had always been everywhere , climbing up trees, scaling the towers, lockpicking into rooms, stealing pastries, falling down the chimneys and the skill he mostly currently appreciated: running around. Of course, he had actually been quite a little shy boy at the beginning, obedient and reserved...but yeah, a year living with the twins of Imladris did have some sort of influence on you, he supposed. Estel sighed. Imladris . How much he regretted leaving his home. He wondered where he'd be right now...for god's sake! Through this goddamn snow, he couldn't even see a thing, he didn't even know what time it was! He slightly smirked on the thought of how much his foster father, Lord Elrond of Imladris, would sermon here if he heard Estel's use of vocabulary. Estel paid thta no mind though, as some tears started founding in the rim of his gray-blue eyes. He'd probably never see his foster father again. He'd die in this stupid mountain, frozen and alone. He cursed himself again, quickly wiping the tears off. He was now a child anymore, he remembered his true purpose on this journey. He was perfectly capable of taking care of himself and he'd prove his foster father and brothers wrong. He'd show his mother he knew what to do, that he wasn't a helpeless baby. He grunted as he went on. He knew how to survive, most ten year olds would've died a long time ago but he had persevered. After all, Dan and Ro had taken him to hunt plenty of times before and Estel had always loved hearing the occasional tale or tip of a ranger who stayed in the Homely House as Dan and Ro's friend. However, he eventually gave up from not thinking about Imladris. He just missed his home so much...this was the first time he'd been away for so long! He thought of the warm crackling fire of the library, where he'd used to sit in his foster father's lap, reading from some book and eating from a tray of tea and hot biscuits. He remembered the secret waterfall, where he and the twins had often sneaked into to dive in. He remembered the dining room, delightful aromas coming out and the twins' chatter filling the room. He remembered the garden, where his mother would often go with him and point certain flowers and herbs. He remembered the planetarium, where he and Erestor would stay up late at night and point our stars and gape at beautiful constellations. He remembered the training grounds, where his blood could run fast and his sword could go free, the restless spirit in him unleashed. He remembered the stables, warm with the smell of hay and sunlight, he could even smell the homey, ground-like smell of the horses, their manes soft to lay your head against. He even remembered his bed, warm and feathery, getting tucked in by his mother and he yearned to hear her soothing, dominant words. He groaned. When he went back, she would so decapitate him! Estel sighed as he went further down. Light started decreasing and he gulped. If it was night time, he would need shelter. It was already cold in broad day light! How cold would it be at night? Besides, he was not as lucky as he was a few days ago, when he'd found a small cave where he had slept for the first time in days, in solace and slight warmth. However, the remaining nights had been spent curled up against some solitary, crumbled up tree bark and yesterday, he had faced off a wolf in order to have a place to sleep. And despite the fact he was young, Estel's sword did it's thing and he had even wounded the wolf with two deep cuts! He had never felt as proud of himself as a warrior. However, the wolf had escaped and in return, Estel had been injured, a jagged cut racing from his shoulder blade to his elbow and scraped, bloody knees. After a while or perhaps an hour, Estel's dry lips cracked a small smile. He could see the faint outlines of what seemed trees or even better...a forest! Sure, in the forest, there were much more foes to face...and he didn't even know where he was! However, he would have more possibilities of living and who knows? Perhaps he'd finally get a decent meal or two! And a warm tree to cuddle in! A fond smile settled on his determined lips and his pace quickened, as did his cautiousness and his morale. Perhaps two miles more, he encouraged. At this point, the snow started decreasing but the amount of rocks increased. They came as sharp and jagged, sticking out like deadly-looking needles. Now, Estel couldn't even walk down, for he had already cut himself eight times! No, now he had to climb down. He slowly eased his pack behind his pack and grabbing hold of some sturdy looking rocks, he closed his eyes and started down. Occasionally, his foot would hit the wrong rock and he'd fall down and although did this slightly speed him up, he figured out that he now had three more ribs broken. Eventually, limping and groaning, the young boy was able to crawl down the rocks and that was when his hands first touched the most wonderful thing in the world for him at that moment: grass. The grass was soft and bright green. It turned out that right below the mountain, was a wide field of hip-long (in this case, chest-long for Estel) grass and wildflowers. Estel threw himself into a bed of bright daffodils and lay there for a while. The wind was softer here now, not violent like it's sister up in the mountains but soothing, as if the sky was singing a lullaby for him. He lay there, his face finally touching something soft and he let out a small laugh. Nature! Color! So many days isolated in that wretched mountain, cold and dull, almost lifeless had made him nearly insane. After all, he had been raised by nature-obsessed elves, some of that had rubbed on to him. He knew he should be seeking shelter somewhere. He should be hunting some food for his starving stomach. He should be making plans for the next morning. But right now...he just couldn't. It was as if he was simply stuck in the grass and could've move out from the comfortable position. For a moment, he didn't care. He just wanted to close his eyes and not worry. He twisted and changed position, his face facing skywards. He could see the sky now...the stars. They looked beautiful, twinkling and winking at him like little lanterns hung in a dark painting. He sighed and for the first time in days, Estel slept. O-O-O Estel had awoken early in the morning. Tired but recharged with newfound energy, he had walked through the entire field and reached the small forest. He had climbed up a sturdy looking oak tree and had put his pack there, marking the tree with a stuck with a large big X. Then, with his sword at hand, he had set off to find some food to eat. He was a great tracker all right, his brothers had even praised him to have an 'abnormally good ability for tracking' and in no time, he'd tracked down at least ten creatures. However, Estel didn't manage to get anything for a long time. Although he sucked at archery, he wished he'd had enough sense to pack a bow. With his sword, Estel couldn't get close enough to any animal for he made too much noise and the animals had fled from him before he could strike his sword down. He had eventually gave up his search for meat and gone up some trees. He'd gotten six eggs and although he felt terrible for killing the unborn baby birds, his roaring stomach changed his mind. He also grabbed some berries he thought were 'edible' and had tracked his way back to his oak tree. Now, as Estel sucked the eggs' yolk and stuffed himself with berries, feeding his long hungry stomach, he thought about what he was going to do next. It had all started three weeks ago, in the dining room. The entire family was there and suddenly, Dan and Ro had spoken up about something that caught Estel's mind: L贸rien. The twins were going to Lothl贸rien to visit their grandparents as well as to discuss some diplomatic trade issues. The young boy had always dreamed of traveling beyond the safe borders of the Last Homely House and L贸rien was a placed that intriguied him. He had heard tales wilder than the Western Lands full of dirty, barbaric mortal men whose selfishness had destroyed them all. He gagged, he was not proud to be one of their race. Anyways, back to L贸rien. Estel had always wanted to go there for visit. Daeradar and Daernaneth always came for visit on Yule but he never got to go there, they had always insisted that he was too young and it was 'too dangerous for him under normal circumstances.' But this time, he was going and there was no staying silent. He knew how to fight. Survive. Live. Climb. Run. Swim. Everything he needed in the wild he already knew and he'd spent at least half an hour in the dining room, trying to convince them but to no avail. With a now somber face, the father and sons had said no to Estel with no hesitation. Eventually, he'd been rude enough to insult his foster