I don't own PJO or HOO Percy POV I hate my life. For starts, I am running through a winter forest outside my school, in a tux, chasing after my crush and her brother, who were kidnapped by a teacher and running from my worst bully, my life really sucks. Let me start from the beginning. First a little about me. I am decently tall. Really skinny, but that helps when hiding from bullies, I am pretty fast too. My skin has never tanned before, it never burns either. My hair is bright white and all over the place, like I was hit by lightning and then tried to squish it down. My eyes were a very pale pink color with pale yellow flecks, in short, I was an albino. I also have ADHD and Dyslexia and I am lactose intolerant. which means no ice cream, no pizza, and no cheese burgers. Pure agony. I don't have a dad. I have never seen a picture of him or even gotten his name out of my mom. She always closes off on that topic whenever it comes up. My mom, Sally Jackson, on the other hand, is the greatest person I have ever met in my life, ever. She always is bright and cheery. She always says nice things and never gets mad, even when I fail out of every school I have ever been to. I don't get into trouble on purpose, or at all sometimes. I am just everybodies favorite scapegoat. When I was 7, she started dating some guy and I didn't meet him until I was 9. When I finally met him, he seemed like a decent guy, maybe just needed to work out a little. Then I got to know him when they got married a few months later. And I got to know Satan himself. He was awful. He was always drunk and I don't think he knew what a shower was, giving him the nickname, smelly Gabe. He was always taking any money I earned doing odd jobs around the city for beer, cigarettes, and poker. I put up with him for my mom. She choose him to be with, so I dealt with him. she deserved happiness and if he made her happy for some strange reason, then so be it. I acted as his caddy and punching bag for 3 years. Then when I was 12, before I started at Yancy Academy, he started cutting me. It started as a few scratches on my arms. Then my chest and back. Then he started carving. My mom found out the day before I left for boarding school. He had had carved for the first time on my upper back for the first time a few nights before and my mom walked in on me changing and saw all the scars and his carving. Weak It was simple, but she lost it. She drove me to school the next day and told me she was going to get rid of him. That made me happy. I went through the year and worked as hard as I could to get good grades, but I couldn't keep up with the course work and eventually fell behind. The bullying didn't help either. It was average except for one bully, Darren. He was tall, broad and strong, a typical football build. He had plenty of lackies, but he enjoyed torturing me personally. He would blame me whenever he got in trouble and everyone believed him. The only person who was nice to me was his roommate ironically, Grover. He helped me out and said Darren shouldn't bully anyone. He followed him everywhere and didn't say anything to him about it, but he hated Darren as much as I did, so I counted him as my first friend. They both left near the end of the year along with two teachers, Ms. Dodds and Mr Brunner. Ms Dodds was probably related to Gabe, she hated me, but she also hated Darren, so I guess she was okish. Mr Brunner was my favorite teacher. He always favored Darren over anyone else, but hid it well. He was always nice to me and helped me with my dyslexia when I needed help. When I went home for the summer, Gabe was still there, but my mom said he would be gone soon. The next year was normal. I tried public school in New York for the first time and it was ok, I was still kicked out and had no friends, but my grades were slightly better. The the summer came. In May, just before graduation, Gabe found out I had been expelled again. He was pissed. He beat me for an hour straight. My mom walked in as he brought his knife. She tried to get him off me, but he hit her. He head hit the counter and bounced onto the floor. I called an ambulance while Gabe fled and told me if I told anyone, he would finish the job. My mom was sent to the hospital and was diagnosed with a coma. No one knew when she would wake up or what would happen once she did. I had to go live with just Gabe for the rest of the summer. I got a job as a janitor's assistant at the planetarium. The janitors told me everything about the planets and the stars, and for once, it was the kind of class I enjoyed. I put my entire salary towards my mother's hospital bill, but Gabe never put in a dime. I couldn't possibly make enough, and the debt started to pile up. Gabe beat me whenever I got home and I got used to it. Freak and Bastard joined Weak on my back. He enjoyed torturing me and laughed every second of it. When the school year was about to begin, Gabe dropped a bomb on me, he was sending me off to military school for the year. He said he had been saving his money all summer to get rid of me for 9 months and he said that he would pay for my mother's hospital bill while I was gone. I didn't trust him, but what choice did I have. I took a long bus ride up to Westover hall, in Maine. And prepared for the worst school year of my life. Boy that was the biggest understatement of the century. When I got there, I was greeted by some french guy named Dr. Thorn. He sent me off to the opening assembly and told me my belongings would be sent off to my dorm. I tried to pay attention to the presentation, but a younger student a few rows in front of me kept adding his personal comments and a girl next to him kept shushing him and he would laugh at her. Because of that, I missed most of the rules. I knew I was screwed. I went to the dorm listing and found I was paired with someone named Nico DiAngelo, who was 11 to my 14. Hopefully he was quiet and respectful. A good little angel. Oh how wrong I was. Turns out, it was the boy who never shut up. Apparently annoying people was his only talent. The annoying questions never stopped. "Why is your hair white?" "Are you an old man who sucked the youth out a little boy, but kept the hair?" "Are you going to drain the youth out of me?" "Why are your eyes pink?" "Why is your skin so pale?" "Are you a zombie?" "Are you going to eat my brain?" "Can you eat my sister's brain instead?" "Do you speak Italian?" "Do you play Mythomagic?" The questions kept coming and coming until I stopped him. "I am an albino, that is why I look the way I do. No, I don't speak Italian and I have no idea what the hell Mythomagic is!" I snapped at him and shut myself in my room. The dorms had two bedrooms, a small living area, and one full bathroom. I heard a small knock on the door, but left it for Nico. "Get the door Alberto, I am in the bathroom!" He called to me and I groaned, Alberto, I swear if he doesn't stop acting so immature, I was going sanp worse than I did earlier. There was no upside to putting up with him. When I answered the door, I was stunned. There was the girl who was shushing Nico during the performance. She had the same olive skin, but a little more tan. Her eyes were the same as Nico, a deep black, like night or ink. Her hair was midnight black and was only a little longer than her shoulders. She had it braided down her back in a tight braid. I instantly knew she was special. She had a calming aura that put me at ease, something only my mom had done in the past. She was absolutely stunning and I became instantly self conscious. "Uh, Hi" I started and she laughed a little at me. "I take it you are Percy Jackson, the poor soul who is stuck with my most annoying little brother." she greeted me with a firm handshake. "Yeah, he thinks my name is Alberto because I told him I was albino." I told her with a sigh. She just shook her head and laughed. "That sounds like my brother, sorry if he disrupted the opening speeches and rules for you, my roommate recognized me as his roommate and never shut up to me about it. She was constantly complaining. I needed an escape so I figured I would apologize in advance to whoever got stuck with my brother." she said, still chuckling "Yeah, does he always ask question so fast and what the heck is mythomagic?" I asked her and she shook her head and looked at the floor. She was really cute, and getting rid of that thought. "Yes he does, and mythomagic is a card game based off Greek mythology. He has every figurine but one and just about every card from ever series. Don't let him get started telling you about it, he will never shut up about it." she warned me, it sounded a little fun, but Nico would probably crush me. "Got it." I told her and I heard the toilet flush "Who was at the door Alberto?" I heard Nico approaching and when he saw Bianca, he ran to her and gave her a hug. "Bianca!" he shouted as he let her go. "This is my room mate, Alberto. He is a zombie who sucks the youth out of people and I told him to eat your brains if you don't let me eat only dessert from now on." he told her and I started banging my head against the door frame. "No Nico, your roommate's name is Percy and he is and albino, his name is not Alberto. That's why his skin and hair are white. And why his eyes are pink. As for the dessert, I don't think they will have any except for every other weekend for the well behaved only." she told him strictly and he began fake sobbing "Th-that means I-I will need to take You and Alberto's desserts on those days to make u-up for the lack of sugar." he cried and I started laughing while Bianca gave a cold stare. "I will take your dessert if you fake cry over nothing again. It is only for the well behaved, so I doubt you will be getting any." she scolded him and he faked a look of shock. "What do you mean dear sister, do you mean that I am poorly behaved?" he asked with a fake look of total shock, I lost it at that. Nico and Bianca were probably the funniest people to watch argue ever. "Shut Up!" They both shouted at