A/N I do not own PJO or HOO. All rights go to cliff hanger master Rick Riordan Percy POV Pain, unbelievable pain shot through my entire body. I felt like each of my cells were being torn apart, filled with lava, then put back to create one of the most painful ways to die. That was what it felt like to be hit directly hit with Zeus's master bolt. Let me back it up and explain why the twice savior of Olympus was suddenly public enemy #1 ~~~~ Flashback ~~~~ I was nervously pacing on the beach, I had finally decided to propose to Annabeth, but something stopped me. That something was her overprotective mother. Oh, did I mention she hates my guts as well. I called her to the beach at Camp Half-Blood to try and find a way to convince her to let me marry her daughter. Hey Seaweed brain. I heard from behind me. Speak of Hades, Annabeth could not have chosen a worse time. Hey Wise girl I called back to her and when she got close enough, I scooped her into a quick kiss. She giggled a little, now I know something was wrong. My Wise girl never EVER giggled. I decided to go along with pretending she was Annabeth. We talked for a little and it became more and more obvious that the girl I was talking to was not Annabeth. She didn't remember my birthday. She also didn't answer the question we had made up to make sure the other was not a shape shifter correctly. I started to go through who this person next to me might be. Aphrodite? No, I knew she was crushing on me and since she hadn't tried to do anything physical yet I knew it couldn't be her. Monster, couldn't be. I was still in camp and with my rep, any monster, titan, or giant would have already tried to rip my head off. That left only one option, Lady Athena. So Lady Athena, I asked innocently, is this a test? She looked appalled, she got up and changed back into her goddess form then shrunk back to normal size. I credit you young Perseus, I didn't think you would be wise enough to tell it was me, but pray tell, what gave me away? She asked, tilting her head like Annabeth did when she was deep in thought. It was easy, I answered. As soon as you giggled after I kissed you, I knew you weren't Annabeth. On top of that, you didn't know half of what Annabeth knows about me and didn't know the answer to the security we have. Again you surprise me Perseus, I would have never thought you and my daughter had a question like that. You have passed the first of the three tests. The test of mind. Next comes the test of body and then the test of will. Pass these tests, and you have permission to marry my daughter. Then what are we waiting for I asked, let's do this. I responded while getting out Riptide. Good she replied, now think back to all your quests, who was the one opponent, outside of Tartarus, that you could not beat with that sword. I thought long and hard, then it came to me. A golden medusa face. Chrysaor. I answered. Good Athena answered me. Now prepare yourself Perseus, and pray you have practiced. This will be a fight to the death. Now what to use as an arena. I know. With that she snapped her fingers and flashed me into Met Life stadium, home to both NY football teams. I was getting tired of being made fight for entertainment of gods. First in the labyrinth, then in Rome and now this. Calm down Percy I told myself. This is to prove you are worthy of Annabeth. Do it for her. I looked up at the press box where Athena was watching, send him in I called to her. And with that, Chrysaor appeared on the other side of the field. He looked confused until he saw me. He gave a hearty laugh and charged. I won't get into specifics, but basically it was a four hour gore fest of non-stop fighting. By the time it was over, I felt lightheaded from blood loss and I was pretty I broke half the bones in my body, but I held up the head of Chrysaor for Athena to see before I collapsed. I woke up in my mom's apartment. She poked her head and told me I had been out for a few days after I flashed in on the kitchen table during dinner in an unconscious wreck. She had given me some nectar and ambrosia and left me to rest. I thanked her, gave her a big hug and headed back to camp. Before I even got to the bus stop, Athena approached me. I see you are back on your feet, impressive, I thought you would be out for another few days. For impressing me I will let you choose between two options for your final test. Live a month with the hunters as their maid or live with the Amazons for a month as one of their serving men. I groaned internally, test of will my ass. More like suicide mission. Hunters I finally answered her. She smiled at me with an evil light in her eyes, crap, what have I gotten myself into. With that final thought, she flashed me into Artemis's tent to explain. After Athena was done explaining, she flashed out, little did I know was she went to go talk to some of the hunters secretly. So.. Artemis started, since you will be working for us, here is a daily and weekly chore list. The rules are simple, NEVER, EVER, for ANY reason are you to flirt with a hunter, they will have permission to defend themselves anyway possible if that happens. Second do not harm the hunters, any of our wolves, or any of my sacred deer. Any of the above will result in a new jackalope head in my collection. Finally, if I tell you to do something, you do it. Am I clear? Crystal I responded. Good, you start in the morning. Here is a tent, camp past the stream a little ways down. And thus began my life in hell. The chores were hard and it didn't help that the hunters, minus Thalia were trying to kill, sorry I mean prank, me. But I put my head down and just went with it. For Annabeth I told myself, do it for Annabeth. I almost made it. On the last day the hunters, minus Thalia and Artemis, finally did the unforgivable. It started with the bear trap. I was walking back from packing my tent for my departure the next day. We were camping in west Canada, so I had set up my tent next to the Pacific Ocean. After the bear trap closed on my leg, a pit trap fell out from under me. I was hanging over a pit of snakes hanging by my trapped ankle. I shrieked in pain as I felt by leg break. Several hunters came out of bushes and started laughing their head off, Phoebe, who was the leader, laughing the hardest. You should really see the stupid look on your face male, laughing all the while. We are here to prevent you from taking our mistress from us. We know why you are really here. Now I was confused, what was she talking about? What are you talking about I asked while I grimaced in pain. Lady Athena came to us the day you arrived. She told us you were here to try and seduce Artemis and if you weren't successful, you were going to kidnap her and we would never see her again. So we are not letting that happen. We are going to kill you and then tell Artemis you tried to flirt with us and we were just defending ourselves. She smiled at me evilly, good bye Perseus Jackson and she pointed her bow at my face. I snapped. I felt the tug of the ocean at I called it to me, as much as I could, which turned out to be a lot. That day, West Canada was hit by the biggest tidal wave in history. It crashed down on the hunters and I used it to pry myself out of the bear trap. I sent the water back to the ocean, not realizing it still had the hunters in gasping for air. I got up, brushed off and walk back to camp. I get permission to leave from Artemis and I go back to camp. Athena flashes in as I reach the foot of Half-blood hill. I am impressed she tells me. No one has done what you just did without being castrated. I give you my blessing to marry my daughter, but wait at least a week, I am having Hephaestus make you a ring. Thank you very much lady Athena, I swear to never hurt Annabeth consciously and will do everything in my ability to protect her. Good Athena told now go back to camp and wait for the ring to appear in your pocket, then you may propose to my daughter. As I was walking up the hill a scream could be heard behind me. A boy about my age was screaming while being chased by a single dracaena. I pulled out riptide, quickly stabbed the monster, and turned to see if the boy was ok. I found him holding a dagger at my gut and he quickly cut me open. He then proceeded to cover his blade in monster dust like he had done the work. The commotion that we started had drawn campers to us and Chiron walked over to me and helped me to the infirmary, after a bone crushing hug and tears of how happy he was to see me again. They thought I was kidnapped again. It had completely slipped my mind to iris message any of them while with the hunters. It looked like I went down to the beach and never came back. After I got out of the infirmary, everybody but my closest friends was giving me the cold shoulder. After receiving a flying hug and many kisses from Annabeth, I asked her why everyone was treating me so coldly. It's that kid you saved. He is still unclaimed, but he said the dracaena sliced your stomach and he saved you, then you tried to kill him and he had to hold you off. For some reason, everyone who doesn't know you very well believes him, his story is so full of holes, I don't even come close to believing it. Good I responded. Kissing her or a long time. As the week went on, my friends started dropping like flies. Katie accused me of ruining her garden. The Stolls were upset I rigged their prank to back fire on them. Clarisse was mad I broke her 34 th spear, Grover even got mad because I broke his pipes. Piper got mad because I took all of her ski jackets. Jason got upset I drew on his face in sharpie so his fore head read "super retard" It got worse when the romans came to visit. Reyna thought I broke Arum and Argentum. Frank thought I destroyed his only picture of his mom. And Hazel got upset because she thought I melted down her spatha. But I didn't do any of those things. I knew who it was, that new kid, Darren. He has watery blond hair like Octavian did. He was scrawny and could only lift a knife. He had no apparent powers to boot. Ever since he found out he was a son of Zeus he has been trying to lord over everyone. He has been treating