Hey guys! For starters, thanks for looking at the story! While I can't promise that you won't be disappointing (due to your taste of fanfic), I will try hard to have you engaged in the plot, and wanting to always click "Next Chapter". I'll be blunt, this is my first fanfiction. I'm writing this right now at the very end of the story, in an edit, years later. I started in my first year of high school, and right now it's almost my last year. I know my writing style has changed incredibly, which is why for those who ever look back, there might be some 'missing' parts. It was cringe worthy to look back at my writing 3 years ago and so many, MANY edits have occurred. Re-formatted and I swear, half rewrote parts of the story. The cringes were starting to hurt my shoulders they were that bad. ALSO: If you ever spot anything glaringly wrong, or are confused, please ask! I try to answer any PMs or reviews with concerns in a timely manner, and they are never a bother. I'm frankly a very lazy editor of my work. If you spot a typo, please pipe up! Thank you! Most chapters are from the point of Percy and Annabeth our favorite duo but some will have some characters that you're not expecting… While I never in my head called this a 'prologue'...I have still named it as such. Chapter Two is not given any justice without any clueing in, which is what this chapter's purpose is. While it's slow, it's necessary. Chappie two is when stuff starts to get real. So without further ado, Enjoy! Present Day: Flash. "Mr. Jackson!" Click. Flash. "Mr. Olympian, over here!" "Mr. Olympian, smile for us!" "What are your thoughts of Aquatic Industries?" Flash. Click. "What do you think about the scandal of Aerial Corporation?" "What about Zeus Grace?" "Mr. Jackson!" The suited figure walked forwards, looking straight at the podium, ignoring the crowd to the best of his ability. Even when he was a child, seeing his father on a similar stage to the one he was walking up never sat well with him. Now when he was in the spotlight to the very press releases he disliked, he felt a strange calm. How silly it felt to be the focus of over two hundred people, and most likely millions more as his face was broadcasted globally. He slowly walked up the wooden steps, his expensive shined shoes clacking, and walked across the stage, all while taking a paper out of his inside breast pocket. He touched the microphone tapping it softly, satisfied with the sound he stared at the expecting people. "Good morning." The jumble of voices quieted down. "I suppose it still must be a bit foreign, a person as young as myself up on a stage like this one, but as my father never thought that age was important. I personally both agree and disagree; age gives a person their experience of life, a knowledge that can only be acquired with time and age, yet, with this passing you also lose several things. Your innovation, innocent, trust, and often good-will. It can affect your creativity and outlook of life." He looked left and right, putting his hands on the podium. The crowd waited for him to continue, with the clicking of cameras going off like cicadas in the summer. "Even presently, days after the event that endangered both my life, and billions around the globe, I do not know if it was age, or simple cruelty that allowed this treachery to occur. No matter, we cannot dwell on the past, and instead use it to fuel our futures. I will temporarily be taking back the position of CEO within Aquatic Industries until management has been reconfigured and the market stabilizes. I am in touch with the present temporary board of the Aerial Corporation and Di Angelo Enterprises, and the federal, state, and municipal governments to ensure that this will never happen again." A few voices took advantage of his small pause but died down as he continued to speak, his voice controlling the area, "I hope that for all investors, businessmen and women, entrepreneurs, stock brokers, and even all civilians that were hurt in this fiasco, you look past the evils and instead welcome me warmly back into this world, at least officially that is. I plan to be everything my father was and while he did leave rather large shoes to fill luckily I have large feet. I look forward to the fturue, and I look forward to working with you all," he paused, "I now open the floor for questions?" The press exploded at the end of his sentence. "What are your thoughts on the scandal?" "How did you survive?" "What about the list of names of the fired workers?" "How will you navigate the market after the bailout?" "Does Ms. Annabeth Chase have any connections to this?" "How is Jason Grace? News says he was released from the hospital with no injury yet he has not been seen since then!" "What were the parameters of Luke Castellans' involvement with both parties involved?" The teenager on the podium stopped and held his hand up. Silence was slowly restored. "I have been asked a very interesting question," he slightly drawled, "Does Annabeth Chase have any connections?" his smile turned to a frosty frown, "As far as I know the woman of which you have repeatedly insulted -rather quite thoroughly I might add- was simply present at the scene but did not have any crucial involvement. She is hardly interested in stock managing and does not like economics to be blunt. Additionally I cannot confirm or deny any questions or statements of any other parties or persons present at the incident, you will have to wait for their official statements or press releases. I also will not answer any other questions regarding Ms. Chase so please, do not ask them." The voices rose in protest but the figure on the podium squared his shoulders and stood taller. His voice boomed out authoritatively. To reporters with graying hairs he uncannily resembled his late father when they'd interviewed him in the same manner. "Next question." .o. GotS .o. August 18th, 1998 SALLY Sally Olympian sighed as she looked down at her newborn son. She smiled. Even at his tender age –one day and three hours- he already looked like he was ready to take on the world as he looked around the room with curiosity. Sally couldn't help but notice that her son had inherited almost all of her husband's features of green eyes, black hair and a cheeky smile but Sally knew that he would have her heart. She could feel it. Mother's intuition. "My little Perseus Olympian," she smiled down at the figure of her son, swathed in blankets. "Look at you two," a low voice rumbled. "You'll wake him, dear." Sally looked up so see that her husband had entered the room. She hadn't noticed him. Poseidon beamed down at her. She could feel pride almost radiating off her husband. They had a son. A perfectly healthy, and whether it was just her motherly part of her or not, a beautiful son at that. They glanced down again to see Percy open his eyes and give a little smile along with an incoherent sound. Poseidon chuckled as he took their child and rocked him in his arms, "I see he's a light sleeper. It's all from your mother," he said to Percy seriously then peered at her, "You know, we should enjoy this while it lasts." "Oh?" Sally asked, half curious and half bemused as she shifted in her bed to make herself more comfortable. "My mother told me that I was a horrible baby and toddler. Cried through the night all the time." "Really now." Sally laughed, attempting to imagine her husband in such a state. His ever present calm demeanor, no matter angered he rarely raised his voice. "Oh yes." Poseidon's eyes twinkled as he started to dictate. He altered his voice, no doubt in a humorous way of imitating his late mother. "You just wouldn't believe it! I come back after talking to Metis and he's wailing away! I rush to the source of the noise and the scene meeting my eyes is horrendous! There he is! In the middle of the kitchen with cookies everywhere! The jar is smashed on the floor and the chair is up against the counter! Little Poseidon is screaming his lungs out and holding his wrist! Sprained! Taught him not to climb up onto the counter!" "Oh my," She giggled. Only Gaea would find a way to rant about her son like that, whether he'd had done her proud or deserved to be sent to a military school. As the two stopped laughing as a doctor walked in, "Mr. and Mrs. Olympian?" "Yes." The two answered simultaneously. "You're free to go. Percy's a healthy baby boy and you're not having any post-birth health issues. Although if you wish to spend the night here we're happy to accommodate you." "Oh no, no need for that. I'll be perfectly fine at our house. I feel great." Sally stated as she started to sit up out of her bed. Poseidon rushed over to her. "Are you sure? I don't want you to strain yourself. I mean, you just gave birth Sally! Isn't she supposed to rest more?" "I'm fine. Besides I'd like to introduce to his home," Sally said. There he went again. Always putting her first, always checking in with her. Not that Sally didn't like it, she always felt connected to her husband, but occasionally he had to take a breath and calm down. "Are you sure?" Poseidon scrunched his eyebrows like he always did when he was worried. "Yes." Sally said firmly. Sally rose out of the hospital bed and took Percy from Poseidon's arms. Poseidon kissed her cheek and thanked the doctor. "Thank you…" Sally squinted at the doctor's badge, "Dr. Sollace." "Not a problem." Dr. Sollace answered. "Call the hospital if you need anything or have any questions, if it's urgent, they will route it to me." Sally raised her eyebrows. So it had already gotten out through the hospital that they were very important patients, VIPs. "I'm fine thank you, although I'll keep it in mind. We've arranged to have a nurse on sight, in case of a minor emergency." Dr. Sollace smiled, "Excellent. Have a nice night." Poseidon escorted her out of the hospital. Sally couldn't help but notice that the sky was dark the hospital was still busy. She also noticed that she and her husband were getting the look. She sighed. She had purposely asked Poseidon to an average hospital in attempt to avoid this and he'd agreed, but he'd found a loophole by requesting Dr. William Solace, a renowned doctor known to specifically cater to the wealthy. No matter where they went their names and wealth were their shadows, sticking to them much better than Peter Pan's. Together the stepped outside into the August air. It had cooled down but the summer stretching itself. Poseidon took out his phone and speed dialed Peleus, their chauffeur. They waited only for half a minute before the sleek black car, one that looked like a taxi rolled up to the hospital. Just like Peleus. He must have been waiting somewhere in the parking lot all afternoon. Peleus was always putting his best foot forward for them, he loved his work and he treated Poseidon with a polite tone, but more as an equal and not like an employer. When he rolled the front window down she was greeted by his familiar long and thin face. His light brown eyes had bags under them and his similarly colored hair was not as neat as it usually was but the large smile on his face outshone