To anyone who has previously read this, Yes, I've redone it and I've changed my pen-name. It was previously DreamofRob10. No, I am not copying this from anywhere but my own computer. This is my work that I reworked and wanted a fresh start with. I wasn't happy with the other postings. I have used characters from SM...all rights to them are hers; I just borrowed them. No copyright infringement was intended at all. All mistakes are my own. I take any and all responsibility for any mistakes that are found within this writing. If you want to leave a negative comment, please go somewhere else. I post this for fun, not negative feedback. If you want to be a critic, go to where it counts, NOT HERE! I don't get paid to write this, so if you leave a review, a smiling face would be perfect. This story will contain descriptions of physical abuse. If that bothers you, I apologize. 10/30/16 Chapter 1 BPOV I'm not one to place judgement on any one person, considering the way I grew up. My life, as a child, was something I would never wish upon anyone. Living with an alcoholic father who beat their mother constantly, was something any child or adult would consider a nightmare. Up until I turned 12 years old, I was always subjected to witness these beatings. There were times when my father made me sit and watch him beat my mother. He always said he was trying to teach me how to be the right house wife for my future husband. He also told me I'd be lucky to ever find anyone who would love me enough to marry me. On the eve of my 12th birthday, my mother was being beat, yet again. I wasn't sure what forced his hand this time, but I knew it didn't matter what she did. She could have put too much jelly on a sandwich and he would beat her because it dripped out on his shirt. All I knew was, I was over it; done with watching my mother being treated like a slave. When I snuck out the window of the downstairs bathroom, there was only once place I could go. The closest neighbor was about half a mile away from where we lived in Florida. We were in a very rural, quiet area of Jacksonville. It was about two in the morning when I arrived at our closest neighbor's house. The home of Mr. and Mrs. Landers. They had always treated my mother as their own child and I looked up to them as grandparents. They were always checking on my mom and me. About once a week, Mrs. Landers would come by the house and visit. She would only come when she knew my father wasn't home. I enjoyed her visits. She always brought goodies for us, but we would have to hide them so my father wouldn't know anyone had been to the house. When I was on their porch and out of breath from running, I banged on their door like my life depended on it. Mr. Landers answered the door. "Isabella, what's wrong?" He asked, looking at me quizzically in search of an answer. "My mom… needs help," I said. I was out of breath; gasping for air between words. "Isn't your dad home, sweetie?" Mr. Landers asked. It was obvious he didn't know what went on in my home. Not all of it, of course. "He's beating her," I replied, bent over gasping. Mr. Landers looked at me with shock. Without any more questions, he took my hand, "Come with me," he said, leading me into the living room and stopped at the bottom of the stairs. "Camille, I need you please," he called up to his wife. She immediately appeared at that top of the stairs and gasped when she spotted me. "What going on?" she asked, holding the lapels of her robe together. "There's a situation. I need you to stay with Isabella; it's her mother," he explained. Mrs. Landers made her way downstairs and guided me into the kitchen where she proceeded to get me a drink. I later found out that they knew something was amiss at our house, but they never stuck their nose in others peoples business. They had offered help numerous times, but mom declined. After that night, I didn't know exactly what went on at my house. Mr. Landers had called the police before he left to go to mine. He insisted that I stay with his wife until I could go home. That didn't happen until the next day when Mr. and Mrs. Landers drove me to the hospital where my mother was being treated to injuries caused by my father. They drove us home the moment my mom was released from the hospital. They were a God send to us. Also, that night, was the last night I saw my father alive. I'm 24 now, and from the day I turned 12 years old, I would say life has been great and eventful. My whole world completely changed that day. All for the better, I might add. I couldn't be more happy for the way it's gone in the last 12 years. And after that one horrifying night in Florida, mom packed us up and moved us across the country to Forks, Washington where my grandparents live. She eventually got reacquainted with an old high school friend. Charlie has treated her like a queen from day one. Even though they've only been married for 10 years, they still act as if they were still newlyweds. It made me happy to think of the smile on my mother's face, especially since the birth of my baby brother, Alex. He was a honeymoon baby. After we moved to Washington, mom had her IUD taken out. She wasn't planning on more children. Well, until she Charlie, of course. He told her he would love her either way. She could give him all the children she could bear or just her, and he would be happy. From the moment I met Charlie, I knew he was meant to be in our lives. As far as I was concerned, Charlie is my father and was meant to be. On the day he purposed, down on one knee, in front of mom and me, he asked her to marry him and asked me to be his daughter. We both said yes immediately. He said he had always wanted children, and they day they made it official, he was an instant dad. Now, he has me, Alex and Gracie. Gracie, of course, is the baby. She arrived 16 months after Alex. Mom knew she wasn't getting younger and they started to try for another baby right after Alex. It took a little time, but it finally happened. Mom had to have a hysterectomy due to complications during Gracie's birth; she started hemorrhaging. The doctors couldn't get the bleeding to stop without taking her uterus out. She went through a hard time for a while when she thought of not giving my dad anymore children; it broke her heart. Dad finally convinced her he had three healthy children and a wife, whom he loved more than anything. We made his life complete. Mom said it was for the best anyway because she didn't want to be old and decrepit running around the yard with her kids. She also wanted to keep some of her energy for when I decided to give her grandchildren. I knew mom loved children, but pushing for grandchildren before I found my one and only, was pushing it. Having a baby brother and sister, not only taught me tons of things about babies, but also made me look forward to my future. I loved helping her with them when they were small. Before mom reconnected with Charlie, my views on children and marriage were nonexistent. I couldn't see bringing a child into a world with so much violence, but seeing my parents together changed my mind and I know now, that happiness could be found. It could find you when you least expected it. My mom was proof of that. I wasn't settling, though. I'm sure my one and only is out there somewhere. After seeing how something so horrible turn into something so beautiful, as long as it's with the right person, life can be the best thing to experience. And now, marriage and children were something to look forward to. Thinking of being happy always made me think of my parents, and my dad had told me about how he had always wanted to be a part of my mom's life. He never had the chance because of Phil. As soon as my mom turned 18, Phil made her pack their things and they moved to Florida. After that, she wasn't allowed to have much contact with my grandparents because Phil felt that they were trying to control them. That's why I didn't know much of my grandparents until we moved to Forks when I was 12. And the only reason Phil was in Forks was for one reason and one reason only. He had gotten into trouble, so he was forced to live with his aunt. After knowing his parents, especially Phil's mother, I eventually knew where all his trouble came from. My mom told me the story of when Phil started Forks High School during their second semester. He was the new, handsome baseball player that my mom met during her junior year. He was a senior and all the girls swooned over him. They had been inseparable from the moment they said hello to each other. That was the main reason why Charlie never told mom his true feelings for her. They remained acquaintances because Phil kept her on a short leash. Nearly six months after they became boyfriend and girlfriend, Phil had graduated, but spent most of his time at the batting cages to practice for his career. He'd some home frustrated and take it out on her. He would punch her on the arm or leg and slap her across the face. He told her women needed to know their place in this world, so he was going to teach her. The more violent abuse came later. He had also told her that women were created to bear children. That's why my mom ended up pregnant with me at the age of 17. Mom was so in love with him that she didn't care if she got pregnant, so when he told her he was going to get her pregnant, she agreed. And being from an Italian Catholic family, my Grandpa Georgino insisted that they be married, so four months before graduation, they married. My mom wasn't quite 18 yet, so as per my grandfather's rule, Phil had to live with my mother, as her husband, in their home until she turned 18. After that, they were free to live where they wanted. That's why mom ended up giving birth to me in Florida 5 weeks before her due date. Phil had backhanded her causing her to fall down a flight of stairs. She went into premature labor with me even though I was supposed to be born sometime around Halloween. Once I was born, my Grandma and Grandpa Georgino flew to Florida to meet me and to make sure Phil was properly providing for us. Phil had since began his baseball career. He bought a house a few miles from his parents, staying close to his mothers rule. With a cleanly kept home and food in our pantry, there wasn't much my grandparents could do. So, as I got older, I often wondered why my mom never had more children with PHil. She told me that she secretly had an IUD implanted. After she had me, she requested, in private, from her doctor, to have the implant put