Here's the first chapter of Loving E. I'm looking forward to what you think. SM owns...I do not. ENJOY! 1/4/2017 Chapter 1 BPOV "Bella, come on!" Alice screeched, "We have go! What the hell is taking so long?" I knew she was still standing outside the bathroom door. I could hear her foot tapping on the hardwood. She probably had her hands on her hips, too. Let me get you up to date. That was Alice, my wonderful loving, erratic, spaz of a twin sister. I guess you could say I was the calm, cool and collective one, whereas Alice most definitely took after our mother, Renee. And my calm demeanor came from our dad, Charlie. He was pretty laid back but don't get me wrong, he would sure show a protective hand when needed. Today we were headed to our parents' house in Forks for the weekend. Usually, we tried to visit a couple of times a month considering the three and half hour drive each way. The drive wasn't so bad if you had good music and maybe a few cases of Pringles on hand. Charlie's the Chief of Police in Forks and let me tell you, he loved his job. He didn't need the money per se but law enforcement had always been his dream job ever since he was a little boy. The Swan Family had money, and lots of it. Our whole family was pretty well known throughout the whole country. My great, great, great grandfather, Ernest Swan, built his empire in the oil industry. According to my mom, it's called ' old money' , but my dad never showed an interest in the family business. When he turned 25 he received his trust fund, and now my uncle, Clark Swan, ran the business, so money had and never will be an issue in our family because my dad still received a portion of the company's profits because he holds 49% of the company's shares, but Charlie and Renee deemed it necessary to raise me and Alice to make an honest living. During this visit, we were going to an awards ceremony because Charlie was recieving an award. The man has more awards than I would even know what to do with. I'm pretty positive he has the key to the city, too. I lost track a long time ago. "Alice, please? Just give me ten more minutes. This is not a good day to rush me." I was trying to hurry as fast as I possibly could, but I could hear her strumming her fingernails along the trim of the bathroom door. "Well, if you wouldn't get so fucking drunk the night before we're supposed to drive home, then you wouldn't be dragging your sorry ass this morning," she accused. I could almost feel her glaring at me through the door like a Super villain from a cartoon. "Ugh...Piss off, Alice. A girl's allowed some fun now and then. You act like you're completely innocent," I said, my anger starting to show with her rushing me. I was already having a hard time finding a comfortable pair of jeans to wear because I was so bloated. "Bells, of course I'm not completely innocent, but someone has to be the adult around here, and I am two minutes older than you so that means I get to be the one to act like a responsible adult," she screamed through the door, causing it to vibrate. When she was on a tirade, she could say a full paragraph without taking a breather. It was always so wonderful when she used her 'I'm two minutes older' card over my head. I thought men were the ones that swelled their egos, but not her, not my sister. "I hope you at least saved some brain cells for our birthday in three weeks." Finally, she scoffed angrily when she realized her hovering wasn't going to speed me up. I heard the tap of her shoes when she finally walked away. The night before, Alice and I went to a dance club with a few friends of ours that we've known since kindergarten. They also attended the University with us. It was the first time I had ever gone to a club. We normally went to bars to hang out. Nothing too spectacular. My best friend Angela, Alice's best friend Rosalie, and our buddies Eric and Mike were also there. It was a never forget kind of night considering the nasty hangover that was pounding away at my brain. I was huddled in the bathroom, slowly but surely trying to finish getting dressed. I, very gently, pulled a brush through my hair, desperately trying to avoid any more pain to my head than necessary. When I finished, and opened the door to the bathroom, I come face to face with Alice. I squealed loudly and shouted, "What the fuck! You scared the shit out of me, Alice! Jesus Christ, can't I have some freakin' privacy for once around here?" I asked rhetorically. "It's about fucking time. I was starting to think you fell in," she said to me with her hands perched on her hips. She shook her head, rolled her eyes at me and walked away. I didn't even hear her come back up the stairs. She was stealthy when she wanted to be. It was scary sometimes. "I'm not going to apologize, so get the fuck over it. I feel like shit, and to top it off, I started my damn period. I thought being on birth control was supposed to make your cycles regular?" I looked to Alice for some insight but I knew she wasn't going to give me the answer I was looking for. Knowing her, she'd laugh at me and give me shit for being the 'Last American Virgin' on birth control. I wasn't entirely a virgin, though. No one knew about the night I almost lost my cherry. That's a whole other story. So, technically I'm still a virgin, but then again, does it count when he barely pushes in and then passes out? There wasn't any kind of pain or blood that I was aware of. It was completely embarrassing, so I never told anyone about it. Plus, my almost cherry popper decided it would be best if we didn't see each other anymore and requested that I please not say anything to anyone about our little mishap. He was definitely more embarrassed than I was. Alice still gave me crap for being on birth control for no reason considering I technically was a virgin. Go figure. It's wasn't like I hadn't had a chance to…ya know, and I wasn't holding out for marriage, either. I just felt like I should be in love when it happened. Well, except my "almost cherry popper". Otherwise, there was nothing wrong with waiting. And, I've fooled around. I know what goes where and so forth. She makes me sound like a prude. Alice looked at me incredulously, "Bella, you know better than to ask me such a fucked up question. Maybe if you started getting laid…" she trailed off, looking like I was stupid before she turned and headed to the front door of our condo. She acted like a diva, which, if I might add, was so freaking irritating. "By the way, you have to drive. My car's in the shop and I can't pick it up until Monday," she said while grabbing her purse from the front table and tossing my keys at me. Ahhhh… and there was the silver lining. I loved my truck, and she hated it with a passion. A lot of people thought my truck was meant for a guy, but screw that. I had a bad ass truck. I got myself a Navy Blue Dodge Ram 4x4. It had a six inch suspension lift, three inch body lift and thirty nine inch tires. It was a monster compared to what Alice drove…a girly little, itty bitty BMW Z4. I could barely look at it, let alone sit in it for over three hours. She swore I was switched at birth with some hillybilly down from the mountains. Daddy tried to tell her that there was nothing wrong with a pretty girl having a truck like mine. After I sat and listened to Alice bitch for ten minutes because my truck was too high off the ground, we finally got on the road. She just needed to get in, relax and grab the bar by the window when she needed. Our drive to Forks was supposed to take about three and a half hours, but knowing Alice, it would take five. She always had to pee fifty times before we got there. I really thought she should see a doctor about her abnormally small bladder, but finally we made it to our parents' house around four o'clock in the afternoon. My parents own a huge piece of property on the northern side of Forks. Needless to say, their house wasn't so small, either. It was another piece of family inheritance. Pulling up the long driveway, you could catch a glimpse into the backyard where our huge playhouse that Charlie had built for us when we were little. I knew my mom wanted to keep that stuff around in hopes of grandchildren someday. Alice would probably beat me to it. Her and her boyfriend Jasper had been together forever. It was just a matter of time before Jasper swept her off her feet with a proposal. "Hi Mom, Hi Dad..." I said as my mom came barreling towards me and Alice. She was always enthusiastic about us arriving. We were her babies and cherished every moment she could get with us. "Ung...dang mom." I grumbled. "You just saw us two weeks ago. It's not like it's been two months or two years," I said trying to catch the breath that she knocked out of me with her typical mom hug. Mom looked at me endearingly. "Bella, sweetie, you and Alice are my only babies. You'll understand one day when you have children of your own," she said as she choked me to death with another hug. I could hear Alice make gasping sounds to try and ease Renee's hold on us. Mom finally released us so we could breathe. "Alice honey, no Jasper this weekend?" Charlie wondered aloud. Jasper usually came with us when we visited Forks so he could visit with his parents, as well. "Nope, sorry pops, I know how much you love Jasper, but he had some sort of project due for school on Monday. With this being his last year, he had tons of extra work to do before graduation. He got a little behind and needed this weekend to catch up," Alice said while making her way over to where our father leaned up against the counter in the kitchen. After hugging and giving him a small kiss on his cheek, we sat down at the table. Jasper also went to the University of Washington with us, or UDub as everyone likes to call it. However, that was where the similarities ended. He was a year ahead of Alice and I, and we were all on extremely different paths. Alice was majoring in Fashion Design and as of right now, I was majoring in English Literature. I hoped to one day be a successful writer or a teacher. Jazz was majoring in Psychology. He was in his fourth year and would be graduating. Alice and Jasper were definitely meant for one another, though. It was weird considering Alice's best friend was her boyfriend's sister. Our weekend went pretty quick. Dad graciously accepted his award from the Mayor of Forks and after mingling amongst his co-workers, we decided to head home. Alice and I spent the rest of the weekend just hanging out with our parents. But, the trip had to end and on our way