(A/N: I'm back and I'm MAAAAAAD as hell! Apparently, a nice little community known as Critics United has the utmost respect and decency to report my story (most likely en masse), and cause all of my hard work to vanish! Isn't that the nicest thing? No warning or anything, just 15K+ words and 150+ reviews, poof! And an admin banned me from typing for a few days, too, to 'punish' me for something unfathomably innocent. Some people… But never fear, loyal Hungry Gamers. Like a stubborn phoenix, I shall rise from the ashes, twice as powerful! GA175 is back, and it's here to STAY, because technically, this is no longer an SYOT. I have all my characters, I'm not doing sponsor questions anymore (that's probably what killed me u_u), and the T-List is gone, so there's no evidence! So unless I do something stupid again, Critics United has nothing on me anymore! :D TeamAvatar was as mad as I am, seeing as we both worked hard on this story. I would agree, SYOTs and such -are- against the rules, for whatever reason, but the way that FanFiction just uncaringly handled that was completely wrong and unacceptable. Removing at least 1000 good stories from hard-working authors, some of which were completed months ago , so now, not only can we not enjoy them, but authors were unrightfully banned from submitting! I find that despicable. I would've thought that FanFiction would've been smarter and less ruthless in that regard. Smh... Now that my rage has been slaked, I welcome you to the new and improved GA175. The story being wiped has given me an excuse to go back and fix mistakes I made in previous chapters, adding to them as well. TeamAvatar has not only helped me with the arena now, in her blistering fury, she has decided to collaborate with me and fine-tune the other chapters. Trust me. This story is about to get twice as epic as it was before… Now, without further ado: my triumphant return!) ~Marie's POV~ I fuddle idly with the remote control in my hand, trying to decide if I should watch the announcement again before they come… I'm going to have to play it again eventually, anyway, since the rest of my family didn't see it yet. My back sinks into the plush couch and my toes wiggle on the soft carpeting. Life in District One is good, indeed, I consider. I wonder how other Districts have it… Meh. I shrug and cross my left leg over my right, adjusting my furry golden bathrobe as the remote continues to hang leisurely in my grasp. My toes need clipping… Just as I reach for my make-up kit on the end table, Melanie storms in. "You're keeping it paused, right?" my sister asks, out of breath. "Of course I'm keeping it paused." I reply with a roll of my eyes. "Why have you been running? You know you have asthma." "S-Sorry…" she sighed, trying hard and failing to catch her breath. Her hands fall to her knees, and I reach over to my make-up kit again. Instead of clippers, though, I pull out a small inhaler, handing it to my sister. She nods graciously and takes a large puff of the gaseous medicine. I smile as her throat visibly untightens and she breathes in deeply again. "Sorry. Mommy wanted me to make super-sure." "Tell Mommy that it's still paused. And walk this time." I tell her sternly. Melanie nods before disobeying me immediately, scampering off swiftly with the inhaler still clutched in her little hand. Sigh… Little sisters are annoying. I go digging through the make-up kit again, unsuccessful in finding the damn clippers, but somehow capable of fishing a mirror out instead… I shrug and decide that now is as good a time as any to look at myself. My blonde hair is still full and shimmery, my green eyes are still bright and sharp. My face is still soft, supple, and blemish-free, and my lips are in need of some shining… I snort and put the mirror down before setting the remote down as well and rummaging through the leather pink bag again. I'm looking for lip gloss now, but lo and behold, I find my nail clippers. I want to swear, but I'm sure Nana will hear it with her giant bat ears, and she doesn't permit swearing in the house… So I grumble instead and start clipping my toes. "Markus?" I hear my grandfather's voice from across the hall. The name causes my hand to twitch and I end up making my center toenail look stripped and jagged. Goddammit… No sandals for me today, I guess. "Markus, where are you?" my grandfather's confused voice calls. I blink sadly at him as he hobbles in on his cane. I almost can't bear to remind him again… "Grandpa, Markus is dead, remember? H-He died two years ago, in the Hunger Games." I say, my throat tightening a little. Now I wish I had Melanie's inhaler… "Dead? What kind of nonsense is th- Oh…" my grandfather's voice drops as it comes back to him. Markus was his favorite grandchild. He was his first grandchild. And he refused to believe that he was really dead, even though we all watched him get pushed off a cliff by the District Five boy… All that denial has affected his mind, and now, sometimes he really does believe Markus is alive. We have to remind him he's not, because hearing him talk as if he was still here hurts. Badly. To fight back my tears, I distract myself with my toenail-cutting again, working on my middle toe to make it appear less gruesome… When I'm done with my toes, I dig through the kit again and start to get frustrated when I find something that isn't even make-up: a flower hair braid in the shape of a marigold. I start to put it back, but I remember that I plan on volunteering this year, and this is as good a token as I'm probably going to get, so I stick it in my hair. "Oh, good, it's paused!" I hear my mother's voice sigh in relief. She runs into the room holding Melanie by the hand, who is breathing generously through her inhaler. My father and grandmother are not far behind, and soon, we're all squishing me in the center of the couch as I slowly reach for the remote to press play. ~Agate's POV~ The newborn light of the early morning slowly started to rouse me from deep, peaceful slumber… I can tell immediately that it was a good night, because I can't remember a damn thing I did since noon yesterday, when I met to celebrate my soon-to-be tribute status for the 175th Annual Hunger Games with Stark, my best bud, and Coral, my girlfriend, the sexiest little tail to ever waggle in District One. That chocolate brown hair, that supple, tanned skin, those sultry onyx eyes, and her voice… That voice of hers made such an impression on me; it's almost like I can hear her breathing right in my ear. It takes me several pondering moments in order to realize that it is her breathing - well, snoring, rather - in my ear. I turn my head and smile as I look into her sleeping face, half-nuzzled into the crook of my arm. My other hand reaches around to prod her gently on the nose. Her lip twitches, so I repeat the motion until she giggles and opens her eyes. "Good morning, handsome." she coos in that sweetly elegant voice, leaning over and kissing me softly on the lips. I chuckle, pulling her closer to my bare chest. Admittedly, I'm disappointed to feel that she's wearing pajamas. Perhaps last night wasn't as good a night as I had imagined. Nevertheless, I happily kiss her on the forehead. "Sweet dreams, gorgeous?" I ask her, my waking golden eyes focused only on her and not the fact that this was not my bed I was in. Not my room. Not my house. This doesn't dawn on me until I hear a knock at the door and a voice that's not my mom's. "Coral? Are you awake yet?" the gruff voice inquires. Immediately, Coral's eyes widen. "U-Uh… Yeah, Daddy, I'm awake!" she calls back, cursing under her breath as she rolled out of my grip and off of the bed. I just sit up and blink, still unsure if I should be panicking or not. When I see the fearful glimmer in Coral's bright black orbs, I assume that I wasn't invited to stay with her last night under her parents' permission… "Oh, well, may I come in?" Coral's father asks. That's when I really start to panic, and roll out of her bed, too, landing mostly silently on my hands and knees. "No, don't! I'm, uh, not dressed yet! I'm naked, don't come in!" I try my hardest to stifle my laugh, and Coral shoots me a death glare, mouthing for me to 'get under the bed'. Nodding quickly and allowing my agility training to kick in, I drop to me stomach and swiftly roll underneath her bed, which is raised just enough to house me, but keep me hidden at the same time. As I look out the narrow slot that the space under her bed allows me, my mind goes into a silent rage as her pajamas quickly drop to the floor. For all I know, my girlfriend is naked about four feet ahead of me and all I can see are her feet and ankles! Those feet and ankles scamper over to the right, and I can hear the shuffling of her closet door opening. About a minute later, I hear her voice again. "Alright, Daddy, I'm decent!" I hold my breath as her bedroom door opens. I've never seen Coral's father before, but judging by the size of his feet, I'd reckon he's big enough to snap me in half with a sneeze. I'm not scrawny, mind you, but this man is obviously titanic. "Well, you look ready for the Reapings already. That's good; we have to leave in thirty minutes." her father's stern-sounding voice said. "Are you volunteering today?" "I'll try, Daddy." she said. "Good, sweetheart. And if you aren't able to, don't fret about it. You've still got two more years." The giant feet turn and walk back out the door. She kicks the bedframe to give me the 'all clear' and I roll back out from under the bed, giving a small whistle as I admire Coral's attire: a tight blue button-up and a white pleated miniskirt. "Hurry and get dressed before he decides to come back." she says quickly, handing me the dark jeans and red T-shirt I apparently wore yesterday. A little wrinkled, but it'll have to do. As I dress, Coral opens up the window, gesturing to a thick branch outside. I give my girl one parting kiss goodbye before leaping out and landing firmly on the branch. "See you at the Reaping!" I call back as I make my way down the tree, sprinting away from her estate and starting to jog to the square, toward my mother's apartment, until I remember I don't live there anymore… All my stuff got moved to my dad's mansion yesterday. Now that I remember that I live in a different house, I almost don't want to go there anymore. But I stuff my hands in my jean pockets and turn around, starting to walk toward the looming mansion a little ways down the road. My dad is a jerk. He and my mom got a divorce several years ago for what he called 'irreconcilable differences', but my mother loved him. The only one with a problem was him. The whole reason he married her was to take her money in the divorce. As one of the richest men in District