A/N: For whatever odd reason (my brain is a strange place), this is one of the stories I always wanted to read. After a long time of just wishing someone could read my brain over the Internet and write it, I gave in and decided to just go for it myself. I hope other people enjoy it too! Updates will come weekly. Reviews are always appreciated and inspiring. Thanks for reading! And as always, all the respect to JK Rowling for writing Deathly Hallows, and letting me (or at least not suing me for it) take it for a spin. Chapter One The second midnight of July finds Harry halfway through another restless night. It's annoying, but if Harry is completely honest, not unexpected. Most of his nights this summer find Harry just like this: staring blankly at the creme colored ceiling above his brass metal bed frame, listening faintly to the snores of the Dursleys in the other rooms and wishing he could just sleep through a single night without interruption. It's hot too, and he has stripped down to his boxers, laying with sticky skin wrapped in peach sheets Aunt Petunia had bought on final clearance. He's exhausted, but incapable of closing his eyes. Surprisingly, at least to Harry, it's not always nightmares that keeps him up lately . Instead, it's mostly a sense of growing dread in the pit of his stomach. It's the feeling that he should be doing something, anything really, to be moving forward. He spends too many nights replaying the muggle news over and over in his head, running through the headlines of the Daily Prophet, keeping a running log of the number of dead in his head. He can't shake the knowledge that Voldemort is out there murdering people, maybe people that Harry himself cares about, and he's here in Number Four Privet Drive merely biding time until his birthday. Coupled with the same scenes of Dumbledore being blasted off the Astronomy Tower by Snape replaying over and over in his dreams and the occasional joyless flash into Voldemort's mind as Harry sleeps, the restless nights pin him in desperation against his mattress, with an irrational and all-consuming need to do anything that seems to paralyze him. Harry should have known when he parted with Ron and Hermione at the train station for the last time those weeks ago, that he was walking into a month and a half of despair and absolute fucking silence, but he hadn't been thinking about it at the time. Maybe he should have prepared himself more for the summer, but there was so much that happened in a whirlwind between Dumbledore's funeral and Harry's final steps away from Hogwarts. Before he knew it he was in a car with Uncle Vernon, heading back to the one place in the world where there would be absolutely nothing to distract him from his thoughts of the impending war, of which he was no longer a student hiding away at Hogwarts but instead the Chosen One To Go Destroy All Of The Horcruxes. The end of July is, thankfully, getting closer, although it doesn't always seem close enough. The plans of exactly when to get him had continued to change (not that he had much contact with The Order) but it was only the beginning of the month. Harry holds it together during the day, keeping mostly to himself in his room, pouring over old textbooks for anything useful, staring endlessly at newspapers for any important information (usually slipped in between the lines), and wistfully thinking of the hectic yet peaceful calm of The Burrow. Really it's just at night, when Harry has nothing to do but comes to terms with how truly alone he is, that it all becomes too much and he begins his ritual of staring at the ceiling and mumbling to himself. Bat shit crazy, he is, and he knows it. Harry is awake then, when just after midnight that evening a cracking noise from somewhere in the backyard jerks him out of his stupor. He shoots up out of bed without even thinking. Straining his ears, Harry crosses his room to the door, his wand arm stretched out in front of him, and his other arm hurriedly pulling on his discarded t-shirt from the side of his bed. His heart is ramming in his chest, and he hopes it's just someone from The Order, here to collect him early and sneak him away before dawn. He knows there are people watching over Privet Drive. The thought that a member of the Order was outside right now, fighting to the death with some random Death Eater sent to finish Harry off sends chills down his spine. He can't hear anything, however. Not even the squeak of the bottom stair, which almost always creaks unless you hit it just right. Harry stands there for several long minutes, tense and breathing heavily. He's finally about to shake himself, laugh off his paranoia, and turn back to bed when the door knob twists, slowly, and then opens. A disheveled figure stands in front of him, wrapped tightly in a black cloak but hands raised in a gesture of surrender. It's only the many years of practice Harry has in being in quite terrifying situations that keeps him from shouting out, which is lucky, because the last thing he needs is the Dursleys running out of their rooms in a rage. Harry peers at the figure, wand still raised to attack and heart pounding loud enough to hear. It definitely doesn't seem like anyone from the Order. Harry can't imagine they would send anyone he didn't recognize. He sucks in a breath to murmur the first curse that pops into his mind, when a strand of blonde hair falls across the stranger's forehead and the faint moonlight in the room casts shadows that twist around a sharp nose and mouth. Harry almost drops his wand. "Malfoy?" Harry exclaims, hardly managing to keep to a whisper. He doesn't lower his wand, instead taking a few steps back, as if the distance will help him in this tiny bedroom. Malfoy, on the other hand, seems to take that as an invitation and enters into the room, his pace cautious but surprisingly (or maybe not, knowing Malfoy) fluid. The moonlight from Harry's window hits Malfoy's face, illuminating a long cut from Malfoy's cheek that disappears behind his ear and several large purple bruises forming around his face. The sight takes Harry off guard and he just stares. They stand like that in silence for a long moment, a series of thoughts running through Harry's mind. On one hand, he wasn't really afraid of Malfoy. He never had been, had he? And after the scene on the tower, and the bathroom last year, well… didn't Harry at least feel for him, somewhere deep down? Somewhere that would at least allow Harry to give him a chance to explain what the flying fuck he was doing in Harry's bedroom, when hardly anyone, especially a bloody Death Eater, should be able to get in? Death Eater. The words remind Harry of everything that seemed to be wiped out of his mind at the disheveled sight of his childhood nemesis. And worse yet, the thought that this could very well be someone pretending to be Malfoy flickers through his mind, and he clenches his wand tighter. If it wasn't for the very serious conversation he had with both Mad-Eye and Mr. Weasley before leaving the train station, reminding him that getting caught doing anything he wasn't supposed to be doing as an underage wizard could give the no longer trustable Ministry an excuse to arrest him, Harry would have already cast a body bind curse at Malfoy. Or Not Malfoy, whichever it was. His eyes move around the black cloak, trying to make out where the figure could be hiding his wand, but Harry can't make out much shape. He clears his throat and takes a deep breath. "Malfoy," he whispers. His tone sounds more incredulous than he would have hoped. "What are you doing here?" Malfoy shifts and some dark expression Harry can't place passes over Malfoy's face. Malfoy seems to be working up the nerve to say something, his hands still at chest height and empty, but he remains silent. Harry finds he doesn't have the patience to wait it out. "Who was I with when we first met?" Harry says abruptly, thinking quickly. Surprise flickers in Malfoy's eyes, but he seems to catches on and Harry can almost hear his mind thinking fast. "Hagrid. In Diagon Alley," Malfoy says, and his voice sounds much wearier than Harry expected, and drier, but carries with it the familiar drawl Harry was expecting. Harry lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding. "I suppose you could have told someone else that," Harry reasons out loud, but he doesn't really believe Malfoy could be Not Malfoy. There's something in Harry's gut that tells him it is him, something similar to the feeling he would get when he'd see Malfoy again at school after the long summer, and one of them would throw out the first taunting words of the school year, waiting for the rise in the other. Harry lowers his wand a fraction. "But I'm going to assume that you didn't." Malfoy nods. Harry folds his arms slowly, his fingers clenching the wood of his wand into his palm. He feels bewildered and somehow more tired than before, as the adrenaline from the intrusion begins to ebb away. "You need to tell me what you're doing here," Harry says, and he wills his voice to stay even. He wonders if they weren't in the middle of a war, if he wasn't getting ready to hunt horcruxes, if Dumbledore hadn't just died, if he would be giving Malfoy a chance to explain himself. "Now." Harry expects a taunt in return, a or what, Potter or shove it , but nothing comes. Malfoy sighs and lowers his hands, wrapping his arms around himself in what seems to be a defensive stance, as though he's not convinced that Harry isn't going to curse him. Which is fair, because Harry isn't really sure of that himself. "I—" Draco begins, and then he stops. He presses his eyes shut for a moment before continuing. The gray irises open and stare unfocused at the floor. "I ran away from The Manor." Silence. A loud snore rips through the wall separating Harry's room from Dudley's. Malfoy startles ever so slightly at the noise. His eyes, however, are locked somewhere around Harry's kneecaps. It's unnerving. "You ran away from The Manor," Harry repeats slowly. He doesn't understand. "Your house?" "Yes, Potter, my house." Malfoy's words lack the bite that should accompany it. Harry doesn't know if he's crazy, but the lack of Malfoy's normal fight almost sets his more on edge than his unexpected appearance. "Oh. Okay." Harry blinks. Shifts his weight onto his other leg. "Because you were sick of being there, or—" Malfoy snorts. It's a humorless sound. "My mother wanted me to leave. Made me leave actually," Malfoy says suddenly, quickly, and Harry has a feeling that he's resigned himself to telling his story as quickly as possible, so that he can be done with it. "Slipped me a portkey to a park a few blocks down. Vol— the Dark Lord has been staying there." Harry's skin crawls. He knows that Malfoy is an annoying, spoiled brat, and a bully at that, but even he can't pretend that the last year or so wasn't hard on the blonde. He had watched Malfoy enough the past year, hadn't he? And after what he witnessed on the tower, Harry can't completely believe that Malfoy ever wanted that mark on his arm. Almost independent of his brain, Harry's eyes flick to Malfoy's left arm, despite knowing it's covered by the black sleeve.