The hot stale air of the forge was hard to suck down as Leo took another deep breath, swinging his hammer down on his next masterpiece. It was an Imperial Gold Blade with a handle of pure white ivory with a distinct lightning design on the pommel. Leo's arms had begun to feel tired after so much time attempting to perfect his work. His small but very well defined muscles all over his body ached as he took a quick breather from the work that had consumed him for two days straight. "Leo! Where are you? Why is it so hot in here? And ARE YOU DONE YET?" The sword that he was currently making was for his best friend Jason, or at least his closest human friend because he was pretty sure he can't count Festus. "OVER HEAR NEAR THE BACK", as she neared Leo began to put his shirt back on, usually working with it off due to the extreme heat and how he liked to admire his newly acquired muscles in the plenty of shined shields and armor around his workplace. Piper looked a bit more mature it being almost 2 years since the war, her kaleidoscope eyes twinkling as she saw Leo get stuck in his own shirt attempting to put it on. The closer she got Leo noticed that he was now several inches taller than her, time was kind he thought as she approached him. She looked at me and slightly smiled, "So have you finished Jason's sword yet? Him and Percy are gonna be sparring soon." "Got it right here Pipes just needs a few finishing touches" "It's amazing Leo, and it's not even finished!" Piper exclaimed as she laid her eyes upon the gold and white sword for the first time. "Can you hurry up a bit though Leo? Me and Jason have reservations with the rest of the group that we won't make it to if they finish sparring late." Frank and Hazel were visiting from Camp J,where they lived, and Annabeth had managed to corral Percy in long enough to move in with her and take college classes at the nearest community college until they were able to find something better. "Oh the gang is here?" "Yeah we wanted to throw a fun little couples night" Piper said with a smile not noticing the faint expression of loneliness Leo had accidentally let appear on his face before quickly straightening it out. Leo continued to finish off the sword, all the while thinking of how much has changed since the war. Finally Leo finished and handed the sword to Piper in a white leather scabbard,"Have one of the Hecate kids enchant it to transform into a coin or something later". As Leo turned his back to wipe his hands of residual grime he could hear Piper say a faint thanks as she ran out the forge excitedly. Leo looked down at the shadow his body cast against the sunlight leaking in through the open doorway left by Piper. "Have fun" - Leo flopped down on his bed looking at the ceiling of his personal room. He felt a weird tingle in his right forearm and moved to scratch the itch he felt but only met cold bronze. He had forgotten about that. The Apollo kids said it was phantom limb. During the Final Battle Leo had had his right arm crushed under Festus in one of their epic crashes. At the moment he thought nothing of it, he just threw some ambrosia in his mouth to ease the pain and took back to the air, throwing flaming tools off his dragon. Later on it was discovered that his arm was absolutely disfigured, the adrenaline making Leo not notice at the time. No magic or medicine could've saved it. It took him a while to actually register what he had lost. It was the little things, reaching for a tool but not being able to reach it. Tripping over a rock but not being able to use his arms to balance him as he teetered back and fourth. It took Nyssa discovering him on the floor of Bunker Nine with bottle of good ol' tequila in hand passed out with Leo murmuring cries in Spanish in his sleep for someone to actually do something for him. Nyssa noticed the pain he was in and decided to help him. She (along with the rest of Cabin Nine) worked together for a month straight creating the most advanced prosthetic to exist. The exterior was a simple sleek bronze design, it being Celestial Bronze but the interior was the interesting part. It was filled with all types of hidden functions that Leo still didn't quite understand since he was crying tears of happiness when his Cabin presented it to him and Nyssa explained all the ins and outs. Her kindness made it even tougher when she was killed by a rogue hellhound in the woods. Apparently she was trying to find Bunker Nine to get Leo to his bed for once when she got lost in the dark and a rogue hellhound jumped from the shadows and tore her throat in the split of a second. That was a hard time for Leo. As tears leaked down his face he moved his middle finger and ring finger down applying pressure to his palm resulting in a small crossbow popping out his arm and shooting a bolt at the roof. He laughed out loud, thinking "of course she put a freaking crossbow, she knew me so well" before the memories claimed him when he was forced to say knew. Leo put his face in his hands and let out a groan not looking forward to a night of nightmares and regrets. He had recently begun to feel tired all the time since he often skipped sleep for work but tonight he just felt so...empty. The nights had began to be Leo's dreaded time of day,even more than the times it was his turn to clean out the Pegasus stables. As the moon slowly descended he had a single thought before he let the nightmares take him again," Hope those guys are having fun." - He woke up the next morning in an absolute panic crying and gripping the sheets of his bed tightly in flaming hands. He had a nightmare watching Nyssa walk into the forest, he followed her begging her to stop but she wouldn't stop. She then began to scream in pain tears rolling down her face as she continued deeper into the forest. The scary part was how her face never showed any emotion. It was a dream he'd been having for awhile. She would walk no matter what Leo would do, he even tried to burn down a tree to block her path but she just walked through it. She would then stop at a small clearing and look around before staring at Leo. She would scream in fear at the blood red eyes popping out in the darkness. Then he wakes up. Leo hasn't been able to stop her, but he will. He let real Nyssa die but he wouldn't let dream Nyssa die to. As he collected his thoughts at waking up yet again to a nightmare he checked his tricked out "Team Leo" alarm clock Harley had gotten him for staying alive through the Giant War. It read a solid 5:32 A.M he groaned at the earliness because he usually can't go back to sleep after a nightmare. He took off the work clothes he slept in and put on a pair of sweats and an old Camp shirt he had laying around. Putting on his sweater and worn out sneakers Leo stepped out Cabin 9 with the cup of coffee he prepared with the coffeemaker he had installed shortly after he was named counselor. With his hood covering his wild curls he was able to walk around unnoticed by the slim percentage of early risers in Camp. As he took a walk around just taking in everything he stared at the forest with some parts fear and some parts regret. He went to the beach to sit and just admire the sun rise but when he got there he spotted his friends. Apparently they had gotten back late and all slept around the bonfire that they had had going on. The couples all slept cuddled together on different blankets, each couple having their own. "So they did have fun, good for them." thought Leo as he began to walk away. He spent the rest of his morning in Bunker Nine with Festus and Buford thinking of endless upgrades and listening to some Green Day that reminded him of Thalia, Jason's sister who had stopped by the camp several times to visit Jason in the past two years. The beginning of "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" was playing with Leo having a perfectly good self pity session before a knock alerted him. Checking his watch he noticed it was already 1, most of the campers being awake now. Opening the door an Apollo camper showed himself. Confused Leo asked him what he wanted, "The Romans are here to discuss a plan suggested by the Gods themselves and want ALL the Seven there." "Alright Stephen I'll be there just give me a bit" "Its in 20 minutes Leo be there" he said with a bit of finality before walking away from the entrance back to camp. As Leo moved to say bye to Festus he whispered to him "This better be interesting". /- As he walked to the amphitheater he felt kinda self conscious in his slummy looking grey sweats and ratty dark red sweater. He still had it zipped up due to the cold morning weather Bunker Nine's lack of a heater. You would think a human flamethrower wouldn't get hot but recently his fire hasn't been hot. Maybe it knows just how bad Leo's emotional state is and is working off of that. He never really understood his power. Ever since Nyssa Leo doesn't even feel like he has the gift, the only times his fire feels hot is after the nightmares... Maybe Hephaestus just decided Leo didn't deserve the gift anymore since he no longer deserved it. Leo wouldn't blame him if it was him and that was his reason, he was not a "great" son of his anymore. All he could take pride in is the fact that he was, he was once good enough for his father and his family before he let them down or more importantly, he let Nyssa down. If only he had slept in the cabin that night instead of the bunker. Maybe she would be alive and Leo's fire would return to him and he would stop feeling so damn cold inside. His chest ached as he thought about the pain he felt inside. It was always there now, sometimes not as bad but it never went away. He shook the thoughts out his mind, he took a look at the camp that had become his home, with friends he considered family. Recently it's been different, they started to treat Leo differently since Nyssa. Most weren't sure how to act since he lost his arm but since her death he's become a social outcast. No one had conversations with anymore without glancing at his arm every 10 seconds or giving him the looks of pity as if he was broken. Maybe he was. Hoping to distract himself Leo walked even quicker to the meeting Chiron has kept secret but he noticed some things strange. Remembering a few faces he knew what was up right away, smirking he said under his breath speeding his walk a bit,"The Romans are here". As Leo neared the amphitheater you could hear the commotion before you even saw it. The clamoring of almost a hundred teenagers in the stands all combined to create a restless atmosphere