Title:Luck and Skill are Different Rating: G They were walking down the hallway to the library of Imladris, talking in a brother-sisterly way. "Elladan, it has been quite a while since you last challenged Glorfindel to an archery contest," Arwen said, her sweet and melodious voice barely concealing her mirth. She knew that she had aroused a topic that would not die until her spirited brother had proved her wrong—or at least, try to, most of the time. She tried to muffle her laughter in vain when her brother made his next retort. "Arwen, are you trying yet again to make me the laughingstock of Imladris? But, you see, this time, it will not work. I have trained myself a lot harder than you think, and, plus, Glorfindel hasn't done anything besides lounging out in Imladris and forgetting his warrior talents for over centuries. I shall challenge him—and I shall triumph." The daughter of the Lady of Rivendell just barely escaped from a rather loud and unladylike snort—this was just like him—her brother—bragging about himself beating the sworn protector of Elrond again and again—yet he had hardly ever won and only attracted laughter from the spectators. Not only the folk of Imladris were present, but, somehow, somebody had managed to contact the other elven realms and had always told them about the oncoming match between the two elf-lords. The mysterious messenger had even managed to coax Lord Círdan to part with his beloved ships for a little while. No doubt, Legolas was always there; in fact, he and his father Thranduil (who came occasionally) were always the first to arrive. Mithrandír occasionally came. Also, of course, his daeradar and daernaneth, Celeborn and Galadriel, lord and lady of Lórien, would not miss a contest for anything unless it was urgent. With them came Haldir, the marchwarden of Lórien, and whenever he witnessed a contest with Glorfindel winning (which happened to be ninety-nine times out of every one hundred contests), he would purposefully strut around Rivendell with a satisfied smirk. Of course, he only did this when Elladan was present, but for no apparent reason. Whenever this happened, the same result always occurred: Elladan would often hurl at Haldir: "'Strutting around Imladris like a pig-head lord, that's right, I'm talking about you,'" in response to Haldir's feinted confused expressions. "'One day, I shall beat you first, then Glorfindel, but first, take—THIS!'" rushing to Haldir, he would try to pounce on the older and obviously more experienced elf, who would duck the onrush and, catching the young elf-lord mid-charge, flip him a complete 360 degrees and tickle him mercilessly. This was what sent Elladan screaming for mercy—his weakness was being ticklish, something that the rest of his family noted, especially his two siblings: his twin brother Elrohir and his sister Arwen, who was his junior by 111 years. He started reflecting over the happy memories… Then, suddenly, he was snapped back to the present by his sister, who was now using a mischievous voice and an expression which she concealed on her face, but only partly, because Elladan saw part of that expression and made a mental note to add it in his storage of what he called "The Arwen Expressions." "Muindor-nîn," she said, smirking (he could hardly ever recall of her smirking like that ), "are you completely sure that Glorfindel has just been sitting around these past few days? From what I am seeing, he has been practicing quite devotedly. Perhaps, he has been forewarned of the probable competition…" she trailed off, her smirk wiped off to be replaced by a coy look under her eyelashes. However, he was not to be flustered. He smiled in a charming way that made every elleth's heart melt—all except Arwen's—and answered in a tone that was just as beguiling as his smile. "And I supposed you were the one to tell him?" She shook her head no. "Then it must be Elrohir," Again, another denial. "Well, it's either one of you two. Or is it Erestor? Adar? Naneth? Or perhaps, was it Glorfindel himself who made up this unruly little game?" Arwen finally exploded with laughter. She had succeeded—Elladan had become flustered—she could tell that he had abandoned his calm demeanor and was caught off guard by nothing whatsoever. Elladan noticed whenever she laughed—or rather, cackled, like that—she had been holding in her laughter for quite a time. It was quite a wonder how she managed to keep it in for so long—he could never hold it in for more than thirty seconds. His younger sister, however, had decided she had revealed enough and decided to torment him with what he didn't know. She turned in the other direction and said: "Rest early, Danny. You will need all the concentration and strength your body offers you tomorrow. I, for one, will be there. And, I bet you that Glorfindel will beat you yet again. If you win, however, then I will do whatever you tell me to do. If you lose, then I shall force you to wear my most feminine dress and walk around Imladris showing everybody what you are wearing—for a day. Losto mae." She gave him one last smug grin and left. She did that on purpose! She new he hated being called Danny, and whenever she did so, his thoughts spun around helplessly in a great whirlwind and he was never able to get anything straight. However, this time, he kept his head clear and was planning his sweet revenge towards his sister… and for the rest of the day he fired arrows at various targets. The day was a perfect one for archery conditions. It was a clear morning, and there was no wind, so the arrows would not fly astray. The sun was dappling the ground with only warm sunlight. The archery targets had already been set up, and Elrond was there, accompanied by his wife, Celebrían, his advisor, Erestor, and Glorfindel himself, with his trusty bow and arrows that had been checked the night before to confirm that they were in perfect condition. Claiming her spot in the audience was Arwen, to be joined seconds later by her other brother, Elrohir. Minutes later an elf with golden-blonde hair and the green-and-brown colors of Greenwood sprang out of the trees, and he had a crown of laurel leaves and berries resting on his head. He produced two similar ones and presented them to the two children of Elrond who were eying him with identical grins on their faces. It was Legolas, and apparently, he had come alone this time. "So," he said, with an enticing smile that could have definitely been worthy of Elladan's, perhaps even more so, "What will it be this time? Maybe his ninety-ninth time of losing, in this one hundredth sequential contest?" He was supposing this because the last time he came Elladan had won, and of course, Legolas, being the stubborn elf he was, was always sure of himself that Elladan would win no more than once at every one hundred games. Besides that, he knew that the bow was Elrohir's preferred type of weapon. Elladan was much better with the sword—not that he could beat Glorfindel at that, either. After all, Glorfindel had been in Middle-Earth ever since the first age. Elrond could beat him—but only on occasion, and Elrond had fought more battles than his son had and probably ever will. So, concluding that Elladan would surely lose, the Thranduilion had also included himself to the bet, declaring to the firstborn of Elrond that if Glorfindel would, by a miraculous chance, win, then he, Legolas Thranduilion, would purposefully embarrass himself in front of the folk of Imladris and anyone else who had cared to come. Elladan had already been waiting for the competition ever since he had agreed to Legolas's bet. He brought his bow, a quiver of arrows strapped on his back, and a grim expression, though everyone could see that the corners of his mouth twitched every so often. He caught the eye of Glorfindel, who was grinning evilly, and the young son of Elrond noticed that his sire, his mother, and Erestor were all looking at him with amused smiles. He looked at the mighty Balrog-slayer one last time, then turned his attention to what his father was saying. "Attention, the contest between Lord Elladan and Lord Glorfindel is……." In his mind, Elladan was desperately thinking of a plan for this unprepared competition. No doubt, Glorfindel probably had devised his plan for days now, and was going to put it to work. Elladan had hardly thought of anything before the voice of his father floated into his mind… "…….And Lord Elladan is to start the first round. He will shoot five arrows. If three lands within a close range of the bulls-eye, then he will qualify for the next round. He will now stand fifty paces from the target." Elladan did so, and fired five arrows in rapid succession. All five managed to embed onto the board, but only three had managed to land anywhere near the target. The other two was quite a distance from the supposed goal. When it was Glorfindel's turn he stepped into the open, and nocked his arrow onto the bowstring and let fly before anyone had seen him draw the tight string back. It made its mark perfectly. The same happened with the other four arrows. Elladan was beginning to panic. If he shot like that, then he would have no chance of beating this elf that he was so determined to beat—and to prove his little sister wrong. And, he would have to wear one of her dresses! That thought was so unbearable that he focused his mind on the contest only, and again stepped out onto the field. This time, the requirements were that two of three arrows had to make it onto the board, and the contestant had to stand eighty paces from the target. By now, the young dark-haired elf began to fidget and felt panic rising in him quickly. Why was he so nervous? He had had nearly three thousand contests with Glorfindel, and all of them only aroused humor, but since when had panic kicked in? Arwen, Elrohir, and Legolas were cheering loudly, but for no one in particular. Elladan, after a brief glance at them, thought that they were cheering for Glorfindel. He looked at them for the longest time and wondered if any of the three would notice that he was shooting accusing glances at them for being traitors. Finally, Legolas was the first of the three to look at the elf of Imladris, and when he did, he found Elladan glaring at him heatedly. He did not return the stony look, but instead attempted at a lopsided grin which showed off his handsome features quite magnificently. Finally, when Elladan nocked his arrow onto the bowstring, he forced his hands to stop trembling, and after a few seconds, managed to steady them. He took aim, and pulled the string back slowly and deliberately so that everybody felt the tension of the string pulling along their shoulders too. Finally, what must have been an eternity, Elladan let fly. To his intense relief, the arrow flew true, and landed dead center. He sighed, and prayed that the next arrow would produce the same results. To his surprise, neither of the two arrows betrayed him. Now it was time to watch that crazy elf-lord. Glorfindel stepped out almost lazily, flashing his golden hair in the sun and smiling at his young competitor. He too, like Legolas, saw an elf who had slitted his eyes, which made him look rather like an elfling. He laughed to himself. After this contest was over and he had won, he would definitely point that out to Elladan how childish he looked when he squinted. In the space of two minutes, all three arrows' aim was true, and the crowd tensed as