WARNING: This story contains scenes of a sexual nature, including group sex, anal sex and incest. If any of these things bother you, you should turn back now. AN: Happy holidays friends. Hope you've all enjoyed this time of year. This story should have been out a few days ago, but I went away over Christmas and didn't have access to Internet that didn't cost a fortune, so it's a few days late, but considering my last Christmas didn't get out until January, I'd say this is an improve. Now with that out of the way, I hope you enjoy the story and feedback is always appreciated. DISCLAIMER: I DON'T OWN HARRY POTTER. Twas the night before Christmas and Harry Potter couldn't help the moan that escaped his mouth. Although, in his defence, he challenged any other man, or woman for that matter, to remain silent as Daphne Greengrass performed oral sex on them with her talented mouth. The room, their room in fact, was dead quiet, save for the odd moan he couldn't withhold and lewd sounds Daphne made as she sucked on his cock. And while the room wasn't well lit, the sole source of light coming from a bedside lamp, there was enough for Harry to see how sexy his girlfriend was, wearing a white spaghetti strap silk nightie that ended just below her gorgeous ass. Seeing her bending over, blowing him as he lay on her bed, was unbelievably hot as her nightie rode up and showed an unimpeached view of her fantastic legs. He weaved his fingers through her golden blonde hair, gently guiding her mouth on his cock. His eyes met hers, and far from looking annoyed at his ministration, she actually looked amused and he melted on the inside as she gave him her blow job smile, which was really just an incredibly sexy look with her eyes. It never failed to arouse him and this time was no exception. "Fuck Daphne," Harry groaned, knowing he wouldn't be able to hold off for much longer. "Imma… ah… gonna cum…" To his surprise, Daphne made no attempt to pull away. While he hardly needed to try hard to get Daphne to blow him, getting her to swallow his seed was something else altogether. She had said in the past that she hadn't minded his flavour, but didn't like it enough to go through the demeaning act of swallowing his cum and Harry didn't really care enough to go on about it. Besides, she usually allowed him to spray his load on her beautiful face or magnificent breasts, so he really had nothing to complain about. That said, her swallowing his essence was very arousing, and when it became clear that that was exactly what she intended to do, his willpower finally gave way. "Daphne… here it cums…" Harry moaned loudly, his seed filling his girlfriend's mouth. As if he hadn't even said anything, Daphne simply kept sucking, greedily accepting his essence. After the first few spurts, she began sucking hard, as if his manhood was a straw and his cum was one of the strawberry milkshakes that his usually composed girlfriend was obsessed with. When she realised that she's gotten everything he had to give, she pulled away, giving her boyfriend a sexy smirk, making it clear to him that she had swallowed his entire load. "Merry Christmas Harry," she said cheekily, returning his pyjama pants over his manhood. Harry gave a deep and contented sigh as she removed herself from his groin and instead lay on top of his body, enjoying how her silk covered breasts felt pressed against his naked chest. "As far as Christmas presents go, that was bloody fantastic," he said eagerly, earning a cute giggle from Daphne. If you had asked fourteen-year-old Harry that he would one day be dating and totally in love with a Slytherin, even if it was the hottest Slytherin in existence, he would have stared at you like you were insane. But a year after the Battle of Hogwarts, and he and Ginny having decided to not get back together and just remain friends, he met the beautiful blonde bombshell, the former Ice Queen of Slytherin house, Daphne Greengrass, when they were both training to be Aurors. As they worked together, they got to know each other better and Harry learned that not all Slytherin were sneering psychopaths hiding insidious plots behind cold smiles and double speak. Instead, they could be witty and sarcastic but caring and protective of what they held dear. And while Daphne learned that most Gryffindors were reckless and stubborn, they could also be charming and kind, not to mention great in the sack. They had been together for three years now, even after Daphne left the Aurors, having decided it wasn't for her, although she felt that the boyfriend she picked up from there definitely was. They both knew that they were forever, and that while they may not be ready for it at that moment in time, some day they would get married. Granted that would not be for some time yet. "That wasn't your Christmas present," she said, with an enigmatic smile, which usually either excited Harry or just made him nervous, sometimes both. "I have something much better in store for you tomorrow. You'll just have to wait until the morning." "For when we open presents with Astoria, right," he queried. Daphne's eighteen-year-old sister, Astoria, was currently spending the Christmas holiday with them. It was the first time the younger Greengrass had been in Britain since her graduation from Hogwarts since June the previous year, having spent her inheritance from their deceased parents travelling the world. She had returned for Christmas and to catch up with her older sister, who had chosen to save her share of the inheritance and work on her career. Still, despite their different approaches to life, Daphne was over the moon about having her sister stay with them, and was particularly excited about opening their presents in the morning wearing their pyjamas. Personally, Harry didn't quite get it, seeing as he always opened his Christmas presents in his pyjamas, but then he just figured this was a Greengrass family tradition with special memories that Daphne sought to recreate with her sister and boyfriend. And while he didn't have a lot of experience with these kind of things, it made Daphne happy, and that was something he always enjoyed, so he went along with it. "That's right," Daphne confirmed although the glint in her eye alerted Harry to the fact that something was up. "Relax Harry, I know we're all going to have lots of fun tomorrow." Harry knew she was plotting something, because his beautiful girlfriend was always plotting something. But her plots usually worked out well for him, so he wasn't going to question it. Besides, he doubted it was going to be anything major. With a final kiss against her lips, Harry waved his hand to turn off the lights, before bringing the blanket over them as Daphne's smooth legs intertwined themselves with his own. Getting themselves comfortable, they quickly drifted off to sleep, Harry idly wondering for the last time what tomorrow would bring. Early the next morning, it was a yawning Harry Potter that made his way to his flat's living room. Daphne had been gone from their bed when he got up, which was weird, because she absolutely hated getting up, and the earlier the hour, the worse her mood. But apparently, he had underestimated her excitement for the holiday, and thus he had awoken to an empty bed and cold sheets. Of course, there was still the matter of whatever Daphne was cooking up with her little tradition so Harry, while not in full blown paranoid Auror mode, was still a little wary about what awaited him in the living room. It didn't help that Daphne had also made off with his pyjama top and for good measure locked up the closet as well, meaning he was forced to walk around without a shirt. Sure, it'd be easy enough to break those charms on their closet, but he didn't think it was worth the trouble it'd cause. He was just thankful for the warming charms keeping their flat warm. He entered their living to find not a soul, only containing their sofa and armchairs and other assorted furniture that would be found in any other living room, and the Christmas tree that he and Daphne had set up earlier that month. Since they had set it up, they had spent many nights cuddling up to watch how the fire from the fireplace made the decorations sparkled, before making hot, passionate love in front of said fire. Speaking of which, Harry decided to get their fireplace going. Sure, they didn't really need the warmth because of the warming charms, but there was something nice about having a roaring fire going. He picked up a few logs and placed them in the fireplace, before pulling out his wand and setting the whole thing alit. "That looks inviting," came a young voice from behind him. Harry turned away from the raging fire he'd made to the voice, a voice he knew belonged to his girlfriend's sister, Astoria. However, when he caught sight of her he was stunned into cutting off his morning greeting. He was assuming that she was also doing the whole pyjama thing, because he really couldn't think of any other reason as to why she was wearing was she was wearing. She was wearing a tight, pale yellow t-shirt that looked like it had been too small for her six years ago, and a pair of black panties. And when she turned around to admire how the Christmas tree decorations caught the light of the fire, he choked when he saw that she was actually wearing a G-string and her firm ass cheeks were there for his viewing pleasure. Astoria turned around to face him again, and must have noticed his staring, because a sly smile soon graced her beautiful face. "See something you like Harry?" she asked flirtatiously, flicking her long dark hair behind her. He groaned at her words, knowing that he'd been caught. She had been flirting with him almost constantly since she walked through the door when she started staying with them and although he'd played off most of her attempts, didn't mean it wasn't embarrassing. It was a good thing that Daphne's usual jealousy when it came to overly flirtatious women didn't extend to her sister. If anything, his girlfriend usually got a good laugh out of it. "I'm not going to answer that," Harry merely grumbled in response to her teasing, knowing that any other answer was just going to make things worse. He sat down in his favourite armchair intending to admire the fire and ignore Astoria until either she stopped teasing him or Daphne arrived but it seemed his girlfriend's younger sister had other ideas. No sooner had his butt touched the chair than did he find his lap filled with an attractive eighteen-year-old. "Umm… what are you doing," he asked, slightly bewildered and very wary. "I'm sitting on your lap, silly," Astoria teased with a giggle as she turned her head to meet his gaze. "I thought Daphne said who were smart." "No, I realise you're in my lap," he said, ignoring the jab. "I just wanna know why. Just so I know what to tell Daphne when she finds her half naked sister in my lap." "Why?" Astoria repeated, with a same enigmatic smile that his girlfriend used often. "Because I want to fuck you." Her bluntness, and her statement itself, caught him completely off-guard. "Don't you want to fuck me," she asked, her face a picture of innocence betrayed by her words. She ground her tight rear against his pyjama covered crotch, and he cursed the involuntary reaction it caused. "It certainly feels like