"Are we there yet?" Nick King looked at the rear view mirror in the car, looking at his twelve year old daughter, Amber. He smiled before seeing a sign that read Forks was fifteen miles away. "Almost, Gem." Nick King was in his middle thirties, he had dark blonde hair and blue eyes. Marian King turned around to her daughter, smiling, "When we get there we can go for a walk in the woods, stretch our legs. How about it?" Marian was just a year younger than her husband, Nick. She had long, light blonde hair and honey brown eyes. Amber looked over to her mother and smiled, nodding softly, "Sounds good. I can bring my new camera." Amber King had just turned 12 a few days ago on April 12. She had wanted to go up to their vacation home in Forks so they took off for a weekend. Amber had shoulder length dirty blonde hair and warm brown eyes like her mother. Her facial features took more after her father with her natural arched eyebrows, full lips and almond shaped eyes. Nick looked down at the radio as Amber's favorite song came on. He grinned and turned up the dial before hearing a sharp gasp from his wife. Nick looked up quickly to see a deer just crossing into their lane. It turned and froze as it stared right at them. Nick quickly tried to swerve but the road was still wet from the recent storm. The car hydroplaned and slid across the other lane and into the guard rail, flipping over the ditch and landing upside down. Nick hadn't had his seat belt on at the time and was sent through the windshield upon impact with the guard rail. Marian had her seat belt on but when the car landed on its top it crushed her, snapping her neck. Both adults died instantly. Amber's seat belt was tight on her from locking earlier on in the trip. When the car flipped her head had slammed forwards, hitting the driver's seat in front of her before hitting back on her seat, her neck aching horribly from the whiplash. Amber slowly opened her eyes. The first thing she realized was she was upside down and the seat belt was digging into her shoulder from holding her against the seat. She looked up to where the front of the car was but she couldn't see her father. Her mother was there but she wasn't moving. Her head was at an awkward angle and there was blood beginning to pool underneath her head. Amber sniffled softly and tried to call out her name but all that came out was a strangled cry. She winced as even the effort to talk hurt her throat. She struggled for a bit before she heard a police siren approaching. She sniffled as she looked away from her mothers body. She didn't know where her father was but she hoped he was out already. A man bent down to look into the backseat where she was. He had short brown hair and brown eyes. He had a mustache and a bit of stubble around his jaw. He was wearing a cop's uniform from what Amber could see. "Hey there, are you alright?" Amber sniffled and shook her head, motioning to her throat as she mouthed no to him. The man frowned before he grabbed his radio, speaking into it, "We need backup, a child is trapped in the car." He looked up at her as dispatch told him the ambulances were only two minutes away. "See, they'll be here soon. I'm Chief Swan." Amber frowned and nodded softly before pointing to the driver's seat, trying to look curious. Chief Swan frowned and looked at the empty seat before back to her, just shaking his head. He found the body when he approached the vehicle. The man had landed on the pavement and hit his head upon impact. There wasn't a pulse when he checked him. He looked up when he heard the ambulance sirens, soon parking on the road. The chief smiled at the girl and gently held her hand, "We're going to get you out of here now." {X} Amber shot up from her bed and gasped as she looked around. She slowly began to calm down when she realized it all had just been a nightmare. It had been four year since the accident but she still got the occasional nightmare.. She looked around the room and smiled softly. Charlie really did go all out to make sure she was comfortable in her new room. It had changed slightly over the years she had lived with him but it's still as beautiful. Charlie and Amber painted her walls a coffee brown color. The carpet was already a light tan color so it worked well together. Amber put up some of her favorite paintings and posters about books and their movies. There was a dream catcher that Charlie's friend, Billy, gave her for her birthday one year. There were a few photos of her parents, one of Amber and her parents when she was little, a couple of Amber and Charlie, finally there was a frame on her nightstand that had Amber and Bella smiling up at the camera. Amber looked at the time on the clock and yawned as she stretched, it was time to get ready for school. Amber got up and dug through her closet before putting on a black and gray plaid shirt over a black undershirt. She pulled on some jeans and slipped on her combat boots. "Amber, breakfast is ready!" Amber turned when she heard Charlie call out. She quickly brushed her hair and pinned half of it back. She grabbed her bag, slipping her phone into her pocket. She sat her bag by the door before walking into the kitchen to see Charlie placing a piece of toast on both of their plates. Amber walked up to him and gently hugged him from the side before sitting down. Charlie smiled at her as he sat down, sipping at his coffee, "Morning Amber." Amber smiled and ate quietly. When she finished she took both their plates and sat them in the sink, looking at her watch. She gently tapped Charlie on the shoulder, pointing to her watch. Charlie looked over, sipping at his coffee before getting up and setting the cup in the sink, running water in it. "Alright kiddo, let's get going." He smiled before grabbing his keys and walking outside to his police car. Amber smiled and grabbed her bag, locking the door behind her. She walked over to her car, a birthday present from Charlie and half from her late parents. They has used some of the money she collected from them and insurance. It was a black 2003 Jeep Wrangler Sport. Charlie wanted her to be able to get home from her hiking trips okay so a tough vehicle was necessary. Amber looked over at him, half in her car and half still standing on the carport. Charlie looked up at her and smiled, "Are you going to go hiking again today?" Amber shrugged as she looked up at the sky. It might rain and she didn't mind the mud but she was just wanting a good run for once. She looked back at him and tilted her head at him, signing that he needed to be careful. Charlie nodded softly, patting the roof of his car, "You too, have a good day at school!" Amber watched as Charlie got in his car before she got in hers. She buckled herself in and turned the radio up a little. She backed up and waited on Charlie to back out as well. Amber watched as he drove ahead of her, following behind him. For about ten minutes she drove behind him before taking a right to her high school. She drove for about two more minutes before pulling into the school's parking lot. The parking lot was almost full now but no one liked to park near her, being the chief's daughter had a couple of perks. Amber grabbed her bag from the back and slipped out, locking the door behind her. She turned to see a silver Jeep pull in, parking two spaces down from her. She tilted her head as she saw a young woman step out, someone she had never seen before. Amber turned around and walked into the school, she didn't like when people stared at her so she wouldn't stare at others either. {X} Amber looked up from writing down notes in her notebook when the teacher paused. Her first period teacher, Mr. Adam, was a middle age man with black hair and brown eyes. He always wore a colorful button up shirt and slacks every day, rain or shine. He was one of her favorites though, he taught literature. He always made the class fun and explained everything in a way they all understood. Mr. Adam turned to the door as two new students walked in, one of them being the woman Amber saw earlier. The woman was a little under average height. She had dark brown hair, light golden eyes and was very beautiful. The man beside her was quite tall with curly, honey blonde hair and honey like eyes. Amber heard the whispers going on about them and felt bad for them, not too long ago that was her, though the kids were meaner to her then.. "Oh yes. Class, these are our new students Alice and Jasper. Please make them feel welcome.." He scanned the class before shrugging, "You may sit wherever you like, you can get the notes from someone at the end of class." He turned around and continued going over his power point. Amber watched as Alice sat down at a table in the back, beside hers. Jasper sat beside Alice, the furthest from Amber. Amber saw Alice smile at her, waving slightly from her desk. Amber smiled and waved slightly back before going back to writing down notes. Amber soon heard the bell ring and sighed softly as she put her stuff up, grabbing her bag. She saw Alice walk over to her, stopping a comfortable distance from her. Alice smiled at her and grinned, holding out her hand, "Hello, I'm Alice Cullen. What classes do you have after this?" Amber saw Jasper staying back but still watching them quietly. She turned to Alice and held up a finger, signaling to wait. She grabbed her calendar out of her bag, turning to where her schedule was taped to the back page. She held it out to Alice, smiling softly. Alice thanked her as she held her calendar, comparing it to her and Jasper's schedules. She hummed softly. They had the next class together, history. Jasper and Amber had math as well as study hall together. Alice smiled up at her and gave her back her calendar, "We have the next class together...?" Amber smiled softly, happy she had a class with her before she frowned. She gently held out her calendar to the front where her name was written in sharpie. Alice read it, acting like it was the first time she saw her name, "Amber.. Okay. Nice to meet you Amber!" Amber smiled and motioned to Jasper, tilting her head. Did he know where his class was? She didn't mind to show him. Alice turned to him, "Jasper has biology next, with Mrs. Reynolds." Amber bounced on her heel slightly, she had that class but for third period. She pointed down the hallway and to the left. She watched as Jasper smiled tightly before leaving quickly. Alice turned to her, taking her hand and walking down the hallway to their next class, "Sorry. Jasper just takes a while to warm up to people.." Amber nodded as she watched the people staring at them. She sighed before smiling at Alice, receiving a happy