At Morannon I got myself wounded again – a nice cut to the head which almost cost me an ear, a slash across the stomach and a hole in a calf. My helmet was nicely holed through – no worth other than as a souvenir. I missed all the fireworks caused by the destruction of the Ring as I was out cold in a puddle of blood. With my menses included – naturally ... I was almost healed when we got back to Minas Tirith in April. I had regained my strength during the festivities at Cormallen. Eowyn and I made peace and formed the "ladies in trousers club" – she worked to improve my equestrian skills and to expand my fencing beyond the basic block and thrust technique. After having been subject to mobbing from Aragorn (mild) down to washing women (harsh) not to wear trousers, not to mention of doing so in public, I compromised over the issue. I took to wearing a knee length loose dress and baggy pants underneath. If it was good enough for Pakistan then Gondor society must live with it - so fuck off! While waiting for Aragorn's wedding I was shanghaied into ladylike activities involving needles. So I sat in the solar and sewed patches onto garments and focused on the task, trying to follow the conversation between the local highborn ladies plus Eowyn and some Rohirrim aristocrats in town for the coronation. The ladies decided to involve me in conversation and asked about my travels. I was not sure I'd manage and was not certain which part to recount. One of the Rohirric biddies asked about how I got to Edoras. I began in my simple Westron, starting with the breaking of the fellowship. I skipped some embarrassing moments of weakness of a certain fellowship member, of course. My mind wandered to the harsh beauty of the Wold, of the rolling steppe and the blue, oh how very blue sky ... A good thing it was sunny, even if damn cold. As we were afraid to keep a fire going all night I shamelessly snuggled back to back with the Prince- Steward. The second night he made a boob-grab – in his sleep, he claimed, but I gave him a good elbow in the face for it nonetheless. Not that there was much there to grab. The next morning, the Riders sent by Eomer in accordance with Aragorn's plea ran into us before we got going. This very nicely pointed out how weak and thus inattentive we were. I was so relived to see the Riders that I barely paid heed to their prattle, especially as their Westron seemed to be as bad as mine. They kept on repeating something about the cloak and being happy to see us and something about happy life. Probably telling us that we had been smart to keep warm under a cloak in this sunny yet cold weather ... Of course being warm made life happier! I crawled out from beneath Boromir's cloak and ... " ... and we very tired. We sleep very strong. Night very cold, no cloud. No fire, we afraid of orcs. We share blanket and sleep under Lord Boromir cloak too. Then Riders come and say something about happy life ... " The Eorlingas gasped or just looked at me agape. Some of the Gondorians were murmuring about something or other being "not proper" – a term I had heard often repeated by Sam. - What ... what did you just say?" - "We very tired. We sleep very strong. We not wake up when Riders come ". - "But before that, how did you say were you sleeping?" - "Under Lord Boromir cloak." The Mark's representation in the solar looked at me with wide eyes, while I thought I heard something about "reputation" – or rather the lack of one - from the locals. And excited high speed exchanges in Rohirric. I hadn't a clue what the Rohirrim girls were getting worked up about. Was it THAT bad? Would I get chased out of town for impropriety and licentious use of cloaks and blankets? - What we do bad? Very cold. Me cold, him cold. Together warm. Eowyn, the senior ranked lady of the Mark present broke the silence: - "Lady Olga, by the Laws and Customs of the Mark you and the Lord Steward Boromir are married ... " - "WHAT!?" Little did we know that an almost identical conversation was taking place in the stables two hundred paces away between the blokes. Boromir, who had become very chummy with the Rohirrim during his stay at Dunharow and later during the ride to Minas Tirith, was deepening his bond with the Horse lords. That day's chosen activity was group horse scrubbing. Or brushing. Or whatever the correct term is. By pure chance he was telling them his side of the very same story. His manly roar of "WHAT" could be heard all over the sixth level. ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() We both took legal counsel on the "marriage by cloak" from the best sources available – the King of the Riddermark and his sister, currently the Heir. By wrapping me in his cloak Boromir apparently declared to the world that he considers me to be the bee's knees and that he would cherish and defend me forevermore. And give me babies, too. Duly confirmed by three witnesses. All in itself kind of cute in itself but why me ? - "You could chose not to marry Olga Aleksdottir, as neither of you is from the Riddermark", the Mark's Supreme Court of Appeal made a ruling on the intricacies of Rohirric Law seated upon a turned up bucket, his eyes and voice hardening. – "But that'd make you a cross between a Dunlander turd and orc piss in the eyes of all Eorlingas. Forget about setting foot in the Mark ever again. Unless you were dying nobody would give you nor shelter nor fire nor water. And still then it's a maybe. And it would place me before a terrible dilemma – to break my sister's heart or let her marry the brother of man who had shown his "quality" to be equal to festering troll droppings. The only thing preventing your marriage to her is a previous, existing betrothal or marriage – but you still come across as a scumbag. I don't even know what the weregild on such Breach of Promise is – it is that rare." ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() Olga was drawn aside by Eowyn and the other women from Rohan who explained the seriousness of her situation. And that they thought it to be wonderful. The discussion also meandered a bit. – But why do you look so unhappy? After Eomer King the Lord Steward Boromir is the best match a girl could make. All these unwed women from Gondor would rip you apart if they could. - Not, it is not possible to retract the betrothal by Cloak. Unthinkable. - Yes, the local bitches are giving our Princess the nasty eye. - It may hurt a bit the first time. But later it will be wonderful. – Olga, you aren't .. weren't spoken for or married in that world of yours? If you were, it would make you look very, very bad ... . - If you soak the tripe in brine overnight ... - ... his beard brushing against my thighs ... - I understand, tears of happiness. Over the end of your carefree days as a maiden. I bawled for weeks. Now you'll assume the mantle and tasks of a married woman ... - It will be awful, but over time you'll get used to it. But the children are worth it. - Now remember, to be fully wed you have to sleep together and be found under his cloak in the morning. There must be three witnesses ... - The children hate prunes. I use raisins instead, with ... - It's terrible. Knock yourself out. You bleed like a slaughtered pig but it hurts less. - At the wedding feast don't let him drink ale. Give him mead – he'll be more alert, if you know what I mean ... - Pig knuckles are a safe bet. Everybody loves pig knuckles in honey ... - Unless you do want him completely sloshed, that is. I remember Aefled adding brandy to her husband's mead ... - Green is boring. I bought yellow for my wedding dress ... - ... and in the morning you have to be naked under the cloak, both of you. . ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() . Boromir pondered his unexpected betrothal and – by the looks of it - imminent marriage. He sighed. He was confused. He had never considered marriage. Not with the Shadow's victory just around the corner. How could he marry if ever since he was 16 years he had been fighting a defensive battle, year by year making the enemy pay the most for any gained ground. But still that was ground lost to Gondor – miles and miles each year. How could he marry, have a wife and make plans for the future? How could he have children whose future would be death before maturity or slavery under the Enemy? Drinking with his fellow soldiers and dalliances with prostitutes was almost all his social life. He spent as little time at court as possible, one year managing not to make any appearance at all, he recalled the accomplishment with amusement. Although he was supposed to marry he felt that his father shared his gloomy outlook and never seriously hounded him over his unmarried state. All this had changed due the heroism of the Little Ones. Suddenly there was a future to look to. The lack of a war was disquieting. He had never spent so much time – over a month! in Minas Tirith at one sojourn. He was deluged by invitations to balls and parties, to visit country lodges for repose or hunting. And he was chased by women. Or had them thrown at him by their parents. Pretty, nubile women. He did not know them and he did not know how to know them. And he felt he did not care to know them. They seemed to be from a different world. Ina certain way he even pitied them. He understood very well than men's and women's worlds were somewhat different, but between the girls who were throwing themselves or were being thrown at him and himself there was an abyss. He did not care at all about what they wanted to talk about. After squealing what a hero he was they did not care, they did not wish to know anything about him. Or at least the things he cared about. About what had been his everyday life. His fight to protect people like them. He felt and experienced an ever growing pressure to marry. After it became known that Aragorn was taken, Faramir too – and by outsiders, at that! He was the juiciest bachelor in the two kingdoms. And now this ridiculous cloak marriage business. He thought about Olga. She was different than all those other girls. And it was not about her definitely being not pretty, not by anybody's yardstick. He had to admit his not very nice first impression of her in Imladris was that she must be some local peasant serving woman. He smiled at the memory. The tiny slip of a thing had asked him to teach her to fight. And baffled him by rarely wearing a dress. And she had kept on baffling him by asking him questions, in her atrocious Westron, about taxes. Or laws. Or what grows where and where is it sold. Besides her natural interest in a world she claimed was not her own, she was interested in many things only a statesman would think about. She had told him she helped parents run a shop. Her