Disclaimer: All characters are property of Stephanie Meyer... The plot is mine! This is just a one-shot that I attempted to try. I am a better FF reader than a writer but it was FUN and that's what counts! BIG THANK YOU to brownidgrl for all of your support and putting up with me through this. EPOV Flashback: 15 years ago... (Gunfire) "What's happening?" "Son, go down to the cellar and do not move until I come get you!" (Sounds of a little girl crying) "Daddy, please... I'm scared! Where's mom?" "Dammit Edward! GET OUT OF HERE!" Present Day... "Hello?" "Hey man, what's up?" "Emmett? Why do you always call so fucking early?" "Awe, come on Ed-man... today's your 21st birthday... me, you, and Jazz are going to hit the golf course and then P-A-R-T-Y at Club Volturi. Your dad is going to get us in VIP before the night is over man." "Yeah, sounds great but I'm not sure about this club... It's work Em... It just happens to be my birthday." "It'll be fine man. You don't have to do anything you don't wanna do. You can just watch if you want. Besides, your dad will be there too... you might not want to be getting busy with him around, if you know what I mean?" "Fuck off Emmett... I'm hanging up now!" "See ya in a few!" As soon as the call ended, my head was full of thoughts about tonight. I've known Emmett and Jasper for years. They were both in foster care for most of their lives. I met them when I was 14 at a local charity fundraiser that my parents were attending. My mother fell in love with both of them on the spot and they ended up moving in with us until they turned 18. Now they live on their own and I'm still at home. They are not only my best friends but work for my father, Carlisle Cullen - vigilante and one of Seattle's well known BDSM Dom's. I haven't participated in the BDSM lifestyle. My father got into it about 15 years ago while going "undercover"... trying to gain the trust of BDSM club owner, Aro Volturi. It turns out my father enjoyed the lifestyle and my mother apparently is a "natural submissive". They are both active members. My grandparents on my mother's side left our family all their assets when they died, so we have never had to worry about money as they were very well off. We are going to Club Volturi tonight under the guise of my birthday celebration. This is my first time entering this club. The BDSM lifestyle never really called out to me, and until now, I had no reason to go. My father wants us to get to know the workers there, as when he visits, he is always in VIP and always under Aro's watch. We are looking for a girl who my father calls Miss B. It's been rumored that Aro has forced girls to work in his club, whether it be for past debts or blackmail of some kind. My father says that this Miss B chick is an innocent that is probably under Aro's hand out of fear for her father's life. I have worked for my father since I was 18. The jobs aren't really all that dangerous. I carry a gun on me but I've never had to fire it. When the police seem to hit dead ends on cases, we come in. My father has been dealing with a contact through the police department in Forks, Washington for many years. He has never actually met the man but they were connected through another person years ago. I don't know much else about him as my father keeps a lot of their interactions private, but we do owe a lot to the man. He has covered up our tracks and vouched for us on more than one occasion when we were breaking an entering or breaking the law to try and track down people. We just refer to the man as Mr. C. Flashback: 6 years ago… " Dad, can you show me how to use a gun?" " You know the rules Edward… not until you're 18." " Awe, come on… please? It's my birthday! I told Emmett and Jasper that I knew how to shoot." " Son… handling a gun is not something to take lightly. Trying to show off in front of people is what is going to get you killed." " I know that dad. I'm not a little boy anymore… I'm a man." (Smiling) "I know son… I know." " Why is mom always babysitting that kid and how come I never get to see them?" " You see your mom a lot Edward. She is just helping out a friend who is having a rough time." Present Day… "Come on Eddie… you're golfing is sucking ass today!" "Shut the fuck up Emmett!" "Leave him alone Em… he's an old man now." "Jasper… I'm younger than you by 6 months, dumbass!" "That's all in the mind Edward. I have a younger soul man." "You been smoking those herbs again Jazz?" "Actually, yes… I scored some off James last night." "Dude, that James is one shady fuck. You shouldn't be dealing with him." "I know he's shady but he scores some awesome junk man." As we approached the 18th hole, we started talking about tonight. "So Edward, what's the deal on this Miss B chick? Jazz and I really have no details." Emmett said. "All I know is that she's a chick with long brown hair and brown eyes that my father calls Miss B… yet at the club she could be under any name." I replied. "That's it? Won't a bunch of chicks in that joint have that description?" Emmett said. "It is what it is Emmett. It must be an important job for Carlisle to let us actually enter the club. He usually wants us as far away from Aro Volturi as possible." Jasper said. "I agree… Let's just make sure we have clear heads for tonight... OK Jazz?" I replied. "Yeah, yeah, yeah… geez man… this stuff will be worn off by then." Jasper said. Flashback: 2 years ago… " Happy birthday son!" " Thanks mom." " You have grown into such a good man. Your father and I are so proud of you. Do you have any plans for your big day? Are you and the boys going to go out and try to find some ladies?" " Oh my gosh, mother!" " Oh Edward… I just don't understand why I never get to meet any of your nice lady friends." " I just haven't met any nice ones yet that are good enough to bring home." " Well, I know we raised you right. I'm sure the right one will come along… probably when you least expect it." " Love you mom." " Love you too son." Present Day… "Hey guys… help yourself to the fridge… I'm gonna go hop in the shower before we head out to the club." I said. "Sweet!" Emmett and Jasper both replied. "Em… that doesn't mean to empty it… just grab a bite… I'll be back soon. Watch him Jazz!" I said. "Aye aye boss!" Emmett said. As I reached the top of the stairs, I could hear my parents talking in a whispered conversation. I stopped at my father's office door to listen. " Don't worry Esme. Everything will be fine. He's not going to find out. We have taken a lot of precautions to make sure that never happens." " Oh Carlisle… I'm just so worried. Something seems off. I think it's time we tell him." " Okay Es… I promise to tell him after this Volturi case is over." (Sniffling) "Okay Carlisle… but if you don't tell him after that, I will. He deserves to know about her." What the fuck? I slowly moved away from the door and made it to my bedroom. Yes, I'm now 21 years old and still living at home. Due to the kind of work I'm involved in, my mother felt it necessary as a stipulation that I live at home as a safety measure. She tried to convince Em and Jazz to live here as well, but they really wanted to have a place of their own… a place where they could entertain the ladies if they wanted to and not be under the eyes of my parents. Lucky fucks! Even though my mother doesn't participate in our "work", she still rules the house. What were my parents hiding? Who "deserves to know about her?" Who is her? I suspect that this involves me somehow and that makes me feel on edge. I just have to get through this case and then I'll confront them about it. I decided to put it on the back burner and hop in the shower. It would soon be time to hit the club. Flashback: 1 year ago… " In honor of Ed-man's birthday… may the next 20 years get you plenty of pussy!" " Geez Emmett, thanks!" " Hey, no problem man. Let's go find us some ladies." " Where's Jazz?" " Well Ed-man, our Jazzy is over there with that pixie-looking chick, probably laying on the charm… and holy shit… fuck me sideways… that blonde chick over there is smoking hot!" " Where?" " Over there to the left of Jazz . Oh wait… that brunette is in the way. Hey… there are some sexy chicks here tonight. Thank goodness for fake I.D.'s. We may just score man." The brunette turned around and looked directly at me. It was only for a few seconds, but there was something about her that drew me in. Present Day… (Pounding on the door) "Hey man… what ya doing in there? Ya rubbing one out?" Emmett said. "Go away Em… I'll be out in a few!" I replied. "Hey, no problem Ed-man… take your time… I know it's been awhile. Just letting ya know that me and Jazz are going to go shower quick too." Emmett said. "Aweeeee… how sweet. Are you going to wash each other's hair?" I replied. "Ya think Jazz would wash my back?" Emmett said laughing. "Fuck off Em… and tell Jazz to use the guest bath. My mom doesn't need his shaggy hair in her shower. You can use my parent's bath." I replied. "Okay… see ya soon!" Emmett said walking away. After getting showered and dressed, I went downstairs to meet up with the guys. Em and Jazz were already all showered and down there with my father who was already talking to them about the plans for tonight. "Oh good Edward, you're here. I was just telling Emmett and Jasper that you won't be able to carry any weapons on you tonight. The club has a no weapon policy." Carlisle said. "A no weapon policy? It's a BDSM club. That place is full of stuff that would qualify as weapons." I replied. (Emmett and Jasper laughed) "It's nothing to take lightly son. Aro's security are all armed. I don't expect this situation to be finalized tonight. Your goal is to find Miss B. Once we know she is there and alive, we will formulate a plan to get her out of there. This will probably involve several visits to this club." Carlisle said. "You haven't really given us much to work with dad. Long brown hair and brown eyes? You also said she may be using another name and if she's there to protect her father, than she probably won't be giving out info very easily." I said. "I realize this son. Unfortunately, I only have the info given to me. Her father hasn't seen her in almost 3 months. My contact was able to connect her disappearance with Aro's men, but he's being so tight-lipped about it, I have