A/N: This story is a re-write of the Harry Potter and The Magical Heritage. Some chapters will be quite similar with the old ones but some others will be completely new. A poll is waiting for you in my profile regarding this story and it will be open until the 17 th of August. Please let me know what you think. Disclaimer: Unfortunately, I don't own anything. I am just a girl with a big imagination. Contrary to common belief or to what Hermione Granger thought, Harry Potter was not an idiot or stupid. Oh, no. Quite the opposite. He just learnt to disguise his talents when he was young, because it got him into trouble with the Dursleys. He still remembered the day he brought his first report card to his Aunt. It had straight A's. He got a week in the cupboard for cheating. So, he didn't bother with his grades again. Unfortunately, he kept in place that policy at Hogwarts, because he didn't want to be shunned by Ron or displease Hermione. He was willing to do everything to keep his only friends. But the past year taught him a lot of things. One of them was that he had more friends than he thought. Neville, Ginny, Fred and George had helped and supported him all year from behind the scenes, even when his best friend shunned him and accused him. It also taught him that it was high time to get his act together and embrace his Slytherin side. And that's exactly what he did. The day after they were sent home, Harry woke up bright and early. He was the only one awake in the house, so he took advantage of that. He made himself a nice breakfast and took some food supplies up to his room. He wasn't going to starve this summer. Then he had a long shower and got dressed. He put on the only fitting cloths he owned, a pair of jeans and a Puddlemere United T-shirt he had gotten for Christmas. He grabbed his schoolbag and put his vault key, money bag and some money he stole the night before from Dudley. It's not like Dudley earned it, or anything. He stole that money from his parents and kids. He grabbed his wand and invisibility cloak and left his room. On his way out, he grabbed a spare set of keys and left a note saying that he was with his godfather for the day. He wrapped his cloak around him and left Privet Dive. He walked a few blocks and then summoned the Knight Bus. This time he didn't give any name to Stan. He sat quietly trying to stay put during the trip, making a metal to do list. They finally reached the Leaky Cauldron and Harry moved quickly on the back to open the Entrance to the Diagon Alley. He opened it and walked straight to the Bank. The place was empty. Well, it was seven thirty in the morning, so that was expected, right? Even if the Bank was open 24/7 for some reason. Shaking his head, he walked to the closest teller. "Good morning. I would like to speak with an account manager about my vault, please." He said politely. "Name?" the goblin asked. "Harry Potter." He replied automatically. "Mr. Potter! Follow me, please. I'll take you to your manager." The goblin said and hopped off his seat. And he moved fast. Even for someone his size. They walked through three doors and two corridors, then climbed two flights of stairs and passed some more corridors and doors. Finally, the goblin stopped outside a big oak door. He knocked and when he got a replied he opened the door. "Clofag, Mr. Potter is here to see you." The goblin announced. Hearing this, Clofag snapped his head towards them. A split second later, he barked some orders in another language and the other goblin rushed out. "Mr. Potter, please have a seat. I've been waiting for you." "I'm sorry. I didn't know I was supposed to come." Harry said. "Mr. Dumbledore never told you that you were to come on your 14th birthday?" "No. I just wanted to learn a bit more about my vault. That's why I'm here." He explained. "Vault? Then I suppose, you truly don't know about your heritage." "I-I don't think so." "Very well." The goblin sighed. "I will tell you everything I know about the Potter Family and then we will discuss your heritage further. Is that agreeable?" "Yes, thank you." Harry nodded eagerly. "Your family is one of the oldest families in the magical world. It was established a few centuries before Hogwarts was built. At first, they made cookware. That's how the name Potter was created. Through the years, not only your ancestors spent money wisely, but also made very good investments. Thus, your family become one of the richest ones. Due to its age, it is also an Ancient and Most Noble House and you are the Head. It is like Muggle Lordship. According to the Ancient Laws you should have claimed Lordship on your 14th birthday." He explained. Harry stared at the goblin. So, he was rich. Very rich. That would explain several of Ron's comments. Because Ron knew that his family was a very old one and therefore rich, so he couldn't understand why Harry wore rugs that were five sizes bigger. Or why he is so surprised when he gets presents at Christmas. But Harry didn't know. He didn't know he was rich. When he found out about his vault, he vowed to be careful and not spend the money, so it could last him until he got a job. Also, it would explain Ron's bitterness, especially the past year. Ron was jealous about Harry's wealth, but Harry would give everything away if it meant that he could have his parents back. Every single knut. "It is time you claim your birth right and lead the Potter Family. But before you claim the Lordship, you need to drop some blood on this parchment." Clofag told him and gave him a dagger. He didn't really have to think about it. It was his Family duty. Something his Family did. Taking a deep breath, he cut his palm and let the blood drop, until the wound healed. Looking at the results, the goblin said, "Since the day you defeated the Dark Lord, several witches and wizards have included you in their will. Also, there are several vaults you can claim as the closest relative of the deceased. Should I give you the necessary forms?" Harry sighed. He wished people would stop thinking that he was the one responsible for Voldemort's defeat. He really did not do anything. His mother was the one who should take the credit. Her and his father. They gave up their lives for him. He was going to claim everything he could, though. Better him than some Death Eater who would finance Voldemort. "Yes, please. Is there a way to get a list of what I own, when we are done?" Harry said. "Yes, of course. It is customary to be given an audit of your vaults and Estate after a meeting with your account manager. If you want for a fee, we can send you a monthly update of your accounts as well. I will give you a pamphlet to see all our services. Maybe you will find something that interests you." the goblin told him. "thank you, Clofag. That would be very useful." Harry said sincerely. Nodding, the goblin gave him a stack of papers. "Now, write your full name here and your signature here. Repeat for every parchment." The goblin instructed and Harry got to work. He signed no less than 83 forms. His hand began cramping by the time he was done. There was a knock on the door, a few seconds after Harry put down the quill. "Come in" he said and a teller walked through the door. He approached Clofag and gave him a box. They talked quickly in the same language as before and then the teller left. "Mr. Potter, for you to claim Lordship of the House of Potter, you need to put on the Potter Ring. When you do this, a few things will happen. At first your body will change into that of a lord, matching your family's standards. Any blocks on your magic will be lifted as well as any other ill intended spell, like tracking spells. Also, the day of your sixteenth birthday you will become emancipated. Until then, I would suggest you choose an adult to act as your guardian. I would suggest Mr. Black." "Sirius?" He asked surprised. How did he know? "Yes, and if you see him tell him that he should come by and claim his birth right. Or better yet, give him this and when he is ready he can come to sort out his affairs." The goblin gave him a black wooden box with complicated carvings. "I will tell him." Harry assured him and took the box, wonder how in Merlin's name the goblins seemed to know everything. "One more thing. You cannot access the Potter and the Peverell Family Vaults without your guardian's permission. But you have full access to the other vaults. Are you ready?" "I am." "You need to place a drop of your blood on the ring and then put it on." Clofag opened the ornate box the teller had brought and placed it in front of Harry along with the dagger he had used earlier. The ring was simple yet handsome. It was made of platinum and had a very expensive looking rectangular sapphire on it. Underneath the stone, Harry could clearly see the Potter crest, engraved on the metal. "When you are ready, put it on your left middle finger." Clofag instructed. Harry looked at the ring once more. He took the dagger and made a small cut on his forefinger. He pressed in on the crest and when it sparkled, he put it on. He felt a wave of magic running through his veins. Then darkness enveloped him. Opening his eyes, Harry realized that he was in an unfamiliar place. However, before he had time to panic, someone spoke. "Ah, you are awake." Clofag commented and Harry remembered where he was. "How are you feeling?" "I feel like I had a go with a Hippogriff." He groaned. "Understandable. Your body has changed quite a bit." "Oh. Do you have a mirror?" he couldn't wait to see what the ring had done to him. "Behind you." Harry nodded his thanks and got up. When he looked at the mirror, he gasped. He could barely recognize himself. He was very tall, at 6'4'' according to the measurement of the mirror. His shoulders were broader and his body well-toned. His face had masculine edges and his facial hair had grown, too. His was longer, falling a few inches past his shoulders. And he could feel his magic flowing through him, along with his Family magic. He could tell that it was centuries old magic. It felt good. And somehow his clothing had grown with him. "Would you like to look at one of our service pamphlets until we put together the list with your assets?" Clofag asked. "Yes, I would like that." So, Harry was given the pamphlet and began reading it carefully. The goblins could provide some useful things. As he read, he made a mental list of things he wanted or was curious about. The goblins could cash cards, check books, glamour crystals, portkeys, wards, books, muggle papers, muggle papers and safe chests among other things. "What is a glamour crystal?" "It's a crystal that when you wear it, it makes you look different. It is a very safe way for, say a wanted man to walk around without being recognized. Only goblins can see through it and it