Dior Rob Contest Title: Unchained Melody Summary: A misunderstanding and broken trust send Jasper running. Edward knows he overreacted, but will that realization come too late? "A long, lonely time" Slash Pairing: Edward/Jasper Rating: M Prompt used: #20, #42, and #44 Why? Why did I let him go? I can't believe I just let four years walk right out the door, and I didn't even fight for him. What's wrong with me? Thinking about him, I can't help but remember the day we met. The day my world shifted on its axis and my priorities all changed. I had just moved back to Seattle after graduating from Dartmouth, and I was walking around the neighborhood near my apartment trying to familiarize myself with my new surroundings. I found a great deal on the open loft space, and I decided to look for things to fill it. I wandered into his music store planning to find a small keyboard that would tide me over, but instead I found so much more than I was looking for. ~oOo~ The atmosphere of the store instantly set me at ease. There were band posters from every decade and every style of music one could think of. I smiled appreciatively as I took in the eclectic design, and found myself drawn to an old upright piano tucked into the back corner. The dark wood was imposing, yet it held an air of kinship that almost commanded me to play it. I found myself testing chords, and with a wry glance at the Righteous Brothers poster hanging to my left, I began to play the familiar melody. I felt someone watching but soon lost myself in my playing. I missed a few notes when his honeyed voice chimed in on the chorus, "Oh, my love, my darlin', I've hungered for your touch." My cock twitched in my jeans when he practically growled the word hunger. I dropped my hands and turned to see the most beautiful man I had ever laid eyes on. His long blonde curls were even messier than my normal disarray, and his blue eyes twinkled with mischief and desire. "Hey there, I'm Jasper Whitlock." ~oOo~ After that day, we were inseparable. We fit into each other's lives like missing puzzle pieces. His store was right around the block from my apartment, and he lived in a small loft space just above it. We had a whirlwind romance, going out on our first date the night after we met. He teased me mercilessly that night, claiming he was too much of a gentleman to put out on a first date, but we did pretty much everything else we could apart from sex. He played my body like he played his guitar- confidently, sensually, and just like I liked it. I open my eyes and see that dawn has broken, and for once it looks like it's not cloudy. The diffused morning light spills over my shoulder and I wonder how he stands it each morning. Yes, I admit to lying on his side of the bed in a pathetic attempt to feel closer to him. I realize he must block the sun from my face when it makes its rare appearance. Thoughts of Jasper and morning bring my lonely cock to life; it doesn't know he's gone. I glance at the white sheets, still rumpled from our last tryst, holding both our scents, mingled and mixed as they always should be. As I turn my head and press my nose to his pillow, my hand moves of its own volition down to the bottom of my wrinkled t-shirt to hover over the button of my favorite jeans. I close my eyes as my fingers brush the sensitive skin of my lower stomach, brushing through the light trail of hair that Jasper always plays with. With my eyes closed and his scent surrounding me, I can almost imagine that it's his hands touching me, as he has so many times before. ~oOo~ "What do you want, baby? You want my hands on you? Touching your cock like this?" He's teasing me now, sliding those long, calloused fingers down my happy trail, working me up even more than I already was. We left the movies early because he couldn't keep his hands off me, and I wasn't doing much better. It was our anniversary, one year since the day we met and began our relationship. Since we never could agree when we actually became a couple, we decided we would count from the moment our eyes met. Jasper joked that he loved me from the first time he saw my ass on that piano bench. We had been together a month when I worked up the nerve to ask him to move in with me, and he asked what took me so long. He surprised me by showing up with a moving truck, but I had to sit down when I saw what was inside it. Along with Jasper's clothes, and more shoes and boots than any man has a right to own, gay or not, was something just for me. A huge framed painting was leaned up against the back of my piano. "I told you I want you to play for me- naked," he purred in my ear. "I know exactly where it should go." It took most of the day, but my piano was finally in its place of honor, right next to our bed. Jasper made a big show of moving his pillow over until he had the perfect view from his side of the bed. We passed many peaceful evenings with me playing and him writing. Of course, we also had many more interesting evenings where my playing was done in the nude and as a teasing form of foreplay. Jasper's hand on my cock brought me back to the present, and I realized he had already unbuttoned my jeans and slipped them off, all without my notice. He was grinning at me from between my legs, those gorgeous blue eyes of his dark with lust. "You payin' attention now, Eddie?" he grinned, his rough hand slowly fisting my cock. I shivered in desire as his mouth engulfed me- ~oOo~ "Fuck! Jasper!" As I empty into my hand I realize that Jasper still isn't here. My fantasy was so real I didn't even notice my own soft hand was in Jasper's place. I sit up slowly, breath heaving as I try to calm myself after my intense release. I use my shirt to clean myself up and decide I have to get out of this apartment. He left, and he clearly isn't coming home, and I just might lose my mind if I sit here waiting for him. Standing slowly, I toss my shirt in the hamper and look around for something else to wear. A piece of black fabric catches my eye from under the edge of the bed, and I bend over to see one of Jasper's t-shirts wadded up on the floor. Bringing it to my nose, I inhale the scent of his cologne and Jasper. I pull on the shirt and finally find the shoes I kicked off last night when we got home. They are my black shiny dress shoes that I wore to that stupid charity dinner that ruined everything. I'd rather put on my sneakers, but I don't think I can bear to see our closet- his closet- just yet. I know he packed a bag, but I don't want to see what's missing. I sit on the end of the bed, propping my feet on the low platform to tie my shoes. I lower my head to rest on my arms when I look at our bed. When I first moved in, all I had was a mattress on the floor. Jasper and I went shopping, and I swear we looked at every furniture store in the city before we found this one. The dark wood of the platform complements my piano, and my mom bought us curtains to match our white bedding for the huge windows behind the bed. We found so many uses for the low platform and mattress; our knees had a lot of miles on them. Thinking of my mom reminds me of Jasper's momma, the only family he has contact with anymore. I wonder if he has called her already to tell her that he left me. ~oOo~ "Tell me about your childhood, Jas. I know you don't like to talk about it, but I need some kind of background before your mother gets here," I ran my fingers through his hair, trying to soothe him as I broached the difficult subject he loves to avoid. I know bits and pieces, but he's never told me specifically about his life growing up in Texas. Jasper sighed, glancing up at me from where his head was cradled in my lap. He curled around me further and his hand began to trace circles on my thigh, occasionally slipping under the edge of my black boxer briefs. "I didn't grow up with your parents, that's for sure. Sometimes I don't think you realize just how good you had things, Eddie. Not every parent is as accepting as Carlisle and Esme," he sighed again, sad eyes catching mine once more. "I was so scared of my father that I wouldn't even look at another guy until I came up here for college. "Growing up, I heard every slur my dad could think of whenever someone homosexual dared to cross his path. I'm sure there are people down there who aren't quite as bigoted as he is, but I basically had it ingrained in my head my entire life that no son of his would ever like another man. "I had a steady girlfriend in high school, but I only dated her because my friends all pushed her on me. Maria was... well, I don't like to admit it, but she was abusive. She constantly talked down to me and she would hit me a lot as well. When I told her I was moving here to attend U-Dub, she pulled a baseball bat on me and ended up breaking two of my ribs and giving me a concussion. Peter wanted me to press charges, but that would never happen." I already knew some of this, but he had never gone into that much detail before. I found myself wanting to send Alice to Texas to sic her on the psychotic little bitch. Maria better hope I never meet her in person. "Peter was my best friend growing up, and when we moved to Washington he told me he had to confess something. He told me he was gay, and had no intention of hiding in the closet when we started school. "We ended up experimenting with each other, sort of a friends with benefits thing, but it was never really romantic between us. We just leaned on each other, played wingman when we went to clubs, and watched each other's backs. "When my parents came up for graduation, they could instantly see the changes in Peter. He's a bit flamboyant, you see. Dad started in with the homophobic insults and for some reason I finally snapped. I told him that anything he said to Peter he was saying to me as well. "He backhanded me, disowned me, told me he no longer had a son, pretty much what I expected," his voice was sad, and I wrapped my arms around my love, pulling him closer to me. "Momma has called me and sent me letters a few times, but this is the first time she's come to see me. She said she won't let Dad push her around anymore, but I guess we'll see when she gets here." I held him while he cried, then helped him clean up in the shower before we needed to drive to the airport. He