Dior Rob Contest Title: Her Name Was Lola Summary: Isabella Swan: Rising star in the erotic publishing industry. One night will change everything. An intimate gathering for rising stars in her publishing firm becomes so much more than just networking but a thrilling evening of desire and seduction. An entry for the Dior Rob Contest. Pairing: Edward & Bella Rating: NC-17/M Prompt used: Pictures #37 / #46 / #48 HER NAME WAS LOLA… A/N: I decided to make Lauren Mallory someone we all could actually like (… and probably want to be)! Hold on to your hats… BPOV "If only you were more like your brotha ! Why couldn't you just have a regular job like everyone else?" "Please don't compare me to Liam! We are like day and night." "Trust me, I know." "Ma, look, as you've told me all my life, I'm not like everyone else. Besides, I have a regular job. I go to work every day just like everyone else." "I mean a job that requires you to dress professionally." "Hey, whenever I have meetings I'm very professional." "You wear pajamas." " Ma, " I warned her. "I'm doing very well for myself right now. I want to be a writer- I am a writer. This is my life. I'm a grown woman." " Oy vey ," she muttered as she continued to go on about something else. " Grown woman, she says! " "I have to go, Ma. I have to get ready for a function." Without skipping a beat, my wonderful mother, who was never one for hesitation as she always voiced whatever was on her mind, asked, "Are you heading off to one of those sex clubs?" " Ma !" I honestly could not believe her sometimes. "It's a function for my publishing company, okay? Geez!" "Don't you take that tone with me, young lady!" "Sorry," I apologized and sighed. "Anyway, I have to go now. I'll call you later, okay?" "Alright, that's fine. Love you, baby girl." "Love you, too, Ma." I ended the call, tossed the phone on the bed, and took another deep breath. I hoped that someday my mother would see that everything I went through was for reason and most definitely worth it. However, for now, I knew I'd just had to wait patiently for her to come around. In the short time I had been in the industry, there was a small significant of success and public notoriety. Isabella Swan, erotic author. That's me. Writer of the hot and the dirty. Tantalizing and delicious smut with a little story on the side. There's no need to be shy when I could happily admit that I am paid to write porn. Porn for women… with the addition of a few men mixed in there somewhere. Tacky to some, but it is true; writing had always been my passion and I have always loved every minute of it. I am damn proud of my work and of the life that I happily live! Tonight would be an extraordinary evening. I had been a bundle of nerves, excitement and anxiousness all rolled into one. I would be meeting the big wigs of my publishing company over cocktails and … my publishing company. It was still all so fresh and surreal to me. Only signed a few months ago, the plans of action were finally rolling and moving quickly. My iCal was overloaded and practically double-booked with scheduled meetings, panels, and dinners. I had no reason to be bored in the coming months, only extremely overwhelmed! This dinner would be a great opportunity and it would behoove me to use my time wisely and network with these new connections. x x x 1 new text message from: Rose Rosalie Hale, my business manager, is a woman of brains and brawn, and completely full of balls, if I might add. The pencil pusher and the check writer who has always made my job so much easier and so much more enjoyable than having to do it all myself. I trust her with my life. She had been such an asset to my career; I owe her everything,even if she generally gets on my ever-loving nerves! Let's just say that she's very particular , in other words, she's extremely bossy. It's her way or no long as she gets the job done and isn't a bitch one hundred percent of the time, especially to me, that's all I couldever ask for. R: Hope UR on UR way? I rolled my eyes and groaned. Man, doubt much? Geez… B: Yes, I'm on my way! Chill, woman! R: K, just checking! Text me when U R here. B: K! As I was placing my cellphone in my clutch, it began to ring. Looking down at the display screen, it read: Alice Whitlock calling. I rolled my eyes, between Rose and Alice always acting like mother hens, I knew I would most definitely be late and not on my own account. "Hi, Alice. I'm running late so I can't talk very long. What's up?" Grabbing my lip-gloss from the bathroom counter, I applied a generous amount while checking out my reflection in the mirror and smacked my lips together. "You're running late? Oh, no! This is bad. This is soooo bad! You can't be late to this!" "I know. That's why I can't talk very long."I took one last look in the mirror, gave my hair a once-over, and decided I was ready to go. "Did you need something?" "So, what are you wearing?" I playfully gasped and tried not to laugh. "You pervert!" "I'm serious! Are you wearing the black suit?" "Yes, well, I'm wearing the black Dior jacket with a black beaded skirt and a white silk cami." "Um… excuse me, but, what's the point of spending hundreds on a designer suit and not wearing it like it should be worn?" The jacket went with a matching pair of pants and coordinating shoes according to Alice. "It was too… matchy-matchy. I didn't like it." "Well, at least be able to tell people who you're wearing in case they ask." "They'll actually ask?" "You never know. You should always be prepared! Fashion is key, woman!" She paused for a moment and continued. "Anyway, I also just wanted to make sure you made it to the dinner on time, but apparently I should have shown up and taken you myself!" "Hey, I'm doing just fine. I'm on my way." "You're still at home, aren't you?" "I'm on my way," I grumbled. "On your way, leaving your house?" "Yes, fine... Okay?" I replied with a snarky attitude as I locked my door behind me. "Well, I'm already here so I'll start working the room. Just get here as soon as you can, alright?" "Sounds like a plan to me." She quickly ended the call without a goodbye. That's Alice for you. Quirky, neurotic but dear, sweet Alice. I owed her my life; she made things so much easier and simpler. She cleaned up my hypothetical mess and made everything better, more media worthy. She was everything to me: assistant, publicist, stylist, and so much more. Most importantly, because of all this, she became my friend. It's always good to have a friend or two in your professional corner looking out for your best interest. I was lucky enough to have people like Alice and Rosalie on my side. x x x I couldn't believe it. If the damn cabbie didn't hurry up, I knew he would make me twice as late as I already was. Having already started on the wrong foot by being late, I knew I wouldn't be making the best of impressions. I paid the cabbie quickly, grabbed my clutch and wrap, and hurried to the main entrance of the hotel. Since it was later in the evening, the night crowd had started to fade and most of the patrons had gone home. I checked in at the front desk, a large marble counter with accent lamps hanging over. A middle-aged man in a business suit and silver-plated nametag greeted me. "Good evening, Miss. How may I assist you?" "I'm here for the Twilight Publishing dinner." I pulled the white matte invitation from my clutch and showed it to him. He briefly glanced at it and looked down at his planner. "Oh, yes. Your name please?" "I believe you may have it under Lauren Mal-" Oh crap. "No, uh, I mean, Isabella Swan." I had to remind myself constantly that I needed to get better at introducing myself professionally! Born Lauren Isabella Mallory, I'm better known as Lola or Lo to my it came time to choose a penname, it was relatively easy when I went with my middle name instead of Lola. An old family nickname inspired my last night. As a small child, I took ballet lessons, where instead of filling the role as dance student; I ended up becoming the victim instead. A victim meaning, I wasn't very good at it and always wound up hurting myself or someone one way or another. I truly wish it were because I was a graceful dancer, but I digress. It definitely taught Jessica Stanley about standing too closely to me during our bar exercises. Prima ballerina, I was not! The concierge gave me directions to where the elevators were located and instructed me how to find the ballroom. Walking over to towards the elevator bay, I pressed the button to call the elevator and the lift came in a few moments. Stepping in, I reached for the button and gasped as a hand stuck its way in between the doors, stopping it and pulling them back open. My eyes followed from the strong hand to the firm body of the debonair man on the other side. He crossed over and acted as if what he did was no big deal as the doors began to close again. He was tall, lean, and dressed to the nines in probably some big name fashion designer's suit, black, with a crisp white shirt. While I didn't know my designer labels, I knew the difference between department store and designer. As we stood side by side, I felt as if he was staring at me. I looked out of the corner of my eye and saw that he was. I turned to him and smiled. He averted his attention straight ahead once again. "What's your name?" His voice was thick like honey and raspy from whiskey or bourbon. "What's yours?" "I asked first." "Lola." He snickered, turned to face me as his eyes lit up mischievously, "Are you a showgirl, by chance?" I rolled my eyes at him. So predictable. Never heard that one before. "Don't be such an ass." He let out a hearty laugh and replied cockily, "I don't have to try too hard." He ran his right hand through his hair and tugged at it before he put both hands in his jacket pockets. "That's for sure," I muttered as I shook my head, folded my arms, and impatiently waited for the elevator to get to my floor already. "Now your turn." "Oh, it's my turn now?" "Yes, you get to tell me what you want and then I get to do what I want." "Oh, so that's how it works?" "Yes." "Interesting. But you haven't even told me your name yet." "Masen." "Hello, Masen." "Hello," he replied. "So, tell me, Lola. What do you want?" My eyes beamed with intrigue to see how far this could go. The mere thought of him following through made my heart race. "Anything?" "Anything at all. Your heart's desire." "So, if I said I wanted to have crazy, wild, unadulterated sex right here right now, what would be your response to that?" As he let out a hearty laugh, his laugh lines showed through, and his eyes lit up with mysterious desire. "Wow." His cheeks hollowed as