Dior Rob Contest Title: My Naughty Girl Summary: Edward Cullen is the new Assistant District Attorney in Seattle. Charlie Swan, recently elected District Attorney, is an old family friend. Charlie heard from his daughter, who was away at boarding school. She missed her dad, and wanted to come back home for her senior year. Whole story in Edwards POV. Returning home, she heads to her dad's office, where she is surprised to see her childhood crush, Edward. Isabella has no idea what's she's getting herself into, and Edward shows no mercy when it comes to Isabella. He lets her know right away what he wants, how he wants it. Will Edward submerge Isabella into his secret lifestyle? And how will Charlie react? Pairing: Edward Cullen and Bella Swan Rating: M Prompt used: Dior Rob Contest pictures prompts: #37 #10 I was happy that I was finally going to be working in the Seattle District Attorney's office. Though I would miss Boston, I needed a change. After my failed relationship with Tanya Denali, I needed a fresh start. Tanya was my girlfriend; we met in college and moved in together during our junior year. We met at a frat party; she was one of those women who was as full of herself as I was. She had long blond hair, legs that went on for miles, and a body that just wouldn't quit. We actually got along pretty well in the beginning, both of us were ambitious and conceited. I have never had any problems getting a woman into my bed. I have a good build, green eyes, and sex hair the women love to get their hands on. I thought I had the world by the tail until I came home one day and found her in bed with my best friend, Paul. He'd made it known he wanted her, so I guess I wasn't completely shocked, but my pride couldn't stand a cheating girlfriend, so I told her to pack her bags. She refused to move, trying to insist that as a couple, we would be unstoppable. So, when I got a call from Charlie Swan saying he needed my help, I jumped on it. Tanya would have to ride someone else's coattails. Good luck with that, Paul! As I packed my belongings, I had to listen to Tanya yapping at me, trying to save our relationship. "I'm so sorry, Edward! He came on to me, not the other way around...I…" I angrily replied, "Tanya, just shut the hell up. I don't care who made the first move; you can fuck whoever you want. You weren't that good anyway." I growled. She looked at me, shocked, and began to chuck plates at my head. Dodging flying objects, I headed to our room to finish packing. I guess she decided her tantrum wasn't getting her anywhere, and she left the apartment in a huff. "Bitch!" I muttered to myself, and continued my packing. Charlie was friends with my dad, Carlisle. My dad worked as head of emergency medicine at Seattle General, and my mom, Esme, was an interior decorator and worked from home. They often had dinner together, so when Charlie heard from my dad one evening that I needed a fresh start, he was quick to lend a hand. Charlie had just been elected District Attorney in Seattle, and was busy getting his office up and running. He was looking to fill positions in his office, and needed me to take up some of the workload. I rented out an apartment online, hoping it was as nice in person as it looked in the pictures. Once my plane touched down and I had my baggage in hand, I went to meet my realtor to pick up the keys. Once inside, I set my briefcase down on the kitchen counter and took a look around. It was a nice place but it needed some furniture. So I called my mom and asked for help, knowing she would have the place decorated in no time. The next day I set out to meet with Charlie at his office. I stepped off the elevator and walked up to the receptionist's desk. She was a cute brunette who was busy on the phone; she held up her finger asking me to wait a moment. I nodded. Once she was off the phone she asked, "May I help you?" in a flirty tone, batting her lashes at me. I leaned in, read her name tag, and replied, "I'm here to see Charlie Swan, Mrs. Stanley." She winked and said, "Actually, I'm single, so its only Ms. My name is Jessica." Flashing my crooked smile, I replied, "Hello, I'm Edward Cullen, and I'm the new Assistant District Attorney." She got up and came around the desk to stand close to me and said, "Right this way, Edward." As she walked toward a door with Charlie Swan on the nameplate, I checked out her ass. Not bad, I told myself. She opened the door for me, leaving her body in the way, so I had to brush up against her as I went in. She winked at me on her way out the door. Charlie looked up and acknowledged me as he finished on a phone call. "Okay, Mr. Volturi. No problem. Let me get back to you." He hung up the phone and smiled at me as he stood up. "It's so good to see you again, Edward. It's been a long time." he said, shaking my hand. I'd left Seattle to go to college and hadn't been back, except for visits to my parents on holidays and summer breaks. My sister left to attend boarding school, but we kept in touch through email. "Yeah," I said, nodding, "It has been a long time. How's the family?" I asked. Charlie married his high school sweetheart, Renee, and they had one daughter, Isabella. I think she was eighteen now, but I hadn't seen her in years. "Oh, they're fine. Renee has been working as your mom's assistant, and Isabella's been in boarding school. She just came home to finish out her senior year. She's almost eighteen, I still can't believe it." Charlie added, shaking his head. "Come on, let me show you around." he said as he directed me out of his office. As soon as we left his office, I heard some girls giggling. When I looked at the receptionist's desk, I saw my sister, Alice, and another girl I didn't recognize. And that other girl was exquisite, to say the least. She had long brown hair that had a bit of a wave to it, and her face was pale with rose colored lips. And damn, did she ever have a figure on her, with perky breasts and curvy hips. Fuck me, she was gorgeous! Charlie started walking toward them; I wondered what my sister was doing here. "Isabella? What are you doing here?" he asked in a fatherly tone. Wait, what? That's Isabella? Holy fuck! I hadn't seen her since that one summer... She answered quietly, "Dad, I need some money for the mall. Alice and I want to do some shopping." I kept staring at Isabella; I couldn't take my eyes off of her. My dick was stirring just looking at her. However, my sister pulled me out of my daze. "Hey big brother, how's your first day of work?" she asked, smiling at me. I looked at Alice and said, "It's going well. Charlie was just about to show me around." Then I turned my eyes toward Isabella. Alice said, "Where are my manners? This is my friend, Isabella. Isabella, this is my older brother, Edward. He left home when he was 18 to go to college." Isabella's eyes met mine, they were a lovely shade of brown. Damn, those chocolate pools were just inviting me in. She said quietly, "Hello, Edward, nice to see you again. It's been a long time." She shook my hand, and when we touched, a jolt of electricity flowed through us. She must have felt it too, because I heard her breath hitch. I said in a friendly but flirty tone, "Isabella, it's nice to see you again, too." I gave her the crooked smile the ladies love, and she blushed instantly. Oh, how I wanted to know just how far that blush went. Charlie cut in saying, "Here you go, Bella. Try not to spend too much, sweetie. Alice, I know how much you love shopping, but please be gentle. Okay?" As he spoke, Isabella and I stole glances at each other. I drug my tongue across my lower lip and her eyes followed along. Yeah, baby, you want my tongue in your mouth, don't you? You want my lips on yours, tasting that little bit of blood you drew from biting your lower lip. "Isabella," her dad said, getting her attention. "Did you hear what I said?" His words pulled her out of her lusty haze. I smirked, knowing she was lusting after me already. That girl will be putty in my hands before long. "Huh? Oh yeah, Dad, I heard you." she said, shyly looking away from me. Alice chimed in saying, "Don't worry, Charlie, we'll be good." As Charlie and I started walking away, I leaned in toward Isabella and whispered, "I know deep down you're just a naughty girl, aren't you, Isabella?" She gasped and looked at me; I winked at her and continued walking away. I saw my sister having to tug on Isabella, trying to steer her toward the elevator, all the while Isabella kept her eyes on mine. Charlie told me after the girls left that he there was a gala coming up, where he would introduce the new members of his team, including me. The week went by quickly with Charlie showing me the ropes. Every night when I went home, I would jack off in the shower, thinking of all the things I wanted to do with Isabella. Before I knew it, It was the night of the dinner gala. I went home to take a shower and get ready for the dinner. In the shower I kept thinking about all the ways I wanted Isabella. Most of all, I wanted her in my playroom. I wanted to see how she would look on my St. Andrews Cross with her wrists and ankles bound. Her creamy thighs would look amazing against the burgundy wood. I got hard just thinking about it. I would tease her along the way by fingering her, thrusting my fingers in and out of her wet pussy while her juices dripped onto the wood. Maybe I would punish her for making a mess. Then I'd lick off my fingers...I just knew she'd taste incredible. It would be even better to taste right from the source, my tongue lapping up all she had to offer. Then I'd bite down on her clit, making her beg me for relief. I rubbed on my cock, images of Isabella flooding my mind. I came hard, yelling out her name. I got out of the shower, shaved, brushed my teeth, and put on my grey Armani suit. I left my hair in its usual disheveled mess; the ladies loved it that way. I grabbed my keys, the ones that belonged to my Aston Martin, and walked to my private garage. God, I loved this car. Being able to fuck Bella across the hood would make me love it even more. I pressed on the remote to turn off the alarm and climbed inside. I turned the key and the engine roared to life. I pulled out of the garage, spinning the wheels. I pulled up to the valet and tossed my keys to the attendant. There were quite a few people entering the building; many of them were beautiful women trying to get my attention. There was only one woman I wanted: Isabella. I walked to