Dior Rob Contest Title: Diamond in the Flesh Summary: "Maybe, I don't really know what your preference is, but maybe sitting on someone else's roof is therapeutic for you?" He barked a laugh, short and uneasy, before he shook his head. The small smile that graced his face was more reminiscent of the beauty captured in the glossy pages of that gossip magazine. "No, not sitting on someone else roof, just … just sitting on yours." Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: T Prompt(s) used: 13; 17; 54 Diamond in the Flesh PART I The overhead light reflects a pool of dark, shimmering silk on the checkered tile of the bathroom floor. The sweet smell of jasmine, lavender and pine contrast the deadly aroma of a burnt out cigarette in the crystal ashtray at the farthest corner of the white and gold streaked marble countertop. Toenails glisten with the angry color of blood, one of her feet rests near a porcelain claw, her toes tensed and crème foot arched. His dimmed emeralds glare past the window at the brightly lit silhouettes of buildings that yearned to stroke the edge of the sky, staring for so long that the buildings blur into a fuzzy cluster of lights in the dark blanket of night. He stares as though it's those very same cliffs of concrete that had decided to do him wrong. The tears that fall down her cheeks don't mirror the emptiness in her hetero chromic eyes. One a steely silver—the other an icy blue. Her Givenchy dress rides up her thighs, revealing a five finger handprint engraved by a passion that evaporated the second she opened her careless, plum stained lips that impulsively revealed that they belonged to another man. She's not sorry she cheated on him. She's sorry she got caught. Her other foot rests gingerly on the edge of the bathtub, the closest part of her body to a soul pushed so far away. Her gunmetal coated fingernails grip the edge of the toilet seat, and she blinks a few more tears out of her lids. He sits, unmoving, in the empty bathtub, still in his Gucci tuxedo and loosened tie. He tries not listen to her uncaring, steady breaths. He tries not to see the stiletto-red foot a few inches away from him. He tries not to feel the searing pain that blurs his eyes and rips his once soulful heart into a now painful two. … Her radiant face was framed by the waning warmth of a sun that was dipping slowly behind the shadows of the concrete buildings that jutted imperfectly into the sky. Her hair swept the monochromatic pillow, catching the last, desperate tendrils of sunlight that set her light, golden hair ablaze. His finger rose of its own accord to remove a stray lock that had unintentionally obstructed his view of her unreasonable perfection. Her coral lips curved upwards at his touch, making him smile as his finger capered down the contours of her cheek. "Perfect," he murmured breathlessly, hypnotized as he closed in on her lips. The fire tasted like sugar-free chewing gum and lightly salted popcorn, smelled like eye-watering Coco Mademoiselle and lavender, and it burned through every single corner built into his six foot two body. It made him smile against her lips, made his fingers dig into the flesh of her hips as he pulled her closer … closer … never close enough. He rolled over her, gripping a leg and hitching it onto his hip before his lips found the spot behind her ear. Her breathy, airy-lace giggles filled the room, bouncing off the floor-to-ceiling windows, being absorbed into his growing heart. He knew heloved her, there was no doubt about it. "Edward …" she purred, and he bit his tongue from shouting a grateful prayer to the heavens. "Edward." This time a little more demanding. "Mhm?" "Stop." A pause, feeling the question rising between the breaths he was trying to slow. "I have a meeting to go to, remember?" Nothing came to the forefront of his mind, but he had no choice but to roll off of her. With each millimeter the fire drained out of him, only to be replaced by nothing but a distinct feeling that cratered a tiny, almost insignificant hole into his heart. The room lost its color, absorbing the comforting darkness of night. His eyes remained glued to the ceiling, arms dangling over the side of the California King. As usual, she asked if he would be alright for dinner, knowing he survived the past month without her. As always, she kissed him goodbye and reminded him she would be late. Typically, she didn't bother to apologize. … "Shit!" His head hit the doorframe, but his lips continued their frantic tempo against hers. Heat radiated from her every pore, and his trembling hands roamed over her whole body, only a thin layer of silk barring him from her smooth skin, engulfing him in a constant strain. They broke off for air, necessary air, and he hastily led her to the middle of the room where their bed stood ready. They fell into it, and immediately her mouth found his. Her hands clumsily scrambled for his tie. His hand dragged the hem of the dress up her leg. Her nails dug into his shoulders, eyes bulging as his warm hand pressed into her inner thigh, grazing and teasing, just as his lips nibbled at the little dip behind her ear. A euphoric scream was stuck in her throat, but she recovered after a few drunken kisses. "Laurent …" she shuddered, tightening her grip, a mere second before Edward stiffened. … Something is suffocating him, squeezing the air out of his lungs. It's as though liquid orange blossom, Turkish rose and vanilla is gushing into every single alveoli, taking the oxygen that he's meant to breathe—his last lifeline. He heaves in a large breath, blinking away the tears that had gathered on his lids. She still sits there, pathetic tears dried and foot still leaning on the bathtub, invading his territory. His jaw clenches and tight eyes stare into multi-colored nonchalance. Without thought, he shoves away her foot, not hearing it smack onto the tile floor. He lifts himself out of the tub, letting the silk tile fall to the floor. His hands run through his hair, eyes roam the room for something—anything. He doesn't find whatever, and with one last look at the pale statue on his toilet, he walks out through the white wash door. She doesn't try to stop him ~oOo~ He squints at the waking sun peeking in from the streaked horizon preceded by the grey sea and a light fog. The waves roll lazily onto the beach, and a few seagulls peck at each other before stretching their white and grey stained wings. He holds a bottle of Jack at his side, cap thrown carelessly at the sea. The bottle is half empty, but none of the alcohol has entered his lips. His jacket is wrinkled, and the distinct stench of man odor seeps through the expensive folds. His brown, untamed hair sticks out into the wind, the sliver of sunlight highlighting its unnaturally natural copper lowlights. He's strolling on someone's roof; a day ago he would've cared whose. His eyes sag with exhausted sadness and tired heartbreak. Once an animated jade—now a lethargic, shadowed take of the color it used to be, the vibrance in which those eyes used to see, the life that once lived through them. Sand. He can feel the annoying little grains through every step he takes, grinding past his cashmere sock to aggravate the already sore skin of his foot, proudly pedicured and massaged twice a month. Setting Jack down, he sits on the edge of the roof, letting his long legs dangle over the eaves. His movements are slow, forceful, deliberate, as he removes his patent leather Italian shoes and over turns each, letting a steady rain of sand fall onto the wooden deck. He stares at the shoes for a few moments before hurling them at the sea, watching as they fly a few feet and land on the shore. There's nothing more to do than ignore the void that gnaws at his chest. Muffles make him look down, and he blinks away the daze that fogs his mind. His eyebrows knit at the sight of his shoeless feet dangling over a house—someone's fucking house—that he is actually sitting on. He grips the lapel of his suit, lifts it and wrinkles his nose at his stench. Gone is the emptiness, replaced by a thudding heart that is a few beats short of hyperventilation. He has no time to think of anything else except for the fact that he's going to be sued for trespassing—and he needs to find his shoes. He's paralyzed to the spot, ears tuned to the muffles increasing in volume, the distinct sounds of keys rattling in the door, a pause filled in by the sound of his heartbeat, indistinct shouts, and the sight of the screen door roughly swinging open and hitting the faint, white wall. "Shit!" he murmurs, lifting his legs up. "Huh? Birds don't say shit." The first thing he sees is wet, dark hair pulled into a bun at the top of a feminine head, followed by a pale neck with a dark beauty spot near the left shoulder. The head then whirls around, and for a second he stares into startled, milk chocolate brown eyes. "What the hell?" she exclaims incredulously, anger pooling in the apples of her too light for the beach cheeks. "Are you on my roof? Why the fuck are you on my roof?" He opens his mouth to apologize, but his words are caught in his throat. "'Ey! What the fuck you talking to out there, huh?" a gruff voice yells from the interior of the home, impatient, annoyed. "Don't you dare start with me!" she screams back, holding onto the waist of her robe as she leans forward. "I told you it wasn't a fucking seagull out here!" "Huh? What's that supposed to mean?" "There's a man sitting on my roof!" For a second or two, there's no response, and the relief is visible on Edward's features. "Oh, come on!" The woman throws her hands up in the air just as the screen door opens violently, and the end of a shotgun peeks out before the half tanned, bulbous male with thinning hair. He joins the woman on the deck, and immediately points his weapon at the trespasser. Alarmed, Edward stands up, both hands in the air to show he's unarmed. "You! In the monkey suit!" He spits onto the floor. "What the hell are you doing up there?" "Phil!" The woman widens her arms. "What do you think you're going to do with that shotgun, huh? Shoot him on my roof?" "If it's necessary." He hitches the gun on his shoulder, narrowing his eyes. She shoves his shoulder, unsteadying and angering him. He lets the gun fall limp as he turns to the woman, incredulous. "What the fuck?" "There is no way in ice capped hell you are going to be shooting him on my roof. Last time it took over a month to get all the blood out!" Edward's eyebrows rise. "Maybe this time, we'll paint your roof red." "A red roof? Are out of your fucking mind?" she screeches. "Tell me, do you see any other house here with a red fucking roof? You know why? Because they don't shoot people on their roofs!" "Shut up. Your voice is giving me a migraine!" "Hey—" This time, Edward tries to intervene, but his voice is drowned by the quarrel. "Like hell it is! I'm not gonna let you walk all over me Phil Dwyer, you can get one of your whores to do that!" She waves her fist at him. "What the fuck is your problem, uh? You tell