Dior Rob Contest Title: Let It Burn Summary: She was innocent, pure and temptation personified. How could he resist her? Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Prompts used: 2, 30, and 33. ~ Let It Burn ~ "What are you doing here?" I opened my eyes and saw her next to me, looking up at me with a curious glint in her eyes. I yawned and rolled over on my back, scratching the stubble on my cheek. "You fell asleep on the couch." She pushed herself up on her forearms and smiled. "So you carried me to my room?" I nodded, swallowing hard when her tank top dipped a little and showed the top of her breasts. God, what the hell was I doing here? She rose to her knees, and sat back on her ankles, smirking down on me. I raised an eyebrow, curious to see what she was going to do. She was constantly surprising me; I could never really get a read on her. Since she was a little girl, getting into trouble for ruining her dresses by playing with the boys, she'd kept me on my toes. Mischief, tricks, pranks, games . . . she was constantly trying to outdo the boys, showing them over and over she was actually cleverer than they were. It was one of the things I loved most about her. Suddenly, all thoughts flew out of my head when she straddled my waist and planted her hands on my chest. Shocked, all I could do was hold her by the waist so she wouldn't fall from the bed. God, she was so innocent looking . . . white tank top, white cotton panties, legs for miles . . . too innocent and too fucking tempting. "What are you doing?" "I just want to kiss you," she said shyly, leaning down, hands at either side of my head. I didn't move—I couldn't. "You shouldn't." "Why not?" she asked, all sweet and sleepy. That was a good question, but I couldn't think of an answer at the moment. Her hair fell down like a curtain, blocking out the few rays of sun filtering through the window, her scent surrounding me, fogging my mind. Why had I not left her here and then gone to my own bedroom last night? "Little Bell . . . you can't do this to me. Please . . ." I had always been vulnerable when it came to her, and I was pissed I couldn't say no. I was cursing myself for being far too weak. Especially now when she was looking at me with those big doe eyes of hers, those eyes that looked right into my very soul. "Just a taste . . ." she whispered, leaning in. My hold on her waist tightened, but her face didn't show any discomfort. Her half-closed eyes stared at my lips; just when they were about to touch my mine, there was a knock on the door. " Sweetheart, it's Dad. Are you awake?" I stiffened, my head whipped to the door, silently begging it not to open. "Shhh . . . he won't come in," she whispered, her index finger pushing my chin back to where it was before, just inches from hers. She sighed, her breath fanning over my face, and I couldn't help but lick my bottom lip, touching hers at the same time. She suddenly sat up, her hands back on my pecs. She looked like a dream, all in white above me, but I could see a bit of devil in those angel eyes, and in the teasing smile on her lips. "Bella . . . what are you doing?" I whispered, glancing at the door, my eyes quickly returning to the stunning young woman on top of me. Another knock came from the door. "Isabella?" She leaned in again, and I held my breath, but before her lips touched mine, she snapped her teeth at me. "Maybe next time." With that said she jumped out of bed, giggling and calling out to her father, my godfather, that she was up and would be out in ten minutes. I just stayed where I was, lying on the soft bed with her scent surrounding me, cursing the hard-on that was trapped in my jeans. I had vowed so long ago to stay away, to let her live, thinking that a thirty-three-year-old man had no business messing around with such a young girl. I thought Bella understood that; but here she was, taking every opportunity to tease and taunt me. The last two days I'd been tortured with barely-there bikinis, not-so-innocent touches, and more than one suggestive comment. I was in both heaven and hell at the same time. Last night, she'd fallen asleep on the couch and I carried her to her room. I'd tucked her in, as she was completely sound asleep; when I'd tried to leave, my name came out of her lips. Her sweet and wanton whisper had captured me like a siren call to a sailor. I was unable to resist her sleepy request to stay with her, and, like those mythological sailors, I'd let her pull me in. I sighed, walking out from her bedroom while she was still in the bathroom. I couldn't keep doing this, the lines were getting blurred and I was at my breaking point. Something had to give, and I was afraid that it would eventually be me. Two hours later—one of them spent in the shower getting rid of the ache she'd left this morning with her teasing—I was in the kitchen, drinking coffee with my godfather. He was talking about the next series of conferences he was traveling to for that week. "I should be back by Sunday. If anything happens, let me know," he said, sipping from his mug. "Yeah, sure. No problem, Carlisle." In my mind, I was already plotting ways to get away from the house. I just wished my damned apartment was available, but a termite infestation had forced my evacuation. Carlisle had suggested I stay here to—in his words—take care of Bella while he was away. If he only knew the ways I wanted to "take care" of her. "Morning, Daddy," said the little devil, and I almost choked on my coffee when I saw what she was wearing. Fuck me . . . I'm screwed! She had on tiny jeans shorts—which made her legs seem endless—a tight black racer tank, and . . . fuck, she wasn't wearing a bra! She cleared her throat and my eye snapped up to hers, embarrassed I'd been caught ogling, but the little devil just winked and blew me a kiss behind her father's back. I just shook my head at her and went back to my newspaper. Luckily, Carlisle and Bella left after that, some father-daughter date tradition they created since Bella's mom had passed away. I walked around the house, ending up on one of the chaise lounges by the indoor pool. I had my laptop and was in the middle of writing my next novel, the third in a trilogy. The first two novels had ended up on several best sellers lists. I'd started this last book while I was still teaching at Cornell and I'd made a pretty good start. With the summer ahead of me, I had faith I'd be able to meet my deadline. Unfortunately, I couldn't seem to focus. I tried very hard for over an hour to get into the mind of my characters; instead, my mind kept wandering back to this morning and Bella. Bella, Bella, Bella . . . I groaned and cracked my knuckles, setting the laptop on the side table with a huff. The escape I was looking for wasn't happening. I ended up lying there, staring at the glass ceiling and wondering what the hell I was going to do about Bella. She was the devil in disguise, and I knew it wouldn't be the last time she'd tease me. It was a game for her, after all. It had all started four years ago. It was her graduation party, her high school graduation party. Her father had invited us all for the occasion. As a college English teacher, I was already out for the summer and the summer semester wouldn't begin until the end of the month. I decided to book a flight to Phoenix from New York to support my Little Bell. Little Bell . . . that was the nickname her mother had given her. She'd always said her daughter's giggles were like bells. It broke my godfather's heart when she died after a long battle with bone cancer when Bella was only five. The nickname stuck, which is why I had named a star for her as a graduation present, knowing how much she'd love it. She'd always wanted to study astronomy since she was little, fascinated with the clear skies in Phoenix. She was always looking up, her mind always in the clouds. I watched her speaking to her fellow graduates with such enthusiasm that day, and I was shocked to see her looking so different. Long gone was the awkward and shy teenager that I'd seen last summer; instead, a young woman was standing upon the stage—an extremely beautiful young woman. I hadn't been able to take my eyes off her, and she'd definitely noticed. And so, the chase began. I tried to fight the attraction. My God, how I tried . . . after all, I was almost twelve years her senior and it wasn't right; we were practically cousins, growing up together. My godfather, Carlisle, had taken me in when my parents passed away in a car accident when I was sixteen. I used to take Bella to soccer practice and help with her homework. I found it hard to fight it for much longer, and it all came crashing down a week after her graduation. Bella had gone to a party with her best friend, Jessica. I'd stayed up late, watching a movie and secretly waiting for her. She came home at almost four in the morning, and it was obvious she was drunk. She'd stumbled into the house, smelling like a brewery, but what had pissed me off was the fact that she'd driven home in that state. It brought back horrible memories for me, and several disastrous scenarios had run through my head, making my temper flare. She could've died or she could've killed someone. I quickly made her drink several glasses of water, while I reprimanded her. I'd lashed out at her, calling her irresponsible, immature and a number of other things I regretted as soon as the words came out of my mouth. I'd made her cry and that was when it happened. One minute I was consoling her, apologizing for being such a dick, and the next, I was kissing her as if my life depended on it. Her lips were so soft. I sucked her bottom lip, a small sigh escaped her, and I took the opportunity to delve my tongue inside her mouth—tasting her, devouring her. I couldn't get enough of her. Her arms had snaked around my neck and tangled in my hair, pulling it and making me moan. I let my hands wander around her waist and the expanse of her back; when she straddled me, I ran them over her plump ass, grabbing on and pulling her closer. Her slim hips ground against mine in one sensual motion. She moaned loudly and I groaned as my erection pressed against her hot center. I slowly ran my hands up her thighs, pushing the skirt of the dress higher, letting it scrunch up around her waist. I groaned again when my fingers made contact with her slick pussy under the panties she was wearing. I pushed my thumb against her little clit and she threw her head back, gasping and trying to catch