Dior Rob Contest Title : Unexpected Desires Summary: "Do you love him?" She wants to know next, and again I have no clear answer. Avoiding her stare, I just shrug and think back to the few hours I spent in his presence. A mysterious stranger and a cloud of sexual tension in an elevator is all it takes for Edward to forget the vows he once spoke… Pairing: Edward&Bella + a little bit of Jasper Rating: M Prompts used : 25, 46, 40 Unexpected Desires "You fucking bastard! How could you do this to me?" Her voice echoes through the room and in my head and it leaves a bitter taste on my tongue. She's right. I'm a cheating bastard and she didn't deserve to be treated that way. And yet, I couldn't help it. I gave in to the sirens call of a stranger's body. Tears flow down her cheeks and her beautiful face is a mask of pure terror that will haunt me for the rest of my life. I try to reach out to her, want to pull her into my arms and make her pain go away but she won't have that. Her hand slaps mine away and I know I'd deserve far worse than that for what I've done to her. "Why Edward? Tell me! Why?" she asks, trying to calm down. My Bella has never been one to hold grudges but I doubt that telling her the whole story will make it any better, so I try to stop this. "Bella… I'm sorry! I'm so fucking sorry! I never meant to hurt you!" I beg her to drop the subject without actually saying it. "Why?" she asks again and I know she won't give in but I'm at a loss for words. "Tell me why, Edward! I need to know!" Slumping down on the bed, on our bed, I try to find the right words but I'm pretty damn sure there are none. Not when you cheated on your loving wife of eight years… with another man, no less. "I don't know…" I whisper but her small hand on my shoulder lets me find the courage to speak my mind for once. "I've never felt like that before… I'd never even looked twice at another man before and I sure as hell never thought I'd want to kiss or touch one…" Now it's my voice alone that fills the room and all of a sudden I can't stop talking… confessing the unimaginable sin I've committed and kept for myself way too long. "It hit me like a ton of bricks… There he was… Jasper… and all I could think of was how his skin would feel under my touch and how his lips would taste. I thought I was going mad and… I swore to myself that this would never happen. I didn't want it to happen, Bella! I never meant to hurt you like that, I swear! You have to believe me!" I beg but I don't really know for what. Forgiveness? Understanding? "Will you see him again?" she inquires and I guess she's heard enough. I don't have an answer, though… "I guess not…" I mumble, hoping she will leave it at that but of course my Bella needs more than a vague guess from me. "We didn't exchange numbers or addresses, so…" Trying to ignore that awkward sense of grief, I tell her the truth. Jasper and me… nothing could ever come from that. We're both way too involved in our separate businesses, our perfect lives, where immaculate appearances and fake smiles mean everything and people live with the fact that coming out of any kind of closet is not acceptable. For no one! "Do you love him?" she wants to know next and again I have no clear answer. Avoiding her stare, I just shrug and think back to the few hours I spent in his presence. x~x~x I stepped out of the crowded conference room, needing a bit of fresh air to clear my thoughts and a dose of nicotine to calm my nerves. The air was crisp at the end of a sunny autumn day but despite being in the city that never sleeps, it smelled clean for once. It had been two weeks since I left my home and beautiful wife behind me and the nightly phone calls simply weren't enough to keep the longing at bay. A warm, welcoming body, softly whispered words in the night, even a friendly hug would've been more than welcome at this point, where negotiations seemed to go nowhere and my frustration had hit the limits of being bearable. Inhaling deeply, I looked out over the rooftops of the city and the unfamiliar sight left me kind of homesick. My attempt to call her, to just hear her voice for a few minutes, left me even more depressed. Bella wasn't home yet but I didn't leave a message because anything I might've had to say would've sounded pretty whiny, so I shoved my phone back into my pocket and took another drag of my cigarette. A quiet voice asking for a lighter pulled me out of my personal darkness. Looking up, I just stared at him in awe, unable to utter a single word. His grey eyes were sparkling with amusement when he asked me to please light his cigarette. Only then did I realize, I had held it in front of his face without actually clicking it. Embarrassment washed over me and I could feel my cheeks turn red for the first time in what? Fifteen years? Without another word, I left him behind and walked back into my personal hell, hoping once more to end this torture. Throughout the next few hours, I found him staring at me from the opposite side of the room and whenever our eyes met, there was this tingling sensation all over my body that didn't make any sense… He was a guy for heaven's sake! So why was my body reacting the way it did? Accelerated heartbeat, tingling nerves, flushed cheeks whenever I caught him staring again… … and a treacherous cock that wanted to bust out of my pants. And all this from just looking at him from afar! It got to the point where I had to put an end to this ridiculous and wicked eye-fucking game. Too much was at risk, too many jobs at stake for me to be distracted by some handsome blond man with the most intensely staring eyes I had ever seen. I had managed to concentrate on the task that lay before me and after another couple of hours, I finally succeeded. A compromise was found and I felt much better, knowing I'd be able to go home within the next few days. Feeling the total exhaustion creeping up on me, I said my goodbyes and left for the hotel that had been my home for the last fifteen days. All I wanted was a hot bath and a nice and cozy bed for the night, before I would call my Bella and listen to her soothing voice lulling me to sleep. It had gotten late again, so the lobby was deserted and I was the only one waiting for an elevator to come down from one of the fifteen floors. Once inside, I pressed the button for ninth floor and waited for the elevator doors to slide closed but before that could happen, an arm held them open and there he was, all intense eyes and flushed cheeks and a smile that caught me off guard. "Hi! My name's Jasper!" he drawled in the deepest, richest, sexiest voice I had ever heard and that just made my cock twitch in my pants. "Edward." was all I could manage at this point with those piercing grey eyes holding my attention, trying to lure me in. Before I could understand what was going on, he pushed another button and with that… stopped the elevator. Stalking me like some kind of predator, he came closer. Too close! His lips slightly parted, his hot breath washed over my face and I knew immediately that I was lost. A soft kiss later, he pulled back but it was already too late. I wanted more, needed more, so I let my instincts take over. His cocky grin was all it took for me to forget about the world and to let loose. "You've been trying to distract me today!" I said and his grin got even wider. "That was a bad thing to do!" I told him before I shoved him backwards against the elevator doors. That fucking grin disappeared but there was a strange fire in his eyes that told me it would be okay, it would be alright, if I kissed him now. My hand gripped his neck while my fingertips grazed his chin. He licked his lips, stared at me in anticipation, waited for me to cross an invisible line, another boundary and there was no fucking way on earth I could've stopped this. 'Too late!' the words echoed in my head but I was beyond giving a shit. His lips on mine were soft and warm but the stubble that had grown throughout the day tickled, scratched even but felt too good on my own flushed skin. A quiet moan had me pushing him against the wall a bit more, feeling is lean, strong body against mine, not even caring about him being hard and pressed up against my own erection. And what had started out as a staring combat, a battle throughout a crowded room full of strangers, ended up in a physical war in a tiny hotel elevator. A heavy make-out session that bordered on assault, if it hadn't been for his greedy hands that kept pulling and groping and touching and teasing until he had me begging. Turning us around, holding me with my back against cool stainless steel walls, he dropped down on his knees and opened my pants. Another intense stare was shared and I knew what he was looking for. Mutual understanding. My consent. He wanted to make sure that this was alright for me, that this was what I wanted, so I swallowed all doubts and gave him a slight nod, wanting his mouth on me, wanting to feel his tongue and his teeth and his lips around me. Way too eager, he leapt at over-heated skin, sucking and licking while bobbing his head up and down and when he took me even deeper down his throat, I knew I wouldn't last long enough to fully appreciate his skills. An orgasm so powerful and mind-blowing washed over me and pulled me under. I felt my whole body shaking and my knees giving way, but strong arms kept me from falling, holding me close to his chest. x~x~x "I need to be alone… to think about it…" my Bella whispers and then she gets up, grabs a suitcase, blindly throwing clothes in there and all I can do is stare. There are no words left. When she is done with her rushed packing she walks up to me and lightly touches my shoulder. "I'll call you!"Her voice is reassuring and I believe her. She just needs a little time and then she will come back, won't she? Days are passing by, but I don't care. I called in sick at work and barely leave the bed. Our bed. Memories are haunting my dreams at night and I can't shake them off. We've always been happy in love, my Bella and I, so why did I have to ruin everything? Why did I have to give in to Jasper? Why couldn't I resist? I reach the point where I give up asking myself these things because I can't seem to find an answer. I wanted him too badly I guess… Meanwhile my phone remains silent, no matter how often I beg