The sea was a calm green, the sky a clear blue, and the atmosphere an ethereal silence. No squawking seagull was in sight and the gentle sound of the waves melted in the silence. It was a peaceful day, a good day, and one of the few he'll ever have. The heavens were surprisingly calm for once and arguments didn't ring throughout the gold and marble halls of Olympus. Everybody was busy doing "business." And by that he meant fooling around and possibly causing another war that he was going to have to deal with. He knew that the peace will not last long, it never has, but he will enjoy the day while it lasts. So there he stood, pressing his tanned feet deep into the grains of the sand and feeling the cool water brush against his skin. His trident was firmly held in his hand, glowing with blue energy. Whatever his brother was doing at the moment, it was certainly working out. Of course, it was because of him (no, not his brother) the ocean was as tranquil as they have ever been. Being the god of the sea was his greatest advantage, but also his fatal weakness. He frowned and the sea turned ever so slightly turbulent. He remembered his children who died on his territory, the children who he wasn't able to save and let them die a bloody death. The least he could do was to safely carry their bodies to shore or if their mother was dead, then to the soft sand of the ocean floor. That was one thing about him, he was sentimental. History won't remember his children, but the oceans will. The ocean never forgets and always pays its debts. Treat it well, and one will prosper. Treat it badly, and one will find a twenty foot wave at the stern. The water bitterly reminded that he failed to save them. He sighed heavily. Now was not the time to reflect on the past. What's done is done and there was no turning back now. It upset him that he didn't know the names of those who died in the wars, the ones who didn't get epics written about them, the ones whose mothers he had a one night stand with and then abandoned, the ones who never knew who their father was. It was a general rule to never reveal to their children about their true heritage. The children will die soon enough, whether to the maw of a hellhound or the barrel of gun. It wouldn't matter that they were demigods and once they reached the end of their line, well, that was it. The children were disposable and for a long time, this was the philosophy of the Olympians. Looking back, perhaps he was a terrible father. In fact, he doubted that he remembered any of their names. He never went to any of their birthday parties, to their weddings, and to their funerals. He never objected to them joining the war only to get blown up. He stood there on the beach, staring at it thoughtfully. It was nice not tending to his godly duties. Just once, he would like to experience what a mortal experienced in their brief lives. The weight of the world wouldn't be on his shoulders and he can do whatever he wanted, love whoever he wanted, and go wherever he wanted without the fear of being punished. He was jealous of those mortals, who never had to deal with monsters. No gods or mortals to deal with. It was just him and his domain. And tomorrow, the seas would be rougher, the skies more grey, as the gods would resume their positions. A sudden memory bubbled up into his mind. He was supposed to visit his palace and get some "alone time" with Amphitrite since she was complaining on how he was always up on Olympus. He frowned slightly but wasn't upset. It was going to take a few minutes, but not a lot. He tossed his trident into the air and deftly caught it, about to disappear into thin air when a woman can up to him. "Excuse me sir, but why are you holding a trident?" It was an innocent question but coming from her, a mortal as far as he can tell, was dangerous. Which meant one thing – she could see through the Mist. There were many things that he could've done at the moment. He could've disappeared in a snap, lie that he wasn't holding one and proclaim that she crazy, turn her into a clownfish, etc. But he did none of those things. Instead he said: "Because it is my weapon and a symbol of my power." He honestly had no idea why he said it. It's been a long time since a mortal talked to him directly and even longer that it was woman. The woman grinned, her teeth shining like the whitest pearl. She didn't seem intimidated, but eager. That was new. Usually they would scream in terror and beg for mercy, if they were brave enough to confront him that is. His interest in her piqued. "What makes you so high and mighty to wield such a weapon?" she asked. "I am a god," he answered simply. "Oh? And which god is that?" "The god of the seas." "Hmm…so tell me 'god of the seas,' what's your name?" "Poseidon." The woman held out her hand, her smile never leaving her face. "Nice meeting you, Poseidon. My name is Sally Jackson." Sally Jackson. The name rang out through his head like a melody. Sally Jackson, Sally Jackson, Sally Jackson. Her eyes were the clearest azure, clearer still than the sea on a beautiful day and maybe, Aphrodite's eyes. They changed shades, from cerulean to Prussian blue. He graciously took her hand and kissed it lightly, earning a light blush on her cheeks. "Really? That gesture is so outdated." "To me, it was only yesterday that it was the norm." "If yesterday was the Victorian era. How old are you?" "Centuries, upon centuries, upon centuries. I witnessed the evolution of humanity, Prometheus being chained, the rise of machines, and every war known to history – and events that even you don't know about. I experienced everything there was to offer," Poseidon said grandly, waving his arms for emphasis. Sally raised an eyebrow. "Impressive. I haven't even been outside the country. I've always been afraid of the air. " Poseidon's opinion of her was instantly raised but wasn't sure to go farther. Sally's eyes were downcast and her spark disappeared. He decided to change to subject to something less personal, but she beat him to it. "Well, based on your description, it sounds like you're just a regular human that lives a long life." He couldn't help but notice how fast her mood changed, but that still didn't excuse the fact that she called him a mortal. Did she ignore the fact that he was much older than she was? He was about to respond when Sally continued. "You said that you experienced everything, so I'm guessing you experienced emotions: love, anger, sadness, frustration, and such. You have flings like any normal person based on your history and you get revenge on those who wrong you" Sally paused. "Then again, you expressed them in extreme ways but love is love and anger is anger." Poseidon was reminded of his past, of his abandoned lovers and children, of his outbursts. It brought back both fond and loathing memories, too many to name. He shouldn't be associating with mortal women ever since his brothers and he made that pact, and yet, he found himself falling for her. His heart was pierced with Cupid's arrow, and he could not pull it out. "I see that you're familiar with your mythology," answered Poseidon. "It helps when you have a lot of free time." "Hm, when are you free?" "Are you asking me out on a date, already? We only just met." "You're a captivating woman and it's been so long since I have, ahem, dated." Sally smiled. "Never too late to go back now." Poseidon smiled back. "Is that a yes?" "Yes." Four months would pass before he saw her again. His thoughts were constantly on Sally and he often drifted off during "important" council meetings. It was a miracle that Aphrodite didn't notice that he was love sick, and that goddess knows the dirt on everybody. He sent little presents to Sally whenever she was at the beach: a luminous pearl, a piece of bright red coral, something to show his love for her . He couldn't go directly to her yet in fear that someone else might find out. He traveled down a forbidden road, one that he can never go back on. If the other Olympians found out, then Sally will be lost to him, forever. But he could not ignore the dire feeling in his heart. He wondered if it could stand one more heartbreak. He loved many women (and men), but watched them get swept away by the currents of time. At that time, he didn't care or he didn't care as much as he should have. He promised himself that he wouldn't do that to Sally. He won't forget her like the others. It was there he decided that he was going to her house tonight. Tonight was not as busy as the others. Amphitrite and Triton were away and Poseidon was free to do whatever he wanted once he got home from Olympus. He summoned a piece of paper and a pencil and wrote: Meet me on Montauk Beach, at noon. I'll bring everything, you just have to go. Poseidon whistled with two fingers and instantly, a seagull came down and perched on his right shoulder. He rolled up the paper tightly and gave it to the bird to hold. "Bring this to Ms. Sally Jackson, New York. I trust you know where she lives?" The seagull bobbed its head and promptly flew off. Poseidon sighed and stretched his limbs. How does one prepare for a date in the modern world? Back in his day, there were no such things as "dates" and the young people got married right away whether they liked each other or not. The most recent woman he was with was during the 1920s – that was a wild time. He decided to go with the old fashioned way: a bouquet of flowers and Victorian mannerisms. He was going to bring one of those towels that the mortals bring to the beach. Hmm… what kinds of food do they eat anyway? They can't eat ambrosia, so he'll just bring some sweets. Hopefully she won't mind that they're blue. It was settled then. He would just have to ask Demeter a small favor to make a batch of cookies for him, and maybe those flowers. The beach supplies he can just summon them up. What else? Poseidon snapped his fingers. Of course! What was he thinking? Yes, yes, Sally will surely love this… And with that, he disappeared towards Hephaestus's forge. ... The sun was a yellow dot in the sky by the time Poseidon reached the beach, towels and a picnic basket in tow. He saw Sally standing near the water in a light blue jacket and jeans, brown hair framing her fair face and eyes. Poseidon felt his present for Sally bounce around in the basket and the smell of the cookies wafted through the air. He owed Demeter a month's worth of free water (the rate was five drachmas per pound) for her plants but the cookies she baked were well worth the money he would lose. "What kind of person puts blue chocolate chips in?" Demeter muttered under her breath when she put the dough into the oven. "A ridiculous person that's who. At least I get to save money…" She looked over her shoulder