This is a fanfic that takes place during the summer before Harry's sixth year of school, a.k.a. after Sirius died. Harry isolates himself from his friends, and takes up drinking and drugs. What else to know: Mrs. Figg has been asked to keep an eye on Harry, who is once again being watched by members of the Order of the Phoenix as well. Ron and Hermione are worried about Harry when they don't hear from him. Disclaimer: I don't dare claim that I own Harry Potter. That right belongs to J. K. Rowling. A teenage boy lay awake on his bed staring up at the dust that swirled in the sunlight from outside, thinking back to the terrible events that had occurred at the ministry. He had attempted to rescue his godfather from Voldemort, but was lead instead to a trap. Harry had seen a vision of Sirius being tortured by Voldemort, and led his friends to the Ministry of Magic only to find that it was a trap. Though he knew it was useless to blame himself, Harry couldn't help but to take some responsibility in blaming himself for it. Of course, Snape and Dumbledore both had there own parts to play; the Headmaster of Hogwarts thought it best to leave Sirius his old family house in an attempt to keep him from being hunted down by the ministry and the Death Eaters, who had to be aware of Sirius being an animagus thanks to Wormtail. But Snape? Harry did not just dislike Snape, that was an understatement. He hated, loathed and blamed Snape most of all for Sirius' death. Snape was always bragging about how he was risking his life for the Order, and hinting that Sirius was worthless because he couldn't do anything for the Order other than lend his 'home,' if you could call it that, to be headquarters for the Order. Other snide remarks Snape would make were often less hinted such as, "Some of us are doing more important things than cleaning," or, "I, unlike you Sirius, cannot leisure around the house all day." Harry felt anger lick his insides just thinking about last summer. At least then, no matter how infuriated and hurt he had felt, Sirius was still alive. He still had had a person he could look up to and think of as a mix between a father and a brother. Harry rolled over onto his stomach and looked at Hedwig who was asleep in her cage. He could hear the Drusley's downstairs talking and the neighbors lawnmower from next door. "BOY!" he heard his Uncle call. Rolling his eyes and sighing, Harry got up and walked down the stairs into the living room. "What?" he asked. "Don't you talk to me in that ruddy tone, boy!" his Uncle shouted at him, a vein rising in his temple. Harry didn't respond to that, knowing if he did it would just infuriate his Uncle even more and he really didn't feel like fighting tonight. "You have to clear out. We're expecting tonight, and I don't need you prowling around the house!" Uncle Vernon told him. "But I don't 'prowl' around. I just stay in my room." Harry said, which was true; he had spent most of his time at his Uncle and Aunt['s house alone in his room, refusing meals. "It doesn't matter, as long as your in this house you will only get in the way! Don't think I've forgotten about last time when we had company over with you in this house!" Uncle Vernon shouted, his face turning an ugly shade of purple. Harry knew what his Uncle was referring to; the last time the Drusley's had company over while Harry was with them, Dobby the House Elf had gotten Harry into trouble. He enchanted a cake making it float over to his Uncle's boss and wife and the cake had splattered all over them. "I told you," Harry said, sounding exasperated, "that wasn't me! It was a house el- I DON'T GIVE A DAMN WHO IT WAS! IT HAD SOMETHING TO DO WITH YOU!" Uncle Vernon's face was now so purple it matched his plum colored tie. "Now as I said before, we are having company over tonight boy, so you're not to be in the house while they're here!" "Great. Where am I supposed to go?" Harry asked. "I don't ruddy care where you go, just so long as it's not anywhere around this house! And while you're out boy, you're not to contact any of your kind!" "Fine." "And you're to keep that owl locked up in her cage!" "I'll do that." "If I so much as here it ruffling her feathers, she'll have to go. Do you understand me?" "Yup. Only, there's a slight problem with that, seeing as how she's already delivering a letter for me." Harry lied. He wasn't going to leave his only friend on Number Four locked up in her cage to suffer. If he wasn't going to be in the house, then neither was she. "We'll, she better not come back while we're having guests over!" "Right, I'll be sure to send her a letter so she knows not to come." Uncle Vernon's vein was popping out even more clearly now. "Don't you get smart with me, boy!" Harry bit his tongue to keep himself from saying something that would make even Mrs. Weasley gasp. "When do you want me to go?" Harry asked through gritted teeth. "Now. And don't come back until after eleven." "Fine. But, can I at least grab a coat?" Harry asked. "What in blazes do you need a coat for? It's only seventy degrees outside!" Aunt Petunia asked, speaking for the first time since Harry came downstairs. "Well it gets colder at night, see." Harry replied, rolling his green eyes. "Don't you take that tone with you're aunt!" Uncle Vernon shouted at him. "Well, can I get it or not?" Harry asked, forcing his voice to be calm. Uncle Vernon looked at aunt Petunia, and then turned back to Harry. "Fine, I suppose you must. But clear out after you grab it!" "Fine." "AND YOU'RE NOT TO DO ANY YOU-KNOW-WHAT!" his Uncle hollered at Harry. "Right, like I'd really try to after last summer." Harry muttered as he climbed back up the stairs to his bedroom. Hedwig was in her cage, awake and hooted softly as Harry approached her. "You'll have to clear out for a while, Hedwig. They're having guests over and they don't want you around while they're here." Harry told her, stroking her feathers. Hedwig blinked her golden eyes at Harry, as if to say 'alright.' "You can go hunting. If you need a place to stay, you could always go to the Weasley's. I'm sure they won't mind." Harry said, holding out his arm for her to climb on. Harry carried her over to his window and opened it, watching Hedwig's beautiful snowy colors off into the sun. He felt lonelier now that she was gone. Now he had nobody to keep him company. Perhaps if Sirius was still alive, he could've sent Hedwig to him with a note explaining why she had come. Harry grabbed his jacket and slung it over himself as he walked down the stairs. The Drusley's were tidying up in the kitchen, Aunt Petunia sweeping the floor for the fifth time that day, and Uncle Vernon setting out all the brandy. As Harry walked through the town of Little Whinging, he made his way to the park and sat onto a swing. Harry remembered last summer and how he used to take newspapers out of trash bins, looking for anything out of the ordinary that might tie to Voldemort. Sirius used to take newspapers our of rubbish bins as well, using his animagi form to disguise himself as a harmless little dog. Harry remembered in his fourth year when he, Ron, and Hermione brought food and pumpkin juice in a flask to his godfather. Sirius had risked his freedom and life to see Harry and, as Sirius had put it, 'fulfilling his duties as Godfather.' Harry sighed and closed his eyes. He missed Sirius so much it ached. Suddenly, He heard voices from the distance and snapped his head up in alarm. A group of teenagers Harry had never seen before were making their way towards him, laughing and playing rock music from a boombox one of them were carrying. Harry bowed his head and looked back down, feeling more alone than ever as he watched the group of friends head over to the slides. "Oi, have you got the liquor?" one of them asked. "O'course. Always come prepared, don't I?" another responded. "Well, don't hog it all, lemme 'ave a swig!" Harry pretended not to hear them. He looked up into the sky, watching a flock of birds fly into the pinkish, blue sunlight. "Is this swing occupied?" a girl asked. Harry didn't look at her, but responded with, "No." "Thanks. Only my brother over there's starting to light up and I have asthma." she said. She was a short, dark skinned girl, with black hair and looked to be about the same age as Harry. "What's your name?" she asked. "I'm no one." Harry responded. "Tch. That can't be your name, because that's mine." she joked. "Popular name I guess, heh." Harry said, internally kicking himself for making such a terrible joke. "I'm Sarah. Who're you?" "Harry." "Well, it's nice to meet you Harry." Sarah said, extending her hand to him. Harry shook it. "So, where do you live?" Sarah asked. "Nowhere." Harry said, looking back into the sky. "Sounds like a nice place." Sarah said. "Yeah... Not really." "It can't be worse than my house." "Bet you it is." "Yeah?" "Yeah." "Well..." Sarah started, but stopped short. "Are you a wizard too?" For the first time, Harry looked at her completely, surprised. 'Sarah was certainly a mysterious girl,' he thought. "How did you know?" "Your want's sticking out of your back pocket." she said simply. "Oh," Harry said, reaching for his wand and pulling it out. "Yeah." "Well, that and you're scar," Sarah said, staring at Harry's forehead, "You're Harry Potter, you are." Harry turned away, feeling uncomfortable. He hated it when other people stared at his scar, as if it were an item on display at a museum. "Sorry." Sarah said, sensing his unease. "It's fine." "Oi, Sarah! Come 'ere an half a bit ov a sip with us!" someone shouted to her. "In a bit!" she yelled back. "Well, 'urry up! It'll be gone soon!" "So, what kind of wand is that?" Sarah asked. "Oh. Holly, it's made of phoenix feather." Harry replied "Nice. Mine's twelve inches, dragon string." "Excellent." "Nice." "Look, I know we just met and all, but would you mind walking with me a bit? Only my brother sometimes gets a bit... out of control when he drinks." "Um... sure." Harry said shrugging. It was only a few minutes to seven, and he had nothing else to do. "Great. You can meet my friends." Sarah said, standing up and beckoning Harry to follow him. The two walked over to the slides where the rest of Sarah's friends and brother were. "Ey, 'ose the bloke?" one of them called." "This is Harry. Harry Potter, he's a friend of mine." Sarah said. "Well, any friend ov Sarah's a friend of mine. Pleasure ta meet chu, mate. My name's Oliver." he said, shaking Harry's hand. "Harry this is my brother Oliver, but everybody calls him Olly." Sarah said, gesturing to a black boy with dreadlocks. "Well met." "I'm Shane." said another boy, who was drinking a bottle from a bag. He was wearing a plaid t-shirt with jeans, and had blond hair. Even in the dark of the night, his skin looked as white as snow. "That bloke right there's Ruddy," said Shane, "he's pissing in the bushes though. Yeah, he's not