The Gatekeeper Summary: After 5000 years of servitude to Olympus, Perseus is finally released from his oath. Time has taken its toll, however. His tenure as immortal gatekeeper has left the son of Gaea lost and without direction. There has to be someone who could change that, right? Chapter 1 Ancient Greece - Post First Titan War A lone man sat in the middle of a clearing, cradling a small object in his arms. He continued to stare down at it, seemingly oblivious to everything else. The small child was sleeping peacefully not making a sound. A trident lay on the ground by the man's feet. The man's vibrant green eyes glistened with unshed tears. He had no clue what he would do with the small child in his arms. No matter where he went, he would be in danger, although bringing him back to his home would most likely be the safest option. After a few more minutes the man stood, picking up the trident as he did. He looked down at the child in his arms one more time. "Don't worry." He muttered to the small child. "I will protect you. My son. My Perseus." 16 Years Later The man's green eyes shined with happiness as he watched his son spar against his teacher. After bringing him back to Atlantis sixteen years ago and raising him, he had grown into a proper warrior, capable of besting most of the minor gods in a fight. Although, the smile quickly dropped from his face as he remembered why he was here. He continued to watch as his son tried to force his teacher to surrender. But in the end, the master swiftly disarmed the student and forced him onto his knees, defeating him once again. "You have improved Perseus." The teacher started, "But you are too eager. You must have patience or you will rush into the fight and be defeated before you even have a chance to fight." Perseus just let out a laugh before nodding his head in acceptance. He moved to pick up his sword when he noticed the man standing in the corner of the room. "Father!" He shouted before rushing over. The man smiled slightly, "Perseus, I see you are improving." Perseus nodded and placed his sword against the wall. "Yeah, but I still have a long way to go." The man nodded, "Yes, but you will continue your training another time. For now you must come with me." He said, before summoning his trident to prepare to flash out. Perseus had a confused look on his face, "Too where, father?" The man stared his son in the eyes for a second, not saying a word. But, eventually he sighed, "To Olympus. You have been discovered by the council, and so Zeus wishes to speak with you." The man stood in front of the throne room doors. Perseus was standing next to him, fidgeting with nervousness. He glanced over at his son before placing a hand on his shoulder. "Calm yourself. You don't want to act this way in front of the council." Perseus nodded slightly before walking towards the doors. As he did so, the man was thinking about what had happened earlier in the day, when the council had demanded Perseus be brought to Olympus. The man was sitting in his throne, idly polishing his trident while the other members of the council fought about pointless things. He was thinking about Perseus and how he should push for him to train more. Just in case anything bad happened. But he was brought out of his thoughts when he heard his name called. " Poseidon," his brother, Zeus, called. He was staring at him angrily, obviously mad about something. "Yes?" He replied, obviously not concerned with whatever was bothering the king of Olympus. Zeus said nothing for a second, but a small smirk formed on his face, causing an ounce of worry to pop into his head. " So, when were you going to let us know about your newest son?" Zeus said. Poseidon immediately frowned and sat up in his seat. At Zeus' statement, the rest of the Olympian gods had gone silent, now fully engrossed in the conversation. Poseidon sat glaring at his brother, not intimidated in the slightest. "When I felt like it." He replied. Zeus shook his head, "No, that won't do. You will bring him to the council immediately, for I would like to meet him. After all, I have heard an interesting rumor about him." Poseidon's eyes widened. He could not possibly be talking about his mother, could he? " Yes, I know that you know what I am talking about." Zeus' glare got worse. "I want to meet the son of Gaea." Poseidon shook his head slightly, clearing his head of the memories. He couldn't afford to think of the past, he had to focus on protecting his son. So, he followed his son to the doors before pushing them open. He walked slightly ahead of his son, growing to his godly height of fifteen feet before taking a seat on his throne, glaring at Zeus, who looked over at him and grunted before looking down at Perseus. Perseus stood in the middle of the doorway, looking around the throne room in awe. He had seen many beautiful things, but this one definitely topped them all. The glistening marble and gorgeous decor, complimented all of the thrones perfectly. Shaking his head slightly, he looked at all of the gods around him. He of course knew who each god was, but he started walking towards the throne at the end of the room. He shivered slightly under the intense glare of the king of the gods, but maintained his posture. Finally, he stopped in front of his throne before dropping down onto one knee and bowing his head. "My lord, Zeus. You have requested that I be brought to Olympus?" Perseus said, still looking at the ground. As he waited for the god to speak, he could almost feel his body start to shake with nervousness. "Yes." Zeus finally said, "I wanted to meet my brother's newest spawn. Although, I have one question for you." Perseus nodded his head, "What is it, my lord?" Zeus looked over a Poseidon, who had a worried look on his face before sighing slightly. "There have been rumors about your mother. Would you care to tell me who she is?" Perseus tensed up. He knew who his mother was, and had known since he had turned five years old. Out of all the questions, this is the one question he would have preferred to have never answered, but he knew that he could not deny Zeus. "Ah" He started, causing Zeus' eyes to narrow slightly. "My mother? My mother is… G-Gaea." As he said the goddess's name, the temperature in the room seemed to drop, causing many of the gods to shift uncomfortably. Zeus frowned slightly as he leaned back in his throne. "We cannot have a spawn of Gaea roaming around Olympus or anywhere else unsupervised." He started. Once he finished Poseidon shot up, his armor forming on his body and trident appearing in his hand. "I do not care who his mother is. He is still my son and you will not treat him like this." Poseidon declaring, raising his trident and pointing it at Zeus. Zeus just glared at his brother, "Would you sit down and let me finish?" He declared, raising an eyebrow. Poseidon looked slightly shocked, but grudgingly sat down. Perseus looked up at his father with sadness, he had known that something like this would happen the moment he spoke his mother's name. "Since you are not only the Earth's child, but my brother's as well, I will offer you one deal. You take it or you die." Zeus warned, looking back down at the young immortal in front of him. Perseus nodded as he waited to hear what his fate would be. Zeus cleared his throat before continuing, "If you accept, you will become the immortal gatekeeper of Olympus. You will watch the entrance of Olympus, and if any enemy tries to enter, it shall be your duty to stop them." Poseidon was shocked, he had never expected to hear this from his brother. He let his armor dissolve into mist, while he rested his trident against his throne. Perseus was surprised as well. He had expected to be killed as soon as he mentioned his mother's name, not to be given an official task. "This way the council can keep an eye on you." Zeus continued, "This is your way to prove your loyalty to Olympus." Perseus nodded, "I accept." Zeus nodded before looking over at his brother. "Good. You start in seven days. Finish your training and gather your things. You better get used to this job. It will be what you live for, remember that." Present Day - Post Second Titan War It was a stormy day. Rain poured down from the sky as lightning flashed in the distance. The streets of Olympus were practically empty, with only a few beings walking about. But even so, single form could be seen sitting under a small awning next to the entrance of Olympus. This form was Perseus, the son of Poseidon and Gaea and the immortal guardian of Olympus. He had maintained this position for hundreds of years, guarding the entrance faithfully and without complaint. He has watched the entrance from the same position since the beginning. When the entrance was located at the top of Mount Olympus in Greece, all the way until now, where it is located on top of the Empire State Building in New York. But, even though he has done so, he is rarely acknowledged for it. Even back when he had first received the position. In fact, it had been worse when he had first been assigned to the position. The fact that there was a child of Gaea on Olympus turned almost everyone away. The only thing keeping him on Olympus was the fact that he was also the son of Poseidon, and no one wished to get on his bad side. The Giant War had not helped him either. During that time most people had avoided him like the plague, including most of the Olympians. After all, why would anyone trust a child of the goddess that was fighting against them. Once the war had ended, the people had stopped completely avoiding him, but would never speak to him. At most, he would receive the occasional glare or snide remark. Lastly, the position he received truly meant nothing to anyone. It was a useless position with a worthless title. In the time he has spent there, he had never had to help defend against a threat. After all, any being that had the power to storm up to Olympus and the attack was met with the full force of the Olympian Council. And now, the Second Titan War has passed. Perseus had fought well during the war, taking out many of the monsters that fought for the other side. And once Kronos had made it up to Olympus, he had even confronted the Titan Lord himself. He had even put up a decent fight for a few minutes, but to his dismay, he had eventually been swept aside easily, being forced to recover for the rest of the battle. After the war, he had heard of the two demigods and satyr who had stormed into the throne room to confront Kronos, who then managed to defeat him in the end. And while he had been happy at the news, this brought himself more trouble than anything. He was ridiculed and spat upon. The people's dislike eventually grew, until people were actually asking for him to be removed from Olympus. To them, he was worthless, what good was a guardian who cannot even stop a threat