My Love I didn't know what to say. There are no words to tell the person you have known all you're life that you are in love with them. I sat there quietly crying myself until I feel asleep. He crushed me and I swore there, drenched in my prom dress, that no one would ever hurt me the way that he did. That was until he came back. "Lisa, I told you that I have too much to do to be worried whether Mr. Sampson gets his dry cleaning back on time. I am leaving today for my sister's wedding. I will be back on Monday. I promise you will be just fine until then." This was the third conversation I had had with Lisa since I left. You see, Mr. Sampson is the head of the advertisement department at our company. He is the "big cheese" as my dad would say. If he was not pleased with how something was handled, they would hear about it on the 4th floor. We are on the 15th. "I know Bella. I am sorry about all of this. Just get your butt back here before he makes me do something more important than get his coffee." Lisa had become my very good friend and new roomate. We met at college and it all just seemed to click. She offered me some Goobers in our first English class together and I knew I could trust her. I mean who just offers up their Goobers like that. "Look, I will be back on Monday morning with coffee in hand for Mr. Sampson. Just take deep breaths and everything will be fine. But, I have to go. My sister should be picking me up at the airport and I have yet to find her. I'll call you a little later to check in." I heard her sigh before saying ok and hanging up. I looked around but Alice was no where to be found. I know I had told her all my flight plans. She was to be here promptly at 9:15 AM to pick me up. Rose, my other sister, was getting married tomorrow and I couldn't be happier for her. Her and Emmett met while sky diving and fell in love as soon as they hit the ground. Finally, I thought as I looked down to see Alice was calling me. "Hey! Where are you? My plane landed 15 minutes ago and I don't see you anywhere." "Well hello to you too. You don't see me because I am not there." She stopped talking at once because I was yelling and almost making a scene at baggage claim. "WHAT? What do you mean you are not here? I asked and you said you would be here to get me no problem! I can't believe this Alice! I told you over and over that I did not want Mom to come and get me. You know what happened last time her and I were alone in the same room!" In all my yelling and scene making, I never saw the figure standing behind me. I hung up on Alice as she should have expected and turned around right into the very person I had wanted to see the most. "Hey you need to watch where you are going!" Then, of course after I make yet another scene, I look up. "Well excuse me ma'am but I was just looking for an old friend I used to know. She sort of looks like you but the Bella I know would never be so rude to someone on the phone as you were." Jacob. Oh, Jacob! He was my friend from childhood that I missed most when I left. He looked exactly the same except he was a little taller. "Jacob! Oh my gosh! I am so sorry that I yelled at you like that. I was on the phone with Alice and was afraid she was sending you know who to get me. But, man! I am so glad to see you!" He gave me a knowing look. I hated that look. That look was the very look I got for 3 months after He-who-must-not-be-named took off on me. "Don't look at me like that. I know that look and I do not want that look." He looked at me again like my puppy had just died. "I said stop it! We have a lot to catch up on without hashing out the past." "For your information, I was not giving you a look. I was simply looking at how different my best friend looks. I have really missed you." He grabbed me and gave me one of his famous breath taking hugs. "I have missed you too. Now, we need to get going before one of the crazies calls me," but I never even had time to finish before my phone was going off. "Hello, I found Jake, and we are leaving right now." I answered the phone assuming that it would be one of the girls or my mother calling me. Boy was I wrong. I heard a chuckle. Yes I said chuckle and I knew exactly who it belonged to, then I heard his voice. "Hey Bella, did I catch you at a bad time?" I looked at Jake and must have had a panick look on my face. He took my phone asked who was calling the just...hung up the phone. "What did you do that for?" I screamed at him. "Did you really want to talk to him? He broke your heart, ran off and never even gave a reason. I didn't think there was anything left for you to say to him after you kicked him in the balls." Well, he had a point. I was just super curious as to why he was calling. I mean it had been 4 years. "Ok, ok. We REALY have to go now." Jake laughed, grabbed my bag and my arm and we were out of there. We talked the whole time to my mom's house. Nothing about Jacob Black had changed with the exception of how tall he was. He told me about his job as a mechanic, his cars he was rebuilding, and his new girlfriend, Leigha. I was so happy for him and the life he had built for himself. We gre up together in Madison and he always felt like my brother. I couldn't imagine him and I ever not being this close, but that's how I felt about someone else once too. His name was Edward. He was my high school sweetheart. We had been friends since freshman year in high school. I was the new kid on the block and he was super nice to me. We became instant friends and a couple not long after that. He was my everything and I thought I was his. Boy, was I wrong! It was really hard to even think about what he did to me all those years ago. But I knew now that I loved him but I do not think that I was in love with him. I never really had anyone around to show me what love is. I made a promise that I would never allow myself to get close to someone else to get that hurt. And I have kept that promise. I have no boyfriend or potential of any kind. And that is the way it was going to stay. As soon as we pulled up to my dad's house, I knew things were about to get crazy but here I was safe. "Thanks for the ride Jake. You are going to be at the wedding right? I don't think I coud face this crowd without having you in my corner." "I will be there but Leigha has to work and wasn't able to get out of it. I will, if you want, be your date and keep certain people in line." He smirked and we both knew we were talking about Emmett's scumy friend Mike Newton. They had been friends since grade school so we put up with him. But he had a need to hit on me every time he saw me, or even heard my name. "YES," I almost screamed at him. "I will need all the protection that I can get while there. I will see you later." I leaned over, gave him a kiss, and jumped out. Trying to mentally prepare myself for the war zone I was about to walk into. Just as I was about to open the door, I heard voices inside say my name. So of course pretending to be Nancy Drew, I snuck in quietly to hear what they were saying. "Emmett, I am telling you right now that if he comes and makes a scene it will be you that pays for it too. Bella has been through too much for her to have to deal with this. I love you, but she is my sister and I need to protect her." It was Rose. She was threatening Emmett on my behalf, which meant that this was bad. "Rosie, I promise you that it will be fine. I will keep him in line and in my sight at all times. I will handcuff him to me if I have to. I promise babe, Sunday is all about you and me. I did go so far as to threaten his life. Haha. The poor guy look a little scared. He has changed. After all it has been.." I never got to hear the rest of what Emmett said because at this point my dad came running down the stairs screaming my name. He was super excited to see me and I couldn't believe he hadn't changed much. "Oh Bella! You look beautiful! I have missed you so much. Are you hungry? I can run and get something or we can go to the diner and get something." "Whoa, Charlie. Breath. " I had to squeeze out of his arms just to breathe. I loved Charlie so much. I was so glad to see him. It was more my.. "Bella! Oh darling how are you? I have missed you tremendously." ...mother. Oh for the love of all that is good in the world! "Hello Mother. You are looking well." I didn't really want to speak with her. She was so angry with me for not foriving Edwa...NO! I will not think about him right now! "Well...Bella, why don't we take your things up to your room and get you settled. We are having a dress rehearsal tonight at 7pm and need everyone on their toes," Rose said to me, more directing it towards everyone else in the room. "Sure. Thanks," I look at her with greatful eyes. She was one of three people that really know what happened that night. After all the drama of coming home, all I wanted was a shower. The great thing about Rose and Charlie is that they don't hover. They knew any time my mother was around, I was not the nicest person in the world. It was something I was trying to work on. At 6:30pm, I went downstairs dressed and ready for anything. Something was going on with Emmett. As I came down, he ran into the kitchen. I went into the kitchen, he went into the living room. I look into the living room, he suddenly had to use the restroom. Hmm...Rose. "Hey Rose, is Emmett ok? He's acting like..." I never got to finish because suddenly she was gone too. "Sorry Bells, I need to get some things in the car for tonight." She almost ran out the door. "Hold it!" I screamed at her. "Something is going on with you and Emmett. You both are so horrible at keeping things from anyone with a brain. Tell me right now or I will take drastic measures." She looked like she just