A/N: This story is intended as an in-canon sequel to the original novels, starring new and old heroes and a lot of new villains. Details of the Harry Potter universe and magic itself will be expanded to breathe new life to the world we know. This story will stick mostly to the original themes of Harry Potter (Love, Prejudice, Death, etc.) but with a more mature lens. The ball takes a while to get rolling, but when it does, it will feature crazy schemes, moral quandaries, thrilling action, and most importantly: romance and drama that is integrated to the core of the story. I highly recommend reading to the end of Chapter 3 to get a sense of the true direction of the plot; Chapter 1 is more of a prologue. Chapter 1 – War The night sky was a solid black canvas behind the military air base. The barracks, storehouses and other buildings were lit with glaring yellow lights; the sentries stationed in front of them looked half-glowing, each with a night vision and thermal imaging scope perched over one eye. A team of six men passed by them, sticking to the shadows on the other side of the road. They would have been seen regardless if not for the magic spells cast over them; one to make their bodies take the colour and texture of the bushes behind them, and another to mask the heat of their bodies. Their leader moved silently under the shadows, taking the lead a yard ahead of his team. Unlike the others, he draped a cloak over his shoulders that granted him true invisibility; he could move swiftly without betraying his silhouette. He and his team drew near a pair of guards standing before a large hangar. He signalled his team to stay back, and approached the guards. Their eyes were peeled through their scopes for the outline of a camouflaged wizard, but his true invisibility let him stalk right beside them. He pulled his wand from the sleeve of his robes. ' Stupefy,' A streak of red light struck the first guard and he dropped unconscious to the ground. The second guard raised his rifle in alarm, but the invisible wizard fired a second streak of red light and knocked him out as well. The invisible wizard stood straight and pulled something else from his sleeve: a flat, round, inch-thick disc. He planted the disc against the hangar door and stepped a several feet aside. With a flick of his wand, the Vanish Bomb detonated; a perfectly circular hole carved into the hangar door, with a smooth crater of earth at its base. The wizard signalled to his team, and they filed into the hangar. As the wizards entered the unlit space, they raised their wands and spoke "Lumos" – their tip of their wands sparked with white light that was bright but not glaring – the wizards spread out across the darkness and began planting Vanish Bombs on every fighter jet inside. Every few seconds a bomb detonated and silently consumed a plane into nothingness. "Harry," called out one of the invisible wizard's men near the hangar entrance. "Where are you?" The invisible wizard pulled off his invisibility cloak and faced his fellow Auror. "Tribett. What is it?" "You didn't finish off those two guards," Harry couldn't tell how Tribett looked as he was Disillusioned, but he sounded annoyed. "It wasn't necessary. They're out for at least thirty minutes," "Well I took care of it. I'm not gambling with other people's lives," His subordinate headed towards the far end of the hangar to join the others in setting Vanish Bombs. Harry held up the rear, following him silently. Suddenly the hangar filled with a high-pitched, relentless beeping, stabbing into his ears like a giant nail gun. Harry and Aurors clamped their ears shut, but the sheer force of the sound waves was making his eyes sting and throwing his brain inside out. "What is this – a sonic attack?!" yelled another one of his Aurors. None of them, Harry included, had ever encountered such an attack from their enemy. All the Aurors' Disillusionment Charms broke, rendering them visible – the immense migraine induced by the noise made it impossible to maintain enchantments over themselves. Harry raised his lit wand and focused a beam of light up along the high walls. Attached near the ceiling were flat, black panels angled down at them, blasting that searing noise. Harry fired a Reductor Spell at one of them – the device burst into pieces and the noise became marginally softer. The coin-sized mirror strapped to his wrist heated up like a hot iron – a warning of closing enemies. An instant later, the hangar exploded in a cacophony of sounds and light – rattling gunfire, flashing muzzles, and a metal-like ting as bullets bounced off the Aurors' grey robes. Their standard Auror robes were each enchanted with a Barrier Charm; an invisible layer of energy wrapped around each Auror like a coating and flashed light blue against every colliding bullet. They rendered all attacks harmless, but they would only last seconds under sustained fire. "Wall! Seal them out!" shouted Harry. Each Auror pointed their wands to the ground and a thick wall of concrete rose where they pointed, each wall over twenty feet high. With every swing of their wands the Aurors erected walls between themselves and the soldiers until the massive width of the hangar was fully sealed. Harry then shone his lit wand to the ceiling – the sound-blasting speakers lined every dozen feet along the top of the walls, far too many for them to take out in time. "Retreat!" Harry commanded. The Aurors ran for the opposite end of the hangar. Harry cast a Soundproof Charm around his head – he saw his Aurors spinning their wands over their own heads, doing the same. All sound disappeared – Harry was now functionally deaf. He couldn't hear the sonic weapons above him, or the gunfire behind him, or his Aurors in front of him. When his Aurors suddenly stopped, Harry didn't understand why, until he saw the spark of several bullets bouncing off his chest. More soldiers had entered from the other end of the hangar. His Aurors began to fight them off, but if they didn't break through quickly, they will soon be sandwiched. A low rumble at Harry's feet told him that the soldiers behind them had blasted through their wall. As he turned around, a hail of bullets pelted him, nearly shaving off his Barrier. Harry pointed his wand upwards – the light at the tip of his wand exploded into a blinding flash. The gunfire halted, the soldiers blinded by the bright light through their night vision scopes. Harry began his counterattack – from his still-lit wand he fired red beams of light in rapid succession – his Stunning Spells flew straight to the soldiers' heads, knocking them unconscious before they hit the ground. Before the first man recovered Harry had already taken out half of them. Some of them dived for cover behind a jet refueler or other equipment – Harry simply arced his spell to hit them from the side. One by one, he picked them off while barely sustaining any fire. Out of the corner of Harry's eye, he caught movement. He looked down and saw a grenade rolling at his feet. He only need a second to fling it away with his wand, but it was too late – the blast shattered his Barrier and knocked him on his back. His vision all black, body shredded by steel fragments, he heard footsteps approach and then felt bullets sink into him – two in the chest, and one through his head. He was dead. They had the wizards outnumbered three to one, but it was still too close for comfort. Five of Jake's team was down, from a second of weakness against a single wizard. Using his grenade worked, but it was a risky move considering that wizards usually flicked them right back. Now recovered from the blinding flash, Jake's team pushed forward to engage the remaining wizards. The wizards had managed to push out of the hangar, and were currently engaging every guard that responded to the alert. One wizard transformed one soldier's rifle into a grenade and killed two; another wizard set soldiers on fire and impaled them with conjured spears. They had downed three times their number but were slowly being overwhelmed by reinforcements. Jake's team took cover by the hangar door and fired on one wizard in the back; it seemed to take an eternity to break through his Barrier and take him down. Another wizard retaliated with green jets of light that flew with a howl of wind; two of Jake's team dropped lifelessly upon being hit. One wizard started raising earthen walls from the ground to provide cover – reinforcements brought in rocket launchers and blew them apart. One by one the wizards were finally being brought down, but the cost was too much – including Jake's team at the hangar, only six guards remained. Jake heard movement behind him and turned – no, that's impossible – he shot him in the head! The wizard, crawling along the floor, pointed his wand at him and shouted. " Imperio! " When the world returned to Harry, the first thing he saw was his blood spattered on his cracked glasses. Wordlessly, he flicked his wand and they were clean and restored. His shredded legs were still regenerating, so he turned over on his chest to face the hangar exit. His Aurors were gunned down, laying across the road outside. There was only one way to save them – " Imperio! " The soldier by the hangar door seized up; the hands grasping his rifle shook violently as he fought against Harry's spell with all his might. But he could not overcome the raw power of the Elder Wand. His hands stopped shaking, and he smoothly, sharply, turned to the soldier beside him and fired. Two shots, one in the chest and one in the head. The soldier across the hangar turned at the sound of the gunfire. "Jake, what are you doing?!" He aimed to the yelling soldier and shot him, too. He then advanced out of the hangar to the three remaining soldiers, who were approaching the Aurors to execute them. He opened fire and killed them. When he was done, the soldier slowly lowered his rifle, hands shaking. Harry stood up on his regenerated legs and ran to the nearest Auror. Tribett's whole body was riddled with wounds, but thankfully, no headshot. With immediate healing, he will able to recover. "Can you Disapparate?" Harry asked. The shrieking of the sonic weapons behind them was distant now, not able to interfere with the high concentration needed for them to teleport to safety. "Tch. What do you think?" Tribett gingerly twirled his wand in the air and vanished with a faint cracking sound. A few more of Harry's Aurors managed to retreat on their own, finally recovering enough from their sound-induced migraine to Disapparate. Those that were unconscious or in too much pain, Harry cast the Disapparition Spell on them, sending them to medical attention. Thankfully, none of them were fatally wounded. After evacuating his last Auror, Harry walked up to the soldier he dominated, pointed his blood-stained wand at him, and ordered him to kill himself. The soldier turned the barrel of his rifle to the underside of his chin. His hands were shaking more violently than ever, and tears were rolling freely down his cheeks. He stared straight into Harry, breathing heavily through clenched teeth. In the soldier's dark eyes, Harry saw a shattered man. Death would be a kindness. With an ear-ringing din, a rain of bullets fell upon Harry's regenerated Barrier. Reinforcement soldiers were closing in from all sides. The sudden attack made him lose focus,