*Hello Everybody! Some of you may know me as the author of The First Day of my forever, (A Harry Potter fanfiction) others of you may be completely new to me. Either way I hope you enjoy this Lord of the Rings fanfiction! Oh and Find the Pirates of the Caribbean reference first and receive a shout out in the next chapter!* A Fighting Daughtor "But Dad!" Exclaimed Aranel. "Your letting Arwin go!" "Aranel! That is enough! Arwin is older, not to mention much less outspoken than you! The last thing I need is for you to cause a scene at this important meeting!" Said Elrond forcefully. "I've been more places and seen more things than Arwin. Don't you think that I at least deserve to attend?" She pleaded. A breeze drifted through the trees causing the leaves to rustle, and Aranel 's black hair flowed out behind her. Her green eyes were fixed on her fathers, as they stood. Finally Elrond sighed, "If you will keep quiet and keep your opinions to yourself, you may come." "Thank you father." Said Aranel, content. She turned and stood at the balcony and looked out. "So you managed to break him down huh?" Asked her sister from behind her. "Told you I could." "I can't believe you." Said Arwin, as she shook her head. "I hear Aragorn is coming." Commented Aranel. "I hear Legolas will also be in attendance." Responded Arwin. They smiled at eachother and laughed. "But I did really want to attend this meeting. I want to know what everyone intends to do about this…" "You intend to volunteer…" It wasn't a question. Aranel straightened up and turned from her sister. "I knew it!" Exclaimed Arwin. "Aranel, you can't. You've done lots of reckless things but this is too much. This is a potentially deadly mission!" "This will be a war! There is no two ways about it! I don't want to be here when dad decides that we will leave to the undying lands! I refuse to go when I could make a difference! Arwin, I must go, I must help. It's who I am and who I am meant to be. You… you must not go. Promise me you will not leave this place until it's all over." They were both quiet for a long time before Arwin said softly, "They're here." Aranel leaned over the balcony to see. The first person she saw was a human, she didn't recognize him. The next through the gate was the person she had been looking for. A tall blond hair blue eyed elf rode in on a white stallion. She ran quickly down the stairs and to the stables. She arrived just before he did. She quickly picked up a brush and began combing her white mare. He walked in and placed his horse in one of the stalls. He took his time watering and feeding it before he came over to her. She turned around and curtsied slightly, "Your highness." She said. "You didn't have to rush out here you know. I would have come to you." She smiled and looked up at him. He pulled her into a warm embrace and she laid her head on his chest. "I've missed you." She said, her voice almost a whisper "And I you." He responded. They heard a racket coming from the direction of the gate, so they left together and made their way to the meeting place. Aranel sat beside her sister, who sat next to Elrond. "Strangers from distant lands, Friends of old… You've been summoned here to answer the threat of Mordor." Began Elrond. "Middle Earth stands on the brink of destruction. None can escape it. You will unite or you will fall." He continued. Aranel looked around at all the faces. There were some there that she knew from her travels. And others that were entirely new to her. There was also one, she did not trust. A human, Boromir, the same human that rode in ahead of Legolas. He was a blond human, not the same striking shade as the elves, and his eyes had a strange greed about them as they shifted about the others. She quietly voiced her thoughts to Arwin, who merely glanced at the man. Aranel knew she was right but did not press the matter. "Each race is bound to this fate, this one doom. Bring forth the ring, Frodo." Said Elrond. The small Hobbit stood and slowly walked to the pedestal. He placed the ring on it, and seemed both glad to be rid of his burden, but anxious for it to have left his possession. The sight of the rings sent immediate reactions through those gathered. All leaned in closer for a better look. Aragorn studied the rest carefully, but noticeably looking everywhere but the ring. "It is a gift." Said Boromir. "A gift to the foes of Mordor." He said, rising and walking around. "Why not use this ring? Long has my father, the steward of Gondor, Kept the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe. Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy. Let us use it against him!" he said, voice growing in excitement. "You cannot wield it." Aragorn said, breaking in. "None of us can. The one ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master." He said. "And what, would a ranger know of this matter?" Asked Boromir, contempt dripping from his every word. "This Is no mere Ranger." Said Legolas, standing. "He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegace." He said, his voice strong. A ripple of shock went through the crowd. "Aragorn? This is Isildur's heir?" Said Boromir, still quite contemtious. Aragorn's chin lifted, he knew he was being insulted. "And Heir to the throne of Gondor." Said Legolas, in a rather snarky manner. *Authors note: things written in italics are things spoken in Elvish, translated to be read in English.* " Sit down, Legolas." Said Aragorn. "Gondor has no king." Said Boromir, an even more arrogant air surrounding him. "Gondor needs no king." He said, and went back to his seat . "Of course not, all it needs is a throne warmer." Muttered Aranel. Arwin smiled, but attempted to cover it as a cough. "Aragorn is right." Said Gandalf. "We cannot use it." "You have only one choice." Said Elrond. "The ring must be destroyed." He said. "Now watch, someone, probably a dwarf will try and smash it." Whispered Aranel to Arwin. She smiled again but they quickly regained composure when Elrond looked at them. "What are we waiting for." Said a dwarf, who stood and grabbed his axe. He raised it above his head and brought it down onto the ring. The blade shattered, and the dwarf was sent onto his backside, the ring remained unharmed. "Called it." Whispered Aranel. "The ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli son of Gloin, by any craft we here posses. The ring was made in the fires of mount doom. Only there can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into Mordor, and be cast into the firey chasm from whence it came. One of you must do this." They all sat silent before Boromir once again spoke. "One does not simply walk into Mordor. It's black gates are guarded by more than just orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep. And the great eye… is ever watchful. Tis a barren wasteland, riddles with fire, ash, and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with 10,000 men could you do this. It is folly." "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has said?" Asked Legolas, rising. "The ring must be destroyed." "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it!" Shouted Gimli. "And if we fail, what then? What happens when Sauron takes back what is his!" Demanded Boromir. "I will be dead before I see the ring in the hands of an elf!" Said Gimli, sending the elves on the defense, which sent the dwarfs into a shouting match, drawing the men in, and soon Gandalf was shouting as well. "This is madness." Said Arwin. "This is politics." Chuckled Aranel. Suddenly a small voice was heard over the din. "I will take it!" Said Frodo again. The noise stopped as all looked to the small hobbit. "I will take the ring to Mordor." He said, his voice strong. "Though, I do not know the way…" "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, as long as it is yours to bear." Said Gandalf. "If by my life or death, I can protect you… I will." Said Aragorn. Arwin fidgeted in her seat, but remained in it. "You have my sword." Said Aragorn. "And My bow." Said Legolas, as he stood by Frodo. "And my axe." Said Gimli. Suddenly Aranel stood. "I will also be at your service on this journey, Mr. Frodo Baggins." "No you won't!" Said Elrond. "Yes, I will." She said, turning to face him. "Father, why do you think I wanted to come so badly? I knew you would send someone out. I can be of use to him!" "I will not send my youngest out to death so quickly!" "I am old enough to make my own decisions!" said Aranel, her voice hard, and her face set. "Aranel… I must also agree with your father. It is possible we will not return from this mission… I would not want that for you." Said Legolas. "It is not for you to decide. Besides, a life without you in it… is hardly a life at all." She said Gently. "I am your father and I will not allow it! I knew letting you come was a mistake and yet I did it anyway. You are to stay here." "I am no child! You cannot order me around as if I was! I will go whether you like it or not!" "You will not go and that is final!" "Father…" broke in a gentle voice, as Arwin touched Elrond's arm. "She will not stay. You cannot make her. You have tried many times… Let her go. She can be of use to them, I know she can." Elrond looked from Arwin to Aranel and said, "Fine. If you must go, then go." "Thank you father." Said Aranel, though Elrond did not respond. "You carry the fate of us all little one. If this is indeed the will of the counsil, Gondor will see it done." Said Boromir. Aranel scowled. She would watch this man carefully. "Here!" Came a voice from the bushes, as a small hobbit came running out. "Mr. Frodo's not going anywhere without me." Said Samwise Gamgee. "Indeed not, it is hardly possible to separate you two, even when he is summoned to a secret council and you are not." Said Elrond with a slight smile. "Oi! We're coming too!" Said Merriadoc Brandybuck and Perrigrin Took from an archway. Elrond turned with angry surprise. "You'll have to send us home tied up on a sack to stop us!" They said. Aranel chuckled at her father's reaction, but moved over to her sisters while the hobbits spoke. " I'll keep him safe. Worry not sister." Aranel said as she brushed the tears from her sisters eyes. "Keep yourself safe as well." Said Arwin. "Of course." Said Aranel. As she rejoined the group, just in time to hear It named the Fellowship if the ring. They all prepared to leave the next morning. Aranel was standing before her opened closet, wearing her pants, shirt, and boots. She reached into the back of the closet and pulled out the false door. "What do you keep in there, I wonder." Asked a voice from her doorway. Aranel whipped around and saw Legolas leaned against the arch. "All of my fun toys father knows nothing about." She responded as she removed twin one handed