"Oh – she's a loser AND a dyke – ten o'clock!" Pansy had been more-or-less tuning out the high-pitched commentary coming from her friend, leaning back on one hand and staring down at her phone. But she couldn't help but let her eyes snap up to see who the blonde woman beside her was referring to. She spotted the woman right away; black converse, acid wash jean shorts (acid wash?!), a non-descript cheap-looking black t-shirt and, of course, a red and black plaid shirt that was four sizes too big dangling off her shoulder. A large mass of dark tightly-coiled hair was piled on top of her head in a haphazard bun and Pansy almost thought she saw a flush of colour on the girl's dark cheeks. Her arms were full of books to the point of being comical and Pansy realized a moment too late that she was staring, and found her eyes locked in a stare with a pair of large dark eyes. Quickly, she snapped her head back down, forcing her eyes to focus once again on her cellphone and not look back up again. She couldn't help herself though, and lifted her eyes to Daphne for just a second. "I don't, like, actually think you can say 'dyke' anymore, Daph." Daphne tittered and flapped her hand dismissively at Pansy before seeking out her next target. "Oh my god suspenders is he twelve -" For the first time, Pansy wondered if the people walking past their sorority could hear Daphne mocking them. Term had kicked into gear and Pansy stopped by the coffee shop on the far side of campus that she never went to for the first time. She had been meeting with a friend nearby and decided she just could not drag herself back across campus without some much needed caffeine. She was paying little attention to the line, flicking through her Tinder messages with a scowl – who really though 'hey let's fuck' was a genuinely good way to get a girl's attention? – and so when she stepped up to the cash and lifted her head she was not prepared to find a pair of dark eyes staring back at her. "What can I get for you today?" Pansy blinked once, opened her mouth, and swallowed, suddenly forgetting whatever it was she was planning on ordering. The woman in front of her sighed and pressed two fingers against her temple – Pansy noticed that her nails were bitten short. "Coffee?" The woman prompted. "Tea?" "Oh, right. Uh. Coffee, medium, black." Pansy forced the words out and then took a chance to glance at the woman's nametag – Emily , it seemed… it didn't really fit, did it? – while she tapped her debit card against the machine and collected her drink. It was only when she was a block away and lifted the coffee up, catching a whiff of the beverage, that she realized she didn't even really like coffee nor would she ever drink it plain, and wondered why exactly she had forgotten to order her typical grande nonfat no-sugar half-sweet vanilla-hazlenutt latte 175 degrees and there-better-not-be-a-drop-of-foam-I-swear. At least the man who lived on the ground next to her philosophy building – Kevin, she vaguely remembered – was quite pleased with her mistake. When Pansy lay in bed that night and closed her eyes, a pair of dark black ones stared back at her. She wasn't entirely sure what possessed her to return to the coffee shop the next day. Nor was she sure why, when she glanced in and saw that the two people behind the counter were both blonde, she decided suddenly that she didn't really need coffee after all and turned around for the trip back to campus. Daphne never. Stopped. Talking. The two had been friends since they were three years old and normally it didn't bother Pansy quite so much. She had gotten used to drowning out her friend and tuning in at opportune moments when there was just enough scandal to make the story interesting, but that particular day it was grating on her nerves. The two were running slowly through campus, Daphne's blonde pony-tail bouncing, a smile on her sweat-free face as she babbled about the party she was at then night before. Unfortunately, Pansy had also been at that particular party, so she wasn't entirely sure why Daphne was still giving her the minute-by-minute rundown. Pansy knew she didn't look good when she ran. Her thin, straight, currently-black hair soaked with sweat and hung limply from her ponytail, her cheeks flushed, her face went blotchy, and her feet hurt. Frankly, she wanted to drop to the ground and whine until someone would carry her home. It was probably why, when she spotted a veritable cloud of coiled black hair further ahead and in the direction they were currently headed, she grabbed Daphne's hand and pulled her down a different path, finally breaking the stream of consciousness coming from the blonde's lips. "Honestly Pans I do not know what has gotten into you lately?" "Do you know anyone named Emily?" Daphne frowned, pausing her run to tap a pink painted finger on her lips as she thought. "Like, from Kappa Pi Nu? Or… the redhead from psych two-oh-four?" Pansy shook her head and Daphne's frown deepened. "Why do you even care?" Pansy sighed, not really wanting to explain whatever it was that was happening that she didn't quite understand herself. "Oh just drop it, Daph. I'm…fine. Just, like, on my period, you know how it is." The other girl nodded sagely and launched back into the story of the party, while Pansy's mind wandered off once more. As she tried to fall asleep despite Daphne's soft snoring later that night, she wondered what it would feel like to have her hands buried deep inside a mess of dark curly hair. It had finally reached the point in the semester that she hated most. Pansy was in the library. Pansy never went to the library if she could help it. It was so quiet and she always felt like everyone knew she probably didn't belong there. It wasn't as if she was stupid, not really. But, grades just didn't really matter that much to her. She had been accepted to this school on a cheerleading scholarship and had only even really come here because Daphne's dad didn't like it and they loved pissing off Mr. Greengrass almost as much as they loved the idea of joining one of the most prestigious sororities in the state, so here they were. And here she was, in the library, because she had to take a research methods class as part of her psychology degree – what even was research methods anyways? – and now had to write a paper about quantitative data or something and wasn't it just hilarious that she was doing research on how to write a research paper, but that was besides the point. What was not besides the point was that she was currently standing in a very small space surrounded by books that smelled old and staring at the spines in front of her, trying to figure out why her professor had demanded they use actual books instead of just the internet like always, when someone else entered the row. A tall someone, with dark curly hair struggling to escape the elastic holding it up, and deep piercing eyes. Pansy forced herself to keep her eyes on the books in front of her, wondering when she had turned into someone who avoided other people, as if she was scared . It felt rather pathetic really, which was why Pansy forced herself to look up. Once again, her outfit was appropriately ridiculous. She was wearing a long flowing black skirt and some sort of denim jacket on top of a plain white tank top. Actually, it probably would have been fine if she wasn't also wearing converse and a necklace with a giant lion on it. It had rubies or, probably, fake rubies stuck all over it. It was one of the gaudiest things she thought she'd ever seen. Unable to help herself, Pansy found her eyes travelling up her long smooth neck and wondering very briefly if it was as sensitive as hers. "Research methods, right?" Pansy frowned, blinked, reminded herself that she was a Parkinson for gods sakes and she did not gawk or stutter. "Yeah, actually. Are you… are you in that class?" "Mm, no, but a good friend is." The woman paused, seemingly deciding if she was going to say more. "Harry? Messy black hair, glasses, ridiculous scar-" "Oh my god he is such a-" Pansy paused, watching the frown crease over the other girl's forehead, and decided to change course. "I don't really know him." She decided instead. In fact, she did know Harry "look at how stunning I am" Potter. The asshole from the lacrosse team who everyone adored with some orphan sob-story that related to the scar that covered half his forehead. He had made quick enemies with her on-again, off-again boyfriend – or whatever you call someone who you sleep with when you're both drunk and pent up - and if she had to listen to one more goddamn word about "fucking Potter he thinks he's so great just because he's fast and Pansy did you see the atrocious jeans he was wearing at that party and can you believe he drinks Pabst like some common barbarian- " she was probably going to shoot someone. Shaking the train of thought from her mind she focused once more on the girl in front of her. "Emily, right?" She tried, and was surprised at the blank look on the girls face. "What?" She laughed, shaking her head. "No, oh. You must have seen me at the café, my name is too long to fit on the nametag so my boss decided that I could be Emily because I refused to let her put some butchered version of my name on there." She paused again, appraising Pansy in a way that sent heat rushing into the pit of her stomach. "Hermione." She said simply, extending a hand. "Her- sorry what?" Hermione shook her head at the girl standing in front of her. "Her- mione ," she tried, slower, and Pansy wondered for a brief second if, not incorrectly, this woman thought she must be absolutely dense. "It's my name. Shakespeare?" Pansy managed not to snort in response to this, after all she was named after a flower . "Ah, right. English major then?" "Also no." Hermione – what a name, much better than Emily, at least – shook her head, turning back towards the books. "I'll, ah, leave you to it, then." Pansy almost winced, wondering just what she was doing and how on earth she kept making such a big fool of herself. "Pansy." She tried, unable to stop the smile as Hermione turned her head towards her once more. "Like… like the flower." Well, that wasn't the smartest thing she'd ever said. "Psychology. My major, I mean." Hermione hmm'd in response and plucked a book from the shelf, skimming over the title. Pansy couldn't help but glance at it and realized that it was a book about research in regards to chemistry. Chemistry . Yuck. "Well. Pansy. Nice to… meet you, I guess." Hermione concluded, tucking the book under her arm, flashing Pansy half a smile, and disappearing back in the direction she'd come. Pansy leaned her head against the books in front of her, wondering just exactly when and why she had decided that she liked her name, if only because she wanted to know what it would have sounded like if Hermione had said it in a moan. "Daphne?" Pansy piped up, probably interrupting a story about another male conquest and the new necklace that glinted from Daphne's small neck. The blonde blinked, smiled, nodded to