THE DEVIL YOU DON'T – 13 – Over the corner of the wood, there came an ant. And another. And another. At least a dozen. Scurrying up and down the grain. Basking in the sunlight. Unaware he had led them out to their deaths. Ray slid his palm over the surface of the wood, between a particularly adventurous ant and the edge of the raft. He could spare them a few moments, even if they'd soon learn of the watery grave that awaited them. The boards were shifting beneath him already. Though for a sixty-year-old raft, he supposed five minutes afloat was pretty damn good. He should have gone into structural engineering. With some difficulty, he lifted his head from the ants to the place where water met sky. He tried to ignore the rusted barges and rigs that blocked his view. It was too pretty a day to go unappreciated. Even the smog from the graphite mines had dispersed. Not a cloud obscured the sun; it bathed the lake in diamonds. Graphite to diamonds. Ugly to beautiful. They'd never been able to do that on their own before. It was the machines in District 1 that had made their exports appealing. The machines in District 13 were of another sort entirely. "Doctor Tokamak!" There was ant crawling up his arm. He wondered, if it could speak to him, what would it say? Did it know that he had sealed its fate when he'd pulled the raft from the beach? "Raymond!" It wasn't his fault. He'd forgotten the homes that had been made in his absence. "Ray—" "I hear you, Iona." His ears were the only thing age had not touched. "What are you doing?" He could see her in his mind's eye: glasses perched on her nose, hair scraped back into a bun, hands placed just right on her hips to avoid unnecessary creases in her blazer. So out of place on the sandy beach. He wondered if she still wore those high heels she loved so much. He also wondered what sort of look she would give the critters scurrying across his knuckles. The thought made him laugh. "Doctor—" "I'm enjoying a beautiful day," he called back. "You should come join me." "I don't see another raft." "You could swim. The water's fine." He kicked his feet, submerged along with his ankles and calves. His pants and shoes were still on, but he didn't care. The soggy cold was appreciated. The back of his neck was sweating, and the air wasn't even warm. "We need you back, Raymond. It's time." He knew very well what time it was, even without a watch. "We have a few minutes. Come enjoy them with me." This time, he did look back, expecting to see his prim and proper assistant standing at attention, exactly as pictured in his head. Instead, the real Iona sat in the sand, knees pulled up to her chest, feet just close enough to the water for little waves to lick her toes. The heels were thrown off, carelessly, at her side. All those years she'd spent trying to impress him, and he'd never felt so strangely proud of her as he did in that moment. "I used to come out here as a boy." His voice was soft and ragged, but it carried over the quiet lapping of the waves. "Built this raft with my own two hands. It's nice, isn't it?" "It's falling apart." Ah. So it was. "Do an old man a favour and reel him in." He nodded to the gnarled lump of deadwood, tied to which was the rope keeping him attached to the land. His own mother had measured that length of rope, deciding just how far out he was allowed, and absolutely no farther. Funny how it was a rope that took her life a few years later. All creations destroyed their creators in the end, he supposed. It was the nature of progress. He should have gone into philosophy. Iona rose from the sand and tugged on the rope. The back of his raft responded, drifting towards the shore. One of the outer boards snapped. He scooted back; he'd never learned how to swim. Perhaps this was the way life had chosen for him to go. With all the inventing he had done in his years, there was certainly no end to the possibilities of what would deliver the final blow. Another board broke away. The ants were panicked now; they could see death coming. And yet they raced towards the edge of the raft, as though they wished to hasten the process. He wanted to believe there was honour in that—if done intentionally. More likely, these ants were stupid. They were, after all, just ants. On a whim, he scooped the survivors up in his hands, right before their board went underwater. He couldn't fathom why he'd done it. They were insects. And he was an old fool. He'd gone far too soft, far too late. There was an ominous crack , and then the wood beneath him was no more. He fell, straight into the lake, his armful of ants raised high, because damn, if this was to be his last moment of life, then he'd use it to save something. His rear hit the bottom of the lake before the water even reached his chest. Iona, as always, had done her job well. He heard the splashing behind him, and offered her his other arm as she appeared by his side. She pulled him up; his old legs, useless with sudden movement, flailed about ineffectually, further soaking her ruined skirt. "Sorry," he said, after he'd found his footing and she'd begun wringing out her clothes. "I know this isn't your cup of tea." "I used to come out here too. My father and I, we'd skip stones and see who could get the farthest." His expression must have betrayed his disbelief. She shrugged, walked back to the beach, and plucked a smooth, round rock from the sand, as if she knew just where to look for the best ones. It glided across the water, touching the surface once, twice, twelve times. His eyebrows rose. "I think that's the most impressive thing I've ever seen you do." "Too bad I hadn't known that during the interview." He smiled. Faint. It left his lips almost immediately. "What do you think Scaler would do," he said softly, reaching into his pocket and withdrawing a silver key attached to a red chain, "If I skipped this across the lake?" Iona's breath hitched. In the ensuing silence, he could almost hear her mind whirring away as she calculated exactly how likely he was to follow through based on his current sum of sanity. Regardless of the solution at which she arrived, her voice was calm when she spoke. "First off, you couldn't skip that. Not the right shape at all. And secondly," she added, stepping up to his side, "Scaler couldn't do anything, because I'd already have strangled you." "Out of anger, or mercy?" "Bit of both, likely. Thirteen knows Scaler would have you skinned alive." "She does have an unequivocally vindictive streak." They stood on the beach for a moment, watching the water. Nothing but the sound of waves caressing the shoreline. This had to be the only place in Panem where you couldn't hear the gunshots. Iona took his hand, pressing the key into his palm. "It's time to go." He looked at his other arm. The ants still clung to his sleeve; he was their lifeboat, now that he'd destroyed the ship. He'd take them with him. Why not? If he'd truly doomed them, then he could at least do them the courtesy of looking them in their tiny eyes when they died. – 13 – The control room was chaos when they arrived. Of course it was; one of their lead engineers, and one of the only four people in the world with a red key, had gone missing just before Panem's grand finale. "Fuck!" This from Alara, breaking away from the crowd of technicians the moment Ray and Iona stepped inside. "Where the hell have you been?!" "Enjoying the afternoon, Minister." He gave her as big a smile as he could muster. "You should have come. The lake was dazzling." 13's Minister of Health and Safety stared at him, mouth agape. Her red cheeks and redder hair were a sharp contrast to the starkness of the rest of the room. Everything else was either black or white, from the walls, to the computers, to the uniforms of the technicians. There was one more point of colour, light blue from the overalls of a man nearly hidden in the corner. Ray raised a hand in greeting. "Mr. Boron! Hello!" Boron only managed a grimace in response; to be fair, Ray was sure he held the same expression. Not that Boron was an unpleasant man, but his presence in a room reserved for those far above his level of intellect could only mean one thing. Iona, forever at his side, patted his arm. Ray couldn't stop watching the ants on his sleeve. Crawling, always crawling, looking for a way forward. Unaware he'd brought them into the lion's den. "Doctor Tokamak." And here she was, prowling towards him, every hair of her glossy black mane in place. "You are very nearly late." "I do believe 'very nearly late' is synonymous with 'quite on time'." Melliriam Scaler stopped with a foot of distance between them, not a hint of amusement or disgust curling her rigid lips. Cold, grey eyes swept across him, taking in every detail in an instant, from his dripping pants to the ants on his arm. Her face was unreadable. She was barely over five feet, but the mantle of "president" made her tower over everyone. Ray continued, for only her to hear, "Can you blame me, Melli?" He had to believe he saw a twinge of understanding in her eyes. That was all you could do with Scaler: pretend. "We are about to make a decision that will affect all of Panem." She'd already turned away, giving him no more than a disparaging glance over her shoulder. "Do try to think of people other than yourself. Now, get in your position." With Iona's help, he hobbled over to his desk and sank gratefully into his chair. He hadn't realised until that moment just how tired he was. So tired. Alara took the seat next to him, not without throwing a glare in his direction. On her other side, Boron sat, wringing his hands. Iona, behind Ray, put a hand on his shoulder. He wondered if the ants would jump ship, but they scurried away from the new fingers, content with the devil they knew. Scaler assumed her position at the front of the room once more, before a black podium. On its surface was only a small box, which she flipped up to reveal a keyhole. From her pocket, she withdrew a key identical to Ray's, and slid it into its slot. She raised her hand. "Get your keys ready," she said, and her tone betrayed no hint of regret. Silence fell across the room. The only thing Ray could hear was Boron's heavy breathing as he reached for a similar box on his desk. Iona's grip on his shoulder tightened as Alara did the same. He should have known it would come to this, before the talks had even begun. Scaler had never been one for the subtleties of gambling; she revealed all her cards right away, and the one with the biggest hand took the pot. Ray flipped his box up. The darkness within the keyhole spilled outward, encompassing the entirety of his vision. Within his pocket, his fingers shook. Whose bright idea had it been to use something so archaic as a key? His. He'd thought his creation required something more personal than entering