Okay so this story is just one chapter long but I'd still love to hear all your thoughts on it and it was actually a lot of fun to write :) Please review, hope you liked it and I'll have more fanfics up soon! xx Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger games, if i had i'd have met Gale, and I haven't :'( District 3 girl 3 I don't want to die, I don't! 2 Mummy, daddy, I love you. 1 I look up at the sky, the sun, perhaps the last sun I'll ever see. BOOM I'm running, running, towards the cornucopia, I'm a bloodbath I know it but no, no I can make it! I'll make it! It's in sight; I'll be fine, I know I'll be fine just grabbing a pack, a weapon and going, running. Agh! I collapse to the floor, my neck bleeding out, the district 5 boy running ahead, my blood on his weapon… I tried. District 9 girl BOOM. Run! Run Midair Run! I force myself to go, go faster, faster, faster! I have to make it to the middle and grab something. Ah! S-she just died in front of me! The 3 girl! No, no run, keep running don't stop! I'm in, a pack, it's there I can get it I can- AGH! I fall, the pack falling from my grip as a knife is continually plunged into me... Again, again, a flash of blonde hair… and then darkness… District 4 Male I'm doomed… I'm running but I know I'm doomed; he's coming for me… why couldn't it have been water. I can swim, I've always been able to swim, and I swam at home on the beach whilst my little sister collected the shells for me. I knew if I was reaped I'd never be in with the careers, I'm useless, and all I can do is swim. But now I'll never swim again, he's next to me, a machete raised; he must have already been to the cornucopia. It's being brought down, I won't scream… I won't. I fall. District 5 male Run! Run! Ha! I'm there, I've got it, a sickle, and a sickle is all I need. Now we need to go. A girl is running at the cornucopia, at me, NO! I won't let her beat me; I charge towards her and swipe my sickle across the air, slicing through her neck. She falls, she bleeds, and she dies. Ahead of me I see the district one girl, I turn to run but too late, she's on me, she's raised the knife, it comes down. No… I just thought... I thought I could win… I raise my sickle, but too late, she's stabbed me, the light is fading… I'm dying. District 6 female Oh my god oh my god! She just killed that boy! That boy is DEAD! Why am I here, why am I here. No… no I'm not running, she's seen me. MOVE! Cecilia move! I try to will my legs to go, to run but too late, she's on me, I've fallen trying to run, no! Tears roll down my face, soaking my cheeks, I just wanted to stay home but now I can feel her on top of me, and I close my eyes knowing this is the end. I'm not going to wake up. District 6 male "CECILIA!" no… no how can she be dead? We were going to form an alliance, she said we could be allies, she promised she'd make it, but she's dead, she's DEAD! NO! I can't stop the tears, the one last friend I might ever had just died right in front of me, and even though I know her heart has stopped beating I can still see the district one blonde girl stabbing her and stabbing her over and over with that knife, that knife she took from the cornucopia and is now using to mutilate my newly found friends corpse! "GET OFF OF HER!" I sprint towards them, her, the murderer, and the girl who took my friend away from me. OOF! No, no! I'm on the floor, I spin around and find a career already on me, he tripped me. Cecilia… I hear the girl's laughter behind me, the machete being raised, and then, nothing. District 9 Male Running, I'm just running for the woods, idiots… running to the cornucopia. My district partner is dead; I know that already, she was a bloodbath from the minute her name was called. Midair Evans. I can see her face, a weak smile upon her lips with her long red hair tied up in a ponytail. Midair… I'm sorry, but I couldn't save you, and I didn't, and now you're dead. But I won't die, I won't, I refused to get close to her, to anyone, this is a game of luck, of chance, you have to survive, you can't lose, losing means death, and I have to go home, to my family, my girlfriend I won't die. There's a backpack! I grab it, 12 grabs it too, no! It's mine, mine! I need this I won't di- District 7 female The cannons gone and I'm running, jumping over all of the other dead bodies that are already littered about the ground before me. An axe, I need an axe, I can use an axe. I got a 9 in training; I didn't get a 9 for nothing. I'll get that axe and I'll run, I'll go I'll- AH! No. No, no! In, and out, that was the spear that just went through my stomach. I collapse to my knees, my hand on my wound, he doesn't even bother to finish me quickly, and he thinks I'm a goner. No… he knows I'm a goner, he knows I'm doomed. I won't heal from this… one hit, that's all it took? Hunger games… This is what ended me… and I could do nothing about it… District 8 male The cannons gone, I heard it, I know it's gone but I didn't want it to go, why couldn't time have been frozen right there, right then, when all of us were on our platforms, my last seconds of genuine safety. But I'm not safe now, people are dying right before my eyes, both of 9 are gone, same for 6, and he district 3 girl is on the floor beside me, the blood from her neck still bleeding though her heart has stopped beating. I run, I have to run, somewhere, anywhere. The district two boys ahead of me advancing on the district 10 boy… how can they do this? How can they willingly attack and kill. How?! A girl falls to my left, the girl from 7. She got a 9, a 9! How is she, why is she dead?! A spear through her is all it took? One strike? Oh no… no! I felt it before I saw it, though I knew from the moment I saw the girl fall that I would be next. A knife, the boy was holding one knife and one spear, one in each hand. The girl got the spear, I got the knife. I collapse to the floor; I know I'm going to die now… I'll miss you dad… The last thing I see is my killer, as he throws a spear through the air, though I don't know who it hits. I'll never know. District 7 male Duck, left, right, uppercut, 11 is strong, I know but I have to dodge him, get around him. He already has a weapon and I'm defenceless, I can't but him off much longer. I spin and try to kick at his side, it's as if he didn't even feel it, he barely moves it and then all I see is the glint of the sword, shining in the sun, and then a splatter of blood. My blood. District 10 female I don't want to die, I don't, but I am. The spear is already through me as I lie here on the ground. I fell 3 seconds ago; those were a few of my last precious seconds. Maybe… Maybe martin will win… he's strong… I turn my head with my last remaining effort and see the big boy, with the dirty blonde hair, the career from two… Martin's seen me too. I can only hope that he makes it… District 8 female It's the second day… I survived the bloodbath. 8 others didn't. 8 others died. It's so cold, so… so cold. My mother told me I'd be okay, I'm only 13… she said 13 year olds would be fine, she promised. Mother broke her promise. I have to stay warm… I have to. I gather up some wood as the sun slowly sets, I learnt how to make a fire, I hope mother and father see, they'll see me make a fire and smile, knowing how resourceful their little girl is. I'm warm now… and so sleepy, I know I should put out the fire... but I'll be okay, I'll be warm. I know I need to be warm. So I sleep. Laughter, all I hear is laughter, no… NO! I can see the soft glint of the sun but I can hear the careers, they're above me, one with his sword raised. "No. Please don't hurt me!" "Aww… listen to the pathetic little brat. Cato… kill her." There's a smirk as the dirty blonde haired boy nods and raises his sword, then a sharp pain as he plunges into me. Through my clothes, into my skin. I let out a cry of pain and tears spill from my eyes. They simply laugh and begin to walk away, thinking me dead. They didn't even finish me… they just left me in pain. I can hear them, arguing, my cannon hasn't gone off, I'm still alive. "Ugh! I'll go okay?!" There's a rustling, and then one of the boys is in front of me, I whimper and try to shield myself but I know I can't. He shouldn't be with them… he's a district 12 boy. 12 doesn't mix with careers, but he did… he did. "I'll make the pain go away, okay?" I look him in the eyes, he has kind eyes, and he shouldn't be with people like them. I nod at him and try to smile weakly, mouthing 'thank you' as he takes his own knife, and draws it across my throat. Glimmer Ha, ha, and HA! We've got her, the 'girl on fire' stupid little girl who knew nothing about talking in interview, about presence, yet she got an 11… guess she knows something. No matter, she's going to die. It's like what lover boy said, she can't stay up there forever. I look over to Cato's sleeping form, he wants to kill her so badly, so does Clove, they must be angry that their spotlight was stolen or something, and when the boy declared his love for her I'm sure it only annoyed them even more. Is it wrong to consider hurting my ally? Hurting Cato, just so I can kill her instead? Yes… probably so, not because I'm above killing, I know that's a lie. But because I know Clove would be on top of me before I could even finish the job, and he might even wake up before I can finish it. You never know how they are trained in two. I'm meant to be on watch… but oh well… sleep won't hurt. Ahh! There are tracker jackers everywhere, EVERYWHERE! That horrible, horrible bitch! She cut through the tree and collapsed the nest. They're all over me. "MARVEL! CATO! CLOVE!" I thrash about wildly, sights forming in front of me, why are the trees bending over like that? And why are the flowers 3 metres high? No… no! The venom… the hallucinations. I see marvels running form and try to scream after him but