Hey everyone, this was originally meant to be my first story which I brainstormed with a friend of mine (AnItalianDuck), but instead I wrote 'Trained to Win' and 'A victory to remember'. If you've read them, you may even recognise a character in here, as I'm making a few slight changes to the canon story, but you'll see what I mean next chapter. So without further ado, here is 'An Unexpected Pairing' Chapter 1 – May the Odds be In Your Favour "How much?" The sun is barely in the sky by the time I stand facing Mr Mellark in the doorway of his bakery. There's little left in my game bag from the day before, but on such a day as this, I'll trade all of it for a bit of breakfast to take with me to the woods. "One squirrel." A squirrel? That's all? It almost feels like a crime when I trade my squirrel for the delicious bread I know will have just been baked. Bakers always do that, wake early and do all their baking in the morning, or the night before in some places apparently, I'm thankful that Mr Mellark and his sons do it in the morning, the fine bread is still warm to the touch, and I barely notice the morning chill. Yet as I turn to leave I hear a simple "Good luck Gale" behind me. It's silent as I head towards the meadow, and though it's true that few wake up this early in district 12, there are usually some about. Yet today is reaping day, and everyone will try to get all the sleep they can get, for two people it may be the last night's sleep they ever get. Before long, I end up facing a high chain-link fence, barring me from the woods, as well as enclosing the entirety of district 12 within it. It's meant to protect us from all the savage beasts that lie beyond it: bears, lynx's, wild dogs, yet to me it only ever seems to make home feel like a prison, though the gate stands silent when there should be a constant hum of electricity travelling through it 24 hours of the day, every day of the week. We're lucky if we get two to three hours of electricity here, so it's rarely ever on when I want to pass under the metre long stretch of loose gate and onwards towards the woods. It's still early, so I check my snares before heading to the rocky outcrop overshadowing the valley which is my usual meet up spot with Katniss; it'll be another hour before she even wakes up, though that doesn't stop me checking the hollow log where she stores her bow. Both of our fathers were hunters before us, I never knew Mr Everdeen well, but I know about his skill of carving bows. Katniss tells me she has near five of them stored around the woods, but her father's bow is the one she uses, and so long as it's stored within the log in its usual waterproof cover, I know she isn't in the woods yet. Sure enough, the bows still there, though I take a singular arrow anyway, my own bow is hidden not far from here in a similar log, but I don't feel like taking it out today, I have my hunting knife and if I'm attacked, it's all I need. When I get to my snares it turns out there was no point even checking them, I had game yesterday but today they're all bare, save one containing a rabbit which is so beaten up and chewed by some other animal in here, there's no sense in taking it. I simply throw it unceremoniously towards a bush before resetting the snare, and heading towards the meeting point. The suns higher in the sky by now that I can actually see where I'm going without any difficulty. When I get there there's still no sign of Katniss, and I sit down beside a blackberry bush and take out the baked bread from my game bag. To my delight it's still warm, and with a sly smile I skewer it with the arrow and place it beside me. I don't wait long before Katniss walks up towards me, and at the sight of me her lips curve into that smile of hers I've grown to love so much. "Hey Catnip." Both of us lost our fathers in the mine explosion five years ago, and both of us started to hunt in the woods on our own, I sometimes think its fate that we started to be hunting partners, though when she first met me she whispered her name so quietly she may as well have said Catnip. It didn't help that a lynx then started to follow her around causing the nickname to stick; I don't think it'll ever drop. Shame she shot it. "Look what I shot." I hold up the bread and smile at her. As soon as she sees it she lets out that laugh of hers and settles down beside me taking it in her hands and removing the arrow before raising is to her nose to smell it. "Mm, still warm. What did it cost you?" "Just a squirrel. Think the old man was feeling sentimental this morning, even wished me luck." I almost feel proud of getting the squirrel for such a cheap price, but we all feel closer today. "Prim left us a cheese." My eyes brighten as she pulls out a lump of cheese from her game bag. "Thank you Prim. We'll have a real feast." I can't help but smirk then as I take a few blackberries from the bushes and state "I almost forgot! Happy hunger games!" I look to Katniss who I know wants to laugh at my awful capitol-like accent, which everyone in district 12 knows so well thanks to Miss Effie trinket, and toss a single berry up in a high arc towards her. "And may the odds-" She catches it and swallows, smiling at the sweet juice before finishing "be ever in your favour." We have to joke about it; everyone else is scared stiff by the Games. 'Let's send 24 children into an arena where they fight to the death and only one of them can come out alive.' Besides, anything sounds funny in a capitolite accent, it's ridiculous. As I start to slice up the bread I can't help think about how much I detest the Hunger Games. 12 districts, all of them having to compete in a 'games' if it even deserves to be called that, 'hell' might be more appropriate, where one girl and one boy from each district goes to the capitol, is forced to dress like an idiot and ride on a chariot before having a few days of 'training' then being interviewed by one of the weirdest capitolites in the whole of Panem, and then being thrown into an arena to fight to the death live on television. "We could do it, you know." I don't know what makes me say it, but as the hate for the hunger games rises within me all I want to do is leave. "What?" "Leave the district. Run off. Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it." I know from the look on her face that she thinks it's a stupid idea, and maybe it is, but as I say it, it almost seems possible. "If we didn't have so many kids." They're not our kids of course, but our siblings: her little sister Prim who comes of age for the Games this year, and my three siblings, Rory (same age as Prim), Vick, and Posy. Then of course there are our mothers, we could never abandon them I guess… but as I think about it, it could work. We could all run, we come here every day and no-one bats an eye. After the games, which are mandatory to watch for at least an hour or two a day, Katniss and I could come out to the woods and try to find somewhere, an old abandoned house or something. If there was one, we could fix it up, and if not, we could build one, a cabin, far out in the middle of the woods. We could hunt, our mothers could cook, and we could teach Rory and Vick to hunt, Prim never could she always gets squeamish about hurting animals. Plus buttercup, an ill-tempered cat of prim's could keep away any vermin, and Prim's goat could give us milk and- "I never want to have kids." I blink at her, before looking out across the valley. "I might. If I didn't live here." "But you do." Her tone is irritated and just by those three words I know she'd never do it; it's as though my fantasy shatters before me. "Forget it." There's an uncomfortable pause which seems to go on forever, before Katniss finally plucks up the courage to break it. "What do you want to do?" "Let's fish at the lake. We can leave our poles and gather in the woods. Get something nice for tonight." And even though I didn't say it, I know both of us think it, after the reaping. We do well at the lake, and our previous tiff or whatever you call it, is forgotten. By late morning we have a dozen fish, a bag of greens, and a large quantity of strawberries. Katniss found the patch a while ago, and as the mayor likes them (and pays good money for them) I strung up some mesh nets around the patch to keep out the wild animals. Living in the Seam, we head straight for the Hob, a black market that operates in an abandoned warehouse that, once upon a time, held coal. It's called a black market, but practically all the seam folk and the peace keepers for that matter know about it, and no-one really classes it as illegal at all. Most businesses are closed on reaping day anyway, save the bakery, apothecary, and the Hob, which is still fairly busy; I've never seen it quiet during daylight. It's almost too easy when we trade the six fish for more decent bread (even if it's not from the bakery), and two more for salt. Greasy Sae then takes half the greens off our hands for a couple of chunks of paraffin. We could always sell better elsewhere, but she's the only one who takes dog meat off us. Not that we hunt it, but if it attacks, we kill it without a thought, and it's no use going to waste. Once done at the hob I go with Katniss to the back of the Mayor's house to sell half of the strawberries we picked. Madge, his daughter, opens the door, and even though I have no real reason to, I can't help but feel a slightness of contempt towards her. She isn't a snob, she's alright I suppose, and is almost a friend to Katniss (she doesn't have many…) but she isn't more the Seam, and that is why I can never like her, not properly. "Pretty dress." She shoots me a look and I don't react. It is a pretty dress, not surprising though considering who she is. "Well, if I end up going to the Capitol, I want to look pretty." I look at her confusedly and then my face darkens, and I know Katniss feels it. "You won't be going to the Capitol. What can you have? Five entries? I had six when I was just 12 years old." My eyes rest on the gold pin that adorns her dress, real gold, and beautifully crafted, it would feed my family for weeks. "That's not her fault." I look to Katniss but still I just feel anger. "No, it's no one's fault. Just the