EDITED 30 NOVEMBER 2013 - including new image and summary. Note: This was originally written about a year and a half ago, but since the movie was released, it's undergone a major revision. I've matured personally and as a writer, and it definitely shows, hence the increased rating from T to M. There won't be any graphic sex (sorry to disappoint), but it's primarily for strong language, alcohol, drugs, violence, and suggestions of sex. If Johanna and Finnick seem out of character, forgive me-I want them to seem weak and vulnerable. No one is perfect, especially these broken victors. Disclaimer: I don't own anything, from the Hunger Games to Macbeth (from which the title comes) to the lyrics I used as the dividers between vignettes. Please enjoy and review! Pairings: Annie/Finnick, Johanna/Finnick Instruments of Darkness (Act I, Scene iii) (And oftentimes, to win us to our harm, / The instruments of darkness tell us truths.) Part I " Next time I'll be braver, I'll be my own savior." – Adele, "Turning Tables" Just after the 68th Hunger Games She knows that the bodies were left there on purpose. The official story is that the father was drunk and shot his wife and daughter while the other was in the Capitol, and then shot himself. A tragic ending to a tragic story. But Johanna Mason knew the truth behind the facade. And it was her fault. Because Johanna, the victor of the 68th Hunger Games, refused to cooperate with President Snow's plans to prostitute her out to the wealthy citizens of the Capitol, her family was killed before she ever got to see them. The Peacekeepers had escorted her to her new home in the Victor's Village and then broke the news that there had been a tragic accident. Before they even got to explain anything, Johanna had understood and rushed through the familiar forests to her family's home in the middle class area of District 7 (if there really could be an upper class. It seemed to be lower and middle, with the Peacekeepers and Mayor being the upper class.). A sense of dread had washed over her when she saw that the front door was slightly ajar. And now, Johanna lies against the floor, where the blood has pooled. She doesn't care if she gets her family's blood on her. Her hands are already stained. Most of the tears have come and gone, and Johanna silently sobs what few tears she has left. It didn't seem fair. Hell, it wasn't fair. And as difficult as it is to admit, Johanna knows that there is no one to blame but herself. It was because of her selfish desires to protect herself that her family had been butchered by the Peacekeepers, and her father framed of the crime. When she refused Snow's offer, Johanna hadn't been thinking of her family, but of herself. By refusing to cooperate, Johanna had sealed her family's fate. Johanna was the true killer. Her selfish desires to save her own innocence had killed her family. What was a few nights spent with the Capitol elite compared to her family's safety and well-being? She wished she could go back in time and fix this. Yes, her father had been an alcoholic. Yes, her mother had been too afraid to ever say anything. And yes, her sister had obviously been the favorite of both parents and the entirety of District 7. But at least they would have acted selflessly and given themselves up to the Capitol's demands to save the rest of their family. Johanna couldn't claim any selflessness. She was the epitome of selfish. So while the tears fall, mixing with the blood on the hardwood floors, Johanna feels weaker and weaker. Gone was the fierce warrior she had become in the arena, and here is the image Johanna had created for herself back at the start. If only the Capitol could see her now. A night came and went, with no sleep. Johanna had murdered sleep. She would be haunted by her family and those she had killed in her dreams. But maybe in her dreams, she could change her fate. Maybe she could go back and accept Snow's proposal, sparing her family from the horrible death and reputation that was marked on the gravestones that would be made. But that would be too good to be true. No, Johanna was stuck in reality—a world where her own selfish acts had killed her family and quite possibly her own sense of self. Because as messed up and broken as her family had been, they were still family, and Johanna couldn't possibly be more broken than she is now. After all, how could she cope with the fact that she had destroyed her own family? As the sun rises, filling the windows of the small wooden house—built by her own grandfather—just as Johanna remembered from growing up, the guilty young woman stands, walks silently through the dense woods where she had spent countless hours with her father, learning the family trade. She steps into her own house and tries washing the blood off of her body with cold water. As hard as she scrubs, there are still spots of blood on her hands. There always will be spots of blood on her hands. Johanna changes clothes and walks back outside, heading toward the town square, where she might be able to see a doctor. Surely some morphling would heal her heart, or at least make the blood on her hands disappear for a while. " I, oh, must go on standing; you can't break that which isn't yours. I, oh, must go on standing; I'm not my own, it's not my choice." – Regina Spektor, "Après Moi" Just after 68th Hunger Games Every day was the exact same for Finnick Odair. He woke up, went home, took a cold shower, spent the day at various political functions, went to dinner with his most recent Capitol lover, spent the night with her. Lather, rinse, repeat. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. It never changed. The only times Finnick had to himself were the early mornings where he laid in the dark, trying to ignore the breathing of the person beside him, or the few nights that he had to himself in his own apartment by the City Circle. Those wonderful nights he spent in solitude were the only reason he kept his sanity. Well, the silence of solitude and scotch. He only put up with this to protect his family. His dad, who was everything Finnick wanted to be, his mom, who Finnick had always been close to, and even his younger brother, who Finnick had not necessarily seen eye to eye with. However, family was important in District 4, and Finnick Odair would never neglect his family. There were times when Finnick wanted to go to President Snow and say that he was done, but he knew that refusing to cooperate would only spell doom for his family. And Finnick couldn't do that. He couldn't even think of it, because somehow, Snow would find out. Finnick lived in constant fear that the tyrant would even learn of his growing feelings for Annie Cresta—his best friend from growing up's little sister. The only times he allowed himself to think of Annie were late at night and times like this—when Finnick was sitting on the beach staring out at the ocean, watching the sunset. He didn't know what he felt for Annie, but the feeling he got in his stomach whenever he saw her told him that it was more than just friendship. And when he thought of her being reaped (because she was still of age), Finnick wanted to personally strangle anyone who could have put her name in that glass bowl. The color of the sky varied from orange over the ocean to a deep blue behind him. Fishing boats in the distance were black. Gentle waves crashed on the shore, occasionally moving up to tickle Finnick's feet. This was his comfort zone—the beach outside his childhood home at sunset. He was happiest in the water, but felt the most at ease on the sand. How long had he been out here? Finnick always lost track of time. He felt someone sit down next to him, a comfortable presence. Long, wavy brown hair tickled his bare shoulder. "I brought you some cookies as a welcome home gift, Finnick. We all missed you," a familiar voice said. Finnick refused to turn and look into her eyes, afraid that someone would take that as romantic feelings and report it to Snow. Out of caution and a longing for Annie's safety, Finnick said nothing. Besides, he was always better off in silence. Then he wouldn't mistake his company's words with the voices in his head. "You were gone for a long time, Finnick," Annie said softly, tentatively putting her hand on his knee. He flinched and she removed her hand. Finnick mentally groaned. He loved when she touched him. But because he knew that he would end up falling for her, and killing her, Finnick merely said, "Go away, Annie." She sighed, but complied, standing up and leaving the ceramic plate of cookies next to him. He heard her quiet footsteps fade away, and resisted the urge to look back at her. Finnick kept his gaze on the water. Everyone was safer if he stayed reclusive while at home. He only needed to be outgoing when on camera. But how could he know if he wasn't? When was he really safe? Finnick sighed, feeling tears come to his eyes. No one was safe, not even the great Finnick Odair, and especially those close to him. How could anyone he loved be safe when he didn't own himself? He was a slave to the Capitol, and if he cared for anyone, he gave the Capitol the tiny bit of control he still had over himself. And if he passed over that minute sliver of independence, he had turned his loved ones into slaves to the Capitol as well, just maybe not as bonded as himself. Finnick had been branded as the Capitol's whore. So yes, solitude was safest for everyone. " But I will hold on hope and I won't let you choke on the noose around your neck." – Mumford and Sons, "The Cave" 69th Hunger Games Johanna is miserable. The Capitol is terrible. It has been six months since she came here for the Victory Tour. Normally, the victors are given a few years off before having to mentor. Johanna isn't that lucky. She's the only female victor left in District 7, and the gamemakers won't allow two male mentors per district. And so Johanna is forced to mentor tributes older than her sixteen years just one year after winning the Games herself. The tributes don't take her seriously. Why should they? Johanna knows that she comes across as unapproachable and rude and uncaring. The simple answer is that she doesn't want to be approached, isn't nice, and doesn't care. The more complicated answer is that she doesn't want them to die and wants to block the memories of her own Games. The real answer is that she wishes she could go back into the Games and die. Blight probably wants to strangle her right now because instead of being with her tributes, Johanna is aimlessly wandering the Training Center, briskly walking in the opposite direction if she hears footsteps or senses an incoming presence. She wants to clear her thoughts and not think about where she is or why she is here. People call her reclusive and it's probably true, but wouldn't they be if everything had been taken from them, too? Johanna is friendless, family-less, and freedom-less. That's enough to drive anyone to depression, or at least a morphling addiction which Blight had cut in on after only two months, much to Johanna's dismay. Eventually, Johanna finds herself on the