Some stories created by the internet are amazing. Heroic. Definitely worth sharing. Like people getting popular on social media for doing an act of true kindness, or calling out a wrongdoing and getting it fixed. Now, my story is a bit different. Annabeth, a popular vlogger and my new best friend calls it fate. Leo, a once Vine star now hilarious textpost account, call it the dumbest of luck. But something in my mind says karma. Usually karma is bad happening to bad people who deserve it, but I feel like this was the opposite. This is why. "I hear that girl Piper got a 39% on her Math Test!" A girl with newly ombre-d hair blabbed to her friend group, with their backs to me. Her friend, who was wearing an outfit I saw on a popular girl last week, gaped. "How can you do that? You would have to try to be that stupid!" Her friend laughed. "I hear that the only answers she got she copied from Reyna." The group grinned. "Ugh she's so perfect, it's hard to not want to be like her. But still, that's so low, leaching off of how smart Reyna is to get above a fail." The girl speaking I vaguely remember from a Spanish class we had together. Her name was Jessie or something, and I remember she was super annoying. How many times "Oh-lah Piper...umm...-o. Coh-mo est-ahs" was repeated through the year, the world would pray to not know. But ouch. Me. Their talking about me! Before I could stop myself, I walked up to them. "Nice try. I got a 74%. At least have the decency to get your facts right." So that line might have been cool if I wasn't super flustered right now. Of course, I know people talk about me and stuff, but this was ridiculous. It was literally in front of me. And they thought I copied off of Reyna? no thank you. The day I ask for help from that girl is the day I become a blue footed booby. See, everyone loves her, but something about me ticks her off. The jabs will be quiet and rude, unlike the more obnoxious Drew Tanaka, whose troublesome tendencies have given her a one shot ticket to nothing but community college and an angry life. But still those tendencies have been making my life more of a living hell. I promise I don't try to make it a Zero to Hero kind of thing, but honestly, that's the best way to describe it. Or well, the zero part is actually more accurate. With two girls, both popular in their own rights with most of the school following them, picking on me, very few people would accept me as a friend. Then subtract from those the amount that are high off their asses and the number is even less. And that tiny little number is the only shot I have at friends, but they only talk about things I don't understand, with different fandoms or bloggers or TV shows that I didn't know existed. It was rough. But in order to truly see how it happened, we have to go back to my flush faced snap. The girls all turned red, and someone who was watching the exchange chuckled. Out of my peripheral vision I saw that it was Percy Jackson, the gorgeous trouble maker who always went out of his way to get out of Reyna's way. He tried to befriend me, but it was awkward since I usually don't have to make small talk so we kinda sat there chilling until Percy couldn't handle the silence and started blabbing. He was really funny and nice, but I didn't like him as anything more than a potential friend. Sorry, ADHD here, back to the present! Someone from their group gasped. Gossip is like it's own subject here, because lunch is, for so many more people than it should, gossip central. Each person wanted to get a better status, so the gave more popular people the juicier gossip so they would talk with them again. It was a terrible system that I refuse to follow. There was so much back-stabbing, lying and sucking up that made the person feel really inferior to the girls who would decide whether or not to boost the popularity. It was, as I said before, ridiculous. SO although they had all gossiped like it was a sport, I bet that group of girls have never been stood up to. And honestly, it wasn't just them, but so many more people gossiped that the back of my mind said "Do they deserve this? Look at them! They look so ashamed!". The front was screaming though, yelling some profanities that I don't really feel the need to repeat. One girl opened her mouth, looking like she was going to apologize. Nope! No I am not done quite yet, so I cut over her first stammering. "I don't care. Cut the act. But just a tip. Think before you speak, or it sounds like you don't think at all. And if that were the case, then I think it would be easier for people to comprehend that you could get, say...39% on a math test? Have a nice day." Okay wow my bitch mode took over. I'm starting to sound all terrible, like Reyna, but with the confrontational piece like Drew. I rush over to my next class, not caring that there's still a bit of lunch left. I brought mine, freshly made by my father's personal chef. Another thing is I don't use other people to get my popularity, like I said before, but because my dad is who he his, it wouldn't be hard. I pass movie poster after movie poster of him, falling in love with various women, which is okay because my mom left us when she found a place in France to live with her other daughter, who was...not arranged. She had an affair, and couldn't admit to it for a long time. So she left us. I'm alright about it, since I only remember the flashes of memories where she would be holding me on her hip. There were more photos taken of me when she was here than have been taken of me for the next decade to the present. Dad started acting more, and better, because he knew heartbreak, and that was an element in so many movies you can't believe it. So my dad is extremely famous, but I try not to show it. The attention would be fast and annoying, then people would go back to gossip, so it just doesn't come out. And attention in general isn't my thing. Take my clothes. I have these old beaten up converse that I fell in love with, a few big sweatshirts that make me feel like I'm in bed with blankets, and some nice jeans, yoga pants and leggings. It's not fashion, but it's comfy. I tear off little fuzz-balls that are on my sleeve as I wait for people to flood the English room. Mrs. Deluardo, the teacher, gave me a weird look. The teachers are confused by me, because they know that I could make my status change easily, since they have had parent teacher conferences, but I don't change it, so they just sit there puzzling out how someone with the potential to be popular doesn't take it. It's so unusual to them. Mrs. Deluardo was a larger woman that reminded me of the teapot from Beauty and the Beast, except she gave essays and finals. She wasn't my favorite, but she was nice enough. My subconscious notes that the bell has rang. The one thing in this class that sucked was Reyna. And speak of the devil, I saw glossy curls and heard a cute little giggle that could only be the girl that made my life hell. She was with her friends Gwen, who was a sporty girl who was a bit blunt, but nice, a sweet little girl named Hazel with the prettiest eyes, and a boy named Steven. As I looked up, I saw someone else that I didn't recognize. So just a little observation about him. Even though I've been to movie premieres, walked the red carpet, and been to dozens of movie sets, the boy if front of me rivals most teen actors I've ever seen when it comes to looks. He was like Percy. Perfect. He had defined features, a strong jawline, golden blonde hair styled just right, pretty electric blue eyes, and a gorgeous body. Wow. But my fantasy ended quickly. Reyna's eyes caught me. There were four empty seats around me. She confidently strode up to me. "Hey could you do us a huge favor?" I was taken aback. What was she doing? I followed her eyes to pretty boy and knew. Good first impression. I see. I was going to stutter out a response, but she gave me a little shove when no one was looking. She pretended to gasp, and help me up, kneeling down with me, and smirked. "Don't worry, you'll find something to write on. How about your chest? It's flat enough." I looked down. I actually have around the same size as her, with a smaller waist, but I wore sweatshirts, so she wouldn't know. She gave a victorious chuckle that she disguised fluidly as a cough when I didn't answer. I took my backpack and fled to the corner, where Dakoda was examining his nose with his eyes crossed, high af. I blanked out. Our teacher started talking, going over the agenda. Blah blah blah, blah blah blah, new student. I looked up. Mrs. Deluardo didn't miss that. "I'm glad to know that you will pay attention to something I'm saying today, Ms. Piper." She said, since I usually tune her out like I was doing before. I blush for another time today. "Why don't you tell us about yourself!" The new boy gets up. He's tall, around 6'0. Sigh. "Hi, I'm Jason. I'm new to California, and I used to live in Pennsylvania. I play football and lacrosse, and I" He paused his confident speech when our eyes met. He gave a tiny intake of breath. Was he laughing at me? Did I face something on my face? I checked, and it was negligible. So what was that? He continued quickly. "like the color red." I'm wearing a red sweatshirt, so he was probably just nervous. People clapped or did whatever, and I tuned the class back out. Half of me wondered if I could get away with listening to music or sleeping, but decided against it. Before long, I heard the bell give that annoying double ding and started to go to my other class. For some reason Reyna was dawdling. Her friends left her after she waved to them to go. 'Dismissed' like royalty to servants. "Pepper. Here's the deal. You don't waste the energy to even look at Jason. He's not mine yet, but he sure as hell will never be yours. So move along, but just a warning. Tread carefully." She started to walk away, but turned one last time. "Because you remember last time." She gave a smirk and walked away. Subconsciously, I reached over to my choppy cut hair, given to me at camp by someone employed by Reyna. She was evil. I struggled to get my heavy backpack and walked out. Biology was next, and was probably the worst. Drew was more forward than Reyna, but was less intelligent, so her comments were negligible, but it was her actions I had to watch out for. We were working on enzymes, and today we had a lab. It was pretty simple, but smelled had to put liver into hydrogen peroxide, watch it foam,and record the temperatures. As a vegetarian and animal rights activist, it completely grossed me out. My lab partner