Hello Lovely readers Yes, this is a story I posted years ago and ignored. I am trying to update it (I realize my writing sucked) and finish it. I promise that although I might not update quickly, I will update eventually. (I have a Harry Potter fic that I work on regularly and my own fics that I don't put on Fanfic they're sort of juvenile…and I've been sucked in the world I Divergent, so I'm reading that as well. I'm also beginning an internship and I'm doing spring sports which will take up a lot of my time.) So please don't give up on me! Anyway, this takes place after the rebellion. I loved the books; they were excellently written. But I hate how Katniss and Peeta wind up together. If you ask me, they might survive, but I think she would be much happier with Gale. Gale and she are so similar (which can be a good and bad thing) but they have this passion and fire that I don't see with her and Peeta. I think the way Peeta treats Katniss makes it seem like she's not a tough, strong woman. It's like feminism never existed. Therefore, I am Team Gale all the way. Also note, I do not except Gale and Katniss to get together very soon in this fic. Like the books, it will take time, so I am working them into a relationship. Be patient. This is kind of how I write all my stories; I like to ease into them. Alright, well thanks for reading my rant! If you have any comments or questions feel free to review or send me a PM! I love hearing from my readers! It also really really motivates me. In fact the first review I have for this story allowed me to come back to it! Thanks a lot! 3 Disclaimer: Suzanne Collins didn't know how to end the Hunger Games Trilogy, but I do. (Hahaha wow…that was kind of aggressive) So here's my version of how it will go. Chapter 1: Tough Love My name is Katniss Everdeen. I am 17, almost 18 years old. I live in the remainder of District 12. There are 13 districts in the country I live in called Panem. District 12 suffered major destruction after the Rebellion started. Not only did the Rebellion destroy many things, it ruined my life forever. My father had been killed in a mining accident ages before the Rebellion started. I lived with my mother and younger sister, Prim, in the Seam of District 12. I hunted with my best friend Gale, who resembles me quite well because we are both from the Seam; if you didn't know the two of us you might think we were brother and sister. Everyone from the Seam had dark hair and eyes, and olive skin. Everyone, except my mom and Prim; they had blonde hair and blue eyes. My mother was not always part of the Seam; she had a nice comfortable life until she met my father and married into the Seam for love. That's where my sister received her beautiful bright blue eyes. My life was good. Although we didn't have much, we survived off of what Gale and I brought back from the woods and whatever we could trade for the animals we didn't eat. Then came the fateful day where I volunteered to be in the Hunger Games. I volunteered to save my sister's life. I saved her that day. The Hunger Games are held once every year, two children, one girl one boy, from each district one through 13 must participate in killing each other. In the Hunger Games, winning means fame, glory and fortune…losing means death. One winner takes all. I won the 74th Hunger Games. I'm not the only person though. Peeta Mellark, my fiancé, won as well. We were never friends before the Hunger Games, Peeta and I. He was from the rich end of town and I the Seam. He once gave me loafs of bread to feed my family. Apparently he had a crush on me since we were like four years old. I never noticed. I was too busy trying to keep my family alive. During the Hunger Games he declared his love for me and proposed. I just couldn't say no – if only it were that simple. I had no choice but to go along with it for my survival and my family's. Peeta was trying to save my life, and I understand that. I still wasn't keen on him at the time, but when Caesar Flickerman announced that Hunger Games' rules were changed so that two victors would be accepted winners of the Hunger Games if they were from the same district, I ran to find him. I couldn't stand to see more bloodshed than was necessary. Eventually after surviving so many traumas, we were the last two left. We waited for the hovercraft to pick us up. But nothing happened. The rules had been changed again. To win I'd have to kill Peeta. I didn't want to of course, and I suggested we commit suicide and give the Capitol (no victor. They immediately let us both become victors. That fatal movement when I held up the poisonous berries started the rebellion. I was the cause. I was…well…am the Mockingjay. The Rebellion killed Prim and that is when I swore never to be the Mockingjay again. It will never go away, so why should I bother trying? My life fell apart after my sister was killed. Gale moved to District 2. My mother moved to District 4. Nothing has changed about the country…well that's not entirely true. For example, we have a new president, President Winter. I do not like the resemblance to President Snow's name, but she seems…not as bad. The districts are being rebuilt. There are new inventions being built and a togetherness of all the districts. The economy is improving and people seem to be generally happy. That is until reaping day is here. It still comes once a year. It never will stop. I will never go back to the arena…I hope. I don't know how I survived the second time I went in. That is why I don't want kids. I'm not happy in my life. I am not sure why I'm living in it. There must be some reason. I've asked Peeta multiple times, but he only just started to look at me again. I'm not sure if I even love him. I don't know if I ever really did. Maybe I love him like a brother. Or maybe I've just changed. Maybe my heart has been broken too many times to be in love again. He proposed to me one day, and I said yes, but not because I love him, but because he loves me. I didn't see any point in one more person being unhappy. I never really thought about my future after Prim was gone and my mother left me. There was nothing left to care anymore. I sat up in a bed in Peeta's Victor House in the remains of District 12 one month before the 75th Hunger Games. The Capitol decided to redo the 75th because the rebellion ruined it; those games were never completed. I keep thinking that if we had just finished those games, there would have been so much less death. I am going to the annual Victor's brunch in the Capitol in one week with Peeta and Haymich. When we're there it will be decided who will become the mentors for the new Hunger Games. I will have to become a mentor because I am the only female victor from District 12. I have no idea who will be mentoring for District 13. Perhaps those tributes won't get a mentor at all. Personally as a mentor I will have to work on being more grown up and not coward in the corner like I am now. I know this. Gale used to treat me like the strong person. My mother obeyed me as if I were the mother. My sister allowed me to just be who I was. Peeta helped me become this small person who I am today – a fragile being. Peeta walked in once the thought left my head. "Good morning, darling," Peeta said as he walked over toward me carrying a tray of pancakes. He kissed me on my forehead and sat down beside me. "I'm sorry," he said remembering the awful things he said to me during the Rebellion. "You can stop apologizing," I told him mindlessly. He had been apologizing to me ever since he got his memory back. I'm told he constantly apologizes because he loves me. But I've also been told that because I don't really care what he says to me it means I don't really love him. After weeks of thinking, I found it in my heart to admit to myself that I do not love Peeta as a partner. He is only my friend. "I can't help it, Katniss," Peeta said, putting his hand on my leg. I instantly tense, and he recoils. "I feel terrible for the way I treated you. I don't know how you ever forgave me." "A lot of things happened. We must learn to forgive each other, right?" I asked him. I just had to play my cards right and give Peeta a life he wants. This was a small sacrifice for me; there was nothing in my life worth living for anymore. Peeta deserves to be happy after everything he has been through, and I intended to give him a life that he wanted to live in. "Thank you, honey," He smiled and handed me a breakfast plate. He made toast with butter and jam. I never really got used to eating something so light and airy for breakfast. Although it was more than I typically ate in my life before I entered the Hunger Games, I was still hungry when I finished. "So, are you ready to go for the Victor's Brunch?" He asked me, trying to force conversation between us. For the last few weeks we had barely talked. I didn't know what to say to him. I didn't have anything to talk to him. "I guess." "Well, you know that you will be the mentor for our girl tribute," Peeta said. "I know…we know you won't be mentoring as well," I said, referring to Peeta's hijacking. I knew he was completely healed from it, but I prayed that the other victors didn't see that. They would send him home, and I wouldn't have to see him for the entirety of the games. "Katniss, we both know I am better and more stable now. I can do it with you by my side," He said looking at me. I looked at my plate now empty. I wished there was more, so I wouldn't have to speak. "No, Peeta. You can't," I told him and set my plate down. I stood up from the bed and turned to face him. "I get a say in this…I don't think you're-" "Not, just you, but the rest of the victors get a vote as well," Peeta said, eyeing me skeptically. "Remember I am the girl on fire; I can be very persuasive," I said and walked into our walk in closet. My wardrobe had changed since the rebellion. I now wear clothes similar to the clothes they wear in the Capitol, but toned down a lot. Not because I want to believe it's me, but for the image. Now that I really have no soul reason for living, I allow Effie to dress me how she chooses. But after about two months in these clothes, I've discovered they really are quite flattering and comfortable. I might have to reconsider my opinion of them. "But-" Peeta continued as I stepped out of the