I want to preface this story with a bit of backstory on myself, because I am trying to put myself in the story, not just some OC I came up with and thought would be fun. I've played cello since I was three and a half years old. I've hiked with my family down Havasupai (The grand canyon) every year Since I was seven years old (Though, not so much in the recent 2-3 years). In sandals when I was eight, because of an unfortunate mix up where my sister's' shoes and mine were exactly the same, just a size apart, I grabbed hers, and she didn't grab any, so she got to wear the boots and I had to hike in sandals. Wooo. Growing experience. I have a bit of a thing for survival facts, and just love the idea that if something were to happen, I could survive on my knowledge alone out in the wilderness. I'm part of an sca group, am moderately sufficient at archery (Been doing that on and off for a few years), currently getting into Rapier, belly dancing, and club juggling (I got balls down, thought it would be fun to step it up.) I have moderate horse riding experience, have an overabundance of love for pretty much all animals, including snakes, most bugs, fish, and all those splendid creatures. I'm an avid seamstress. I talk to myself a lot. This story is going to start off pretty slow. We probably won't see any known LOTR characters for a few chapters. For the purpose of ease, I am going to pretend Westron is basically old english, cause I kind of always dislike when there's that huge language barrier. Makes things really difficult to enjoy for me. I'm going to try not to get too graphic on here, though I will likely write some graphic stuff and edit it out, posting it somewhere else. If I do that, I will give links. Now that you know all that, I hope you enjoy the story, believe me when I say I am not trying to make her Mary Sue, especially in the beginning. Questions, comments, criticism (can has constructive, not mean?) are all welcome. I'm writing this for my enjoyment, but I do hope others get enjoyment from it as well, and I would be happy to have input on where I should go with it. I intend for this to be a trilogy. Falling Apart, Rebuilt, and The Last Goodbye. Westron - "Words" Sindarin - " Words" Thoughts - 'Words' On to the story. I present to you, Falling Apart. The first thing I realized upon rejoining the world of consciousness was that I was really cold, kind of sore, and decidedly not in my warm bed that I remembered falling asleep in. I blinked my eyes open slowly, searching for my blankets. For a moment, it was dark enough, and I was still waking up, so my surroundings didn't really register in my mind. Then my eyes focused, and I yelped, sitting up quickly. "What the hell?!" My voice came out a pitch higher than normal, and I was so startled that I warranted the use of a swear word. Usually I preferred not to swear, I liked to think that I was eloquent enough and had a large enough vocabulary that I could bring my point across without the use of swear words. This was not one of those moments. I was in a forest. A very dark, creepy forest. Now don't get me wrong, I love forests. One of my favorite places in the world is the coastal redwood forest, because it makes me feel like I'm in a fantasy movie. Like a unicorn could just come walking around a tree at any moment. I would put this forest in the same category as the coastal redwoods, just...darker. Older. The trees were huge, towering above me and making me feel rather small at my relatively average stature of five feet four inches. They felt sad, and somehow angry at the same time. Moss hung from any surface it could, causing everything to seem warped and heavy, branches seeming to lack the energy to reach up and catch the sun. They were densely planted, too, and they looked incredibly old. Not much light made it through, and what light did manage looked gray, like there was heavy cloud cover. I sat for a moment more, shivering. Was this some sort of sick prank? A tv special thing? Throw a girl in a forest and see how long it takes for her to die of starvation and dehydration? That slightly morbid thought helped me to steel my nerves and focus my mind from the slight panic that was attempting to take hold. They picked the wrong fucking girl. I took a deep breath, calming myself and gritting my teeth slightly against the whole body soreness that had developed from laying on the cold ground of the forest for who knows how long. It was covered in small rocks, moss, and leafy debris, so all in all not the worst ground one could sleep on, but definitely not the best, either. Rising up with a stifled groan at my cold muscles, I spun in a slow circle. The trees told me nothing of what direction I should go, there were no footprints of whoever had left me...How had they gotten me here? Was I drugged..? Glancing down, I realized one of the reasons why I was so cold. I was wearing nothing but underwear and a tank top. The underwear had little bits of lace around the top, and were a light mint green with white polkadots. The tank top was a solid deep blue. It was no more revealing than a swimsuit, but the open air of the forest certainly made me feel very vulnerable. I wasn't a terribly fit person. Average height, weighing around 135 pounds, most of it in my hips and thighs, a bit in my stomach, and a decent amount in my bust. I wasn't in the habit of being self conscious, I had long ago decided that the only opinion that mattered was my own, and that I quite liked myself. That changes when you appear in strange forests wearing practically nothing, apparently. Another yelp, this one far more horrified than the last, tore it's way out of me at my discovered state of undress, and the forest once again heard an echoing "What the hell?!". "What kind of person abandons another person in a dark, creepy forest, with nothing but...but...Underwear?!" I angrily asked a nearby tree, kicking angrily at the ground, and promptly regretting it as my bare foot hit a tree root and I hopped around for a moment, holding the hurting foot. "Fuck. Not a good idea." I set my foot down again, a bit gingerly, painful consequences causing the anger to dissipate rather quickly. Spinning around slowly in another circle, I tried to see if there was anything I could try to cover myself up with, then promptly decided to fuck that idea. I was in a mysterious forest, if there were people in here, they could ignore their sensitivities, because they probably put me here in the first place. I was already cold, the smart thing to do, my mind supplied, would be to do some form of exercise to warm up. "Pick a direction..and start walking…" I instructed myself quietly, the eery silence of the forest driving me to my long time habit of talking to myself, though my voice came out soft, not wanting to disturb the eery silence. I searched the ground for a few moments, finding some rocks to stack together into a cairn to mark that this was where I'd began. I tried to feel if my mental compass was still in working order, then gave that up. There was no sun or any other indicator to show if I was right, so why bother? I promptly decided to just pick what I thought was south and head in that direction. Walking was slightly painful, having stupidly kicked a tree root, though having no shoes certainly didn't make it any easier. For the first couple minutes of limping along, I grumbled to myself. "Practically fucking naked in a creepy fucking forest, in the middle of who fucking knows where. There aren't any forests like this in Arizona." That was a startling thought. I was clearly not anywhere near home. Quickly, though, my muttered venting gave out to an uneasy silence as I decided it would be easier to save my breath. The walk was slow going, tree branches seemed to materialize in front of my feet, so I had to stare hard at the ground to make sure I didn't trip too often. Even after my eyes adjusted to the dim light, or lack thereof, it didn't get any easier. I was careful to glance back every now and then until I could just barely see my last cairn, then search around and build another one, marking my path in case anyone tried to find me. Though the thought briefly crossed my mind that perhaps, if there was anyone in this forest, I might not want them to find me. I shivered, this time from a spark of anxiety as my eyes darted around the dimly lit forest, now feeling as if I was being watched. My steps quickened slightly and the cairns I left after that were considerably smaller, and could pass off as potentially natural piles of rocks. To say I was uncomfortable would be severely downplaying things. Having no form of pants or fabric between my thighs caused them to rub uncomfortably against each other, and I knew it was going to develop a rash if it continued for more than a few hours. I couldn't tell how much time passed, or how far I'd traveled, and I quickly fell into a bit of a miserable daze, staring without much comprehension at the ground, only seeing enough to avoid obstacles. The little light there was in the forest started fading a few hours after I started out. I created one last cairn as the light faded even faster, then started searching for somewhere to hunker down for the night. The universe had other ideas in store for me, though. As the already dim light faded and my vision was even more limited, I started to hear howls and growls off in the distance. My eyes widened, though it did nothing for my sight. I quickly lowered myself to my knees, tripping and injuring myself would be bad, I needed my ankles in working order. I tried to contain a groan at how sore I felt, and started crawling around as fast as I could, fear at the idea of being eaten by wild animals being a powerful reason to not care when my knees banged against rocks and pointy sticks. I felt around as quickly, and quietly as possible, though to my ears it sounded like I was making a terrible racket, until finally I found what felt like a very large tree. I stood, feeling around for some sort of foothold or branch to use to pull myself up, wincing every time I heard anything, even sounds I made. It seemed like it took forever, but it must have only been a few minutes of careful feeling and testing before I was sure I was reasonably high up in the tree. Hopefully, too high for any people eating wild animals. The following night was tense, and sleepless as I huddled, shivering from the cold, against the trunk of the tree, having found a thick enough branch to sit on. Walking had warmed me up a bit, but now that I'd stopped, the combination of slight humidity, sweat, and lack of clothes were making the chilly air feel even colder than it probably was. It