A/U: I do not own Harry Potter Be warned, this is hard yaoi... this means lots of malexmale sex... also Harry will have multiple names being Freak, Pet, and Nox. Be warned once again, that this is yaoi! Vernon Dursley scowled darkly at a young eight-year old boy who stood obediently at his side. The man was waiting for his contact, one who was currently late which made Vernon twitchy and nervous as they waited out in a deserted parking lot. The parking lot which was quite shady as the street lights were broken and there were no security cameras in sight. Finally, another vehicle pulled up and a slim and fit man stepped out dressed in a tailored suit that most assuredly cost more than Vernon could ever afford. No words were exchanged as a briefcase full of money was handed over to Vernon who shoved the young boy at his side forward in exchange. Quickly and without looking back, Vernon got in his car and drove off with his tires screeching on the pavement. He completely ignored the young boy who was currently almost catatonic and standing silently in front of the expensively dressed man. Little Harry Potter, though he didn't actually know his name as he had always been called Freak, was gently shown to the car before the door was shut and locked behind him. He sat silently, not making a single sound as he just stared out the darkly tinted windows. The car started and slowly made its way out of the shady parking lot where an equally shady deal had just taken place. 'Freak' looked back the way he had come, watching his Uncle's taillights slowly turn to pinpricks in the distance as the distance between 'Freak' and his Uncle continued to multiply. For the freak, everything was a blur for the next few hours as he was carefully ushered into a building where he took another car ride in the trunk of a different car. He slept fitfully, trapped in the trunk of the car, until a few hours passed and he was let out in a dimly lit garage. He was quickly ushered in through a door into the building proper which was a large storage room filled with all manner of odd contraptions that 'Freak' had no idea what they could be. Two adults, both dressed in simple slacks and button up shirts, came into the storage room as the expensively dressed man left without saying a word. One man had dark brown hair carefully pulled back in a ponytail and the other man had short blonde hair with piercings on his eyebrow. The door closed with a soft click and Blondie stepped forward, "Well, pet, the boss owns you now so we need to start your training. We'll just call you pet for now until you have earned a new name here at what we call the Market." 'Freak' now turned into 'Pet' only nodded in seriousness, though he didn't yet understand his duties. "Yes sir." He was also quite happy for his new name, though it wasn't really a name, but it was a lot better than being called Freak. Both men circled around Pet and inspected him carefully, "You look good but you're a bit too skinny. We'll have to make sure your food is off limits for a while as any sort of punishment." Pet was quite relieved at this, understanding that he wouldn't be starved unlike when he had been living with his Aunt and Uncle. "Thank you, sir." Both men chuckled darkly and continued inspecting Pet, getting closer and closer as well as starting to touch him. It made Pet slightly uncomfortable as one man touched his privates and another lifted his shirt to touch his chest, but he didn't speak or even make any noise. "Well, you don't have many marking but we'll want to use lotion on your hands for a while to soften them up, they're a bit too calloused to look cute." Brunette then walked away from Pet and began gathering items from around the storage room, all items that Pet had no clue to their use. One thing however, that Pet knew exactly what it was, was a needle and some sort of medicine that the man had taken out of a small refrigerator. Still, Pet didn't say anything as the man used a syringe to take out a small dose of whatever clear liquid was in the vial. Pet didn't even flinch when the man stuck the needle in his arm and injected the cold medicine directly into his arm. However, the policy Pet had always known as "Make no noise" was quickly broken as he began feeling hot and feverish which resulted in Pet beginning to lightly pant and give little moans. Blondie gave Pet a Look and spoke, "Stay right there, and don't move." Pet could only nod in compliance and watch as Blondie took some scissors and completely cut off Pet's clothes, not even bothering to try taking off the oversized clothes which were more like rags than actual clothes. Pet stood there, naked and panting with a flush creeping over his face as both men began sizing various object up to him, though they didn't actually put anything on him. Once they had found the right things that they had wanted, Brunette swiftly picked up Pet and took out of the storage room. They walked down a hallway and into a doorway that led directly into a large bathroom. The facilities were complete with a toilet, an open shower, and a sink with some shelves containing a few bath towels. Blondie placed the items in his hands on the counter next to the sink before walking over to the open shower area and began the water. Pet was then set down on his feet and helped to the toilet where Pet had to do his business with Brunette watching. After Pet finished using the toilet, they only had to wait another minute for the water to warm to a nice temperature. They also didn't bother heeding Pet's obvious embarrassment as they helped wash him, even making sure to carefully wash his backside and privates much to Pet's discomfort. Finished with washing Pet, the two men quickly dried him off and rubbed a copious amount of lotion all over his body, including his privates. Once Pet was no longer slick with lotion, they brought him over to the items they had grabbed from the storage room. Pet was complacent, nearly unable to think with the feverish heat clouding his mind, as they began fitting leather shackles around his wrists, upper arms, above the elbows, upper thighs, and just above the knees. They then fit leather around his feet that wrapped around to give support to the ankle. Pet was nearly shoved over some unknown precipice as they fit a collar around his neck that attached to leather straps at the shoulders that went from the sides of his chest, crisscrossed back over his spine, and came back down from just above his hip bones to synch up tight on either side of his crotch. When the two men touched his small cock to fit some sort of leather cuff over it, Pet did indeed fall over an abyss that caused a complete white-out in his eyes. Pet cried out, white cum shooting from his small cock, and both men gave chuckles at the sight. "So you're old enough to cum? That will make training you so much easier." Blondie stated though Pet couldn't understand a word he was saying as his was still coming down from his high. Brunette used a wet cloth to clean up Pet before they fit a leather sheath around Pet's small cock that was tightened with a series of tiny buckles. Pet wiggled uncomfortably, his small cock being squeezed almost painfully by the sheath but he didn't say a word as he couldn't even form a thought as his mind tried computing these new feelings. It was then a complete surprise to Pet when one of the men stuck something up his butt. He gave a jump in surprise followed by a small yelp as he was startled by slick and cold fingers sticking something small, slick and very cold in a place he was absolutely sure nothing should go up in. "Wha-" Pet let out but was interrupted. "That is supposed to go up there; it'll feel good pretty soon. A while from now, you'll even be begging for these." Pet wasn't too sure they were speaking the truth until whatever inside him started vibrating. From there, Pet's mind went blank and he nearly collapsed to the bathroom floor as his knees gave out. Brunette picked him up again and they made their way out of the bathroom, though Pet was slowly being driven out of his mind as the vibration settings were constantly being changed by the controller in Blondie's hands. They made their way to a small, private room mainly used for training purposes and not much else. Pet was set down on the bed and the leather shackles around his elbows tied to two metal rings on the back of the leather shackles around his upper thighs. This forced his arms behind his back and his legs spread open lest he dislocate his shoulders to try closing his legs. Pet wriggled and moaned loudly as the setting of the tiny vibrating device in his butt was set to maximum. Finally, the small device was turned off and Brunette deigned to explain, "That was called a love egg or bullet. It's a tiny little vibrator that can be strapped anywhere or placed anywhere for a constant little vibration that keeps you aching for more though it doesn't do enough to actually get you to cum. This is just one of the many toys you'll become very, very familiar with when being trained." Pet could actually acknowledge the man's words, though barely as he still felt feverish and hazy, as his panting calmed down a bit. "Now, let's start small." Blondie stated as he grabbed and pinched at Pet's small little nipple. He continued pulling and pinching, causing Pet to flinch a little until the sensation turned pleasurable. Pet could only moan, spittle escaping his lips before decorating the side of his chin from the corner of his mouth. Blondie then licked Pet's nipple causing Pet to arch back, "Ngh!" "Are you enjoying the drugs, little pet?" Brunette asked while he took the bullet controller from Blondie and set the vibrator maximum at the same time that Blondie sucked on one of Pet's nipples. "Aahh!" Pet cried out and threw his head back as his back arched, small droplets of precum escaping from his cock though he couldn't actually cum because of the leather sheath around the shaft. Blondie smirked and looked to Brunette, "Well, he definitely seems to like this." Brunette nodded and carefully unzipped his pants, one hand slowly pumping up and down on his large cock at the sight of Pet twitching and practically convulsing from the waves of pleasure. "Think we can teach him to deep throat yet?" Blondie shrugged his shoulders and flicked the uncovered tip of Pet's cock, causing the small boy to give out a shriek of pleasure. "Sure, why not? The mouth gear is in the drawer to the bedside table. We wouldn't want him biting down on you, now would we?" Brunette gave his friend a mock glare and fished out a set of mouth gear that had metal prongs that would fit on either side of Pet's mouth to keep it wide open. Pet was quickly maneuvered to the side of the bed so his head hung over the side. "Now pet, we're only doing this, this way so you can learn how to deep throat without getting hurt the first time. Normally, you would be looking up at