I hope that you like this chapter! I am really excited for it and I will hopefully improve much more later on! But I might not have a chapter everyday maybe like every two to four days… Hopefully! Disclaimer: I sadly don't own the PJO series because I am not the wonderful Rick Riodan… SORRY! It had been three years since I got since I got the audition… Three years since I've gotten famous, and four years since my parents got divorced. But all of that was forgotten over the year, nothing really made me cry anymore. Except remembering the past, seeing people in pain, and of course spiders. What?! Those things are creepy! Anyways before I go on a rant about spiders let me tell you how all those sob stories came back and how I changed over the years for the better or for the worst. Or if you're into love stories and all that mushy gunk, how I, Annabeth Chase, fell for the guy with green eyes. Annabeth POV We were finishing up the last episode of Complete Opposites, a T.V. show we've been doing since we were 14 and by we, I mean Thalia and I. We practically knew eachother since birth along with the twins, Nico and Bianca Di Angelo, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, and… him, with his cold blue eyes and sandy blonde hair, he was every girls dream, and I was no difference, but that changed when he decided that the "Popular Crew" were better friends then us. My childhood bullies took my childhood crush, no he went to them when I needed him most. Flashback It was the middle of the night, about two or three o' clock in the morning. Malcom and I were trying to put the twins to sleep, Bobby and Matthew were seven at the time but I knew they could tell what was going on. Mom and Dad were at it again, arguing about an affair seven years ago. I almost cried out as I saw Bobby and Matthew's eyes widen. "Why didn't you marry her if you were so willing to keep the devil's kids?!" my Mom hissed, no doubt giving my dad the death glare. "Because I love you." I heard Dad reply. "Oh really?! You have a weird way of showing it!" my Mom yelled. " I didn't mean for it to happen, Athena please." my Dad begged. "No! I want a divorce, I'm taking Malcom first thing in the morning." Our eyes widened in shock of my mom's words. I felt like someone was pointing a gun at my head, like instead of my thoughts there was just alphabet soup. Malcom tried to give me a reassuring look but I kept my eyes trained on the ground holding my tears. " Annie is this our fault?" Bobby asked as tears streamed through both him and Matthew's eyes. I had to stay strong, if not for myself, for the twins. I shook my head. "No. It's no ones fault. Just Aphrodite playing her game called love." I said as they sniffed their little noses. I grabbed the twins tightly into an embrace they cried for what seemed hours as their breathing became slower and slower until they were both asleep in my arms and my shirt was stained with sadness. I felt as if I was just a little boulder but if I tipped the whole canyon would fall. I wanted to yell at the sky and shout "Kill me now!" But I stayed silent as Malcom and I put the twins in bed. I stayed inside their bedroom studying their angelic, innocent, faces. They could never be the devil's child. I stood up and walked to the kitchen where my dad was messing up his hair in thought. I put my hand on his shoulder as he looked up. "It's all my fault." He said wearily. "No, its not. It's Aphrodite's son Cupid. He will be mistaken as a baby, but everyone knows he's just a teenager trying to cause trouble." I replied making hot chocolates for us. "Annabeth…" he muttered. "Yeah yeah… The gods aren't real, blah blah blah. To me dad they are the answer to our problems in life." I interrupted handing him a hot chocolate. "Mmm still the same." He murmured smelling the sweetness which is the hot chocolate. "Has been since you taught me, dad." I smiled at the thought He chuckled "I'm guessing the kids heard us arguing." I nodded reluctantly. "Don't worry Dad, it will be okay. Mom might be taking Malcom but I'm staying for a while." I said as he frowned. "Aww don't remind me you're leaving me too!" he grumbled sadly. "Not forever Dad. I'll always come back to you." I said as he smiled sadly. We hugged eachother as Dad said to go to bed. Dad's stuff was on the couch so I'm guessing Mom didn't want to sleep with him. "Night dad." I said pulling a blanket over him on the couch, smiling sadly. When did I become the parent? "Why are you taking his side Annabeth?" Malcom asked as I climbed the bunk bed in our room. "Dad, is still our dad and honestly I love Bobby and Matthew to death and don't wish that they never happened. They are still my family whether they are from our mom or not." I replied closing my eyes. I could tell Malcom was contemplating this in his head so I left him be as I drifted to the darkness. I woke up as I felt a pair of arms hug around my neck, and my natural instinct was to punch the attacker. "What the fudge, Annabeth! I try to give you a goodbye hug and I get punched!" Malcom exclaimed. "I'm sorry Malcom, next time wake me up then hug me." I said tiptoeing to hug him. " You'll be okay." I heard him whisper, I nodded. What about dad? I felt tears threating to spill and turned around. I felt my brothers hands wrap around my waist and hug me. "Call me every week." He said turning around with his bags. I watched him through my window as he walked to my mom's black Bugatti and drove off. And all I thought wasmy mom never said goodbye. I arrived at school a mess, I mean I already had braces and glasses (fake) but my hair was more messed up then usual and I was pretty sure my eyes were still red from crying at the loss of my brother. I quickly walked to Thalia's Tree and dug my face in my knees. I held my breath so I would calm down. "Hey Annie!" I heard someone call out. I hid my face in my knees trying to be invisible but failing miserably. "Annie, what's wrong?" Thalia . "MyparentsgotdivorcedandnowMalcomisgone…"I mumbled staring at the ground. "What?! Annabeth pronounce your words it sounds like a blur." Thalia said annoyed. "My parents got divorced and my mom took Malcom." I said crying softly. Thalia stare softened as she pulled me into a hug and let me sob on her as I told her everything from the shouting to my mom leaving without a word to me. I lifted my head wiping my tears from my face when Thalia pulled me back into the hug. "Don't look…" she muttered. But me being me I turned around to see my bully, Calypso kissing Luke and smirking when I saw. Luke betrayed me, the one I thought I could trust with everything. But that day I learned that love is something that everyone wants even though you know you're going to hurt and when you do get hurt… you find out what it really is, a game. "Come on let's go to my house." Thalia said glaring at Luke. I waited back for a second and tugged her back. "Complete Makeover?" she stared at me then my eyes then nodded. "Honey you won't need much, you Annie are a natural beauty." I smiled sadly at her words as I walked with her to a new start, a new road, a new me. "Go wash up, you know where everything is." Thalia said getting her "tools" I walked to the bathroom and washed up from my lemon scented hair to my citrius scented feet. I checked my phone to see three texts and a missed phone call. The phone call was from Rachel, I texted her "Srry im not at school. Ill tell you l8r. Promise." A test from Bianca, Nico, and …Luke. Bianca texted me "Girl, where are you! We are worried. Luke looks confused." I scoffed at the Luke part, then remembered Thalia was glaring at him. "Ya, sorry ill tell you l8r I guess…" I looked at Nico's text and laughed. "Annabeth, where is Thalia! I mean… are you okay? I saw you earlier I didn't know what to do." I replied smiling. "Awww Death Breath has a crush on Thals! Always knew it!" Then lastly Luke, I frowned at his text. "What's up with Thalia? Can you tell her to reply to my text?" What am I dead meat? I ignored his text and walked into Thalia's room with a Grey T-Shirt with the words " Don't be alarmed I'm just studying." and jean shorts. "Annie get your ass to the chair and put the blindfold on!" Thalia called out. My eyes widened, Oh no! I hesitantly followed he orders as I felt my braces move. SHIT! "Annabeth stop freaking out you had straight teeth before you got braces." Thalia said while working on my mouth. I felt my braces mark leave and took the blind fold off and smiled I looked better already. "What's next?" I asked looking at Thalia. She looked at my face then took my fake glasses. "Done!" she yelled obviously proud of her "work or art" I looked in the mirror and frowned. "That's it?" Thalia frowned slightly. "Yep! You are already beautiful you've just been covering it up." I nodded disappointedly. She saw my disappointment and groaned loudly. "Come on, lets do something fun!" Thalia said walking towards her computer. "Auditions! Looking for two girls, preferably close, for show, "Complete Opposites" Please FaceCam us if Interested!" Thalia read aloud. I shrugged as I walked to her laptop to see she was already on FaceCam contacting the directors. Next thing I know it we are face to face with the the directors and their lunch. "Uhhh sorry, we didn't expect anyone to audition this late or early in the afternoon." A brown haired guy sputtered. I laughed at his sudden reaction and replied smoothly. "Sorry, should we audition later?" he shook his head. "You are the last audition sweetie so, why do you want to be on T.V." he asked leaving his lunch on the table. "Well something life changing happened today and my friend, Thalia, gave me a "makeover" which consisted of taking off my braces and fake glasses." Thalia smirked as I told her about my "makeover". "I guess what I'm looking for is a new life or a new road to go to, and Thalia she is here to back me up, I guess…" I said smiling after every word I said because I understood why she showed the audition to me. To give me a choice. "That my darling is a great answer." The guy in the back said smiling. "Can you sing something for us?" I looked at Thalia and she nodded. "Yes, this is an original by me." The directors and producers looked at me in shock. (Stronger By Kelly Clarkson) (A)You know the bed feels warmer Sleeping here alone You know I dream in color And do the things I want (T)You think you got the best of me Think you've had the last laugh Bet you think that everything good is gone Think you left me broken down Think that I'd come running