AN: Hello! It has definitely been a while since I have last written anything at all, and while pharmacy seems to take up most of my time, I assure you I am making it up with a lot of story lines. I'm sure there will be a few blank lines that are yet to be filled as this is a mere part of an upcoming work I'd like to call, "As is the Sea Marvelous,". But before I get there, I'd like to present a small part of it here. I may also wish to ask for a bit of reviews so I would know if there's any development between my previous works and if you enjoyed it. Anyway, Happy Holidays! It starts like this. On the day before Christmas Eve, Finnick Odair finds himself unable to write. Though this is a common habit that forms along the progress of writing, he still finds it unbearable to not find any words to express his ideas on paper. He has tried different tactics in finding his muse, his will and every desire to put his scattered thoughts on paper. He's pondered, he's typed the first words that came out only to end up deleting it afterwards, he's tried reading various articles on certain and random topics and he's tried rearranging his entire desk and books into alphabetical order. But whenever he faces the blank page and the blinking cursor, his hands find themselves betrayed by the inability to find anything capable of being written. Prior to this, Finnick Odair had found himself the previous night secretly loathing the fact that a certain young man had taken out Annie Cresta for a date. Though he was not much of a person who would pry into other people's lives, his curiosity to this certain young man who had invited Annie for a night of dinner at the local restaurant has earned his attention and he found himself sitting five tables away from the couple, stabbing the bowl of mashed potatoes with his fork unable to digest the sickening sight of the young man making Annie laugh with whatever joke he was talking about. The young man in this picture happens to be Eric Damon. He was 25 years old and worked at a local company that made a business out of money. He was a tall man, with brooding blue eyes, a prominent chin, and a fine taste for wine. Often times throughout dinner, he would pour himself a drink as Annie Cresta excitedly describes herself in a series of disconnected words and her own love of growing flowers. And as the night grew to an end, Finnick's fifth bottle of wine was too and he found himself unable to speak coherently which was good because he thought the words going through his mind were too stained with bright crimson and Annie does not deserve to be spewed with crimson. He went by unnoticed as the couple passed by his table. Though he'd like to think the sunglasses and rugged look he wore was enough of a disguise, this did not stop him from getting the local waitress to recognizing him and asking for his number. He would remember how the tight skirt hugged the lower half of her body just right and for a moment he pondered whether he would need a good distraction from the confusing feelings he was experiencing until he looked up at her piercing blue eyes and thought that she was and could never be anywhere near to Annie Cresta. And for that matter he found himself sleeping alone that night, his thoughts swimming in a haze of liquor and the determined look on Eric's face as he took her hand that night and led her to his car. The possible thoughts of Eric leading Annie to bed did not escape his mind and for that matter, he found himself sitting in front of his laptop, ready to write out these feelings that were eating him alive. The sounds of his snores would soon fill the empty room and Finnick Odair would then be asleep on his desk a few moments later, with the cursor still blinking on the white page. Still that did not stop him the next morning from preparing his cup of caffeine dunked with enough sugar cubes and cream in preparation of forgetting the previous night and focusing on today's agenda. The time passes by too quickly, the snow has started to fall again and by the time Finnick Odair's coffee has gone cold, so were his ideas. He groans and buries himself in his arms unable to release this frustration and jealousy from last night. He could not make out his feelings for Annie Cresta. He pondered, too many times on this. On why she filled his every thought and why all of a sudden he had found himself writing countless poetry in his journals was not too much of a question. This intense feeling of miserable passion seems to stem from the fact that ever since fall started; Annie had taken to asking for a little bit of distance between them. This meant no more intimate evenings or long walks in the park, no more weekend rendezvous or waking up to her fixing breakfast downstairs. And while he agreed to this proposed truce, Finnick Odair could not stop himself from feeling too much of everything. He felt like the leaves falling from the trees, torn apart from its branch, floating downwards in fading colors, expecting to be caught but in actuality is piled up and thrown away. Though in the countless times that they had been together, the words "I love you" was never once uttered. It was unforgivable phrase that they both thought could shatter their seemingly short affair. The ringing of his phone jolts him out of his misery and he prepares himself for the familiar voice ready to insult him at his weakest point. "Jo?" "GOOD MORNING MY PRECIOUS BUTTERBALL OF SUNSHINE!" she greets with overjoyed sarcasm. He groans at this, "What do you want?" "I'm actually leaving for Boston today. Thought I might check up on you." She states. He hears the heavy baggage being closed and her breathing as she struggles with the zipper. It's a welcoming noise from all the quietness in his house. "Done any writing lately?" she asks. He sighs, sparing a glance at the blank page, the blinking cursor in his screen mocking him, daring him to say something. "Maybe," "Christ, Odair. What the hell did you do last night?" she asks. "I went out for a walk, took myself out to dinner, got drunk, and then I went home," he states. "I never thought of you as a person who takes a lot of walks alone," "Well, time does change a man," he counters. It was very unlikely for Finnick Odair to take walks alone. He hated walking alone. He hated the feeling of being alone. Johanna learned that upon growing up, Finnick was always subjected to a constant companionship with loneliness that he begun to despise it. For Finnick, being alone with loneliness was an emotional torture. "Where exactly were you last night?" she asks again. The emphasis on the first word brightly underlined that Finnick chose to submit to her request rather than ignore it. "I was watching Eric and Annie have a good time last night over grilled fish and wine while I sat five tables from them drinking myself to death," he states blandly. He could hear her sigh in exasperation at his statement and he knew that if she was here right now she would kick him and as the usual, slap him back to his senses. Johanna Mason, one of Finnick's only friends and book publisher would often times slap him too much from his stupid antics with Annie Cresta wondering when they would break this false tension. "It's so fucking obvious that she loves you just as much as you do!" she exclaims one night when he comes over. "I don't love her," he exclaims as a matter of fact. The incredulous look he received from Johanna and the awakening slap to his face was too much to be considered as a wakeup call. Finnick would recall Johanna threatening to never publish any of his books lest he learn how to be true to his feelings and the other proposed statement 8 months ago. "You finally found a woman you could write about, and what do you do? You retreat back to your desk and hide in your shitty selfish poetry? How the fuck are you ever gonna finish the fucking book?" she exclaims. The book Johanna Mason was talking about was what she thought could be a fresh start from his previous novels. Johanna always thought that Finnick was a writer who was capable of working words beyond of what he could do. It was entirely rare for a man to be able to write about a book about a woman but in some bizarre way she saw that Finnick was capable of doing almost anything just with the right push. Less than a month after she wakes up to Finnick Odair at her doorstep at 3 in the morning exclaiming that he had found her. As she watch him with his hands flailing, his words too fast to be coherent, drunk in some mere form of ecstatic feeling that writers experience in joy of a newly profound idea, she knew. She let him bask in a moment of revelation until the neighbor from the other apartment threw them a morning scoop of cursing. But Johanna Mason also knew that Finnick Odair was madly in love with the flower girl, Annie Cresta. How or why he did is a question she has yet to answer but what was important was that Finnick was writing again and if Finnick was writing again this means she would be back in business. "Finnick," she starts staring at her loaded baggage at the floor. "I'm fine Jo. I'm just not used to feeling like this." He said. "You're entirely new to the feeling itself Finnick. Of course you're not used to it," she replies. He doesn't say anything else. There was one thing about the first that always makes it memorable and evidently more painful. It was not the small moments of happiness or the pangs of pain. Evidently for Finnick Odair, the thing that hurts most about the first is the consent of vulnerability. Wary yet hopeful, the first always made an impression deeper than anything else. "Tell you what," she starts after a moment of silence, "you could drive me to the airport and I'll buy you a bottle of champagne as a present," "You want me to get drunk on Christmas Eve?" "No, I want you to get laid on Christmas Eve," she says. "I don't think that's gonna happen anytime soon," he exclaims. "If this is about Annie Cresta-" "It is about Annie Cresta. The whole damn book is about her. I can't sleep without her. I can't get my head to work without her and I can't get myself right without her. " "What the hell is wrong with you?" "It's Annie Cresta." He says. In a span of one year, Johanna Mason noted that ever since Annie Cresta had chosen to take Finnick Odair to bed on one lonely night, he had not been the same since. It was not the amount of poetry he had suddenly taken to writing or the sudden carelessness he took to wearing, nor was it the sudden amount of gardenias blooming in his garden, it was the fact that Finnick Odair had chose to let a woman inside his heart. And though she thought that was a bad idea, she had always believed that in order to write an efficiently good book, one must take a little breaking sometimes. Johanna Mason may not be a writer