To Banish Darkness By Oriondruid xxxx Summary: After surviving two Hunger Games Arena battles and bringing about the overthrow of the evil Capitol regime of President Snow, more than anybody Katniss Everdeen and Peter Mellark deserved to be happy and at peace. Sadly though so many dark shadows of past tragedies still clouded their minds and brought them both terrible nightmares. But perhaps there was one place they could go to heal themselves and each other? A place where they could finally lay to rest the demons of their past, the 74th Hunger Games Arena! Despite their fears the couple both bravely grasped the opportunity and in doing so found that some of the 'ghosts' from their past came back to 'haunt' them. But ghosts, even those of old enemies, are sometimes friendly... xxxx Disclaimer : As should be self-evident from my site profile I am not Suzanne Collins. Therefore I hold no claim to these characters. They are all the brilliant work of the author herself and I thank her for the opportunity to 'play' in her world for a while. xxxx Author's Notes: This story, with it's 'ghostly' theme was originally intended to be posted at Halloween, or what is otherwise known by my fellow Druids and I as the old Pagan Celtic festival of Samhain. However, as many of the fan fiction writers here will recognise sometimes happens, the story took on a life of it's own. It could not possibly have been completed on time, having almost organically, 'growed like Topsy' from a simple idea for a few pages into something much bigger. It's now a longish but complete 'one shot' because I have become wary of publishing multi chapters, a bit at a time. My all too regular bouts of apparently untreatable clinical depression mean that the need for updates can badly stack up when I get 'the blues' and feeling pressure to complete unfinished stories can even make matter's worse. Like a lot of my 'stuff' written in both The Hunger Games and Harry Potter 'universes' this is a story of redemption and love, but this time set in a place previously dedicated to fear and death. It is another 'take' on some of the themes in my previous story Arena of Reunion, but is not directly linked to it. Some may consider the 'spirits' of those who appear in the 74th Arena to be way too far 'out of character', but that is entirely the point! Death and subsequent self-realisation are seen here as the ultimate transformative forces and this story is about how the stunted and twisted spirits of some of those poor children hurt by The Capitol's vile system and who died in that sad place learned to love and grow, to become happy and 'move on'. It's also about how they help Katniss and Peeta to heal as well. xxxx Nightmares "This can't go on Katniss!" Peeta Mellark said. "Nearly every night, it's me or you, sometimes both of us, if we can't stop these terrible nightmares we'll end up insane and kill ourselves, or worse still kill one another!" "What can we do though Peeta? Other than drink ourselves senseless and try and achieve a dreamless oblivion every night, like poor Haymitch used to have to do before Effie helped him heal? It's a well known phenomenon 'survivors guilt' and in our case it is worse because we aren't entirely innocent. We both had to do some things we weren't proud of, in order to survive the Arenas." "I've been thinking about it Katniss." Peeta replied. "My therapist Janny and I have been talking things over and she and I have come to believe that only one thing might help us. We should go back Katniss, revisit the place where all our nightmares originated, go back to the 74th Hunger Games Arena!" Katniss looked stunned at his suggestion but Peeta carried on, saying; "You must know The Capitol preserved it as a memorial to all the lost children sacrificed to The Hunger Games, they kept that one alone when they destroyed all the others. I've seen pictures of how it is now and it's a natural, beautiful place, completely transformed now that all the Gamemaker's weapons and surveillance equipment have been removed and all the fear and killing is over. It was preserved because it's the place where President Snow and the Capitol's regime first began to crack, the place where you, in so many people's eyes, first became their Mockingjay because of the loving way that you marked poor little Rue's death. Many people now go to visit it, to remember their lost loved ones from all the many 'Games' over the years and give thanks for our new found freedom." Katniss thought over what Peeta had said, then smiled at him and replied, "I think you're right my love, going back there might be the only way we can banish the demons and finally get closure on what they did to us all, the only way perhaps that we can find some peace. We need this, it may be the only thing that'll help, let's make some calls." Renewal They found that being Peeta Mellark and Katniss Everdeen still had it's privileges and their request to the President and Council was looked upon favourably. It was arranged that a hovercraft would be sent to collect them from District 12 and take them direct to their old Arena. The site was to be temporarily closed to normal visitors and given over to their private use, for as long as they felt they needed to be there. Katniss and Peeta left the home they were sharing in the old Victor's Village after saying goodbye to Haymitch and Effie and promising to return in time for the older couple's upcoming wedding. They then walked the short distance to the new District 12 Memorial Park, which was a lovely place dedicated to all those killed in the Capitol's bombing atrocity. Their hovercraft would collect them from the open ground of the playing field there. Walking through the newly rebuilt streets of their home town they passed houses that, whilst still modest, were a far cry from the tumbledown wooden shacks of old, the ashes of which had long been swept away. Over recent years since the survivor's returned the 'new' District 12 was becoming a much more comfortable and healthier place to live. It's citizens well fed, those mines that were still open were now far safer, the miners better paid, better fed and living far less dangerous lives. The District children also were now well nourished and growing tall and strong, with their minds becoming filled with knowledge in the brand new and well equipped District school. Ordinary people now had the right to travel, not just within their own District but between them and also to the Capitol, which was becoming a popular holiday destination for those growing number of people who were fairly well off. Terms of trade were no longer determined by the Capitol's military occupation, but by normal commercial bargaining and the merchant class of District 12 were now used to having the right to freely haggle over prices. No longer was District 12 to be just a poor coal mining area, they were also beginning to make pharmaceuticals, using sophisticated coal based chemical and plant based biochemical technologies. There was also now a newly established high tech factory, making various domestic electronic items, which Beetee had come to District 12 after the war to help set up. The economies of all Panem's Districts were becoming far less specialised in general, political power more decentralised and a greater, more rewarding variety of work opportunities were becoming available to all. Even in District 13 there was strong revival in progress, with the populous regaining the chance to re-emerge from their tunnels and bunkers and once again live in sunlight. To begin to rebuild and renew their damaged land. The previous strict military control over the populous had vanished with the death of President Coin and the nuclear weapons of both The Capitol and District 13 had been dismantled and destroyed. The leadership of Panem, both local and central were now elected by democratic vote, the right to exercise which included all adult citizens over eighteen countrywide. Everyone, be they District or Capitol people, had an equal right to take part in the Presidential and Central Council selection as well being able to chose their local District officials. Also, in honour of the lost children of The Hunger Games, there was an elected Children's Council. This organisation had representatives selected by a younger electorate, from the age group of those who might once have been selected to die in The Capitol's murderous Arena's. This body of fine young people had a fair degree of real power in certain specific areas, such as education, health, sports, the arts and other youth relevant fields. Never again would the country's children become mere fodder for an appalling series of televised atrocities. Panem was finally becoming a truly civilised nation and not just a collection of occupied territories, trampled under the boots of The Capitol's former military might. All would have been well Katniss felt, had she and Peeta not been left broken and un-repaired, unlike the rest of their District and their country. The Return Their hovercraft was loaded with supplies enough to last them for several weeks and they would, in addition to the usual camping requirements, both be carrying communicator/tracker units. Katniss of course also had her bow and a hunting knife, Peeta a spear and also a similar knife. These were needed as a precaution, since now the perimeter forcefield was no longer active some large wild creatures had entered the old Arena from the Northern Wilderness and taken up residence in it's woods. Ordinary groups of visitors were always accompanied by a warden who was armed with a hunting rifle in case of bears, wolves, surviving rogue mutts or suchlike. But Peeta and Katniss would be entirely alone, so their weapons were vital tools and needed to keep them safe. They could have taken a gun as well had they so wanted, but both felt more familiar and comfortable with their own 'lower tech' weapons. In any case since Katniss and Peeta were both formidable with their chosen weapons a gun would have been of little additional advantage to the pair. Their skills would ensure their place as top predators in those woods and they had nothing to fear from any creature they might encounter there. The communicator/tracker units they also had with them were a safety measure. The electronic tracker network being the only part of the Arena's original technology still left operating. But now nobody had to have tracker chips implanted in them against their will anymore. All normal visitors to the old Arena wore tracker wristbands, just in case anyone got separated from their group and guide and became lost in the woods. In the case of Katniss and Peeta this function was built into the radio units which they both carried in case they need to contact each other, if for some reason they got split up. The couple also had one other piece of technology with them, a small, lightweight, easy to operate but sophisticated camera/recorder on which they intended to record personal video diaries of their experiences in the old arena. This would work in daylight or at night, had built in motion tracking autofocus and also could film in near complete darkness, using either it's built in light or image intensification technology. It had power enough on a single charge to run continuously for a week and spare batteries were also carried. The use of this device had been at the request of the President and the Capitol's TV network. It was intended that their 'video diaries' would later be edited and a documentary film created, from diary clips and