Hey all! I recently re-watched the Hunger Games movies and had the sudden inspiration to write about one of Peeta's flare-ups after his brainwashing at the Capitol. This is before the epilogue after the final chapter. The idea of getting married had seemed so ridiculous at the time. I remember thinking how ridiculous it was, even on our wedding day to have a wedding or even a marriage. We had, at one point been property of the Capitol and the thought of their star-crossed-lovers of District 12 getting married in real life was near laughable. But we did, and we were blissfully happy about it. It took a long time to get happy at all, much less enough to decide a wedding and marriage were worth anything in this new world. Peeta's episodes were less and less, my nightmares began to fade, and we finally allowed ourselves to actually enjoy President Snow free Panem. While the world moved on, we stayed in our little corner away from everyone. Though looking back now, I could understand why someone may think staying secluded, only with each other for weeks on end would seem like excess or even a death wish, we had some of our greatest days, and nights, during those months. We rediscovered ourselves as well as each other, and found that there was true love there. Peeta hadn't experienced a flare of his brainwashing from the Capitol in months, and that one had been minor compared to his violent reactions when District 13 officials rescued him. Every now and again, he would brace himself on the back of a chair, and that was my cue to distract him or, depending on the look on his face, leave him alone to sort it out for himself. With his children running around, however, his episodes were less frequent and much less violent. I had been married to this man for years, five years this December. The idea is mind-blowing and I couldn't decide whether to be horrified at how quickly time was flying, or be excited by all of the happy memories we shared despite our dismal situation. I set the table for my little family and called out for them to come to eat. My children run out of their playroom, the three year old nearly tripping over herself as my 1 year old tries his best, brows knit in concentration, to get to the food without killing himself. Though I scolded the older one on the outside, on the inside I was smiling, because this display was actually somewhat adorable to me. The conception of our first child had been a shock, and actually a trigger to one of Peeta's episodes. It wasn't violent, but it was loud, and after I got him calmed he tried to leave. Not because he is the type of man to abandon his children, but because he didn't want to have his episodes around them. I convinced him that he was nearly completely under control and as long as he tried his best, they wouldn't see anything. I even convinced him children may be a good thing for him. It turned out that I was right, after the birth of Willow, his episodes were rare... Once every four to five months rare. Now, our children were our hope and the reason Peeta was as well as he was. I could sense something was wrong because Peeta was taking so long to come to dinner. I set the plates for the children and went looking for him. The house was small, so it didn't take long. He was in the small library, the place we were working on our book, years in the making. Though he was standing as though coming to dinner, he was rigid, a pained look on his face... An episode. I rushed to him, closing the door behind me in case he got loud. "Peeta?" I ask. He stared straight ahead, either ignoring or not hearing me. I placed my hand on his cheek, hoping to bring him back that way. Before I knew it, a singing pain slapped across my cheek and neck. He hit me. I backed away quickly. It had been so long since he had become even remotely violent, it was a shock. "Why are you here, Katniss?" He growled. "Peeta... This is our home... Real... Or not real?" I ask him. He rolls his eyes. "I don't want to play stupid games with you Katniss. I want to know what the hell you're doing in my house?" He barks. I set my jaw, not allowing my horror to show on my face. "Peeta... Do you know what year it is?" His eyebrows knit together in concentration. I know the answer, but he doesn't. He thinks we are still at war. That we are nearly ten years in the past and are on opposite sides of the war. "What's the point of that?" He retorts. "It's been almost a decade since the war. You came back to me... you always come back to me. You fought with me, for me, in the Hunger Games... Twice! After Snow was killed, we moved back to District 12... You stayed with me... We fell in love... We are married, have children... They are in the kitchen waiting to have dinner with their Daddy." His eyebrows stay knit together... He's confused. He's too far gone for this normal exercise. I don't even remember how to bring him back now. He looked down at his left hand, searching for the gold band. We did buy wedding rings, he just usually took it off if he were planning on doing yardwork. Which he did. Oh no... He must have forgotten to put it back on after his shower. "Liar!" He charges at me and I jump out of the way, but he must have expected that because he changes his trajectory as I make the move myself. He grabs my throat and shoves me against the wall. I immediately start crying. I couldn't hurt this man I love, even in this situation. I can see a flicker in his eyes that tells me he is fighting so hard the urge to kill me. "Peeta..." I choke out. "Peeta, you're... hurting me!" The fury in his eyes tells me the real Peeta is being overshadowed. "Please, come back to me... You always come back to me!" He squeezes even harder so speech is impossible. "Shut up! You're a liar! You seduced me to try to get me to sacrifice myself for you! Well it's not happening!" "Peeta... The Games are gone... The Capitol we knew... is gone! Snow... is dead..." I have to breathe in harshly after every burst of speech. I have to get him back to me before I have to use his prosthetic leg against him. I don't want to, but he always told me if he got this bad to disable him that way and get away until the flashes subsided. "We're married because... I love... you... And you... love... me..." I can feel my consciousness fading as he keeps tightening his grip. Black spots blink across my vision... There's one thing I can try that usually brings him back... but this may just make him more angry. I fight against his hand, tightening over my throat and reach his mouth and kiss him. He slams me against the wall, still not believing. He wipes his hand across his mouth in disgust. My heart snaps. He slams me against the wall again and I have no choice, I slam my foot into his prosthetic leg, just above where the prosthetic meets the rest of his flesh. His leg weakens and he falls in a heap to the floor. I gulp in much needed air and start toward the door. I don't want to bring this to our children but perhaps, just perhaps seeing them will be the final thing to bring him back. In the kitchen, my angels are eating quietly. "I need you both to say 'Daddy' when Daddy comes in." I turn to the oldest, "You remember I told you sometimes he isn't himself, and he needs you to remind him?" She nods. "Well, he's not himself, so you are going to sit in your chair, don't move, just call him Daddy, okay?" She nods again. She has Peeta's heart, my looks and stubbornness. A blessing in this case. Peeta comes crashing in. "Katniss, damn you!" I move to stand behind our children. One hand on each of their chests so if anything happened I could scoop them up. "Daddy!" The eldest called out. My son is quiet, he's too young to even know what's happening. "Why is she calling me that?" He asks. My little girls' brows knit together, much like his and tears well in her eyes. My heart breaks. She will remember this, and it's my fault for bringing this to her. Hopefully, my Peeta will make it up to her. "You're my Daddy..." "Quit calling me that!" He roars. She starts crying, and though it kills me not to, I don't comfort her. Peeta will do that. My Peeta. The Peeta that will be horrified with himself when he sees the mark I feel swelling onto my neck. The Peeta who will be horrified that he made his little angel cry from fright and denial. "Daddy..." Her lips pull back in a deep frown as she tries to gain composure of herself... A trait I gave her. I see old Peeta flash behind his eyes. The muttation is losing control. Real Peeta is coming back. "Katniss?" I nod. "We are in District 12. Real or not real?" He asks, eyes not leaving his daughter. "Real." I reply automatically. "Snow is President." "Not real." "You tried to kill me." "Not real." I feel more tears slide down my cheeks. He's coming back. The relief is incredible. "This is my daughter." "Real." "And my son?" He asks, looking at our baby. "Real." He looks down at his ring finger, absent. His brows furrow. I don't say anything, allow him to come up with the answer. "We're married... and our five year anniversary will be in two months..." "Very real." He nods. Our daughter is still crying. "Come here baby." He coos at our daughter who immediately stands and runs to his open arms. He settles back and sits on the floor where he can cradle her more comfortably. "I'm sorry, baby... I'm sorry... I hope you never have to see me like that again." "Why did you say I wasn't yours?" She asks. He blanches. "Daddy wasn't himself... But he's better now... You made him better." She continues to cry into him and I see him fighting tears as well. I turn to our son who is watching the display absently, already finished with his food. I gather him into my arms. "Look at you, you're already done!" I say in my baby voice, the kind voice I use to soothe our children. "It's bedtime now." Our son, being his father's child gave no protest and actually starts falling asleep in my arms. I wash his food covered face and place him into his crib. I go straight to our bedroom. I trust Peeta now, he's not going to hurt her... He's back. When Peeta finishes putting her to bed he comes to our bedroom, eyes red and a horrified look on his face. "Katniss?" He murmurs. I nod, allowing him to come in to see me. As soon as the door is closed behind him he falls to his knees, tears streaming down his face. "I should leave... I'll send you money to help with the children... but I shouldn't be here where I can hurt you. I almost didn't come back this time..." He sobs. I stay sitting at the edge of the bed. "Peeta, you don't need to leave. You and I both