Clato DISTRICT TWO The Unknown star crossed lovers. Chloe Ielpo Clove's POV Chapter One: The Day That Changed Everything Sometimes I wish that you could stay asleep for as long as you want, that's what I would wish for therefore I could sleep through this day. Miss the reaping, miss saying goodbye to another friend, miss watching the pain in the faces of the mothers who have to say goodbye to their children. But of course that will never happen soon enough my mother would come in and wake me up for a big day. Just as I expected I saw my door open a crack and saw my mother's big brown eyes, she walked in and her long brown hair blew in the wind from my window. "Clove, CLOVE. Up Up Up! This is a very important day." She said with so much enthusiasm. My mother put me into training when I was 10. She put me into knife training, where I would throw knives continuously at dummies for 5 hours everyday. I have been doing this for the past 4 years. I was now 14 and I am a better knife thrower than most of the 16-year-old girls. Because of this my mother has forced me to volunteer for the games. But I only agreed to this because I don't want to let her down. I believed that I wasn't ready. Everyone volunteers when they turn sixteen, after they have at least 6 years of training. So I told my mother that I will volunteer, but when the time comes I will not say a word. My mother may be disappointed but I will just explain to her that I needed more training and that I will volunteer when I feel confident. My mother had made me eggs and toast for breakfast, this was odd, I didn't know where she got this. We didn't have any money to buy eggs and how did she make toast? I asked her and she told me that she was given the eggs as a good luck from our neighbor, and she went by the bakery this morning and the baker gave her the toast as a token of appreciation for helping him with chores the week before. I ate my breakfast and went to have a bath. My mother had run my bath for me while I was eating. I started to daydream about my life if I volunteered and won the games. I must have been in for a few hours because my mother was shouting at me to get out of the bath and get ready. My mother laid out my favourite dress. It was dark purple and had a black fishnet sort of thing on the outside. I always thought the dress came from district four, the fishing district. After I was dressed I walked to the kitchen where my mother was and she started brushing my hair, she was putting it into a high/side ponytail, she has the softest touch, I could hardly feel her hands putting my hair up. Finally, 2pm. I was watching all my friends and families walk past my window heading to the town square, the reaping is always held in front of the justice building. My mother grabbed my arm and gave me a big smile, I had no choice but to smile back even though I was going to disappoint her. She led me out into the town square where she let me go to line up for my blood sample. We were placed into two groups, boys and girls. Alphabetical order by last name. For me, Clove Sevina I would be at the back. We were standing there for what felt like hours but then a Capitol man stepped out of the Justice Building doors. The same man who has reaped for the past four years. Brytis Tripple. He was plump, and had rosy cheeks, green hair and fake eye lashes with green tips. Next to Brytis there is two glass bowls full of name slips. One boys and one girls. "Welcome everyone." Says Brytis. "First we will start with the ladies." Great here we go. "Clove Sevina." Says Brytis. Wait.. that's… me. I couldn't believe it. I stand there frozen. People start to push me up to the stage. I walk up and stand next to Brytis. "Any volunteers?" he calls out. But no one volunteers. "Alrighty then, now for the men." He starts to fiddle around the second bowl, he pulls out a slip and reads out, "Daniel Dorris." Before Daniel could step out of his row a voice comes from the center of the boys group, "I volunteer!" I couldn't see who it was from where I was standing. When the mysterious boy stood out into the pathway to the stage I realized who it was… Cato Hadley. He was the boy that I loved when I was 9. Chapter Two: A Time In The Past We met in the market. He was 11 and I was 9. I was trying to buy herbs for my mother but I couldn't make it through the crowd. He came up to me and said, "Hi, are you trying to get through?" "Yes I am." I replied. "Well follow me then." He grabbed my hand and led me all the way to the front. After I bought the herbs he offered to carry them home for me. While we were walking it was silent for about half the way, "Well… What's your name?" he said breaking the silence. "Clove Sevina, what's yours?" I replied. "Cato… Cato Hadley." When we reached my house he handed over the herbs."I hope to see you again someday, Clove." He said while walking away. "Bye Cato." I said while smiling. The next day I went for a walk around the district when I saw Cato walking out of his house. He saw me and called out my name. "CLOVE! HEY!" I waved and he ran over to me. "Are you going for a walk?" he asked. "Yes, around the edge of the district, do you want to come to?" I said. He smiled and cheerfully agreed. We walked for hours talking about our families learning each others hobbies, he told me he had started training in the sword/knife area last year. He told me his parents were expecting him to volunteer when he was sixteen. I told him that my mother was enrolling me into the knife training next year. "Well that's good we get to train together." He said with a smile. I smiled back. Everyday Cato and I would walk around the boundary of the district and talk about everything, and when the next year came around I started training with him. We helped each other out I taught him how to throw knives and he taught me how to use a sword. We were best friends. But a couple of years later I turned thirteen and Cato was already fifteen. I liked him more than a friend for many years but on my birthday I told him that I liked him and he just walked away. He avoided me for the rest of the year and he changed training classes. I was upset for a few weeks but I let all my anger out in my training. That is how I became so good. I gradually started to forget about Cato until now. All my feeling of happiness, love, sadness and hatred came flooding back while he was walking up to the stage. I could tell he was staring at me but I kept my eyes locked to the ground. Before I knew it Cato was standing on the other side of Brytis and our hands were raised into the air. "Ladies and Gentleman, District two's tributes Cato Hadley and Clove Seniva. Happy 74th Annual Hunger Games and may the odds be ever in your favour!" Brytis announced. He told us to shake hands and I turned to look at Cato's face when my eyes locked strait into his. The same as they were five years ago. Bright blue and so innocent. We were staring into each other's eyes while we shook hands and were broken of the stare when peacekeepers came and escorted us inside the Justice building. I was sent into a room that was full of blue velvet furniture. It was really cold outside but in here a fire heats it. I sat in front of the fire until my mother came in. "Hey baby." My mother said. "You didn't have to volunteer anyway." She said laughing. "They will have knives. So if you get your hands on some, you will be unstoppable. Kill them all and you'll be home before you know it." She says smiling, she kisses me on the forehead and hugged me for a minute. A peacekeeper came in and took her away "take care!" I say while she's leaving. "I love you!" I call out to her. The next person to come in is Cato. We are not supposed to see each other until we go onto the train. "Clove… I'm sor-…" before he could finish a peacekeeper pulls him back into his room. I knew what he was going to say. But I won't forgive him! I had no more visitors after that, so I was escorted to the train. Brytis was already aboard. I walked onto the train and turned around to look at District two for the last time, cameras were flashing in my face but I could just make out Cato walking out of the Justice Building. Chapter Three: A Train Ride To Another Life I didn't want to speak to anyone so I headed strait for my room. I heard Brytis call my name but I just kept walking. My room had a double bed and a bathroom. I had a shower, toilet and a bathtub. The bedroom also had three windows. I lie on the bed and stare up at the ceiling for a few minutes and I got up when the train started moving. I went to the bathroom and took a shower. I must have been in for an hour of so because Brytis was calling me for dinner. I got changed into a pair of pajamas the Avox's set out for me. (An Avox is a criminal who has been captured by the capitol, as punishment the Avox's have their tongues cut off preventing them from talking, and have been sent to slavery.) I head out for dinner, I notice that the table is completely full, I have never seen a table full of so much food. I sit down next to Brytis and my mentor Maggie Lopson. Maggie won the previous hunger games and is now my mentor. Cato came in a couple minutes later and sat in front of me. I filled my plate with all the food I could get my hands on. I stuffed my belly until I couldn't fit any more, Brytis was shocked I ate so much. After dinner I went strait to my room, I'm pretty sure Cato realized that I'm avoiding him because he came and knocked on my door. I didn't respond but I forgot to lock it so he came strait in. I was sitting on the chair next to the window. He came and sat on the bed, which was across from me. "Clove, I'm sorry." He finally says. "So you're finally sorry after two years." I say irritated. "Look Clove I didn't want to ignore you!" he snaps back. We sit there quietly for a few minutes. "What do you mean you didn't want to ignore me?" I finally ask him once I have calmed down. His gazes into my eyes, "I loved you Clove, I loved the way you would stagger on your sentences, I loved the way you double braided your hair into a ponytail, Clove I thought about you every