Harry Potter and the Toad's Mistake This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by JK Rowling, various publishers including but not limited to Bloomsbury Books, Scholastic Books and Raincoat Books, and Warner Bros., Inc. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Warnings: Slash Yaoi maleXmale M/M/M/M/M, Swearing, implied femslash yuri F/F, Italics mean parceltongue. It was just your typical day at Hogwarts Malfoy was lording some new thing he had received in the mail over the rest of the Slytherin and the Golden Trio was happily ignoring him. Dumbledore everyone's favorite headmaster was chatting merrily with his deputy headmistress about the upcoming Newt's and Professor Snape was picking at his food, the last Death Eater meeting having zapped his strength and appetite. This day though, was going to be different because Professor Umbrigde, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic, had finally found a way to control that lying attention seeking brat, Harry Potter. "Hry, ae he aod ace is looin a ou." Ron warned around a mouth full of food most people had no clue what he had just said but Harry did, after all he had plenty of practice understanding Ron's gurgled language. He was telling him in simpler terms that Professor Umbridge was looking at him. It wasn't anything new just that she was being more obvious about it than usual. Harry got a bad feeling that the old toad was planning something that was going to end nastily for him. The feeling got worse as the witch stood. "Hem-Hem," The great hall fell silent rather quickly at her words because if they didn't they got detention and lost house points; at the moment the only house that could stand to lose a few points was the Slytherin house. The women dressed completely in pink made her way to stand between the Gryffindors house table and the Slytherins. "Mr. Potter if you would please come here." Harry stood warily his instincts screamed at him 'Run, run far and fast!', but Harry ignored them. He knew deep inside that this witch was looking to get him in more trouble. Feeling like he was walking to his doom the young raven haired boy approached the witch in pink. "Mr. Potter as Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic it is my duty to give you this." She didn't even pause to give him a chance to look at it she just slammed it over his head quickly. Harry felt it right away as the necklace the bitch had given him settled around his neck, it was magical and judging by its power radiating from it, this bloody necklace was several years old. This was the last straw; he wouldn't take another piece of that mad woman's drivel any longer. "Madam it would be in your best interest to explain what you have just 'gifted' me with because I can feel quite clearly that it is no ordinary necklace." To say Dolores Umbridge was shocked would be an understatement not only had the little brat known that the jewelry was magical but he had just addressed her like a trained young lord, as any pureblood would have. She had a ghastly feeling, as if she had just prodded a sleeping dragon. The necklace now alight with a green glow made Harry even angrier than before. He recognized this item. He knew exactly what it was and what he would now have to put up with. Harry glowered at the pitiful women before him. Suddenly Draco Malfoy stood and walked over, at the same time as one Severus Snape was dragged forward, and two more cloaked figures walked in only to stop when they had finished the circle around Harry. Pleased wasn't a word you could use to describe Harry Potter at the moment in fact you could go ahead and assume he was very unhappy with the resent turn of events. "Hermione, please tell me this isn't what I think it is?" Harry kept his voice neutral and his face calm. "Harry, yes it is exactly that." Hermione confirmed it, he now had by the looks of it four bond mates. He wasn't too happy about this considering he was still in the closest about a lot of things. The raven haired boy nodded to himself and looked at the simple piece of twine with a little coin looking medallion hanging from it. The medallion was completely plain in that the only design on it was what could be considered a person surrounded by four other people. "Potter, explain what's going on!" The youngest blonde bond mate yelled, for whatever reason he was stuck to where he stood, he wanted answers and he didn't want to wait. "Please wait just a moment I have something's to take care of, then I will answer your questions." His words were for all four men gathered around him because they were each giving of the feeling of slow building anger and confusion. "Dobby!" He summoned one of his personal house elves swiftly. A little pop and suddenly the very happy well-dressed elf appeared, only to jump on Harry's leg. "Master Harry, yous be calling Dobby." "Yes, Dobby I want you to go get the Minister and Kingsley." He gave out his order and if possible the house elves smile got even bigger. "If they don't want to come?" Dobby frowned not able to understand how anyone could ignore his master. "Well just tell them the truth," Dobby looked confused for a second so Harry elaborated looking directly at Umbridge with cold eyes. "Tell them Lord Black summoned them on an urgent matter that requires his attention." Dobby nodded enthusiastically and popped away. Most people in the room wanted to ask when he had accepted his titles but felt it was the wrong time. "Winky!" He called his other house elf smiling at the lovely shade of red his friend was turning. "Master Harry sir, what can Winky bes doing for yous?" She asked cheerily, a smile gracing her now sober face. "Will you bring me that jar on the mantel of Gryffindor common room?" Harry asked quietly but the nearest gryffindor heard and giggled. Ron shook his head at him. "So mate what ya going to do with that beetle, huh?" He knew just who that stupid bug was and why it wasn't released yet but it wasn't like he was going to say so in front of all these people. He had some tact after all. Harry smirked at his friend giving him a look that said 'you'll see'. While they waited Harry turned hard emerald eyes on the woman who was supposedly a teacher, she shivered. Not one to give away the game he kept his face calm, but inside he was laughing at the idiotic witch. "Potter quit looking at me like that." The toad demanded in her high pitched squeal. That inward smile grew as he continued to stare. "Potter, it's rude to stare. So quit." She quivered. When the emerald eyes stayed she screeched loudly "Potter, don't make me give you detention!" At this Harry did laugh but this laugh was cold and condescending. "You mean after we finish the twelve other detentions I already have with you or before that?" His stare turned questioning. Ron and Hermione laughed then too. "Oh no, another detention!" Hermione mock cried still laughing hard. "It's not like she can do anything worse to ya mate. What with the quidditch and Hogsmeade ban. Of course she could expel you." Ron added. "But it is you after all so who knows." The two laughing fools shared a look and Harry shook his head at them. The non-D.A. members were shocked to hear the Golden Trio speak in such a manner. They didn't understand how the boy-hero and his side-kicks could be so, so sarcastic. "Harry, my boy you can't…" Dumbledore didn't get to finish his worried rambles before three sets of cold hate filled eyes fell to him. Even the D.A. looked at him with hatred. "Firstly old man I'm not you boy, secondly I can do whatever the hell I want to and thirdly you're not my guardian, in anyway." His calm voice filled the Great Hall with new knowledge. A little pop alerted him to Winky's return with the bug filled jar. "Here's you are Master." She handed over the jar then waited for her next instructions. "Thank you Winky. You can go back to whatever you were doing." He smiled brightly at the blushing elf, who hugged his leg tight before she vanished. Once she was gone Harry dropped the smile and put the jar down. Backing away he pointed his wand at the thing intoning the animagus reveling charm giddily. The bug transformed in the jar expanding till a very put out Rita Skeeter stood there. "Potter I will take you up on charges!" She hollered and all Harry could think was her animagus form should have been a hissing roach. "Now now Rita you think it's going to matter? You were just exposed as an illegal animagus." He cackled brightly. "Alright brat what do you want with me?" she demanded arms crossed looking like an angry adult who thinks she can bully a child. "It's Lord Black to you Miss." At that Skeeter spluttered out her apologies quickly. "Now you're about to see some interesting things and I want it in the Prophet but I want it written just as you saw, so no 'Quick Notes Quills' or 'Quick Quotes Quills', alright? Just facts." In the end the beetle was grumbling but took up his offer. Finally he turned to the four men gathered around him. "I'm sorry Professor Snape, Malfoy; there is nothing I can do to prevent the rest of the Wizarding world from hearing about you being involved in this whole situation." With a nod from the both of them he turned to the other two. "I can understand the need for something's to remain a secret if you want others to know your identity you can remove your cloak otherwise I would suggest you kept it on and remain silent for the next hour or so." He addressed all four together now. "Unfortunately because of the charms on the necklace you four won't be able to leave my company till we settle the terms of the contract imbued in the necklace." None of the four got the chance to answer because just then the Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge, Head Auror Shacklebot, and several trainees walked through the Great Halls doors. "Potter! What is this nonsense of you summoning me and my aurors away from our jobs?" The man demanded to know after only take one step through the door and his voice was already grating on everyone's nerves. "Hmmm," Harry raised a hand lazily into the air and a stack of papers came flying to it including the one Dolores had in her grubby hands. "Kingsley, your head auror correct?" Harry asked the tall black man but didn't expect an answer. "Tell me if this is legal." He passed a contract with the minister's approval of the use of the charm that bound the five unlikely people together. It gave permission to use a long outlawed artifact. "No its not, even if he is the minister this paper would need the Head of the Department of Mystery's signature, your guardian's signatures and several votes of agreement from the Wizingot." Kingsley browed furrow as he read the piece of utter nonsense. "Dolores Umbridge you're under arrest for…" Kingsly intoned angrily while his fellow aurors surrounded her and the minister. "Just a moment I have another here that's questionable." He passed the paper over calmly but this was the one that would seal the deal for this both the Minister and Umbitch would be in Azkaban for life. Kingsly gasp and look of horror let