Fire. All I see is fire. And pain. All I feel is pain. Not in the physical sense, although I know all too well how that feels. I've dealt with my fair share of fire and burning for a lifetime. No. This is pain is all in my head. At this point, however, I wouldn't know the difference. It's strange how real nightmares feel at times. As I look through the fire, I see her. My little duck. I see her shirt hanging out of her skirt like a tail. I see her blonde hair swaying in the flames. And worst, I see her arm. Reaching for me to save her. I reach myself but can never seem to get to her. I'm pushing. Pushing myself towards her but to no avail. I hear an ear-piercing scream and wake with a start. The pain in my throat confirms to me that it was my own screams I was hearing. My breathing picks up rapidly as I realize that, even though this was a nightmare, the events that inspired it are all too real. Much like all of my nightmares. I feel pressure around me, and I see him. His blue eyes look down on me with concern as I try to steady my breathing. His arms are helping with that. I don't know how I ever got through nights without them. "Are you alright?" Peeta asks quietly, pulling me closer to him. I take a deep breath and bury my face into his chest. "No." I answer honestly. He squeezes me harder and kisses the top of my head; a gesture that feels so comfortable and familiar, it makes me wonder how I ever doubted him. It took time for us to get like this. We had to fix ourselves first, but we helped each other during the process. We will never be completely whole again, with what we've both been through. But one thing that I know for sure is that he is what I need. What I've always needed. Every time I think about it, I get angry with myself for taking so long to realize it. I should have known from the time he threw me that bread that he would always be the one to save me. To make me laugh and to help me see that life doesn't have to be some dark and dreary place. To teach me that you can always find light if you look for it. But darkness was all that I knew after my father died. And I was blinded. I was blinded by thinking that love was a weakness. That it only brings you heartache because, from what I had seen, you always lose what you love. And I didn't think that I could stand to lose anything else that I loved. I tried explaining this to Peeta once. It was one of the most terrifying nights of my life, but also one of the most important. It was the night he opened my eyes. It was after he came and planted primroses in front of my house. For her. For the one person in my life who I knew I unconditionally loved. I felt obligated to do something for him. Almost irritated by the thought because I knew that I will never be able to stop repaying the boy with the bread. Especially when he keeps doing things to remind me that life goes on, and it can be beautiful. So I did the only thing that I could think of: I invited him over for dinner. While we were eating the game that I had caught that day, everything felt awkward. Greasy Sae did her best to try to keep up a conversation with the two of us, but even she felt the effort was hopeless. After she left, we finished our meal in silence, only listening to the clanking of our dishes. "Thank you for dinner." Peeta says politely as I start to clear the table. "You're welcome. But Sae made it. I just provided the meat." I reply in a monotone. "Well, the meat was the best part." Peeta says awkwardly while rising from the table. "Thank you for bringing the bread. That was my favorite part." I say just as awkwardly. I see him give a little half smile. "I was hoping you still liked my cheese buns." "You remember that?" I ask in shock. "There are little details that come back every now and then." His smile gets wider. I smile myself, thinking back on the memories of lying in my bed, stuffing my face and licking the grease off my fingers while watching Peeta draw in my family's plant book. Also smiling because I'm relieved to know that Peeta is continuing to get better. "Well, I should probably get home." Peeta says, interrupting my thoughts. I look at him, and he suddenly has a very serious look on his face. "So soon?" To my surprise, I don't want him to leave. It's nice having somebody here in the house with me. "Yeah. I…" And that's when it happens. Peeta's body stiffens, and then starts to shake convulsively. He forces his eyes shut, grabs the back of the chair that he was sitting in and tries to steady himself. But it's no use. He starts muttering things under his breath and I know that he must be having an attack. I haven't seen him like this since we were in the Capitol together. When we were fighting for our freedom. After we had been attacked by mutts. When he almost tried to… I freeze. I don't know what to do. Should I try to comfort him? Do I dare touch him or let him hear my voice? I know that he could attack me at any moment and I don't want to provoke him. Then I hear a voice inside my own head. It's Prim. And my mind takes me back to the cold, dark, underground world of District 13. "There's a chance that the old Peeta, the one who loves you, is still inside. Trying to get back to you. Don't give up on him." Remembering the sound of her voice hurts me to the point where I almost collapse on my kitchen floor. But I now know that I need to get Peeta through this. For Prim, at least. Don't give up on him. Don't give up on him. I repeat this to myself over and over as I make my feet move closer to Peeta, still shaking and holding on the chair as if it's his lifeline. I stand behind him for a moment, my heart pounding, still debating if this is the right decision. Even still, I find myself rubbing my hand across Peeta's back and he instantly stiffens again. This is the first time I've touched him in what feels like an eternity, and I can feel the heat of his body radiating onto my hand in a very familiar way. He doesn't immediately attack me, which I take as a good sign, and I wrap my arms tightly around him. We stay like this for a few moments, and I feel him slowly turning around to face me. I look up at him and his eyes are still firmly shut, taking deep breaths in and out. I grab his face with both of my hands, and rub his cheeks with my thumbs. This has worked before. After the mutation attack. But only after… I know what I have to do. I raise myself on my toes so that my lips meet his. As he did before, he starts to shudder in response, not expecting it. But, this only lasts for a moment. He relaxes and, to my surprise, his lips press down harder on mine and I suddenly feel something wet on my face. They aren't from my eyes, however. I open my eyes to see quiet tears falling down onto Peeta's cheeks. "I'm sorry." Peeta whispers as his eyes meet mine. His pupils contract and I can tell he has come back into reality. "For what?" I ask him as I wipe the tears from his face. He has nothing to be sorry about. None of this is his fault. If anything, I'm the one who should be sorry. I'm the one who got him captured by the Capitol in the first place. I'm the one who keeps giving him false signals about my feelings for him. I'm the one who keeps hurting him. And as I continue to see him cry, I know this is true even more now. "That you had to see me like that. I thought it was getting better. But I guess,…" he trails off. Embarrassed. "No, Peeta. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry." I have to take a deep breath and look at the floor to prevent myself from breaking down. "I-I shouldn't have done that." I feel his hand on my chin and he forces my face up so that I have to look at him. "You saved me. As you always have. Don't ever be sorry for that." I take a deep breath again in aggravation. "Saved you? It's because of me that you have to deal with this. It's my fault! And I…" I'm not sure how to continue. "I-I just don't want to get the wrong idea." I finally get out. Peeta gives me a confused look. "Katniss, how is any of this your fault?" He still doesn't get it. "I keep hurting you. Peeta! I keep hurting everybody!" I shout. Even myself . I think. "I'm the reason why you were tortured! I'm the reason why you can't tell if things are real or not real! Sometimes I don't even know myself." I stop, not really realizing what I'm saying. I sigh. "Why did you even come back?" I ask as I move over to the couch in my living room and put my head in my hands. I know that he didn't have to. He could have stayed in the Capitol, got a job in another district as baker. There are so many options. He could have been happy in a place that was far away from me. I feel him sit beside me. "You never cease to confuse me." He says in response. I look up at him with a confused look of my own and he starts to laugh a little. What in the world is so funny? "Not even five minutes ago, I was standing in your kitchen, going through memories of you trying to kill me and convincing myself that they weren't real. I could have really hurt you. I've done it before…" he trails off again and gets a sad look on his face. No doubt remembering our first encounter after he arrived in District 13. I instinctively put my hand around my neck while the visions flash through my mind as well. "And you stand there talking about how you hurt me?" He says to me almost shouting. I know he has a point. There was a time when I was scared for my life when he was around. When I thought he would never be the same Peeta again. But he's wrong. I do keep hurting him. Every day. I hurt him by leading him on, making him think that there could be future with us. I've been doing it for years now. "You're wrong." Is all I say. He's about to protest when I put my finger to lips. I start to ramble. "Listen. You're wrong. I have been hurting you. I've been hurting you for a long time now. And you probably don't remember most of it. And that's my fault! It's my fault that all of this happened. It's my fault that District 12 was destroyed. It's my fault that so many people died. It's my fault that you lost your family. And it's my