The events of this story take place about 6 months after the events of Breaking Dawn. I'm pretty new to this whole fanfiction thing, so please read and review. I'd love to know what you think! " This is the place Quil recommended?" Paul asked incredulously. "Apparently," Jared raised an eyebrow at the interior of the restaurant. The floor of the 50's-style diner was checkered in black and white and the seats were covered in a tacky red vinyl. A Buddy Holly song that Jared remembered his mom liked listening to was playing over the radio. "Hello," a cheery voice greeted Paul and Jared. The two Quileutes did a double take when they spotted the small girl standing in front of them. She wore a pink poodle-skirt with a matching pink top. Her hair was curled and she her lips were coated in a bright red lipstick. It was clear that she worked at the diner. "Table for two?" She asked, looking down at the clipboard in her hands. "Four, actually," Sam spoke as he walked through the door behind Paul and Jared, with an arm wrapped around Emily's waist. "Of course," the hostess smiled at them, "right this way." She led them to a booth at the back of the restaurant. Sam let Emily slide into the booth first before sitting beside her, while Jared and Paul sat across from them. The hostess handed them their menus. "You bunch have good timing. Got here just before the dinner rush," she commented before she walked away to deal with a new group of customers entering the restaurant. Sure enough, the place filled up quickly. Paul groaned and rubbed his temple as the noise in the place grew steadily louder. He could tell Jared was annoyed too. The two of them had just gotten off patrol, and were tired and hungry. "This place is terrible," Jared mumbled as a particularly loud group of teenagers were seated at a booth near them. Emily shook her head at him, "I think this place is cute. I like how all the waitresses are wearing that same skirt and lipstick. It reminds me of the 50's." Paul laughed, "You weren't even alive in the 50's." Emily glared at him and he held up his hands as a sign of defeat. No one dared to argue with Emily. "Plus, Quil said this place has the best milkshakes," Emily continued as if she hadn't been interrupted. "And I need a milkshake." Sam smiled and kissed the side of Emily's head while resting a hand on her stomach. She wasn't really showing yet, but Emily was definitely pregnant. Her weird cravings were enough proof of that. That's why they came here in the first place – Emily wanted a milkshake and a bunch of other food, but she wasn't able to cook it herself. The smell of raw foods made her sick. It was so bad that she was hardly able to cook for the pack at all anymore. None of them complained though, the instinct to protect the imprints was ingrained in all of them, and the pack members would rather go to their own houses to eat than to cause Emily to become sick. Jared and Paul didn't necessarily have to accompany them to the restaurant, but they wanted to. They had both been around since the beginning of Sam and Emily – they had helped them through everything, including when Sam accidently phased and almost killed Emily. So, Jared and Paul felt particularly protective of this imprint. Though, they may also have come just because they were hungry and didn't want to cook for themselves. Emily blushed as her stomach lowly growled. Normal ears probably wouldn't have even picked up the sound, but she was surrounded by three wolves. Paul was annoyed that a waitress hadn't even been to their table yet. He brought up two fingers to his lips and let out a shrill whistle, catching the attention of one waitress that was wearing the same poodle skirt and lipstick as all of the other girls. Her head whipped up at the noise and she glared in his direction for a moment before forcing a smile and heading over to their table. "Paul," Emily chastised when suddenly Jared jumped in his seat. "Hey," Jared looked wide-eyed at Emily, "what was that for?" "Sorry, I was aiming for Paul." Emily nudged Sam until he kicked Paul under the table for her. Paul was going to kick him back when they were interrupted. "Sorry about the wait" the waitress paused as she dug her hands into the pockets of her apron, looking for her notepad and pen. As soon as she found them, she looked up again and turned towards Paul. "What can I get for ya?" Paul opened his mouth to order, but the words escaped him as soon as he looked into her eyes. Nothing else mattered then, not the loud patrons in the diner, not the emptiness in his stomach – all that mattered was her. He got lost in her eyes – eyes that were the color of whiskey, but not the cheap stuff he used to drink at parties. No, her eyes were made of the most expensive whiskey money could buy and he thought then that she might just make him an alcoholic. The moment was ruined however, when she broke their contact by rolling her eyes. Paul remembered then that she had asked him a question and he stuttered as he tried to come up with an answer. The waitress looked over to the others then, "Well, do you three – " She was at least going to ask for their orders, but abruptly stopped when she saw that the three of them were completely focused on the other Quileute sitting with them. She was sufficiently annoyed now, "Great. Well next time, don't call me over unless you actually need something. I'm pretty busy, in case you hadn't noticed." As if on cue, one of the other patrons in the diner started yelling at the waitress, demanding a coffee refill, and she hurried away. Paul's eyes followed her every movement. When she disappeared into the kitchen, Paul stood up to follow her. "Paul." Sam's rough voice cut through the silence that had overcome their table. Paul realized what he had been about to do and quickly sat back down. It took everything in him to look away from the door she had disappeared behind and face his brothers and Emily. Jared, Emily, and Sam all had completely different reactions to Paul's imprint. Jared and Emily were grinning from ear-to-ear; while Sam was wearily studying Paul's every movement. Everyone reacted differently to the imprint and Paul was undoubtedly the least predictable of the pack, even when they could read his mind. He rarely thought before he did anything, he just… reacted . Not this time though, Paul was too stunned to do much of anything. They all were. "So…" Jared trailed off, an annoying smirk on his face. "You imprinted on a pale-face?" Not liking how Jared was talking about his imprint, Paul let out a low growl and clenched his fists. There was the anger Sam had been waiting for. The anger was gone the moment it appeared though, as the kitchen door opened and she stepped out. "I don't know her name," Paul whispered. He watched his imprint as she balanced a tray piled high with food and drinks while she made her way to a table full of high school kids. "It's Macy." Paul faced Sam again, "How – ?" He was interrupted by Jared's laugh. "Maybe if you spent a little less time staring into her eyes and a little more time reading her nametag …" Jared shrugged. Paul let out a warning growl and turned his attention back to his imprint, Macy . It was a sweet name, one that he was sure would roll easily off his tongue, but he didn't dare try and test that theory. Jared made that mistake when he first imprinted on Kim and the pack teased him about it for more than a month. He focused on her movements instead. The tray she was carrying looked heavy, but each step she made was controlled and deliberate. He suddenly doubted that she had ever dropped a tray in her life. That confidence in his imprint quickly dissolved, however, when he saw the foot of one of the teenagers dart directly into her path. He gripped the end of the table as he readied himself to dart forward. If he was fast enough, he would be able to catch her. All too quickly, Sam grabbed Paul's wrist, causing him to hesitate, and Macy stepped right over the kid's foot. Paul let out a sigh when he realized she got lucky and missed. All four of them watched closely as Macy handed out the food and drinks to the teenagers at the table. She served the boy who tried to trip her last and as she handed him his drink, the end of the glass nicked the table and fell into his lap. Paul felt oddly satisfied as the cold soda soaked into the boy's pants. Macy's eyes went wide as she gasped, "I'm so so sorry." She used some napkins to wipe up the table. "Let me go get you another drink." As Macy stood up and walked towards the kitchen, a wide smile broke out on her face and she brought a hand up to cover a laugh. Paul realized then that her spilling the soda hadn't been an accident and that she had in fact noticed the boy trying to trip her. "Looks like your imprint can take care of herself," Sam commented, having noticed the same things that Paul did. The next time Macy exited the kitchen, she was carrying one soda and four waters. After giving the boy at the other table a new soda, she headed right for their table. Paul immediately sat up straighter and gave her his full attention. Macy gave them a small smile and dropped the water glasses onto the table. "Look, guys," Macy sighed and tucked some hair that had fallen out of her ponytail behind her ear. "If you don't order something soon I'm going to have to ask ya'll to leave. There are other people waiting to be seated." "Well, what do you recommend?" Paul managed to ask smoothly. He found it was easy to talk to her, as long as he didn't let himself get lost in her eyes. "I dunno," Macy pulled a face – Paul thought it was adorable. "I don't eat this crap." "So…?" Macy trailed off, still looking for an answer. Paul began to panic, he still hadn't looked at a menu and he had no idea what this place even offered. "Hey, weren't you going to order the Swiss Burger?" Jared spoke up. He sent Jared a thankful look before facing Macy again, "Yeah, I'll have the, uh, Swiss Burger." Macy quirked an eyebrow and wrote down his order. Paul studied her as she took Jared's order next. He ordered some other type of burger, Paul thought. He wasn't really listening. Instead he was watching his imprint. Paul thought that she looked much better in that lipstick than all of the other girls did. She didn't look tacky like the hostess who greeted them, she looked, well – sexy . "And what about you?" Macy turned her attention to Emily. The three werewolves tensed, waiting for the usual reaction most people posed when confronted with Emily's scars for the first time. However, the girl showed no indication that she had even noticed the scars at all. Sam took the moment to study the girl further, noticing that there was a certain devil-may-care attitude about Macy, from her relaxed posture to the easy-going smile on her face. He doubted that anything would faze her,