Saving Carlisle 23rd April 1988 A woman's scream echoed throughout the rather quiet hospital halls. After the recent loss of one child Elizabeth Cullen was in fact giving birth to her late angels twin with her husband by her side. Three more pushes and two screams later a small cry then replaced the big one. A little blonde haired boy had been born into the world and placed into his ever loving mothers arms where she kissed his forehead. His Father sat beside his wife and looked at the child in her arms, his eyes were not loving nor did they hold any of the warmth that a new fathers should. No they were cold and unloving. Elizabeth hadn't noticed her husbands stare as she was engulfed in the beauty of her newborn son before he was rushed to the NICU. His name was Carlisle Daniel Cullen Williams, he weighed 2 Lbs and had blonde hair and baby blue eyes. He was very small and sickly but He was perfect. Carlisle POV 3 Years later I was sad. Most little boys got sad when they missed their favourite Cartoon or when Mummy and Daddy don't get them ice cream but I wasn't, I was sad because my Mummy and Daddy were shouting downstairs and I grew more and more sad and even a little scared when I listened to what they were saying. "ARTHUR I CAN'T DEAL WITH THIS ANYMORE!" "WITH WHAT ELIZABETH WHAT AM I DOING WRONG?" "I CAN'T DEAL WITH THE DRINKING, THE SCREAMING, THE ABANDONMENT AND I CAN NOT DEAL WITH YOU PUSHING THAT LITTLE BOY FURTHER AND FURTHER AWAY" "WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO ABOUT IT?" Mummy calmed down a little bit and it was harder to hear. "Arthur, I have tried to help you but I can't do it any longer" "What?" Mummy walked upstairs and almost tripped over me. "Sorry Mummy, I promise I wasn't listening" "Oh baby come here" she hugged me just as my Daddy followed her up the stairs. "Stupid boy" he snarled at me, Daddy was really drunk. "Don't you dare Arthur" "He should be in bed!" "He was awakened by our shouting now let it go!" "I'm sorry Daddy" He just mumbled, Mummy carried me into her bedroom and playfully threw me on the bed, I giggled. "Carlisle baby can you go choose a few small toys for you and sit them on your bed, Please?" I nodded and ran into my room. I picked up my cuddly giraffe called Toby and a fairytale book that Mummy reads to me. Mummy came in my bedroom and put some of my clothes, underwear and a pair of pyjamas into a bag that also had her clothes in it. She then put me in Wellie boots, a blue jacket, hat, scarf and gloves. "Lizzy you are being irrational, I can change" "Then prove it, when you can give me proof that you are no longer an Alcoholic then we will come home but until then, Goodbye" She left the house with me. "Mummy where are we going? And Why is Daddy not coming?" "I don't know baby boy and Daddy isn't being very nice so we're giving him some calm down time" "Like a time out?" "Yeah baby like a time out" "It's dark Mummy, I'm scared" "I know baby boy, just hold my hand and hold Toby tight because he is scared too" I nodded, we ended up walking to a building which I know to be a Church because Daddy told me that god lives there. "Mummy are we going to stay with God?" "Not exactly baby but let's hope that God's friend will let us in" It was raining and my jacket was letting in rain so I was wet and cold. Mummy knocked on the door to the church and an old man dressed in black answered, I gasped this must be God's friend. "Hello Maim, how can I help you?" "My son and I are in need for a place to stay for a few nights and I was wondering if in any way could you help us?" "Let me guess dear, Domestic Abuse?" "Not quite sir, An alcoholic, I have made my husband very aware that we will not be returning until he has stopped" "Come on in out of the cold and I will see what I can do" We entered the church and I looked around at the walls at all of the pretty pictures, Gods friend led us up a twirly staircase that led to a house. It was so cool. He kneeled down in front of me. "Hey buddy why doesn't your Mummy go get you dried of and in some pyjamas and I will make us three some hot chocolate, Does that sound good?" I nodded looking down, I was cold. "The bathroom is just down the hall" Mummy got me changed out of my wet pyjamas and into some new warm ones, Toby was really wet but I hugged him anyway, we went back out to the kitchen and sat at the table with Gods friend. "I have a spare bedroom that I would be more than happy for you two to use for as long as you please, I won't expect any rent from you but if it would be possible for you two to perhaps help me around the house and the church as I am getting a little old" "We would be honoured thank you so much, Father" "Please maim, call me Anthony" he said shaking my Mummy's hand. "Then call me Elizabeth and this is Carlisle, my son" she said looking at me as I sat drinking my hot chocolate, the cup was far to big for my hands so I looked funny. "Carlisle, can you tell me what age you are?" "3" "What's your favourite colour?" "Purple but my Daddy always said its a girls colour" "I'm sure boys can like it too, In fact I have a niece who's favourite colour is blue and my nephews favourite colour is pink" "Really!" "Uh Hugh" "Are you God's friend, Mister" He smiled at my Mummy who nodded. "Yes I am and I think God wants to be your friend too" "I'll be his friend but only if he isn't mean because I don't like mean people" "Don't you worry about that buddy" I smiled at him, I liked Mr Anthony. We all spoke a little more until Mr Anthony noticed my very wet giraffe. "Why Carlisle, you didn't tell me you had a little friend with you, What's his name?" "Toby" "Can I see him?" "We'll you be careful because he's my bestist friend in the whole wide world" "Of course I'll be careful with him" he smiled at me and I handed him Toby. "Oh he's wet" "He doesn't have a rain jacket or wellie boots" "Why don't I dry him in my magic drying machine for you then he will be all warm and cuddly for you?" I nodded and he put him in a drying machine for a little while before taking him out and handing him to me, he WAS real cuddly and warm. "Thank you Mr Anthony" I yawned. "It's no problem, Are you sleepy? I'll show you to your room, ok?" I nodded and he took my hand and led me down the hall to a bedroom whilst my Mummy got changed. "Are you scared of the dark Carlisle?" I nodded shyly. "I will find a nightlight for you then but you do know there is nothing in the dark that can harm you, Don't you?" "Yes there is?" "What Buddy?" "My Daddy." "Carlisle, does your Daddy ever hit you?" "Only if he is really really mad like two days ago I flooded the bathroom when Mummy was at work because I needed a bath and Daddy was mad and drunk so he spanked me" "You are not going home Carlisle not until your Daddy has stopped drinking and if you ever need a bath either in this house or at your house, Ask someone to run it for you ok?" "Why I'm a big boy now" "You are a big boy but even big boys need help with little things, God forbid it Carlisle but if you were to topple into that bath, I don't know what would happen" "I like you Mr Anthony" "I like you too Buddy now crawl in bed and I will fetch you a nightlight" He returned with a nightlight and I heard Mummy thanking him and crawling in beside me. "Love you Mummy" "I love you too baby boy" 2 months later We have lived with Mr Anthony for 2 months now and it was Awesome, we read books and he taught me how to pray which was funner than I thought it would be. Mummy told me yesterday that Daddy had stopped drinking so we were going home, I want to stay with Mr Anthony but I can't. At least he said I was allowed to come around whenever I wanted and I could help him with the church. We arrived home and Daddy said Hello to us at the door, I was surprised because he even said Hello to Toby and acted nice. I hope Daddy stays like this forever and ever. 1 year later Daddy was great for a little while after we came home, he would cook us food, kiss Mummy and sometimes just sometimes he would even read to me but that wasn't for long at least for me. Every single night Daddy will come into my room when Mummy is sleeping and he tells me that I am stupid, a freak and other nasty words, He told me he hated me and that made me really sad then he hits me but I don't cry or scream because he says if I do he will hurt Mummy and I can't let him hurt Mummy. Whenever my Mummy asks me where I get my bruises and cuts I tell her that I tripped up because Daddy told me so. Mummy and Daddy are arguing again because Mummy lost her job or something whatever that means but it seemed to make Daddy really mad, they screamed and shouted and I heard things smash then the door slamming. Mummy had left me with Daddy and I will never see her again. After that Daddy hurt me a lot more and he used his belt now as well because Mummy wasn't here to see the cuts and bruises, Not long ago Mummy and Daddy had this big meeting thing with lots of other people to see who I would live with I hoped they would pick Mummy but they didn't they said Daddy was better for me and could give me a better life. My Mummy hugged me and told me she loved me but wouldn't be able to see me for a while, She even cried before kissing my head and leaving me with Daddy, That was the last time I saw Mummy. 3 years later It was my birthday! I was 7 now. I still haven't seen Mummy and Daddy hates me, he beats me every night, he whips me, slaps me, punches me and burns me. He also says mean things like how I'm worthless and My Mummy hates me, I don't believe him Mummy loved me it was him she didn't love not me. I don't have any friends because Daddy won't let me out to play, he won't let me go to school either, he says I'm to stupid and the teachers would kick me out. I don't speak a lot anymore, I'm to scared because of what Daddy will do if I say anything wrong. I am so scared and so alone, at least I have Toby and the few things I saved from my Mummy hidden under the floor boards where