" And it's Eager Beaver across the line, coming in at seventeen to two, and what an upset! That'll really put the wind up the bookies! Anyone who put money on Eager Beaver, how about sending a drink up here?" "You've done it again, kid," Jarrell's dad said. He reached down and ruffled Jarrell's hair, then took a sip of his coke. "Beats me how you pick the winners every single time, but blow me if it ain't useful." "It's just guessing, dad," Jarrell said. "Like, you put some green flyweight up against Floyd Mayweather, you don't gotta be a genius to figure out what's gonna happen. Likely it's only gonna go one way, but you could see anything go down, who knows, right? That's all it is, just guessing." Jarrell's dad had taken him to the races as a treat maybe once every couple of months, for as long as he could remember. It was a tradition between them, and afterwards they'd go out and have a nice meal somewhere in the city. After so much time spent watching the races, anyone would get pretty good at predicting the winning horse, right? Jarrell couldn't see the big deal. "Well, I ain't complaining. You got some kinda gift, kid." Jarrell frowned. "Least there's something I can do right." His dad patted him on the shoulder. "School still not goin' well, huh?" "Naw, dad, school's goin' just fine, mostly. I got my meds, the teachers know 'bout my ADD and dyslexia, everyone's been real good about helping me out." "You know that ain't what I meant." Jarrell sighed. "I don't get it, dad. I know I'm pretty good at football, I can kick everyone's ass during drills and I'm quick as heck on my feet. Just, I dunno, whenever we have a game we never win. Ever ." "You know it ain't about the winning kid, it's about the-" "Yeah, yeah, the taking part, I know. But c'mon, an entire season without a single win? That ain't right. And- look, dad... some of the guys are saying it's my fault." "That right?" Jarrell's dad said. He had a neutral expression on his face. "Yeah. Look, it's just bad luck, but someone noticed any side I was on in practice never seemed to win. Now everyone's heard the rumour, and no-one wants to be on a team with me, in anything. Not just football! Class projects, soccer at recess, anything!" "Hm." Jarrell had half-expected his dad to start shouting about how that was plain unfair, that Jarrell should make them shut up and eat their words. But then, his dad was always pretty calm about that kind of thing. "You been trying your best, right?" "Yeah, every damn day." "Language, kid. Look, if you try your best, that's all anyone can ever ask. You know you don't have to win for me to be proud of you, right?" Jarrell knew. From day one, his dad had cheered him on in everything, and when Jarrell had inevitably lost once again, his dad had given him a hug and told him he was amazing just the same. Still, though. It was kind of disheartening for a kid to have never won at anything in his life. Jarrell Bradley couldn't remember a single time it had happened to him. It wasn't that he was particularly bad or anything – he was pretty sure he was better than most kids at things like sports, and he wasn't exactly stupid, either. It was just that the other team always seemed to be a little better, or his own team made a couple more mistakes, or that he otherwise just plain got unlucky. He hadn't let it get him down. Jarrell would just have to try harder, that was all. If he just kept at it, surely he'd have victory someday. His dad stood up, and started putting on his coat. "Well, you know there's one thing you already won at, right?" "What?" "You're the best damn son I ever had. No contest, hands down, you win." "Hey, I thought you said to watch your language!" Jarrell said, laughing. "Me? Hey, I'm a grown-ass man. You're not even ten. What're people gonna say if I let my kid cuss like a sailor in front of me?" They argued like that all the way home. "Alright, Bradley, you listening?" Connor Stoll shouted. Jarrell looked up, his head feeling weird with the extra weight of the helmet on it. "Uh, yeah." "Man, what kind of response is that? It's like you don't want to win!" You have no idea , Jarrell thought, but out loud he said, "Sorry. Carry on, head counsellor." "Okay, like I was saying , since this is your first time playing capture the flag with us here at Camp Half-Blood, no-one's going to expect too much of you. Don't rush it, just take your time and learn how it all works. It's hard to move in armor if you're not used to it, so don't exhaust yourself running around. Other than that, you're pretty much free to move as you wish." He looked around at his team, and sighed. "Come on, guys. I know the competition's pretty stiff today, but that's no excuse for not trying!" "Pretty stiff?" repeated one camper incredulously. "Freaking unfair is more like it." "Yeah!" chimed in another. "They've got the entire Ares cabin and Athena cabin and Percy fricking Jackson! Who is invulnerable , in case you forgot!" The other members of the team made noises of agreement. Jarrell just shrugged. He'd thought, once he'd been revealed as a demigod by that goat guy and brought to Camp Half-Blood, that his losing streak might finally break. But, just like the last fourteen years, he hadn't won at anything since he'd got here. The games of chance with the Hermes cabin he could sort of understand – they were rigged, or so he was told. But the wrestling matches, the sword fights, the foot races – once again he'd come dead last in everything. Still. He'd come to expect it by now, and to tell the truth he hardly ever bothered anymore. He did feel sorry for those on his team, though. It wasn't their fault they were about to lose. ...although from the sounds of it the other team would have steamrolled them even without Jarrell's curse. It couldn't be helped. "Calm down, people!" Connor was yelling. "Look, we have a plan. We're going for an absolute defensive strategy today – we'll have everyone focusing on defending the flag. Meanwhile, we have our secret weapon here in Hermes cabin! Wendy, you're up!" A young girl, around eleven, stood forward and raised her hand. She looked nervous, but resolute. Jarrell recognised her from the Hermes cabin, where he was staying. Unlike him, though, who was just staying there until he was claimed by his godly parent, Wendy West was an actual daughter of Hermes. "Wendy here is the fastest kid here at Camp Half-Blood," Connor said proudly. "No exceptions. As soon as we start, she's going to rush Blue Team and take their flag before they're ready. The rest of us will take care of our flag. Don't let them get it . Oh, and don't forget to cheat. Seriously, guys, cheat your asses off." Wendy saluted and sprinted off into the trees, even before the conch horn had sounded to start the battle. Connor looked after her fondly. "That's my girl. Right, the rest of you, here's a defensive formation we jacked from Athena cabin..." Jarrell listened with half an ear to the plan. It sounded good, but it wouldn't work. He didn't even have to use his gift for picking winners to see it. He could tell just from the fact that he was on the team. He leaned over and spoke to one of the girls from Apollo cabin. Karin, her name might have been? He couldn't remember. "We're gonna lose this. You know that, right?" "Look, Jared-" "Jarrell." "Jarrell, sorry." Karin put a hand on his shoulder. "Look, you can't be so negative. At least we do actually have a plan this time! That's better than we usually do. And I for one am not going to go down without a fight. Just let them come! I'll fill them full of arrows before they get close!" She faltered. "Um, non-lethal ones, obviously. Still! I'm feeling pretty good about my progress so far! We can totally win! And, um, I'm sure you'll get the hang of it?" Her last statement sounded more like a question to Jarrell. He chuckled. Her optimism was refreshing after the poor morale the rest of Red Team had displayed. "Thanks. Don't change the fact that we can't win this, though. For what it's worth, I'm sorry 'bout that. It's probably my fault." Bop! One of Karin's fowling arrows bounced off Jarrell's head. "Stop that, you! You will be fine and I will be fine and everything will go perfectly and we will have cookies afterwards! So stop worrying!" Jarrell laughed. "Yes, ma'am." In the end, of course, the plan was a failure. Wendy managed to seize Blue Team's flag, but was brought down within twenty paces of returning it to the Red side by a rain of arrows masterfully fired from the Ares campers. The defensive formation Connor had had so much faith in turned out to have an easily-exploited weakness, and had been deliberately left lying around the Athena cabin for this very purpose. The blue team's big guns, Clarisse la Rue and Percy Jackson, hadn't even needed to make an appearance, instead watching the battle from a distance. Jarrell had dropped his sword and surrendered pretty much immediately when the combined forces of the blue team had thrown themselves against the breach in Connor's defensive formation. Why draw out the loss? They hadn't bothered to actually take him prisoner, just sort of stand next to him pointedly. The scattered remnants of the red team looked to staging a guerilla war against the division of Blue Team taking the captured Red flag back to their base, but the battle was pretty much over. "Don't feel bad," one of the girls from Athena cabin was saying. "Athena and Ares is a tough combo to beat, and your plan was decided by us in the first place. Given that, the smart thing to do really is just to surrender." She smiled at him. "What's your name again?" Off to one side, Karin was looking pretty betrayed. She had been subdued, and was even now struggling to get out from underneath a burly Ares kid. Jarrell felt guilty. She'd tried so hard, was trying so hard even now, and had never even had a chance, just because he was on the team. And now he wasn't even lifting a finger to help. He sighed, and turned to the Athena camper. "My name's Jarrell Bradley, and imma do something real stupid." His punch knocked the girl out cold. He turned, and the motion made the blade aimed for his shoulder miss by a hair. He grabbed clumsily at his guard's hand, and somehow came away with the sword. A quick bonk on the head later, and both his guards were out. The main part of Blue Team, scattered around the clearing, had noticed. There were, well, quite a lot of them. On the other hand, Jarrell had decided to try to win, and what exactly did he have to lose? He charged. After about ten seconds, he realised with some surprise he hadn't actually been subdued yet. Luckily, the campers that had responded first to his unexpected resurgence were Ares campers, and their mad rush was blocking the more reasoned Athena campers from actually seeing what was going on, much less trying to co-ordinate efforts. So Jarrell just had to fight a whole lot of one-on-one battles. Even then, though, he was pretty sure it was weird