A/N: Well… It's been a long hiatus from writing Fanfiction. Hope this makes up for the absence. My first Scorose smut piece "Al?" Scorpius shouted as he opened the door to their shared flat. He had been friends with Albus Potter since their Hogwarts days, when they were both shy first years sorted into Slytherin. Despite Scorpius being a Quidditch Star, and Albus being an Auror-in-training, the two friends have decided to share this London flat ever since they graduated a few months ago. Scorpius had bumped into Albus' father in the morning at Diagon Alley and he had told Scorpius to remind his son of the family brunch this Sunday, as he had been missing out on the last few. Little did he know, Albus was at Hogsmeade sneaking visits with his girlfriend, Hazel Longbottom, who was a year below at Hogwarts. "Al?" He called out again. It wasn't unusual for him not to be home. Eager to get out of his work clothes, he quickly walked towards his bedroom. However, before he had the chance to turn the knob, he heard a clicking sound behind him and turned towards the intruder with his wand drawn. He must've looked hilarious. With his wide eyes and open mouth, he couldn't believe what he was seeing. Standing in front of him was the one and only Rose Weasley, a.k.a. the object of his affections for the last 3 years. What surprised him even more was that she stepped out of the shared bathroom, with her hair dripping wet. Her white cotton shirt was semi transparent, revealing her sexy black-laced bra underneath and she was wearing a matching set of black underwear, with nothing over it. "R-rose? What're you... what're you doing here?" He stammered, inwardly hitting himself for being such a bumbling fool. "The house is flooded, something about the pipes being broken, so I'm temporarily staying here. I thought Al told you." She said calmly, as though it was normal to be standing in front of her cousin's best friend in her undergarment. "Must've slipped his mind" he said sarcastically. "Anyway, he went off to meet Hazel again. Apparently they're renting out a room in Hogsmeade to celebrate their 6 month anniversary or something," she said casually, doing mini gestures with her hands. To say that Rose Weasley was unattainable was an understatement. As a part of the Potter-Weasley gang, she was well sought after by guys, but rarely paid attention to any. She was easily the most mysterious one of them all, with her cool demeanour and small circle of friends. Those friends, unfortunately, did not include him. That is not to say she doesn't know how to have fun , Scorpius thought. He remembered one drunken night in their final year when he attended the Gryffindor end of year party, looking to celebrate the end of his school career with his friends, but ended up having a shag with Rose in an abandoned classroom. He blushed remembering the incident, as it was for sure one of the best nights he'd ever had. Not only did he fancy her a lot, but the sounds she made had been in his dreams ever since. It was just too bad that the morning after the incident, when he woke up to find that Rose was nowhere to be seen. Since then, they have not spoken about it and she had not even seemed to indicate that she remembered the incident at all. "So are you just going to stand there and stare?" She asked, breaking him away from his thoughts. "Ummm, I- yeah, so I guess you can make yourself feel at home? There's food in the fridge." "Have you had dinner?" "Not yet, I usually cook." "Alright, let me whipsomething up for us then." If he didn't know better, he would've thought she placed particular emphasis on a certain verb, "whip". Afraid that he would be unable to control his desires, Scorpius retreated to his room and took a shower to freshen up. By the time he came out of his room, he was beginning to smell the delicious food Rose was making in the kitchen. He decided it was unfair to let her do all the work and went in to help out. To his surprise, Rose made no effort to hide her long legs and remained standing in the same attire he saw her before. At the sound of his footsteps, she turned her head around and smirked. "It's rude to stare" "I'm sorry" Scorpius said shyly, quickly looking away. "You don't have to be stand there, you know. Come here, Scor , help me out." She said in a low, raspy voice. He had no idea what her intentions were, but at the sound of his name, he felt his feet move automatically to stand behind her. His heart was pounding and he could feel blood gathering down to his manhood. He tried to suppress these reactions by distracting himself with the various kitchen appliances in the room. Suddenly, he felt Rose reach behind her to grab his right hand and placed it inside her black underwear. "Come on, Scorp, help me," she breathed out shakily. His eyes popped wide open. He was touching Rose Weasley in an intimate area. This had to be a dream. A very realistic one, but if it was, he did not want to wake up from it. "Go on," she baited him, as she moved his hand lower down to cup her opening, all the while, continuing to cook with her left hand. Her nonchalant attitude turned him on even more. She was wet, and soft, and warm, and his brain was malfunctioning. Though he had his experiences with women, none of them could ever compare to how he feels around this redhead. Deciding that this would probably be the only chance to please her, he began to gather the wetness and rub her back and forth until he heard her elicit a moan. The sound that had been plaguing his dreams made him feel the urge to come right there and then. He continued massaging her clit and she threw her head back to rest of his chest, and dropped the ladle she was holding. His other hand began to travel up the length of her body to find her deliciously large breasts that he remembered being the subject of boys around Hogwarts. He unclasped the bra in the front, which left her breasts exposed, and used his fingers to tweak her hardened nipple as she gave out another sigh. "More," she cried. At her command, he found her opening and slipped in a finger into her warm folds, marvelling at the tightness he felt around his finger, hoping that she would allow him to enter her with a different body part. He pumped in and out slowly and then, slipped in another finger, as Rose spread her legs open wider. This movement gave him even more access, as his fingers went deeper and deeper. "Faster, Scorp, faster," her breathing was becoming irregular. He curled his fingers and at the same time used his thumb to massage her clit. He pumped in and out continuously without mercy. "Yes, YES!" She screamed "Come for me, Rose. Let me feel you come around my fingers," Scorpius whispered in her ears, holding her tightly in front of him. As he vibrated his fingers inside her, she trembled and gave a high-pitched cry of ecstasy. She rolled her eyes back and Scorpius could feel her muscles clenching around him. After seeing her undone like that, he removed his hand from her underwear and tasted his fingers that were laced with her juices. She tasted sweet, yet salty at the same time and he wanted nothing more than to have more. Like an addict and his drugs, he turned off the stove and guided Rose towards the kitchen counter, away from the food. He dropped to his knees and pushed her underwear to the side to expose her swollen clit. He felt her hand grabbing his hair and she pushed him towards her. He laid his tongue flat onto her folds and began tasting her, all the while sucking and using his tongue to probe her. She was moaning again and as if her legs were giving away, she leaned behind her and placed on leg over his shoulder. He continued his feast and decided to add to the excitement by putting two fingers back inside of her. She clearly approved as she began to use her own hand to massage herself. "AH. Oh Merlin, OHHHH, yes, yes!" Rose cried. "Tell me, princess, what do you want me to do?" Scorpius asked in a raspy voice. "I want you to fuck me. Yes, please. I want you to fuck me," Rose pleaded. "Be patient, Rosie, I'm going to make this night last" He continued to lick and suck her, all the while using his right hand to pump in and out of her, and his left hand massaging her clit. He wanted her to remember how good this feels. He wants her coming back for him. He could do this everyday. She once again, clenched around him and she could almost see stars as she orgasmed around him for the second time. He continued to move his fingers to prolong her orgasm as she grabbed his hair, and closed her eyes. "That was... I had no idea you had that in you. Scorpius Malloy, bent on his knees, that's one thing I wouldn't have imagined." "Well, can you imagine me fucking you over the sofa then?" He asked with a tone of cockiness that he gained through his success in pleasuring her. "I prefer the bed," Rose said. He gave himself a mental high five as he realised that he was going to shag her. "As you please, ma'am," he led her through the corridor to his room. The moment they stepped into the room and shut the door, Rose was all over him. She tried to rip off his shirt and unbutton his trousers and as much as he would like to fuck her right at that moment, he wanted her to wait, just like he did for the past few months since the first time they shagged. He pushed her hand away and grabbed her hair so she was looking up at him. "How do you like it, Rose? You like it rough, don't you?" Rose hummed in response, and he pushed her down onto the bed. He ripped her underwear off of her and then her shirt and bra, leaving her completely exposed in front of him, while he stood fully clothed at the end of the bed. With a flip of his wand that he had placed on his table, Rose's limbs became bounded at the four corners of the bed, with her head half dangling over the end of the bed. Rose pulled her hands but realised the bonds were too strong to come off. She was even more turned on than she was before. As much as she liked to be in control in her every day life, when it came to sex, she wanted to be controlled. "Let me taste you, Scorp," she said, licking her lips for better effect, as she stared up at him. "My pleasure, princess," he unzipped his trousers and his erection sprung out. He stroked it a few times and held it over Rose's puckered lips. She tried to move herself towards him but found that the bounds made it difficult. Instead, she opened her mouth and waited for him to fuck her there. Barely able to control himself, he thrusts his penis into her mouth as he feels her lips close around him. The pressure was building up as she sucked in her cheeks. He pounded into her mouth, all the while careful not to choke her, and looking at her face