This story was requested by a good friend of mine who wanted me to write two alternate reality of her two favorite book series Harry Potter and Percy Jackson. She wanted both stories to deal with what would happen if both Harry and Percy, two characters extremely loyal to friends, were forced to have a harem that they would be dominant over. She also gave me some outlines she would like me to follow. Following contains slight spoilers to the story. If you don't want to know who will be included or what changes will be made, than skip the next two paragraphs. She asked me to make the PJO story be after Blood of Olympus and Percy forcibly being turned into the replacement of Eros. The girls needed to include at least Annabeth as mistress, Calypso, Piper, Artemis and hunters, Hestia, Clarisse, Rachel, Reyna and Khione. Percy must deal with his new position as well as his new instincts of being dominant. She asked that Harry Potter should start as normal and contain most of the 7 years and some beyond. She wanted Harry to be the heir of at least one of the founders and maybe someone more powerful. She wanted some OOC characters including a dick/jealous/idiot Ron Weasley, nice Pansy Parkinson, loving and regretful Dumbledore, eventual nice Snape, and a living Sirius. She also requested that I lower the ages of Tonks and Fleur to about 2 years older than Harry and bring the age of Gabrielle up to Harry's age. Given Tonks will be taken, Remus will be happily married. She wanted for Harry be at least, Ginny Weasley, Susan Bones, Daphne Greengrass, Hermione Granger, Fleur and Gabrielle Delacour, Su Li and Nymphadora Tonks. She requested that at least one of the girls to have a slave bond that, like Percy, forces Harry to be a dominant. While this does seem to be a lot for one person to request all I can say is I am totally whipped, and I owed her a favor. Cassie, these are for you. Huge Shout out to Percythemasterofall and his story Dark God of Lust for an idea of how to start the story. Also, thank you for giving me the idea for my title. Let me know at any time if you feel that I overdid or underdid the submissive/dominance of Percy and his girls. Sorry it took me so long to post the actual story. I misplaced the file. ... Chapter 1 God of What? Percy awoke feeling well rested. Something he had not felt in a long time. Gaea was dead and they were finally at peace. He looked over at the mess of blonde that lay snuggled into his side. He smiled at the cute noises his Wise Girl made while she slept. The previous night had been special as they had finally taken the next step in their relationship and gave each other their virginity. It had been a long drawn out process each sending the other over the edge multiple times all over the cabin. They had finally collapsed on the bed and promised each other that they would be together always, and Percy had no intent on ever breaking that. 'Even if the gods force me to become the next god of sex,' he thought sarcastically, 'they can't take away my Annabeth.' Annabeth groaned as Percy moved and her eyes fluttered open. She looked up into his sea green eyes and smiled at the memories of the previous night. Sitting up she wrapped her hands around his neck and pulled him into a searing kiss, her bare chest pushing against his. Percy moaned into the kiss, deepening it as he trailed a hand down and slipped it into her throbbing folds. Annabeth broke the kiss and rested her forehead on his. She gasped as he ran a thumb over her clit. "Percy, we can't. As much as I would love to, we need to get up. We've been summoned to Mount Olympus and are supposed to leave right after breakfast, remember?" she moaned as he continued his gentle ministrations. "I remember," Percy sighed as he pulled his finger out and kissed her neck. "As much as I would like to tell them to wait." Annabeth chuckled and rolled out of bed. She found her clothes from where they had been thrown and slowly, sensuously, pulled them on. Percy groaned from the bed. "You're supposed to do that in reverse," he complained as he slipped on his boxers and jeans. He reached for his shirt and pulled it on over his toned, scarred body. Annabeth giggled and threw a smoldering look over her shoulder. "Just play it backwards in your mind. It should last you until we get back," she said as she sauntered over to him, her tight yoga pants making her legs look a mile long. Percy gulped, "No it won't. It'll just cause a problem for me," he gestured to the painful tent in his pants. She ran a hand against the sizeable bulge, pulling a deep growl from his throat. She gave it a squeeze and then stepped away her hips swaying. "'Beth!" Percy groaned as she danced out of reach. Annabeth's laugh turned into a gasp as he leapt behind her and grabbed her waist, slipping his fingers down the front of her pants and back into her dripping cunt. "Percy, we really need to go," she reasoned breathily as she felt his fingers rub deliciously against her. "Apologize first," he whispered, restarting the roleplay they had started last night, living out one of Annabeth's fantasies. "I'm sorry, master. I'm sorry for teasing you," she gasped out, the command sending waves of pleasure through her. Percy slipped his hand out and spun her around. "Good girl," he whispered in her ear, sending a shiver up her spine, "now go to breakfast I'll meet you there." Giving her a smack on the bum, he walked into his bathroom. Annabeth grabbed her brush and released a ragged sigh. Brushing her hair, she walked out into the sunlight. Ever since the battle of Manhattan when she acknowledged that she loved her Seaweed Brain, she had dreamt about him taking her, using her, abusing her. Last night they had made that dream come true and she had loved every minute of it. Breakfast was eaten hurriedly and the remainder of the seven gathered at the bottom of Half Blood Hill. They had burned Leo in his shroud the night of Gaia's death and Festus had joined Peleus guarding the tree. Leo had insisted on using the physicians cure to bring back Jason, who had been struck in the chest with an empusa's spear. In so doing, he couldn't be saved after his suicide run. Annabeth looked at the others wondering how they were holding up. She and Percy had started sleeping together every night since their return from Tartarus, and fucking him the night before had relieved a lot of stress for them both, but they weren't the others. Frank was sitting nearby, a forlorn look on his face, Hazel was sitting on his lap tracing the lines on his tattoo. The war seemed to have brought them closer together, but Annabeth was worried about Piper and Jason. Ever since the death of Leo they had been drifting further and further apart. Her thoughts were broken by a presence slipping up beside her and a hand squeezing her rear. She smiled and leaned her head back against her boyfriend's chest. They stood in silence waiting for Argus to bring the van around. Each thinking about what would happen when they reached the throne room of the gods. The beeping of a horn pulled them out of their wonderings. They piled into the van and Argus took off towards the Empire State Building. When they arrived, the doorman didn't even wait for a request, and just handed them the security key for the 600th floor. Percy finally gave in to his ADHD and broke the penetrating silence on the elevator ride up. "So, what do you think is gonna happen?" he asked lightly. Jason shrugged, "Don't know, don't really care. There's something I need to get back to back at Camp Jupiter." Piper had had enough and snapped. "What! What is so important that you have to get back to!" she yelled. Jason went white and suddenly found his shoes to be incredibly interesting. Piper stumbled backwards in realization. "Another girl," she whispered, tears dripping down her cheeks. Annabeth pulled the trembling girl into a hug as she broke down into sobs. Everyone stared at Jason as he slid to the floor of the elevator looking ashamed. "After our quest to save Juno, or Hera, whatever she's called, I started to remember. But there was one thing that I felt was still missing. I never realized what it was until she approached me after the battle. One look at her face, and I remembered," he explained, his own tears making tracks down his face. "Piper, I never meant to hurt you, I just didn't know how to tell you." "SHUT-UP!" she screamed "I don't want to talk to you ever again." The elevator door opened and Piper pulled Annabeth through, trying to put as much distance between herself and the man who had just broke her heart. "Perseus Jackson," boomed Zeus as the demigods stepped into the throne room, "Finally we may begin." Percy looked confused. He had come with his friends. Why had he been singled out. He started to speak and ask why he was called when he was drowned out as the king of the gods continued to speak. "The six of you, plus Leo Valdez, fought bravely to end the giant threat and send Gaia back into a deep slumber. This has left us in your debt. For a couple of you, this is not the first debt we owe you," Zeus started, his eyes boring holes into Percy. "For this we thank you and desire to reward you for your many efforts. We start with Leo Valdez. For his noble sacrifice, Hades has agreed to streamline the process and grant his soul immediate entry into the Isle of the Blest." Percy smiled. He knew Leo would be happy, and what he received was no less than what he deserved. He squeezed Annabeth's hand as Ares called Frank over. The war gods form shimmered and the features of Mars were seen. Frank knelt at his father's feet, waiting for him to speak. "Rise son," the Roman god of war said in a surprisingly gentle voice, "For your actions against Gaia and the skill you showed in commanding the dead armies at the House of Hades you are to be given godhood. The god of generals and armies." Frank started sputtering, he looked at the god before shooting a look of longing towards Hazel. She gave him a watery smile and a nod before breaking down into tears. Mars got off his throne and shrank down to human size. Leaning over he whispered into his son's ear causing Frank to grin. "I accept your gracious offer." Mars nodded and grasped Frank's shoulder, a golden aura surrounding them. When the light had faded, Frank stood seemingly unchanged, until he vanished from sight and appeared next to Hazel. Tilting her chin up gently, Frank leaned down and kissed her. Breaking the kiss, Frank spoke, "Hazel, I have been informed that your gift is to join me. If you so desire, you are to become my immortal wife." Hazel looked at him wide eyed, searching for any form of deception. Finding none she squealed and jumped into his arms. Grabbing his face, she kissed him again. A pure white aura surrounded the two and matching golden rings materialized on their hands. Mars pounded his spear on the ground. "It is done," he declared, "Please talk to Miss Chase, when she has time, to