Dip, exhale; surface, inhale. Lather, rinse, repeat. Even mad girls need to come up for air sometime. Even if you don't come up breathing, you'll still come up with air in your lungs. The image of corpses breaking surface, inflated, around her makes her stifle a scream. When hands move to block the sound, they ache and resist jerky motions. They mirror the pounding throbs of her head, slick hot liquid dripping down her right cheek. No, that's not right. Is it? Head jerks to the right, eyes still sealed though lids protest, twitching against her will. Neck cracks and quirks. She barely suppresses a hiss of misery. She is weaving, bobbing between the underwater currents, and the cold slap of air. Only, all of the water is gone. She is swimming through shadows. Breaking the surface means a reality of pain. Staying under means contending with her demons. The in-between, Annie's pretty little paradise gets muddied up much too easily. She can hear a shrieking in the distance, as she emerges from the clawing, lifeless hands inside of her mind. They are screaming, but it is not words, when they open their fangs to show gaping black holes. The swish-slice of flesh meeting metal resounds, instead, amplified in the semi-(hah!) quiet of her mind. Them? she muses before shadows scatter thought. Is it me or them? She starts to stray back into their grasp. It should scare her, she knows, but there is something to the nest that her mind can be. Sometimes retreating feels like security. Accepting it is easy. Maybe she does not deserve anything except silence. Isolation. The pain brings her back. Hands flex, the bones reply in turn, sharp stabbing rippling up her nerves. A whimper. Then, not-so far-off sounds. "Is anyone in there?" I know you, she thinks, before shaking her head. No, no, I know the memory, not the present. I'm just confused. She does know that voice, though. Even silhouettes of nightmares past permit recognition. It is normally deep, and warm. Right now, terror rides it. A piggyback from hell, round and round her head. She cannot bring the face to the surface. But she knows that she knows. (What she knows, she cannot quite say.) A bubble lights in her diaphragm, but it hurts on the way up. What starts like a tickling laugh comes out as a silly bark. Arp, arp, arp! She pictures a girl with flippers for hands. She is a seal. Isn't that funny? Seals can't be Victors. Arp, arp, arp! The laughter persists. Arp, arp, arp! She is uncertain if it is from her, after a time. Arp, arp, arp! It is beginning to hurt in her sides and chest, so she assumes she must still be laughing. Her own hands are gripping, griping, against the pain sparking and spurring them to fits of spasming. She brings hands to her ears. Palms rub and rub the ringing orifices, to try and get the aching out. Maybe the shadows will go, too, she muses. It is no use. Tough luck, and really, it is a shame. The shadows are circling. Whales to krill, are really sharks to blood. Just like your mama, they snicker. She can feel their hot breath in her ear. And it reminds her, reminds her- She pushes it away. Their voices are less terrifying than some memories. Their words, though, can be downright bone-chilling. We're coming for you, too. Leer and sneer and mock. She ignores them, or tries. She is too tired to fight them. They feed off of the disorientation, block and hide and gnaw the images. They only let through the terrible thoughts. Happy memories, though more bright, face the gauntlet of acid-worn defenses that turn inward, turn to offense. Turn on her, until she is attacking herself. On good days, they only come out at night, the shadows. But they are smart. They worm their way into the daytime, too. They get that from me. It does not really bother her, though it likely should. The vibrance peers at her, beckons her to make her way over yonder. As if through a cloud of smoke, a long, narrow, dangerous path keeps the happiness at a distance. The stairwell, just the first stair alone is daunting. She is only sometimes brave enough to make her way there. Am I, now? The pain is becoming more real, more acute. She is not going to the happy memories, no. She is going towards reality. It hurts. Reality is not usually so happy. No better or worse than the images in Annie's head, she tends to think, but tricky. In reality, happiness remains far offshore. She wants to be there, though, because she can feel more. She is not just soaked in fear. Smell more than blood and the chemicals of the dam's freshwater. Sometimes it is a toss-up, between remaining here, in the shadows of her mind, or out there, where… the bad things have are will, happened happening happen. She gives a start at a feeling of landing inside of herself. A sick feeling dulls in her stomach. It keeps out, however momentarily, the feelings ofslice, dice, bruise, batter. Opened nicks to her skin balk in the cold air, and the exposure clenches teeth together until she thinks the molars are beginning to crack. It is easier not to fight. Easier, just to go with the tides, the ebbs and flows of joy and fear and panic and calm. No one ever promised that being a Victor would make a girl happy. Breath is labored. Sea-green eyes sting against the onslaught of tears- No, she thinks with a start. They are not tears. It is the dried salt lingering about, crusting her eyelids. Is it real? she (thinks that she) asks it aloud. Who she is supposed to be asking, exactly, eludes her. "Annie?" the voice is a shriek now, and lashes flutter and peel apart. A shaky hand travels up, to block the boiling sunlight heating, and stabbing through onto her face. Hot breath against her ear. It's real, it's real, it's- She wants to cry out, does a bit, actually. She hears through ringing ears muffled yelps and yowls and the soft, soft lull of the water lapping the sand. The water should not sound so close. She could swear it is within her grasp, and when eyes peer down, she sees it is lapping the shattered, wounded planks of wood which have her trapped. She cannot find the strength against the pain to move, but rolls her head, as best she can, to the left. She would give a start, if not for exhaustion. Bronze hair is bleeding dark red, tanned skin paling. The worst, though, is that there is a wooden plank pinning him to the wall behind him. No blood, none that she can see, but it is secure against his chest, and she cannot keep her eyes there long enough, to see if the chest is rising and falling. She is whimpering before she can stop. Impaled. He's impaled. He's dead. (Dead people aren't very good friends. Are we, Annie?) A scream finds its way and before Annie can stop herself, she is struggling against aching, dizzy bones to clamor out of the haphazard lean-to. "Is she in there?!" sounds again. "I heard something!" "Here, check here!" ("Get out of here! Hide! They're coming!" but the bushes don't stop the blood, just like pretty necks don't stop katanas.) Annie thinks, for a moment, she may actually have lost her mind, because the man next to her looks dead and yet there is no one else in here to be making sounds. Eyes glancing, warily over, before quickly diverting. Shake head, tap ears one tap, two tap, three tap. He looks familiar, too. (Hey, here's a riddle: How does a dead man speak? In breathless tones.) Laughter attacks, until tears fill her eyes. Hands are trying to find somewhere that will not shift and move and break and hurt her clawing fingers. groan, moan, "Annie!", shift, twist, "Hold on, we're coming!", creak, thump, "Can you see her?" With a burst of sunshine, patches of blue invade. Hands fly to eyes and breath quickens. Heart pounds because don't look, can't look. The light hurts too much. There must be lots of people, she can hear muffled conversations and distant calls of names and numbers. Things that do not make sense. "Annie!" it's a mixture of relief and fear. A tug to wrist feeds warmth to cold, shuddering limbs. Everything hurts. When they tug her up, half-carry her out over the unsteady rubble, she winces and whimpers before tears are popping out intermittently, against her better judgement. I wasn't supposed to let them see me cry. "Ou se okay, kid," the reassuring whisper comes against a background song filled with gasps and shouts. She is pulled into a tight embrace, and it would feel like choking, except her body feels numb to the restriction. Choking doesn't matter, though. Isn't that funny? Strong arms, warm. Eyes stay locked on the ground, but she can see the skin of the arms are not so different from her own. It is disorienting, when she realizes the ground beneath their feet is moving. Sticky, dark brown mud pops as her feet sink then are retrieved with each step from the gooey substance. Annie is shaking. She cannot stop. Mud, turns to small tidepools, turns to sand, sand, sand beneath her bare feet. Dislodged, the drier sand sticks to wet feet, while other particles hiss and whistle, kicked into oblivion. Grass weeds tickle at her feet, but her muscles are so sore in her legs, she would much rather collapse down in them. Click, swoosh, and mumbling, mumbling. Hands are on her shoulders, nudge for her to sit down on a hard surface which sways under her weight. Knees and feet hang off of the edge. The man says something Annie does not quite hear, before repeating it a second time, then a third. "Annie," finally cuts through the haze. That does not really do the girl much good. Annie. I am Annie. Hands squeeze her shoulders, causing a retorting grimace. "It's Daran." Tongue tastes like sandpaper. Daran. "Can you hear me?" A hand waves in front of her face. Annie flinches, shutting her eyes. "I don't think she can hear me," Daran addresses someone to Annie's right-hand side. "She's in shock." "Clearly." that someone retorts. Cool, indifferent. "She'll get over it." Clinical. Eyes flicker, wander up to investigate the people 'handling' her. Clinical. The woman who spoke wears a nurse's jumpsuit. She wraps something around Annie's elbow, before beginning to press along the bones of her forearm. The muscles are sore, achingly bitter in their reaction to the sensory touch. Clinical. "Bo?" it's the first name that comes to her mind. Voice is croaking, mind beginning to churn out images. She is saying more names before she knows it. Aslin and Fabi and Manny and Graci and Evanse- Mags- And the body next to her had been- "Finnick," her mouth says it before her brain can stop her. "Dead." "No," the man- Daran. Daran!- says. His hands remain on her shoulders. Shoulders are rattling and she wonders if he feels like he is starting a broken-down boat. It nearly makes her smile. "They took him straight to the hospital. Finnick was with you, Annie, we just got him out." "Yes," the mute nod and flatness of her own voice sounds distant. Far off, and fading as it goes. She wonders who is speaking with her voice. "He had a beam in his chest." Her own nod backs her up. "He's got a pulse," Daran insists, firmly. "I promise you, Annie. He's not dead, that beam got him pinned but it didn't go through him." This takes time to process. Her eyes slowly brave meeting Daran's. There is a pity there, behind his