Blackness. The scent of smoke and the shrill of metal. A hand grips my shoulder before the too-sharp nails dig through the scratchy, thin fabric of my shirt. I grit my teeth against the pain, before the tug of the silken blindfold across my eyes lends to a whole new level of discomfort. Blinding white invades the darkness previously blocking my sight. So long has the deprivation of it been that now light burns at my lids. I am forced to blink rapidly, the hand still tugging my shoulder ahead as I stumble blindly. The grip loosens, only to deposit me with a gruff thrust into something soft, velvety and plump. A chair. I manage to peer through reddened lids long enough to acclimate myself with this closest location. I've been seated in a chair. I shut my eyes, only to start at an abrupt grunt to my left. Grey beads peer through slits, to locate the source of the sound, I can see enough to make out the seemingly unconscious figure, slumped off to the left. The blonde hair obscures the face, which is mostly turned away from me. Blinking about my surroundings further, I realize the furnishings of these chairs, and the walls, are neat, clean, and entirely opulent. Above us, hands a bright, crystal chandelier, while a heavily curtained window off to my right has what appears to be satin sheers and sashes. There must be another material, beneath these, though, for the sun is blotted out entirely; securely. I inhale deeply, make out an older dirty-blonde, man, slumped haphazardly opposite me. His hair is stringy, and greasy, and his face is worn with lines. He belches loudly, before slamming a bottle, which he had been holding, down on the ground. Between us lies an ornately carved wooden coffee table. It is littered with strange items resting in crystal trays. What with the multitude of shapes and sizes, all of them varying shades of either red, or pink, I can only guess that are edible. My conclusion is confirmed when the dirty old man retrieves one of the items. It is a small, deep red object, and drips with an even darker red; a sauce, of some kind. Juicy, the crimson liquid slathering it now runs down his fingers. He lifts it, stuffing his mouth and closing his eyes, as if savoring the best snack in the known world. My stomach mumbles, aching at the reminder of its emptiness. I wrap my arms around my center, thankful when the mumbling quiets. The man across from me does not seem to notice. He retrieves his displaced bottle, the largest I have ever seen, cussing each time his loaded gullet spits up refuse. His shirt is soiled and even at this distance, he reeks. The liquid is a dark red, and the stains of it upon his clothing certainly do his appearance few favors. The groggy feeling in my body, which I fully attribute to the still-ringing soreness at the base of my skull, has yet to wear off. Probably has something to do with being knocked to the ground, but I don't have time to focus on that. I need to find out where I am. More importantly, I need to know where my little sister, Prim is. As long as she's safe, I remind myself. As long as Prim is safe, that is all that matters to me. They can do whatever they want, so long as they leave her alone. Whatever they want, knots my stomach. I don't know what that might be. The drunkard across from me hardly seems intelligible enough to bear responsibility in full for this mess. He still is the one who receives my glare. He does not seem to see it. If he does, he is indifferent. Eventually, my pins-and-needle-filled limbs recover enough for me to reach out, and snap the bottle away from him. To my surprise, the glass casing feels warm. When the liquid sloshes about against sides, I feel that it is nearly as warm as bathwater. I don't have much time to contemplate that, though. "Hey!" the man roars. He slams a fist on the small table between him and me. "Give me the drink." "What'm I doing here?" "Give me the drink! 'less y'want me rip your damn throat!" He reaches for me, but I am quicker. I dodge his sloppy attempt, well enough that he slips out of his chair, stumbling forward, before pitching back. He collapses back into his seat, glaring before coughing heavily. "Man can't have a drink without you brats shitting all over it-" "Where am I?" "Lemme wake up first, won't you?" "I asked what'm I doing here, and where-" "And I asked for my goddamn drink," he sneers. "Guess life's full of lemons, ain't it, sweetheart?" My scowl deepens. I twist the cap securely, before raising the bottle by the neck, making to smash it against the arm of the chair. "Sweetheart," his grey eyes narrow, and he watches intently. "I really wouldn't do that if i were you." "Well, you're not." "What a damn pity." "Do I have your attention?" I snap, raising the bottle a inch higher. The man twitches, his glare meeting my own scowl. "Good." The man makes a lazy gesture, to prompt me along. I quirk a brow, but he merely glares. Guess we're doing this the hard way, then. "Where am I?" "The Pleasure Palace," he sneers, referring to the local bar. The Pleasure Palace is a seedy, run-down place above the Hob, our city's black market. It is also where all the local women of ill-repute tend to meet up with their dates. I scowl. "Where d'you think, sweetheart?" he is giving me a curious grin, now, one that gets under my skin. "You're in the Prep Building." "Prep?" I repeat, eyes narrowing at him. I carefully wiggle the bottle in my hand and he grunts. "Elaborate on that, won't you?" "We're in the Capitol." a new voice enters the fray, and I falter, because I know that voice. Oh, no. My head jerks in the direction where the blonde male had lain unconscious, only moments ago. My breath feels heavy in my chest, and I freeze. Not him. His blue eyes meet my own, and a sad smile flits across his lips. "The Games, Katniss," he says quietly. The boy glances to the older man, before looking back at me. "Remember? The invitation?" "Invitation?" I repeat. It is fuzzy, the memories, but I remember the invitation. It was gilded text on pure, snow-white paper. And it had my sister's name on it. The older man takes advantage of my distraction, wrenching the bottle from my hands. He shakes it a bit, before uncorking it. "Well," the boy starts, frowning at me. "You must have gotten an invite-" "Oh, no," the man snorts, throwing back another gulp before giving me that odd smile again. "Sweetheart here volunteered." "I didn't volunteer for anything!" My voice cracks without intention, and I feel the heat in my cheeks. I don't like this. I don't like that i don't know what is happening. I don't like that my sister was invited to be in this room, with these people. And I certainly don't like that I haven't seen her since I ran screaming after he. I don't like that I got knocked to the black tar ground before I could see if Gale got her out from the arms of strange men who had come to 'collect' her last night. If it was last night, that is. I quickly rise from my seat, glaring between the two of them. I head for the door, only to find the knob locked when I go to open it. I try, and try it, before finally banging on the door. It isn't any use. the door is locked from the outside. "Katniss," the boy rises, coming up behind me. "Oh-ho, where you think you're going, sweetheart?" the old man chuckles. "I'm going home," I snap. The man begins laughing, snorting and wheezing all in the same breath. I head for the window, but a hand on my arm stops me. "What?" I spit at the blue-eyed boy. "Don't," he says, with a surprising gentleness. "I need to see my sister!" "You can't, sweetheart." When I turn to the drunk, there is the slightest flicker of emotion in his eyes. "Why?" I demand. The boy shifts behind me, and the old man fiddles with the cap on his bottle. "The Game," the man raises his bottle in our direction. "Time to play, kiddies." I look to the boy. It is easier if I don't think of him as a person, really. Because for all I know, he was part of the kidnapping, part of those men who tried to drag my sister out of our house, while my mother stood there and cried, while everyone just stood by, dumbfounded and let it happen- "The Hunger Games, Katniss," the boy clarifies. "It's a game for people like us." "Like us," I echo, turning my gaze to him. "What does that mean?" "You know what that means." I've heard whispers, sure, of what happens in the Capitol. Of the 'games' children qualify for, qualify to play in. But the actual facts are fuzzy. The qualifying tests- aptitude, physical, blood; the bizarre new rules which were placed in order decades ago. The laws have even been enacted back at home, in our city in District Twelve. It doesn't mean anything to me- we've been fighting just to stay alive, thanks to my mother's instability, and my father's mysterious disappearance four years ago. I kept hoping he would return. I was wrong. I didn't have time to learn about any of that. It is strange, of course, no one can argue otherwise, but putting bread on the table distracts from conversations about the far-off, and yet omnipresent Capitol. Perhaps that is the point: distract the Districts so that the Capitol can live it up, their rampant debauchery and amusement at all of the rest of us. A whistle draws my attention, and I look to the older man. "Tell me what I have to do." "To do?" the man releases a humorless chuckle. He downs another drink, eyeing me. He swallows, before raising a brow. "Do for what?" "Tell me what I have to do, to get home." He snorts, but sombers when he realizes the severity of my expression. "Here's what you do, sweetheart: don't die." Cool, winter air still clings wistfully into the damp spring morning. The cold and damp linger above bedsheets, wicked little friends that gnaw and nip at my nose. When I given in and wake, I find myself alone on the couch. The realization gives me a start. I sit up, coarse wool shifting away from my shoulders. The sun is just pressing the faintest of shadows against the curtains. The only windows in our flat stare me down, now. I turn from the light, stirring from my nest. It does not take much to see across the dimly lit space; one room, with one couch, one bed, one table, all in one. We are lucky to have a stove, though it takes fiddling even on a good day to light a flame in it. A dry-sink is placed, haphazardly next to my mother's small, twin bed. My sister has left my side sometime in the night. She has curled up against my mother, their alike blonde hair intermingling on the pillow. The mashed-up, beat-up street cat Prim calls Buttercup is nowhere to be found, and part of me hopes, with a smirk, that the damn cat doesn't make a return. Prim would be heartbroken, of course, but as for me, the girl who tried to drown it once upon a time, it would be a relief to have one less mouth to feed. Dewy and soft as the