Based upon Prompt 22 of the Everlark Fanfic Exchange. Anonymous suggested, 'Canon Divergent fic where the Quarter Quell never happens and Katniss and Peeta have to continue living their lives in front of the Capitol.' (rating mature in anticipation of things to come xoxo) The silence of the barren home resounds around me. My hands, having nothing better to do, swirl the last dregs of tea leaves about in the long-chilled mug. The musty shack lets the dust thickly frost abandoned washbins and counters. The table where Prim once laid out my Reaping Day breakfast has warped, from an unattended leak in the ceiling. I should take better care of this place, I know. If anything were to happen to me, my mother and sister will need to move back here. A shudder runs through me, at the thought. It was proven to be more of a possibility than anyone had let us know, during our Victory Speech in District Two several months ago. The memory of shots ringing out, of Peeta slumping to the cobblestone floor haunt my already troubled dreams. The sob choked out of my chest, my panic and tears doing nothing to allay his injury. Faintest, shallow breaths escaping his lips before Peacekeepers dragged me away from him. Peeta still has the scars on his chest and arms, bitter reminders as achingly hard for me to see as his offset leg. The fear of loss, of all my work to keep him safe, him, the kindest boy I know being in vain. The memory of Snow's approving nod, during our feast at his mansion, comes full-forced now, kicks at me to drown in my punishment until all I can do is stop myself from crying out. Watching the water stains, as if they might sprout to life any moment, and offer a solution, I try to remind myself of the girl I was when I lived here. Secure, in the stability, in the monotony of my life, in the assurance that we were only better off than near-corpses. How strange it is, to long for that. To long for the threat of starvation, rather than a life filled with unattainable expectations and a mansion filled with cameras. A mansion where I am expected to move in with a boy I don't love, cannot love. But also cannot lose. They're renovating the one just next door to our current one, Capitol votes deciding the colors of each room and the design of each cabinet and sofa. I am to start a family with him, live out the rest of our lives together, smiling annually for our devoted fans. And then, when the children are old enough, made to atone for my crimes against the President. He never said it in so many words, but I know, and so does Peeta. Why else make us have children, other than to punish their parents? That's what the Games are about, after all. It seems a lifetime ago, that I snuck out of here to get in some hunting. A lifetime since my world turned upside down. The Reaping, the pin, the interview, the confession, the kisses, the berries, the Tour, the nights on the train, the shooting, the proposal, the meeting with Snow, the mentoring… the list becomes overwhelming. Who was I? Who was the Girl on Fire? I don't think I can be her anymore. I don't even know how. Would the old me leave all of these others behind, like I'd suggested that morning so long ago? It was always a daydream, a distant thought. I don't think I'd ever actually have gone through with it. I never would have thought I would use Peeta to get home. Yet here we are. Our group would be too large. Gale refuses to leave, now. Or he did the last time we got the chance to talk in private. He says we— no, I have a duty to the people who are suffering. I can't do it without his help. I can't make it in the woods without him. I can't leave Peeta, not now, and Peeta… Peeta will never leave everyone behind to suffer. He and Gale have that much in common. The hand of the Capitol presses down here, harder than before. They made have remade my cheek, but I can still practically feel the sting of the whip against my face. We had been miserable, but invisibly so. We've reminded the Capitol of our District, Peeta and I. Now come the consequences. Despite the warmth of the summer day, some part of me feels cold, frozen to the spot. I'm meant to be home, in an hour, to be plucked and pruned until the white straightjacket swallows me whole. It isn't a real straightjacket, of course. It's my wedding dress. The one I'd modeled just after the end of this year's Games. The one anyone in my District would find absolutely revolting. Maybe Madge or another prominent Merchant girl might have dreamed of some elaborate toasting, but mostly, weddings in my district are a quiet affair. This dress, though, is a monstrosity. Cinna partly designed it, and so it isn't as awful as I tend to think. But it's ridiculously extravagant. It probably costs about a lifetime's worth of game. I would prefer if we could've put the money towards our tributes this year. The ones Peeta and I had been forced to handpick for the Quell. The ones who were targeted and hacked to death by a Career from District Two. Bile makes me gulp heavily, wishing I had something stronger to add to my drink. A yowl startles me, and I push back the chair in my rush to stand. Buttercup has made his own way in, still as unhappy with our new home as I am. I have fewer fresh game to offer him, even today. But he hasn't hissed in a few weeks at me. It's something. Peeta's temporarily move into our spare bedroom has thrown our morning routines off, too, though Peeta seems to be in the cat's good graces. Peeta says he isn't needed at home. I know he's worried about me, trying to sneak off to the woods again, considering my injury this past winter. It's a dangerous pursuit. I can't say I blame him for his concern. There's a power generator in the Seam now, to electrify the fence constantly. They arrested ten families to get the space for it, a whipping for each adult, televised. Peeta and I were forced by Thread to make a speech in front of the Justice Building, to condemn the supposed 'disloyalty' of our own people. I felt sick through it, the words ash on my tongue. Peeta's grip on my hand had been so tight, I thought we both would crack. The families were subsequently evicted. My mother and Prim tended their wounds. Only a handful of people in the Seam will even look at me now, if and when I pass through. Added trenches and reinforced concrete have been added to the fencing, to boot. There's still a small section, further north, that has a bit of a soft spot. I haven't risked it more than twice in the past month. Each time, Peeta has been furious with me. I'm sure I'll hear about it, which is part of why I hesitate to head straight back to Victor's Village. He has probably figured it out by now, in my absence. He would've awoken to an empty bed, his warmth coaxing me from the nightmares that still haunt me each evening. Add to the images from our Games, Peeta's lifeless body on the cobblestone of District Two, riddled with bullets, the brutal killings of our tributes in the Quell, and now the bloodied backs of our own citizens following their 'light' punishments… I wonder if the blood will ever leave my hands. The woods, once my only escape, can only offer me sanctuary through a gauntlet. Vick Hawthorne's been ill. He needs some of the herbs we can't get inside the barricade. Once upon a time, the Hob might have had something, and I could trade for it. But no black markets have dared set up shop. Gale would never have asked me to go in his place, would've done it himself if he'd been able, only Vick's fever had worsened late in the night. Hazelle wasn't meant to sneak her son to my mother so long past curfew. It was a good thing she had, though. Vick had a seizure on our kitchen table. With Gale having moved out of her house, unable to make the slightest move without being questioned by Thread, Hazelle had to risk it. The surveillance has followed Gale out of the Hawthorne's shack, left his family in relative peace. It also left them with a distanced breadwinner. Limited protection. Even Gale's Sunday morning respites became impossible shortly after the Quarter Quell. They have doubled the demand each worker must fulfill. When he comes out from the pit, he looks like a walking corpse. Can barely string coherent sentences together. The anger still fills his eyes, and his words when he cares to speak to me. My hands shake. I try to still them. Buttercup abruptly attacks my leg, trying to bite at my knee. Hissing as his nails hook through the fabric of my trousers, I struggle to grasp the cat by the scruff. He dodges me and I give up, feigning a kick before watching him run out the door. Finally moving from my space in the home, I bolt the door behind me. I toss the used leaves into the bush outside the front steps, tucking the mug into my game bag, before heading home. I try to avoid thoughts of how familiar this morning feels, equal parts avoiding all the ways in which it is changed from barely a year ago. The physical, charred remains of the Hob weigh on my mind, though it has been razed, turned into a Peacekeeper check-point. Gale nearly died, twice over, now. The guilt lodges in my throat, making it impossible for me to even look at him. The burning disappointment from him doesn't help, either. I pause as I make my way towards Victor's Village, watching miners emerge from their shifts. I squint, trying to pick Gale out from the crowd, but give up after a time. He's made it clear how he feels, what he expects from me. He doesn't understand how much has changed. My sore legs pad on. I have an eery suspicion, as I approach the Village, and purposely slow my steps. Will the President be in our house? Will he have gone through that trouble again? Forcing myself to face the possibility, I muddle on through the rain-sodden path. I slide my feet out of my hunting boots, hanging my jacket and game bag on the coat-hangs. I find my mother working on our lunch of lamb stew, already smelling delicious and making my stomach rumble. Peeta, I find, is playing chess with Haymitch, only perhaps two or three moves in to their game. I try to make as little noise as possible, but a creak in the floorboards gives me away. Blue eyes meet mine, before quickly returning to the chessboard. "Hey." Spotted, I edge into the room, skirting along the wall and settling next to the fire. "Hey." Peeta motions to the coffee table. "There's some cheesebuns, fresh from the ovens." "Thank you," I reply, breaking off a piece of one. Steam drifts up and the scent brings a smile to my lips. The rich morsel against my tongue makes me close my eyes, relishing in the taste of the delicacy. Peeta heads to the bakery each morning, bringing a batch back often before mid-morning. He knows they are my favorite. I don't know how I could ever get used to the luxury. Or used to his kindness.