Author's Note (full note at the bottom): - This will be a Bella/Edward Fic, please be patient with me! - There is some lesbian content, if that isn't for you then please don't read on. - I love Scotland, and I apologise now for any factual inconsistencies, everything I've written is from my own knowledge, I really am an undergraduate University in Scotland. The gaelic is from my family who are native gaelic speakers, I however only have a few words here and there. - Obviously I own nothing, apart from several thousand pounds worth of student debt. I fecking hate flying. Lex had always laughed at me for it. But as my Seanmhair always used to say, if God above had intended for us to fly we would be born with wings on our back, just like the birds. The last time I checked I still hadn't grown wings. I was a Scottish lass, the closest I got to feeling at home in the sky was walking the Cuillin Ridge, and to be honest I hadn't felt very comfortable doing that. It was Lex's idea, the crazy things that made you feel sick to your stomach always started off as suggestions from Lex. "Mammie, are we nearly there yet?" I took a deep breath before I responded to my beautiful wee bairn, who was testing my patience already. "No Mhàiri, we only took off from Glasgow an hour or so ago." I gently smoothed her dark red curls away from her pale, freckled forehead. My lassie was as Scottish as they came, both in looks and in temper. She sighed deeply and kicked her feet up in the air. Pinching the bridge of my nose I braced myself, the poor wee girl was tired and bored which meant her temper was at the end of its rope. "Come here leannan , why don't you cuddle into me and I'll tell you a story." I silently thanked God for listening as Mhàiri crawled into my lap, taking my suggestion as a good idea the first time of asking – something that never happened. Once she was comfortable I also offered up a quick word of thanks to Angela, my saint of a boss, who had booked us these seats in business class allowing plenty of room for my five-year-old daughter to cuddle in beside her Mammie. "How much longer are we on the plane for Mammie?" the question came in a small voice, and was accompanied by a lengthy yawn. It wouldn't be long before she was asleep, hopefully I'd be able to join her. I was exhausted having been restless the night before, worrying over this trip. "About six hours, when we arrive in New York it will be about tea time there. What story would you like to hear? I could tell you the one about the Laird and Lassie that Seanmhair told you when we went to visit last?" I offered this half heartedly as I was sure I knew which story Mhàiri would ask for, it was always the same. I mentally chastised myself for forgetting to pack her storybooks in my carry-on luggage, I was emotionally drained as it was, and telling this story was not going to help with my weariness. Sure enough after a moment of thought my daughter answered, "tell me about Mamaidh, tell me about how you met." "Okay baby, but before I start do you need to go to the bathroom?" she shook her head, as expected. Just as I opened my mouth to start the tale, a friendly airhostess walked past and offered us a blanket, which I took gratefully. With great effort due to the awkward angle I unfolded the blanket and tucked it around us both before reclining and settling myself for what I hoped would be a lengthy sleep. Ready to resume the story I looked down to find Mhàiri fast asleep, nestled into my side. Although I was grateful to have avoided telling the story out loud, Mhàiri had got me thinking. I closed my eyes and thought back to that fateful evening, nearly ten years ago, that changed my whole life. I was 18, a first year student at Edinburgh University and dirt broke. I was the first person in my family to go to University and they were all so proud of me, my mammie and daddy had driven me down to Edinburgh and dropped me off six weeks prior and I had relished the freedom. Life in the big city had treated me well, initially, I had met a few other students who lived in the same building as I did and had spent several long evenings drinking cold pints of Tennents in snug little pubs all over the city. The days had been whiled away, partly in classes which I had thrown myself into, enjoying the challenge that my degree in business was offering me; but mostly my days were spent exploring Edinburgh. Six weeks later I knew the city like a local, and loved every inch of it. However, six weeks later I had also realised that I was in desperate need of extra funds. After paying my rent for the year, buying all my textbooks and school supplies and then eating and drinking for six weeks, my savings were severely depleted. I had consulted the large corkboard in the lobby of my building and seen a small A4 poster reading "Local pub, The Sgian Dubh, bartender wanted, no experience necessary, flexible hours, pay meets NMW". After getting lost twice I was now standing outside The Sgian Dubh, clutching my hastily put together CV in my hands. The door was heavy as I pushed it in, but that was to be expected, most of the traditional pubs in this part of Edinburgh were still situated in old buildings which had been built to last, complete with solid doors and furnishings made to withstand the Scottish weather (and the Scottish folk once they had a dram in them!). The bar was empty, although it was only 9:30 in the morning, perhaps a wee bit early on a Tuesday even for a Scot. As I looked around I noticed a lassie in the corner of the bar polishing glasses and looking dead at me, with one eyebrow raised. "You lost lass?" She smirked at me before putting the glass down and walking round from behind the bar. I opened my mouth and gaped at her, but didn't respond. This girl was stunning. She was a wee bit taller than me but not by much, my eyes were drawn to her fiery red hair which tumbled down in messy curls around her pale heart shaped face. Her tiny waist was accentuated by the bar apron she had tied around it over worn jeans and a black t-shirt. I continued to stare at this beautiful woman, trying to find my words and ignore the butterflies in the pit of my stomach. "Are. You. Lost? Do you ken me lassie?" she repeated, slower for my benefit. "Sorry, no, I meant to be here. I'm applying for your job. See?" I thrust my CV at her. She didn't take it. Shit, she's probably not even the manager. She only looks a few years older than me. Trust me to lose my wits in the face of a bonnie lass. "My name is Bella." "Bella? You're not from around here, I can tell, you sound like a highlander, but what kind of name is Bella?" I sighed, "It's short for Ishbel, but my mam's name is Ishbel, so's my Seanmhair's, so they call me Bella, to stop confusion." "I ken. That makes more sense, Ishbel's a right name for a wee highland bairn such as yourself. Plus I've never met an English girl with a Seanmhair!" "I'm no a bairn." I huffed at her then folded my arms across my chest, God where the hell did this girl get off? Quizzing me because my name didn't sound Scottish enough for her, then calling me a bairn. If I was only a bairn would I be here asking for a job pouring drams behind her bar? I tried to sulk, something I'm sure would have been more convincing if I could tear myself away from her eyes which were bright blue and somehow just so much sexier every time she laughed at me. "Naw, but you throw a strop just like one." I gaped at her, she only winked at me in return. "When can you start?" Rather than responding I just stared at her some more. After a solid two minutes of staring I managed to find my voice. "Today?" "Are you telling me or asking me? We get some proper folk in this pub Bella, you need to be able to keep yer heid or they'll take you for a fool." I nodded, "I can start tonight. My availability is on the covering letter attached to the CV I gave you." "That's better! Right, here's the deal my wee young Bella. Tonight is your trial shift, I'll pay you tonight based on performance. So if you're pish I'll give you a pity pint and see you on your way. But, if I think you're up to the job you'll spend three evenings this week training with me and we'll sort out a permanent schedule once that's done. How's that for you?" "That sounds great, thank you…" Shit, what was her name? Had she even told me? Was I too busy staring at her bonnie face to listen. What a great first impression. "My name is Leagsaidh," she paused so I interjected. "Great, thanks Leagsaidh, what time did you want me back tonight?" "I knew you were Highland lass, no sassenach pronounces Leagsaidh right the first time round." She grinned at me, and the butterflies in my stomach started again. "Here in the bar they call me Lex. To cut a long story short, when I first moved to Edinburgh and started working here, no one could quite ken my name. So they shortened it to something that even English folk can pronounce, and it just stuck. And as for coming back, if you're not busy today you can help me with glasses and stock if you like, you'll get lunch out of it?" "Sure Leagsaidh or Lex or whatever. I don't have anything else to do." And that was how I met Lex. I fell into her pub a wee bit lost and a fair bit shy and she stole me up in the storm that billowed around her. She never stopped teasing me from that moment onwards. After my training was done I continued to work behind the bar with Lex, and after a few weeks it became clear to everyone that we worked well together. For some reason we had the perfect measure of each other which made working behind the bar together flawless. I could rely on her to throw bottles into the right hand, to pour the right measures for me, and to move around me without interrupting my work or stressing me out. We were the perfect team and I loved it. I think she knew from the first time that I met her that I was head over heels. I followed her around like an abandoned puppy, opting to do most of my university work in the office whilst she did stocks and paperwork. How I passed all my exams, and how she kept that bar in stock, is beyond me. Half the time we'd give up on work and sit there chatting rubbish for hours. God I fancied her. She let me suffer though, never gave me an inkling that I was in for a chance. Not until a few months later, Hogmanay that same year. "Bella, it's nearly midnight!" I heard her, but was concentrating on pouring the right whisky in the right glass for the regulars in