Here's the first chapter. I hope you like it and please read and review thanks love Moon x Harry walked into the forest and he knew it was his time to die. He was prepared to die by now if it meant he saved others. He had already lost too many people close to him. Fred, Tonks, Sirius, Remus and his parents to name but a few. As he stood there he waited for Voldermort to turn around. He did and before Harry could even think he was surrounded by a blinding white light. Struggling to understand what was going on he realised he was in Heaven. Sirius had been right he didn't even feel a thing. "So this is Heaven huh!" he mused aloud jumping as there was a thunderous laugh from behind him. He turned around and saw a man standing behind him looking half way between amused and highly pissed off. "Sir excuse me but who are you and where am I? I hope I didn't disturb you?" he asked the man nervously. "Harry James Potter my name is Nigel R Grimm or as my other name or title goes your personal guardian angel. This is Heaven indeed but the reason why it's empty is because it was never your time to die. Quite frankly I am an organised and controlled man being quite meticulous with how I work and I hate disorder. Dumbledore himself has caused me so much disorder with how much he manipulated and controlled you and your life that it's not even funny any more. Fate is quite pissed off with me as through his manipulating he affected various aspects of your life. I need to ask do you know anything about soul mates or soul bonds?" at this Harry looked shocked. "I never new fate was a person! Oh wow! As for what you said about Dumbledore I'm quite confused. I know people have soul mates and as far as I know a soul bond means you marry the person involved am I right?" he asked nervously. "Oh yes her name is Evangeline Von Fete. As for Dumbledore we'll get to that in a moment as I'm not surprised you're confused. Now as for the soul bond they are rare indeed and as Evangeline has informed me you should have had one but never did because of Dumbledore's meddling. Speaking of which you were fated to have soul bond with someone special you know. Dumbledore's manipulations saw to it that you never got with her. I can now tell you that this girl is Hermione Jean Granger." "What? Hermione, oh wow she's so hot! um ok lets focus a moment. But I am highly confused as I feel nothing for her. Why is that? I mean I do believe you I just fail to understand why I feel nothing for her now. In fact the fact that you mentioned her at all is turning my stomach even though I don't want it to" said Harry frowning deeply. "You can blame Molly Catherine Weasley for that one which I'll get into just now. You'll soon see what happened. Now moving on for a moment as I said beforehand you were never meant to die so I am left with a choice which you must make. I can either return you right now to your own time and you can defeat and be free of Voldermort once and for all or I can send you back to the past with all of your memories up to now plus three special gifts of your own choice. Note these gifts can be anything bar me killing anyone. The choice is do you want to stay in your own timeline or go back to the past?" "I have a few questions first. I need to know what natural abilities I have if any at all. I also need to know what you meant when you said earlier on that Dumbledore manipulated me and my life? I lastly need to know if you can affect certain choices that someone will make in the future if I ask you to." "First off I need to address your last question because I need to understand what you are referring to" he said seriously. "In my past Neville Longbottom had a toad he was forever loosing and he had his fathers wand which made him very nervous and without confidence. Should I choose to return to the past I was wondering if you could see to it that he gets an owl and his own wand. I only ask because I care deeply for him and I feel that his lack of his own proper wand made him have absolutely no confidence performing every aspect of magic quite poorly!" stated Harry seriously. "I had thought you might ask me something much more serious then that but it can easily be done at the drop of a hat should you decide to go back. I will now tell you that you have the ability of natural healing and the control of the element of water. As I mentioned beforehand Dumbledore meddled in your life and prevented you from having these talents amongst other things which pissed Evangeline off royally. He paid the Weasley family using your own money that he stole from the main Potter vaults to make them befriend you and keep you limited in your freedom and your thoughts. The only Weasley's who did not know about the money and actually supported you were Arthur, Fred, George, Bill and Charlie. I am sorry to say Molly, Ronald, and Percy all wanted your money more then anything else all accept for Ginerva who was also promised to you in a marriage contract created by Molly and Albus. She just wanted you to be able to tell everyone else they could never have you as money was not really a concern to her controlling you was. Albus never asked your legal guardians the Dursley's if he could do this and proceeded to anyway in essence making the whole contract null and void and highly illegal." "There is no reason why Molly Weasley should have had your Vault key as you could have asked someone in Gringotts to keep it safe for you. Albus gave it to her so she could continue to take money from you without your knowledge. It is no coincidence she helped you on to the platform as Dumbledore instructed her to do so in order that you make best friends with her son Ronald. Ronald was instructed to befriend you making you hate everything about Slytherin based from what you learned of the so called evil house from what he told you about it. As we're on the subject of houses Dumbledore made the hat choose to put Hermione and yourself in Gryffindor and Luna in Ravenclaw. None of you should have been in Gryffindor. Contrary to what you believe while Gryffindor really suited you all of you were in fact supposed to go to Ravenclaw house for how smart you are. I know you had to hold back your smartness for Dudley's sake at home but Ronald made you enrol in the more lax shall we say courses with him so you would never achieve much educationally in the magical world either." "As you'll remember he hated anything about studying and reading and would often choose to play wizards chess his one sole outstanding achievement in life in order to evade learning. He is rather the chess master after all. Furthermore he didn't always pass courses but because he was poisoning you and Hermione in the way he wanted him to Dumbledore often made sure to mark it in the books that he passed every exam. It was a reward for all he'd done plus of course the money he was already getting from your vaults curtsey of Mr Banker Dumbledore. In order to properly explain myself I will need you to accompany me as we view various memories together so you can see what he was really like and understand what I really mean!" Harry was most shocked but agreed to watch the various memories and make up his mind on the matter later on. Albus you can't seriously be considering leaving him here I've watched this family and they are the worst sort of muggles I've ever seen. Their son kicked his mother up and down the streets all day long looking for sweets and never stopped having tantrums and hitting her throughout the day without reprimand I might add. Harry will not be safe here among these animals who like to call themselves proper muggles. Surely there must be somewhere, anywhere that he can go? Minerva I am not surprised to see you here. Alas I fear that as he is now a celebrity in our world for being the only child to have ever survived the killing curse the boy who lived he is most safe here. He would never be safe amongst our people and so it's best if he is away from the dangers of this new celebrity status. I want him to remain normal without all of this fame going to his head and corrupting him or making him become evil. He will be safest here and I have already cast charms on the house preventing anyone from finding him here. He won't receive fan mail either as I've seen to it with a charm that the letters will never reach him. It is just for his safety and the greater good alone that I do this. Let's leave him here with a letter. There we are. Hagrid don't look so sad after all it's not really goodbye is it. We'll see him in ten years. Albus I really don't feel he is safe here. What kind of man leaves a baby on the doorstep in the middle of November? Please reconsider Albus! And what of his scar? Aren't you going to remove it? Enough Minerva! His basket has a heat charm on it and he'll be staying here and that's my final decision! As for his scar I'll be leaving it there as it'll be useful to him one day. I have one in the shape of the London underground on my leg from years ago and it's served me well. Let's go now! OBLIVITATE! He had called out removing the whole incident from her mind. This did explain why she always seemed to know nothing. "You see Harry how Hagrid and Minerva didn't want to leave you there but as usual Dumbledore pushed it too far and they had no apparent choice but to leave you there. You must understand at this point they would have felt they had no choice but to obey him. As well as that he altered their minds removing their memories of that night. He would want them to assume that you had been with a loving family like you had never actually been. It was a bit of a cover your ass thing on his part as he wanted no one to remember how negligent he'd been. Now take my arm and let's move on" said Nigel taking them to Dumbledore's office. It is as I feared Hagrid. The muggles have started to ignore the letters we've been sending them and have moved away to an island in the middle of the ocean to escape us. I'm Albus fucking Dumbledore, who actually believes they could hide from me and succeed? I will always know where young Harry is a I've been tracking him with my metal spinning puffer statue. It's just for his safety as you understand. You will have no choice but to go and get Harry and bring him to Diagon Alley to get his school things before he must leave on the train. Here is his key for his vault. Don't loose this please and here please pick up