Chapter 1 – It all changes. 3 years. That's how long Gale and I had been going out, to the day. I remember when he asked me. We'd always been friends, our fathers worked in the mines together and even though Gale was a two years older than me we became best friends. Gale was a bit of a heartthrob, he had girls of all ages gushing over him, yet he'd never gone further than kissing with most of them. He had a short fling with our mutual friend Johanna, but that ended as quickly as it had started. I'd assumed the affection he directed towards me was purely innocent; people often mistook us for brother and sister due to our similar tan skin, grey eyes and dark hair. I'd assumed he saw me as nothing but another addition to his huge family. But that day, 3 years ago something changed. We were in the woods hunting, our usual past time (much to the disdain of my mother who wanted me to be more girly and feminine like my younger sister Prim). We were tracking a doe that had wandered from the herd; we knew its pelt would be valuable if we sold it to the right collector, not to mention the great deal of meat that would aid Gale's family to no end. As we followed the deer slowly, making great effort to take small, quiet steps like our fathers had taught us we heard the snapping of twigs in the distance. We froze, as did the doe. Gale and I shared a silent look. If we allowed it to calm down we could still catch it. As soon as the deer no longer sensed a threat it went back to grazing, Gale gave me a nod. I readied my bow, holding it the way my father had taught me so long ago. I inhaled, pulled back the string. As I exhaled I prepared to release the arrow, but then another twig cracked behind the doe. Before I had a chance to put down my bow a loud bang erupted from the trees behind the deer. I felt a sharp pain seer the side of my arm, in shock I released the arrow sending it careering into a near tree. I feel back against the damp forest floor, dazed, confused and in pain. The doe had darted immediately as the loud sound broke the air, and as my ears stopped ringing I could faintly hear the sound of a person running back through the forest. Gale was at my side immediately. "Katniss! Oh god, Katniss are you okay?!" Gale knelt beside me, clearly flustered and concerned. He didn't know where to put his hands, so settled on peeling my bow from my stiff fingers. "I'm okay…" I said, barely above a whisper. I was shocked, everything had happened so quickly. I decided to sit up, carefully as to not lean on my injured arm. Gale hovered over me, grabbing my wounded arm in his firm grip to help me up. I was finally upright, with my legs comically straight in front of me from where I had been knocked over. My head was still spinning from the fall and the loud bang, but I was okay. Gale looked questionably at my face, his own masked with concern. I gave him a weak smile, but his brow was still furrowed and his jaw undeniably tense. He grabbed my arm again to look at my wound. It was a small, red scrape that stretched across the width of my arm, the surrounding fabric had also been ripped away leaving a gaping hole in my sleeve. It was obvious to me then that this was a bullet wound, which was later confirmed when Gale found the bent metal slug in a nearby tree on our way back home. Overall I was fine, it was nothing more than a shallow scrape, my old shirt however, (bought from a second hand store years ago that even with years of growth still drowned my figure), was beyond repair. There was no way to patch up the massive hole in the sleeve. "Well I think this shirt has finally kicked the bucket, took it long enough." I said jokingly. Gale had always teased me about it, calling it my comfort blanket. I thought he'd find some amusement in its destruction but he still had that tense look upon his face. I understood his concern but I was fine, it was nothing but a scratch. I attempted to quell his concerns: "Gale, look I'm okay. There's no need to look so tense I'm fi-" I was cut off my Gale's lips upon mine. I froze, unsure of what to do. At 15, and being more aggressive and less put together than other girls my age I had never kissed anybody, no one had ever shown an interest in the girl who knew how to wield a bow and arrow and didn't know the first thing about make up. I knew Gale had done this before, he'd kissed numerous girls at dances and on dates, often telling me the horror stories of girls who thought suction to rival a hoover equated to a great kiss. I'd never done this before, and now here I was, being kissed by my best friend. As his lips moved against mine I realised I liked the feel of his soft, but firm lips caressing mine. Tentatively I began to move mine against his, his reaction was fantastic. I heard a soft growl emanate from his throat that sent a jolt through my whole body, he moved his hand up to my head, grabbing a lump of my hair and pulling my towards him, making his lips press against mine even harder. I had no idea where to put my hands, so I settled for gripping the forest floor, out of pleasure and dread. It felt good, but Gale was my best friend. What did this mean? I tried hard to match his pace and fervour but it was obvious I was inexperienced, but Gale didn't seem to mind. He gripped my hair harder, kissing me more passionately, tracing his tongue against my bottom lip, asking for permission. I slowly opened my lips and immediately felt his tongue on mine, caressing and stroking it. It was like nothing I'd ever felt before. I decided to move one of my hands to grasp on to the front of his shirt. This was getting too intense. Gale seemed to sense my trepidation and slowed his kisses, leaving one last, gentle kiss on my lips before he pulled away. As he did I removed my hand from his shirt, while his face lit up in a slow smile I'd never seen before. "You have no idea how long I've wanted to do that." He said, tucking a stray hair from my braid behind my ear. He stared intensely at my face, hoping to make eye contact, but I felt too nervous. I didn't know how to deal with everything that has happened in such a short amount of time. Nearly getting shot, getting my first kiss, but being kissed by my best friend who I though saw me as no more than his little sister; that was the most confusing. He could sense that I was trying hard to not look at him. He sighed, and grabbed the end of my braid, flicking in between his fingers. "I know this seems mighty confusing to you right now Catnip…", he started, his use of my nickname made me look up. His gaze was still averted to my braid so I took the chance to look at him. His cheeks were slightly blushed and his lips were slightly glossy from our kisses. I stared at them, marvelling at how two small pieces of flesh could have felt so good against my own. He seemed to notice that I was staring as his lips formed into that cocky half smile of his that infuriated me. I averted my eyes, feeling my cheeks flush from embarrassment. "…but I've always liked you. I could've hung round with guys my age but I never did, because there was something special about you. I always thought I was so protective and caring towards you because I saw you as my little sister, but lately I realised there was more to it than that." He sighed, and released my braid. He crossed his legs and ruffled his hair, which I knew meant that he was nervous. "I never could go out with any of those girls I've fooled around with. I liked Johanna yeah, but now I realise that I was just looking for you in her. You're both strong and independent and don't take my sass, but she's not you. No-one could ever be". He sighed again, this time taking my hands in his. I looked up to his face, his gaze just as intense. "I never really wanted to admit to it, because like I said, you're like my sister. But I want more than that Katniss. The idea of just losing you then, if that god damn bullet had gone just a few inches to the left…" He clenched my hands hard, his jaw twitching in anger. "…I can't lose you Katniss. I love you, I guess I always have." He loosened his grip and looked to my face, his eyes bore into my own. I was utterly speechless. But a small part of me knew I cared for him too, so I said it. "Me too." And so, there we were, celebrating our third anniversary in a quaint little restaurant called "Sae's" in the good part of town. The owner 'Greasy Sae', (a nickname due to her past as a legendary fry cook), had reserved us a table especially. The café Sae worked in for years, before she saved enough money to open her dream restaurant, was like a second home to me and Gale growing up, even more so when our fathers were both killed in a freak car accident just days after my 12th birthday. Sae, with her rough talk but gentle exterior meant she was a great comfort after my dad died. I still had my godfather, Haymitch, my dad's friend from college, but with his incessant drinking and harsh manner he was hopeless when it came to my 'trivial problems'. My mother just delved further into her nursing work on my father's death, and even now it was rare for me to see her for more than an hour at a time. Sae became a sort of stand in parent. After our father's deaths me and Gale would spend hours in the café she worked, reluctant to go home and face the tortured faces of our families. Sae had always chatted to us, thrown us a smile through the kitchen window, and often gave us more fries than the set portion, but as the news of our fathers' deaths spread across town Sae took on a new role. In her breaks she asked us about our day, badgered us about our school work, but most importantly talked to us about our problems. When I hit puberty and various embarrassing changes started happening to me my mother attempted to help, but years of medical training meant that her advice was often unintentionally patronising and clinical. Sae on the other hand was a bit more helpful: "Now girl, you're gonna freak out, and that's normal. You're gonna start sprouting boobs and a butt and every month you're gonna pray to God, asking why the hell he made you have a womb, but it's gonna be alright. You're gonna get self-conscious, hair is gonna grow in some weird places and guys are gonna start looking at you differently, but you're still you. No matter how big your melons get, you're still good ol' Katniss Everdeen, puberty will change you