Authors Note: This was my little mental break away from Tempted Fate. I hope you enjoy it. It's my first attempt in writing in 3 rd person. (I was inspired to give it a try due to the talents of BlackImprint, SheeWolf 85, TwilightCakes, and vnsjvhgs) Because this is my 1 st story ever (FanFiction and non) in 3 rd person… I would really appreciate any feedback. I plan on committing on making this a full story. (You can thank EZeeBaby for that… and her magical ways of subliminal persuasion over the internet and text messages… lol) The postings may be slow since I'm working on Tempted Fate and its sequel. But I will try my best to split my brain in two so I can write two different stories concurrently. (It's not fair that I beg SheeWolf85 to post new chapters of Blood Moon when she's working on Give me a sign… lol) Please note that Nessie's parents are 'out of character' for this story. (No hate mail because of Edward please… lol) Nessie's father in this story is more than a pain in the ass. Can you tell that I'm Team Jacob… lol. And because I am so blind and don't beta my stories… if you see a typo let a sister know in a PM… lol. I'll get to most of them after I've read it a few times. Chapter One: It was a quiet night in La push. Not much excitement. Jake and his pack were hungry which wasn't anything new… but since they saw a commercial on TV with Italian food that's all they talked about for five minutes until someone just decided to call a restaurant in Forks and order. Leah, Brady, Colin, and Jared were on patrol tonight. A few others were going to take over their shift in the morning. It was a tedious job… But Jake and his pack were used to patrolling the area to make sure the cold ones didn't come near their tribe and nearby town. Colin and Brady were so skilled that they could take out a Leach with one eye closed. So no one was really worried that the youngest members were only joined by two others. But not all leaches were killers. They only knew of one clan that lived in Alaska that didn't hunt humans. They feed off of the blood of animals and their eyes are gold instead of red like the vampires that drink human blood. Jake's ancestors made a pact with them ages ago to not fight each other as long as they stayed that way. Ironically they have even helped them kill a few vampires when a group of them were having a killing spree in the late 60's. They are the only vampires that are allowed to cross their borders without getting ripped to shreds. It sickens Jake to think that Embry had sex with one. Her name was Tanya. Embry was curious and she seemed to want him as well. She had a history of sleeping with human men in the past. So it intrigued her to bed a shifter. Embry described it as slipping your dick in a cold sexy melon that had the ability to squeeze your dick. Unfortunately the whole pack got to sense what he meant when he thought of her. But Embry doesn't discriminate when it comes to pussy… So about anyone is fair game. Since they were hungry they ate large bowls of cereal to hold them over until the food was ready. Jake knew he would have to go to the store the next day… wasn't much stuff left in the fridge. Mostly because everyone hung out at his house more. Sam, Paul, and Jared were married… so their wives didn't really like to have their house filled with a bunch of loud hungry guys all of the time. But on some nights, Sam's wife Emily would cook for all of them and they would play video games and hang out until they got the look that it was time to leave. That look mostly came from Sam. When Emily's period was on… It came from her. Jake loved his pack. They were like family to him and he didn't really mind that they all hung out at his house a lot. I mean… they did look up to him because he was Alpha. At first he really didn't want the responsibility when he first phased at sixteen… but after a few months it grew on him and he knew it was his rightful place. That was eight years ago. And in those eight years he has killed around twenty vampires and had a few broken bones in the process... but he heals fast. Also within the last eight years a few pack members have had a few kids. Jake's now and uncle since his sisters Rachel and Rebecca both had two kids. Sam had three sons, and Jared has two girls and one boy who he named after himself. Everyone just prays that Embry doesn't get anyone knocked up as much as he fucks around. Jake loves kids and would like to have a few of his own someday… but he doesn't want to settle down with a woman just in case he imprints on someone else. He knows how hurtful that could be from seeing what Leah went through. He doesn't want to cause that much pain for a girl… so he keeps it casual. But in the last six months he's gone cold turkey. No sex… No dates. Something in him just called it quits. He wanted more and he figured it was time for him to just be patient. After everyone was done killing the last of his Captain Crunch and Apple Jax, they all piled up in Jake's Black Suburban and headed to Forks to get their food. Jake kinda wished that Embry didn't use so much milk since he's lactose intolerant. The windows stayed down in the truck for just that purpose. "Damn man… really?" Paul scoffed. "My bad… I said excuse me," Embry said. Seth started coughing. "Fuck Jake… can you drive faster so more air gets in here?" Paul asked frantically as if it were a life and death situation. Jake chuckled. "Well I guess I should buy some lactaid milk when I go to the market tomorrow. I mean Em… you know it does this to you. Why torture… Um us ." "Look… I wanted some frickn' Apple Jax… ok." "Yo… just say no," Quil said scrunching his face up. They all started to laugh and Jake turned up the radio and drove a bit faster to save his pack from passing out from the stench. While in Forks Nessie's family were being seated at the biggest table the restaurant had. They needed all of the space to accommodate all of her family. It was her eighteenth birthday and her family and closest friends joined her to celebrate. She didn't want a big party, plus she didn't feel that well because her period was on. She loved the food there… but really couldn't wait for desert. She knew that her dad probably paid the restaurant for a birthday cake… but her eyes were set on the menu for the chocolate caramel cheese cake. The restaurant was packed and a bit noisy but she didn't mind. Nessie was glad that her family was there. Well not so much with her Aunt Rosalie. She always gave her a bad vibe since she married her Uncle Emmett. But Nessie was glad that her best friends were with her as she celebrated becoming a woman; though she didn't feel that different. Her parents didn't change her curfew. She still had to be home at midnight… so she felt like she was still seventeen. Her father was stricker than all of her girlfriend's parents and that bugged the hell out of her. But she knew she would have some sort of freedom when she went to school in September... though it was only in Seattle just a few miles away. But she felt like he wouldn't be breathing down her back. But he probably would find a way to do it regardless. She loves her father… but he has put her mother through hell and back and she doesn't understand why she stays with him. Plus he has a bad temper... so Nessie finds herself walking on egg shells around him to not get him started. She can easily cry and when he yells at her it makes her cry… even when she doesn't want to. He yells at her if she gets a B. One day she was sick when she took a test. After she took it she threw up and went home. Because she had a hard time concentrating, she got a C on that test. When her father found out about the grade he was so angry that she swore that he was going to hit her. Her mother stood up for her… But that only caused a big fight between the two. Nessie finds refuge when she stays with her best friend Jasmine and her older sister Polly. It gives her a break of all of her family drama. But she gets along with her aunts and uncles as if they were her best friends. She just wishes that her father would ease up. She fears that he's never going to change. But she has college to look forward to and living under another roof. Freedom is only a few months away she thought to herself counting down the days. Just a few yards away… Jake pulls up into the parking lot checking out a black Jaguar. Man that's sweet he thought. He always had a love for sport cars and SUV's. He enjoyed his job as a mechanic… it was a nice break from the pressure of being Alpha of a pack. He could reassemble a transmission blindfolded if he wanted to. But his mission was to own his own shop one day. Jake had some money saved up… but it wasn't enough. It helped that his house was paid for and all he had to worry about was utilities and food. The pack joked that some of the towns taxes should go to them since in a sense they protect it better than the cops can. He didn't let the pressures of finance get to him. He was content and didn't require much. Jeans and T-shirt kinda guy that owned two ties. One he got for the job interview for the shop that he works in and the other was for a funeral of one of his co-workers grandfather. All of the guys climbed out of the truck and also took notice at the Jaguar Jake was eyeing. A bright yellow Porsche was parked just a few cars down. "Damn… somebody's ridding in style," Embry said beaming at the shiny cars. "Whoo wee. I wouldn't mind taking that baby for a spin," Paul said. "Yeah… that shit is sweet," Seth said. "Yeah… they are nice," Jake agreed looking at the license plate. "Damn I can't wait to eat their lasagna. I swear they make the best," Embry said rubbing his stomach walking to the restaurants door. "Damn… more dairy . I should have made you order something else," Sam said. "Whatever man." "Whatever… you almost choked me to death," Seth complained. "Ahh… you over exaggerate Clearwater." "And you over stink Call ." Embry playfully smacked Seth in the head and Seth leaped at him to put him in a head lock. "Yo… cut it out. We have to act civilized in there," Sam said. "Ok... ok," Embry said laughing. "I'm so hungry," Paul muttered to himself "I can't wait to eat their chicken parmesan," Quil said smiling. He has been thinking of that dish since they got in the car. "Well you don't have to wait long… but at least