Chapter One Author's Note: Even though this is an afterthought because I wanted to see Jake's POV to the original story New Horizon a Jacob and Renesmee Love Story. I think it can stand on its own. You don't have to read Nessie's POV… but it would be nice;) Some people have read both POV's back to back… chapter to chapter to get the full story. But I would be thrilled if you just hung in there for one. (Though you would not see Fred (from Bree Tanner's story) and Nessie's relationship in Jake's POV.) This was my 1 ½ FF and I wrote it over a year ago. I believe that my lemons have gotten better over the year since I've been writing my FF Tempted Fate. (Baw chica wow wow) But I'm still a bit proud of my 1 st FF. I hope you enjoy it:) As you know I own nothing… bla bla bla…lol I was awake now. I kept my eyes closed trying to enjoy the last few seconds of clarity; when everything in the world is perfectly fine until you start thinking about the complications of the day. The possibilities of chasing vampires, the stubbornness of your father not taking all of his required medicine when he's supposed to, the employees that will mess up an order for a special client at the body shop, the ache in my heart because the woman I love sees me only as an older brother. Ah… That second is over. I rolled over and reached for my remote to turn on my flat screen TV. My father's house looked like a house from Extreme Makeover. That's because Edward and Bella paid to rebuild it and refurnished it as a gift to Billy a few years ago. The entire second floor was designed just for me. I have an awesome master bedroom with a bathroom, a full bathroom down the hall with a large shower and a sunken tub, a guest bedroom, and an office. They gave my father everything from a chair lift to his bed and tub, to designing the kitchen around him so he could easily cook. They also bought him a motorized wheel chair, but he didn't except that. He's very independent and wanted to be capable of moving himself. The Cullen's still have it somewhere in their house just in case he changes his mind. I really appreciate all that they have done for us. Edward even bought me a body shop in Forks. He sometimes comes to help out when it's closed to fix the cars in his vampire speed. I grew pretty close to him over the past years. Well I guess soon after Nessie was born. It's hard to believe that I wanted him dead at one point. Our relationship is weird. I mean we're good friends and all… but he's like a brother and father figure all rolled up in one. He knows that I want to marry his daughter someday. And he's much wiser than I am since he's almost a century in age. I look older than him since he was turned at seventeen. I only look older because I'm 6' 7" and very muscular. I stopped aging when I was sixteen when I first phased into a werewolf. My kind doesn't age as long as they phase. Since I was waiting for Nessie to grow up and want my life span to be as long as hers, I phase frequently. I could be two hundred and still look the same way if I continue to phase. I will have to move away with the Cullen's shortly… in like ten years, because people would get suspicious because they are not aging as well as myself. Even if I don't marry Nessie, I plan to be around her as long as she's alive. I just pray that we will be married someday. She doesn't know about the imprinting. She has no clue how deeply in love with her I am. Edward and Bella have gotten use to the idea of me being their future son-in-law. They give me updates to tell me if they see her showing any signs of a crush on me. I'm just happy to hear that she loves me as family. She was home schooled all of her life since the Cullen's had to shield her from the public eye. Since she's half vampire and half human… her first few years she grew like a bean stalk. When she was three months old she looked like she was four. She got her period when she was 3 ½. She looked like she was twelve around that time. Her parents promised the Volturi that they would keep her out of the public eye until her growth slowed down. She's stopped growing in the last few years. She's at her full physical maturity now. I stretched my arms and hopped out of the bed. I had my morning woody as always and went to the bathroom to pee. I took a quick shower and thought of dead puppies to help my erection go down. It works like a charm now. There has been so many incidents that I got hard around her and had to quickly hide it before she noticed. I brushed and flossed my teeth and ran some product through my fingers and styled my hair. I got all of my hair cut off a few weeks ago. I'm trying to get use to it being short again. I walked back in to the bed room and changed the channel to videos. Beyonce's new video was on. She wears more clothing now after having her three kids back to back. Jay-Z kept her uterus busy. But the weight looks good on her. Mariah Carey on the other hand looks a hot mess. I use to think that she was too cute for Nick Cannon, but now it's the other way around. I put on a pair of underwear and kaki shorts... deodorant and body spray. I looked at my digital calendar. It was August 26th 2014. All of the days and years seemed blurred to me because I'm just waiting for one specific day. The day that Renesmee loves me as a mate and not her best friend. I looked at the picture of us at Disney Land this summer on my dresser. We both had on the silly looking hat with mouse ears. She looked as cute as a mouse with her dimples. She was smiling ear to ear sitting on my lap. We had a blast that day; even though I couldn't get on most of the rides because I was too tall. We went to the Disney gallery so she could see the art work. She loves to draw. We tormented the actor that played Captain Jack Sparrow by perfectly imitating his voice and making jokes about him. It was interesting going to the Native American story time at the resort hotel we were staying in. My hair was still long then. Everyone was staring at me to give a look of validation after a story was told. I never felt so singled out. Nessie and I thought that was hilarious. Bella and Edward only came out during the night, so Nessie and I had more time to spend alone with each other. We spent much of the mornings at the water park and stuffing our faces. And at night we went to the House of Blues to see one of her favorite blues artist Jonny Lang. We also went to a club. Her fake id says she's eighteen so she was able to get in. We both don't drink alcohol so we had no need to go to the bar. I showed off a bit on the dance floor break dancing. Little did they know I had supernatural strength and reflexes. Nessie kept a picture of me spinning on my head as her desk top for weeks. I really would love to go on vacation with Nessie totally alone one day. We've never went anywhere special just the two of us. She might find it creepy since she thinks of me as her brother from another mother. I'm trying to find somewhere we could go where she wouldn't freak out. Maybe take her to Las Vegas so we can see a show and get conjoining rooms? I'll think of something. I've been on vacation with Nessie and her family numerous of times a year. They always depend on me to make sure she has fun during the day… and of course protect her. I'm her devoted body guard in a sense. I would kill someone in a split second if they ever tried to hurt her; as well as her family. I have killed before to protect her; a few vampires here a few there. This town is a magnet for vampires. Well actually they are everywhere in the world. I'm just pissed that all of them aren't as nice and non- threatening as the Cullen's. They don't kill humans to feed. They only drink animal blood. They're others like them like the clan in Alaska. Her family is even close with vampires that feed on humans, but they never feed on anyone here when they visit. Nessie's grandfather Carlisle is a doctor and orders blood to keep at the house… for guest. Our pack has gotten to know them. They are pretty cool if you can get over the fact that they drink human blood. All of them know that I imprinted on Nessie. They love Nessie so much… I guess they grew to love me as well since they know how much we are a part of each other's lives. We don't have a truce… more of an understanding . It's like when racist parents have a mixed grandchild and all of a sudden their hatred for that race disappears because they can't see color anymore… And finally realize that color is just a color and nothing else. They only see the love they have for the child. Nessie loves them as family, and they adored her since she was born. My heart can't have hatred for someone that Nessie loves so much. My father even grew close to one named Zafrina. She's from South America. She has the ability to make people have illusions. She's pretty if you can bypass her red eyes. Zafrina helps Nessie strengthen her ability to block pain and illusions from other vampires with the same power. It's a new ability she gained a few years ago… along with reading minds. Nessie now has her parent's abilities along with the one she was born with; projecting her thoughts on to someone by touch. I guess her newest abilities were just dormant. She's an amazing creature. Nessie will be here soon. I told her that I would cook her French toast for brunch. I'm not really a morning person since I stay up at all hours of the night. Nessie may think I am because I can do nothing but smile when I'm around her. No matter how tired I am, it will disappear once I'm in her presence. I got dressed and headed down stairs. My father was in the living room watching the 65'TV. "Hey Billy." "Hey Jacob… You look chipper today." "Nessie's coming over soon. I'm making her French toast." "Ahhh... That's nice of you." My father's lips curled down. He must have been thinking of something. "So… you guys making any improvement?" he asked. "No Billy. Things are still the same. I don't wanna rush things. I don't want to scare her off." "Ok. I understand. But I would like to have grandkids while I'm still alive ." I rolled my eyes and sighed. So this is the pressure some women feel when they're not married with kids by a certain age. "Billy… when she's ready I will tell her," I