Tempted Fate Author's Note: Warning: This story is sexually explicit at times. Hence the "LEMONS" warning in the summary. If you are uncomfortable with sexual acts more than once a day or detailed descriptions of having sex... I suggest you don't read this story. I have only had 3 to 4 reviews of people saying that the couple in this story have sex too much . The majority of the readers that have read the story enjoy it. So I leave it up to you to make the choice of what you're comfortable with reading. (Since I posted this warning ages ago… I haven't had anyone that complained about the amount of sex in a rated "M" story that has "Lemons" in the summary. It seems like everyone that's reading this story is mature or has healthy sexual imaginations/relationships.) In addition… this is a love story. It's not just about sex… the couple is just hot for each other. And let's face it… JACOB IS HAWT! I turned on my iPod so I could listen to my country mix of Sugar Land, Rascall Flatts, and Lady Antebellum. I listen to all types of music… but mainstream country is actually good now. I really like a lot of their lyrics. But I'm a bit jealous of Taylor Swift. I mean… she may have fucked Taylor Lautner and I'm just in love with him. God… I think my blood pressure just went up. And she makes songs about all of her ex's. Sometimes I think I should write a song about my ex-boyfriend John. I never wrote a song before. I've been writing poetry since I was ten. It can't be that much of a difference? But I would like to try one day. I grabbed my brochure from my night stand and started flipping through the pages. My classes are already picked for my first semester of college. I just like to look through and read all of the available courses; mentally map out my life. I guess I can say I'm getting my life together. I was only focusing on me. Not being selfish or anything. It's just that I was so consumed by my past boyfriend John. It was a whirl-wind relationship. I thought I was in love with him… even gave him my virginity. Little did I know he was fucking another girl... someone who I thought was my friend. Jennifer wasn't even cute. Kick me in the gut with a steel-toed boot why don't you? At least he could have cheated on me with someone else. I guess the looks don't even mater. But it was just a slap in the face. I guess he didn't love me at all. It was so easy for him to say those words… and it was so easy for me to trust them. He had everyone fooled. My parent's even loved him. He was so polite in their presence and he was an honor roll student. Anyone would have fallen for him. My mother was so shocked when I told her why we broke up. Of course she supported my decision. She was so angry… I had to stop her from charging to his house. I don't have a clue to what she thought she was going to do? My mom can have a bad tempter sometimes… but she is one of the most loving people I know. But I can understand why she wanted to physically hurt him… he did leave bruises all over my arm when we broke up. He left other scars too… but I don't wanna think about them. My best friend Nicole wanted to do some major damage… but I convinced her it wasn't worth it. My little brother even wanted to fuck him up. Unfortunately, I had to find out the hard way that he was cheating on me. The memory was vivid even though it was a year ago. I came over to his house one day to pick up my history book that I left there the other day. He didn't answer his cell phone and I saw that his mustang was parked in front of his house. So I parked my car behind his and knocked on the door. When I knocked on the door... it slowly creeped open. He didn't close it all of the way. I called out his name. The second my ears adjusted to the sounds of the house, I noticed a banging noise coming from his room. My heart thudded when I heard a female moan. I was frozen at the door. I didn't know what to do. My eyes darted to the coffee table and noticed a familiar bulky set of keys. I only knew one person who had that many key chains and the brightly colored name tag nearly made my knees buckle once my brain confirmed it was her's… Jennifer. Jennifer was my friend… not my best friend but we did hang out a lot and shared a lot of the same classes. I guess we shared the same dick too. Tears started to fill my eyes as I walked towards his room. I didn't know why I had the need for more confirmation? Maybe he let one of his friends use his house to have sex… and he went somewhere else in another car. That's what I was praying for. But then my world crashed as I heard Jennifer's voice moan his name. Then I heard him groan; the same groan I heard the few times while he was having sex with me . It was confirmed. I was a stupid, naïve, overly trusting fool. I at least wanted him to know that I knew he was a lying dog! Why should I run out of there crying while he feels content? I walked over to his door and opened it. He was still banging away in the missionary position not noticing my presence. "Excuse me… I'm here to get my history book. Would you mind to stopping fucking Jennifer so you could get it for me," I said calmly. I knew I should have said something more clever and epic… but I was on the verge of breaking down in a need a whole box of tissues kind of cry. I will never forget his face when he turned around to look at me. Jennifer looked shocked as hell. I wanted to kick her ass… but it wasn't her fault. I mean the bitch did fuck my boyfriend… but I guess he wasn't mine if she could fuck him. No one put a gun to his head to fuck someone else. My anger fleeted my body as I realized that it wasn't really worth my time. "Oh well... I just get it later. It looks like you're into something... fuckin' slut!" Then I walked out of the house. A few seconds later he was following me with a towel wrapped around his body. "Wait Nessie… please," he called out. I kept on walking. Nothing he could say would satisfy my heart. It needed to be rid of all signs of him. "I'm so sorry Renesmee." "Fuck you." He caught up to me as I reached the side of my car. He grabbed my arm tightly and I shoved him away. I used all the strength that I had, but he only was pushed back an inch, if that. "Don't you ever touch me again!" His grip hurt me and my arm was throbbing. God I wanted to kick him in the balls. But I was more concerned about getting out of there. I fumbled for my keys to open my door. My hands were shaking and the tears were making it harder for me to see. I knew we had an audience by now. I could see the figures standing still in my blurred peripheral vision. Like an idiot I dropped my keys. I'm just as clumsy as my mother. I went to bend down and pick them up. John grabbed me by the waist once I had them in my grasp and pressed me to him. I put my arms up defensively crossing them with my eyes closed. I wished that I had magical powers to teleport back home so I could be in front of the fridge… picking out which ice cream I would use to dull this pain. He wiped my tears away. I didn't want him touching me at all. "John!" Jenifer called from his door. I opened my eyes. The bitch was fully dressed. "Please let me go home," I muttered. My voice was weak. I couldn't even scream or sound like a bad ass… giving a memorable exit. "I'm sorry," he said with his voice cracking. "I know you are." I hope that he understood my statement. It wasn't an acception of an apology. "Renesmee… don't go. I can explain." "Explain what! Really what the fuck can you explain? Were you raped ? It didn't look like it." I heard Jennifer huff and she went back inside his house. "Nessie… I love you. That was nothing to me. I'm sorry I slept with her." "Seriously? Wow… you amaze me John. You love me." I huffed. "You don't love me because you wouldn't hurt someone you loved. Can you please let me go!" He didn't budge. I stomped his foot and he grabbed my arms and shook me. "Listen... I'm trying to..." he growled. "Hey man let her go!" A neighbor called out. He quickly let me free and I used my key to open my door. I slammed it shut; too hard. I could have damaged my car. I put my middle finger up at him and fumbled trying to put the keys in the ignition. I couldn't see well so I wiped my tears away. John moved out of the way as I backed up to give me room to clear his car. I swiped the back corner of it as I pulled out. To this day I don't know if I did it on purpose or if my vision was that distorted. But I smiled as I drove off with him gaping at his classic blue mustang with his mouth opened. He tried to get me to pay for the car saying it was a hit and run . So I had to get my dad involved. I didn't want to, but I had no choice. When my family saw my bruised arm John quickly apologized and acted like a pussy. He dropped the idea of trying to charge me because he knew that his ass was in trouble, especially with my father being a lawyer. But that didn't stop him from being a jerk the next time I saw him. I was stupid for going there… but I did. I tend not to think of that day that much. My dad and Uncle Emmett wanted to kill him for bruising my arms. Not literally… well maybe. My little brother Matt found out about it a few months later by overhearing our father talking about it to our mother. He showed up at my high school with his friends from Martial Arts class waiting to fight him. They got kicked off the premises before John ever came out. They looked like a short mini gang with angry faces… which made them stick out like a sore thumb. It was so obvious that they didn't go to Forks High. My little brother is a trooper… he didn't even care if he would have gotten in trouble. But I told him that it was a stupid thing for him to do. He told me that no matter the consequences… he was going to be my protector and kick anyone's ass who even thought of hurting me. He's so adorable… but he has to realize because he is trained that he can't just go kicking someone's ass. He'll wind up in Juvie if it's not self-defense.