A/N: Hello, dear readers! *waves hand excitedly* I am so happy to have the opportunity to share this new little story with you. I want you to know that while Broken is on hiatus, I still enjoy reading over and over every review and PM you have sent me. They give me a reason to fight hard to get well. I'm still working with my doctors trying to find the correct balance in medication that will allow me to write again and have hope that will be the case soon. I miss you guys and our love birds so much. Now, how come I wrote this story? you may ask. Well it was not easy (got deleted six times and the computer ended up on the floor once) but this was a donation for the Fandom4Christy fundraiser. While I am not lucky enough to be close friends with Christy, I think she is an amazing woman, with tons of courage and there was no way I could not help. So I put on my big girl panties and tried my best to write something worth of every dollar donated. I hope I succeeded and that you enjoy it. As always, I look forward to any comments and suggestions you may have. Many thanks to Cintia for being an amazing beta and cheerleader, but most importantly a great friend. Also, a million thanks to Rob for giving me a reason to smile every day and for continuously inspiring me. None of my stories would exist without him. Any mistakes are mine and twilight belongs to SM. Let's do this! The traveling drops of rain on the window distracted Edward from the pain of knowing his mother hated him. He paid attention to how the little drops moved from the top of the window to the bottom. Sometimes the drops would met other drops along the way, and they would join, creating small aquatic stains on the window. Other times, the little drops fell all the way to the bottom of his window, meeting other drops that had already pooled there. He couldn't help but sigh when he realized no matter which road the drops traveled, they always found a place to stay, someone that loved them, someone to stay with. He had been alone most of his life since his mother had no time for him. She was a socialite with too many charity events to assist and no time to raise her son. She'd party all night and then be too tired to spend time with him during the day. He had plenty of servants, but his mother didn't approve of him interacting with them. He had learned the hard way when he had befriended a Mexican housekeeper named Maria, who loved to tell him stories about her country and all the things she was planning to do when she returned to her family. That was how he found out that not everyone lived a life of luxury and, how hard it was for some people to make ends meet. Maria always brought him candy and spent time after her shift teaching him some of the Mexican games and even some bad words, something his stuck up language tutor would never do. He taught her English in return, also including a long catalog of curse words. He had a lot of fun with her. She was kind and always smelled good, like lavender and spice. Most importantly, she cared about him. Unfortunately, it all came down to a halt when his mother returned early from one of her beloved parties and found her sleeping on the couch next of his bed. Maria had notified Sam, the butler and chief of staff, that Edward had a fever and a stomach ache but when he contacted Edward's mom, she informed him that she was visiting with the Mayor and his wife, so Edward would have to wait. Sam felt bad for Edward, but he was too afraid to overstep the social rules and get in trouble with his boss by getting involved with her son, and he constantly advised Maria to do the same, but she really liked Edward and felt bad that he was so starved for love and attention. She could only wish her own kids in México would be well cared for by her family. She hated the idea that her own children might feel abandoned but she had no choice but to leave them behind in order to give them a better future. In Edward, she found solace to her motherly instincts, and harbored true disdain for his mother. How could she neglect Edward so badly, was beyond her. A mother always loved and protected her kids. That's why, when Edward's fever had refused to break, she decided to stay and care for him, hoping to leave before Elizabeth Cullen returned. As the time went by, Edward's fever and pain worsened. He was crying, throwing up and very pale. She had tried making him her grandma's famous chamomile tea, hoping it would calm the pain in his belly, but it was to no avail. She spent hours consoling him before he finally fell asleep. Exhausted from a long day of work and her worry for Edward, she fell asleep without even realizing it. "What the hell are you doing here?" Elisabeth roared, making both Edward and Maria jump from their slumber. "I'm sorry, S eñora , Eduardo has been very ill, and I stay behind to care for him until you come back" Maria explained, hoping her broken English didn't upset Señora even more. "His name is Ed-war-d, you stupid beaner. Gosh, can't you people learn English? This is A-me-rica" Elizabeth slurred angrily. "What the hell makes you think that you are worth of even glancing at my son's face? He is a Cullen! We don't mix with smelly, dirty beaners like you. You are here to serve us, nothing else. Learn your fucking place, you are nothing but a fucking maid." "Mother!" Edward wailed. He couldn't believe his own mother could be so mean and spiteful. Where were her manners? Her compassion? He tried to blame her behavior on the alcohol she had obviously consumed, but deep inside he knew that was who she truly was. "Stay out of it, Edward, I will deal with you in a minute," she threatened. "You can't talk to Maria like that. She is my friend! She plays with me and buys me candy when you are away. She loves me," he explained, unable to keep the accusation from his tone. Elizabeth's face turned red, and her nostrils flared with fury before she lifted her hand and struck Edward hard enough that it burst his lip. Maria's reaction was instinctual. She jumped in front of Elizabeth and held her hands before she could strike Edward again. "Oh, no, you don't hit him. You have to go through me first Señora ," Maria spit threateningly, glaring at Elizabeth with such anger that it caused her to retreat from Edward while pushing Maria away. "Don't touch me, your filthy bitch. He is my son, I can do whatever the hell I want to him, and believe me he WILL pay for this once I'm done with you. Samuel!" She screeched. Sam walked right in, since he had been listening outside the door. "Yes, ma'am," he replied politely. "Get this piece of trash out of here. She no longer works for me," Elizabeth stated snidely. Then turning to Maria she said, "Be thankful I don't call the cops and get your ass deported. Now get the fuck out of my house." "Mom! Please don't! I'll do anything. I won't talk to her again, I promise. She needs her job. Javier and Daniela need the money she sends them every week. Please, don't fire her!" Edward begged with tears in his eyes. "Shut up, Edward. Stop acting like a little girl. You are a fucking Cullen, and you will behave like one. God, you are so much like your father! So fucking pathetic. This is the kind of shit he always did. Always mixing with the dirt, wasting money in his freaking charities and helping the losers who could never make anything of themselves; but I'll be dammed if my son turns into a fucking pity. Hope this will teach you a lesson." Edward recoiled from the pure hatred coming out of his mom's mouth. Maria saw it and decided to put an end to things. "I am gladly leaving your home, Señora, but don't fool yourself into thinking I'm afraid of cops. I may get deported, but you will get in trouble for hiring illegal immigrant like me, so go ahead and do as you please. I will leave because I don't want to cause Edward more trouble, and because I can't stand seeing you teach your son how to hate. You have poison in your heart, Señora , and I pity you. I only pray the Lord Eduardo doesn't get spoilt by it." She then turned around and held Edwards face, forcing him to look at her. "Estoy muy orgullosa de ti. [I'm so proud of you] Don't you ever change who you are. I'm leaving a little piece of my heart with yours, so you'll always know how much I love you, sweet child." Edward cried harder. Nobody had ever told him he was loved, or that he had made them proud. It felt like acid was churning in his heart when he saw her walking away. Elizabeth, on the contrary, had a smug expression in her face as Maria walked by. Once Maria had left the room she turned to Edward. "This is all your fault. I am so ashamed of you. How could you let a maid sleep in your room? Have you ever seen me do such thing? Learn the lesson, Edward. People like us never mix with people like them. They are here to serve us, we use them until they are no longer needed, and then we dispose of them. You are a Cullen, you must always remember what your father forgot. Look at where he is now. Working in a second rate hospital in a podunk town, in the middle of nowhere. He still has money, but he has lost the respect of his family and society by not accepting his role in Cullen Enterprises. Respect is not easily earned, Edward. You have it by birth, don't throw it away for people like her. It is okay to donate money, especially if it gives you a tax break, but you should never, ever, mingle with them. Do you hear me?" Deeply hurt by her words, he could only nod. Once Elizabeth had gone to sleep, Sam snuck into Edward's room and took him to meet Maria who was waiting in his room. He had never been to the servants chambers, and he was saddened to see how modest they were. As soon as the door opened, he jumped into Maria's arms. "Please, don't leave me. Take me with you. We can go to Mexico, and I'll work at the mercado [market] with you. I'll be a good boy, I promise!" He begged. Her heart broke as she felt him squeezing her so hard that her ribs hurt. She wished she could do as he asked but knew it was impossible. "Eduardito, I can't do that. I know you are a smart boy, so you can understand that the police would put me in jail for that. Besides, your mom and grandparents would miss you very much," she soothed. "They don't care. My grandparents only give me money. They never visit or read me stories like other kids' grannies. Mom hates me, so please take me with you. You are the only one that loves me." "Eduardo, don't talk like that. Your family loves you very much! How can they not? You are such a beautiful child,