A/N: Hello! Here I am again. I'm sorry it's been so long since I last posted anything, but am I back on the saddle and ready to fully commit to my writing. I want to thank every one of you who took the time to check on me and send me wonderful words of support. Being part of this fandom is the best thing that could ever happen to me, you guys are amazing! Now, this story is loosely based on the events that happened in Minnesota on August 1, 2007 where the I-35 bridge collapsed into the Mississippi River. Please note I said 'loosely' meaning not everything that happens in the story happened in real life. In fact most of it is fiction. Also, while I did my best to do medical research through WebMd and Google, I am not a doctor nor a paramedic, so some of the medical treatment depicted in here may not be one hundred percent accurate. Its fiction, so please remember everything is possible This story is also intense, so if you don't handle suspense well, this may not be a good read for you. I'd like to thank Sarcastic Bimbo and Tita Ritter for helping me pre read and beta this story. Most importantly, I thank them both for their undying support and patience. It is because of them I was able to write again, after a two year break. Sarcastic Bimbo is also responsible for the amazing songs used in this story. She blew me away with her choices and I hope you love them too Now, put on your seatbelts and enjoy the ride! "Standstill. Complete and utter standstill. Fuck. My. Life." Bella muttered angrily. She hated traffic with passion, but even more when she had to be somewhere. Normally, she would have left her house an hour before she had to arrive at the university, but she hadn't seen Charlie in a few days due to his never ending workload, so she decided to spend some quality time with him. That decision wouldn't have been so bad if a semi-truck hadn't crashed in the middle of the I-35 bridge, but alas, her luck had never been the best. So she sat, anxiously waiting for a miracle that would clear the road in front of her. The sun was beginning to set, but that did not assuage the scorching heat of summer. Normally, she liked to enjoy driving with her windows open, but the heat and the fumes of the semi-truck parked in front of her made her close her window and turn on her AC at full blast. She thanked God for small miracles when she noticed that Charlie had filled up her tank the previous night, knowing Bella's tendency to wait until the car was clanking and sputtering before she ever stopped at a gas station. She tried to get distracted from the fact that her class was now starting by watching the water flow below her. With the sun setting, the water had turned a soft green and she could see little ripples of the small current from her position. She found the water to be oddly calming to her nerves and was beginning to relax when the hard notes of an electric guitar pulled her out of her nirvana, grating on each and every one of her already frazzled nerves. "Fucking hell!" she snapped, before turning to the other side, fully intending to give the Lenny Kravitz wannabe a piece of her mind, or at the very least, her best version of the evil eye. However, all the breath left her body and her eyes could do nothing but stare almost lasciviously at the very fine specimen of the male kind that was currently drumming his fingers on the steering wheel of a fuck hot Camaro. The man was beautiful. There was no other way to say it. He had a perfectly chiseled jaw, that was covered with a day old stubble, that gave him a bad boy look. His hair was a messy mop of coppery strands that fell right above the most intriguing green eyes she had ever gazed upon. They were a deep emerald, and they were currently shining with mirth as they looked back at her. They were looking back at her. That realization startled Bella out of her stupor, and she blushed furiously when she realized he had caught her gawking at him. She tried to sink back into her seat and pretend the earth had swallowed her whole, but Mr. Adonis had a different idea. He revved his engine, and when that failed to get Bella out from behind the curtain of her mahogany hair, the sexy bastard blew his horn, scaring her and making everyone around them look up. Bella chanced a small peek and found Adonis smirking at her, making her blush even more. He suddenly got distracted with his car stereo, breaking the spell Bella had fallen under while he smiled happily at her. "Get it together, Bella," she chastised herself. She took a couple of deep breaths and was ready to focus her attention to her phone when the heavy notes of Lenny Kravitz Are You Gonna Go My Way morphed into the crazy notes of Jet's Are You Gonna Be My Girl? Bella almost gave herself a whiplash with how fast her head turned back to Mr. Adonis, only to find him singing the lyrics to her. Starstruck. That was the only word that came to her mind, except he wasn't a star, but she was indeed struck by him. She lowered her head once again, while trying to process whether or not she had fallen asleep and was suddenly dreaming the fact that the most handsome man she had ever laid eyes on was flirting with her. "Don't be a coward," she told herself before she squared her shoulders and looked straight back at him. He kept smiling at her as he belted out the lyrics toward her. So 1, 2, 3, take my hand and come with me because you look so fine and I really wanna make you mine. I say you look so fine that I really wanna make you mine. Oh, 4,5,6 c'mon and get your kicks now you don't need that money when you look like that, do ya honey. Big black boots, long brown hair, she's so sweet with her get back stare. Bella's heart jumped in her chest while the biggest smile she had ever smiled graced her face. She nodded her head at him, letting him know she was game for whatever he wanted. She felt bold enough to fluff her hair in a teasing manner and bit her lip in a way she hoped looked sexy. Apparently she succeeded because Adonis made a gesture that signaled an arrow hitting his heart and him falling backwards, making Bella laugh at his bad theatrics. He then reached out to his stereo and soon the funky notes of Grand Funk Railroad's Some Kind of Wonderful started playing. I don't need a whole lots of money, I don't need a big fine car. I got everything that a man could want, I got more than I could ask for. I don't have to run around, I don't have to stay out all night. 'Cause I got me a sweet... a sweet, lovin' woman, And she knows just how to treat me right. Well my baby, she's alright, Well my baby, she's clean out-of-sight. Don't you know that she's... she's some kind of wonderful. She's some kind of wonderful... yes she is, she's, She's some kind of wonderful, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahhh... Bella laughed again as the man sang heartily, winking at her from time to time as the song played. She was dancing to the beat in her seat and even singing along, thankful that her locked window kept him from hearing her terrible singing voice, when she felt her car shake, followed by a deafening cracking noise. She turned around to look at her Adonis, hoping to find an explanation to what was going on, only to watch in horror as his car plunged to the river below, as the pavement beneath him crumbled like an old cookie. Half a second later it was her turn to fall 60 feet into the water. She felt herself being jostled and turned as gravity pushed her against her seatbelt. In the next second she felt the impact of her car hitting the water, pushing her violently against the seat. A sharp pain tore through her shoulder before she felt the impact of something really heavy somewhere above her, making her hit her head violently against the wheel. She heard glass shattering around her, and she felt oddly cold. The next thing she saw was a huge piece of concrete crashing against water… right next to her? Before she had time to realize what that could possibly mean, blackness overtook her. It took Edward about thirty-seven seconds to register what was happening. Another forty-four seconds to convince himself that it was, in fact, happening, and he was not having a nightmare, and about eight more to react to the immense pain radiating from his right leg. During that time he had become aware of the fact that the I-35 bridge he was on had somehow disintegrated below him, and that he was now trapped inside his mangled car that sat precariously on top of a piece of concrete that was halfway below water. "Are you okay in there?" he heard a man say. The sarcastic side of him wanted to reply 'just peachy,' but his brain quickly caught up to the gravity of the situation, and he had to force himself to consider the question. Was he okay? Remembering the "level of pain" chart his father had in his office, he took an experimental deep breath and was relieved to realize he could do that with only a pain level of two. He even imagined the mildly frowning stick figure in the chart. He moved his hands, opening and closing them, and was thankful to realize they were both functioning. He then decided he could not put it off any longer and tried to move his legs. He started with the left one, knowing very well that was the cowardly way, but not giving a damn. That leg only had a pain level of four, earning it a more severe looking stick figure. Looking at the blood coming out of it, he deduced that culprits were the many pieces of glass sticking out of it. Then he moved his right leg. The stick figure showed him its middle finger and told him to fuck himself with a rusty knife. It hurt like a fucking bitch. "Dude, you need to get out of there. Let me help you." The same man told him before attempting to open his door, only to find out he couldn't. "Dammit," the man muttered. "My leg is fucked up. I think the gas pedal is stuck through my foot. I can't move it," Edward replied, trying to breathe through the pain. "Your car is leaking gasoline, and there is one car on fire beside you. We landed on a piece of concrete near the embankment so the water ain't deep. We need to get you out of here and swim to the riverside before your car blows up and turns us into crisp." "Are the people from the other car…?" "I got there too late to help them," the man cut him off sharply, the tightening of his jaw the only outward sign of his distress. The image of his beautiful brunette hit him like lightening. One minute she was laughing at his antics, and the next her face was full of confusion as Edward plunged into the river below. He had no idea what had happened to her, but he was damned if he wasn't going to