A/N: Hello everyone! I am sorry I have been away for so long. Life in general has been hectic and the muses haven't been cooperating with me lately when it comes to writing. I do intend to finish both Broken and Plummet, though I do plan on pulling Broken to rewrite it before I do. Plummet will continue as it is and should be done in another 4 more chapters. I wanted to share this O/S I made last year for the fandoms against domestic violence fundraiser. As always it could not be legible without the invaluable help of Belynda Smith and her Beta skills. The banner was made by the incredibly talented Mina Rivera and can be seen at my Facebook group Amoxcalli's fanfic corner. If you like it, please review and share. I love to hear your thoughts! The constant sound of raindrops on her windshield were lulling. Bella had been driving for two days and although there had been overnight stops, she was feeling exhausted. Traveling with a three-year-old was not an easy feat, but she couldn't regret her decision to leave Texas. She had grown tired of the rumors about her pregnancy, the disgusted looks she received at the market whenever she was out and about. She was the pariah of the town. For the most part, she didn't care. She worked her ass off to sustain her kid and did her best to shield her from the shit storm that surrounded her existence. Bella regretted many things, but the most important one was being stupid enough for the lies of a man who swore he loved her only to marry someone else and having that man be the father of the reason for her existence. She glanced at the rearview mirror to see the face of her little angel, sleeping peacefully in her car seat while cradling her teddy bear, Mr. Tots, and her favorite blanket in the other. Bella couldn't help but smile at the sight. Addie had been such a chatter box all day, excited to see their new home and talking her ears off about all the things she was going to put in her new room. She wanted a gigantic giraffe and lots of stuffed animals but most importantly, she wanted a puppy. Bella sighed in contentment. She was glad she had finally been able to publish her work and that it was providing her with enough steady income to afford the move and to rent a house for them. She'd dreamed of this since the day she found out she was pregnant. She wanted to be away from him, to erase him from their existence. The day she found out Addie was coming was both her happiest day and her worst. She went into Jacob's office to give him the news, nervous about his reaction, only to find a woman there with him. He introduced her as Leah Clearwater, daughter and sole heir of Harry Clearwater, owner of the multimillion dollar chain of hotels and resorts Clear Water Inc., and his fiancée. Bella threw up right there on the dark cedar floors of his pristine law office. Leah was gracious about the incident and asked her to sit down until she felt better while she called the janitor to clean up the mess and ordered her a glass of water. Jacob had stood there, looking pale and sweating bullets, thinking that Bella was going to rat him out and willing her with his dark cold stare to shut up, and he didn't even know about the baby yet. Bella felt like her world was falling apart. Leah noticed. "Are you pregnant? She asked, realizing her boyfriend's stare was less than friendly and getting a bad feeling about it. "Yes," Bella responded looking straight at him. He dropped his head and his hands became tight fists. Leah didn't need more confirmation. "Congratulations! A baby is such a blessing, isn't it?" Leah said trying her best to sound enthusiastic. Bella nodded. Shame filled every cell of her body. This woman, who was so nice to her, had no idea that she had fucked her husband to be and even though she had not known about their relationship Bella felt dirty and unworthy. Her tears began to fall without her permission. "Miss Swan, I think we both know you aren't here looking for legal advice. I can see it on your face and I can see by Jacob's reaction that the baby is his. Also, I can see by your reaction that you had no idea I existed. Am I correct?" Leah asked calmly, as if she was talking about the weather. Bella felt her shame swallow her whole as she nodded. "Baby, she is fucking lying. I never touched her! Yes, I won't deny that we had dinner a couple of times but that was as friends. She is trying to trap me with a kid that isn't even mine!" He fumed. Bella couldn't take it anymore. She slapped him hard enough to leave a mark. "What the fuck is your problem?" he bellowed. "My problem? My problem is that you can stand here spewing all these lies about me when you know good and well that I had no idea you were about to get married. My problem is that I met you and I fucking trusted you with my life and now my life is over. Yet my biggest problem is that I have no idea how am I going to explain to my child that his father is a rotten pig and a two-timing bastard!" He didn't respond to that. Leah who had been quietly watching the scene finally broke the silence. "I'm really sorry, Ms. Swan. It looks like we have both been victims of an unscrupulous man. The difference is that I can't do anything about it. Cancelling my wedding would mean social suicide and would affect my family's reputation and business. I cannot let that happen. This is my fault, I chose a man and obviously chose wrong. You on the other hand, are able to walk away. I can make sure your child is taken care of if you promise not to say a word about this to anyone. You seem like a nice woman, a stupid one like me, but nice nonetheless. I don't want to be forced to destroy your reputation. I have a lot of resources that I won't hesitate to employ in order to defend my family's good standing. It's not personal, like I said, I like you, but I won't let you ruin me or my family." Bella couldn't believe what she was hearing. She felt like she had fallen into a rabbit hole and entered a different reality. She fully expected to wake up and find out all of this had been a nightmare. "That's not my kid! Jesus! Leah, how can you trust the word of a tramp over mine?" Jacob screamed. "Fuck off, Jacob. You think I'm an idiot? It's written all over your face, and hers. I have no intention to wait for the results of a DNA test to deal with this. You and I will talk but for now, we need to make sure this is taken care of," Leah spat. "I won't say anything." Bella finally found her voice. "I don't want anything except him signing his paternal rights away. I don't want my child anywhere near you people." "That's fair. Yet, don't forget that if you ever break your silence I'll go after you and after your child. I hope you don't ever put me in that situation. If you don't wish to get money now, I understand, but if you ever change your mind, please know my door will be open. This isn't the baby's fault and I don't wish him to suffer." "I'll provide him with everything he needs. He isn't your problem to deal with. Forget about us, because I swear to you that if either one of you even dares to breathe in the same zip code as us, I'll go to every fucking media outlet there is. I'll tell them about how you just threatened me. They may or may not believe me, but you and I know that a DNA test will be more than enough to plant the seed of doubt." Bella replied in a calm but deadly voice. Looking back, she thinks that was the very first time her maternal instinct kicked in. Unfortunately for everyone, Addie was the spitting image of her father, a fact that pretty much everyone around them noticed. Bella knew it was a matter of time before their secret came to light so she decided to move. True to her word, Bella had never taken a cent from the Clearwaters so she had had to work double shifts at the diner while also writing her first book in order to afford the move. A sludge of water and mud hitting her windshield snapped her out of her thoughts and caused her to swerve a little on the road. A huge truck had fallen into one of the many potholes caused by the rain and since she was currently traveling near the forest, there was mud everywhere. She used her wipers but all that achieved was smearing the mud all over the windshield so she decided to stop by in the next gas station and get it cleaned. She thought it would be a good time to stretch her legs a little and get some much-needed coffee. The sky was turning a beautiful shade of orange and blue by the time she arrived to a decent looking gas station. Addie was still sleeping which made Bella feel like shit. Her baby was tired and she couldn't afford to waste another night in a hotel when they were so close to their destination. She figured she could drive through the night and make it to Port Angeles by four in the morning but still felt bad about not being able to provide her baby with a good night's rest. Without her job in the diner she would have to be very careful with money, at least until she found something else to do. Getting Addie to wake up was a challenge. Bella tried everything she could but Addie refused to cooperate. The kid slept like the dead. Bella decided to just carry her while she got some coffee and a few snacks, as well as use the facilities. Once she made it inside Bella made a beeline towards the coffee area. Of course, the coffee was all gone so she had to ask the attendant to brew a fresh pot, which meant carrying her toddler longer. Being 5'4 and 120lbs made it a bit hard to sustain the dead weight for a long time, but she couldn't leave her baby in the car. Deciding that moving would be best she started to roam the aisles and pick up their snacks. "God, Alice how many times do you have to pee? We've stopped five times already, what the hell is wrong with you? At this rate, we'll get home next week!" She heard a deep melodic voice yell from the area. "I don't want to pee, Edward, I'm thirsty. I am craving a Big Gulp and some chocolate. If you are gonna bitch about it then go back to the car!" an annoyed female voice replied. Curiosity got the best of her and she peeked from the end of the aisle. She saw a tiny woman sticking her tongue out at the best-looking man Bella had ever laid eyes on. He was tall and lean with penny-colored hair and deep green eyes that looked right through her soul. It was at that moment Bella realized the man had caught her checking him out but instead of being upset or cocky about it, he was looking at her like she was a mystery