- Chapter One - A New Beginning It was nearing midnight and Lucius Malfoy was sitting alone in his office, reading a long letter that had arrived from the Ministry that morning. The words passed by him in a blur, each sentence barely being processed before he moved on to the next. He was certain word of his punishment would come soon and found that he just couldn't bring himself to focus on the Muggle-Born Registration Act he was due to present to the Ministry in a matter of months. He was caught between wondering what such a punishment would be and trying to concoct a scheme to ferret out of it. So far he had been largely unsuccessful. The more he attempted to make himself focus on the words before him, the more his mind raced through the possibilities the Dark Lord might choose as a punishment. It was entirely dependent on the Dark Lord's mood of course. But Lucius could help but think that his master had something particularly awful up his sleeve this time. Would he feed his dear Narcissa to Nagini? He doubted it, but then again, the great wizard wasn't above enacting punishments on innocent parties. Naturally, Lucius was confident that his son Draco would escape whatever the Dark Lord had planned, his son had made an impression on the wizard and was quickly becoming something of a protegee. Lucius couldn't have been prouder. But one thing he knew for certain was that the punishment would be swift and severe, and he just knew his sister in law would be there cackling away as he was dealt with. Bellatrix had always hated him, for what reason he didn't know nor did he particularly care. If Narcissa hadn't made him promise not to harm her sister, he would have put Bellatrix down long ago. If only he managed to snag that prophecy. Everything would have been fine if he had managed to pull it from the Department of Mysteries in time, but as always that Potter boy had gotten in the way. The connection between the boy and his master was becoming almost too dangerous, making it almost impossible for them to make a move without being blocked by Potter and his band of merry do-gooders. Did they not understand how important their agenda was? This was for the betterment of wizarding kind everywhere. No more mud-bloods to taint ancient bloodlines, those abominable centaurs brought to heel, complete isolation from the muggle world - It was what the wizarding community desperately needed. Lucius felt this desperation keenly; hailing from such an ancient bloodline himself, one that was able to be traced back to the great Salazar Slytherin – One of the four founders of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. There was something to be said about a family that had been able to maintain a pure-blood status such as his. The Malfoy's were the epitome of proper breeding, good sense, and with wealth that could not be outmatched. It had to be preserved. He had already begun negotiations with Alatar Greengrass to broker a betrothal between Draco and Alatar's youngest daughter Astoria. The Greengrass's, like the Malfoy's, were an ancient pure-blood line. Such a union was necessary to preserve such an enduring legacy. Dropping the long-neglected letter back on the desk, Lucius stretched his arms above his head and cast his eye over the room. It was, of course, the pinnacle of good taste with a black marble fireplace facing his antique mahogany desk. The dark walls were sparse save the severe portrait of Abraxas Malfoy, who had a glare so icy it made one's blood run cold just from looking at it for more than a second. A soft crack sounded and in a small puff of smoke Dotty, one of the Malfoy's last three remaining house-elves, appeared before him. "Master," she said in a squeaky voice. "Mrs Malfoy asked Dotty to collect the Master sir." Lucius raked his eye over the almost pathetically small creature with a sneer; "What have I said about disturbing me?" Dotty wound her hands through the dirty linen cloth she used to preserve what little dignity she had. "Never sir," Dotty said contritely. "I would never disobey you sir but Mrs Malfoy told me to come. She said a visitor has arrived and he is not to wait." "Back to the kitchens with you," he dismissed. Dotty didn't disappear straight away; "Master Draco is to go with you sir, Mrs Malfoy told Dotty not to forget that. She said it was very important for Dotty to tell the master so." "Leave now," his voice eerily calm, nothing got under his skin more than a house-elf that didn't know their place. "Before I curse you into next week." The small creature disappeared without another word, knowing full well that her master always made good on his threats. Swallowing hard, it occurred to Lucius that the eleventh hour was upon him. Dotty hadn't told him just who had arrived, it could be any number of his contemporaries, but he knew one thing for certain. Whatever the Dark Lord had in mind it would occur that evening – there was no other reason he would be entertaining a guest otherwise. Lucius did the only thing that he could, he steeled himself, stood from his desk and made his way to where he knew his son would be sleeping. He didn't bother to knock on his son's door, instead, he just pushed it open with no difficulty at all. His son's room was the most decorated in the entire house; his walls covered in posters from various Quidditch teams. His signed poster from the English Team took pride of place over the head of his bed. Slytherin flags were pinned to the white walls, while his son and his friends smiled out at from the small collection of photographs Draco had placed atop his dressing table. Even in the darkness, Lucius could make out Draco's almost white hair spread across his green pillow. He had never seen his son asleep like this before and he couldn't help but note how boyish he looked, not so much like the sixteen-year-old who was desperate to seek the approval of his father. "Draco," Lucius hissed into the darkness. "Wake up." The boy mumbled incoherently, rolled over on his stomach, and snored deeply. "Draco," he tried again raising his voice slightly. There was silence for a moment before Draco slurred "father?" sleepily. "Get up Draco," he said firmly. "The Dark Lord is waiting." "What's going on?" Draco asked in confusion. "Just get up," Lucius replied firmly as Draco threw his covers back and began to search for some clothes to put on. "Don't bother getting dressed, we must go down now." "Yes father," Draco followed his father as he turned from the room. Lucius led Draco down the hallway and towards the stairwell. All eyes were on them as they passed the through the portrait hall on their way to the parlour. Malfoy ancestors – all blonde and all exclusively dressed in black – tried to commandeer their attention to no avail. Reaching the foyer, Draco followed is father into the front parlour. A small room, decorated exclusively in forest green and black. For the most part, the room was the primarily used for Death Eater meetings, anywhere between ten to fifty people all dressed in the same dark robes would congregate there once a month. In the centre of a room, a man dressed entirely in black scowled deeply as the pair entered. Lucius didn't take his expression personally, the man scowled at anyone or anything thing without prejudice. Where his son stood out in his white t-shirt, green silk boxer shorts and his platinum hair askew in an almost boyish manner. Corban Yaxley was a sight all on his own. The greying man wore his stringy hair tied back into a simple leather cord, his face etched with menacing lines the both belayed his experience and age – but he somehow managed to blend into the room with ease, almost disappearing in it entirely. "Malfoy's," his voice held a distinct East London accent. "Yaxley," Lucius nodded in acknowledgement. "Time's up Lucius," Yaxley told him cruelly. "And you brought young Draco along, the Dark Lord will be most pleased ." "Where are we going?" Yaxley's face contorted into a poor imitation of a smile, "Now, now Lucius where is the fun in that? I thought you enjoyed mysteries ." Lucius prickled at Yaxley's implication – the man didn't know what really had occurred that day. And how could he when he when he was off on his own revenge mission? Why the Dark Lord had pick Yaxley of all people to escort them was beyond him. "Now, now Corban," Lucius mocked. "You wouldn't want to forget your place now would you?" Grinning arrogantly, Yaxley took a step forward. "I have been forgiven. Unlike someone I could mention." "You needed to seek forgiveness," Lucius sneered. "You turned craven, not I." Yaxley's giant fist balled at his side, his anger barely contained; "Aye, I turned away there is no denying that. But everything I have done since he came back has been done in the name of the Dark Lord. There is no one who could say otherwise. Can the same be said of you?" "I have dedicated my entire life to the Dark Lord," Lucius flicked his long platinum hair over his shoulder. "Yes, it sure does seem that way," Yaxley's dark eyes glinted dangerously. "But who really knows whether you failed your duty on purpose." Lucius clenched his teeth, his jaw ticking slightly, but it was Draco you spoke instead. "How dare you question my father?" Draco snapped as he stepped in front of his father in a protective manner. Yaxley smiled widely, baring his yellow teeth menacing; "Hiding behind a mere boy Lucius? Is nothing beneath you?" "How dare-" "Quiet boy," Lucius cuffed Draco upside the head before turning his full attention to Yaxley. "This is getting us nowhere." "Aye, it is. I propose we leave before the Dark Lord gets restless." "Father, should I-" "There is no time," Lucius said. "Come as you are." "But I don't have my wand," Draco's eyes darted from side to side nervously. "Surely I can go and grab it." He wasn't given the opportunity to argue further, however as Lucius took him by his sleeve and told him to clear his mind. Yaxley said something about the Forest of Dean before he disapperated in a whirl of black smoke. Lucius felt the familiar pull at his guts as he held Draco's arm tighter to his body to try and avoid splinching, before they disappeared with a loud crack. Draco had the overwhelming urge to vomit when they reappeared in what he assumed was the Forest of Dean. Willing the nausea away, he looked around himself trying to get his bearings. The forest was quiet, too quiet. Not even a creature had dared to disturb the grounds. For what reason Draco didn't know, but it was unnatural. A fissure of fear ran up his spine, there was something inherently wrong about this place, but he failed to put his finger on just what that was. A full moon hung heavy in the cloudless sky bathing the forest in a silver glow, making the trees almost ghostly in appearance. Had he not been almost paralysed with fear, he would have thought it beautiful. There was something truly otherworldly about this place, Draco almost expected to see faeries dancing amongst the trees to a song only they could hear – reminding him of the tales his mother used to tell him as a child. "Come Draco," Lucius commanded coolly. He followed without fuss or hesitation – there would be no point, he couldn't leave even if he wanted too. Draco made a point to take note of landmarks of any