Disclaimer: S. Meyers owns Twilight. No infringement meant. Cross Country " Airplane travel is nature's way of making you look like your passport photo." — Al Gore ... Edward's POV . Despite technological advances made, I still hate flying. Being able to have my tablet to watch movies, mp3 player to play music and first-class amenities to comfort me, helps somewhat. I really enjoy being able to do all this, but all these things don't help if the plane happens to fall from the sky. Granted, planes don't just fall, but my vividly creative mind likes to think otherwise. If I were made of lesser stuff I'd probably assume the fetal position and wait for the plane to touch back down safely. But thankfully, I've come to regard flying as a necessary evil and just ride the storm. The airport around me is a busy hive as people walk to and fro, gate attendances make necessary announcements, commuters shop in the little stores with overpriced items and security personal continues to monitor everything around them. It's like a little town all its own. I take it all in, trying not to notice the exhaust smell all airports seem to have; no matter their ventilation system. The most exciting thing to me about being stuck here is people-watching. It is interesting to watch, basically, strangers interact with each other, starting up conversations with someone completely unknown to them. I wonder what makes someone start talking to someone else, what makes them ask the first question to break the metaphorical ice between two strangers. Why even start conversing in the first place? I'm not a stranger to conversation and the good it can have, but I am also introverted by nature. My mother calls me a born introvert. I can all but hear her voice from past conversations, " You think I taught you such behavior, Edward ?" She laughs at her simple question and I give her a blank stare. She isn't really moved or intimidated by it . . . pity . " It took all of my hard work and dedication to make you into the talker you even are today, darling ." Again, I try to give her the stink-eye, but she simply bats her lashes at me while smiling beatifically. My mother is made of something too stern . . . pity . I shake my head and try to squash the grin wanting to overtake my lips. I know that if someone sees me smiling they'll take it as an invitation to start talking to me. I really can be quite friendly, but since I'm about to board a plane and fly off into the sky my social interactions remain at an all time low. I truly hate flying, airplanes and anything to do with being unnaturally suspended in the sky. So, I pop in my ear-buds, pull out my tablet and pretend to read, while really people-watching. It is the only enjoyment I get out of airports. I watch as passengers hurry from one gate to another, barely avoiding a fall or collision with someone else. A man walks out of the bathroom with toilet paper trailing behind him, and I do feel sorry for him even though I allow myself a little laugh. I may be mature, but that is always funny. I even see an oblivious person pick their nose and examine their find, as if they aren't surrounded by hundreds of people being able to see them. I chat to myself, don't eat that . . . don't eat that , but they are unable to hear my mental coaching as it passes their lips and slips down their throat. Note to self, that was damn disgusting and apply hand sanitizer when seated. Airports are such a bizarre place. With my stomach now in knots from both the bugger-eater and the anticipation of my flight, I have to close my eyes and try to calm myself. Stress always does awful things to my stomach. Deep breathes help me to calm down. Telling myself how childish my fears are and how debilitating they can be helps to bring my anxiety down even further. I allow my eyes to stay closed for a few more seconds as my music switches over to something more classical. "Send in the Clowns" is quite beautiful and goes a long way to quelling my stomach spasms. As the last bar of music is played, I open my eyes and sigh: music is a beauty unto its own. Though I'm still nervous, I feel somewhat better. Pushing terrible thoughts away, I once again began to people watch. As I zone in on a groups of teenage boys in front of me, I can't help but want to laugh at their expression. If cartoons were real these, boys' eyes would be bugging out, with their tongues lolling out and drool seeping down their chins. I may not have yet spied the object of their affections, but that look on a boy is quite universal. While trying to suppress my mirth, I turn from them and look in the direction their eyes are bugging out. The first thing to catch my notice is the long, long wheat-colored hair. There seems to be yards of it with all of it flowing like a river down her back. Instantly my fingers are begging me to sink into it. My fingers only usually feel that kind of itch for my piano. The next thing one can't help but notice is the skinny jeans which mould so perfectly around shapely legs and even shapelier bum. Her legs seem even longer than the wheat-colored hair. My eyes helplessly trail up such gorgeous legs to her waist. Only an inch of skin is visible between her jeans and billowy top, but it has my own skin tingling. And though I can't see her arms through her shirt, I can only imagine them to be as sublime as the rest of her. Three inch heels already add to her impressive height as she casually walks – making it seem as if she strolling down some damn catwalk of a runway – down to her parting terminal. Something inside me continues to twitch as I helplessly watch this beauty. I could go on and wax-poetic about her face, the exquisiteness of it, the perfection of it, but with every guy staring at her as she walks by, speaks more eloquently than I ever could. Even Kate Upton pales in comparison to this exquisite ingénue. My mind starts a running dialogue about how she's probably overrated and completely fake in every place imaginable. One can't be that beautiful and not utterly stuck up her own ass. This may be an unfair criticism, but having been burned before by someone of her bottled-colored hair, I tend to steer more towards brunets. Even with the nasty diatribe running rampant in my mind, it still can't take away from her outwardly appeal. Yet your above all that tripe, Edward , I maturely remind myself. It is what the inside holds more than the outside . A lesson I'm more than familiar with. Unsurprisingly, or perhaps more my fate for being so hateful and pessimistic, the blonde beauty turns abruptly and parks her gorgeous bum just to the right of my gate. Of course . . . The teenage boys I watched earlier are now in nirvana. Like some kind of magic wand was waved, they are now acting like teenage girls: giggling and leaning in close to each to probably gossip about the blonde's bust size. And it certainly didn't surprise me when several other men around her started to shift uncomfortably in their seats. I wondered if this woman had any idea the effect she had on those around her. Several girls (and women alike) are sending her hateful glares while others seem somewhat intimidated by her. Through it all, the blonde keeps her head down and buried in some book that seems to capture her full attention. Surely she has to feel all the stares on her, but gives no indication she does. I can't help wonder if these mannerisms of her are ingrained or something she painfully had to learn. But above everything else, I can't understand why she's even captured my attention, too. Oh, she's beautiful, there is no questioning that, but usually I'm not swayed by someone's outer-looks. It isn't that I am above that kind of judgment; I just know from personal experience what it feels like. Yet there is truly something about this woman which calls to me. However, like others sitting near us, I won't be a slave to my baser instincts. I had played around much in my youth, but now that I'm sitting at 30's door, I yearn for more than the next one-nightstand. I want companionship and continuity . . . longevity. Call me 'a stick in the mud' but I am past all my early twenties bullshit. So with swift action, I lower my head and refuse to look at the woman everyone can't look away from. I am even surprised some don't rush over to her and ask for an autograph – as if she were some kind of movie star. Not that I would be surprised. The time seems to tick by slowly and my neck cramps as I refuse to look up any more. My book holds no interest for me; neither does any game loaded on my tablet. Even surfing the web bores me. The only thing my traitorous mind wants to focus on is the beauty that seems almost untouchable. Repeatedly, I start to list all her personality flaws. I may not know her; but someone of her ilk must be stuck-up, inanely stupid, vapid and distracted by anything shiny. It helps me to breathe easier as I constantly tell myself these things. By the time I'm ready to pull my hair out, the gate-attendant announces pre-boarding for my flight number. "First-class passengers, please. First-class passengers only." With a relieved breath I stand up, stow away my equipment (still leaving my ear-buds in but turning down the music) and make my way over to the ticket counter. The gate attendant looks at me funnily as a low groan leaves my lips. In front of me, in all her splendid glory is the same person I've spent the last half-hour trying to avoid. She looks even more glorious up close and I wonder how in the hell that's possible. There must be some foreign fate laughing at me. As the unknown temptress all but ignores me, handing her ticket over to the agent, I am a little peeved she hasn't noticed me. This is absolutely absurd thinking on my part so I quickly shut it down. The best thing I can do is hope we aren't seated next to each other and the plane doesn't crash. But even my usual fears are an afterthought after taking in the beauty in front of me. "Sir, your ticket please. This is a full flight and we need to keep the line moving." With pink-tinged cheeks at being essential caught daydreaming, I had my boarding ticket over and wait for her to scan it. I hurriedly take it back and make my way down the jetway. Once inside the plane, I notice my blonde plane-mate is already seated, nose back in book, seatbelt buckled and things stowed. The girl seems faster than lightening, as if she blinked and was simply teleported to her seat – not one hair out of place. If by some small miracle, I am not seated next to the beauty but behind her. Many baseless jokes run through my mind at the image, but I ignore them. After situating myself and waiting for the rest of the plane to load, once again the painful swells start in my stomach. Being on a plane is the biggest