Disclaimer: S.M. owns everything in the land of Twilight. No infringement meant. Unseen " Splendid architecture, the love of your life, an old friend... they can all go drifting by unseen if you're not careful." − Ian Mckellen ~…~ Rosalie's POV I don't know what's possessed me to do this. I feel all but pathetic as I try and squeeze my ass into my favorite pair of skinny jeans. Shouldn't have had that donut for lunch (and the bag of chips), I think, but I had to comfort myself somehow. And eating junk food instead of killing my brother was the preferable choice. But there's nothing to do now. I pull my silky ruffled shirt over my head and pair it with a boyfriend sweater. As I slip on my riding boots and shake out my long blonde curls, I tell myself this is as good as it's going to get. The fact that I even put in a little effort should make my brother happy. " Please, Rosie," he had begged, bringing out my nickname. He used it when most desperate. "Be my amazing sister and do this for me. I don't ask many things from you ." And damn him if he wasn't telling the truth. He was more wont to things for me than I for him. Not that I didn't try. Since little, when our father died, leaving it only Mama, Jasper and I, he fancied himself the man of the house, and thus his responsibility to take care of his girls. Sometimes it could get a little annoying, but I loved my brother and knew he meant well ... Well, most of the time, I remind myself. The fact that I even agreed to this blind date spoke volumes. But I would swallow my anger at Jasper and go out with his friend tonight. He was worth it, my brother that is. With his friend just moving in to town, my crazy brother thought it his responsibility to take care of him, valiantly showing him the ropes and making sure he was comfortable after basically moving cross-country. Jasper was quite honor-bound in that respect. He cared and looked out for those he considered his own. But it also left me in the lurch. Tonight was his and Bella's anniversary, and instead of leaving his friend to fend for himself on a Friday night, brother dearest had volunteered his sister dearest (note the sarcasm) to play babysitter. So I suck up my anger, grab my keys and clutch before slamming the door to my apartment. Well … perhaps all my anger hasn't abated. . . The restaurant's loud as I try to flag down the "hostess with the mostess". She has quite the "most-ess" attitude as she shoots me a dirty look as I wave at her impatiently. Ten minutes I have been standing here, watching some unashamed guy – with a date no less – checking out my ass (which does look super in my jeans, but that's beside the point). I can hardly hear myself think, not to mention my "date" is running late and nowhere to be seen. I think I'm at least allowed to wave at the hostess a little meanly. With a scowl marring her otherwise pretty face, miss attitude finally bestows her attention on me. I am use to other girls treating me as such. She isn't the first nor will she be the last. Girls usually reacted badly towards me. They either thought I was stuck-up or too into myself. It is partly true, I take pride in my looks, but I not stuck-up. I'm more introverted and it causes me to be more reserved, thus girls taking an instant dislike towards me. But again, I'm not going to complain. It's treatment I'm used to: some girls thought me snobby and some guys thought me to be ditzy and an easy lay. Blonde hair, blue eyes, and a rocking figure (I had to work my amazing ass off for, thank you very much) came with a price. "What do you need?" the hostess all but snarls at me. I try not to cringe at her anger. "As you can see, we are quite busy." I want to snarl back and demand to see the manager. But the evening is already shit and I don't want to make it even more so. After swallowing my resentment, I say evenly, "My table would be nice. Reservation under the name Hale." Unbeknownst to me, the girl all but blushes to the roots of her hair. I can't understand her reaction, but write it off to the weirdness of this horrid blind date. "Umm, this way please," the flushed hostess replies. Quickly turning away, the girl starts pushing her way through the massive Friday night crowd. I can't understand her urgency, especially when it's taken me ten minutes plus to even flag down her attention. Shrugging my shoulders, I all but run to keep up. Blind dates are the pits. . . Well, mystery solved. To say I can understand why the hostess all but ran to my reserved table is an understatement. I'm not one to usually judge someone on their looks, having had to put up with that for most of my life, but damn – with a capital D-A-M-N – the guy is good looking. And I wonder if he knows how good-looking he is? As he studies his menu, I can't help but humorously think if he could feel the hostess studying him just as intently; and probably wondering if he were on her menu tonight. Without realizing, I must have snickered aloud because the next thing I know, startling green eyes are staring at me, all but seeing through my flesh and bones and into my thoughts. It's an unsettling feeling, as if I'm not wearing any thing, and I'm manifesting my entire body and soul to this unknown man. "Rosalie Hale, I presume?" Mr. Green Eyes asks. How could a voice sound that cultured without being practiced for hours?, I can't help but think. "Edward Cullen, I presume?" I'm not one to be intimidated. I grew out of that stage early in my life. Rosalie Hale had quite the outer shell, thank you very much. "Touché." A small, wobbly smile cracks the side of his lips. Okay, so maybe my brother is out of his doghouse; a little. This Edward's smile is quite adorable and does squirmy things to my belly. "You're late, you know. I've been waiting here twenty minutes." He turns from me to the overly flushed hostess. "And you can leave now. No need to stare." Boy crush officially over … For both "hostess with the mostess" and myself. . . We've been studying our menus for a few minutes without saying anything. The silence is almost deafening; it doesn't matter that we're surrounded by other loud parties of restaurant goers. The awkwardness is making my skin itch and my stomach turn in dread. I am already over this evening. Order, eat quickly, make niceties and get the hell out of dodge , that's the plan for my evening. "So, does anything look good on the menu?" I ask finally, trying to break through the discomfort. Mr. Green Eyes sighs (as if I can't hear him, uck) before taking those vivid eyes from his menu and resting them on me. I feel, once again, as if I'm stuck in his tunnel vision, with no means of immediate escape. It makes me swallow thickly, while badgering myself to grow up. It is never acceptable to become googly over a guy. "There's no need for you to stay, Rosalie," he says, and it takes me a while to clear the embarrassing guy-fog from my head. The way he says my name is so charming. "Um … what," is my eloquent response. That half-smile takes over his lips again, and I find my hands reaching for my condensing water glass. I'm not sure how it got there, but I'm grateful all the same. "You've fulfilled your obligation to your brother. I'll tell him the evening went well and you were a most charming dinner companion. Your brother will then realize I'm not some hapless kitten who needs to be attended to or looked after. Jasper will agree and life will go on as planned." I don't know if I should be offended that he'd lie to my brother, expect me to go along with it, laugh at his ridiculous statement or just go along with his plan. I do know I find myself quite intrigued with this guy … this guy that smiles wobbly one minute, but can be rude the next. He is an anomaly I want to solve. And damn if that doesn't appeal to my analytical side. "You expect me to lie to my brother?" That's what I decide to go with. I feel a little ashamed as I watch my brother's friend turn pink in the face. It clashes terribly with his reddish, blond hair. "What? … no … I'd never … Jasper's too …" he stutters, trying to look away from me. Oh, he is even cuter now. "Care to finish one of those thoughts, Edward?" I ask, teasing him unfairly. He paints quite the picture of a ruffled boy with crazy hair, flushed cheeks and overly bright eyes. Edward stops stammering, studies me with those green gems, trying to suss me out. I take pity on the guy and give him my own playful smile. It's only fair; after the way I've teased him into a garbled mess. "You're teasing me, right?" he softly asks? Before I go to apologize, thinking I've really offended him, he smiles. "I can see the resemblance to Jasper. You and he are so much alike." I decide to take that as a compliment, not knowing Edward enough to see if it's an insult or not. "So, the fact that Jasper and I look like twins isn't enough to see the resemblance between us, Edward?" "There's that too." His cheeks become lightly tinted pink again, as he looks away with a smile quirking his lips. I wonder what makes him flush this time, the thought of my brother's looks or mine … "Welcome to …" we are interrupted as the waiter's finally come. As the waiter goes on his spiel about the specials and to take our orders, I look at Edward, really studying him. He isn't so bad. Maybe this evening won't be that much of a waste. . . The silence is thick again, as the waiter's left. I begin to play with my water glass, chasing the water droplets as they fall down the glass. I'm not sure where to begin or what to say, finding myself strangely drawn to this unknown person. He seems both shy and reserved. Funny and sarcastic. Broody with moments of levity. He blushes but can be cool as a cucumber. He is quite the conundrum. I'm not sure where to begin, or if I should pick up where we left off. The indecision he causes in me is most unwelcome. I am usually a person comfortable around others, comfortable in my own skin. Yet this Edward Cullen makes my skin prickle with uncertainty. It's disconcerting. "So, you're going to stick it out?" I hear spoken softly from across me. I turn to my dinner companion; he sounds almost uncomfortable using common jargon. Perhaps it's just his discomfort with the situation which makes him sound shyly disjointed. "Would you rather I leave?" My question isn't in jest, but an honest query as to what he wants from me. "That's not what I meant … you're free to leave … uh, but if you'd like to stay that is fine, too … whatever you like … I …" Without thinking, I reach over and softly place my hand on his twisting fingers. His fingers are warm and a little