A/N: I may continue write small bits of this universe. And they won't all be Fred and Hermione. For now, I just wanted to warn you this one is and has a massive fluff disclaimer. Oh, and JK Rowling owns all the things. The castle was impeccably maintained. It had been carefully cared for and there were strategic repairs and updates made, all fantastically accomplished with out altering the original facade or floor plan. This being acknowledged, the castle that acted as Hogwarts Academy of Excellence was a bloody big oven when the weather turned to summer. Hermione was not happy about tests being over. Granted it meant she could go outside and have a reprieve from the smouldering and suffocating heat that was Hogwarts constant state when term was nearing its end. Still, it meant there was time on her hands, with no committed compass forward until the following week. Then noise and frivolity would accost her ears as she prepared for, mapped out and got a leg up on the next fall term. Also, it meant that she was that much closer to saying good bye to Fred. She felt the corners of her mouth lift in a tiny smile, even the general vain of thought was sad. He always made her smile what he called her "sneaky" smile. His smile, really. She moved swiftly down the corridor, last test of the day done and over with. She slowed momentarily at the sound of ruckus laughter that came through one of the large windows from the small courtyard outside. Peaking around a supporting column, she observed the object of her simultaneous joy and pain. If writers over the centuries were to be believed, and she was a hopeless romantic at heart, this was what love was meant to feel like. He laughed loudly as Lee Jordan cursed at him from the ground. A foot ball rolled her way, but she remained inside and some what out of view. Still, when his head whipped around, he wasn't looking at the ball. He was looking at her pillar. He jogged forward and retrieved the ball. He shot her a wink, which she responded to by scratching her nose. His face would have split in half if it were actually physically possible for it to do so, his smile had expanded that much more at their silent correspondence. Later that night she went through the motions of checking her assigned corridors for students. Satisfied that the halls were sufficiently clear, she made her way toward an unused set of class rooms. One quick sweep of the area and she shoved a door open and slipped inside with practiced swiftness. Hands pulled her into a warm and welcoming embrace as soon as the door latched behind her. He swung her around, deftly lifting her on to an old desk that had been cleared of its thick layer of dust by them by the time the first quarter was nearing its end. Hands met waists, got caught in hair, cradled faces and groped places that she had stopped blushing in embarrassment over rather quickly after they'd started their affair. She'd wanted to say something immediately after the incident on the train. Even though she had slightly fancied him since she was 11 and found him devilishly handsome, she had so many questions and concerns. It had taken everything she had to agree to give it a shot. Once she'd decided that he could be a better option than Ron, her sanity nearly unravelled at his methodical destruction of her restraint. She'd found the room by accident. He'd taken to following her around during her evening corridor checks. She'd turned down a random hallway, urgency making her antsy and suspicious of spying parties. When he had started in on how he would need her help navigating the library, for the third time that patrol, she finally lost all sense. Grabbing him the collar with her right hand, she pulled them against a random door and kissed him with a feverish intensity she'd had no clue she was capable of. Her left hand worked, though rather sloppily, on the knob. She felt it stick once it unlatched and shoved backwards. Whether Fred caught on or not, she never found out, he had grabbed her waist and had rather forcefully guided her into him before sending them both in the opposite direction with the aid of his own pelvic movement. Her mind had been aware enough to take note of two things. The first being that she was snogging one half of the dynamic duo that had spent almost their whole academic career fighting the very institutions she studiously enjoyed. And lastly, her body weight was not going to be enough to dislodge the class room door her possible secret boyfriend was unabashedly snogging her against. Functioning on autopilot, she shoved him backwards, pivoted and threw her weight against Fred's. They both fell against the stubborn door and found themselves continuing into the newly accessed room. He was in control enough to pull away and work the door closed. She had taken the opportunity to get in a few deep breathes to clear her mind so she could assess the situation her treacherous hormones had gotten her fixed in. Fred watched her from the door as she slowly turned around the room. He was quiet as she took in the dust that layered every surface. She paused when she was facing him again, finger scratching her nose in a nervous way she was sure he'd never seen before. When she finally raised her eyes to his, he'd sent her a cheeky wink. "You know, I just snogged you good and proper against this door." He pounded his fist against the aforementioned wooden structure as if it would make whatever was happening more real. "You're welcome for that, by the way. You know, you're mine, right? No going back now." "Right. You sure?" His response was an overly exaggerated guffaw. "Bad joke. Sorry. Seriously, though, how are we going to tell the others? What will Harry, Ron and Ginny say?" He'd laughed for real at that. "Oh, we aren't telling them. At least not until the year is over. Don't try and change my mind, pet. For one, Ronniekins will blow a gasket. He's a wreck as it is. All the time, these days it seems, and this would be just too much for his fragile state." He then sent her a look that she quickly began to crave at the most inappropriate times. "And, I want everyone in complete ignorance so I can keep doing this with out having to look over my shoulder for prying eyes." Her squeal at being picked up and grunt that followed as she landed on the desk behind her were the first of many questionable noises they would make in that room through out the year. Those varied sounds had ranged widely in intensity and repetition as time had gone on. There were even rumours circulating after a time that that portion of the school was haunted. When any version would become a topic of conversation, she would scratch her nose, he would wink and then they'd continue on as normal. Ginny had caught on rather quickly, sadly. "Oh, what fresh hell is this?" Hermione shot her eyes to the girl beside her at breakfast on the morning the new school legend had started to circulate. "You're having a go at my expense, right? It's not for real? Like, not for really real." George mirrored her curled lip. "It's disgusting, right? I'm not the only one sickened, then. Good. Solidarity in numbers." Hermione waxed confused for a second but conceded easily with a blush that coloured her whole face and neck. Ginny groaned and shoved her plate away. She didn't look at either of them directly for weeks and would take to yelling random football facts rather loudly when "Moaning Myrtle" was the topic of general conversation. Harry had been her unwitting saving grace. Whenever Ginny was with Michael, he would cause such a confusing scene that all prior conversations ceased. From that point on, she was always to preoccupied handling Harry's unhinged mood swings to notice Fred and Hermione sneaking about behind everyone's backs. These thoughts weighed on her that night. It took the steam out of her as she went through the motions of snogging Fred. And, even if she was skilled at silencing it, a voice in the back of her mind raised the old question of why Fred had really suggested they keep their encounters a secret. He was a flirt. She knew this and thought little of it. He'd been that way since she met him. He'd have a fling here and there but the details had always been known by the whole school. It had almost been like he was egging people on to try and spread rumours more outrageous than the truth he was putting out there. Not her, though. He kept her hidden away, even after nearly 8 months of dating. "You know, pet, I can do this all myself. Still, I think we both know it's more enjoyable when you contribute as well." Fred raised himself up on his elbows and kissed her nose. "What's weighing on your mind? I usually have you absently muttering in Latin by now." She tried to reignite the heat these moments usually had, but couldn't make her normal gusto for the activity come to muster. "I just think it's time we talked. I have some concerns." He gave her a serious nod, that was contradicted his hand skimming her exposed belly with deft fingers. "Bad sport, Fred. Go over to that desk, there." He dropped his head to lay a quick kiss on her collar bone but humoured her. "What is it, Hermione?" She avoided looking at him and readjusted the hem of her shirt and sweater. "Come on. You're killing me over here. You just used two statements responsible for the deaths of roughly 83 percent of happy couples, globally, every year" "Be realistic, Fred. I don't think it's that high. 67 percent, at the most." She could see his shoulders ease up as she fired a joke in return. "I just wanted to know:m if we're ever going to come clean? About us, I mean." He pondered her for a moment and shrugged. "I think we have a good thing here, you and me. Why would you wanna rock the boat?" She wondered if she could hide the growing hurt from her eyes. "Oh, pet, not like that. Never like that." She flinched, ashamedly, as his hands gently cupped her jaw. "What I mean is, there's so much freedom to sneaking around. It's just us, and George and Ginny and Harry, but I digress. No one else to question and prod and poke and warp this." There was a twinkle in his eye that only shown when he was about to pull off a prank. It was anticipation for the reaction of his audience. The potential for shock and awe igniting a fire in him that, otherwise, only appeared when they were alone. "You want the greatest potential for an audience." His responding grin was impish and shown his pride of her for her deduction. "Oh, God. Fred! What are you plotting?" "A gunpowder treason." He leaned forward, blue eyes too bright and genuine to allow her to stay frustrated. "Remember, remember I adore you." "Oh, god. Fred, you're such a dork!" She regretted the end of that encounter. It was quite the opposite of how she'd been feeling prior to their meeting, but that's how it was with Fred. He had a way of calming her nerves and renewing her faith in his genuine nature. The end of year dinner was more enjoyable than usual. Fred had decided he'd let his brother, at her insistence, go long enough with out being properly