Bree was a small town, that was for sure, but even small towns have their dark sides. The streets where "respectable" people would never admit to going. The streets where young men found their fun at. The streets where you saw coins being discreetly passed under cloaks, and the streets where – for the right price – a dagger would flash discreetly, and a life would flash before darkening eyes. And Thumber Road was on this side – Witches Way, it was called by those who scorned it. All the women worked on Witches Way, unless they were the truly irredeemable ones, those who would take whoever paid enough and spend it on herbs and powders that were not meant for humans. Witches Way was ruled by Mrs Glyfoird, an ugly old woman, but one who kept an eye on all of her girls and their purses. She was not from Bree – her black skin said as much – but she had been there for as long as the mind could look back. During the nights, while her girls leant from doorways into the street, she would sit on her stately old wood chair, like a queen surveying her kingdom, enthroned upon a balcony where her eyes missed nothing. She had the house at the top of the street, and her favourites worked at the closest houses. Those out of royal favour were left at the other end, forced to charge lower prices and work harder than the favoured ones. 2 or 3 girls, the youngest, most beautiful ones, worked in her own house, and ate, slept and trained under Mrs Glyfoird's watchful eyes. These were the girls allowed to entertain only one customer a night, who could dance and sing and were even given lessons and a hope of marrying a customer who was particularly enthralled with them. These were the girls who had plentiful supplies of the expensive herb that all the girls required – pennyroyal, diluted and with the bitter taste of the tears that were shed as it was taken. These were the girls who had doctors to watch over them, lest they take too much or too little. Every year, two or three of the less fortunate would die from the pennyroyal. Sometimes it was accidental. Deeta was nearer to the higher end of the road than the bottom, a fact that she thanked the powers for daily. She was 5 doors away from Mrs Glyfoird, and shared a house with 3 others, all like her – Senna, Anya and Olo. Olo had 17 years to her name; Anya 26. Senna and Deeta were among the many who had been left with no Birth-Day, but Senna knew she must have had 20 or 21 winters, and they had guessed that Deeta was the youngest there, with 13 or 14 to her credit. All of them were grateful to be in a house that got along so well, and one that didn't have to worry about money – Anya had a well-established reputation already, and the others, having gained business as a result, were on their way to getting them. While none in the house were well fed, they always had enough for two meals a day. The houses below them argued and fought, but strife in this house was not something that happened often, and if it did agreements and apologies of noble intentions were quickly made. At night, each had her appointed place. Anya, with a face likened to that of the pictures of beautiful and noble Númenóreans, and beautiful dark waves of hair the colour of chestnut, had the left side of the balcony, where she sat, the first thing that men passing the house would see. Deeta was at the other side. This was often considered an unlucky draw, because most men were already looking at the other houses, but Deeta liked it, mostly because of the fresh air. An already tiny frame and lack of food had produced a figure elf-like in its slenderness, with masses of curly brown hair that exploded around eyes so dark and set in such pale skin as to be almost black. Normal 0 false false false EN-GB X-NONE X-NONE !-- /* Font Definitions */ font-face {font-family:"Cambria Math"; panose-1:2 4 5 3 5 4 6 3 2 4; mso-font-charset:1; mso-generic-font-family:roman; mso-font-format:other; mso-font-pitch:variable; mso-font-signature:0 0 0 0 0 0;} font-face {font-family:Calibri; panose-1:2 15 5 2 2 2 4 3 2 4; mso-font-charset:0; mso-generic-font-family:swiss; mso-font-pitch:variable; mso-font-signature:-1610611985 1073750139 0 0 159 0;} /* Style Definitions */ , , {mso-style-unhide:no; mso-style-qformat:yes; mso-style-parent:""; margin-top:0cm; margin-right:0cm; margin-bottom:10.0pt; margin-left:0cm; line-height:115%; mso-pagination:widow-orphan; font-size:11.0pt; font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif"; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi; mso-fareast-language:EN-US;} .MsoChpDefault {mso-style-type:export-only; mso-default-props:yes; mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri; mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-fareast-font-family:Calibri; mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri; mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin; mso-bidi-font-family:"Times New Roman"; mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi; mso-fareast-language:EN-US;} .MsoPapDefault {mso-style-type:export-only; margin-bottom:10.0pt; line-height:115%;} page Section1 {size:612.0pt 792.0pt; margin:72.0pt 72.0pt 72.0pt 72.0pt; mso-header-margin:36.0pt; mso-footer-margin:36.0pt; mso-paper-source:0;} 1 {page:Section1;} -- Her hair, usually so frizzy that it was more like a hat than hair, did not add to her beauty, and she knew that her features were slightly too large and her head slightly too small for her to be considered truly beautiful, but it all added to an ephemeral look. Some men preferred the girls at the bawdier end of the street, with the lower cut dresses, but Deeta earnt her keep from those who liked them young and delicate. Senna would lean on the door frame, and knew how much she could could charge a customer before he would take his business to other places. If a man requested Senna herself – Senna, with her beautiful dark red hair, that fell down to her hips and was so often braided into tiny plaits – then Olo, who otherwise sat in the window, would take her place. And if both of them were booked then the door was closed, and the men passing by would know that that house was surely well in demand. Olo had curly black hair, that fell in beautiful ringlets when it was let down, but mostly it was kept pinned to her head and secured by strings. This night, however, Deeta almost wished she was inside. The wind was biting, and her clothes – vest, underskirt, tights, skirt, shirt and bodice – were cotton, and not warm in the slightest. Anya, at the other end of the balcony and wrapped warmly in a beautiful coat, glanced back, concerned, as coughs raced through Deeta's body. Deeta knew that if Anya had a choice, she would have gifted the coat to the younger girl, but the house couldn't afford to have Anya ill and not working. There were customers out there, but many of them were regulars, who hurried past, wrapped in coats and faces down, feet treading a path trodden many times before. Deeta had seen a man who she knew to be one of Olo's come in a few minutes before. Shivering, she wrapped her arms tighter around herself and leaned back over the railings, shaking her hair over her shoulders till the curls whipped around her face in the wind. Scanning the men below, she spotted one of Anya's many regulars heading towards their door, tugging a smaller figure behind. A few minutes later, Senna's voice rang from inside, summoning them both in from the cold. "An, it's Ferny for you, but he's brought his son, and it's his first time." Senna explained as she led the way down the narrow stairs. Deeta had guessed as much – many men considered it their duty to show their sons around Witches Way, if only to ensure that they didn't try and go there on their own and end up getting stabbed. They rounded the landing and Anya smiled at the man. "Hello, Bill." she purred, stepping round Senna to wrap an arm round Bill Ferny's waist. She was a completely different person whilst she was around customers, and whoever had taught her, had taught her well. Bill Ferny was a sneaking, skulky man, who always smelt of beer. His son obviously took after his mother, since he was a thin boy with cropped blonde hair, who seemed to be fading into the shadows behind him. He looked to be around Olo's age, maybe 16 or 17. His father clapped an arm around him and shoved him forward, into the light from the lantern. "Well, Barns." he asked stridently, "Which do you want?" Bill leered at Senna and Deeta, standing on the stairs. He had visited both of them on the occasions when Anya had been indisposed, as well as Olo, and none of the occupants of the house had the slightest affection for the man. "That one," he pointed at Senna, who looked at the boy from under her eyelashes "is a classic, but that one," he nodded now at Deeta, standing behind Senna "ain't as delicate as she looks!" He laughed uproariously at his own wit, obviously drunk, and Senna and Deeta exchanged forced smiles. The boy nodded at Deeta, who looked demurely down at the stairs. "That one." Bill looked at Senna. "25 for Anya and 20 for Deeta." she told him. "Both of them have other customers due tonight." Bill squeezed Anya's shoulder tightly towards him. "Nothing is too good for my Anya." he agreed. "But, considering my loyalty as a purchaser of your services, surely the girl...?" "20." she told him firmly. He laughed again, looking slightly less pleased, but pulled out some coins and gave them to Senna. She smiled winningly at him, and led them up the stairs to the first floor, the "entertaining" floor. "You're costing me, boy!" he told his son, following Senna. Remember what I told you – don't be gentle, get what I paid for!" Deeta thought to herself that Bill was, if not a good man, at least a man who followed his own advice. After he had "purchased her services", she had had bruises up and down her arms for days. One of the doors was already closed, and Anya headed straight for the one on the far left, with a surety born of many former experiences. Letting the man in first, she shared a resigned look with the other two and closed the door. Anya was just as repulsed by the drunkard as the rest of the house. Senna hurried back downstairs, hearing a man's voice, and Deeta turned to the boy – Barns – putting a smile on her face. "And where would sir like to go?" she asked him, her customer face firmly in place. He looked unsure, but strode for the room on the right. Deeta followed, trying to guess what the boy wanted. From the look of him, he needed to be told what to do, but she was still not as good at this guessing game as the others, and she'd been wrong in the past. Closing the door behind her, she turned. The boy was sitting on the bed. He looked a little scared, but when he realised that she had noticed, his face turned ugly, and he sneered at her. Standing up, he strode over to her and pulled her down onto the bed, seizing both arms and pinning them above her head. Deeta tried to look like she was enjoying the cruel treatment, and knew immediately that this boy was absolutely his father's son. He got his pleasure from power. His mouth met her with a rough force that would leave her lips swollen, and he knelt over her, forcing down her legs and hips, and leaving her unable to move. His lips removed themselves, and he sat back, sitting right on top of Deeta's hip bones. She made the sound that she knew men like this wanted to hear, a moan that was scared, but lustful at the same time, and the boy's hand found the top of her bodice buttons. He ripped them open – somewhere in Deeta's mind a voice said that she would have to