El Carnaval A carnal carnival. Hermione Granger was furious. No, furious was not even the word to cover her extreme frustration and anger towards her two best friends, Harry and Ron. They had travelled a long way to attend the 225th All Wizards' Macabre Night. They had to apparate between two countries and had to take the thestral service to cross the oceans. They had taken so much trouble to attend this carnival so that they can empty their minds and relieve their stress after the Battle of Hogwarts. Even though they had won the battle, it was still stressful for them. They had lost people; people who were so dear to them. The smiling image of Fred came into her mind. She almost smiled at the memory. But the battle had made sure to corrupt all the treasured memories with unpleasant tragedies. Fred's funeral. How much she would give to not remember the broken visage of George while he stared at his twin's coffin! What would she not do for her terrible islands of memories to float away! But life was not fair. One cannot simply wish memories away. One had to live with them. Acceptance, Ms. Granger. That is what you need now. When you can't get rid of something, you have to accept it. Dumbledore's voice echoed in her mind. She had been hearing his voice a lot lately. Whether it was some deliberate magic or just her subconscious projection, she didn't know. She didn't care. In fact, it was almost pleasant to have a warm voice in your head. Almost. Hermione shook her head off the thoughts as she walked through the serpentine lanes of the carnival. The carnival was everything Hermione had expected it to be. It was refreshingly soothing to see so many human faces smiling, gawking and strolling carelessly around the different stalls and tents. Hermione had always loved solitude. She would readily choose a book to a quidditch match. But not today. Today she was craving for the human touch. Today she was a social being. Seeing people laugh and walking through the messy crowd while rubbing her skin with strangers made her feel so alive. So ordinary. It was so noisy that if she closed her eyes, she could imagine herself going back to her childhood where she visited the muggle amusement parks with her parents. That is why she chose the Macabre night. She wanted to be an irresponsible, carefree creature for at least a while. She was just a girl of eighteen, surely she deserved it! So when the news of the carnival was put up in The Daily Prophet, Hermione had instantly jumped with enthusiasm and curiosity, pleading Harry and Ron to attend it. They had readily accepted. Everybody was so busy these days. They were all dealing with trauma and the carnival sounded like a great idea to clear their minds. As usual Hermione had taken the responsibility to arrange the trip. The Gryffindor Witch had a whole plan jotted out. She knew precisely what event they would attend and what exotic potions they would try and what workshops they would participate in. She had been so excited at the prospect of spending some quality time with her friends without caring about any implications. Everything about the carnival was going just fine. They had arrived two days ago on a Thursday afternoon and set on with enjoying the festivity. Hermione's plan had been a huge success until her two great friends had decided to get intoxicated with potions at the Madam Rosemary's Magical Concoctions stall. They were drunk on some exotic potion brewed and imported all the way from Japan. Both Harry and Ron were so high that they could hardly walk. Despite all her warnings, they had gone ahead and gotten themselves drunk. Excellent! Hermione breathed fire at the thought of their escapade. She had to literally levitate them to their tent. She had given them a sobering potion and tucked them to their beds. She was not at all pleased having had to play the role of a nurse; all because of their silly lack of self control. However, she was not going to let their stupid act spoil her holiday. Soon after they had fallen asleep, Hermione left their tent to wander around the carnival. It was twilight and the moon was beginning to rise from the puffy clouds. Hermione made a decision that she hadn't made in her entire life — she was going to ditch her plan and go with the flow. For an hour, she had hit random stalls and shows. She had watched in awe the magnificent performances, she had tried out different cuisines of food, and she had even had conversations with strangers. For the first time after the war Hermione felt truly happy. She walked the narrow lanes of the carnival grounds with a cheerful heart and a slightly drunk body (yes, she had had some exotic potions from Madam Rosemary's too.) She was not very intoxicated but she knew that she had lost her way. After walking through the lanes for an hour she found herself in an unfamiliar alley. Curious. She thought. The lane was dark. There was no light except for the twilight beam of the moon. She kept walking. At the end of the alley she found a bright pool of yellow light drenching the ground. She immediately rushed to the source of the light with her hands on her wand, just in case. As she reached closer to the light she found out that it was an entertainment centre just like the other centres in the carnival. It was brightly lit and decorated with flamboyant colours. Hermione raised her head to read the board of the centre. It read, Moonlight Mavericks For Witches and Wizards who doesn't mind a little bit of wild amusement... What a peculiar title! Hermione thought. The title piqued her curiosity very much. She contemplated whether to enter or not. The title had said that it was for wild witches and Hermione was surely not one. However, she had been nothing but reckless that whole night... maybe she could try out something new, something untamed...whatever it was. So she entered the centre with a steely resolve. Inside it was surprisingly dark; she had to light her wand to walk in the dark corridor. After a few minutes of walking, a cheery voice boomed in her ears. "Welcome to Moonlight Mavericks! We are happy to receive you Miss. Granger. We guarantee you an unforgettable night of entertainment and pleasure." The voice was so soothing and light. It had the quality of a jocund host. "Well, thank you." Hermione muttered. She still didn't understand what this place was for. "For today's evening we have three options, miss. The first one is Lovers Unbound. The second, Serums for Soul and the third one is Dark Deceptions. Which one do you choose Miss Granger?" The cool voice questioned her. "Umm...I am not so sure of what those three means. I don't know what they are all about." Hermione said. "Oh Miss. Granger, it's quite alright. This evening is not about what you know; it is rather about what you need. If you are not aware of what you need, we would be glad to help you find it." The voice was getting more and more mysterious. Hermione hesitated. What do I need? She needed a warm bed and a cup of dark chocolate but it was not in the list provided. After a moment or two she answered, "I would love to know what I need. You can help me." As soon as she said those words, the entire corridor lit up. She was blinded by the sudden transition from darkness to brightness. She turned around to examine the place. She stood in the middle of a long corridor which had mirrors for walls. The floor was covered with a red carpet and the ceiling was also made of mirror that reflected the red floor. The entire place dazzled and shined. She looked forward to find somebody. There was nobody in the entire corridor. The pleasant voice of the host had also disappeared. She walked, unsure of what to do. Then she noticed it— a small brown table that materialized out of thin air. The table stood ten feet away from her. She ran to the table in hopes of finding something. On the table was a mask. The mask was the colour midnight ink; the same colour as her T-shirt. The only difference was that the mask was covered with a million tiny stones that shone brightly. She lifted the mask over her face. It covered her face from the bottom of her eyebrows to the beginning of her mouth. She turned around to see the mirror. The mask suited her better than she had expected. It complimented her figure quite well. She lay the mask on the table and found a small note beside it. The note was written with silver ink on a scarlet parchment. She read the note — Miss Hermione Granger, Welcome! We are glad to have you as our guest. In a short while you will enter the realm of the Unbound Lovers. Before that, we kindly request you to put on your mask. Please refrain from removing your mask while at our premises. When you are ready, please take a right turn at the end of the corridor. You will find your destination there. Thank You. Hermione slipped the note in her pocket and quickly fixed the mask on her face. She turned around to inspect her face in the mirror. As she had expected, the mask was enchanted. It fit her skin like it was its own. It's been enchanted to prevent it from slipping off. She thought. She took off to her "destination" as instructed in the note. Hermione entered a huge hallway. It was the size of the Great Hall with its magnificent heights and fresco filled ceilings. The room had no corners; it was circular. A dazzling chandelier of diamonds hung in the centre of the ceiling. The entire setup gave Hermione the feeling of a muggle ball room. There were aristocratically dressed witches and wizards walking around and socializing with others. There were tables filled with delectable food, there were springs of drinks being served, and there was music filling the ears. It was like royalty. Only problem was Hermione didn't belong there at all. He black jeans and blue T-shirt was an egregious abomination in the crowd of such grandness. She looked around desperately to find any familiar face. There were none. Although, she noticed something else — not everybody there were wearing a mask. In fact, only a hand full of people had their masks on. But the note said to not remove the mask... Hermione thought. Now, under normal circumstances if something like this had happened, Hermione would have immediately removed the mask just for the sake of curiosity but today she was thankful that she had the mask on. She was intimidated enough by the crowd and she had no desire to remove the mask and make people recognize her. So she set out to the tables and started tasting the pudding and other chocolate pastries. No sooner had she sunk her teeth into a dark chocolate pastry than the voice of the host boomed in the hall. Everybody became silent for a moment. The entire room was quiet, eager to listen to the host. "Good Evening Ladies and Gentlemen. What a pleasant day it is! As you are all aware we are gathered here for experiencing an unforgettable night. You are all going to be the happiest person by the end of this night. Now don't be sceptical about happiness being relative and all...I know it is. That is why you are all going to experience it in your own way." The voice started to laugh