So here we are! My second fic :3 If you can't tell by this mega long chapter, I plan on this story being much longer than my eleven chapter "The Contract". This one will be much more mature as well, with some suspense, gore, and some romantic situations I suppose. So its rated M! Hah! I know this chapter kind of drags, but it was important to set the stage, get some backstory, and introduce most of the characters. I'll try to update again this week so that we can get to the nitty gritty here. I have big plans for this one! Review if you like, but feel free just to follow or favorite! Enjoy :) -Honeybooboochild " Take Me" chapter 1 Katniss watched as her breath formed clouds on the dirty bus window. She wasn't sure what stop it was, maybe she had even missed hers. It had been years since she had been here. She wasn't entirely sure where she was going. She had been on the bus for several hours, traveling further and further and away from what she hoped would be her final semester at school. She hated it there. She wanted it all to be over. College was not what she thought it would be. When the sky began to turn an icy blue, she knew she was getting closer. She hadn't been to Panem since she was a kid, and the most she knew about it was that it took an entire night to drive there from Philly, where she lived. Where her family used to live. After her freshman year at the university there her mother had taken a research job down south back in her hometown of Panem. Her mama packed herself and her other daughter up and fled into the night. It had been almost four years since Katniss had seen her mother. Since Katniss had seen her little sister. Her sister, Primrose, was only ten when they left. Would Prim still recognize her? Would they be as close as they used to be? Katniss scowled to herself. As the sunrise threw cold daggers over the North Carolina hills, Katniss felt that the chill of the north had followed her. It was only November, but it was definitely almost winter here. It would probably get colder. She made a mental note to buy a heavier jacket. She never made much of an effort to take care of herself while in college, maybe she would start now. Minutes later the bus pulled into a full fast-food joint parking lot, and instantly she was reminded of her grandparents. Always going out to Hardee's for breakfast at sunrise on Sunday before church. Even at dawn there were barely ever any seats. Katniss gathered her rolling bag, duffle and pillow and shuffled her way into the aisle, muttering apologies to the sleepy passengers she bumped into on the way. Whatever chill she had was gone now, the physicality of the action brought a heat to her chest. When she was off the bus, she saw them instantly. - (Katniss' POV) I bit into my chicken biscuit like it was a fragile sandwich made of gold. I hadn't had one since I was probably in diapers, and it tasted better than I could have ever imagined. Prim, fourteen going on fifteen already, sat quietly across from me, every now and then looking over her shoulder or down at her smartphone. I tried to smile, but I couldn't bring herself to get over the tension. She made it this way . I looked over to my mother, quietly finishing her country ham. She seemed better than the last time I had seen her, and for good reason. She got away from me. She ran away. "How long will you be staying?" Her mother whispered, her voice lighter than a flower. Already, already she was planning on having me out. My throat went dry. Years of missed birthdays, of unanswered phone calls, and this was what her mother decided to ask her. When are you leaving. Please make it quick. I swallowed a bit of my coffee and mulled the answer over in my head. "I'm not sure. Maybe until I find a job." "You're not going back? To the college?" Another whisper. "Nope. No way. Never." I stuffed a hash-brown into my mouth. I didn't want to get into this now. My mother seemed satisfied with it anyway, and wiped her mouth with a napkin. "Well your bed's made up at grandma's and grandpa's. That's where we live now." Where you live you mean. Where you live without me. I simply nod. She and Prim help me with the few bags I have and we load it into her shiny new Outback. I sit in the back seat and watch as Prim fidgets with the fancy radio. The reception sucks down here. She settles for some pop song with a country twang. I want to gag. It takes about forty minutes to get to Panem from the Hardee's. I had thought it looked too developed of an area to be the town I spent my summers in when I was young. My grandparents lived in an old white farmhouse at the top of a big hill. The only house up there. With their own winding dirt road. As I felt the Outback's suspension pick up the worst of the ride, I was secretly glad my mother had bought the shiny new car. All wheel drive, or no wheel drive. The big old farmhouse hadn't changed much since my grandparents died. Wood panelling on the walls, oil lamps, white hand-crocheted runners on ALL of the tables. The only modern update was satellite TV and wifi, which according to Prim, was the best in town. I looked down at my own prepaid cellphone, much simpler than Prim's smartphone, to see that I had no bars. Not that I had anyone to text or call anyway. Still, a cellphone let me feel safe and secure. I was starting to feel less of that. I felt like I was in a room full of strangers. Mom offered to take me on a quick tour and I agreed mechanically. Her office was on the first floor, the dining room right next to it; kitchen and living room joined together in an open floor plan, separated by wooden columns connecting to beams on the ceiling. The kitchen had looked slightly newer, with a shiny chrome fridge and clean white granite on the counter tops. It was simple. Mom and Prim's rooms were on the second floor, along with a multipurpose room that housed an old desktop computer and a couch. Some board games sat on shelves, some of Prim's old toys hung out of bins. I could say a layer of dust on them. Obviously they hadn't been disturbed in a while. I scan the room for another detail, something from my past. I had hoped that my mother kept it. But its obvious absence left a reassuring emptiness in my heart. Hope was dangerous, and I had learned to survive without it. Without my mom, and without my sister. They left me. That was their choice. She shows me their bathroom, specifying that its theirs, and turns to take me up to the third floor. This is grander, more open. No green carpeting like downstairs, no there's dark hard wood on the floors. She'd been trying to restore it she says. The walls are white and sheet-rocked, no panelling. Next to the staircase there's an open parlor with a desk, a bookshelf, and an armchair. I look to my right and see my bedroom door. I know its mine because there's a hand lettered sign on it with my name. Someone took the time to decorate a small chalk board with wooden katniss plants and paint my name in white on it. It screamed south, and dare I say it, brought a smirk to my lips. Without taking direction from my mother, I ventured into the room on my own. It was large, the size of the living room downstairs. A bed, my own desk, a small sofa and some shelves. A coffee table stood in front of the sofa, and there was space for a TV in front of that. I have a closet and my own bathroom on the right. "I've been working on it...for a while Katniss." My mother seems to choke on the words. I stare at the room, walls blazing white. There's a sage green quilt on the queen sized mattress, and on top of the pillows lays the small stuffed cat I had been looking for just minutes before downstairs. I begin to smile, but quickly shut off the action. If my mother had been making a room for me at her house, why hadn't she told me earlier? Why hadn't she made an effort with me? Instead of leaving me at a college hours away with barely any notice? No money, no phone, no nothing. "Are you hungry at all?" She whispers. "No. We just ate." "Okay, I'll have Prim bring your things up, I'll let you get settled in..." Her voice dissipates as she leaves. I was barely eighteen. I was wearing a black dress. I was at the cemetery in the city, watching my father being lowered into the ground. No one held me. No one held my sister either. My mother hadn't been able to make it to this part of the funeral. My mother had been a doctor once. My father had been alive once. I hear him banging from the inside of his coffin. "Get me out of here! I can't breathe!" He screams. I rip at my hair and yell at the priest continuing the ceremony. He throws a small handful of dirt into the open grave. I run up to him and grab at his robe, can't he hear my father scream? "Katniss! Please! I can't breathe!" He's alive! I know he is! No one will believe me. I turn and look at Prim. Her eyes are so sunken, she's like a corpse. A corpse with the most golden hair I've ever seen. Its growing longer and longer the more I stare. I turn and see my father, standing behind me. He picks a gun up and brings it to his mouth. He fires it. He does this again and again. He doesn't fall. His expression doesn't change. He is diligent, even in death. I turn again, and see his mouth, dripping with blood. He screams. "Katniss!" I've soaked my sheets again. Years of nightmares and you would think I would have learned to put a towel down by now. I pull my hair back into a ponytail, and take off my long t-shirt, cold and damp from my sweat. I cringe and throw it to the other side of the room. That shirt had been Gale's, a loan from my best friend. I returned to bed, not bothering to put on a new change of clothes, instead I lay a towel down- in anticipation of more nightmares. Gale. I wonder what he's doing? I don't know where I'd be without him. I'm surprised I could leave him. I had been friends with Gale since high school, and we ended up at the same college. I had always assumed I would end up marrying him, I figured he'd be a better choice than most. When my father died, he took "best friend" to a whole new level. He got me a job, he taught me how to apply for student loans by myself, he bought me my prepaid phone and taught me how to put minutes on it. He let me live with him rent free. He tried his hardest to save me. He saw how my mother started visiting less and less. How she never called. When I told him she moved without warning, he introduced