Hunted by some and hated by many, can our heroes survive? In a world where demigods are hunted by monsters, immortals and mortals, what can they do, as they face extinction from the very beings they sought to protect? Find out in Fiery Tears. Roses are red, violets are blue, I do not own PJO and unless you are Rick Riordan, neither do you! Leo's POV It all started during the Giant War. I sat at the helm of the Argo Two, surveying the ground below. The Giants had gathered below us, as they waited for us, so that they could awaken their mother. We had to attack them or else they would just find two poor demigods and slaughter them. Monsters surrounded the immortals, growling as they looked up at us. We had no other choice, then to blow them up with the Argo Two. As we descended upon the desolate field, I screamed, "Attack!" Instantly the sounds of machines groaning filled the air, as flaming scorpion ballistae bolts rained down upon the massive immortals below. Monsters screamed in terror, as their bodies were destroyed, while the Giants cried in agony. The children of Gaea picked up rocks they had prepared and hurled the stone projectiles towards the Argo Two. My eyes widened, as I saw the barrage of stones flying towards me. Instantly, I deployed counter measures, as drones I created ran into the rocks, causing most to fall to the ground below. However, some of the rocks made it through and slammed into our air stabilizers, which were the only things that enabled us to fly. "We are going down! Brace for impact! Jason, try to slow our fall!" I clutched the wheel so hard, my knuckles were white. I steered the ship, aiming for the Giants, hoping to injure them, for destroying my ship. As we glided towards the Giants, I saw their grins turn into looks of horror. The remaining monsters ran around in circles, as we flew towards them. I screamed a battle cry, right when we slammed into the monsters and Giants. My head slammed against the wheel once we hit the ground, but I still held on. Once we stopped moving, I rounded up my comrades and we either climbed or flew off the ship. There were twelve colossal bodies on the ground, moaning in pain, as they slowly stood to their feet. Around them, there was yellow dust, slowly dissolving into the air. Our attack had completely decimated the monster army. My friends and I held our weapons aloft, as we waited for the start of the battle. It didn't matter that we were outnumbered. Together, we would give them a battle the Giants wouldn't soon forget. Together, we charged, as the Giants lifted their weapons, ready for our assault. We slammed into them, with a force unrivaled. We were a whirlwind of skill and speed, as we tore through the Giant's ranks. Some of us, *cough* Jason *cough* were actually whirlwinds. Percy had wrapped himself in a hurricane, which he fueled from the rain, which Jason was bringing down from the sky. Together, they weaved in and out of the enemy, slashing their feet and legs, causing them to bellow in pain. Hazel had called Arion and he had responded to her call. She rode the son of Poseidon and Demeter into battle, with a gigantic smile upon her face. She whipped around the enemy so fast, they couldn't do anything as she reduced their legs to bloody messes. Piper, using the training she had learned from Hazel, weaved through the enemy slashing their legs and feet, before occasionally causing one to attack the other. Frank was a ferocious dragon who burned and slashed his way through the enemy, before taking to the skies and swooping down on them yet again. However, we were only annoying the Giants. We couldn't actually kill them. One mistake and we were dead. Suddenly, a whiny cry echoed through the air. I turned around, to see Hazel being flung off of her impaled horse, Arion. Hazel hit the rocky ground, before she rose to her feet and ran to Piper, with tears in her eyes. She was a Roman. She knew that this wasn't the time to mourn. She had to respect Arion's sacrifice by casting the beings, who had killed him, into Tartarus. I called my friends over to my side and they quickly obeyed, while the Giants they had left cried in anger. "We need help! We can't hold them back! There are too many! We need a god or else we are dead!" I shouted over the deafening roar of a giant. The fight had started well enough, but now, we were getting desperate. "There is nothing you can do, puny demigods! When the Earth Mother awakes, she shall destroy your petty, Western Civilization and we the Giants, shall stand at her side!" The bane of Zeus roared. "I don't know about you guys, but this guy is getting really annoying." Percy stated. "Let's show him what the power of the Olympians gods looks like. For the gods!" I battle cried, before bounding forward, my hammer spinning around my head and a feral scowl on my face. I dodged a clumsy foot stomp before smashing the giant's big toe, enticing a scream from the colossal immortal. He clutched his foot and hopped around, like someone would do in a cartoon. Seeing that he was defenseless, I bounded forward and smashed his other toe. He fell to the ground, where I walked to his head and beat it over and over again, trying to crush his boulder hard cranium. Since my plan didn't work, I began to conjurer waves of fire, so that I could consume his body with the deathly element, even though I knew it was a hopeless venture. As I was pounding the stupid Giant, my friends went to work on his brethren. Percy and Jason worked as a united force, impaling people with ice spikes and smiting them with high voltages of lightning. After Annabeth had saved the Athena Parthenos, her invisibility cap had started working again, so whenever a Giant suddenly reared in pain, I knew Annabeth had been there. Piper was back to back with Hazel. Both were demons on the battlefield, twirling in and out of the enemies guard. Each were weary and blood speckled but still they fought on. Hazel had tears in her eyes, since Arion had died moments before when he had been impaled by the sea god's bane. Frank Zhang was a ferocious dragon who burned and slashed his way through the enemy, before taking to the skies and swooping down on them yet again. I kept pounding on the moaning Giant's head, until I felt a searing pain erupt in my chest, as I was swatted to the side by his massive hand. I slammed into the unforgiving earth and rolled several times, before I shakily stood to my feet, clutching my side. "Behold the blood of Olympus!" The Giant King bellowed. I gasped, when I saw the blood trail, which I had created. I looked around at my friends to see none of them bleeding. They needed two people's blood. So who else was bleeding? A terrible thought wormed its way into my mind and I looked over and saw Arion's mangled corpse bleeding profusely. The blood of Olympus. The blood of the gods. Of course. The earth trembled, as it absorbed the blood. An explosion rocked the battlefield, as the earth exploded, to reveal a brown haired woman, rising from the ruined ground. Once she sat up, she opened her eyes to reveal green orbs glowering in our direction. She clumsily climbed to her feet, before she commanded in a slightly sleepy voice, "Kill the demigods; I have no use for the hybrids (What?)." The Giants bared their serrated teeth, before hefting their weapons and charged towards us, with a mighty war cry. "Wait!" A voice rang out. It was Gaea. She turned to me and smiled a sadistic smile. "Tsk, tsk, tsk. Leo Valdez. You should not have turned against me. You could have lived a happy life with Calypso, but now, that can't happen." She lifted her hand and from the dirt, a confused Calypso emerged. "Calypso!" I shouted, before charging forward, only to be thrown backwards by a Giant. I rolled several times, before I was helped to my feet by my friends. Calypso screamed my name, before sprinting toward me, only to have her path blocked by the primordial goddess of the earth. Gaea, smiling sadistically, picked up Calypso, as she struggled in the Gaea's grasp. Queen Dirt Face herself summoned a spear constructed of dirt. Locking eyes with me, she lifted the spear and pressed it against Calypso's chest. "No, no, no!" I sobbed, as Gaea continued her evil grin, before she shoved the massive dirt spear through the heart of my beloved. Calypso's head reared upwards in pain, as an agonizing scream echoed from her mouth, before she went limp. Ichor poured from her chest, as the spear pierced her heart. The golden liquid slowly turned red, as Gaea must have enchanted the blade. Calypso was gone. Forever. Gaea threw her torn body to the side, like a useless toy. "I'll kill you!" I shouted, before rushing forward, but being pulled back by Piper, who had tears in her eyes. "No! Let me go! I will kill that witch for what she did to Calypso." I roared, before viciously tearing myself away from Piper and burned the hand of the Giant. He roared in pain, before quickly pulling his hand away, giving me a clear path to Gaea. She grinned, before growing another ten feet. She lifted her finger and flicked me, causing me to fly through the air, only to be caught by Jason. He instantly set me down, with a look of hatred written on his face. He wanted the same thing as me; revenge. Gaea turned to her sons, saying, "Kill the hybrids (Hybrids? Do you mean half-bloods or something?); I have no use for them." The Giants grinned, before lumbering forward, ready to crush us into a pulp. So this is how it ends. The seven greatest demigods, forsaken by their parents and forced to fight in one of the most important wars ever. We were just children, who were forced to grow up and fight in wars. Forced to witness bloodshed and death, while we were pushed to fight in a hopeless battle against forces, which could crush us with their fingers. I sprinted backwards and stepped into line, right next to my friends. Each of us hefted our chosen weapon, defiance in our eyes. We would die fighting. I felt a spark of friendship erupt inside my chest. These people were willing to die, so that they could protect the world. So that they could protect me. We were family. We had each other's backs and were willing to do whatever it took, so that the mortals could live happy lives, even though we would never be able to share in it. That's what sacrifice was about. Sure it was difficult, but whoever said that it was easy? No one. I smiled one of my few genuine smiles, which they readily shared, with determination in their eyes. I was proud to call this group of people my friends. My family. There will always be dark days, where the light is smothered by the darkness, but don't lose hope, because there will always be another sunrise. Another day, another life. But when the time has come for you to leave this Earth, accept it happily, for you will go to a better place, where you can't be harmed or hurt ever again. (Good pep talk Leo) As the Giants slammed into us, I saw red. They killed Calypso. I would kill all of them. Each and every