Hey guys! Its MakaidosTheFirst and I just want to tell you that I rewrote three chapters and combined them into one, so some later chapters will say the incorrect chapter name, but it doesn't matter. Enjoy. I do not own PJO. But I do own Mark, Jessica, Abigail and Zack. Do you hear me? I OWN THEM! Cue evil laugh. Anyway enjoy. Third Person's POV Everything was quiet at Camp Half-Blood. No more wars. No more battles. No more slaughter. It was peaceful. The monsters had been greatly diminished and Gaea had been forced back into her slumber. The Greeks and Romans had gotten over their hatred of each other and vanquished the common enemy. However, there had been many casualties throughout the long war. There were many loses on both sides; Conner Stoll had been crushed by a Cyclopes' club. His brother, Travis, had not spoken for weeks, as he mourned the death of his fallen brother. Grover had also been defeated on the battlefield. He was fighting a hellhound, so that som of his brethren could run to safety, when an empousa stabbed him in the back. Octavian was executed for treason, because he attempted to assassinate The Seven, the Saviors of Olympus. Everything was back to normal, until a scream pierced the midnight air. THIS LINEBREAK IS AN AMAZING BREAK FOR A LINE. Percy woke up to a wave of pain, rushing through is body like a wild fire. He started to scream. He curled into a ball as fur started to coat his body, then his mouth grew until it became a snout and his teeth sharpened. He felt his nails grow into long wolf-like claws, which drew blood from his palms; because of the amount of force behind his squeezing. He felt... bloodthirsty. He wanted to kill, kill and kill again. He wanted to destroy everything in his path. But another part of him, his humanity, wanted to block out those thoughts. He felt like he was being controlled. He felt like he was no longer in control of his body. It was a terrifying experience. His body moved on its own account towards the door to his cabin. He felt his body slam into the door and he run in the moonlight. He saw the forest of Camp Half-Blood, with its tall pines rising thirty feet in the air. As he bounded into the forest, he couldn't deny that he enjoyed the feeling of running through the woods. It made him feel alive and free. It would have been better, however, if he had control of his body. After a running through the forest for a couple of minutes, he was forced to run to the edge of a cliff. He stopped at the edge of the overlook and marveled at the scenery. He could see everything; the rabbit darting across the forest floor far below, to the owls flying one hundred feet above. A sudden urge to howl swept through him, he resisted the urge, but he soon gave up, as the uknown force prodded him to howl into the night. Unhappily, he obliged and did as it wanted. He howled into the night air, but instantly stopped, when he heard the rustling of bushes behind him. He was compelled to crouch and slowly inch along the forest floor, towards the bushes. He saw a flash of blond, but could only watch hopelessly, as he was forced to pounce on the being in front of him. He slammed into the creature and knocked it to the ground, before backing away, as it lay there stunned. He caught a glimpse of a familiar yet terrified face. It was Annabeth. Unwillingly, his legs clenched and he pounced onto his beloved. Annabeth's POV I was lying on my bed, awoken by yet another nightmare, where I was trapped in Tartarus, when I heard a blood curdling scream echo throughout the silent camp. I was up in a flash. I was dressed and almost to the door, when I tripped on a flat surface. "Vlacas" I muttered, before climbing to my feet. My siblings were scrambling around as well. Malcolm, my brother, came up to me and said, "Are you okay?" I responded, "I'm fine." He responded with a nod of his head, before we both went outside to investigate the booming scream, which had woken up the entire camp. Everybody was up and rushing around, except for the Poseidon Cabin. I snorted. Percy could sleep through anything. Unless… He already made it to the Big House. As all of us traveled to the Big House to find some answers, I searched for Percy, but I couldn't find him. Well, he can take care of himself… Right? Before we could knock on the door of the Big House, it opened reavling Chiron, our activities director. Upon seeing us, he immediately ushered us inside, no doubt trying to find out where the scream originated from. Malcolm and I were one of the first ones in, so we were able to sit on the couches, as we waited for everyone to file in. Once everyone was inside the large building, I had a nagging feeling that someone I knew was missing. Chiron, asked, "Does anyone know where that scream came from?" An Apollo camper responded, "I think it came from the Poseidon Cabin." I started to panic, how I had not thought of that before? I left my boyfriend! I panicked, before scrambling out the door and sprinting as fast as I could to the Poseidon Cabin, with Malcolm at my heels. We rushed down to the cabins and stopped. The door was splinters. How did we not notice that before? I shifted to a guarded stance, as I slowly walked through the ruined door, with my drakon boned sword at the ready. I immediately turned on the lights and gasped at what I saw. The whole room looked like a tornado had swept through it. The bed was in shreds, the tables were broken and the chairs were smashed. But that was not the most disturbing part. There was blood splashed onto the bed , with a trail of the crimson liquid leading outside.. Whatever came through here snatched my boyfriend and I am going to get him back. I snatched a flashlight off of his dresser and followed the trail outside. He can't be dead… He can't be dead… He can't be dead… I repeated over and over in my head as I followed the trail. It lead into the forest. By now, everyone had caught up to us and saw the blood. I heard Chiron's voice ring throughout the crowd, "split into small groups. It will be the easiest way to find him the fastest. Younger campers please return to your cabins, as we figure out this problem." Everyone did as he asked and I soon grabbed a couple of my cabin mates. Mine had Mark, Jessica, Abigail and Zack. Mark had dark brown hair, instead of blond, as most children of Athena had and he was five feet eleven inches. Jessica, strangely, was not very scared of spiders, as once she heard their mistress was dead, she rejoiced and said, "They won't dare harm us, as we could squash them lie a… bug." She was also five feet six inches, with strawberry blond hair. Abigail had blond hair and was five feet ten inches. She also had an insane snake loving problem, one time she filled the entire Big House walls with the slithering critters. Zack had blond hair and was six feet zero inches. Like all of my siblings, they had grey eyes and an athletic build. We trudged into the forest, looking for Percy. We journeyed along the forest floor, looking for clues as to where Percy could have gone, but didn't find any. After minutes of walking, we heard something rustling in the bushes. I instantly shifted into a defensive fighter's stance and brandished my sword, ready to fight off whatever was lurking in the shadows. As it grew closer and closer, I realized it was a small snake as long as a pencil. On closer examination, I saw its skin was covered with weird runes. Abigail, being the snake lover that she was, went up to it and attempted to grab it. Probably not her best idea. It lunged and sunk its tiny fangs into her hand. She instantly collapsed and started to flail around, convulsing and vomiting.. The snake, after pumping all of its venom into its victim, slithered into the woods. I screamed to Jessica, "Go get Chiron, quick!" I watched helplessly as Abigail died, one minute before Chiron arrived. Chiron galloped in with Jessica on his back, but I just shook my head at him. He sadly carried her body back to camp, where we would later construct a shroud. I suddenly heard a howl come from behind the bushes in front of us, so I motioned for my siblings to stay back, as I stepped through the bushes, onto a rocky outcrop. Suddenly, I was plowed over by a black shadow and all the air was knocked out of me, as I slammed into the rocky ground. Stunned, I lie there for a couple of seconds, until I learned how to breathe. I took in great gulps of the element, before scrambled around, until I spotted my drakon bone sword a couple of feet away from me. I looked up and located the creature, which had run me over. It was a massive wolf the size of a semi-truck, it was black and its eyes were red and green. Its eyes held a look of remorse in them, as it clenched its legs and pounced. I quickly rolled to the side and climbed to my feet, before I called for help. I quickly retrieved my drakon bone sword from the ground, just as my siblings poured through the bushes, only to halt and stare transfixed on the beast before them. It pounced again, but not at me. Zack swung his sword, but was too late as the creature landed on him and with one quick slash of its claws, Zack's chest was shredded. Mark, being the brave, yet stupid person that he is, charged and stabbed it in the bum. It roared in pain, before quickly turning around, only to be shot in the shoulder. I heard Jessica curse as the arrow missed its mark. I charged, but was quickly knocked aside, as beast swatted me with its paw and I went airborne. Miraculously, I landed in a pile of leaves. I quickly rose up and returned to the battle. Things were fairing badly, as Mark had a broken arm and was fighting the wolf, while Jessica was trying her best to distract the beast with her arrows. The wolf zigzagged Mark's swing and was about to finish him off if not for an arrow in the face. It immediately fell over and stopped moving, we all started towards Zack to see if he was still alive. Sadly, He was dead. We started to mourn our fallen sibling, but I said," We better go so we can get medical attention for Mark, before he passes out from blood loss." We just started walking home, when suddenly Jessica was hit by something and she fell over. We turned around to see that the wolf was still alive and was currently chewing on Jessica's head. We gasped as we saw that all of its wounds were healed. We then heard a sickening crunch, as the wolf bit off Jessica's head. We immediately charged, even though we knew there was no hope. I was instantly slammed into a tree and was seeing stars. I knew my ribs were broken and that I had no chance at fighting. Mark laid a couple of feet away from me on his stomach, bleeding heavily, I did not know if he was breathing. The