Reagan Reagan awoke to her friend Mack screaming, or at least what she thought was him. It was very high pitched and it felt like Reagans ears were going to fall right off "We're here" he said shaking a confused Reagan awake. "What's going on? Are you ok?" She asked trying desperately to keep her eyes open "Everything's fine. I was just trying to wake you up. What the last thing you remember?" He questioned her. His eyes bore right through her and she was slightly afraid to look him in the eye "Um" she said trying really hard to think of the last thing she did that day "I was with you and we were at school and we were playing basketball with some others and then…well I had a dream" Mack nodded urging her to continue. She didn't really want to tell him about it. She was still thinking it was a little crazy… but I guess she had to. "Well the kids we were playing with, well the dream versions, they trend into giants, well small giants, and they had really strange tattoos. They tried to attack us and well…that's really all I remember" The dream had sounded even crazier than she thought as she recounted it but Mack looked relieved he muttered something that was barely audible but sounded something like 'thank the gods' "Look that wasn't a dream" he said. She was stunned for a minute then smiled at the innocence of her friend "Do you think this is a joke?" She stated. Mack definitely was a joker. But that doesn't mean that his jokes were ever good, or that this was one of them. "It's not a joke" he reassured pulling her up from the ground. She still didn't believe him, or really understand but she decided to give them the benefit of the doubt, "You said we're here" she said "where's here?" She had so many questions and she wanted them answered. "Oh I just said that to get your attention" he said "but we'll get where we're going by tonight, tomorrow at the latest" Reagan stood there staring at her friend, confused "Where are we going?" She asked pushing her long dark brown hair out of her eyes. "Look it doesn't matter right now we just need to get you back home!" "So you just expect me to just go with you, blindly even though I only met you two weeks ago?" It was true Reagan had only came to Rydell high two weeks ago and now Mack was acting like he owned her or something. "And besides" she added "I'm actually really starting to like this family…" Reagan had been through tons of foster homes nobody was ever nice to her, especially the people who were supposed to be taking care of her. Her wits got her through it though, she was always one step ahead of them. "I know but your not safe here. Now come on" he said attempting to drag her out the door. She forced herself to stay put "Not until you explain. At least a little" she was always a really stubborn person putting logic before anything and she needed to make sense of it all before she could actually be sure that she wanted to leave. "Fine" he said "but can we at least go back to your house first?" She sighed before getting up and leading him towards her house which was only a few blocks away. She was afraid (something she didn't feel often having ran from foster homes multiple times) but an even stronger emotion came through her. Confusion. She had experienced that many times. Not that she liked to admit it. But whatever Mack wanted to tell her…well it has to be big or else he wouldn't be acting like this. When they arrived at the house the door was unlocked. As always. Unlike the people before who made sure Reagan had stayed in all these people wanted was for her to run free. It was nice to have a bit of a change. They ran upstairs to Reagan's room which was your average sized bedroom covered wall to wall with posters of all the musicians and bands that she liked. Her floor was littered with CD cases and drawings. Her room was pretty empty because every time she ran she could only take so much. And there were bits and pieces of things she tried (and failed miserably) to build everywhere. It looked like a normal teenagers room but whatever was about to happen would probably be anything but normal. "So you said you'd give me answers" she said to Mack as he sat down. "Right that" he said fumbling with the zipper of his coat "Umm…" all she wanted was to understand and Mack was not even giving her that. "Well you probably won't believe me but…actually this is really hard to explain" Reagan was starting to get a little frustrated. She had tried so hard to get information out of him and was so close to getting what she wanted but it was just out of reach. "Look tell me I'm crazy I don't care but…" he sighed like he had been preparing for this or something "your a demigod" she was to stunned to speak. This didn't make any sense but she new he was telling the truth. He would never lie to her. She vaguely remembered what had been taught to her, in her fifth year of grade school, about Greek heroes. "You mean…one of my parents is a god?" He nodded looking slightly green like he was about to throw up all over her. This was definitely hard for her to take in. She couldn't remember her mother although she had known she'd seen her and her father had disappeared when she was a little girl. There was no recognition on who her godly parent was or even if they were male or female. Just thinking about it made her head hurt. "Are you sure?" She sad "I think you've got the wrong girl. I don't…I've never felt to godly" it was the truth, she had had a rough life. Before she had thought demigods were fortunate. But now she didn't believe that was the case. He just nodded again. "And you said…those midget Giants were real? How?" She sort of knew the answer already. If the gods and heroes from the ancient stories really existed then the monsters had to exist to. With everything good there's always something bad. "I think you know" he said flatly. "And they're called laistrygonians. When they attacked you fought well for your first time but it took effort and because of that you passed out. Only after you had defeated them though" he added like that was supposed to make her feel any better. She had tried to battle midget Giants (or laistrygonians whatever) and had passed out. And now she had to go to some unknown place, when she actually like the family she was staying at. "Right" she said "where are we going anyways?" "Camp half blood" he said like that was a totally normal thing to say "Really? That's what the place is called? It sounds kind of…racist" "It's a safe place for demigods" he said so easily like he had explained this dozens of times. "We're leaving early tomorrow so I suggest you pack. Not like you should really take much anyways" he stood up and walked towards my door "I'll explain it more tomorrow but I have to go now alright?" She nodded. He closed the door and she slumped into her bed. It all seemed crazy and she had no idea who her parent was. She remembered her mom more so it must be her dad. But she didn't know which god it was. She decided to let it go and grabbed her phone and popped in her earbuds. She turned her music up super loud and tried really hard to fall asleep but she didn't succeed. She just lay there trying to pay close attention to the lyrics. Her thoughts kept drifting until eventually she fell asleep. Reagan If you've ever wondered what monster blood tastes like you don't want to know. Reagan woke to Mack looking at her. He didn't give her any explanation just that they had to leave. Now. She grabbed what she could and stuffed it all in a small bag that said SOLO on it. Even though she had no idea what that was supposed to mean. She grabbed her iPod and shoved it in there too thinking she's probably need some comfort music wherever they were going. She decided to not ask many questions. As much as she found this strange and that it might not even be true, she trusted Mack. The real problem was her foster mother. As soon as they got downstairs there wasn't a single question she didn't ask. "Where are you going?" The first of many. Let's spare the details. "To…school" she answered but she mentally facepalmed. Today was Saturday. And there was no way Reagan would be caught dead at school on a Saturday. But her mother didn't seem to catch on. Not until her little sister Jamie came running down the stairs in her pyjamas. "Wait…" she questioned "No time got to go" she said running outside with Mack following close behind her. "Alright" Reagan said finally breaking the silence between the two best friends "where to" "Long Island" he answered. She gaped at him. Long Island was over 1000 miles away from her home in Orlando. "Don't worry" he continued "well get a little boost". As soon as he said it Reagan saw these winds. Or something like that. "What are those?" She nearly screamed as the little winds lifted her up and in a second she appeared on the ground in what she thought to be Long Island Sound. Instantly a feeling of dizziness passed over her and she nearly fell down. "Ok what just happend?" "They're Venti" he answered referring to the winds. She remembered reading something like that for class one time. "Wind spirits?" She guessed. He nodded. "Let's just hope we don't face any monsters along the way" "Wait monsters?!" "I told you already I'll tell you later" he said smirking then he took off his shoes and bolted. Well it looked a lot more like a trot actually. "Whatever" she said to nobody in particular and ran after him. That's when she saw the strangest thing ever. It was large and scaly and instead of hair there were snakes. Living snakes. The creature neared huge fangs. That's when Mack looked at her and she knew it was either fight or run. And she was never a very good runner. She had nothing to fight with so she picked the first thing out of her bag she could lay a hand on. A yellow sparkly pencil. Great weapon she thought as she walked towards the giant monster. She racked her brain trying to, as fast as she could, figure out what this monster was. Gorgon that's it she thought racking her brain for a weakness, nothing. That's just great! The one time she doesn't remember something it's extremely important. She thrust the pencil into the monster it barely poked it and it snapped in half. For a second the monster was to dumbfounded to do anything but the pencil stab only made it angry. "Run!" Mack called "camp isn't very far" "No way! It's too fast! I need to kill it!" She had no idea where the sudden burst of bravery came from, just a second ago she would've done anything just to run and hide now all she wanted to do was fight. Mack sighed "Fine! I guess you'll need this then" he said tossing her a bronze blade that would've cut her hand off if she hadn't grasped it correctly "Nice