In Another Life -In another life, maybe they could love each other. -Notes: The POV's change frequently. Rated M for language and possible adult themes. (Gale's POV) I had always associated fire with death. Until I met her . She was beautiful and she radiated the fire inside her. Katniss Everdeen was my first crush. I met her in the woods one day. I had set up traps for wild animals earlier that day. I went to check up on them and spotted her as she stared at a rabbit hung by a trap. Katniss moved her arm to touch it. "You know, stealing is illegal." I said. She squeaked and fell backwards. She blushed and tried to avoid my gaze. "I wasn't going to steal it." She mumbled. I laughed and handed the rabbit. "What's your name?" Katniss grazed her fingers over the animal and looked at me with gratitude. "K-Katniss." "Catnip?" I asked, raising a brow. "No! Katniss!" She frowned at me. "You should speak up Katniss." She did not reply and ran back into the Seam, the poor part of town. I watched as her braid disappeared around a corner and chuckled. Since then, I had run into her in the woods and in school. We were in the same grade. "How come you go into the woods?" I asked her one afternoon as she strung a bow. "Huh?" Katniss looked up. "How come you go into the woods?" I repeated. She looked down at her worn leather boots and did not reply. I decided to not press further and changed the subject. "Met any boys?" Katniss choked on some water she drank from a canteen. "Excuse me?" I set down another snare and sat down across from her. "Katniss has a boyfriend!" I gushed mockingly. I felt a pang of jealousy, then reminded myself that I was just a friend. She scowled. "Shut up." She fitted the string on her bow and tested the strength of it by pulling it back. Seeming satisfied, Katniss placed it next to her. "It must seem funny." I looked at her questionably. "A sixth grader, hunting to keep her family alive. I bet all the other girls are watching movies and obsessing over their nails right now." She sighed. "I would anything to have a normal life." "Are you saying this," I gestured to the snares and the dead deer behind her, "isn't normal?" I was a little hurt. "In the eyes of the average sixth grader, yes." I stood up suddenly. "Thanks." I spat bitterly. I turned to walk away. Sometimes, I don't know if Katniss is my friend or not. She knew how hard it was for me to support my three siblings and mother and she decides to say that I'm weird for doing this. "I didn't mean-" "I know exactly what you meant." I said coldly and left her in the woods. We both apologized later on, and our friendship strengthened over the years as we saved each other's families. (Katniss' POV) I blew a strand of my hair out of eyes and tried not to fall asleep during Mr. Abernathy's lecture on the Fertile Crescent. I stared out the window that was close to the teacher's desk. Dandelions littered the fields outside of the school. My eyes widened and I grew excited by the second. Prim wouldn't starve today. "Ms. Everdeen, is there something exciting outside of the window?" "Tigris River." I said and continued staring outside without realizing what happened. Many of classmates snickered, bringing me out of my small burst if happiness. "Huh?" Mr. Abernathy glared at me. "Ms. Everdeen, please speak to me after class." "Goody two shows got in trouble!" Cato Stone, who sat next to me, whispered to me. "What were you imagining? Your father?" I clenched my fist. I don't know how he found out about my dad, but I would not let him get under my skin. "Maybe if you get angry enough, you'll burn up just like your dad." He said louder than he had meant. Cato shut his mouth and smiled at Mr. Abernathy, who had focused on Cato and I after he had heard what he said. The rest of the class became silent and their whispered conversations stopped. Everyone knew about my dad and how he got drunk and let the mine explode, killing countless men. I was hated after everyone found out and I became the loner of my grade. I felt nothing but blinding anger that put aside all of my common sense. I seethed, "Shut up." I resisted the urge to punch Cato in his smug little face. "Is there something wrong?" He glared at the two of us. "Nothing at all." I said sweetly. The bell rang and I remained in my seat. I watched as everyone left and one boy, I don't know his name, but he had blonde hair and blue eyes, shot me a sympathetic look. "Katniss, are you having problems at home?" I snapped my head up. Mr. Abernathy never called his students by first name. "No." I whisper. "I'm not ignorant, Katniss. I saw you looking at the dandelions. I also know that you can eat them and I noticed that you are getting skinnier and skinner every day." I stayed silent. "I can help if you-" "No!" I shout, surprising him and myself. "I don't need your damn charity and now everyone probably thinks that I'm some street rat that's desperate enough to eat weeds!" I storm out of his room, my bag over my shoulder. As I was at my locker, Cato cornered me and his friends joined in my torment. "If you ever get me in trouble Everdeen, I'll burn you up just like your dad." Cato shoved me into a locker. I gasped in pain as the sharp edge of a locker cut my back. "Do you think she'll work in a mine too?" Glimmer Bluebell, a girl vying for Cato's attention sneered at me. "Yeah, she's so poor they'll have to let her." Marvel Phillips said. "Leave Katniss alone." A girl stood in front of me. "Clove?" Cato's expression softened. Katniss rolled her eyes as discreetly as she could. Cato was so smitten with Clove Thorman. "You leave her alone. Just because her father was terrible doesn't mean she is too." "What happened to you Clove? We used to be friends until that came along." Glimmer glared at me. "I realized that you guys were rude and disgusting." She pulled on my arm and we walked away from them. Clove looked at me. "You okay?" She asked as she straightened my worn grey shirt and brushes hair out of eyes. I nodded and readjusted the strap of my tattered and old bag in my shoulder. I started to leave, then she stopped me. "Oh no, you're walking with me to lunch. There's no way I'm letting you get bullied by those imbeciles." Clove pushed her black rimmed 'hipster' glasses up her nose. She turned to walk to the lunchroom and I followed her. "Why are you being so nice to me?" Clove looked at me incredulously. "It would have been inhumane to let you get bullied." "Thank you." I mumbled. When we entered the lunchroom, I started to walk to the table in the corner where I sat by myself and just did some homework since I can't afford to bring lunch. "I see you everyday at that damned table with nothing to eat. Come sit with my friends." She grabbed my arm and dragged me to her table. The boy who looked at me after class was there, a girl with choppy brown hair sat next to him, a red-haired girl sat next to her. My eyes widen when Finnick Odair and Thom Ryves sit on the other side of the table. They were the most popular guys in the school. What would a girl like me, an antisocial freak, sit at the same table was them? "I can't sit here!" I screech into Clove's ear. I yank my arm out of her grip and run to the bathroom. I usually hide there when I have to think about what the hell is happening. (Johanna's POV) I was munching on some chips when Clove is dragging Katniss Everdeen to her table. I don't have anything against her, but why would she bring the most hated ninth grader here? Katniss looked genuinely frightened when Thom and Finnick sat down and she ran out of the lunchroom. Poor girl, she must of been sheltered as a child. "What was that?" Annie asked as she stared at Clove. Clove sighed. "Katniss was getting bullied by Cato and his stupid friends again, so I stood up for her and brought her here to sit but she freaked and ran." She sat down and huffed as she ate her ham sandwich. "Well, I guess she's not comfortable sitting with a lot of people." Thom reasoned as he did math homework he had forgotten to do until now. "Yeah, she sits by herself and she has a breakdown when she has to present to the class." Annie said. "Not that there's anything wrong with that. I'm sure Katniss is a nice girl." "I just wanted to introduce her to you guys so she could have some friends. I feel bad for her." Clove mumbled as she stared at her sandwich. I stood up and started to walk to the bathroom. "Be right back guys. Don't miss me." As I walked into the bathroom, I heard muffled crying and an occasional drip on the tiled floor. I looked under the gap on the stall door, ignoring my moral values, and saw shreds of a picture on the ground on the floor and worn boots. "Katniss?" I gasp. No one else wore those boots. I banged on the door and hoped that she was fine. No response. I looked at the gap between the door and the floor. I sized myself up to the gap and squeezed under the door into the stall. Katniss was sitting on the toilet and murmuring to herself. "Katniss are you okay?" She looks up at me and a tear goes down her cheek. "Go away." "What's wrong?" I ask. She's been crying over something and I look at the torn up picture on the floor. I think I saw Thom's face, but I'm not sure. I mulled over this, and put he pieces together. "You like Thom?" She clamped her hand over my mouth. "Someone might hear!" I hear footsteps walking away in the distance. I shake the thought away. It was probably my imagination. "Is that why you didn't sit with us?" Katniss laughed. "Yes. It's stupid isn't it?" I lifted her chin. "It isn't. Everyone can have a crush. I'll keep this between us, okay?" I pull her up and we walk out of the bathroom. "This never happened." I said as pushed her into the lunchroom. Katniss walked to her table and I walked to mine shortly afterwards. "Look who's back! How was your massive shit?" Finnick snickered. "Screw you Odair." (Thom's POV) Something in Johanna's body language had changed. "What happened in the bathroom Jo? You seem different." I asked. "Before you say nothing, you and I both know that's complete bullshit, so tell me the truth." She sat down and stared at the table. "I don't think I should tell you guys." Annie gasped and Peeta looked hurt. "Are you saying you don't trust us?" Annie yelled, attracting eyes from nearby tables. "Nothing to see here!" I shout at them. I drop my voice. "Yeah, what Annie said." Johanna snorted. "You guys suck. What happened was really emotional and between me and Katniss." Finnick placed a hand over his mouth mockingly. "Did you girls take a shit in the same stall? I heard that you never go back after doing that." Clove choked on her water.