IN THE DISTANCE OF BRAVERY CHAPTER ONE THE LETTER August swung in slowly that year, and I was beginning to lose it. It was a queer, sultry summer, with the bay shivering in the withdrawal of its partner and the sunflowers blossoming marvellously in a gaudy remembrance. With the heat came a letter, one whose arrival I had dreaded for years. I stare at the letter lying on my desk, half-expecting the jingle to begin playing again. The pink, heart-shaped confetti billows gently to the floor around me, as reality starts hauling its iron fist at me. I'm slightly at a loss for words as silence takes its place, chokingly stiff as it presses on my throat like water. Five years of nothing and now this? I kind of preferred the silent treatment instead. Anything is better than this. I've heard of singing birthday-cards, but this is taking it just one step too far. The telegram morphs into a rose before my eyes, delicate and pink. I try to find him somewhere in the frilly ornament, but I'm forced to look away before the nostalgia burns me. It was a surrender of sorts; it was my surrender to the workings of the universe. Because star-crossed lovers or not, him and I belonged only to each other in between the shadows of summer. Even in the distance, with the ocean reaching far out into the corners of our hearts, the quiet sonata of his voice still reached me across borders. It called to me, like wishes passing you in a kaleidoscope parade; it was a quiet whisper that my heart was still too young to make a mantra of but I recognized it with an ancient familiarity. It's quiet for too long. Their names still stretch out in extravagant letters on the flower, pompous and formal, stinging my eyes. I wish they had been erased; each letter cuts shards of glass off my heart. You are cordially invited to – "What was that?" Scorpius, my best friend, co-worker and ally, is leaning in across my cubicle, eyeing the delicate rose in my hand. "That -" I brush away the confetti hearts from my desk, willing my hands to stop shaking. "Was my invitation to hell." He glances at me over his dark rimmed glasses. "Sounds riveting." He's wearing magenta robes and has his dirty blonde hair up in a ponytail that rivals every woman's hair-dos in the room. He looks like a fashionista who's misguided his way into the journalists' corner with his bulging arms and high-fashion clothes. "It's not. Trust me." I avoid his pale eyes, sweeping the paper rose into a drawer, shutting it quickly in a feeble attempt to keep the past from creeping out. When I look up, Scorpius is still eyeing me. He's one of the few people who has dealt with so many fucked up things in his life that he has now come to depend on drama instead of the other way around. It's been this way ever since we met, in the middle of Mumbai's dusty streets, eyeing tourist maps and dreaming big. We're still dreaming big, we're just not traveling the world anymore. "Come on," he says, thankfully not pushing it further. "Catchlove's called an emergency meeting. Best not be late." Miranda Catchlove's conference room is pink enough to fulfil every six-year-old girl's fluffiest fantasies. Toothpick smiles blind us from the thousands of celebrity pictures on the wall, each smile and pose more provocative than the next. They are all waving frantically at us when we enter the room. We take a seat at the corner of the wide oak-table, as far down the table from Miranda's throne as possible. Scorpius immediately pulls out quill and paper, scribbling across the paper in bold bulky letters, POSH JUICY ASSEMBLY like the overachiever he is. Right across from us at the head of the table, stands Miranda's chair. It's still empty, but attention-seeking and outrageous even in its emptiness, much like its owner. Like all other of Catchlove's things, it's pink and shaped like a beating heart. It's an eerie tribute to my letter and life in general and I do not appreciate the reference. "Love your nails," Scorpius gushes, instantly making me feel better. "Thanks." I had them done yesterday with small sunflowers covering each long smooth surface. Now they're nervously tapping against the smooth surface of the oak. The room slowly fills as our crew takes their seat, each chattering loudly and carrying bucketful of coffee. Mostly women work here, delivering the juiciest gossip to the world. Scorpius is the only man working for Witch Weekly, an accomplishment he's sure to mention frequently. At last, Miranda Catchlove enters the room, followed closely by her ever-faithful Quick-Quotes Quill. Immediately, the entire room of journalists falls silent at the telltale clickity-click of Miranda's impossibly high shoes. "Enchanted, enchanted as always," Miranda peeps in her shrill voice, the door slamming closed behind her. She is not big, nor loud, but there is something about a woman who's both beautiful and ambitious, which beckons people to listen to her. "So." Miranda's smile is wide, her signature burgundy lips, puckering delicately. "I've called you here as an announcement was made this morning." Scorpius is practically jumping up and down in his seat with excitement, his Quick-Quote Quill skipping across the page along with him. "I knew it –" he hisses in my ear. "It's the wedding!" Catchlove's yellow eyes find mine across the wide stretch of the table. "Ted Lupin, Godson of Harry Potter, announced his upcoming wedding today." An excited murmur passes through the crowd, buzzing like a hive of bees. I shift in my seat. Miranda silences the room with one manicured hand. "We all know how – ahem – secretive the Potters are. However, that does not mean that we will not deliver juicy details about this wedding." Her smile stretches wickedly. "We are, after all, Witch Weekly , are we not?" Every single head in the room is lifted in excitement. The Potters have always been considered front-news, and with a guy like Teddy, who's practically Harry's son, the profit of such news would be enough to pay our rent for a year. "As an encouragement, I've decided to hold a teeny competition." Miranda's gaze sweeps the room, pausing for a second on me. "And with a competition, naturally, a prize must come." You can practically slice the tension in the room. Scorpius is leaning closer and closer to Miranda, practically lying across the table, his quill scribbling furiously behind him in jerky movements. "The prize to whoever brings me the scoop, is a feature of your own choosing as well as a raise." There is a collective intake of air as the words leave her mouth. Like the word-hungry journalists that we are, we are all dreaming of larger paychecks and greater recognition. Even Scorpius, who's practically running the largest and most popular column in Witch Weekly, is hanging by her every word, his eyes glinting. "So." Miranda's lips curl as she straightens. "Before we begin, I'd like to hear if anyone's got anything?" All hell breaks loose. People are yelling at the top of their lungs, competing for attention. "I have the number of Ted Lupin's old classmate…" "His ex-girlfriend, Victoire…" "… his Auror mentor…" "Ted's dog-sitter –" I shrink further and further into my chair, watching with horror as my co-workers spit out name after name, one more useless than the next. "Well, you certainly have ideas… " Miranda rubs her face with her hands. "Do we even know the bride's name?" Immediately, the room falls silent. Miranda's gaze follows me, her mouth soft. She does not call my name, but I reach forward nonetheless, involuntarily holding my breath. "So unprepared, so unprepared, really dreadful indeed… Disap-" "Pippa Montjoy." Every single head turns to look at me. I bite my lip, waiting. A smirk filters across Miranda's mouth, so briefly that I almost think I've imagined it. "Good." She appraises me with the slightest nod. "It seems that at least Weasley has brought her a-game today." I can feel Scorpius's gaze turned on me, gaping. I look straight ahead, meeting the hard stare of my boss. "And how, may I ask, do you know this?" She presses her quill against the corner of her mouth, one perfectly shaped eyebrow raised quizzically. "Who are your sources?" "A-anonymous – I don't know – i-it's hard to explain." I mumble the last bit, flustered and embarrassed as Miranda continues to study me. "You'll have to do better than that." It comes off properly, stiff. "Journalists can't just know –" I nod, looking up for a bit of effort. "I – I –" "She's invited to the wedding," Scorpius chimes in beside me. "I saw the invite." I stare at him and we catch each other in a moment, my eyes narrowed at his betrayal. He looks away first. Miranda sets her eyes on me. "Is this true, Weasley?" I hesitate before nodding. Every single face in the room is now glaring at me. "Just got the invite." My ears feel about ready to pop off with the heat. "Perfect." A slow smile spreads across her lips. "You'll be our eyes and ears on location. This wedding will not go uncovered. Not this time." The entire room is sizzling with envy at this point. I smile softly, ignoring the glares. "She has a Plus One," Scorpius pipes up. My smile stiffens and I begin to wonder how long he has been spying at me. I thought I had muffled the song quite splendidly. Obviously, I was wrong. "Malfoy, you'll be Weasley's Plus One, then." Miranda nods. "I expect great moving stuff, guys. That means tear-jerking fluffiness. You know our readers; housewives, housewives and more housewives." She nails me with her yellow eyes. I nod and try to push some sort of smile. I've never really liked Miranda. Beside me, I can feel Scorpius's smile radiating. "Always, Miranda love!" The meeting is adjourned and everyone files out of the office in a symphony of clicking heels. I stay behind, pretending to look through some papers. Miranda is idly flipping through our latest edition, obvious to my presence. I dry my sweaty palms on my skirt, clearing my throat. "Um, Miranda?" "Yes, Weasley?" She does not glance up from the magazine and I step forward, the soft patter of my heels urging me on. "Well – um. I – I wasn't really planning on going to that wedding, see?" Finally, Miranda stops flipping through her magazine and looks at me, her cat-like eyes scrutinizing. "And why would you do something as stupid as that?" I shrink, reddening slightly. "I… personal reasons?" Miranda stares at me in silence for a long time. Finally she packs away her stuff and gets to her feet. Standing, she barely reaches my shoulder, yet I feel like an ant being squashed slowly but surely underneath her feet. "Weasley," she sighs. "Do you want to rate the best dressed celebrities at the Snitches for the rest of your life?" "N-n-no –" "Then go to the wedding." She squeezes my shoulder. "Write a beautiful piece about the blushing bride with all the juicy details of the drama inside the Wizarding World's golden family. I'll give you all you want afterwards." She walks to the door, pausing half-way out. "Oh, and Wesley?" She smiles sweetly. "Don't bother coming back without a story." She leaves me standing in the pink room with my scream still lodged in a silent surrender in my throat. I stand there for some time, reeling at the development, trying to master the clock, the seconds, the soft ticker of my life rolling back into place. I feel like I'm on a train, slowly returning to a place I had deemed ended; considered concluded. When I finally exit the room, Scorpius is waiting for me by my desk, excitement jumping in