DISCLAIMER: All characters, plot lines, and dialogue you may recognize belongs to Rick Riordan. I wish no personal gain from this story; this is merely for the fun of it. Author's note: Happy Birthday, Percy. If you find any mistakes, tell me (whether in a review or PM, I don't care). - Δαιδαλώδης - Paul's grandparents used to joke around and say that they would never see the day when they came across a girl that was good enough for him. He'd found it funny that anyone could think of Paul in that way, at the time. But now... Boy, were my grandparents wrong... Paul wasn't sure that he was good enough for a person like Sally Jackson. She was beautiful, all the way from her long brown hair, streaked with gray, to her ever-changing eyes, to her feet. She was warm, patient, and just plain good . "Paul?" Whoops. Paul caught himself staring at her, yet again. "Sorry. Yes?" Sally laughed, her eyes crinkling at the edges and her lips pulling into a beautiful smile. They were sitting at a restaurant in the Upper-East side of Manhattan. The place wasn't expensive, nor was it fancy. Just a normal, three-star restaurant that everyday people went to. Yeah, and Paul wouldn't have it any other way. "So...do you cook?" Sally asked Paul. Paul cringed. It seemed to be a casual question, but he cared too much about her opinion of him to let her down. Yet, he knew that he needed to maintain a reel of honesty. What was a relationship if you couldn't be honest? "No," Paul admitted. "My mom always tried to teach me, but it never worked. My kitchen skills are limited to macaroni-and-cheese." There it was again—that smile, that laugh. Paul cleared his throat before continuing. "Do you cook?" Sally's laughter died down enough for her to answer. Her soft eyes twinkled as she said, "Oh, yes. I love to cook. Blue cookies are my specialty—my son and I have this joke about blue food. It's almost all he eats." Paul chuckled at this statement for only a moment before the full extent of the words washed over him—"You have a son ?" he blurted. The beautiful woman's face clouded with a confused expression, before thinking back to her previous sentence and saying, "Yes, haven't I mentioned him before?" Numbly, Paul shook his head. But he immediately started picturing a four-year-old little bundle of joy with brown hair and twinkling eyes like his mother. The fact that Sally had a son didn't really bother him—it was just shocking, having it sprung on him like that, with the casualty of one discussing the weather with an acquaintance. Sally's face turned hard—which was odd, considering Paul had never seen her get angry with anyone. Paul hadn't thought that Sally was capable of being angry. Yet, when she spoke, her voice was calm and polite. "Is there a problem with that?" "No, of course not!" Paul said without hesitation. "That's...that's—er—great! It's just...why haven't I seen him before?" For a second, she looked pained, but she said, "Oh, he—he goes to a boarding school. It's not far, but it's not like he can leave campus." "Oh..." Paul didn't know what to say to that, so he didn't. He just changed the subject and continued to laugh with Sally until dinner was over. That's not to say that Paul wasn't curious. - Δαιδαλώδης - Sally had left her coat in Paul's Prius. The moment Paul saw it still sitting in his backseat when he got home, he took advantage of it. Use the girl's jacket as an excuse to see her again. That was exactly what he was doing. It was four in the afternoon, and it was cold. Paul got out of his car when he pulled up to Sally's apartment complex, grabbed Sally's coat from the backseat, and took the stairs up to the floor she was on. When he was standing in front of the door, he took a deep breath, smiled to himself, and knocked three times. He waited for a few moments for the door to open...and was met with a sight that he definitely was not expecting. There was a boy standing in the doorway. He wasn't that tall for around his age (which looked to be about fourteen, though the expression on his face made him look older). He had black, messy hair and a neutral expression on his face, meaning he wasn't smiling, nor was he frowning. But what caught Paul's attention most was his eyes. They were sea-green, and they were alert, as if he was expecting some sort of attack at any second. The boy wasn't standing still; his fingers were tapping against his legs and his right foot was tapping against the floor subconsciously. Paul took a step back and checked the apartment number beside the door. Nope, he wasn't in the wrong place. He looked back to the boy standing in front of him. After clearing his throat, Paul said intelligently, "Er—I'm...I'm looking for Sally Jackson?" The way his voice rose at the end made it sound like a question. The boy studied him for a second more, and then said, "She's in her room, working...I'm her son, Percy Jackson." Paul felt his eyes widen. Percy Jackson? This was Sally's son? Obviously, this was not what Paul had been expecting when Sally had mentioned her son. That little four-year-old bundle of joy? Gone. And this-warrior looking child took his place. Paul held his hand out. "I'm Paul Blofis." Percy raised his eyebrows, took Paul's hand, and said, "Oh, nice to meet you. I've heard about you." The way Percy phrased sentence slightly alarmed Paul. No, he didn't say, I've heard a lot about you. Just, I've heard about you . It gave Paul no hints as to whether Percy was inclined to like him or not. Suddenly, Paul realized that he was still standing outside the apartment door. Percy seemed to have had the same thought. "Oh—come in, I'll get my mom," Percy said, backing up into the living room of the small apartment. Paul closed the door behind him and stood uncomfortably next to the couch as Percy turned and walked down the small hallway leading off to three rooms: Sally's bedroom, the bathroom, and what he had to assume was Percy's room. "Hey, Mom?" he said, rapping on the door with his knuckles. "Your, er...Mr. Blofis is here." "Really?" came Sally's voice from the other side. "I wonder...okay, I'll be out in a second." Percy walked back into the small living room. As he stood there, Paul studied him some more. Again, he wasn't standing still, and his eyes shifted restlessly—he probably had ADD or ADHD or something like that. But the way he stood—it was confident, alert, and yet relaxed and normal at the same time. They were completely contradicting observations, but, somehow, Percy was able to pull it all off at the same time. Paul worked with kids around Percy's age, and he'd never seen someone that he couldn't read. But he found that he'd have to talk to Percy some more in order to get any insight on him. "So..." Paul started awkwardly. He cast around for something to say, and then decided on some weird get-to-know-you questions. "How old are you?" "Fourteen," Percy responded. "I'm fourteen." More awkward silence. "What school do you go to?" Paul asked him. Percy looked down, seeming embarrassed. "MS-54 in Manhattan," he answered in a quiet voice. When he looked up, Percy seemed to be afraid of being judged. Of course, Paul had heard of that place. It was sort of a place for kids who weren't accepted anywhere else. Paul wanted deeply to ask him why he went to a military school, but he knew that Percy probably wouldn't like that. Then, Percy laughed dryly. He shook his head, causing his hair to fall into his sharp eyes. "I'm guessing you're wondering why. I'm a juvenile delinquent ." He said those last two words like they were some sort of terrible joke—like he'd been called that before, and he didn't like it. "That's what the teachers call us," he added, somewhat bitterly. Paul was instantly horrified. What kind of teacher called their own students juvenile delinquents? "Sounds like you've had some awful teachers," Paul commented. "You have no idea," Percy said, and then his eyes widened like he hadn't meant to say it. Paul was immediately curious. "What do you mean?" Percy shook his head, and in doing so, something shifted on his neck—Paul hadn't noticed it before. It was a necklace of sorts, and it had a few clay beads on it, with designs that Paul couldn't make out from his distance. He was tempted to get closer in order to see what they were, but he resisted the urge and turned his attention back to what Percy was saying. "It's a long story," Percy grumbled, answering Paul's question—Paul had almost forgotten he'd asked it. Paul hated awkward silence, and he was usually good at small talk, but Percy wasn't exactly making it easy for him. But, right then, Sally walked in from her room, wearing blue jeans and a loose t-shirt. "Um, hello, Paul. Is there a reason you're here?" Paul felt his cheeks heat a little. "Yes, I...you left your coat in my car today, and I wanted to return it, but..." His eyes flickered over to Percy, who was now sitting on the couch. "Oh," Sally said, catching on. "Well, Paul...I see you've met Percy, my son." Not knowing what to say, Paul just murmured lamely, "Yeah." Suddenly, Percy was standing up again. "I'll just...go do my homework...in my room. Have fun," he added quietly, gesticulating vaguely toward Paul and Sally. Sally laughed as Percy retreated into his room. "Have fun? You're only here to return my jacket...or are you?" she added, turning to Paul. "Okay, I must confess..." Paul stood and made his way over to Sally. There, he put his hands on her shoulders and leaned in close. "I used this jacket as an excuse to see you." Sally smiled her beautiful smile and said, "I must confess and say that I'm glad you did." They leaned into each other, and they kissed. Right in the middle of it, though, there came a fourteen-year-old's voice: "Hey, Mom, have you seen my—oh, nope. Nope! Abort mission! I'll look for my shirt later." And with that, Percy disappeared once again into the small hallway leading to his and Sally's rooms, and Paul laughed along with his girlfriend. - Δαιδαλώδης - Finally— finally —it was the end of the school year. For a whole three months, Paul would not have to worry about grading his students papers or making sure their grades were properly entered into the school gradebook. A week after school was over, Paul was headed to the Jacksons' apartment to surprise Sally and Percy with a stew that he had somehow managed to make on his own. What Paul found when he stepped into the apartment, though, wasn't exactly what he had expected. Sally had a laptop open in front of her, and Percy was spread out over the couch, looking embarrassed and exhausted. Paul realized suddenly how much taller Percy had gotten since he first met him—at least four inches of height were added to his (what used to be) relatively small stature. Sally looked as beautiful as ever. Neither of the Jacksons had noticed Paul's arrival. "Mom," Percy said in a resigned sort of voice, "it's hopeless. We've applied to six schools—" "No, Percy," Sally interrupted sternly, "it's not hopeless. You, of all people, have no right to be pessimistic. We will find a school that will take you, and if they don't, I'll march up to them and make sure they take a second look at your record." Paul was shocked. He knew that Percy had been kicked out