Chapter 1: Transfer to Hogwarts Calamity took a deep breath looking at the barrier, or what she was pretty sure was the barrier. She checked her watch. The train would be leaving in ten minutes. She looked at her letter again. "Dear Ms. Clara Ezra-Mahoney, After careful review of your history and experience we are pleased to accept your application of transfer to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Although the transfer is rare, we are pleased to assist in your journey to become a Healer in this time of need. Be advised that you will be assisted by a Prefect, Remus Lupin, once you have reached platform 9 3/4. The platform can be found between platform 9 and 10 in the muggle Kings Cross Station. Do not hesitate to owl should you run into any issues. Sincerely, Professor Minerva Mcgonagoll Deputy Headmistress" Calamity folded the letter again and put it into her pocket. Looking around to make sure no no-maj (they were called muggles here, she supposed) was watching. Seeing the coast was clear she walked calmly through the wall and found herself on a new platform, a bright red engine before her. She had no idea who this Remus Lupin was, but the platform was packed with students and their families, hugging and kissing. Some parents looked tired. Perhaps staying up late worrying about the war raging on outside of the platform. She opened her trunk and pulled out her Herbology book: Encyclopedia of Magical and Mundane Plants. It lived up to its title, but Calamity flipped to the chapter on Venomous Tentacula. "This dangerous plant is a giant eyeless head with fangs, though the shape of its mouth tends to vary, along with many leaves surrounding it. It has many large vines that act as arms and may or may not have separate heads at the end. Occasionally, aside form biting, some forms can also fire spiky spore-like balls from their mouths at their targets. They use these appendages and spikey spores to catch and eat prey, especially Chizpurfles, whose carcasses can often be found around the plants base. Venoumous Tentactula should be approached with great caution, as all predatory plants should be. The Severing Charm is best to both stun and sever its arms. Common uses include-" "Ouch!" Calamity's book was thrown from her arms as a tall boy with black ruffled hair made contact with her. The boy nearly tripped, but somehow managed to save himself, obviously more athletic than his gawkiness predicted. "Heads up," called another voice and Calamity had just enough time to duck before a red Quaffle flew passed her and into the first boys hands. "Good reaction time," said the first boy. He pushed up his glasses and tousled his already messy hair. Reaching down he picked up her book and scanned the title. "You're a sixth year? I've never seen you around." He handed her the book and she narrowed her eyes at him, dusting off the cover. "I'm James Potter." "I thought the Brits were suppose to be more polite," Calamity said. James Potter didn't even have the decency to look abashed. "You're the American?" He put the Quaffle under his arm and cupped his hands around his mouth. "Oi, Remus! I found the Yank!" Calamity glared again and was about to begin explaining to this dimwit a thing or two, but she saw three boys approaching, one who had a sparkling gold badge with a P on his chest. James tossed the Quaffle over Calamity and into the hands of a boy about the same height with a rougish smile and longer black hair, grey eyes Prefect hurried forward. "Sorry for the delay, these three were fooling around," he motioned to James Potter and the two other boys. Calamity took this time to notice the smaller, squatter one with a mousish look and blonde hair. "I'm Remus Lupin," grabbing Calamity's trunk. He underestimated its weight and dropped it again. He motioned behind him, pretending that he had not been bested by a trunk. "You met James Potter already, but this is Sirius Black" he motioned to the rougish smiling one, who winked at Calamity. She rolled her eyes. "And this is Peter Pettigrew." Peter waved. "You must be Clara Erza-Mahoney, right," Remus said. He reached down as if to lift the trunk again, but Calamity tapped the trunk and it began to levitate. "Call me Calamity." "Calamity," repeated Remus with a smile. She noticed a scar across his lip and chin. "What happened," she asked nodding to his chin as Remus motioned for them to move towards the train. "He fought the giant squid," Sirius said nonchalantly. "He rescued five orphans from a Deatheater attack," countered James. "He was at the end of a bad hex, but you should see the other guy," Peter added. Remus smiled silently. "Oh look, it's Snivellus," said Sirius excitedly waving at a greasy haired boy about their age. "Snivvy!" The greasy haired boy glared and got onto the train. Calamity checked her watch. Only about three minutes. "That's Snivellus Snape," explained Sirius. "We're old friends." "I think we ought to say hi to our old friend," Peter agreed. "Erm..." James looked hesitant. "Evans is probably in the Prefect compartment, don't worry. If we catch him before he gets there then she'll never know," Sirius urged. "Let's just find a seat," James offered. Sirius' face fell, then a flash of anger crossed his face. He turned to Remus pointing accusingly,"This is all your fault- you and your prefect-ness." "Prefect-ness," Calamity repeated. "I said it and I meant it," Sirius snapped. She frowned at him, eyes flashing. For a moment he seemed to shrink under her glare. "Come on Peter, lets leave these goody-goodies." He jumped on the train with the blonde following him. "He doesn't mean it," James said to Remus before following suit. Remus shook his head smiling. and motioned for Calamity to follow. "So, Calamity," Remus said as they walked down the train towards the front. "That's an interesting nickname. How'd you get Calamity from Clara?" "I rescued five orphans from a deatheater attack," she replied. Remus grinned mischievously highlighting his scar again. "Sorry about that, they get carried away. It was really only two orphans." "How silly of them to exaggerate. Can we pause for a moment?" She reached into her purse and brought out a small vial and napkin. "This is a mixture of Gooseberry and Aloe Vera. It'll help your scar fade." Remus look at it suspiciously. "Gooseberry?" "It's nothing compared to those deatheaters," Calamity said with a smirk. Remus still looked unsure but allowed Calamity to apply the green paste. It disappeared almost instantly and the scar faded into a hard to see line. "Wow," Remus said looking at his reflection in a compartment window. "How'd you know?" "It's an old trick my Grandmother taught me. I was very accident prone growing up. For some reason my magic liked to show itself with explosions and flying sharp objects, so I got hurt a bit. That's how I got my nickname." "Glad you're passed that stage of your life," Remus smiled. He looked at the vial again, as if wanting to ask something. Instead he said. "Well, this is the Prefect compartment where we have our meeting. Feel free to sit where ever you like. I'll find you when we've almost reach Hogwarts." "Sure, thanks," she handed him the vial. "You can only use it once every week. Don't ingest it or you'll be stuck over a toilet and bucket for another week." Before he could protest she turned and walked down the compartments, looking quickly through the windows to see if there were any free. The train had started to move during their conversation and most of the compartments were full of friends laughing and joking. One compartment had a group of students huddled close in secret. A boy, almost a slightly shorter and younger version of Sirius, watched her pass before turning back to his whispering. Finally she made it to the back of the train where there was a compartment with only two girls in it, the door open. "Mind if I sit here," Calamity asked. "Oh sure," said the blonde one with curly hair. She patted to the seat next to her. Calamity noticed the lion crest on her chest. She tried to think back to her reading over the summer from Hogwarts: A History. "Gryffindor, right," she asked. "Yes," the blonde replied. "We both are. You're not a Slytherin are you?" "Dunno," said Calamity. "I haven't been sorted yet." "Oh, Susan! She's the American Lily was talking about," said a dark skinned girl with a small afro held back from her face by a headband. "I'm Margaret and this is Susan. I'm so sorry, I can't remember what Lily said your name was." "Clara Erza-Mahoney. Call me Calamity." "Sure thing," said Susan with a smile. The girls turned back to their game of exploding snaps and Calamity opened up her book again looking for the place she had left off. "Common uses include poison and a number of valuable, but illegal, juice of the Venomous Tentacula creates a nonfatal poison. Ingestion leads to a burning sensation that has been described as ones insides being on fire. It also creates a purple tint on the leaves are extremely valuable and the potions they make extremely advanced and illegal. Needless to say, any person or persons seeking venomous Tentacula byproducts is likely up to no good." Calamity underlined burning sensation that has been described as ones insides being on fire and purple tint of the skin . How did one stop the burning sensation? Did it just go away? There was the sound of an explosion from the hallway and Margaret jumped up looking out. "Bloody hell, they're at it again!" She slammed the door as smoke filled the hallway. Even with the door closed they could smell the smoke faintly- like dung. "Why can't those stupid marauders take a year off," moaned Susan. "Lily's going to be furious," agreed Margaret. As if summoned, the door opened and closed quickly as a red head jumped into the compartment looking livid. She reeked of the dung smoke. "Lily, this is Calamity, the American student" Susan said jumping up and motioning to Calamity just as the redhead opened her mouth to start fuming. Lily glared at her friend, seeing through the ploy, but ended her rant before it started. "Lily Evans," Lily said sitting down across from Calamity. "Glad you're here, but sorry that you have to put up with these uncivilized pigheaded idiots like the Marauders. I swear, Potter and Black can't go one moment without doing something to annoy the rest of us." Susan sighed, "so close." "You tried," comforted Margaret. "I'm serious," Lily fumed. "I'm just leaving the Prefect meeting, walking down the train minding my own business when Potter comes out of nowhere and asks me out to Hogsmeade." "Already," asked Susan. "We haven't even reached Hogwarts yet!" "There he is asking me as if I hadn't already told him last year that'd I'd rather date the squid and he has the nerve to try to explain that he's matured over the summer. Then, a dungbomb exploded in a Slytherin compartment and I had to walk through it to get here. They make me so angry! Why haven't they been expelled after all of this non-sense!" "Not the best timing, that's for sure," Susan said turning back to her game. "At least we're almost there," said Lily. "The meeting took forever." She took a deep breath, trying to forget the stupidity of sixteen year old boys, and turned to Calamity. "What brings you to Hogwarts?" Calamity looked up from her book at being addressed. "I need to finish my last few years of schooling in England in order to work at St. Mungos and I've heard Hogwarts is the best place to do