The elevator made a high-pitched sound. Even if the Ministry had been rebuilt, some things never changed. The glistening light on London that morning was a sight for sore eyes. Hermione Granger needed that more than she should have. Her children had out-grown her shadow, and her husband was more than incline to follow them. They had had a wildly debated divorce a few months back. No one cared so much about them than when they were falling apart. But it was too late and the light was fading away. Slowly going down, the machinery still moving, she had not noticed the only other passenger in the elevator. He worked at the Administration Department now, a consultant on all deserters matters. Officially. Obviously, this post was to keep him within Aurors sights and ear-shots. He spent most of his time in an office, filling in the blanks on some Death Eaters whereabouts. Their relatives, their lives. He knew what the dead knew. That silence was never of good use if it got you killed. He had a son and a wife. They seemed happy enough. Scorpius was a good child, better than his father, and even though he would have a hard time admitting it, he was very proud of him. He also knew that his son could not really say the same about his father, but, hey, what were fathers for if not be hated a little? Draco Malfoy was listening carefully to the few sound the mechanics made: he tried to focus on something else than who was with him in that damned box. He knew their rightful looks and judgmental eyes. Gryffindors never really changed. He smirked to himself, making fun of whomever was inside his head talking right now. Probably his eleven-year-old self. As righteous and judgmental as can be. Very hypocrite too. When the engine stopped, Hermione was ready to live. Steady on her feet and light in her path. But the doors did not open. She shook the lock, tried an "Alomora", but nothing happened. Sheturned to the only other silhouette in the room. "Fuck." She turned back. She could hear him smile from where she was standing. It was too early in the morning to wait for anyone to help them. What a great idea to be in the Ministry of Magic only when almost no one was there. Her hair caught in a bun she sat on the floor and sighed heavily, trying to get her sore back to stop winning about her. The witch took off her heels and left them beside her, crossing her hand on her lap, trying to sleep however she could. Draco was not the same. He tried to rip the elevator apart with absolutely no success. He finally went to sit down on the opposite side of the elevator. She smirked "Did that felt good?" He puffed. "Smartass as can be Granger? And here I thought you were mature enough to just shut up." She opened her eyes slowly. If he had seen any Muggle horror movies, he would be scared right now. Not that he was. Obviously. Maybe a little. Her face was pale and her skin showed some signs of imperfection but, overall, she had not changed a bit. She was 35 now, and if she could not take any shit from him when they were in school, she could definitely not take any from him right now. "Oh Malfoy. And here I thought I made it clear long ago that I didn't give a shit about whatever you can be thinking about. - You didn't say that when I treated you like..." Draco shut up on his own. His knees almost up to his face, the heels of his hand trying to crush his eyes into their orbits, and a face as tired as can be. His jacket was on the floor, and his suit was a little bit wrinkled by the battle he had with the machine earlier. He also knew that no matter what, no onewas there in his office to help him so... He never did ask for any help, not even getting out of an elevator. The ministry worker tucked a lock of hair behind her ear, and seemed disturbed. She whispered, "Treated me like what, Malfoy?" "None of your business Granger... - I'm afraid it is. Treated me like what?" she said firmly. Draco was too tired. He had not slept in his bed for the past year, and could not bring himself to leave the couch for a real bed in one of the numerous other rooms of the manor. He opened his mouth, just to close it after three seconds searching for his words. He got up. "Dammit Granger. Can't you just let this go...?" She was about to answer when he interrupted her "No. In fact, never mind, I don't want to hear it". His back to her, he murmured to himself. She did not hear until a few moments later out of the blue, he turned and looked at her: " I treated you like trash". His hair was covering some parts of his face, his arms crossed on his chest, and a truly guilty look on his face. "You...You did." Hermione nodded. She waited for the words to sink in. Her lips got bitten. "But you've paid more than enough for it." It seemed to him that it was a way of saying 'I forgive you'. But he did not hold on to the feeling of relief. Feelings were fools only meant to deceive you. He sat back down, trying to relax his back. " Well... At least I deserved what I had coming to me. Not like everyone else these days." Her jaw clenched. She could not do this right now. Not trying to talk to him would be like trying not to read an open book. She could not resist the pull of the pages wide open in front of her. Curiosity was bad for her health. But there were worse things to do than to talk to Draco Malfoy. Right? Tears were in her eyes. A few dropped on the back of her right hand. She thought about Remus and Tonks, and Teddy Lupin. She thought about George and Fred Weasley. She thought about all those deaths in the Great Hall. The memories were never going away, always under the surface, easy to reach but so hard to let go of. "Don't...don't say that. Among all those who helped Voldemort, I..." She took a deep breath, shaking slightly in between two breaths. "I truly came to think that... You were not the worst of them all. You did not have a real choice in the matter. Your parents were being held by him, and you did what you had to do to save those you love..." Hermione broke into tears. Water was pouring down her face, down her clenched fist against her torn lips. Still, she inhaled slowly, cleaning up as much as she could "Just like we did Malfoy. Just like we did." Draco kept silent for a while. He stayed in shock for a few minutes, not knowing if he was dreaming, having a panic attack, hallucinating or all of the above. Steady on his feet he crouched and reach for his inner pocket. A tissue appeared and he handed it over to Hermione. It was purple silk, a gift from his mother. She looked at him strangely, not daring touching it. "Just take it dammit Granger. Don't be so stubborn." The tissue was shoved in her hand. She did not expect him to do that. She did not even expect him to be so warm. He got back up, and spoke aloud. " Someone there?! People are stuck in the elevator! Come on move!" No one answered. Hermione sneezed loudly. "If no one up or downstairs heard that, they are deaf." She laughed, eyes reddish. " And you meant that to be funny? You had more wit back in the day..." He glared at her, which only made her smile wider. A strip of artificial sun appeared out of nowhere, shinning on her lips and eyes. They were a real piece of jewellery those two. Draco smirked to himself. Definitely his Hogwarts' self back there at the very end of his reason. He went back in front of her. Hermione looked distantly outside for a second, and noticed something that made her eyes open wide. "Damn it! For fuck's sake! No way..." She got up. "Look!" Turning to him, she shot him an urgent look. "Don't be so damn stubborn." She had small laugh. He glared again. Not really. Just for the sport. He went to her and saw it. Right there, in front of them: a Christmas light. "Oh my... - Yes. - NO. - Yes Malfoy. Don't act like a child please." He kicked the back of the elevator. " So much for that." The wizard did not answer. He started to put the heels of his hands on his eyes and mumbled. "The only day in the whole calendar when there is no one in here, I had to be there stuck in a bloody elevator with you. Figures." Out of context, he let out a desperate laugh. " Well better make ourselves comfortable, because no one is coming on the very morning of the 25th Granger. - STOP calling me that." His eyebrows raised. He added quite playfully: "Well then stop calling me Malfoy. You can call me your "pain in the ass" for today, how does that sound? - ...Marvellous." She went back at her place, and took off her coat and scarf. She retrieved a heavy book out of her handbag, and started reading. "Oh, come on... Great, now I have to look at you while are reading. Just hope that you have some food in there, because we're going to run low on patience if no one can either eat nor yell at someone else." She did not raise her eyes while answering "First: I don't care. Second: I don't care AND what makes you think I would share any of it with you?" Draco was really coming shorthanded on this. She had a handbag full of mysteries including distraction and she was not really willing to share. At least as much as he was willing to beg, which were very low odds. "Hermione." The name sounded strange in his mouth. Never before had he spoken it aloud. "Please. At least you could let me read with you." She coughed. "What? Because you know how to read? - Who's childish now?" Hermione looked at him sideways. Going back to her book, she could not focus. First, there was him calling her by her name which for the record she did not like at all. Secondly, he was staring at her without any shame and it made her very uncomfortable. "FINE!" She slammed the book. " What do you want?" Draco pretended to think about it for a moment, exaggeratedly putting his hand underneath his chin, and watching the very decorated roof of the engine. She watched him with caution. Draco had never really lost that altier look, and it all came back to him now. " Not silence. But not a conversation." She raised her hands in the air. "What are you asking? You want to have company but with none of the inconveniences. Listen, it's not how it works you cannot just cut out the right parts and leave the bad behind... It's... - Unfair and selfish? Yeah, heard that somewhere before." Draco closed himself. Not that it mattered. But still. Hermione was going crazy. " Come on. We are stuck here. Better make the best of what we have right? - What do you suggest, smart-ass?" She took deep breaths not to try and break his nose this time. " I can. I don't know, talk to you