AN.: After a bit of thinking I have finally decided to rewrite or at least correct all the mistakes I have made in this chapter. I will do the same with all my chapters and also poste my newest chapter as soon as i have finished it. As always I don't own anything just my own twists and turnes. Have fun. Isabella Marie Swan was a little 9 year old girl. Ever since her parents Charlie Swan and Renée Higginbotham had divorced when she was a few month old, Bella had lived with her mother in Phoenix. Bella was never like the other girls, she was never interested in things like dolls or 'girly` stuff like that. Her room was filled with posters of cars and bikes. She never ever had posters of her favorite boy group or things like that. In her mother's eyes Bella had an old soul, she never really fit in with children her own age. When Bella was five years old Renee was not able to find a babysitter for her when she had to go to work so she asked her best friend and neighbor Jack to look after Bella while she was at work. Jack Carter owns a Ferrari dealership so whenever he had to babysit Bella he took her with him to his dealership and let her watch his mechanics repairing all kinds of exotic cars. When Jack took her the first time to his dealership Bella began to wander the place. After two hours of walking through the whole building Bella began to get tired so when she came in the main room where all the cars were for the people to look at, Bella easily found an open car. After a few minutes of looking at the car Bella crawled on the driver's seat and went to sleep. An hour later Renee arrived at the dealership to collect her daughter. "Hey Jack, how are you?" Renee asked greeting her friend. "Hey Renee, I`m fine thanks. You know today a crashed Ferrari California T was brought in. The only thing that can still be used is the engine and the wheels. When Bella saw that car she began to cry as if you had killed her favorite puppy. The only way to calm her down was to show her how to take the engine of that car apart." After a short break he said. "You know the funny thing is after I showed her how to take it apart she put it right back together. When I showed it to my mechanics they couldn`t find a flaw." While Jack told her the news Renee`s pride swelled with every second. "You know, Bella`s birthday is in a month and I think you just gave me the perfect gift for her." Renee exclaimed. "What do you think the California T is worth in the moment?" "In the moment it is only the engine and the wheels. When I see the look on your face, I think you want to buy them and gift them to your daughter. They are worth around twenty grand ( A.N.: I have no idea if this is right, so don`t hate me if I`m wrong.) . I make you a deal. You give me twenty-five grand. I will buy the car body and Bella can use my garage. What do you think? Also I will give her the odd jobs so she can earn the money for the rest of the parts. When she is finished the car can be at least 200 grand worth. And also it will be her baby I she will be more careful with the car and I don't think she will ever have a crash with her car." Jack told her. Without hesitation Renee gave her friend a handshake and said "Deal." "Now where is my little angle? It`s time for us to go home." Renee said and followed Jack to the garage part of the dealership. "Hey Jimmy have you seen Bella since I left earlier to do the paperwork?" Jack asked one of his mechanics. "Yeah after you left she came over to me and asked what was wrong with the car. After that she helped me fix the car and then she left in the direction of the main room. I even quizzed her on what she would do when certain things were wrong with the car she could answered every problem I gave her and is the main reason why almost all cars are finished. The girl is a natural when it comes to cars." Jimmy said when he saw his Boss. "Thanks Jimmy. Well Renee lets go to the main room perhaps she is there looking at the cars again." Jack said and led Renee to the main floor. When they arrived at the main floor they were greeted by Bella on the lap of the saleslady sleeping peacefully. "Hey Renee, Jack. You here to catch little sleeping beauty?" Sheila asked when she saw Renee approaching. Sheila was one of Renee`s best friends. "Yeah, where did you find her, or did she fell asleep in your lap?" Renee asked smiling down at her daughter. "I found her after I had just finished a customer half an hour ago. She was sleeping in the black 430 back there." Sheila explained. Timeskip Over the years Bella earned quite a bit of money working for Jack. Also she inherited her grandparent's money when they died. When Bella was 13 years old she finished the California T. It was estimated to be around 250.000 $ worth. Bella began to invest her money into old cars and restored them in her free time. When Bella was 15 years old Renee bought a new house with a garage and enough space for twelve cars. Even tough Bella`s hobby to restore crashed cars was time consuming she had straight A`s in all her classes. All in all Bella had restored ten cars. She still owned seven of her cars but only because for the other three she was offered a price she couldn`t refuse. The first was a Porsche 911 GT2 for which she was offered 200.000$ while it was only 150.000$ worth. The second was a Nissan 370z where she got 150.000$ and the last car she sold was a Lamborghini Gallardo which she sold for 750.000$. The reason she sold the 370zwas, that she had a second Nissan 370z waiting for her to work on it. Every year, in the summer and winter holidays, she would visit her father in Forks Washington for two weeks. Charlie Swan was the Chief of Police in Forks and whenever she was with him they would spend their whole time in La Push with the Blacks. Bella would help her friend Jakob repair his father's car while the adults were either fishing or watching Bella explaining to Jakob what had to be done. Just recently Renee had gotten a new boyfriend by the name of Phil Dwyer. He was a minor league baseball player and was really serious with Renee. For her 15 birthday Renee had enrolled Bella for her driver's license training and Bella was finally able to drive her babies. On her sixteenth birthday Bella`s had qualified for an early full driver`s licenses due to her work with her cars. When she showed up with her Ferrari California T almost everyone watched her when she stepped out of her car. (AN.: I don`t really know how the driver's test works in America because I am German so bear with me.) "Hello my name is Isabelle Marie Swan. I`m here to take my diving test." Bella said handing over all the forms that were required of her. "Ahh yes Miss Swan, I`ve heard of you. With what car are you here?" After the woman behind the desk had looked over the forms. "I`m here with the black Ferrari and thank you for your help." She answered. "Everything seems to be in Order. You can wait with your car, Miss Swan." The Lady behind the counter said. After the paperwork was finished Bella walked back to her Ferrari and waited for the examiner. After ten minutes a man approached Bella. "Hello, my name is Mr. Smith I am your examiner. What I understand you are here for a full driver`s license? My I ask why you need it." "Hello Mr. Smith I need the full license because I work with cars. I work in the garage of the Ferrari dealership downtown. And I restore crashed cars. Mostly only the exotic ones. I have restored ten cars in total and only sold three of them. This Ferrari California T was my first car. I got her from my mother when I was nine years old for my birthday. Three years ago I finished her but only because I had four other cars in that time. In the moment I have three other project. A Camaro, a Firebird and a Mustang GT but they should all be finished by end of the year." "Well ok than let's get going." Two hours later Bella was on her way home having passed the test. When she arrived at her house she was greeted by some of her friends from school and some of her mother`s friend like Jack and Sheila and Jimmy. After Bella stepped out of her car she was engaged in a hug by her mother, who kept crying congratulations in her ear. A little bit later Phil pulled his daughter a side looking a bit nervous. "Bella I want to ask your mother to marry me. Would you give me your blessing because I´m really nervous?" Phil asked her. After the question was out Bella let out a little squeal and began to bounce up and down. "When are you going to ask her? Do you already have a ring?" Bella asked in an excited whisper. Looking around if no one was looking Phil pulled a small red box out of his pocket and showed the ring to Bella. After she had looked it over Bella was satisfied with what she saw. "If you would allow me I would like to ask her now." And ten minutes later Renée Higginbotham was the finance of Phil Dwyer. For the next year Bella restored 1986 Dodge Charger for her mother and Phil. Timeskip Bella is seventeen now "Mum, I have decided to move to Forks. I`m going to live with Dad because I know you want to be with Phil and now that he plays in the major league he has to travel a lot and because I´m here, you can`t be with him as much as you want." Bella said after sitting down on the couch in their living room. Renee was just watching TV when her daughter dropped that bomb. "But honey, you don`t have to move. I can stay here. I know I don`t have so much time with him but it is enough." Renee protested. "No mum. I love you, and I can see how much you miss him when he`s away. I want you to be happy and you are happy when you are with Phil. Also since Dad`s place burnt down he build a new house with a big garage and my room is even directly beside the garage. I'm going to visit every chance I get. He has everything I need, enough space for all my babies, and my room hasn`t even got a wall to the garage. I only need a few of my tools and there would be no difference." Bella ended her argumentation when she saw her mother giving in. "Thank you Bella. For giving me the chance to spent my time with Phil. I love you and I`m going to prepare everything for your move." Renee said hugging her daughter close to her. A month later everything was prepared for Bella to depart to Washington State. Seven out