Disclaimer: I own nothing but the computer to give you this story. Any references to any movie/book/play/etc. belong to their respected owners, whether I knowingly make a reference or not, I do not wish any infringement. I am just a writer here to fine tune my craft and have some fun while doing it. (I do not want a disclaimer on every chapter, as we all know I own nothing. So this is the only one.) Please tell me what you think of the story, I am open to suggestions and criticism. This is a tenth walker, so please read at your own discretion. Thank you. Chapter One: Disruptor of Human Plans and Busybodies " The weather is nature's disruptor of human plans and busybodies. Of all the things on earth, nature's disruption is what we know we can depend on, as it is essentially uncontrolled by men." ―Criss Jami, Killosophy "There is no need to keep pacing, Jen," I said, biting into a Twizzler. I watched the curly-haired girl turn on the spot. She paced back in front of the TV, an anxious look coming over her ordinary features. The light pattering of rain against the house added to the gloom outside, as well as Jeni's nerves. The dense iron colored clouds gave promise to a torrential downpour that would last for a few hours. I felt a rush of excitement as lightning flashed outside the basement window. Jeni ignored me and turned on her heels. Her coiled hair bounced in an almost snotty manner as she retraced her steps. When she started rubbing her arms in her typical worried manner as thunder sounded again I rolled my eyes. I was starting to question the idea of having my friends over for the evening. I looked towards the armchair my other friend, Kristina, sat in and sighed. The tubby blonde threw a fake punch at Jeni. The arm chair she sat in rocked forward off of its legs, before thumping back onto the carpet. I winced as my dad's favorite armchair creaked loudly in protest. Kristina settled into the camouflage fabric again, glaring through her pale hair. I pursed my lips. "Aquire some chill, Jeni," I said, waving the red, candy rope at her. "Kristina is going to have a heart attack if you block her Hercules again." "In case you've forgotten, Tabby; there's a tornado watch and Katie is still out there." Jeni pointed to the wall with a glare spared in my direction, paling at the thought of a twister. She turned to the window and stood on her toes to look outside. The green shrubs swayed in a harsh wind, making the house creak. A brilliant flash of lightning illuminated the pane; making Jen back away. Thunder echoed around the house, shaking the foundation. I grinned, watching Jeni rub her eyes. "You're confusing a watch with a warning again," I informed her. "In a watch, there is no imminent danger, as opposed to a warning-" "Shut up!" Kristina hissed at us, waving her hands at the TV. "This is the best part!" "Hercules saves Megara; we've seen the movie a thousand times!" Jeni returned, blinking several times as she started her pacing again. There was a prominent stomp in her step now. "Katie is smart enough to know what to do if she ever comes across a mythical tornado," I replied. Watching Jeni pace was making me feel tired. It was our day off, my parents were on vacation, and my brother was off doing whatever it was he does. We had the whole place to ourselves and all Jeni could do was walk around worried. Jeni spared me another precious moment of her pacing for a glare. I looked back at her with a quirked eyebrow. "A tornado can happen at any time. The fact that Mitchellville hasn't seen one in forty years is irrelevant," she snapped. She bounced on tiptoes near the window again and walked back towards the TV. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Kristina run her hands through her hair; her face taught in annoyance. Nothing good ever comes from that girl getting irritated. "Unlikely," I said, throwing myself sideways onto the green couch. I kicked my feet up over the arm. "Just relax, Jen, she's always late, anyway." Jeni pursed her lips and kept up her pacing as lightning flashed close again. "Jenifer!" Kristina yelled as Jeni passed back in front of the TV, yet again. Kristina all but launched herself out of the chair, causing it to rock and thump backward again. Jeni made a sharp turn, glaring at the blonde. "Go pace behind the couch! I am trying to watch Hercules !" She spoke as if she was speaking to a stubborn child. "I know! Jesus, Kristina, you're eighteen-years-old. That movie is for children!" Jen growled. "You're a children!" Kristina snapped with venom. Thunder cracked again as she spoke. "Good one, Kristina," I said, bored. It was best not to encourage either of them. I finished my Twizzler and reached for a Zebra Cake. "It's almost over anyway," Kristina went on, ignoring me. She crossed her arms over her chest, her grey eyes glaring at Jeni. "You can wait five minutes!" The two stared each other down. "Good," Jeni said, turning to look out the window. Rain splattered the glass enough that she could hardly see out of it. "Then we can watch an adult movie." Kristina smirked. Awe, crap . "I'm not watching porn!" she snapped, looking to get a rise out of Jeni. Don't fall for it, Jeni . The curly-haired girl whirled around, looking offended. Aaand she fell for it . "That's not what I meant!" she snapped, her voice low with anger. I groaned. "Must you guys resort to high school behavior?" I asked. I pulled on the plastic that bound my cakes. The thin plastic ripped with ease, dropping both of the sugary cakes onto my face. I flinched and threw the wrapper onto the wooden coffee table. It sat accompanied by other cake wrappers, the now empty box they came in, and the bag of half eaten Twizzlers. I wiped the crumbs from my face and shirt, listening to the two with exhaustion. "You're so childish!" Jeni yelled. I picked up the two cakes and took a bite out of one. Rainbow sprinkles fell off the white icing and all over my shirt. "You're such a-a-a worry-wart!" Kristina returned. The rain picked up, the wind making the window pane rattle. Hmm, should've bought the chocolate cakes, they don't have as many sprinkles. "Oh, that's original!" I wiped the sprinkles from my shirt, rolling my eyes. "It was very original!" "Eighteen years old, huh?" I asked, taking another bite. I still went ignored. I watched as lightning flashed closer to the house. "It was not!" Jeni roared. "Was too!" Thunder cracked, and the tension of the storm grew. It was going to be a big one. "Was not!" There came a clink against the glass. Through the rain splatters, I could make out peas sized chunks of ice banging against the siding. "Was too!" I started on my second cake, rolling my eyes. They're ruining my storm. I glanced at the TV, Hercules and Megara were on Mount Olympus. I heaved a sigh as the bickering went on, drowning out the sound of the movie. I could change it; they wouldn't notice. Kristina isn't even watching. "Was not!" I groaned, signaling my displeasure. Jeni ignored me and Kristina flipped me the bird. I huffed at her. "Was too!" "Was not!" Thunder echoed around the house again. The tension outside was mounting; the storm seemed to intensify as the two argued. "Who's being a child now?" Kristina taunted, yelling over the rain and hail. I finished the second cake, and the credits began to roll, which of course went unnoticed. I looked over at my friends again. Jeni stomped over to Kristina as the two carried on. Kristina was halfway out of the chair, arguing with a smug grin on her face. Why she enjoyed antagonizing Jeni was beyond me. I reached for the remote on the coffee table and flipped through several commercials. I came to a local movie channel, just coming back from a break. "Oooh!" I cooed, sitting up straight. The movie channel was showing The Fellowship of the Ring , and the Council of Elrond was just starting. "Oh my God, Krist-!" "Oh my God, both of you shut up!" I growled. Jeni sent me an evil glare, and Kristina looked like I had just kicked her puppy. I snapped my hand up, pointing to the TV, returning both of their glares. "Oooh, I've been meaning to watch this," Kristina smiled, drumming her fingertips together. She settled down into the chair, crossing her legs and leaning her head against her hands. It was like a five-year-old had just found Barney and Friends . Jeni took a few steps back, watching the movie confused, but interested. Good God, I am friends with a couple of five-year-olds. "What is this?" Jeni asked; all anger aside. I looked at her like she was stupid, my excitement diminishing. "Get educated," I replied. Thunder rocked the foundation again, drowning out Elrond's voice. "Gee, Tab, that explains so much," she snapped, making a face at me. I returned the look as Kristina answered. " The Lord of the Rings . Here's your adult movie." Don't start that shit again, Kristina. Not during my movie. "Whatever," Jeni said, rolling her eyes. She shifted her weight and looked toward the window again. Rainwater was pouring in sheets down the glass, making it impossible to see out of it. The hail was diminishing for now. A few thumps sounded from upstairs, followed by a muffled yell of: "I'm here!" "Finally!" Jeni breathed, running for the stairs. I shook my head and grabbed another Twizzler as my friend thumped up the steps. "I hope Katie brought the Pizza Hut coupons," Kristina said, flipping the lever on the chair. The footrest popped out with a loud thunk that echoed within, metal clanking inside the chair. "Hey! Be nice to the chair, that's my dad's favorite!" I snapped, glaring at Kristina, who looked at me with a pained look on her face. "I'm hungry," she whined in return. "Shh!" I hissed, pointing to the TV. We watched the movie for about thirty seconds before Kristina became agitated. "Did all this happen in the book?" she asked, looking at me confused. I sighed in exasperation. "What happened to the boxed set I got you for Christmas?" I asked, concealing my annoyance. "It's called college," she answered, scowling. "You should try it sometime." "Yeah, only the community college is bull," I snapped back. Never going back to that school, hardly worth the stress or the money. "Okay, what Gandalf just did seemed unnecessary," Kristina mused. The Grey Wizard had just finished uttering the language of Mordor. "Oh my God," I muttered, getting up from the couch. I wasn't going to suffer through two hours of stupid questions. I walked across the room to the wooden bookshelf that doubled as a TV stand. A sleek, black bookcase stood just to the right of it, filled with movies. I pulled out an old, worn out copy of the Fellowship of the Ring that used to belong to my great-grandmother. "Book two, chapter two." I tossed the book into her lap and waited for Kristina to find the chapter. She checked its length of about thirty pages and groaned. "I'm not reading that right now." "You are such a wimp!" I groaned, dropping my arms to my sides. The remark hurt me more than I cared to admit. No one seemed to understand my fascination with Middle-earth, and it was getting old. Almost a decade of ridicule and sheer annoyance from my friends and family was hard to deal with. What was worse, none