Only the Owl Saw it All By Levade Short note: this is AU. The ages of the characters are off, so to be safe and satisfy canon requirements that are pretty darn clear, it's AU. Written for G-fic Group Yule Exhchange. Another of those oh-so-silly fics. The owl peered curiously at the strange creature staggering about its woodland territory, golden eyes large in the dark of the night. Wind ruffled the grey feathers, and it hooted softly, offering a bit of encouragement for the furless, featherless being that shivered in the cold. Instead the creature gave a start and looked around wildly before running forward. Branches, whipped up by the wind into a frenzy of movement caught at the young creature, snaring its hair and clothing and it cried out before striking out to fend off its attacker. "Hoooo," soothed the owl. It is but the wind, featherless youngling . No elf then, for the creature showed no understanding of owl-speak, struggling until it freed itself of the branches to stagger off, deeper into the forest. Ruffling its feathers, the owl blinked. No others but the Elves came this far into the forest. What could the creature be then? A rustling in the pine needles snared the owl's attention and it swiveled its head, watching. Waiting. A very foolish mouse ran out from under the raised root of a gnarled old pine, whiskers quivering as it tested the night air. Father Mouse had told it not to go out on a windy night such as this for other creatures used the wind to cover their own noises, but the youngster had scoffed and twitched his very fine tail before darting outside to take a look. He smelled a toadstool nearby, probably a very delicious one and his whiskers quivered in excitement. Wouldn't Father Mouse be impressed with him bringing that home! Branches danced in the wind, the pines groaned as they swayed, and the wind whispered as it wound through the branches, telling of storms coming with the promise of rain. Nothing of danger though, and so the young mouse darted forward. Owl dropped from the branches above, silent as it floated over the branches, closer and closer to the ground, and swooped in to grasp the foolish young mouse in its talons. Its younglings would feed well tonight! "That river is freezing!" "Come, Estel. It's not even winter yet!" Glaring at his companion who appeared as unruffled and composed as ever, the young man scrubbed at his hair with what had been a dry shirt. Nothing in his very heavy, soaked pack was dry now. "You just had to go that way, didn't you?" He grimaced and mocked in a lilting voice, "It's easier, Estel. Trust me, Estel." "It is!" The protestation was lost largely because the blasted elf was grinning, blue eyes dancing with amusement. "You have a wretched sense of humor, son of Thranduil." "Ai, Estel." Legolas reached out to clasp a sodden shoulder. "Peace. Come, I know of a good spot not far from here we can make camp and I shall build a fire. Once you are warm your sense of humor might return." "You realize our food was lost to the river." "Some creature will be appreciative." The blond elf, dry as a bone, nary a hair out of place, shrugged. "We came out here to hunt." "Not in the middle of the night!" Eyes widening, Legolas tried and failed to curb a grin and danced back as his companion growled and made a grab for him. "Now, Estel…." "Blast you, Legolas, if I am wet then you shall be as well!" The young man knew better. He'd been raised amongst the elves, sheltered in a haven known as Rivendell. Raised as one of them, he knew very well just how quick and light of foot the lithe beings were. Dancing back, Legolas held up his hands, "Estel, I would not—" The warning was lost in a flurry of curses that would have gotten the young man's behind tanned had his elders heard them. Human eyes, never as sharp as the Firstborn, were at a double disadvantage in the dark and it was that combination that led to Estel's downfall – literally. "Estel!" Legolas reached out to grab his friend, ducking under windmilling arms, only to find his hands full of the tunic the young man had been using to dry his hair. Eyes wide, the elf watched his human companion tumble back down the steep river bank straight into the shallows of the river. A splash and more cursing told him all he needed to know. Holding back his laughter as his truly sodden friend rose from the river, dripping, Legolas held out the semi-dry tunic. "I saved your shirt for you!" Legolas gave a shout of laughter as Estel surged up the riverbank, and whirled to run. "Here, you'll need it!" "Legolas!" Reaching the top of the bank, Estel staggered, caught his balance and stumbled again as his own tunic flew into his face. He yanked it away and glared upwards. Sure enough, his nimble friend had taken to the trees where he stood on a branch as nonchalantly as if on one of the walkways of Rivendell. A deep breath and the young man shot one last glare at his friend. Elves. You just couldn't win sometimes. "Ai…just show me this supposed campsite, if you will." A bow and the elf leaped down to land lightly, though well-away from the human. "This way. A fire will warm you soon enough, my friend!" Hefting his cold, wet pack on his back, Estel rolled his eyes as the elf began to sing to the trees, regardless that all but the pines were dormant and ready for winter. At least it wasn't snowing. Watching his friend walk atop the snow while he slogged through would have been utterly the last straw. Ah well, it wouldn't be the first night he'd spent cold and hungry, nor probably the last, and it could have been worse. The twin sons of Elrond might have joined them, and then…. Then Estel never would hear the end of this hunting trip. He told himself stories to try and forget how cold he was. Huddling against a tree, cloak wrapped tightly around his body, he shivered and laughed. "A…and then B..Boromir said, 'Ah, but you should have seen the horse that came in second!'" Stars, but he wished his brother was with him! Why had he not listened? Of course; he had wanted to prove to Boromir that he wasn't the skinny, scrawny runt. Not that his brother said such things, but Faramir heard it plenty of times from others. His own father compared the brothers at every chance, and never was it favorable for Faramir. But he adored his brother. Faramir looked up to him and tried to do anything he could to get a smile, and warm the sometimes cool grey eyes. It wasn't really all that hard. His brother was far better at the things that made a man a good soldier: riding, fighting, commanding. Boromir had a natural air of command and his men would do anything for him. He was not cruel, but he did expect a great deal of them. And Faramir had doubtless just let him in for the biggest disappointment of his life. Getting lost on a hunting trip! How pathetic was that? This after his father had finally agreed, albeit reluctantly, to let him accompany Boromir. Father would never let him go anywhere ever again. It was enough that he almost let the wind, the cold of the night and the loneliness of the surroundings take him. Why not? Who would miss him? Boromir. Yes, his brother would mourn. Gandalf? Maybe. The Wizard did consider Faramir a student of considerable talent. Lothíriel and her brothers. His Uncle Imrahil. Not his father. No, his father would be free of an unwanted, useless burden. Sighing, Faramir pushed himself to his feet and grit his teeth. He wouldn't give up! He'd prove his father wrong, show him that he was just as good as… Well, maybe not that good, but he would show him. He would show him that he was more than just a weak child who loved learning. He would show Denethor that he was a fighter. "It is a bit small for you." Legolas ignored the dirty look shot his direction and continued cleaning the brace of rabbits he had flushed out of their burrow. "But it is dry." Seated in front of a ring of rocks, a pit with a fire in the middle, Estel held his hands out to warm them and winced as the tunic pulled at his shoulders. He was not yet fully-grown and already his shoulders had more width to them than the elf's. "Thank you." "You are welcome, Estel." Legolas murmured a thanks to the woods for the gift of the rabbits and set up a spit over the fire. Sitting back on his haunches, he smiled at his friend. "The smoke seeks to favor you." Waving away the grey cloud, the young man blinked as the smoke stung his eyes. "Lucky me," he replied with a wry smile. Turning the spit carefully, Legolas looked up. "Halbarad will be happy to see you recovered." "Aye." His cousin had fared only a bit better when the bridge had collapsed in the flood, and come away with a broken collarbone. "Adar…Elrond said I would be clear to ride on patrols again by Yule." Estel was yet coming to grips with his true heritage: Aragorn, son of Arathorn. He was Chieftan of the Dúnedain and heir of Isildur, though up until his eighteenth birthday he had been Estel, foster son of Elrond Eärendilion. It was a heavy weight to bear; one Elrond had sought to help him with for as long as possible. He was a hunted man and would be all of his life. Unless he … No, he would not think of that. Not now. Not yet. "Peace, Estel." The man looked up as a light hand fell upon his shoulder and squeezed gently. "Have not I been a friend to you since you were more of a child than you are now?" A joke between them. To an Elf, a man of Estel's age was not even fully-grown. Not yet an adult. "You have, Legolas." He reached out to grip the elf's shoulder. "Though at times, like in the river today, I question why I trust you so much." Sitting back with a grin, Legolas shook his head. "So that you will have someone to care for you in your dottering age?" Estel's reply froze on his lips as the elf rose, drew his dagger and pivoted to face away from the fire in one graceful, smooth move. Legolas' hearing was far sharper than his own and with the wind making the trees shift and groan, the man wasn't sure what his friend could have heard. Legolas stepped soundlessly forward and gestured to the side. Estel nodded and crept off, his own dagger in his hand. The woods were usually safe, Glorfindel sent patrols out to be certain, and checked the Redhorn Pass himself, without fail. The attack on Celebrían weighed heavily upon the Captain of Rivendell's guard, even years later. Orcs still roamed these mountains, and sometimes, though far more rare, wolves. A cry somewhere in the darkness ahead told Estel this was no Orc or beast and he ran forward. "Legolas, over here!" It was a young boy, maybe nine years old, and he wasn't moving. Feeling carefully along the boy's arms and legs, Estel grunted as the elf knelt next to him. "His ankle is caught in that root. Broken, or badly twisted I suspect." The elf bent closer, curious as to what a young boy was doing so far from any settlement Legolas knew of. "Where could he have come from?"