This was written for a LotR Community Yule Challenge for Rosemarie. She wanted: A story about an elven family finding a lost human child at Yule. Dedicated to Rosemarie: I don't know that I accomplished what you wanted, and if not, I'm sorry. Happy Christmas and bright blessings for the coming year to everyone! ~*~*~*~ As the last note of the flute died away like a soft sigh, the child sitting at her father's feet sighed. She leaned her head against his knee, smiling as he reached down to stroke her hair. "Ada, tell me the story. Please?" "Again, Bria?" He smiled, hazel eyes filled with affection as his oldest son also looked up from his reading. "Will you, Ada?" "Yes!" Another son, this his youngest child, leaped up from the table and raced around the room. "I want to hear about the elves and wars and—" "Faelon." Placing the silver flute on the small table next to him, the man reached out to capture his son as he raced by. "Son," he laughed, "there will be no tales of war or battles tonight." "Aww…" Fingering the small wooden soldier in his hand, the boy sighed. "Will you tell us how they found you?" His wife came in and joined them, sitting next to the fire with a smile for him. The firelight lent her a glow and he smiled back, still amazed this beautiful, strong woman had agreed to be his wife. "Hmm…do I remember? It was a long time ago…." "Ada!" the children chorused. "You were chasing something," his eldest reminded him. " A bird!" "And wolves! And orcs!" "Son…" Chuckling as he settled his son in his lap, the man sighed and cast his mind back many years, to his childhood. "It was a week before Yule, and my family was traveling, for we were leaving the south to come north to my mother's kin…" ~*~*~*~ A flash of brilliant scarlet, fluttering in the limbs of a bare tree had first caught his attention. Bored with watching his father repair the wheel, and curious what the red was, the child ran to the trees lining the road to peer into the depths of the wood. Another glance behind, checking to see that his mother was still tending to his baby sister, and he trotted forward, into the forest. So long as he kept the wagon in sight, he would be fine. He was brave and hadn't Ada just said two days ago what a big boy he was becoming? With that in mind, Damrod stepped between the two trees at the edge of the road, and looked upwards for the flash of red. A trilling call ahead, one he'd never heard in the South, and the child took several steps forward, peeking around the base of a huge old oak, now bare of leaves. Nothing. Where had it gone? Was it a bird? Perhaps it was one of the elves his cousins had told him about. No…elves wore greens and browns and no one saw them unless they wanted to be seen. This… A flash of red, trilling call and the scarlet bird leaped off the branch where it had been watching the travelers, swooping deeper into the forest. With a grin of delight, Damrod followed, forgetting all about watching for the wagon in his excitement of the new bird. Dodging through the pines and oaks, stopping to look up, peering for the playful bird, the boy didn't realize he'd run so far until he tripped over a root and fell. He hadn't seen the root. It was getting dark! Damrod turned, heart beating fast. Where was the wagon? "Ada!" His voice echoed eerily in the thick old forest. "Nana!!" Panting now, he stumbled forward, back the way he thought he'd come. "ADA!" Why didn't they hear him and come get him? Maybe something had happened to them! So many had died from wolves and the hard winter… Dashing forward, heedless of the branches slapping at him, grabbing his arms, the child yanked free of the trees and ran as fast as he could back the way he thought he'd come. An old tree loomed up in the twilight, as tall and sturdy as an old man, gnarled branches like skinny old arms reaching for him. Damrod yelled and turned to run only to find there was an old dead tree that had fallen and blocked the way. No, no! This wasn't the way he came! Heart pounding, scared of the old trees now that it was dark, Damrod saw a path, and ran. He ran and ran for what seemed like his entire life, further than he had ever run. Surely by now he should be back at the road!! A cry and he went sprawling as a root grabbed his ankle and brought him down. Sobbing in fear, Damrod crawled under a bush and pulled his cloak as tightly around him as he could. He was lost! Lost and Naneth and Ada…were they looking for him? What had Ada said? To stay in place if he was ever lost. Shivering as the first flake of snow floated down, soon followed by more, Damrod curled up in a tight ball and wished with all of his seven years that he had never left the road. ~*~*~*~ "My buck is just as big!" Elladan did not quite pout as he watched Elorhir help tie the buck he'd just finished gutting on a pack horse. "Your's just has more points." "Means he's older." Frowning at the smirk on his brother's mouth, Elladan caught his captain's eye and offered a wry grin. Competition between the twins had always been fierce. "Do you think we have enough for the feast?" Nodding, sending a golden braid sliding down his chest, Glorfindel looked pleased. "Indeed. A boar, a brace of rabbits, and two fine bucks. Imladris shall feast well this Yule!" "Not to mention the pheasants and quail." Elrohir finished tying the last knot and patted the pack horses' neck. "Radhrim will be thrilled." It was a contented bunch of hunters that headed back to Imladris, Elrohir taking up a song first, even as the snow began to fall again. It started coming down heavily while they were yet several hours from the Last Homely House. Elves did not mind winter. Arda and all of her seasons were part of their very blood and flesh, but some liked it more than others. Glorfindel, a survivor of the Helcaraxë, was never bothered by the cold. Elladan, with a measure of human blood, was less enthusiastic, and rode with his hood up, hunched over his horse. "We shall have a snowy Yule," Elrohir declared, looking up at the grey clouds. Nudging his horse into a faster walk, Glorfindel nodded, then fell silent as his stallion suddenly stopped, ears pricked. Years of riding this horse had taught him to pay attention to its instincts. "What do you smell, Caranduin?" A snort and the chestnut stallion pawed the ground before taking a step forward. He shook his head as he lowered it, making the bells braided into his mane jingle merrily. There was something there. Glorfindel swung down from the horse, and took two steps forward, going to one knee to get a better look. He grunted as Caranduin nudged his shoulder. "Leave off, you great lug. I'm looking!" "What is it, Gofi?" Ignoring the pet name the twins had landed him with almost from the time they could speak, and yet not say his name properly, Glorfindel's eyes widened. "A child!" Reaching under the bush, he scooped the small form up and brought it to his lap. "He's freezing." "What is he doing out here so far from anything?" "Probably lost." Elladan, who hated the cold, swung off h is horse and pulled his fur-lined cloak off. "Wrap him in this." "We have to get him to Adar." Elrohir gnawed his bottom lip at the sight of the pale face, dark lashes like a bruise against the white of the boy's face. Wrapping the cloak around the boy who was still alive but still, so still, Glorfindel nodded. "'Ro, you are the lightest and fastest rider. Go ahead and alert your father to what we bring." The youngest of Elrond's twins was off before the last word was out of Glorfindel's mouth. "Here. Hand him up to me once I'm seated." Swinging up, Glorfindel reached for the child, and tucked him against his chest, holding him securely. "Let's go." ~*~*~ Imladris was ablaze with light and warmth when the hunters finally rode back in. Elrond was there, waiting in the courtyard, Elrohir next to him all but dancing a jig of impatience. Erestor stood on the steps behind, but moved forward as the riders stopped their mounts. "I know not how long he was there, but he is only a bit warmer." Glorfindel carefully handed his burden into Elrond's arms and only then swung down off his horse. "Under a bush, Elrohir told me." "Yes." "Come." Elrond smiled for his younger son who clearly wanted to help. "Let us see what we can do for our new visitor. As they hurried off for the healing wing, Glorfindel turned to smiled at Elladan. Teeth chattering, dark hair almost white with snow, he had his hands tucked tight under his arms. "Your generosity was greatly appreciated, 'Adi." As his mentor and tutor slung and arm around his shoulders, Elladan leaned into the warmth and nodded. "I hope he'll be alright." "He is young and humans are very resilient." Glorfindel stopped as Erestor turned from directing the groom's assistants with a gentle smile. "So…you could not resist bringing home some lost fledgling again, hmm?" Elladan chuckled, then quickly stifled it as Glorfindel glanced down at him. "Would you have me leave the child out there?" "Of course not!" Erestor put a hand up to Caranduin's nose as the stallion followed his master. "To the stables for you, muddy one. You cannot follow him in all places." A scratch to his ears and under the chin, a whicker for his elf, and Caranduin amicably turned to trot towards the stables where a rub-down and hot mash awaited him. "That horse is more dog than anything." Erestor dusted the chestnut hairs from his hands before leading the way into the house. "And yet you were the one who told me he would be a perfect mount." "Aye, for one who would sleep with a horse in his room if allowed." Elladan listened to the pair bicker for a while, it was one of the things that spoke of home, this warmth and teasing, before pulling free. "I'm going to see how Naneth is." His mother was carrying a babe, and though not far into the pregnancy, still grew tired quickly. "Don't tire her out, 'Adi," Erestor reminded the young elf. The twins were full of boundless energy that had taken every bit of skill when they were younger to direct. Even now they seemed to rarely be still. "I won't." A grin and the youth was off, whistling a rather bawdy version of a Yule tune. One black eyebrow rose. "You taught them that version?" "They're of age!" Glorfindel waved off the disapproving look and grinned. "Go fuss at someone else, old crow. I'm for a bath then to see how our new visitor is doing." "Old crow," Erestor muttered and sighed at the mud both Elladan and Glorfindel had tracked in on the polished wood floors. "Better than a mindless magpie!" ~*~*~*~ Elrond held the very small hand in his and gazed down into the child's face with a slight frown. A boy, probably around seven years. Human. Far too small to be out wandering the woods on his own, and though wet and filthy, the boy had not been undernourished. Where were his parents? It was entirely possible that wolves or orcs had come upon them, taken the