Nor Bid the Stars Farewell Chapter 1 This is not a work in progress. It's done, edited, beta'd and any mistakes are mine, all mine. I'll post frequently. :) Just to clarify, I'm using a map from Michael Martinez' post "Horror in the Woods - How Men Live in Mirkwood" to show the the lands east of the Misty Mountains. It's not exactly like the maps in Karen Wynn Fonstads's "The Atlas of Middle-earth" maps but this story takes place very early in the Third Age, approximately around 160 TA, long before the Istari arrived but not long after Sauron was defeated in the Last Alliance . Thranduil's cavern was not yet his home, and he lived in Amon Lanc, which later became the location of Dol Guldur. If it pleases you to consider it AU, go ahead, but I don't. ;) No Thranduils were hurt in the writing of this story. It is, as best I know, canon, though one idea from the movies was filched. Eilian is one of Daw the Minstrels' characters. I've borrowed him here with permission, and will return him to Mirkwood when he's done here. Daw writes the best Legolas stories I've read and Eilian was always my favorite, the scamp! Go read her stories. Now! ;) Dedicated to EverleighBain (my awesome, patient beta - please go read her stories), Nilmandra, Daw and all the others who, over the years, encouraged me with their friendship, their reviews, their stories and by being amazing women I greatly admire. I don't think I can ever tell you how much it means to me. I would have given up long ago but for your examples. Thank you. The fire was flickering low, more coals than true fire, when Elrohir gave up his pretence of rest and crept past his sleeping brother to approach the lone figure sitting near the coals. "You should be sleeping." So much for sneaking. Wrinkling his nose Elrohir huffed out a sigh. "I can't." "You'll regret it come morning." Ignoring the admonition, he crouched before the coals, adding a piece of wood to coax the embers to more warmth. "You let the fire die down." Elrohir held out chilled hands to the first flickering tongues of flame, adding another small branch when the first began to burn steadily. Glancing sideways to where their guide sat, Elrohir shook his head. It figured. Glorfindel didn't seem feel the cold as acutely as Elrohir and his twin, even riding with his hood down when cool rain had started to fall the previous day. "Did the cold wake you?" Moving close enough to the glowing coals that the tips of his boots began to smoke, Elrohir shook his head. "Elladan's dreaming." A pair of brown, scuffed boots settled next to his and Elrohir looked up as a heavy cloak fell over his shoulders and back. "His elbows are sharp." "Don't set your boots on fire, youngling." Glorfindel pulled Elrohir away from the fire, settling the boy next to him on the log currently serving as a seat. Pulling the cloak tightly around Elrohir, he waited until the boy stopped shivering and pulled the knife out of his boot. Examination showed it needed sharpening, and he pulled a whetstone from his saddlebag then set about remedying its dullness. The repetitious scraping sound was mesmerizing. Elrohir forced eyelids that felt far too heavy open and swallowed a yawn, focusing on the bright silver of the blade. The fire flickered on the metal and he blinked as Glorfindel caught at his shoulder. Chuckling, the older elf set aside his whetstone, returned the knife to his boot and put an arm around Elrohir's shoulders. "Pitching yourself in the fire will warm even you to an uncomfortable point, Elrohir." "What do you think Ada and Naneth are doing without us there?" Mind floating, Elrohir leaned into Glorfindel's warmth as his eyelids finally succumbed to the weight of gravity. "They must be lonely." Suppressing a snort, Glorfindel kept his ideas of what the twins' parents were doing in their absence to himself and stroked a stray wisp of long brown hair away from the boy's face. "I've no doubt it's far quieter without your presence, but don't forget they have Haldir and your grandparents to keep them company." A scoffing snort and Elrohir fought the pull of sleep on his senses. "They probably don't know what to do without us." Glorfindel smiled. At twenty, the twins were still decades away from their physical maturity, more akin to a human's pre-adolescent years, though more graceful than the gangly youths he'd seen in the mannish settlements. Growing fast in mind, spirit and body, but still so very young in his far older eyes. "They'll find something, don't fuss." Elrohir pushed himself away to stare indignantly at Glorfindel. "You don't think they miss us!" "Of course they do." There was a trace of laughter in that answer, and Elrohir wrinkled his nose. "Naneth had tears in her eyes when I looked back to wave at her, Gofi. They miss us." The insistent tone was delivered with an earnest plea. Ah. Was that what was keeping the youth awake? Homesickness? It wasn't the twins' first foray into the wilderness, but it was the first time their father hadn't come with them this far from home. Elrond, Celebrían, Galadriel, Celeborn and a host of escorts had gone to Khazad-dûm to negotiate with the Dwarves about a trade agreement. Elrohir had been very put out at not being allowed to go with them. His fascination with Dwarves was a source of amusement to his mother, but she had insisted that Dwarrowdelf, with its steep stairs and deep drops was no place for energetic, curious boys. Especially, she had added to Glorfindel when he agreed to take the twins out on their own journey, while tensions were so tense between the races. "Elrohir." Smoothing hair behind the boy's ear, Glorfindel met the earnest gaze. "They will count the days until you return, believe me." Searching the azure eyes a moment longer, Elrohir nodded and tucked himself against Glorfindel's side again. "Rainion said he'd make honey cakes when we return." The cook doted on the boys, but then who didn't in Lothlórien? Children were precious to Elves, but these two... They'd stolen his heart from the moment he'd first seen them, tiny hands reaching to grasp his finger with a strength that had surprised him. He'd looked up with a delighted smile to see Elrond grinning. 'I told you they wouldn't break if you held them!' His friend had been right, but the twins had been so small when they were born, each of them easily fitting into one cupped hand. They had looked fragile. Breakable. Elladan and Elrohir had proven to be remarkably break-resistant, regardless that they had pushed to the very edge of their limits and those of their frazzled parents. "Honey cakes, hmm?" A smile curled the boy's lips. "I'll give you some, Gofi," Elrohir slurred softly, and reached out to pat his mentor's arm. Glorfindel sighed. The name had been bestowed on him when the twins had been barely more than a year, and seemingly unable to pronounce his name correctly. They were long past that, easily able to pronounce his name, but the moniker had stuck, much to his dismay. Soft snores announced the boy was asleep, but Glorfindel only settled him closer. Elrohir was, by far, the more restless of the twins, and it was a rare night that he slept without at least one foray out of his and his brother's room. He was convinced that the night held far more entertainment than the day. Elrohir hated to be left out. More than once he'd dragged his twin to the Hall of Fire to listen to the singers only to fall asleep there and be carried to bed. Glorfindel had once found them curled together beneath a blooming apple tree, and Elrohir had protested when he'd tried to carry them to bed, claiming he'd only been resting for a moment from watching the stars. Explaining to a toddler that he had made his parents frantic with worry was a waste of breath. Glorfindel had sat with the twins, keeping watch, after sending a nearby star-watcher to alert Elrond and Celebrían where the scamps were. They were still pushing limits. Questioning boundaries. Glorfindel had shaken his head and gripped Elrond's shoulder before setting out on this trip. "My friend, " he had said with a knowing grin, " They have only begun to test our strength ." "And yet you still agreed to this journey ." Of course. He had returned from Aman, hadn't he? He accepted that there would be times that tried the patience of even a re-embodied elf who had known the hard truths of losing everything: friends, home, love. Life. Death was but a passage, a journey further up, further in. He had basked in the presence and illumination of the Secret Flame. What in this life could compare to that? Elrohir sighed in his sleep and twisted his fingers into the cloth of Glorfindel's sleeve as if to be certain of anchoring him in the present. Glorfindel smiled and cuddled the boy closer. How easily he and his brother had twined themselves into his heart. Effortlessly, and he had welcomed it, hadn't he? What was life if you did not welcome those journeying? Oh, the paths they wandered might take them away at times, sometimes for long stretches of years. But Glorfindel knew with unshakable certainty that all roads had but one end and there was no one with enough will or power to obliterate it. They tried, but warping and wresting did not diminish it and never would. Gaze rising to the night sky and the brilliant jewels scattered across the darkness, Glorfindel smiled. There was always light in the darkness for those who had eyes to see. "How much longer?" "Are we there yet?" Laughter met the questions, and Glorfindel leaned forward to pat his horses' neck. The mare snorted and shook her head, sending the small bells on her headstall chiming. She arched her neck, and pranced forward, each step accompanied by the ching of bells before finally settling into a ground-eating trot. "Why did you put bells on her?" Elladan frowned slightly, brow furrowing in a look reminiscent of his sire. "Shouldn't we want stealth?" As if there was such a thing with two rambunctious younglings riding with him? Only a league earlier Elrohir had been singing loudly enough to startle birds out of the trees. "Alfirin likes them." Glorfindel slowed the mare to a walk and turned his gaze upon Elladan, now riding next to him. "We go to meet friends. We have no need of stealth." Not to mention they were riding along the Anduin, and had already seen several groups of dwarves traveling towards Moria. Elrohir had been clearly delighted, so much so that even the dourest of the Dwarves had pleased enough to answer a question. Arms stretched straight out from his sides, reins on his horses' neck, Elrohir went trotting past, posting perfectly until the mare bobbled and he quickly grabbed for the mane, laughing. "Eilian is bringing Legolas, right Glorfindel?" "If his father allows, yes." "Why wouldn't he?" Circling his mount around, Elrohir came up to ride on Glorfindel's other side, opposite his twin. "Legolas is fun!" The twins had made Legolas' acquaintance several years earlier and had immediately found him a kindred spirit. A wry smile and Glorfindel privately reflected that Celeborn might have regretted bringing his grandsons with him when he met with Thranduil. Not that the meeting had gone badly. It had proceeded with just as many sarcastic remarks and drawled imprecations about Noldorin influence as expected. Upon reaching an agreement about the problem in question the two rulers had set out to ride to their respective havens, breaking apart the younglings who had become fast friends.