A/N: I know that I should be writing on my Damon/Bella story, but I heard this cover of Beyoncé's Crazy in Love by Sofia Karlberg, and I just fell in love with her version. If you want you can listen to it while reading it, but it's in no way mandatory. When I heard the song, I couldn't get this Drarry story out of my mind, so I decided to write it down instead. This is a one-shot, so it's already complete, but please let me know what you think anyway. I haven't got any real experience with writing one-shots. English is not my first language, so any grammatical errors is my fault, and probably because I don't know any better ;) Disclaimer: As always I don't own anything. JK Rowling owns the potter universe, I just play with it. The song belongs to Beyoncé and the version belongs to Sofia Karlberg. I look and stare so deep in your eyes, I touch on you more and more every time, When you leave I'm begging you not to go, Call your name two or three times in a row, Such a funny thing for me to try to explain, How I'm feeling and my pride is the one to blame. 'Cuz I know I don't understand, Just how your love can do what no one else can Got me looking so crazy right now, your love's Got me looking so crazy right now (in love) Got me looking so crazy right now, your touch Got me looking so crazy right now (your touch) Got me hoping you'll page me right now, your kiss Got me hoping you'll save me right now Looking so crazy in love's When I talk to my friends so quietly, Who he think he is? Look at what you've done to me, Tennis shoes, don't even need to buy a new dress, You ain't here, ain't nobody else to impress, It's the way that you know what I thought I knew, It's the beat that my heart skips when I'm with you, But I still don't understand, Just how your love can do what no one else can. It was a rather normal day at Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. Several hundred students were running in the halls to be able to get to class on time. The ghosts were trying to help students along by giving them shortcuts to be able to make it. At one place a Ravenclaw dropped his bag and all its content were spread all over the floor. One first year Hufflepuff got her leg trapped in the trick step on one of the staircases, while a group of Slytherins were trapped on another staircase which was in a mischievous mode and decided to deliver them to a completely different floor. All in all, a rather normal day. One of the students however, was not feeling the normalcy of it all as his world was rather focused on one thing, and that definitely wasn't the thought of getting to class in time. Draco Malfoy was sitting in an alcove just outside of the Transfiguration classroom wondering where his life was heading. The job the Dark Lord gave him seemed more and more impossible for every day. How in the hell was he supposed to both kill Dumbledore and get the Death Eaters an entrance to the school? His hands were burrowed in his blonde hair, so hard he was almost ripping it from its roots. He was so lost in thought that he didn't even look up when a shadow stopped in front of him. "Malfoy?", he had to look up when he heard that voice. It belonged to the bane of his existence, a certain golden boy-who-just-couldn't-leave-him-alone. When Draco's silver eyes met the amazingly green ones of the Gryffindor he couldn't help but get lost in the mass of emotions he found there. Potter really was so easy to read it was almost pathetic – if one knew where to look that is, and Draco knew. Oh, how he knew. He had been watching Potter from the first year and he found that he knew all about the Golden Boy. Draco knew how Potter's brows furrowed in that particular way when he couldn't figure out a problem in class. How his hair was even more unruly when there wasn't a wind in sight – not that Draco knew how that was even possible. How he scrunched up his nose at the Weasel's pathetic attempt at eating, even though Potter never said a word about it. How he had this annoying habit of pushing his glasses up with his finger every time Draco was just about to get a glimpse of the remarkably green eyes without any obstacles obscuring the color. Draco fought his way out of his line of thought before Potter would comment on his staring. Draco reluctantly removed his eyes from Potter and looked at the floor as if it had all the solutions to his problems. "What Potter? Can't find the way to the classroom on your own? Even I would think you had enough brains for that since you literally have to move down the end of this hall." He risked a look up at Potter and saw the familiar scowl reappear on Potter's face. It was the only facial expression Draco hadn't found a meaning for, yet. It was a new expression that only happened when Potter looked at Draco, and he couldn't, for the love of Merlin, figure out what it meant. "Sure, just skip right back into your old insults Malfoy." Oh Merlin, did Potter's voice always sound so deep and smooth up close? Who was Draco kidding, of course it did. If he closed his eyes and tried really hard he could almost imagine the rumble he would hear if he were to lay his head on Potter's chest. Shite, he really was pathetic and totally completely lost. He tore his eyes open again just as Potter turned and walked away. Potter looked back over his shoulder with the familiar yet confusing scowl on his face. "I was just wondering if you were okay you git." He turned his face away again and hunched his muscular shoulders (not that Draco noticed the muscles of said shoulders at all – okay, maybe he did a little bit, but there's no harm in looking, right?), put his hand in his pockets and stomped towards the Transfiguration classroom. Draco could almost feel the body heat of Potter leave his little alcove. He longed to call out for Potter. Oh, how he longed for it! He wasn't sure what he would say, but he'd give almost everything to have Potter hovering in front of him again. He almost felt like Potter's body heat could chase away the sickening cold he felt inside him all the time. To Draco, Potter's personality shone bright like a small sun, radiating the most amazing warmth that could warm even Draco's chilled bones. But as it was, the further away Potter moved the colder he got inside. The next time they met one on one it was Potter's turn to sit in a lone place. If Draco should guess from the facial expressions of the Golden Boy, he was trying to figure out a particular difficult problem. Potter's brows were furrowed and his eyes staring at nothing in particular. Draco stopped before he got to close, just stopped and stared. He was taking a moment to himself to completely memorize Potter's face and body – not that it was anything new, he already had it all memorized. Potter heaved a large sigh and bumped his head back against the wall multiple times with his eyes closed. "Trying to rid yourself of the last of your useful brain cells Potter?" Draco said with that sneer that was almost permanent in his voice. Draco couldn't help the small twitch the corners of his mouth made, when Potter tried to scramble to his feet fast. It was a rather amusing sight. Amusing – not cute! Potter got to his feet and tried to straighten out his clothes, not that it would do it any good with the state of distress his clothes was in. When Potter raised both his hand to comb them through his unruly hair – there was no wind today, so of course it looked more uncontrollable than ever – Draco had to bite his tongue in order to stop the small sound escaping him. He had no idea what sound it was, but it sure as hell wasn't a whimper, or so he tried to convince himself. Malfoys don't whimper after all. "Malfoy. What are you doing here?" Draco was convinced that the sound of insecurity he heard in Potter's voice was something he made up in his mind. "None of your business Potter" Draco spat. Then Potter's next action surprised him more than he would like. Potter simply shrugged and turned to walk away. Draco wasn't ready for the warmth inside of him to disappear yet. That warmth he got whenever he was close to Potter – it really was all that was keeping him sane at this point. "Potter!" He exclaimed while watching said man leave. "Potter!" He tried again. How dared the scar head to just leave like that! Didn't he know Draco wasn't finished with him yet? "Potter! For the love of Merlin, don't you dare ignore me!" If there was a hint of desperation in Draco's voice at this point he made certain to ignore it. Potter's back seemed to slump in what Draco could only guess was a sigh. When he turned around that scowl-which-has-yet-to-be-named was back on the dark-haired boy's face. "What Malfoy? I don't fancy wasting my evening listening to your insults." The misery was quite obvious in his voice if one knew him just as well as Draco did. A slightly panicky feeling started to erupt in Draco's chest. He had to find something to talk to Potter about so he wouldn't leave until Draco felt warm again. On their own accord, Draco's hands found their way into his platinum hair messing up that perfect hairstyle he tried so hard to maintain. "Why did you ask me if I was okay the other day?" Draco looked up to meet Potter's eyes while he could practically feel the confusion radiating of himself. Oh, how he hated to show a weaker side to Potter, but he would do just about anything to stay within reach of Potter, just to feel that warmth. Potter seemed to ponder over this for a rather long while. Draco didn't mind the silence, he just tried to suck up the light and the warmth. "I guess I was worried about you." Draco's eyes snapped open in confusion. He couldn't have heard that correctly. "You've been looking so down lately. You've lost weight and you just don't look the same way anymore." Potter blushed when his brain caught up to what he was saying. Draco had to fight a smile. So, the scar head had been watching him too? He didn't know what he should feel, but decided to go with that small fluttering in his belly, since that one brought even more warmth to his chilled insides. He tried, he really tried, to make his normal disdain clear in his voice. He really did, but it came out more of a soft whisper when he said: "You care about what happens to me?" Draco almost couldn't recognize his own voice. He had to keep his eyes on the floor, since he could feel them swelling with emotions he was nowhere near ready for Potter to see. A soft sound of fabric shifting gave Draco the impression of the other man shrugging. "Of course I do!" came the small whisper back. Draco's head unwillingly snapped up and he couldn't stop his eyes from meeting Potter's. He could clearly