Different Start Summary - Bella meets Edward in biology; right away., he knows Bella is his mate. His family are different, in a kinky way. Even though they are mated, they love to share, each other... To become a member of the Coven, things have to happen between them all. What will Bella think to this? Will she like or dislike the idea? All, Cullen kids, are seniors as well as Bella. Who turns eighteen in a couple weeks. Couples ExB, CxEs, JxA, EmxR Disclaimer - I do not own twilight or its contents, I DO NOT OWN TRUE BLOOD OR IT'S Chapter 1 When we entered the classroom, Angela went and sat at a black topped lab table, already having a neighbor. All the tables seemed full, except the one next to a boy. I recognized as Edward Cullen by his unusual hair. Sitting next to that single open seat. I walked down the aisle, introducing myself to the teacher. I was watching him surreptitiously. Just as I passed, he suddenly looked to me smiling. The teacher handed me some books, before telling me to go sit next to Edward Cullen. I quickly sat down in my seat. Placing my books on the table, the boy next to me was still smiling, when he spoke. "Hi, I'm Edward Cullen. You must be Bella?" "Yes, how you know my name?" He smiled. "You're the talk of the school. Do you prefer Isabella?" I looked to him shocked before replying "No, Bella is just fine." He grinned, as the teacher called the class to attention. All through class, I noticed Edward watching me. Grinning at all time. When the bell finally rung, I stood placing all my things in my bag. When I notice Edward watching me as he placed his books into his bag. "What you have next Bella?" He asked. I was shocked but quickly answered. "Gym" His smile grew. "I have the same. I'll walk with you if that's alright with you?" I nodded We left the room, leaving students staring after us. We walked to gym getting their quickly. I quickly noticed more of his family in this class besides just himself. "So, you're Chief Swan's daughter?" "Yes" He nodded. We walked over to the coach. "Coach, this is Bella Swan she's new." Coach looked to me smiling. "Welcome to Forks Bella. You're dad's a good guy." I nodded. Handing him my slip. He signed quickly. "Were, playing basketball today. Do you know how to play?" "I was captain, of the male team in Phoenix." He grinned. Edward looked shocked but smiled slightly. "Really, head of the male team, let's see what you can do shall we?" I grinned "Sure" He smiled Sending us all to go change. I got into some sweats and a vest top with my trainers. I walk out to most the guys staring at me. I forgot about my back tattoo's with this top would be showing. "Okay let's have two teams Cullen, you pick for red. Isabella you pick for blue." I looked to the coach surprised. "How come she gets to pick? She's a girl." I remember the boy being named Mike. Before the coach could answer I did. "Because I was, head of boys basketball team in Phoenix." "Whatever, prove it!" I looked to coach, he smiled, nodding as he passed me the ball. "Okay see the basket over there in the corner. I say, I can shoot the basket from here, with my back turned." He smirked. I turned around before shooting the basket hearing it go in. I turned back around to see the shocked faces on everyone including the coach. I smirked "Wow!" "Told you." I looked to the coach he was smiling. "Okay, let's decide on teams. Isabella you start." "Sure. Angela." She smiled, coming over standing next to me. Emmet quickly picked someone named Eric. I looked to Angela. We discussed low for a second before I grinned. "Jasper" He smirked. Coming over. Emmet looked shocked, but picked someone else. "Rosalie." Emmet looked piss** off now, so he picked Edward. "Alice" I spoke. In the end, Emmet had mostly boys and a couple girls. I ended up with most the Cullen's/Hales and the rest of the class. "Okay you know the rules, so let's begin." We started Emmet quickly got the ball. I quickly stole it off him shooting it into the basket smirking. We carried on winning 10:2 to us. I laughed when the game ended. Coach called class over before calling me over with the Cullens and Hales. "You can play. I've not seen someone, as good you since the Cullens joined us." "Well, it helps with having a step dad into sports. But also on the Arizona Diamondbacks team." He looked to me shocked. "Well, welcome to the class. How do you feel joining the male basketball team?" "Love to when's the practice?" "After school on Thursday. Can you make it?" "Of course bye coach." He nodded going off. I turned to find Emmet behind me. "You're one hell of a player." "I've been known to know a few things, shame you getting beat by a girl today." He looked to me shocked. I walked to the changing room. The girls following. Leaving him standing there shocked. When I was changed, they approached me. I decided to change my cloths to my other set I brought in. So I could go straight out when I finished. "Hi I'm Alice this is my sister Rose." A small pixie spoke. I laughed gently. "I'm Isabella Swan, but call me Izzy. I prefer that name." They grinned. We talked a little as we walked out of gym class. Again everyone stared. We walked over to their other siblings. They followed me to the office, were I handed the slip to a lady named Mrs Cope. "How was your day dear?" "Great, I need to mention, I'm not in tomorrow. Charlie said he spoke about me missing the day." she smiled "Of course we understand, why. Make sure you catch up with work on them days." "Sure" I walked out the office, with them following, again. When we got to the parking lot, everyone stopped speaking as we approached their car and mine. Rose looked surprised to see a Mercedes Benz SLR Malaren Roadster parked in the lot. I smiled walking over to it taking my keys out my pocket. "This is your car?" She spoke, looking at me in awe. "One of my car's." Her mouth opened a couple times, before she squealed with excitement. I felt they joy coming from her in the bucket loads. "Rose, how you feel about a ride in her?" Her grin grew and she started, jumping up and down, like a three year old. She came over hugging me. I unlocked the car. She quickly got into the passenger seat, as I took the driver seat. I pressed a button which takes the roof down. Before we looked to her siblings. They looked shocked but were smiling. "Well, we meet you at your house. Bye!" I quickly started the car, pulling out the space speeding out the lot. Heading to the main road. "How you get to your place Rose?" She smiled telling me directions. I followed them speeding up as we saw the others passing us. I told Rose to hold on before speeding up to 150mph over taking them quickly. Turning onto their driveway. I slowed down to 50mph. "Rose, were about to unsafe park. Best to hold onto whatever you can." She nodded. I quickly did a 360 degrees spin parking the car by the steps. Rose looked to me shocked "How did you do that?" "I learnt, how to drive. It's good?" "Yes" She got out I quickly jumped over the door landing on my feet. Rose came around putting her hand around my waist. I locked the car putting the hood up. We walked up the steps into the house. We were just going into the house when I noticed Rose looking to me before we fell. I looked to see we missed the step into the house. I started laughing when Rose joined in. "What the hell?" Rose spoke "We missed the step Rose." We got up as I saw the others park. We made it to the living room. When we got there, we were met by two people. I looked to Rose. She looked shocked still. "I still can't believe I missed the step." "Rose calm down. It's a step and you were looking at something else may I add." She grinned. "Fine, Izzy meet my adoptive parents Carlisle and Esme." I looked towards the couple standing close together they were smiling "Nice to meet you both. Rose can't stop talking about you. On the entire drive here." They grinned shaking my hand. They stepped back as my phone rang "Oh dear" I mumbled. Grabbing my phone out my bra picking it up. "Hey?" " Don't you hey me. You were supposed to phone before. We've been worried all day. Why are you going to Forks High anyway?" "Because I live in Forks and I'm not driving to you every day. I'm fine" "Really, are you on your way down?" "Nope, I'm out for the night." " Where?" "No were for you to know. Sam drop the subject. I know and I don't care. Let's say I'm neutral okay." " There dangerous." "Yes they are just like you are." " That's not the point." "Sam can I ask one question? Please." " Go on" "Have you ever met them?" " No" "No, so do not make judgements from you're legends. Things change and not only that, not all of them are true facts." " Right" "Sam do not start this again. I do what I like and you stay on the res, are we clear?" " Trust me any trouble and I don't care." "You listen to me Sam Uley, I don't give a crap about your enemies but if I so much as hear you crossed that line. So help me god you be wishing to be dead. When I'm finished with you or anyone of the pack. Am I clear?" " Perfectly got to go, Emily needs me." "Bye" I hung up Putting my phone back in my bra. I looked to Rose she was grinning. "I knew it Emmet pay up." Rose spoke Emmet looked shocked. "Hang on, does she know what we are?" "Emmet you're Vamp. Veggie with gold eyes, pale skin and can only be killed by fire." He looked to me shocked. "Now pay the wife." Rose giggled holding her hand out. He muttered something, before handing Rose money. "I told you Emmet not to bet against Rose." Alice spoke. I looked to her smiling. "Neat power" She smiled. "But yours Jasper is the best.." He grinned "What about mine?" Edward asked "It's okay. I let you in on a secret. I'm a mental and physical shield. Unless, I allow you to read my mind you'll never get in." Everyone laughed, as his smile disappeared. "Good to know." I grinned "May I ask you a question Isabella?" Carlisle asked I looked to him. "Call me Izzy, but go ahead." "How is it that you have powers?" I grinned "I'm what Eleazar calls a copycat. I can copy powers if people are 4 meters away from me." "That sounds interesting. What powers do you have?" "Power to control the elements, telepathy, seer, empathy, teleporting and a few others." "You're powerful but controlling the elements. I never witnessed that." I grinned "Would you like to see?" He grinned nodding. I pulled Rose with me, we walked out the back of house followed by Carlisle. "Okay, I will show you wind, then fire, the rain then earth." He nodded. I picked the wind up twisting my finger to a tornado speeding it up for a couple minutes