Summary - Bella returns to Charlie's four months pregnant after being raped. When she goes to school, she meets her soul mate and his family - but how does she know about Vampires and Shifters? Disclaimer: I do not own twilight or it's contents. Chapter One - Return I moved back to Charlie's two days ago after ten years of living with Renee. He's been great about making sure I'm resting, not lifting too much, and he's even learnt how to cook. My car arrived yesterday, which Charlie was happy about, since I needed something to help me get around to my appointments and school. Today was my first day at Forks High School, and I was up at 6:00am with the baby kicking. After I showered, I dressed in Jeans, a loose top, and pair boots with two-inch heels, then went down to find Charlie cooking. I grabbed some fresh orange juice and poured us both a glass, then set the table as Charlie brought over Bacon, eggs and sausage. As we ate, we talked about stuff until I noticed it was getting late. I quickly washed my plate, then ran upstairs to brush my teeth and have one last check in the mirror. "I'm off dad!" I yelled as I came back down. "I've got my phone if you need me or if I need to call you!" "Sure, Izzy, have a good day!" Outside my house, I headed to my midnight blue Mercedes c300 luxury sedan that Phil and Renee got me. I quickly arrived at school in no time and pulled into the parking lot. I was heading toward the boot when I heard a squeal. I smiled when I recognized Jessica and Lauren behind me "Izzy!" Jess shouted. "Hi, Jess, Lauren," I said as they walked over I grabbed my bag and drink before I closed the boot and turned towards them. "What are you doing in Forks?" Lauren asked. I slung my bag over my shoulder. "I'm living with Charlie, now." "Heard you're knocked up," Lauren sneered. "Yes, I am." "What? Did the father knock you up, then kick you out?" Jess stopped moving then. She knew why I was pregnant. I looked at Lauren. "No, actually. His father is doing life in prison." I locked the car as I turned and walked away. Jess shouted something at me, so I stopped, turning slightly. I was near some other kids standing next to a Volvo. "What, Jess? Did you come to get the gossip about me now?" "No," she answered, "I came to say I'm sorry." I looked at her. "It's too late for that, Jess, but keep your mouth shut about what happened, okay?" Her smile faded away. "I won't. I promised I wouldn't say anything, and my mum would kill me." "As long as you keep your mouth shut, we're good. Only you, Charlie, and your mum know what happened, and I don't need that shit here; Phoenix was bad enough. I mean it Jess." "I know," she answered glumly looking down at the ground "I'm really sorry I let you down. Let me know if you need any help, though." I shook my head, staring off toward my car as she sighed and walked back over to a group of kids. I closed my eyes, turned around and headed towards the office. When I got inside, a woman handed me a slip and my schedule, and told me someone was coming to help me during my first week. I nodded and had just sat down when a small pixie entered the office and approached me. "Hey, you must be Isabella. I'm Alice, and I'm here to help you out this week," she said. Smiling, I stood to greet her. "Thank you, and please, call me Izzy." Alice smiled and asked for my schedule. She glanced over it and told me all my classes were with her or some of her siblings." I nodded, then we headed off to first class: Government. Knowing I shared this class with Alice made me a little less nervous. "So you moved from Phoenix?" she asked. I nodded "Yes, I wanted to live with my dad." "Cool! How far along are you?" "I'm four months." She smiled, and continued talking as we went inside the classroom. She introduced me to the teacher, who signed my slip, and placed me next to Alice in class. The teacher also handed me work to catch up on, among other things. The classes droned on until it was time for lunch. Alice helped me carry my work to my car before we walked to the cafeteria. "Would you like to sit with me and my siblings?" Alice asked. "Sure, let's grab something to eat." She smiled, following me to the line; I grabbed some food before walking over to a table with Alice, laughing as we walked. "Are you serious? You did that?" Alice asked as she helped me with my tray "I've done a lot, but that was a couple weeks ago with a few people." She laughed as we sat down, then she introduced to me to everyone first there was Emmet and Rosalie who were a couple, then Edward quickly saying he was her boyfriend before moving onto Jasper who was single. When I looked at them all I stopped at Jasper for a couple seconds before looking back to Alice. She explained how they're all adopted, and Jasper and Rosalie were twins looking at them both they look similar. "So why move back to Forks?" Alice asked, continuing our discussion. "It's complicated. I wanted to be with my dad for my last year, and Phoenix holds a lot of memories; some good and some not. I wanted a change, especially now." "Cool," she nodded. "What about the dad?" I stiffened slightly, seeing her siblings watching as well. "He's doing life in prison." Alice looked shocked, but I started eating as she turned her gaze to one of her siblings who wore a strange look on her face. "Sorry, I didn't mean to get too personal." I glanced up at her. "It's okay; it's just…I don't like talking about him." She nodded as silence fell over the table. I continued eating until I felt a kick. I placed my hands on my stomach, taking a deep breath. "You okay, Izzy?" Alice asked, concerned. "Oh yes; the baby's just kicking again." Alice laughed. "May I?" she asked. I nodded, and she placed her hand on my stomach. The baby kicked again, which cause us both to laugh. "It's amazing!" I nodded. "I know," I agreed, nodding "The feeling keeps me up most nights." Alice and her siblings laughed again. "I know!" she exclaimed. "How about you come over to our place tonight for dinner?" I looked over at her, shocked. "I don't know." "Oh come on; it'll be fun," one of her siblings said. "Okay," I smiled, "but I have an appointment straight after school with Dr. Cullen." "He's our adoptive dad;" Alice replied. "Do you mind if I join you? I could help you find our house, then." "You don't mind?" I asked. "It's just a check-up, what with the flying and everything." "Of course not," Alice said, "I'd love to." I nodded, and after we dumped our trays, we headed off to classes. Alice helped me take my books to my car again before saying goodbye to her siblings. We took off to the hospital. The appointment went well; Dr. Cullen was really lovely. Alice held my hand as he checked me over before doing the ultrasound. He printed off some photos, and wrote the gender on a piece of paper, which he then placed inside an envelope. All three of us left the hospital together. I let Alice drive my car to their house, while Dr. Cullen followed in his. When we got out of the cars, I was still holding the envelope he'd given me, and Alice noticed. "Do you want to know?" she asked. I looked over at her. "I don't know." She smiled. "Just wait until you're ready to know, then look." I nodded as we went inside, but I stopped when we got to the living room. Alice looked back to me with a curious expression. "Would you look with me?" I asked, waving the envelope. She looked shocked, but smiled and nodded. She walked over as I took a breath, and opened the envelope slowly. She took the paper out, and handed it back to me I read it slowly before smiling. Gender s a girl. "A girl," Alice whispered. I nodded and smiled. "Yes." She laughed. "You nervous?" "Very but mostly scared." She put her arm around my shoulders. "You don't have to be; from what I can see, you're strong and very scary." "You saw that with Jessica, then?" "Yes," Alice replied. "What was it about?" "She told a lot of people she knew in Phoenix about what happened to me a few months ago, and it spread. I haven't trusted anyone since then." "I'm sorry." I looked over to her. "Why are you sorry?" "It sounds like you've been through a lot. I just feel sorry." "Thank you." We were interrupted when someone cleared their throat. "Oh, Izzy, this is our adoptive mum, Esme. Esme, this is Izzy." I looked over at the woman Alice was introducing. "It's lovely to meet you, Mrs Cullen." She smiled. "Oh please, dear, Esme will be fine." I smiled. "Of course, Esme." "How about we all sit down," Carlisle suggested. I sat in a chair as the others took the sofas and other two chairs. "So, Izzy, how far along are you?" "Four months." She smiled. "That's wonderful, dear." I smiled, I answered with a nod. "Can I ask how you got pregnant?" Rosalie asked. I looked over at her then looked down. "I don't think you'll like how I got pregnant." "Please" she asked. I took a couple deep breaths before nodding. "This isn't an easy story so please try not to interrupt 'til I finish; I don't think I could stop and start again if you did." They nodded, and I took another deep breath before I started. "Four months ago, I had a huge row with my mum about some things that were happening. I went out drinking with some friends; they went home, but I didn't want to put up with my mum. So I decided to book into a hotel. I didn't realize I was being followed until I got up to the hotel room. I was opening the door when he came up behind me with a knife. He told me to be quiet and open the door. "I did as he asked; I won't go into details – I can't. I'm sorry. Anyway, that night he tied me down and gagged me, then raped me twice. When I woke up the next morning, I was alone and he'd untied me. I picked my phone up and called my mum, told her what happened. She rushed to the hotel with my step-dad, Phil. They phoned the police and an ambulance; I was bruised and had a broken leg. Renee made sure I didn't shower so that they could try to find him. "A couple days later, the police told me they had him in custody. Apparently he was a serial rapist who had raped four other women before me, but mine was more serious than the others. The trial lasted over a month. The third week, I got sick, and was in hospital. The doctor ran some tests, and the next thing I know is I'm pregnant. The courts found out pretty quick, and his lawyer demanded a DNA test; it came back as his and mine. They questioned me in court about things I'd never done and places I'd never been to. "He got sentenced to life in prison without parole for the rapes.