Hi! I've been working on this fic for four years, but more often than not, it's been on the back burner while I worked on other things. It's nearly completely written, 20 chapters and about 170,000 words, and is currently being beta read and edited. I don't know how often I'll be able to update, but I'm hoping for every other weekend. Life is just a bit too hectic right now for more often. It was important to me to publish it today, because today is the 97th anniversary of the 19th amendment going into effect, giving American women the right to vote, which you'll see the significance of as the story progresses. Stepping from Shadows will be the first part of a two part fic, but the second half hasn't been started at all, and I honestly don't know when I'll be able to. I believe it can stand alone, but a secondary story line will be open ended if I can't get part two finished. The title comes from Alfred, Lord Tennyson's "The Lady of Shalott." A huge thank you to everyone who over the years has helped make this fic happen, from those on A Different Forest who've offered their expertise on details, to the multitude of betas who've read a chapter or chapters from way back with Project Team Beta, to all those who've volunteered to help me since then. You're all stars! An especially loud shout out to Raum for her years-literally, years -of support and encouragement. It's been a long time since I posted a Twilight fic, so I'm out of touch. If anyone knows of any fic rec'ing sites where I can post teasers for the next chapter, please let me know. . Disclaimer - All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. . But in her web she still delights To weave the mirror's magic sights, For often thro' the silent nights A funeral, with plumes and lights And music, went to Camelot: Or when the moon was overhead, Came two young lovers lately wed: "I am half sick of shadows," said The Lady of Shalott. Alfred, Lord Tennyson . STEPPING FROM SHADOWS Chapter One "How's it going over there?" Edward asked, referring to the jigsaw puzzle his best friend promised would be a couple of motorcycles when he finished with them. Edward shook his head. He knew his friend was a born mechanic and could take apart anything and put it back together, but the old bikes they'd picked up had hardly qualified as motorcycles when he'd started on them, and Edward was afraid Jake had met his match in the broken-down old relics. The bikes had been but put out with the garbage after all, and even Jake couldn't work miracles. "You just let me worry about mine, and I'll let you worry about yours." Jake's back was to him, but Edward could hear the smirk in his friend's voice. "Make yourself useful back there. Hand me a socket wrench." Edward looked up from his laptop, his fingers paused mid-word. "A what?" "Oh, God. You're useless. You're sure you're a guy, right? Tell me again why I let you hang around with me?" Edward grinned and smacked his friend in the back of the head with a beat up, paperback copy of The Catcher in the Rye . "Because otherwise you'd have to write your own damn English papers. And you'd fail." Rubbing his head exaggeratedly, Jake laughed. "Right. Knew there was a reason." He grabbed the needed socket wrench. "So, how's the paper coming?" Edward typed one more sentence and hit save. "You just finished." "Cool. How'd I do?" "Maybe a B minus, if your teacher is in a good mood." "What? Couldn't get me an A?" "Oh, I could. But who'd believe it?" "Smart ass." "Oh, hey. Did I tell'ya? We're getting new kids at school after Easter," Edward said as took the flash drive out of a USB port. "You did at least read the Cliff notes in case she asks you a question, right?" "Sure, sure. Thanks, man. I owe you one." "You owe me a couple dozen," Edward responded, pointing to the bikes. "Just get those fixed up, and we'll call it even." "Shit! Fuck! Dammit!" A wrench landed with a sharp clang on the cement floor as Jake swore loudly, clutching his right hand in his left and cradling it against his chest. Edward jumped up. "What happened? You okay?" "Goddammit!" "Let me see." Edward took his friend's injured hand. As he'd known it would, Jacob's hand felt like he was running a high fever. However, while it was not a surprise, the hot temperature of his friend's skin was still a shock. There was some rare genetic thing that made Jake's body temperature run high—like, very high. High enough to be uncomfortable to the touch. He would outgrow in time, his father had told him. Jake's father'd had it at their age, too. Edward didn't pretend to understand it. The cut looked bad. Blood was dripping from Jake's palm down his forearm, and Edward felt the room start to spin. He never had been able to stand the sight of blood—something that embarrassed him to no end. Knowing his friend's reaction to the sight of blood, Jake tried to pull his bleeding hand back. "Last thing we need is you passed out on the floor." "I'm not going to pass out, dumbass. Puke, maybe. Jake, this looks bad. I think you need to have this looked at. We should get your dad. I think you're gonna need stitches." "Nah," Jake said, grabbing a clean kitchen towel from the clothes line and wrapping it around his hand. "We're made of tougher stuff than you palefaces." "Jake—" "Don't make a big deal about it." Jake pulled the towel away. "Look. See? It's stopped bleeding already." Unbelievably, it had. But Edward was still doubtful. Bleeding or not, the cut looked bad—an angry, jagged red line across Jake's palm. "You'n Charlie are coming for Easter dinner, right?" Jake asked, changing the subject. His mind still on the cut on Jake's hand, Edward answered, "'Course." A moment later, putting his laptop in his backpack as an excuse to not have to look at Jake, he asked hesitantly, "Leah around?" Jacob grabbed an old bed sheet he kept in the shed to wipe grease off his hands while he was working and tore a piece of fabric from a still-clean corner to wrap around his injured hand. He glanced at Edward out of the corner of his eye before turning away and resuming his work on the bikes. "You're not still after Leah, are you? I thought you got that idea out of your head. Dude, you gotta let it go. It ain't happening." Keeping his eyes averted, Edward shrugged. His unrequited crush on the daughter of one of his father's closest friends was as much of a source of embarrassment to him as his reaction to the sight of blood. Edward had once believed Leah Clearwater to be his one-and-only, the love of his life, the only girl in the world for him—but he'd been all of twelve years old at the time, and he'd gotten over it quickly enough once school had started back up in September and all of Lauren Mallory's shirts had seemed to have shrunk over the summer. Leah hadn't been interested then, and she wasn't interested now, not even after having had her heart broken by her jerk of an ex-boyfriend. His friend sighed. "You could get any girl you wanted—except one—and that's the one you decide you want." "If I could get any girl I wanted, I promise you, I wouldn't be spending my Friday afternoon with you, in a garage, doing your homework." As was so often the case in the Pacific Northwest, the sky above was dark and ominous. It had started drizzling by the time Edward left Jake's to meet up with his father for dinner, but the real rain promised in those thick, grey clouds wouldn't arrive until later—or so promised the weatherman. Edward was running late, but as he pulled into the parking lot at Pacific Pizza, he noticed his dad's patrol car wasn't there yet. He glanced up at the sky as he pulled the key from the ignition. By the look of things, he didn't think the chances of the real rain holding off as long as the forecaster had said were very good. Inside the restaurant, one of his classmates was working behind the counter, and she smiled at him as he entered. "Hey, Edward. Meeting your dad?" "Hey, Katie. Yeah, he should be here soon." As Edward opened the cooler to grab himself a can of Sprite, he remembered Jake's words from earlier. Katie had smiled at him when he came in. . . . Jake's right. This thing for Leah's fucking embarrassing—wanting a girl who clearly couldn't care less if she ever saw me again. I don't think Katie's seeing anyone. I wonder if she's got a date for prom? Edward slid the cooler door shut, debating with himself. Katie Marshall was cute, he thought, though he'd never considered her as anything more than the girl who lived around the corner. She had straight red hair that she'd worn the same way—cut to her chin and pulled back from her face with a headband—since they were children. There was a scattering of freckles across her nose, and she had bright blue eyes that crinkled prettily when she laughed. One of the tallest girls in their class, she had a slim, athletic build, which had gotten her a spot on the varsity girls' basketball team in their freshman year. He wondered why he'd never noticed how pretty she was. The door opened behind him, and Edward turned, expecting to see his dad, but rather than his father, he saw that another classmate of his had come in. He also saw that the smile Katie gave him wasn't the same smile he himself had gotten. Edward sighed. So much for that idea. So, Eric Yorkie and Katie Marshall . . . They were a rather odd couple, Edward thought—Katie was athletic and Eric was, well, something of a geek. A reporter for the school paper, Eric wore dress shirts and ties with his jeans and sneakers. But he was a good guy, and the way they were making doe-eyes at each other, Katie looked on top of the world. They smiled goofy smiles as they whispered between themselves, and Edward chose a booth where the seat cushions weren't as badly torn as the rest and sat facing the parking lot. He told himself he was being polite—trying to give Katie and Eric some privacy while they talked—but in reality, he knew he didn't feel up to seeing the two of them so obviously into each other. Not when the girl he wanted to smile at him like Katie smiled at Eric didn't give a flying fuck about him. While he waited for his father, Edward mentally ran through all the girls at school who he was at least reasonably sure he hadn't heard any of the guys say they'd planned to ask to prom. There was no one at school he was remotely interested in—but it was just prom, just one night. He wasn't the most popular guy at school by any means, but he had plenty of friends. He was athletic—by far the best cross country runner in the county, even as only a junior. He was tall and not too bad looking. It was only prom, only one night; he had to be able to find someone to go with, he told himself. He was smart and funny. . . . Fuck, isn't that what girls always say when they try to let you down easy? You're smart and funny, but I just don't like you like