All credits belong to J.K. Rowling except for my personal character, Gemini Mason The day was September 1st, 1976. The halls of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry were now teeming with students varying from ages eleven to seventeen, all dressed in their same, black robes and grey uniforms, only differentiated by the ties and emblems that were attached to their uniforms of four different colored houses: Gryffindor with fire engine red and gold, Slytherin with emerald green and silver, Ravenclaw and royal blue and bronze and Hufflepuff in canary yellow and black. Each house member shuffled their way to different ends of the Hogwarts castle, turning in for the night after their Start of Term feast, to gather in their common rooms and talk amongst each other before turning in to bed before their first day of classes the next morning. A group of three girls wondered up the moving staircases, pushing through the crowd of students, towards the 7th floor landing. One of the girls had her blonde hair braided down her back and her blue eyes glinting with laughter as she watched the other two girls purposely shove into other students. Her hands were shoved into the pockets of her robes and she politely said ' excuse me ' as she tried to move up the stairs. Another one of the girls was also blonde haired, but her curly strands were about two shades darker and fell to her shoulders in beachy waves. Her dark eyes were narrowed with mischief, her loud laugh ringing off the halls. The last girl of the trio was much darker haired. Her ebony curls fell in tight ringlets in a waterfall down her back, so long they skimmed the base of whatever seat she may be sitting on. Her dark hair was contrasted nicely with olive toned skin and almond shaped, emerald green eyes. Dark freckles were splattered over the skin of her cheeks and her small, pixie-like nose. Her dark robes hid her athletic and fuller, womanly figure but her strong legs propelled her quickly up the stone steps towards the Fat Lady in her horribly atrocious painting. "Blood-flavored lollipops." The blonde haired girl smiled, kindly, despite the antics she had just been acting out on the stairs with her dark haired companion. Sitting beside the crimson and gold emblem on her robes was another small pin that read Prefect . The Fat Lady nodded and opened the portal that sat behind her, the familiar warmth of their common room rolling out to greet them. The other two girls crawled through, while the dark haired blonde stood to the side, holding open the painting to let in the younger members of her house. "Come on, come on. Hurry up. Lets go. No pushing ." The two other 6th year Gryffindors had taken up seats just beside the fire place, excited that they had managed to snag the spot before any other greedy members of her house. The dark haired girl lounged across a love seat, draping her legs across the plush cushions, her robe now thrown across the back of the furniture to reveal thickly muscled thighs and toned calves that were covered by a grey plaid skirt that fell to a few inches above her knees and thick, black socks that completely covered those nicely toned calves. She kicked off her black ballet flats that were starting to give her a blister and sighed as the heat of the fire warmed her cold toes. "I missed this." She sighed, resting her head back over the arm of the couch. Her blonde haired friend smiled, curling up in a chair and hugging an overly stuffed pillow to her chest. "Mmm," She sighed, closing her eyes, "I love how warm they keep it in here." It was only a few more moments before their other companion toppled to the floor directly before the fire, stripping off her dark robes and tossing them away in the direction of the dark haired witch. "Toss me a pillow." She grumbled. The brunette laughed, kicking one off the end of the couch and in her direction. "Thanks." She grumbled. "Eat too much again, Bekah?" She asked, resting her forearm over her forehead. Her dark curls had cascaded over the arm of the couch, falling to touch the floor behind her. Rebekah Mortison groaned, curling up in a ball on the floor. The other girls laughed. She had a tendency to overeat and get a stomach ache, very suddenly, about twenty minutes later. "Why does this always happen to me?" The brunette witch rolled her eyes, reaching up to unconsciously begin french braiding her hair. "Because you dont know how to pace yourself." She explained, quite simply. The blonde haired Prefect gave another groan. The girls had snuggled into the plush furniture, watching as the younger students and newly sorted First Years walked around the room, taking everything in before they started heading towards their own dorms. The black haired witch had just started to doze off, warm and cozy with the fire that was roaring before her, when the shrill voice of her worst enemy decided to grace her with her presence. "Alice, how are you?" Lily Evans asked, standing beside Alice Prewett, the blonde haired witch in the chair. Alice looked up at the redhead with a polite smile. "Im well, how are you Lily?" Lily Evans gave her a smile as well, nodding her head and turning her attention to the witch on the couch, to which her smile turned down into a distasteful frown. "Mason." She stated with a stiff nod. Gemini Mason glared right back from beneath her forearm. "Evans. To what do we owe the honor?" Lily Evans shifted herself, standing up straighter and pushing out her chest as if to bring more attention to the gold pin on her breast that also read Prefect . She sniffed haughtily. "I am here to remind you that there is a new curfew this year of 9 o'clock sharp ." She stared down her nose towards Gemini, who practically snarled right back. "Yes, Evans. Dumbledore already went over that. And if you havent realized, I have my own Prefect to ride my arse about curfews." She snapped, motioning towards Bekah on the floor that was staring up at Evans wondering where the hell she got off . Lily went to make another comment when a voice rang across the common room, causing all four witches to freeze. "Oi! Evans! Missed you over the holidays!" Lily visibly bristled at the sound of the male voice that cut through the commotion of the common room like a warm knife through butter. All four sets of eyes turned their attention to the four sixth year boys that had just walked through the portrait hole. James Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew smirked at them, wondering over to the fireplace. Gemini rolled her eyes, dropping her arm back down over her eyes, but the small glimpse she did have of the group, she could silently appreciate the wonders that the summer had done for them...or, well, most of them. In the last few months, Potter had grown a number of inches, his dark hair as messy as ever but his body had filled out more and toned up with the increase of hormones that, no doubt, flowed through him. His shoulders were broader, his chest was larger and she could easily see the increase in muscle over his entire body. He, too, had discarded his robe somewhere, the grey vest over his white shirt, was tight over his chest and his black slacks doing nothing to hide the strong muscles of his legs. Black had definitely changed for the better as well, while his black hair still fell to his shoulders, it seemed he had tamed it into ' just-rolled-out-of-bed-but-Im-not-homeless ' look. His tie was loosened and the first three buttons of his shirt were undone to show off the tanned skin of his chest. He, also, had filled out with broader shoulders and a stronger torso. James was only an inch or two taller, but there was no doubt that Sirius Black towered over her like a giant. Remus Lupin was by far the tallest, however. He was still skinny, but not in a gangly way, anymore. His sandy blonde hair was long but well kept, and swept out of his dark brown eyes. His scars were a bit more noticable than the last she had seen him, and she was sure that was simply because of the many days spent in the sun over the summer. He gave her a kind smile before she had fallen back into the darkness with her arm over eyes. Pettigrew was simply just as plump and round as always. He carried two slices of pie with him. "Potter. Dont you have someone else to annoy?" Lily snapped, crossing her arms over her rather well endowed chest. Gemini knew that prick was smirking. "Of course not, love! You're the only one worthy of my attention!" She couldnt help it, she snorted. "You're pathetic, Potter." She scoffed, not bothering to glance up from beneath her arm. She could feel the eyes of the boys on her. "Mason." She could hear his smirk. "Summer's treated you well." She forgot that her legs were rather open for all to see, but at that point, she didnt really care. She lifted her arm and glanced back, her attention roaming over Potter, who was standing with his hand on the back of Alice's chair, standing close enough to Lily that she was leaning back. Remus had sat down to lounge across the couch behind her and Peter was smiling at Alice, nervously and covered in chocolate. It was Black that caught her eye. He stood directly behind her, leaning back on the arm of the couch just a foot away from her. His arms were crossed, his white shirt sleeves rolled to the elbow to show off his forearms and he was very pointedly staring at her legs. She reached up a hand and snapped in his face. "Hey, eyes up here, genius." Black's smirk only grew. "Oh, it's okay. I wasnt looking for your eyes." Gemini rolled her emerald orbs. "What do you want?" Lily snapped again, hands on her hips. James smiled down at her, so charmingly that a group of girls a few feet of way sighed, watching him. Gemini couldnt be more annoyed. "You, of course." Another snort. "You walked into that one, Evans." Lily shot her a glare. "Shut it, Mason." Gemini only shrugged and replaced her arm over her eyes again. "Why dont you go flirt with someone who actually likes you." Lily hissed angrily, turning away from Potter and back to Alice to start up the conversation again. Potter chuckled. "Because where is the fun in that?" "Havent you realized, he loves the chase?" Gemini drawled. Another glare was shot at her, but she ignored the sixth sense feeling of it on her skin and continued to absent mindedly twirl in her wand between her fingers. "Blood hell, you're more oblivious than I thought, Evans." Black snorted behind her and Bekah blatantly laughed on the floor. "Watch yourself, Mason, or Ill give you detention." She rolled her eyes from beneath her arm. "Like that bothers me." "Then you could have detention with me, Mason. Wouldnt that be lovely?" Black purred from behind her, bending know into a crouch at the side of her couch, resting his arms on the cushion by her head. She lifted her arm just enough to glare at him, looking over his tanned, attractive face with a frown. Prick . "Get out of my face, Black." She hissed. Sirius smirked at her, leaning forward even more. "Oh, but love, I thought you liked me being so close to you?" She rolled her eyes and replaced her arm again. "You know youve