All credits belong to J.K. Rowling, except for my own character, Azalea Evans. "I cant believe this is already our sixth year." The red and gold Hogwarts Express chugged across the Scotland countryside, billowing dark grey smoke in its wake. Sitting in a small compartment in almost the direct center of the train were two teenage girls that were munching on sweets they had just accumulated via the plump, elderly witch that strolled along the locomotive. They were sisters, twins , actually, and almost identical. The first, young, witch sat primly in the center of the bench, her sweets organized into neat piles beside her. Her crimson red hair fell in loose waves over her shoulders, framing a heart-shaped face that was a nice shade of cream with light freckles across her cheeks. Her emerald eyes sparkled as she looked down at the chocolate frog card in her hand, a new one that she hadnt found before, and placed it carefully to the other side of her. And then there was her sister. The other twin was much different than the first. Her looks were similar, although slightly...darker. Her hair was a deep burgundy, with her roots so dark they looked black and fell, pin straight, down her back to pool on the cushion beneath her as she lounged against the window, with soft bangs sweeping over the left side of her face and falling to camouflage with the rest of her hair. Her eyes were the color of the Arctic sea, a deep, dark and dangerous blue. Her skin was a shade or two darker than her sisters and she was a few inches shorter, with a much more muscular and curvaceous figure from years of Quidditch and muggle sports during the summer holidays. She was currently sucking on the end of a sugar quill, watching her sister with a raised brow and an amused smirk. "You are outrageously neat, you know that, Lily?" She asked with a drawl, licking her plump lips. Lily looked over at her sister with a bored expression and bit into another chocolate frog. "At least I'm not a slob like you, Azalea." Her sister shot back a look, hating her full name, and bit off the end of the sugar quill. She glanced out the window, noticing just how dark that it had gotten outside. "Blimey, I think this is the longest that Potter has gone without seeking you out and proclaiming his undying love for you." She muttered, looking at the sunset over the rolling hills and mountains of Scotland. Lily scowled at the name of her long-time admirer, James Potter, you had asked her out at least eighteen times a day since their first day, in first year. Lily rolled her eyes, placing another card daintily in the pile of chocolate frog cards she had started, although her back and posture had stiffened immensely. "You just jinxed it, Lea." Lily spat, glancing out the glass door of their compartment and meeting the hazel eyes of the devil himself. Azalea looked up, not being able to help the laughter that bubbled up within her as the compartment door swung open to reveal the absolute bane of their existence- the Marauders. In the last few months of the holidays, James Potter had grown a number of inches and his body had started to fill out with muscle. No longer was he gangly and scrawny, walking around all knees and elbows. Instead, his shoulders were much broader and stronger, she could see the definition of his biceps, pectorals and abdominals through the thin, white tshirt that he wore and damn did he have a nice ass, now. He walked confidently into their compartment, moving over Lily's neat piles of candy and sat down directly beside her, draping one strong arm over her shoulders and smiling charmingly at her. Lily Evans simply glared back. "Alright, Evans?" He asked, his loud voice causing the woman in question to wince. "Blimey, you become even more beautiful every time I see you!" Azalea coughed on her sugar quill, unable to hold back the laughter. She hadnt even noticed as the rest of his merry band of trouble-maker friends had joined them. "Bloody hell, Potter. Get out of our compartment." The bespeckled boy shrugged off her comment with a smile and turned his attention to his friends sitting across from him. Azalea looked up, raising a brow at Sirius Black, who had taken her legs, lifted them up, sat down and then laid them across his own lap, his hands rubbing the fabric of her jeans over her shins. Sirius Black...bloody hell, did he get even more attractive over the summer. How was that even possible? Azalea didnt attempt to hide as she looked over the popular Gryffindor. He had grown as well, now towering over her short height. He too had filled out, even more than Potter had, his shoulders and arms much larger thanks to his position as a Beater on their Quidditch team. His biceps strained against the fabric of his leather jacket and his dark hair brushed his shoulders. His dark jean clad legs were stretched out and his feet covered by dark, leather boots. He pulled off the bad boy look so well, it was disgusting. "Nice to see you too, Evans." Black chuckled, meeting her sisters eyes. Lily glared right back, grabbing her chocolate and adjusting everything to the other side of her body. Azalea glanced around once more, finding Remus Lupin on the other side of Black, looking as he always did- kind, polite and quite but secretively a prankster at heart and a man that could make any girl swoon with his poetic words and professional flirtation...surprisingly, he was almost as dangerous as Black in the woman department. And then there was Peter Pettigrew, even more quiet and introverted than Lupin could be. He was plump, mousy and stood awkwardly in the doorway to their compartment, still holding handfuls of candy and looking around awkwardly as there really wasnt much room left for the poor boy. Azalea didnt mind, she always had a feeling about the rat-like boy that made her uncomfortable in his presence. She ignored him, turning back to Black and raising a brow, kicking him slightly to grab his attention. "Oi!" He snapped, rubbing his side and looking over at her with a frown. She smirked, one arm crossed beneath her breasts, and her other elbow leaning on her wrist, holding her sugar quill to her lips. "Is there a reason that my legs are currently in your lap?" She asked. Black smirked at her, taking a moment to take in everything about her. He took in her dark, loose fit skinny jeans that were ripped across her thighs and knees, her white tank top and distressed denim jacket. She felt his fingers press into the skin of her thighs before they started trailing over her knee and up her thigh. "You know you like me touching you, Evans." He purred, leaning towards her. Azalea rolled her eyes, shoving him back and pulling her legs off him to sit up straight. Lily had turned a pointed and deadly glare upon Sirius Black, who smiled cheekily back in return. "How was your summer, ladies?" Lupin asked, leaning back with his arms resting behind his head. At this, Lily actually smiled and Azalea let her sister fall into the conversation, speaking for the both of them as she always did. She only half paid attention, letting her eyes wander out the window again to the shadows of the mountains they chugged by and the sight of the crescent moon that began its ascent upward into the dark, star-speckled sky. "Really? I love pistachio ice cream too!" She heard James cried, excitedly and rolled her eyes. She was almost positive that poor boy was saying it just to grab her sisters attention, once again. She ran her fingers through her hair, letting it fall down over her shoulder again, ignoring the feeling of Black trying to tickled her thighs again. She pushed his hand away without looking and sat patiently, listening to the conversation that formed between the rest of them, waiting to arrive at Hogwarts for the beginning of her sixth year. When they finally arrived, it was chaotic, as always and Azalea and Lily made their way into the Great hall with the rest of the students after their long ride with the horse-less carriages. They sat in the middle of the long table, and almost on cue, the Marauders came to surround them. She rolled her eyes, but smiled with their roommates, Alice Prewett, Dorcas Meadows, and Marlene McKinnon, arrived and sat with them as well. James, of course, took the seat beside her sister, while Sirius sat across from her and Alice, thankfully, beside her. "Nice to see you, Lea." Alice smiled at her, nudging her slightly with her shoulder. "How was your summer?" Azalea, actually about to tell someone how her summer went for her, opened her mouth, but Lily, of course, jumped in and answered for her...again. Lea simply looked down, playing with the hem of her robes as she always did, listening to her sister go on and on about how wonderful , and gorgeous , and nice it was to be with their family again. Oh, and she couldnt forget mentioning all the time she spent with Severus over the summer. Meanwhile, Azalea's summer was much different. While Lily had spent so much time with their parents, helping their older sister (much to Petunia's chagrin) with her wedding that had happened only a week prior, Azalea had spent her entire summer...not doing that. She had barely seen her family, honestly. If she hadnt stayed up in her bedroom the entire time, she was out, on her broom, in the country side. More than once, Azalea had actually packed up and left and didnt show back up at the Evans residence for at least a week. It had gone entirely unnoticed. Not even her bloody twin realized she had been gone. She had spent a week at a time, at least once a month during their holiday traveling over Europe. She had spent two days in Spain, a day in France, Italy, she went to Romania and Bulgaria, Russia, Ireland, Germany, Austria, Switzerland...and not a single person knew. She sighed, pulling her hair out of her face and off her neck and turned to the sorting ceremony that had started not long after Lily had started her rant on her summer holiday. Unbeknownst to her, however, every one of her actions were seen and noted by a certain grey eyed Marauder. "Oh, and the wedding was absolutely stunning . Petunia had a gorgeous gown, of course mum and dad put every pound they had into buying it. It was an outdoor wedding and the bridesmaid gowns were lovely-" "They were absolutely hideous, Lily." Azalea finally jumped in after listening to her go on and on about the bloody wedding for twenty minutes. The food had arrived and Lea was stuffing her face like the rest of the students in the room, other than her sister, who was talking everyone's ear off about a stupid wedding no one cared about. Not even Potter. "Now will you please shut up for one bloody moment?" Black choked on a piece of roast chicken and coughed to try and hide the laugh. She glanced up with a smirk. "Dont listen to her, Lily. I was listening." Potter gushed, but Lily shot him a look, not even listening to what he said. Lea rolled her eyes. This had been the routine for six years now. Lily and Lea sat down at the table, typically with their roommates and friends and the Marauders usually ended up either sitting with them, or pretty damn close to them, simply because of Potter's borderline stalker tendencies with her sister. During those times, usually