The streets of Diagon Alley were crowded for a Tuesday afternoon. Witches and wizards alike bustled from store to store, some chasing after rambunctious children and others muttering to themselves angrily about said children. It was a warm, summer day and while many of the witches and wizards were draped in the typical magical style of wizard robes, a number of the people remained dressed as muggles, to prevent themselves from overheating in the humid weather. Two witches skipped down the cracked, marble steps of Gringotts, one much older than the other and holding her daughters hand as they headed back down the alley, now loaded down with the money they needed from the older witches vault. She was a beautiful woman, her once unruly and wildly bushy hair had tamed with age and now fell in gorgeous curls to the base of her back in tones of chocolate, caramel and even a hint of red. Her chocolate brown eyes were beautifully lined with liquid liner to bring even more attention to her, personally, favorite trait about her face. Freckles danced across her cheeks and nose and her once buck-teeth had been fixed many years prior by the parents that had been dentists for years. She was dressed in muggle clothes, a pair of high-waisted, cream shorts with three buttons that fit her wider hips and slim waist perfectly and showed off her long, tan legs, and a flowing maroon tank top with a pair of stylish sneakers. Her wand was twisted into her curls on the back of her head. The young girl that walked beside her, couldnt have been older than five years old, and had been gifted with the same mutation as a distant cousin of hers, making her a metamorphmagus. She was a pretty little girl, who loved to change the colors of her hair and eyes every five minutes. They often changed with her emotions, but it was rare when the little girl ever let her features become those that were considered her 'normal' characteristics, much to her mothers pleasure. At the moment, her hair was the color of a sunrise, a brilliant display of orange, yellow, reds and pinks. Her eyes were the color of a banana and her skin had tanned to match that of her mothers own skin. She definitely was a sight. The two walked quickly down the alley, the little girl holding tight to her mothers hand so that she didnt get swept away in the crowd, but used an unnatural strength to pull her mother to a halt when her eyes landed upon the sign across the way, reading: Magical Menagerie . The woman stopped, a nostalgic smile spreading onto her face as she remembered the year during school that she had also come to that shop and had bought the cat that had been her friend for years, Crookshanks. The poor cat had died only a few years earlier, and the girl beside her was too young to remember him. "Mumma, can we please go in?" The high pitched voice of her daughter cried as she yanked on her mothers arm, backing towards the shop. The witch laughed quietly. "Okay, okay. Come on, lets go take a look, you spoiled brat." The little girl squealed with excitement, letting go of her mothers arm and racing into the shop full of magical creatures. The older witch smiled, walking in behind her and taking in the sight of dozens of creatures within their cages. The shop, surprisingly, was rather empty despite the commotion of people that wondered the alleyway outside. She took a quick look around, spotting her daughters bright display of hair and started walking up and down the isles. Her daughter was standing in front of a couple cages of kittens that looked to be only a few days old. Her daughter currently had her fingers wiggling between the steel cage bars, scratching the head of an all grey kitten. "Mum, mum! Can we please get him?" Before she could reply, however, she was cut off by the sound of a voice she hadnt heard in many years. "Hermione Granger?" Her eyes flashed up to the counter at the back of the building, to where a tall, pretty witch with shoulder length black hair and deep brown eyes, was carrying a large wooden crate, and rested it on the counter. She paused for a second, leaning with one arm on the top of the crate, the other on her hip and gave Hermione a smirk that, surprisingly, was actually welcoming. "Bloody hell, look what age has done to you." Hermione raised a brow, crossing her arms and placing her full weight on her right leg as she looked over the Slytherin girl that had helped to make her life hell during the six years she attended Hogwarts. "Pansy Parkinson, I can say that same about you." No longer was the girl before her a small, pug faced brat that wanted all the attention on her. Instead, she was dressed in black robes that were open to reveal a black and white striped shirt over a pair of denim shorts. The war had definitely changed some, that was for sure, but Hermione never thought that Parkinson would be one of them. "This is the last place I thought I would see you working." Pansy waved a hand dismissively, a small smile creeping upon her full, pink lips. "Surprisingly enough, I have a love for animals." Hermione couldnt be more shocked. "You hated Care of Magical Creatures in school." Again, another wave of her hand. "You would be surprised how well a girl can fake hatred for something just to try and grab a gits attention." Hermione couldnt help but pass a glance over her daughter, who was listening to every word exchanged between the two, older witches. Pansy didnt miss it, drawing her attention now towards the little girl standing in front of Hermione. Her dark brows raised, glancing up at Hermione. "Motherhood suits you, Granger." Was all she said. Hermione rested a hand on her daughters shoulder, giving Ms. Parkinson a grateful smile. "Thank you." Pansy walked around the counter, padding over the tile floor towards them and smiled warmly down at her daughter. She dropped down, crouching so that she was more eye level with the little girl and looked at the little grey kitten. "He is a sweetheart, isnt he?" Hermione's daughter smiled widely and nodded. "What's your name, honey?" The little girl turned to Pansy with a smile that was missing its two front teeth and reached out her hand politely, her little hand clasping around Pansy Parkinson's larger one. Hermione watched in horror as her daughter's sunset hair paled to a white-blonde, her banana colored eyes turning grey as a roiling storm over the ocean, her skin paling and her features transforming into the unmistakable, aristocratic features of her father. The only things that gave away her mother were the splay of freckles across her cheeks, the curve of her full lips and the shape of her almond-like eyes. "Natasha Granger." Hermione's chocolate brown eyes met the startled black ones of Pansy Parkinson, who looked up at her, open mouthed and pale faced. It took her a moment, before she snapped her jaw back together and her eyes softened again, turning back towards the blonde haired girl. "Its nice to meet you, Natasha. My name is Pansy. Your mummy and I used to go to school together." Natasha smiled, turning back to the little grey kitten. Hermione stuttered, reaching into her bag and pulling out a number of gold galleons. "H-how much for the kitten?" She whispered, counting out coins. Pansy stood up, rubbing imaginary dust off her robes and placed a hand over Hermiones. Her hand was warmer than Hermione thought it would be. She looked up to Pansy who gave her a small smile with a shake of her head. "Calm down, Granger. I wont tell him." Hermione balked, but the darker haired witch simply shrugged. "I havent talked to him in six years, since the war." Hermione blinked and started stuttering again, albeit with lower tones, trying to prevent her daughter from hearing. "I-it was one night at a bar...w-we got d-drunk...havent talked since...doesnt know..." Another wave of a hand and a laugh cut her off, as Pansy grabbed the cage and walked towards the register. "Three galleons, please, Hermione." The witch placed three coins on the counter, her daughter bouncing excitedly beside her, her hair still a brilliant blonde. Hermione glanced down at her daughter with a frown, confused as to why she had chosen that moment to bring out the natural features of her body. She had told her mother only a few weeks before that she much preferred to look more like her mother, with a rounder nose and tanner skin. Yet, standing there in the middle of Magical Menagerie she had brought out her father to the absolute fullest extent. "So he doesnt know." It was a statement, rather than a question. Hermione glanced back at her, nodding. He didnt know. "Are you going to tell him?" She shrugged, unsure. Hermione had been living in Ireland for the last five years, and had just now come back due to the new job she had been given at the ministry: Deputy Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, working just under Harry. She wasnt sure whether she would ever see the father of her child again, what he was doing with his life, if he had a family...and she really didnt care. At the moment in time, she didnt think she was going to tell him. "I dont think so," She said, glancing at her daughter who was now playing with her kitten through the bars of his small cage. "Unless at some point, I have to. I think it's better this way." Pansy frowned at her, leaning over the counter and glanced at her daughter as well. "He's changed, you know." Hermione glanced at her with a frown. "We all have. I dont talk to him, but I can tell he's changed." Hermione said nothing. After a few more moments, Pansy spoke again. "It was nice seeing you. I...I was wondering if maybe we could get together sometime." Hermione, shocked, looked at her with a raised brow. "Seriously?" Pansy gave her a nervous smile. "Like I said...things have changed." Hermione contemplated the offer for a moment before she gave a hesitant nod. "Shoot me an owl, okay?" Pansy nodded and walked them out. Two weeks had gone by since Hermione and her daughter had been by Magical Menagerie to pick up their kitten, whom they had named Ajax. Natasha had been obsessed with him ever since, and the kitten had very quickly taken a liking to her as well, sleeping in her bed with her every night and following her around like the five year old girl was his mother. Right now, it was a Saturday night, Natasha and Ajax were asleep and Hermione was getting ready for the ball that was being held at the Minstry and a requirement for all Ministry personnel to attend. She stood in front of her mirror, dressed in a gown of the deepest black. The neckline ran in a straight line across her collarbone, showing off her shoulders. It was long sleeved, plain but the epitome of elegance with a long, daring slit directly up the front of the gown. It was low backed, dropping down to the base of her back and hugged her body, showing off every single curve. Her mess of curls were done up in an updo of the most complicated braids and twists, draping the waterfall of curls over her left shoulder. Her eyes were smudged with dark, smokey shadow and lined perfectly, her dark lashes long and bringing attention to her light brown eyes. The rest of her face was done up simply-