It's a luxury, if anything is anymore, and it's also a necessity, though I don't let that lessen it for me. It never has. When you've dreamt of the smell of someone's hair for ten years, spent hours lying awake before dawn just trying to imagine what it would feel like to gently undo it from its long braid and comb it out with your fingers, just that one image alone, consuming—would it be soft? Thick? Lush? What would it feel like wound around your fingers tightly? What about the soft feathers of down at the nape?—time is relative. I was grateful from the first moment I spoke, buried under layers of blessed protective mud and leaves, from the riverbank of our first Games, and witnessed the flood of relief, fear, and determination that flashed across those storm-grey eyes. I'll be okay , I thought, and the surge of comfort would have made me weak at the knees if I hadn't already been. The pain, the terror of what I was sure would be a quiet death alone, trapped in that hell, vanished at that stubborn look of awareness. I never had reservations about admitting to myself or anyone else that of the two of us, Katniss is the bravest and most determined. What I wanted most in the world, lying on my back each day watching the light dawn and wane and flicker through the green leaves above as I tried to remain as still as I could, was just that presence—her presence. I didn't want to die alone. It was more than I could hope for, all that came after. There's not a day I wake that I don't feel lucky, for every little moment I've had with her besides that. Katniss would scoff at the notion of true love, because she has no room for that type of sentimentality. Katniss had one true love alone, and when she was lost, that was all. The world, for a long time, went quiet for her. Only very recently, only after her admission of love in the face of all my confusion and heartache, just once, do I know I have made it further than I'd even dreamt. I see something new in her casual glances, sometimes. A question. Or maybe an answer. As far as matters of the heart go, I've learned to let her go her own way, a concession that feels more like a demand, since even if I stepped in her way, she'd shy away, avert her eyes and her answers. It's okay. It's a luxury, and it's also a necessity. Katniss and I have returned, as much as you can call it that. With so few of us here, in such a different physical and political climate, having endured all we have and suffered all we must, having bowed to the whims of loss and death and fought our way back, increment by increment, here we are, inasmuch as we can be anywhere, I suppose. We are not the same. Katniss' long braid has been singed to her shoulders, and out of convenience she mostly just ties it with a hank of rawhide in a loose ponytail until it gets longer. I have a feeling braids remind her of Prim, now, too. She averts her eyes from the very few…very few…children with Prim's light coloring that we ever encounter, however much or little they look like her sister. The final scars from the fire she fiercely refused to let the Capitol's magic medicine remove, as though she could carry them as a form of penance, all her life. Or maybe they remind her that she survived against the odds. I don't know. She's mute much of the time about a lot of it. One side of her throat—the right—and her shoulder and arm are all new pink skin growth that will never quite line up with the old. Unlike other parts of her, it refuses the fine, downy growth of dark hair that sprouts on her limbs. She…as I am…is more easily startled by loud noises, constantly wary. Her eyes flick about, rarely ever able to settle on only one thing or person at once. She has days where she can't get out of bed and won't see anyone; just remains remote and mute, monosyllabic to let us know she's alive, as Greasy Sae's best offerings, left on trays, remain at her door. I've seen her like this only once. She curls in a tight ball, her eyes blank on the wall. At these times, I know her mind plays pictures she doesn't want to see against that wall like a screen. The doctors from the Capitol have medicine that will make them go, but after the amount of medication that went forcibly into Katniss following the second Games, it's a point of pride and disgust that she refuses it. Katniss is brave that way, too. It's all that can be done to make sure she keeps in regular contact with her doctor, and that only because she fears getting airlifted out and placed in another hospital far away. She did, after all, choose to come back. Lying in the dark one night, wrapped in my arms, her face turned away, she asks me a rhetorical question, and it is this: "Where would I go, Peeta?" she asks. "My mother is gone. Gale is gone. Pr…" She stops. I stroke that magnificent hair, so lovely at any length, tenderly play with the ragged ends. I know what she's thinking about. She doesn't have to say anything else. This is the necessity—that out of everyone in the world to whom we could speak about these horrors, only each other can really understand. No one, no one who hadn't been there with us could be made to know. Sometimes, I'm ashamed to admit, on the worst days, the days my fists clench and my muscles ache from the strain of shaking and being taut for hours on end, I give in and take one of their magic pills. It takes about an hour. Then a flat blankness, an uncaring sort of indifference, replaces my pain and fear. It's a feeling I dislike, and I take them only in my darkest moments, and only during the day, when Katniss is usually off in the woods alone, hunting or swimming or sitting and hiding, consoled by the familiarity even as she weeps for what's been lost. There's no mistaking her red eyes when she comes out, however hard she tries to hide them. Some days she goes in for 12 or 14 hours at a time yet comes out with no game, no plants. I wouldn't expect her to be hunting that entire time, but I keep hoping she'll come out with something. Those days, I think that she might just curl up and sleep in there, cradled in the green of home. I resent it, just a little, as much as I try not to. My home…everything I considered a home…is gone. My family is gone, in a more final way than Katniss', though it hurts no more, I think. I am changed, too; how could any of us not be? Like Katniss, I have scars that were not there only a few years ago. I've carelessly let my hair grow long and it hangs over my eyes. The stump where my leg ends pains me on dreary days, or when I've been in motion for long hours, as the prosthetic scratches and rubs and needs regular adjustment. The Capitol, with all its medical technology, could not bring back what they took. They could not make me myself again—only I can do that, if I ever manage. I don't get the fits of depression that take Katniss, but the hallucinations still hit, whenever I smell a certain hint of something I might not even be able to place, if the light hits Katniss a certain way or if she moves too fast. My heart breaks a little for this; I never before and never want to, would never choose to, be vicious towards her, not even in my heart. But it's not always me. She knows. It's a reflection of the care she makes a concerted effort not to show that she never anymore holds it against me. She talks me down, when she's around to see it coming. "Peeta, Peeta," she says my name, softly. Her eyes grow lighter, her brow furrowed with concern, and she holds both hands out to me. Once, when a particularly terrible vision came of me lying in the cave, our cave, bleeding to death while Katniss, holding the medicine that would save my life, waved it above me, laughing and snarling, calling down insults and taunts, stabbing at my gaping, bleeding wound with the toes of her boots as I howled in pain, I close my eyes and begin to shake my head so hard it hurts. "No, no, NO!" I scream into the empty kitchen. Katniss is not there, but then she is, suddenly, her slight frame wrapping around my shaking, sobbing form, her face buried deep in the hollow of my shoulder, and I feel it: the gentlest of kisses on my jaw as she whispers in my ear, "Not real, not real, not real….Peeta, Peeta." I sag. When I give over my full weight to her, she holds me there in the shifting shafts of sunlight, and we cry together. Necessity. I used to need her. I do need her. But I have suspected for a long time that she now needs me too. I don't want her to need me only because the others in her life have gone, yet I am powerless in the face of her own need. When we're apart, we cope with life, live the lives we are still very lucky to have. We are both far older than 18, really. My hallucinations come, and I clench my fists together, repeat my mantras over and over in my head, and paint. I paint and paint and paint, walls, canvasses, my own skin sometimes if the whim hits me. I paint the Games, I paint the war, I paint Katniss. I paint my dreams. And she hunts. We make a way. We have to. But it's easier, not to be alone. The dreams take us both. Katniss' doctor says it would be worse to try to avoid them, to take something to suppress them, that they are a sign of healing, of moving beyond. "It's easy for him to say," Katniss snarls after one unsatisfying phone conversation. Uncommonly for her, she puts her face in both her hands. I'm over her house that morning, baking her bread and flipping eggs. Katniss forgets to eat often now, and I dislike when I can see the sharp angles of hips emerging. I leave my food and go to her, reaching out a tentative hand to touch that one scarred arm. She flinches, and then, because I cannot help myself, I take her fully into my arms. She doesn't resist, whether because she has no resistance left or because she wants it, needs it, I do not know. But it is a luxury, so I take it, and so does she. I rock her in the kitchen and whisper to her hair. It's a strange new feeling; it just being us. Of course, the usual suspects abound…Haymitch can be counted on to drop by and check on us several times a week, Greasy Sae, like me, makes sure that Katniss especially continues to eat when she slips into her funks. Many from the town have come back with us. But our overseers are gone. Some nights when she slips so silently into my bed, I have to remember that there are no more cameras, no more eyes, that it can for the first time be just she and I, a rare phoenix rising from so many ashes.