"Okay, NOW Panic!" an LOTR fanfic by Boz4PM Disclaimer: I own nothing other than Penny – someone has to (poor woman) – and also any other OFCs or OMCs that may appear. The rest all belong to JRRT ("The Great Man Whose Boots We Are Not Fit To Lick"). I trust that, as a consequence of this fic, he will merely maintain the gentle rotation he was thrown into by 'Don't Panic!' rather than start on an all-out spin cycle. grin Author's Note: This is the sequel to "Don't Panic!" a fic in which Penelope Baker (a twenty-four year old Tolkien fan who works in marketing) wakes up in her pyjamas a few miles west of Bree and is then faced with all the horrors of what it was REALLY like to live six thousand years ago in Middle- earth (latrines of doom being possibly amongst the worst of them). She is rescued by Halbarad, dour Ranger of the North, and taken by him to Imladris to see Elrond due to the clear knowledge she has of things she should not know, as well as her bizarre and extreme behaviour as she battles with her own sanity while she slowly comes to the realisation of just where she actually is. Once in Rivendell, arriving only a day or two before the Council of Elrond, she is questioned and, with much difficulty and Gandalf's help, manages to explain who she is, where she has come from and how she knows of them all and their futures. She then has to acquire a new language and new skills, and learn to fit in, all the while knowing full well of the impending war, of the death of Boromir and, worse still, the death of Halbarad. He has become her friend and slowly begins to look on her as a daughter, promising himself that he will protect her and look after her once the war is over. At the end of "Don't Panic!" despite trying to persuade Elrond not to send Halbarad south to Rohan, Penny watches Halbarad ride out of Imladris, holding the banner of the King that Arwen has made for Aragorn. She knows that she will never see him again. Now the story continues... Warning for this chapter only: since it is a battle scene, there WILL be depictions of violence and bloodshed ahead. Nothing overly graphic but, don't forget, this is a few thousand warriors hitting each other with very sharp swords... it's not pretty. Edit, Feb 6th 2008: By popular request I have made a Character List for both this and the prequel (Don't Panic). Should you ever need it, you can find it here: http://boz4pm(dot)livejournal(dot)com/268905(dot)html. :) Chapter 1 - "Dulce et Decorum Est..." "'This is an evil door,' said Halbarad, 'and my death lies beyond it. I will dare to pass it nonetheless;...'" - 'The Passing of the Grey Company,' The Return of the King. Even as their ships had neared the northern bank of the Anduin and the quay of Harlond, the Dûnedain had seen the smoke, the carnage, and the horror. Through the gaps in the walls of the shattered Rammas Ecchor, they could make out the northern half of the Pelennor, beyond the battle, already littered with the bodies of the slain, mumakîl carcasses, and burning tents and siege engines. The air was acrid with smoke, death and fear. Smoke was also rising from various points within the walls of Minas Tirith. The earlier rain had put out the fires in the city but the damage the fires had caused was visible from afar. The siege-engines, the piles of dead outside the walls, the massive gates smashed, splintered and burnt, were clear enough for the keen-sighted amongst those on the boats, even from the river. The battle was in full swing as they came down the ramps from the ships onto the quayside, many of the men aboard not waiting to disembark but leaping directly onto the stone surface of the quay. As they hastened towards the great southern gate in the Rammas, Halbarad, bearing the standard aloft for all to see, was riding behind Aragorn. To one side of him rode Elrond's sons, stars upon their brows and fury in their gaze, while to his other side was Legolas, bow already notched and face grim, with Gimli sitting behind him, axe in hand. Behind them came Halbarad's three sons: Halladan, Hirvell and Arvain. They were tall and proud, their faces as stern and dour as their father's own. They rode with the remaining Dûnedain, most of whom had set out from Rivendell, but several others among them who, like Halbarad's sons, had joined them further south. Every one of the Dûnedain was a man of stature, strength, courage and nobility of the quality of Halbarad. It was clear in their faces and bearing, as Theoden King himself had seen and commented upon at Helm's Deep. Just the sight of them alone had been enough to convince the slaves on the ships to offer themselves, now as free men, to row them all upstream. As Aragorn, roaring and bearing the reforged sword aloft, swept north from the river the Dûnedain and assembled peoples of Southern Gondor followed in his wake. At the same time Prince Imrahil charged from the west with the Gondorian forces and Eomer King led the Rohirrim from the north. The enemy, caught suddenly on three sides, barely knew what hit them. Near half the enemy's army had already been eliminated by the Rohirric charge led by Theoden King. The subsequent death of the Witchking had left the remaining enemy troops dismayed and uncertain. The sight of Aragorn, tall and terrible, now sweeping down on them like some Valar-sent vengeance, near sent them mad with terror. They would go down fighting, though. The sound was indescribably loud: a near-deafening combination of the clang and clash of metal, the trumpeting of mumakîl, the roars and shouts of orcs and men, the screams of the wounded and dying, the maimed and the mauled. There was no time to think, only react instinctively. Falter for an instant and your life was over, cleaved from you by the savage blow of axe, sword or spear. Halladan, Halbarad's eldest son, became separated from his father in the melee after a few hours. Up till then the Dûnedain had managed to stay relatively near to each other, carving a path through the Southrons and Easterlings that made up the large part of the remaining enemy army. As standard-bearer, Halbarad stayed close to Aragorn, with his sons staying close beside him to protect both king and standard-bearer at all costs. Then a mûmak, maddened by pain and fear, had run amok nearby, scattering those in its path and crushing underfoot many who were not quick enough. Halladan was forced to dodge the animal, even while keeping his horse under control, while his father and brothers veered their steeds the other way. Thickset, bearded Easterlings with axes, scarlet-clad Haradrim and more orcs than he had ever seen in his life before then surrounded Halladan and those with him. He spent the next hour or two of the battle trying to hack his way back towards the standard, still born aloft one-handed by his father. Looking up at one point, though unable to see Halbarad, he could make out the standard blowing in the south-westerly breeze as the battle raged round it. Then, just for an instant, the fighting cleared and he could see the long pole, as tall as a spear, being held by his father astride his horse as he cut down his enemies who surrounded him time and again, a group of stout-hearted warriors around him – some still on horseback, others now on foot. Bodies covered the area in front of them: friend and foe alike. Unlike many others, Halladan managed to keep his horse and was riding across the bodies of his enemies as he fought. The animal's legs were caked in their blood. He had managed to keep a small company of five or so Dûnedain with him, and together they were fighting their way back towards where they could see Aragorn with Halbarad nearby him. The Star of Isildur flashed in the sun upon Aragorn's brow, but Anduril burned even brighter in his hand as he gave the enemy no quarter. As Halladan and those with him made their way, besides negotiating the flashing, slicing steel around them, there was also the ever-present danger in the battle-field of the mumakîl which would terrify the horses and, when wounded, run berserk, crushing anyone or anything in their path. Still worse were the burning remains of siege engines or tents that could topple over without warning, catching many beneath their flames. There were also the burning remains of barns and houses that were equally liable to sudden collapse. The heat and stench of smoke and blood filled the nostrils till it was all Halladan could do to keep his head from reeling. Suddenly, Halladan met Aragorn on the field, the man looking more proud and noble than Halladan could ever remember seeing him. Yet they barely had time to acknowledge each other's presence before a great rush of half-trolls and Variags came towards Aragorn. With a cry of "Dûnedain! To the Heir of Isildur!" Halladan wheeled his horse to place himself between Aragorn and the onslaught, hacking and hewing heads off as the enemy reached him. Aragorn moved beside him, Anduril slashing and biting without mercy, and quickly others joined them both. In the chaos Halladan was dimly aware of a tall, dark-haired figure standing on the ground beside him, unhorsed, but by the grace of the Valar unharmed: his youngest brother, Arvain. Arvain risked a grin up at him. Halladan reached out his hand to pull him up into the saddle. "No, brother," Arvain shouted. "You will have more manoeuvrability with only one rider. Besides," he added, as he ducked a swipe from an Easterling axe, thrusting his sword swiftly into his attacker's stomach from below, "I'm doing well enough down here, I think." He grinned once more and then, with a roar, launched himself at a group of orc that were aiming for Aragorn. Halladan shook his head with a grin, but had no time to respond before he heard the shout of a horsed Variag warrior galloping toward him from behind. He turned in time to raise his arm and block the blow whistling towards his head from the man's sword before twisting the blade from the man's grasp and cutting him limb from limb in his own saddle. He made his way towards his father then, beset on all sides by Haradrim, Variags, Easterlings and half-trolls. As Halladan neatly dispatched enough of them to make a path to his father's side, Halbarad looked up and smiled, grimly. "Decided to join us at last, I see," his father commented dryly. Halladan grinned broadly, and the two fell to fighting once more, side by side. Then it happened. Halladan and Arvain were fighting close together beside Halbarad, with Hirvell, their third brother, only a little way off, fighting beside Aragorn. Because the standard bearer in any battle was a key target for the enemy, his sons and others had surrounded Halbarad from the beginning, though he was more than skilful enough to fight one-handed. Many soldiers and orcs had fallen on Halbarad's blade before the enemy realised the only way to bring this standard bearer down was to attack his horse. At their first opportunity, blades no longer sought to strike the legs of Halbarad but that of his steed - and they succeeded. Halbarad's horse was cut down from underneath him. Hamstrung, the animal fell, crushing one of Halbarad's legs beneath its weight. Before Halbarad hit the ground, a Haradrim managed to push past to hew at him as he fell. Arvain had heard the horse's scream next to him, but had