A/N: This story is a gap-filler, containing a "side adventure" before the Fellowship reaches Hollin. The River Feinduin is my own creation; it runs from the Misty Mountains to the Bruinen, and lies between Rivendell and Hollin. The "T" rating is for perilous situations. Chapter 1: To the Crossing "Not much farther, my friends. We are nearly there." Frodo smiled at Gandalf, thankful for the encouragement. He wiped sweat from his brow and took a long drink from his waterskin. It was Afteryule and very cold, but the day's march had made Frodo warm, and he began sweating every time he stopped moving. He wasn't the only member of the Fellowship who was suffering from too much body heat; the other hobbits were puffing and blowing, and Boromir and Gandalf seemed to be growing uncomfortable, though neither made any mention of it. Nine long days had passed since the Fellowship left Rivendell. Gandalf set them a brisk pace, desiring to reach the pass over the mountains before winter storms blocked the way. Frodo, who had not yet fully recovered from the wound he had received on Weathertop, was tired and footsore. So were the rest of his kindred; Frodo could tell by the way they walked, with feet dragging and heads down. All of them had grown hardier since leaving the Shire, but they had become reacquainted with comfort in Rivendell, and comfort had made all of them a little soft. Frodo hoped that Gandalf had the right frame of reference in mind when he said that they were 'almost' to the river. 'Almost' to one of the taller folk was 'twice almost' to the hobbits, since they had to take two steps for every one of their larger companions'. It was well past midday already, and Frodo could hear Merry and Pippin muttering about afternoon tea. He wished they wouldn't, for they would not be getting it, and talking about what they couldn't have only made the march seem longer. Even more troublesome was his wearied body. The forest floor was cluttered with leaves and fallen branches, and his legs ached from high-stepping over them. He feared that it was only a matter of time before he failed to clear one and…. "Ho, Master Baggins!" said Gimli, catching Frodo's arm as he stumbled over a tree root and nearly fell. "Oh!" sighed Frodo. "Thank you." "Not at all." The dwarf lowered his voice and rumbled, "You look as tired as I feel. If I were in any other company I might be tripping over roots myself, but the elf's presence has a marvelous way of keeping me on my feet." Frodo glanced up to the head of the line where Legolas was walking. He thought that Legolas might be able to hear Gimli despite his efforts – elves had excellent hearing – but he refrained from saying so. If Legolas hadn't heard them yet, then Frodo wasn't going to give him more chances to do so by continuing in this vein of conversation. At first elf and dwarf had studiously avoided each other, but as the days passed they had begun to prick one another with jibes and insults. The last thing anyone wanted was for them to start up again. "I wonder how deep the river will be," said Frodo, changing the subject. "I've only ever crossed two rivers in my life: the Brandywine and the Bruinen, and neither on foot." "I know not," said Gimli. "It is possible that it will be too deep for you hobbits to walk across, but no doubt the taller folk could carry you with little difficulty." "Well, we'll soon find out," Frodo said hurriedly. Gimli was not much taller than the hobbits himself, and it was a short jump from talk of the hobbits being carried to talk of a dwarf being carried, which would sorely wound Gimli's pride. "In fact…. Does anyone else hear that?" "Hear what?" said Gimli. "Water, I think." The Fellowship stopped walking and listened. "I hear it too," Merry said. "And I," said Pippin. "I do not; but if there is anything to hear, no doubt your ears have caught it, Legolas," said Boromir. Legolas nodded. "The hobbits are correct. The river is near." There were murmurs of delight and smiles all around at this news. With their goal finally at hand, the company walked a little faster. Sam held his head higher, too, though Frodo knew that he must be dreading the upcoming crossing. Sam had no trouble with rivers so long as he wasn't in them. The group had scarcely walked for five minutes more when the ground began to slope beneath their feet. What started as a gentle downgrade quickly became a steep decline, and the Fellowship moved from tree to tree with great care. Gandalf had taken the lead and was furthest down the forested hillside. Legolas, Aragorn, and Boromir followed Gimli's example and each chose a hobbit to walk beside. "It's kind of you to stay with me, Strider," Merry said abruptly, "but I don't need your assistance. This hill's really not so bad." Aragorn smiled. "Ah, but that is not why I have chosen to walk with you." "No?" "I was hoping you might catch me should I stumble." Merry laughed. "Me catch you?" "I am quite serious! You hobbits have an advantage over we taller folk on this hillside; you are steadier on your feet, being closer to the ground." "We've always got the advantage, then," said Pippin from behind. "We're always closer to the ground, whether we're going down a hill or not." "Feinduin – the White River!" Gandalf called from below. "We have reached it." The rest of the company clambered down the hill to join him. The wizard pointed, and Frodo looked out to see a wide, gray expanse of water before him. "It's below us!" said Sam. "We are standing atop a cliff," said Gandalf. Sam paled and backed up several feet. "We are quite safe where we are," Gandalf chuckled. "The edge is some distance away yet. Do you see the cliffs on the other side? A gorge begins here, carved out by the Feinduin over many centuries." "I don't see it," said Merry. "That's because Strider is standing in front of you, you ninny," said Pippin. "Come closer to the edge and you'll see." "Pippin!" Frodo cried out in alarm when the young hobbit hurried forward. "Don't be such a worrywart," Pippin snorted. "See, I'll stop at this tree." Frodo and Merry glanced uneasily at each other. The tree in question was right at the edge of the outcropping on which they stood. "Please don't be doing that," said Sam, who was still pale. "It makes me feel sick – no, don't lean over!" "It's only about thirty feet down," said Pippin. "Maybe forty. I'm not too good with distances." "Forty feet?" said Sam, going even whiter. "Pray come back, Peregrin, and put our hearts at ease," said Gandalf. His tone was light, but his brow was etched with worry. Frodo wholeheartedly agreed with him. Pippin's intentions were always for the best, but he was impetuous and too often heedless of danger. There was never any telling when he would get into trouble next, and Frodo didn't want that next time to be now, at the edge of a cliff. "Oh, all right," said Pippin, coming back to stand beside Boromir. "How are we going to get down?" said Merry. "Not over the cliff, I hope!" "There is a crevice in the rock just to our left," said Gandalf, pointing with one gnarled hand. "Crevice?" Sam croaked. Gandalf smiled. "The way is not as difficult as it sounds. You will see." When he reached the path that led to the riverbed below, Frodo saw that Gandalf was right. The slope was hardly gentle, but the rocky ground was solid and almost step-like in places. The walls of the crevice were close enough together that the hobbits could keep a hand on each one as they climbed to steady themselves. Sam's fears diminished when Gimli pronounced the passage to be both safe and easy, but he soon developed a new concern for Bill. The pony was reluctant to try the path, and much of his baggage had to be removed before he could even fit into the gap. The company climbed down one by one, each bearing a portion of the pony's packs, until only Sam, Bill, and Legolas remained. It took a good bit of coaxing from both Sam and Legolas to convince poor Bill to take the first step. The going was slow, but Bill took heart as he descended and the three of them reached the ground in safety. Frodo looked around with great interest while Gimli and Boromir burdened the pony again. The Fellowship was standing on a rocky shore with the crevice behind them; water lapped at the stones just a few steps ahead. The surface was agitated, indicating a shallow spot in the river, and Frodo wondered if they were standing at the crossing itself. At the place where they stood the Feinduin looked to be half as wide again as the Brandywine, but it narrowed as it passed through the gorge. The high rock walls on either side magnified the sound of running water. "Why is it called the White River?" asked Merry. "It is so named because it is fed by mountain snows," Aragorn replied. "Now it is calm, but it can be deep and wild in the spring when the snow is melting." "This isn't where we're going across, is it?" said Pippin with some uneasiness. "It is," said Aragorn. "There are few crossings on the Feinduin; the next is many miles downstream, and it is not so easy a path to walk." "Easy path my foot," Pippin murmured, sharing a dark look with Sam. "That water will be nearly to my waist, or I'm an orc." Frodo shook his head. Pippin was not quite as afraid of deep water as Sam was, but like most hobbits, he was leery of it and could not swim. "We will all cross safely," said Aragorn, "but the water will be very cold. We must make camp somewhere on the other side and dry ourselves." "Yes, we must," said Gandalf. "I am familiar with this region, and if memory serves, there is a recess in one of the cliff walls not far away." "A cave?" Gimli asked eagerly. "Not a cave," said Gandalf. "The recess only extends a short way into the rock, but it is large enough to shelter us all for the night. I think it would be safe enough to build a small fire there. We could all do with some warming up after the past few days." "A fire?" cried Merry. "That would be most welcome," said Boromir. "I confess I feel that my very bones are chilled through." "We could have some hot food," said Sam, and Frodo smiled to hear the excitement in his voice. Sam dearly loved to cook, especially knowing that his efforts brought so much pleasure to everyone else. "Maybe some rabbit with herbs. I found some parsley growing wild not far back." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a neatly bound bunch of frilly green leaves. "Parsley? You are a marvel, Sam!" laughed Aragorn. Frodo, who had still been looking about during the conversation, smiled as a splendid idea sprang into his head. "How about fish for dinner? There's a good-sized ledge just down the bank – I can see it from here. I'll wager there are trout hiding beneath it." "Roasted trout!" Gimli smacked his lips. "That would be a princely meal! How will you catch them? We Dwarves use poles, line, and hooks, but we do not have those here." "Hobbits use those, too," said Frodo. "I suppose we could try to make them, but it would be much easier to make spears. Does