Newt Scamander is what you would call the oddball of Hogwarts. He didn't have many friends, and he tended to spend more time with magical creatures than people anyway. So he was obviously the target of much bullying. He was used to it though. Every day he went through at least a handful of jinxes, a few fights in which he was a punching bag, and who knows how many times he was tripped down the corridors alone. Today was no different than any of those others. He was just walking happily towards his favorite class of the day—Care for Magical Creatures—when he received a shove from behind. He tumbled to the ground with the corridor erupting with laughter as his books were scattered as he fell. He kept his head down not having to look up to know the assailants were Malfoy, Crab, and Goyle. They were usually the ones who went after him. Besides, he recognize their nasally laughter anywhere. "Clumsy as ever, Scamander." Malfoy mocked. Newt just moved to his knees to start picking up his books while hoping if he didn't acknowledge them that they'd go away faster. However, he didn't get his wish as Goyle kicked one of his books farther away. He retracted his hand quickly as if avoiding the chance of it receiving the same punishment. "We're talking to you, Scamander." Goyle said. "Why don't you look us in the eye?" He started reaching down towards Newt, who was wishing his friend Leta, was here to help him. Just as Goyle's hand was in reach, a voice called out. "I believe that is enough, boys." A clear, bell-like feminine voice said strongly. Things went quiet in the hall except for the sound of soft footsteps coming forward. Newt slowly looked up seeing who his savior was. His eyes widened when seeing it was Phoenix Black. Basically the princess of Slytherin House. She was a year below Newt, who was now in his fifth year, and she lived up to her name. Besides, resembling a black swan due to her dark luscious hair and beautiful form, she was fiery and had a certain poise about her that reminded Newt of the great, noble bird for which she was named after. She was like a rare Black Phoenix. The only one of her kind, which understandably made her the most wanted girl in the entire school. She's never shown much interest in the suitors who came knocking at her door. She never showed much interest in anyone exactly, but for some reason—a reason no one could explain—she seemed to take a liking to Newt. Even he didn't know why. Just someday—halfway through her first year, his second—the princess of Slytherin had decided to join Newt out in the common grounds. It had been a shock to everyone when Phoenix Black sat down beside Newt Scamander, and decided to start up a friendly chat, which was really her doing most of the talking when Newt just sat there amazed someone as pretty as her was talking to him. And right to this very day, Phoenix called herself his friend even though she never asked him if he minded. He didn't mind to be honest, but from the moment she declared themselves as friends, she never asked if he was alright with it. Of course, he would have been too shy to say anything in the end. " Oh, Nix." Malfoy said grinning at the girl. "Come to save your boyfriend?" There were a few stray chuckles around the corridor, however, they immediately stopped when Phoenix narrowed her eyes. She always meant business whenever doing that. " I've come, Mr. Malfoy," She began in that formal manner of hers. "To stop this ridiculousness. You see, I find it rather sad when those of noble houses have to pick on others just to make them feel superior. It is actually more than sad if I'm being perfectly honest. It's pathetic, really." It went even quieter after those words left her mouth, and Newt fidgeted nervously wondering what would happen. " Pathetic, you say?" Malfoy said. "I'm just reminding this worm where this place is." " Worm?" Phoenix murmured. "Have you forgotten, Mr. Malfoy, the Scamander family is a family of purebloods such as us?" " They are not like us, Nix." Malfoy insisted. "They're muggle sympathizers, which is utterly disgusting." Malfoy turned to look to Newt, which had the fifth year looking down once again. He didn't like confrontation. Especially with humans. " What they believe is their business." Phoenix said. "Now, I suggest you three run along before I lose my temper. We all know what happens when a Black loses their temper." A cold chill ran across the entire corridor because it was true. Everyone does know what happens when a Black loses their temper. It was quiet for a moment before Malfoy and his goons finally backed away. As they were leaving, the crowd dissipated as well since the excitement was over. Once they were alone in the corridor, Phoenix let out a sigh before kneeling down to help Newt collect his books. " Thank-you," Newt said softly as he glanced up shyly. Phoenix looked at him with the cold expression she used on Malfoy slipping away to form a kind, smiling face. " You're quite welcome, Newt." She said then looked a tad worried. "They didn't hurt you, did they?" She reached out to brush her hand across his cheek as if to make sure there weren't any cuts or bruises. Her touch had Newt's cheeks heating up as he cleared his throat. " N-no." He said. "I just took a small tumble." Phoenix looked worried a moment later before nodding her head as the small, soft smile returned. Phoenix never smiled much. Newt knew that was because things were hard on the young Black. So much was expected out of her because of whose house she hails from, and because she's reaching the age where it was time for suitors to be chosen for her. However, whenever they were alone, a smile would creep its ways onto her lovely face. " Good." Phoenix said. "I don't know what I'd do if you were ever hurt, Newt. What I mean to say is—!" " Newt, are you still sleeping?" Phoenix's voice, which suddenly sounded a bit more mature as if it belonged to a grown woman not a fourteen-year-old girl, interrupted. "We're almost there. Come now, wake up!" Newt's eyes opened quickly before he sat up on the bench he had been dozing in. He looked around seeing that he wasn't in Hogwarts. He was on a boat…the same boat that was taking him and his companions to New York. He turned to the woman who woke him to see and older yet still very beautiful Phoenix beside him. She had her hand on his arm, and was smiling up at him. They're eyes met for a moment, but he soon darted his eyes away. "Did I…did I fall asleep for long?" He asked. "Just a bit." Phoenix said with a slight smile. "However, it's understandable. You were up all night with the children." By the children, she meant the creatures residing in the suitcase resting at his feet. She always referred to them as that. Whether how old or how big they were. She said they were probably the only way she'd ever get close to motherhood, so she tended to baby them. Including the troublemaker Greedy, which in Newt's opinion didn't help discipline the little bugger. However, the last time he brought that up, they ended in an argument. An argument that led to her being in tears though she denied she was ever crying, so he swore to never bring it up again. "Have we almost arrived?" He asked looking around. Phoenix nodded her head while reaching out to brush some of his hair back from his forehead. Though it didn't do much good considering how his hair always fell across his forehead. "We should be there very soon." Phoenix said nodding. Newt nodded in return while trying to ignore the redness to his cheeks caused by her soft touch. He then reached for the suitcase at his side, and just as his hand touched it one of the latches popped open. An amused smile formed on Newt's face, as he latched it back. He picked up the suitcase to lean in towards it. "Dougal," He began receiving a hoot in return. "Settle down now, please. Won't be long." Dougal made a few more noises, but soon settled down. Phoenix was sure the demiguise went back to check in on some of the newly hatched Occumy-though some have yet to hatch such as the one in Phoenix's pocket. He was a very good caretaker to the younger creatures. Newt then looked to his traveling companion as she reached out to take his hand. She laced her fingers with his. A bold move, but Newt was quiet used to Phoenix's boldness by now. Though it still didn't stop the blood from rushing to his cheeks. "Finally away." Phoenix hummed looking at peace. "No more looking over my shoulder—for now at least." She gave him a tired smile then leaned her head against his shoulder as their ship brought them closer to New York. Newt looked to the city coming into view before glancing down at Phoenix. Maybe once they finish business here in America, they can postpone their returning to England just for her. He knew that would make her very happy, and he preferred to see her happy, which is becoming a rarer sight these days. "Careful." Newt said to Phoenix as they were leaving the ship, which was finally docked. "Watch your step." He walked in front of her while keep his hand out behind him to hold hers as they walked down the platform. "Newt, I'm fine." Phoenix said sounding amused by his worrying. He glanced back at her before darting his eyes to the side in that nervous manner of his. "Sorry." He said as he finally reached the bottom. He helped her down the rest of the platform while about to let go of her hand. However, she held on strongly. "Shall we check in?" She asked him. He nodded with the two of them heading over to customs where they had to show their passports and get asked the routine questions. Phoenix was quite used to the ordeal since she has went to many places with Newt when tagging along on some of his adventures. "Passports." The man in front of them said once they reached the front of the line. Phoenix and Newt handed them over, and as the muggle man looked them over, Newt looked around. His nervous tick growing worse now that he has to deal directly with a stranger. Phoenix squeezed his hands to calm is nerves as the guy looked up from their passports. "British, huh?" He asked. "Yes," Newt replied while still keeping his eyes anywhere, but on the man in front of them. "First trip to New York?" He asked. "Yes, sir." Phoenix replied this time with a charming smile. "We decided to take a holiday here." The lie slipped easily off her tongue, which was a very Slytherin trait. She might not be cruel like her former housemates from their Hogwarts years, but her cunningness and masterful ability at stretching the truth made no one doubt where she was placed when they were children. "I see." The man said while eying Newt suspiciously. Newt never was one to keep calm in situations such as these. Also he was a very bad liar, which never helped much. "Anything edible in there?" The muggle asked. "No." Newt said while looking down and placing his hand near his breast pocket where a certain little friend of his was hiding. The muggle look unconvinced, which didn't surprise Phoenix in the slightest. Even