Written by TwiSagaLover and Gooseonline Disclaimer SM owns the characters "Fuck, Bella, you're so sexy! You taste sinful and I just can't get enough of you!" Edward's deep rough voice sounds in my ear, as he's kissing his way down my neck, his front presses into my back. I can feel Jasper's lips wrap around my nipple and moan like the whore I am being tonight. Now, I know I am wondering 'Why am I being a whore?', or maybe 'What could have possibly happened to make me leave my husband and go out to a bar and pick up not only one guy, but two sexy as fuck men?' Well, let me tell you, and then I am sure you won't be feeling the same as you do now Okay, so let me start from the beginning, and then we can go from there. I meet my husband in high school when I was seventeen, and we have been together ever since. But as of lately he has been working more, and more, and more. We were trying for a baby, but I have miscarried three times and that hasn't helped us at all. He blames me, and I blame myself too. I found it's easy to blame someone, even for things you can't control. I wanted those babies, but it's been over two years since we stopped trying, or having sex of any type. But I do love to give head. Now that brings me to tonight. It's my birthday—my 30th birthday to be truthful and me being the silly women that I am thought that maybe he would be taking me out and would actually want to spend some time with me. So, I spent the day at the spa being fluffed-n-buffed and waxed. I had a mani, pedi and got my hair done. I even bought a new dress just for tonight only to find a message on the machine at home saying he was going to be late and to go ahead and eat without him. Well, that was the last fucking straw. I'm done. I went up the stairs and packed up my bathroom bag, and threw most of my clothes into my hot pink suitcases. After I had everything that I thought I needed, I went into Mike's office and wrote him a note. Mike, You can fuck off for all I care. I never want to hear from you again. Enjoy the house. P.S. lose my number! Then I took off my rings and laid them on top of the note and packed my car up and left. I drove around for about an hour before I decided to just stop at the next bar I found for a really big drink. Fuck it, I'm getting drunk tonight and I'll deal with all the other bullshit in the morning when I get up. I pulled up to The Lazy Lounge and put the car in park. I checked to make sure my hair and makeup still looked good. Which they do, but I put on some extra lipstick. I wanted to make sure my lips pop with fire engine red that I'm wearing and the smoky eyes I have going on, I think I look damn good and sexy for 30. I walk in and its smokey and there are two really hot guys on the stage playing and singing some slow, soulful song, it almost sounded like an original song but familiar at the same time. They looked like sex on a stick. I could not take my eyes off of them as I walked to the bar, one of them had blond or maybe dirty blond and it was slightly curly, the other had this weird color that almost looked like a new penny all coppery and shiny but maybe that was just the lights playing with my eyes. When I finally pulled my head out of my ass and stopped staring, I moved to the bar and order a drink. "Hey, can I get a Southern Comfort Oh, and make it a double, Thank you" When he set it down, I picked it and drank it down in one go. Yeah I definitely needed that, it should help do the trick of getting me drunk quickly. Then I turned to the barman and asked for my favourite drink, that I just love to drink when I used to go out with that cockroach. He use to hate when I ordered it, that roach won't disvalue my love of my favourite drink ever again. "Can I get an apple martini? Thanks." As I'm sipping on martini, I hear the lines that I know I have heard a thousand times before because I love this song. It's Darius Rusker - Wagon Wheel "So rock me momma like a wagon wheel Rock me momma any way you feel Hey momma rock me Rock me momma like the wind and the rain Rock me momma like a south bound train Hey momma rock me" I turn my head to watch the last of the song plays out. When I do, I see their eyes for the first time and I'm left breathless. They are beautiful ice blue and deep pine green, I don't think I have ever seen eyes that color before, blue or green. They must feel my stare because they both look my way as they sing the last lines neither of us are looking away. "Oh, so rock me momma like a wagon wheel Rock me momma any way you feel (I wanna feel) Hey, hey momma rock me (momma rock me, momma rock me) Rock me momma like the wind and the rain Rock me momma like a south bound train (I wanna rock like a south bound train) Hey momma rock me Rock me" When they finished, they put their guitars off to the side and then walked to the bar to come and stand next to me. They both order a shot of Southern Comfort and just like that I knew that this was going to be the best night of my life. Because these boys were hot and I going to have fun getting drunk which Mike would never let me do. He always cut me off at the start of tipsy, the asshole. "Hey guys, y'all sounded great up there, almost as good as y'all looked," I told them with a sassy smile and winked at the end. "I'm Bella, by the way. Have you boys been playing long, because you sound so professional. Have you ever thought about making an album?" I asked them because they were really that good. "I'm Edward, and this is my best friend, Jasper, and no we just do this for fun" Edward said who was the taller man said he had the coppery hair and the forest green eyes with a little smirk playing on his lips. "Well boys, why don't y'all sit down and I will buy y'all a drink, unless that is you have somewhere to be or maybe someone else to meet up with?" I raised my eyebrow as I asked them this just to get the point across in case they missed it. "Well sure thing, darlin' we would be more than happy to sit and have a few drinks with you. We don't have anywhere to be and we sure as hell don't have anyone to meet up with. We are both single at the moment." Jasper said looking at me through his eyelashes with this shy smile on his kissable lips. Ok that was good to know. "Should I say sorry or just be happy that I don't have to worry about some crazy bitch coming out to hunt me down because I was talking to her man, or men if you're into that sort of thing?" "No, no girl or girls. But with the right girl we might be open to things" Jasper said while winking at me throwing back a shot. I watched his adam's apple bob when he swallowed the drink. I threw back my shot and then I watched Edward drink his. Edward stood up and walked to the bar he came back with a tray of 15 shots for them to share. "Bella do you live close by?" Edward asked. "No, I don't, I just left my cheating ex husband, who I believe that he has been cheating on me for the last two and a half to three years. I looked over at Edward and Jasper to see them both with expressions of shock on their faces. Tonight was the last straw because today is my birthday and he didn't even acknowledge it, he just left a message saying that he was going to be late yet again. I was going to surprise him with a home cooked candlelight dinner." The looks on their faces was absolute disgust at what Mike did to me. "Bella, would you like to finish these shots and then continue this party at our house? There is a third bedroom which you are more than welcome to use." Jasper said with Edward nodding his head in agreement before Jasper even got to finish the thought. "I sure as hell would love to take you up on that offer boys. It's been a great night so far and I can only see it getting better," I told them thinking that this night had gone a hell of alot better than I had planned, because I started this night just hoping to get stinking drunk and passing out in my car. We each had our five shots "Well, come on lets go have some fun, shall we?" Edward said, then he lead us all to Jasper and his house, which was three doors down from the bar. "Welcome to our bachelor pad." Edward said proudly as I looked around and saw the cleanest house that two guys have ever lived in, I mean nothing was out of place even the PlayStation and Xbox games were all organised in alphabetical order. All the DVD's were categorised and also in alphabetical order, the only thing that was out were two glasses on the coffee table, but they were even sitting on coasters. That is something I have never seen a man do without the nagging of a wife or a girlfriend in their ears. "Would you like a quick tour of the house Bella? I can show you where your room is and where we keep the extra blankets and towels," Jasper asked. "Sure Jas I would love a tour" I told him noticing that Edward was going into a room while Jas took me in the opposite direction. After the quick tour of the house, i noticed that Edward's room had the biggest bed I had ever seen. We walked back into the living room where Edward had about four full bottles of spirits and three shots glasses. We all sat down and he poured out a shot each of the first bottle. He looks over at Jasper and I and asks, "So how about we play a little game to get to know each other a little better. What do think I know my vote is for 'I've never'. What do you think?" "Sure I'm game what about you Jas? That sound good to you?" I turn to ask him. "Sounds like it will be an entertaining game. Bella you go ahead and ask away, ladies first an all!" Jasper said. "Humm, Well I have never been skinny dipping," I say then pick up my shot and take it while I watch as both boys throw back their shots. "My turn?" Edward asked. "I have never stolen something before." Edward drank his shot as did Jasper while mine remained on the table? We both turned to look at Jasper to see what he would say. "What did you both steal, and how old