Greye's Notes: So this story is completely different from others I've written, as I'm sure you will see immediately! Nevertheless, I hope that you will read, and enjoy. If you really like it, or are just feeling generous, please leave a review! I'd love to hear your thoughts. (Hehe, Edward joke.) As always, many thanks to my sister Moon's Lullaby for keeping me from falling flat on my face here! If you like Harry Potter stuffs, check her out! Disclaimer: I certainly do not own the rights to Twilight, at all! All characters, etc. belong to Stephenie Meyer. When a group of poachers destroys a wolf family in the forest around Forks, Chief Swan thought he was rescuing a wolf pup from a slow, lonely death. What he got instead was the ultimate gift he could receive: a family. In which Bella is Faoladh. There was nothing quite like running with the wind in her fur, Bella reflected as her paws landed amongst brush and bracken of the forest. Her lupine nose was filled with the scents of the forest - decaying earth, rich pine, the faint smell of rain - a storm coming, no doubt - and, there. Her ears perked up when her nose picked up the unmistakable smell of rabbit. She could feel saliva building in her jaws as she closed in on her prey. The jack rabbit sunning himself in a clear patch of forest never knew what got him. Her jaws snapped his neck with a swift crack , and that was that. Bella swallowed the warm, mouthful of meat, satisfied by the rich flavor. Her ear twitched as she heard someone calling her name. Resigned, she finished her meal quickly and padded back into the forest. She emerged from the woods behind a modest, two-story home to find her father standing with hands on his hips, about to call her once more until he spotted her familiar, red, grey-brown form trotting from the woods. "Good grief Bella," he chastised, his expression stern, "You're nearly late for your first day at school." The wolf rolled her eyes and let out a huff, before rolling her shoulders as a series of cracks rippled through her body. Her father winced and looked away as the transformation took hold. In the place of the wolf soon stood a teenage girl, mostly. Her eyes were a greenish brown, her ears had just the slightest taper to them, and her brown hair was peppered with the occasional red, grey, and white. On an ordinary human, the hair might have had an aging effect - but on Bella, who was not human at all, it looked natural. She stretched her human form, only satisfied when her back gave a very audible pop. The change didn't hurt precisely, but it certainly wasn't comfortable. She smirked at Charlie's red face, still resolutely turned away. "Come on Dad, it's not like you haven't seen this before. You're such a prude." Stark naked, Bella walked past him and back into the house. As she got ready for school, Bella reflected on the years leading up to this moment. Even though she had lived with Charlie all of her life, she had never attended the schools in Forks. This was partially because Charlie feared what would happen if people discovered what she was - which, she admitted, was a valid concern. After all, ordinary humans didn't generally turn into wolves on a whim. And when she had been younger, Bella had not understood the need to keep her identity a secret. The wolf was an equal part of herself - she was as much wolf as human, and so her wolf state was as natural feeling as her human state. She had shifted from wolf to human and back again with no thought to who might be around to see. Some of that rebelliousness was still there, she thought ruefully as she pulled a white t-shirt over her head, evidenced by her change in front of Charlie. That had been completely unnecessary, but oh so fun. She grinned again when she remembered the look on his face. Charlie became so easily flustered. Selecting a pair of jeans and some worn out chucks, Bella finished getting ready quickly. She slung a side bag over her shoulder-her choice in place of a regular backpack-and headed back downstairs. Hiding had been necessary in those early years. Bella had needed the time to acclimate to being a human being, and Charlie wasn't always the best teacher. Now, at 18, she understood why she needed to keep her wolf form under wraps. She would never understand why humans were so callous toward beings different from themselves, but she guessed, as Charlie had repeated to her dozens of times over the years, that was just the way things were. In preparing her to enter society though, Charlie had not neglected her studies. He had been a diligent tutor, and had acquired for her necessary materials to cover areas he himself struggled with. As she neared the upper levels of high school, however, he had reached well past his limit in what he could adequately teach her. And so it was, she thought with a thrill, that she would actually get to attend school. Despite herself, a giddy grin stretched across her face. A grin which withered when she ran into Charlie at the foot of the stairs, his arms folded and a grim expression on his face. "Cheer up Dad, it's not like I'm going to my execution." She said, grinning cheekily at him. Charlie only shook his head, and she could guess what he was thinking. Bella released a sigh as she moved past him. "Alright alright, I know already. Keep my head down, don't get into trouble, and don't trust anyone." Finally, a small smile cracked his facade. "That's my girl." He said fondly, reaching out to ruffle her hair. Bella deftly ducked out of his reach with the ease of practice, laughing. His expression grew serious again. "Just be careful, Bella. I want you to enjoy this, but I don't know what I would do if anything ever happened to you." Bella sobered as she saw the worry in his eyes. Settling herself, she did her best to look reassuring. She didn't want him to change his mind, after all. "I promise I'll be careful. I'll call you if I have any trouble." She stuck her hands in her pockets and smiled. There was silence for a few moments, before Charlie smiled as well and they both relaxed. "Okay," he said, gesturing to the door, "If I hold you up any longer, you really will be late. Go on outside, I have a surprise for you." Lifting an eyebrow in interest, Bella spun on her heel and headed for the door. When she pulled it open, she couldn't help the gasp that escaped her lips. There, in the driveway, was a banged up old truck. The red paint was worn off in places, and it looked like it had survived a war zone. Bella instantly loved it. "I know it's not much, but I got it for a good price and I know it runs..." Bella cut off Charlie's rambling when she turned back around and threw her arms around him in excitement. She squeezed the breath out of him. "Dad it's perfect! Thank you so much!" She released him and missed his pained groan and the hand he passed over his ribs in her haste to check out her new ride. She went to open the door before realizing she didn't have the keys. She turned back to Charlie expectantly only to find that the keys were already arcing through the air toward her. Bella snatched them from the air easily, and grinned at Charlie's red face. "I'm glad you like it." He mumbled after a moment, embarrassment still clear in his features. "Now get going!" Bella didn't need to be told twice. She hopped into the cab and laughed in delight when the loud engine growled to life. Her ears flinched away from the magnitude of the noise, but she didn't care. It was perfect. As she looked back at her father standing in the doorway, her heart suddenly swelled in her chest. She had been so lucky to be taken in by this man. What her life would have been like with out him, she didn't dare think about. After carefully backing out of the driveway, she was off. Getting to the school was easy-Forks was her hometown after all, and she had been by there before with her father. What she wasn't expecting was the sudden bout of nerves that hit her the moment she pulled into the parking lot. Every head swiveled in her direction, surveying the loud truck and the new student driving it. Bella parked as quickly as she could and killed the engine. Her heart was suddenly pounding and her face was flushed with embarrassment. What she was embarrassed about exactly, she wasn't sure. Being dropped off in her dad's squad car would have been even more embarrassing, she reminded herself. After taking a deep breath, she hopped out of the cab and slung her bag across her body. "Take it easy girl." She muttered to herself under her breath. "You're the new kid, but you aren't exactly new . They know who you are." Pep talk over, Bella headed toward the front office to get her schedule for the day. She studiously avoided meeting the curious stares directed her way, and kept her hands clenched around the strap of her bag. Her eyes stayed firmly on her shoes as she walked until she reached the office. Shyness wasn't normally part of her personality, but she couldn't help feeling nervous. Nerves quickly fled her mind when she reached the office, however. The moment she walked into the room, her sharp nose picked up a scent she had never encountered before. The hackles at the base of her neck rose, and she felt a growl building in her chest. Startled by her sudden, instinctual reaction, Bella forced herself to stop and take another whiff to figure out what was going on. Again, immediately, her body reacted. The fine hairs on her arms stood on end, and she could feel the wolf wanting to be free. Only a lifetime of carefully practiced control kept her from changing right then and there. Bella took a careful step out of the office and braced her back against the cool bricks of the building. She forced herself to focus on the cool, rough surface behind her and took a deep breath of fresh air. Thankfully she didn't smell it out here. Whatever the scent belonged to must have entered the office from the main building. Once she was sufficiently calm, Bella felt only dismay. What could possibly be here that would set off her instincts that way? The animal part of her brain was practically screaming danger. This was just what she needed! Irrational anger surged in her. She finally, finally had a chance to go to a real school and she almost blew it on the first day! "Great job, idiot." She growled under her breath. What even was this smell? The bell rang. Noting the time, Bella forced herself back into the office to get her schedule, breathing through her mouth this time to be on the safe side. Once that was completed, she gave herself time to think. It hadn't smelled bad persay-it was a strange, sweet scent that otherwise might even have been pleasant. She had no idea what it could be, but clearly her wolf side recognized it as an enemy. What would happen when she met the owner of this scent? She hardly dared think of it. Her keen ears picked up someone moving to fall into step with her. "Hello!" A jovial voice sounded in her ear and she