I Will Protect You Prompt on Tumblr from one of my lovely followers that said: "AU where Aragorn takes the ring after Frodo's death and turns evil. Aragorn/Legolas would be preferred, but anything works." Here you go, love! I do not own Lord of The Rings or affiliated characters and franchises. For more notes, see the end of the story. Legolas has never liked someone protecting him. He did not like the implication that he could not protect himself. Though he understood that such a saying was not actually an implication that he could not protect himself, more of a way of expressing a sentiment of wanting to be sure of his safety. He still did not like it. It made him feel weak and underestimated when someone told him they would protect him. Aragorn has always had a skewed sense of protection. Legolas had seen it for the first time when the human was very young. They had been wandering around Imladris, and one of the noldor elves - a particularly old viewed one - had made a comment about Legolas' silvan nature. Legolas had been angry, but he was a prince. He knew better than to outwardly confront the elf, rather he would tell Lord Elrond and he would deal with the elf. Aragorn, however, was not as well trained towards passive aggressiveness as Legolas, and had outright attacked the elf. Everyone knew of Lord Elrond's human charge, and could recognize him on sight. The elf did not fight back. Aragorn had flown off the handle, screaming what Legolas had assumed to be insults in Westron, he was not sure as he had yet to master the language and only knew a few phrases. But he knew enough to drag Aragorn off of the elf. Aragorn calmed down immediately at Legolas' touch, and proceeded like nothing had happened. Later that week, Legolas had gone to the healer's ward to check on the elf. He was injured, but he would heal, and there would be no scars or lasting injuries. Over the years, Aragorn's temper had been tamed. Though when he was younger, there were several attacks when someone insulted someone Aragorn cared about. Whether orc, elf, man, or dwarf. But, at eighty-seven years old, Aragorn was considerably calmer. That still did not stop Legolas from gritting his teeth and grabbing Aragorn's arm when Gimli said a particularly scathing comment. But, for the most part, Aragorn was calm. Until Moria. Legolas was scared. It was not something that happened often, but he could not help it at this time. All elves had a natural aversion to the dark, being creatures of light and splendor. And they were none too fond of caves either. Elves were connected to the trees and to the heavens, Legolas even more so than most, and caves blocked them from those that they held dear to their hearts. Legolas was afraid, because the dark scared him. He would never admit to such a childish fear, but he found himself curling into himself and focusing to maximize the glow that all elves had as much as he could. He found himself training his ruby red gaze(1) ever more oftenly on his own glowing skin or Gandalf's staff. 'Do not worry,' Aragorn had murmured in their first night in Moria, 'I will protect you.' Legolas had shivered at the words, not only because of the usual reason he hated those words; but because he also remembered what Aragorn's idea about protection was. Legolas worried for the dwarves that the Fellowship may encounter in their stay. 'Soon, Master Elf,' said Gimli, 'You will know the hospitality of dwarves!' Legolas laughed, a bright, clear sound that hid any ill feelings he had. 'Indeed, I shall look forward to being proven wrong about your people, Master Dwarf,' said Legolas, brushing a stray lock of hair over his dagger-pointed ears, 'But I must ask; Where are they? For we have naught of a dwarf aside from yourself since we have entered.' 'Mayhap,' Gimli said in an inquisitive voice, 'They have moved deeper into the halls for their protection. We will see them soon, I am determined.' 'Then I shall take your word as truth,' said Legolas, going back to admiring studiously brightening his glow to keep the darkness at bay. A few members of the Fellowship seemed gleeful at the extra light provided by him. 'Do all elves glow as bright as you, Legolas?' asked Pippin, the young hobbit's head cocked in curiosity. 'We glow brighter than the stars but fainter than the moon(2),' answered Legolas, speaking in riddles as was the way of the elves. 'Is that a no? I'm going to take that as a no,' Pippin said with a shrug. 'I believe it was an answer of some sorts, but I do not believe a no,' said Aragorn, entertaining the hobbits as he so often did. Legolas shuddered to think when Aragorn's full protection may become necessary for the hobbits' lives to continue. It was not long later that they discovered the fate that the lords of Moria had suffered. Gimli lamented his sorrow in telling stories to the Fellowship of his family before they had met their bitter end. Though Legolas was saddened over the loss of Gimli's family, and worried at the threat that may still loom over them. Even worse, Legolas had heard the following Gollum creature since little after they had left Imladris. Legolas was worried that the Gollum creature would attack Frodo and steal the ring and so - knowing of the Gollum creature's aversion to light - he struggled to strengthen his glow more. 'Legolas, mellon nin, are you frightened? Your glow, though beautiful, strengthens with every passing moment. You need not be afraid, Legolas nin, for I will protect you,' said Aragorn. Legolas shuddered at the possessive phrasing of his name, and at those most hated words. 'I hold no fear for my safety, Aragorn, but for that of the ring bearer's. The Gollum creature is following us and has been for quite some time. I am worried that here, in the dark of Moria without the protection of the dwarf lords, he will attack and attempt to steal the ring,' said Legolas, foregoing referring to Aragorn as his friend in light of Aragorn's earlier slip. 'I will protect him, as I will protect you. I will protect everyone in this company until we are made to separate,' Aragorn said, sure of himself. 'Then I will trust you in that,' said Legolas, his tone sure of what he had decided, 'Though I will keep my glow as strong as I can make it, knowing that the light will keep the Gollum creature at bay.' 'But, mellon nin, will it keep those that we worry so dearly for awake? You are best to resume your usual glow and allow me to protect you from the creature and to keep him at bay,' said Aragorn, his tone pleading and concerned. Legolas looked over at the hobbits as they started to set up camp for the night. Legolas nodded and closed his eyes, his glow receding until it resumed its natural shine. 'You are in the right, mellon nin,' said Legolas, gracing Aragorn with the fond phrase as he so often did. Legolas was unaware when he had ever actually stopped using it, and realized that it was foolish to do so. The dark of Moria seemed to encroach on Legolas even more without the extra light, but he stopped himself from strengthening his glow, if only for the sake of the hobbits. Gandalf was dead. Legolas did not know what to do. Gandalf was dead, the hobbits were grieving - so was Gimli and Aragorn - and Boromir was angry. Boromir was angry because Legolas did not know how to grieve. Legolas had not been permitted to grieve his mother's death, and he did not feel that Thranduil's way of grieving was the most healthy. That did not, however, stop his longing for a goblet of wine when a memory of Gandalf hit him particularly hard. Lothlorien was a relief. Legolas enjoyed being near his aunt and uncle(3), and the mourning of his kin helped him to mourn as well. The biggest relief of Lothlorien, Legolas is compelled to admit, is the way it gives him the chance to get away from Aragorn. Since Moria, his friend has been keeping an uncomfortably close eye on Legolas, and the prince was feeling worried and suffocated. 'Mae Govannen, Legolas,' said Haldir, his voice warm and his gaze caring as he looked upon his royal friend. 'Mae Govannen, indeed, Haldir!' Legolas exclaimed, happy to see his friend in circumstances other than a most disastrous introduction. 'You are avoiding your friends, little prince. Is there a reason behind such abandonment?' asked Haldir, his hand resting gently upon the prince's shoulder. Legolas turned his gaze away from his friend and to the beautiful wood that he resided in. 'The ring calls to him,' said Legolas, his gaze fixed upon the trees, 'I can hear it. In the way he speaks, in his promises of protection. It calls to him and he is weak to resist. I fear for what may happen.' 'He is stronger than any could guess, I have no doubt that he will be able to resist the pull long enough to see this quest through to the end,' said Haldir, his gaze fixed resolutely on Legolas. 'I hold only hope that you are correct,' said Legolas, his tone soft with optimism. They leave Lothlorien, and Legolas is unbearably sad to see it go. But he is also happy, because every step away from Lothlorien is one that is closer to Mordor and to the death of the evil thing that calls to Legolas and his friends in their sleep. He is also happy, because he has made a new friend. While Legolas before counted the dwarf of their company merely as a companion, he has realized now that Gimli is actually quite pleasurable to be around. He is quick and clever and always interesting to speak with. Legolas enjoys the dwarf's company, even more so as he feels the darkening of Aragorn's heart and how hungry Boromir grows. Hungry for the ring. Legolas hates to see his companions become weak like this. Though he knows that Gimli feels the call of the ring - indeed Legolas can hear it as well - Gimli is better at resisting. He is much too prideful to fall to such a silly little trinket as a piece of jewelry. 'You despair for them,' says Gimli one evening. Boromir is sat with the hobbits, making pleasant conversation. For a second Legolas can almost feel as if the man does not hunger for the ring. Aragorn is sat away from the rest of the Fellowship, keeping watch for anything that should decide to go bump in the night. Protecting them, as it was. 'I despair for us all, mellon nin. We all hear the call of the ring, but I know that our mannish companions hear it more so than all of us,' replies Legolas, his gaze sad as it is fixed upon his long time friend. 'I fear it is so. They are good men, but they are not strong enough to resist the pull of the ring,' Gimli says, his gaze fixed exactly where Legolas' is. 'Men have always been weak. I have known that since I was but an elfling. I just hope that whatever strength they have holds out for just the while longer till we rid ourselves of that… dark thing.' Legolas could think of no better word for the ring, dark seemed to be perfect for it. Gimli made no comment, seemingly agreeing with Legolas' words. 'Legolas! Gimli! Come join us,' called Pippin, his tone as cheerful and innocent as ever, 'There is plenty of room around the fire!' Legolas and Gimli exchanged a look,