"Annie I can't…" I start into the phone. However if there's one thing I know about my favorite cousin it's that although she can seem like the most sweetest delicate person in the world, she has her firm moments where she can persuade anybody to do just about anything. "Come one Katniss it's Friday night, do you have more important plans than spending tonight with me?" She pleads and I can visualize the pout she has probably formed with her bottom lip. "it would mean a lot to me." She leaves it at that, allowing the guilt to sink in. I take a deep inhale. "Where exactly would we be going…" I let out in a monotone. "Yay!" She squeaks. "Finnick is having his housewarming party tonight, it starts at 7. I'm not sure how late it will go but just tell your mom you're staying at my house." Finnick is a graduating senior at the same college as Annie while she's only a junior. They've only been dating for a year but he's had eyes for her ever since he first saw her at the frat orientation when she was an incoming freshman. From what Annie's frat sisters' had told her he was a notorious ladies' man, that is until he had his reigns set on Annie, who was quick to turn him down when he immediately asked her out. Without knowing she instilled his chase for her from that moment, until about a year ago when she finally agreed to become exclusive and they've been inseparable ever since. In fact, I don't really see her as much as I used to. When we were younger we used to be attached at the hip but I just interpreted our growing space to her college life, relationship and the fact that she had turned 21 earlier this year while I was barely approaching 18. "He's found his own place already?" I asked a little surprised. Finnick wouldn't be graduating for another month, around the same time I would be graduating from my high school. "Yeah you know him, impulsive and passionate." She chuckles but I can hear the slight adoring tone in it. "What would I wear? Are you sure he's going to want a high scholer there?" I'm pertaining to myself but I already know the answer. Finnick doesn't mind anything that brings a smile to Annie's face, even if that means letting her underage cousin tag along with her to his rager he would be hosting at his new home. I had met him a couple times when Annie would occasionally bring him to family functions. He's never been less than a gentleman and it's obvious that they fit together better than puzzle pieces. You can always tell just by the way he looks at her… "Are you kidding you look older than me and besides he was actually the one to remind me to invite you. I'll pick you up in a half hour and you can just get ready with me." Annie then requests to speak to my mom. It's brief, she's probably honed my mom in on our supposed itinerary for the night. Maybe something between the lines of a late movie marathon or a girl's dinner and movie in the city. Not like my mom ever checks into it, since Dad died she's as passive as a human being can get. I retrieve my overnight bag from my closet and fill it with a set of pajamas, set of clothes for tomorrow and one more set of clothes just in case. I toss my toothbrush and a tube of mascara into a side pocket as it is pretty much the only piece of makeup I wear, I don't pack much else. I sit at the edge of my bed and look at the clock. I have about 15 more minutes til Annie should get here. I redo my braid as some loose strands had escaped and my eyes fall upon Prim's side of the bedroom. She too will be staying the night away which worked out perfectly since she wouldn't get much attention at home without me being here. I decide to feed Buttercup and refresh his water bowl while I have extra time on my hands. I grab a bag of pretzels to munch on and it's not long before Annie's car pulls up to my house. "Feels like old days when we used to have sleepovers all the time. I hope you're ready for a good night." Annie gives me a crooked smile as I get into the passenger seat. I hope I do too I mentally add. "You don't have another dress?" I groaned examining myself in Annie's mirror. She had given me a long summer dress that was backless and in the front it had a deep V cut that revealed my cleavage line. I wasn't so thrilled about the color either which was a coral pink. "I'm not going to be able to wear my bra with this one." "I think that's kind of the point." Annie smirked. "Katniss if my boobs looked as good as yours I'd be wearing clothes like that all the time." Annie gestured to her own A cups, but having a face as gorgeous as hers I didn't pity her, everyone always raved about her facial beauty which caused them to overlook her small sized chest. She wore a short teal colored dress that clung to her body in all the right places. She pulled on a sleek black leather jacket on top and I realized the dress made it impossible to miss the green specks in her hazel eyes. Her hair was straightened and ended right around her lower back. "Should I straighten my hair?" I questioned. Being that I was the ultimate tom-boy I was never good at any of this girly stuff. My neighbor and best friend, Gale, was who I spent most of my day with but that came to an end when he went off to college himself two years ago. I still see him when he comes home on breaks or for holidays and we're always able to reconnect not letting the distance phase our friendship. At school I now find myself in the company of Madge, a kind and quiet spoken girl that's been my lab partner since freshman year. She's nothing like Gale but we both seem to have a understanding that we can depend on each other keeping our distance from the different cliques at school. "No just undo your braid and I'll give you a tiny bit of hairspray so the waves will stay in for the rest of the night." Annie beamed at me as she approached me with her makeup bag in hand. "Not that you need it but can I experiment a couple things on you?" I nodded in agreement. Unlike me, Annie was an only child. I knew when we were younger she always envied me having Prim and maybe that's why she was always over at our house. My dad was also her godfather and she took it pretty hard when he died as did the rest of us. Her mom, which was his sister, proceeded to act as though his work accident never happen, she still to this day has never spoke about it almost like he was just away on a trip and I know it bothered Annie. During the time of his funeral she had nobody to comfort her at home while she mourned for her favorite uncle since her mom was so deep in denial about it. Although Annie lives in her fraternity house on campus, her mom still lets her keep her old room in the house. She hardly comes home to visit on weekends anymore, not that I blame her with her parent's recent divorce. "I'm just about done." Annie murmured as she bit her bottom lip finishing my eyeliner. She turned me away from her and towards the mirror. My eyes grew wide in surprise as I took in the subtle but noticeable additions Annie had done to my face. Besides my initial mascara she had added eyeliner to the my eyelids and lightly filled in my eyebrows. "And last but not least..." She handed me a soft pink gloss to apply onto my lips. "It's about to be 7 so I guess we should get going since it's 45 minutes out." Annie announced as she started to gather her things in a small clutch. "Fine with me." I breathed. It had been a while since I spent quality time with Annie but I was sincerely glad to be with her tonight despite the outfit she picked for me tonight. Her, Prim and Gale were just about the only people who seemed to understand me and I was perfectly fine with that. Little did I know tonight that was all going to change. Surprisingly, Finnick's house nothing short of simple. From what Annie had told me before I knew his parents died his freshman year of college and he was left with all the inheritance being an only child himself as well. For this reason I was surprised the home wasn't more extravagant since usually young people tend to spend their money unwisely. It sat just ten minutes away from their university in a quiet little neighborhood. It was a cozy two story that included two bedrooms, two bath, a spacious living room with a chimney and a small den that he had converted to a man cave with a pool table and small bar. We let ourselves in as the front door was unlocked and it didn't take long to spy Finnick who was attention, along with about five other guys, was engaged in the soccer game displayed on his big screen. "What did I tell you Brazil's gonna take it!" He excited. He did a silent round of applause with his hands before his attention switched our way almost as if he sensed Annie's presence, which he probably did since they were so head over hills for each other. "Hey Babe, about time you made it." He rose from the couch. "Finn you remember my cousin Katniss..." Annie said slicking her arm around his waist as he reached her and he placed a matching arm over her shoulder as he greeted her with a quick peck before he turned to me. I had never seen someone with a smile as big as Finnick's. "Of course I could never forget a pretty face especially one that resembles Ann." He used his free arm to pull me into a quick hug. "Feel free to help yourself to anything. The caterer arrives at 8:30. Mi casa es tu casa." He gave Annie another quick kiss before continuing on with his duty of hosting. "I think he set up some tables for BP out back by the Jacuzzi, let's go see if we still got it." Annie grabbed my hand and led me to the backyard. When she was in high school she would drag me along to parties, sometimes Gale too if I insisted. We were known to be pretty lethal but I felt like that was ages ago. Who knows if I was any good still. But sure enough there was two long BP tables and two round tables, one for poker and one for black jack. We approached the first BP table as Annie seemed to know everyone. She greeted them with hugs before bringing their attention to me. "Hey guys this is my cousin Katniss. Katniss this is Cato, Thresh, Joanna, Glimmer, Marvel and Peeta. I made an effort to smile at each of them and then my eyes fell on who she introduced last. His piercing blue eyes seemed to bore into my gray ones before he released his face into a smile. "Where've you been hiding her…" The one named Marvel mumbled and Peeta's smile quickly disappeared as