… The Girl Who Was Forgotten… Hello everyone and welcome to my latest fanfic story! Now I admit that I am more well known for my Naruto and Shugo Chara stories (well…anime/manga in general) but I decided to dabble in a Harry Potter series! So I am hoping that you awesome people can tell by the title a little about what this story is going to be about, basically, I always imagine what it would have been like if Harry had a twin and how the story would have been different if this had of happened. So please sit back, relax and enjoy the story! Disclaimer – I do not in any way shape or form own any of the characters/story or franchise of Harry Potter. - !BEWARE! There will be Lemonage in this story! - James pressed a small damp cloth to his loving wife's temple as she groaned through the pain of their child being born. "Keep pushing Lil! He's almost here! Our little boy!" James whispered the encouraging words as Lily gripped tighter onto his hand. "One more push Lily! Just one more push and he will be here!" the Mediwitch cheered as Lily groaned louder through the pain as a 'plop' sound could be heard. She breathed out slowly as they all waited for the baby to start crying. The Mediwitch swished her wand slightly to wrap the baby in a warm blanket and cut the cord as his sweet cries began to fill the room. James touched his wife's face gently as he kissed her deeply. "Look Lily, our little boy, our little Harry." James smiled as the baby was taken away to be weighted. There was a soft knock at the door as Lily began to groan again which caused James, who had been watching his baby boy in awe, to turn back to his wife. "What's wrong Lily!?" He panicked as she gripped his hand again and she began groaning again. The door opened slightly as the Mediwitch told Sirius to stay out until he was asked for. He nodded with a concerned look on his face before heading back out. "James, what's happening?" Lily cried in between what felt like another contraction. Harry was being tended to by another Mediwitch as he began to cry to the sound of his mother in pain. The Mediwitch tending to Lily smiled up at them both. "I need you to give me another big push Lily." The couple looked at each other before Lily done what was asked of her and continued pushing before another 'plop' sound was heard in the room and the instant cry of another baby filled the room. "Congratulations Mr and Mrs Potter, you have a little girl." The Mediwitch smiled as she wrapped the little girl in another blanket and asked James to do the honour of cutting the cord this time. Both babies were weighted and put into their small cot which floated towards the side of Lily's bed. "I thought you told us we only had one baby. What happened?" James asked as Lily stared happily down at her two babies. "Well, it seems that we have been off slightly. This would explain why it took us so long to determine the sex of the baby." She smiled as she swished her wand to begin clearing up the bed and once the placenta followed she destroyed it and helped Lily get comfortable once again as both James and Lily took turns holding their two precious children. Shortly after Sirius and Remus were granted access to the room with a look of relief washing over Sirius as he saw that Lily was ok. The situation was explained to them both as Remus took Harry into his arms and Sirius took the little girl into his arms. "So what are your thoughts for this little bundle of joy?" Sirius asked mesmerised by her little face smiling up at him and reaching her hands up towards him. "Well all of the women in my family have flower names, we have to keep up with that tradition." Lily smiled up at James. "As long as it isn't Petunia like her aunt!" James said with a stern nod. Lily rolled her eyes at him. "Why not Belle?" Remus asked looking over at the little girl in Sirius' arms. Sirius shook his head. "She is far too cute to have a name like Belle. This girl is going to grow up to be an amazing witch and a beautiful girl just like her mother. She needs something far more suited to her." Sirius said as he gripped onto her little hand. "Hmmmm…Well definitely not Daisy or Tulip." James said as Lily nodded, the Mediwitch came back in to see if they had come up with a name yet as they were all discussing the matter. "I know she is going to have the same sharp tongue as her mother, she can't have a common name. I won't allow it, no daughter of mine is going to be seen as someone simple and plain." Lily said with certainty at her first statement. "Rose." Sirius simply said as the little baby in his arms smiled and let out a happy giggle. "Rose. I like it, maybe Rose for short though, a full name of Rosette?" James said as he took his wife's hand and looked at her tired yet happy face. "That's perfect. Our little Rosette and Harry." Lily smiled as Sirius and Remus held the siblings next to each other. The two babies looked at each other, Rose smiling whilst Harry just had a grumpy face. Over the years to come Remus and Sirius loved helping their best friend bring up his children, Lily was a wonderful mother to both children. They were the perfect little family, when the unthinkable happened. Dumbledore and McGonagall stood at the front door of the freshly broken into house. A grave sight awaiting them inside. James was face down and not breathing downstairs, the two older wizards sunk their heads in respect before looking at one another and rushing upstairs as they heard movement. Once they made it into the room they saw Lily fall to the ground as Voldemort turned his attention to the two innocent toddlers before him, they were standing up with their hands on the railing as they both began crying. They could see him holding his wand up to the two toddlers and as they heard him begin to cast the spell they saw Rosette grip her brothers hand as if in anticipation of what was about to happen. Yet when the spell was cast it bounced off of the toddlers and as Voldemort screamed in pain, he vanished, leaving the toddlers screaming as a fresh scar sat on both their foreheads, Harrys on the right and Rosettes' on her left. The two wizards went into the nursery and swallowed hard as they looked down at Lily Potters' unmoving, unbreathing body. They once again sunk their heads down in respect before McGonagall picked Rosette up into her arms and Dumbledore done the same to Harry. They turned and left the house, after a small conversation and an executive decision on Dumbledore's part they decided that the twins should be split up for their own protection. Harry going to his aunt and uncles house while Rose was to be taken to a muggle adoption agency. Both had small necklaces, with an H and R on their individual locket, left with them in a small basket outside the house they were to be left outside. McGonagall also agreed with Dumbledore that they would cover Rose's scar with a magic spell to keep her from being discovered in the muggle world. Dumbledore then made his way back to where the incident had happened to find Severus hugging onto Lily whilst letting all of his pain flow through his eyes as he screamed out at the loss of his one true love. Dumbledore settled down next to Severus as he held his old friend close. "I couldn't save her! Not even her children! You were meant to protect them! I trusted you!" Snape cried out as he placed small kisses on Lily's forehead. Dumbledore grew a sad smile on his face. "Maybe you didn't trust the right person Severus. Besides McGonagall and myself tried our best to save the two children but I'm afraid we couldn't save her little girl. But Harry has gone to his aunt and uncle. It is safest for him to grow up in the muggle world. The news surrounding his parents death is something we would rather he didn't have to endure." Dumbledore spoke quietly and calmly, hating the fact that he had to lie to his friend. "Lily's daughter didn't make it?" Snape sniffled as he looked to the small cot they were sat in front of. Dumbledore shook his head slowly. "Professor McGonagall and I got here just a little too late. It would appear she sacrificed herself to save her brother. We made the executive decision to bury the little girl where she can rest in peace and have her brother taken straight to his new home." Dumbledore said as they finally got up to leave the house. "I swear on my word that I will protect that little boy as he gets older. I will keep him from harm's way for her. I won't let her down a second time." Snape declared as he sat her up and shut her eyes to make her look more peaceful. "I know you will Severus and I am sure that Lily knows that as well." Dumbledore said as they left the building, Snape composing himself as they left the property. 9 years later… Rose was lying in her comfy bed when her mother opened the curtains before turning to her and rocking her gently to wake her up. [A/N – I won't do individual scenes of Harry at home with the Dudley's as I am planning on having it at least remotely similar to the actual stories. Anything that is different will be mentioned later on at Hogwarts] "Rosette darling, it's time to wake up." Her mother smiled as her eyes began to flutter open. "Good morning mother." Rose said as she sat up rubbing her eyes gently. "Do you know what day it is today?" Her dad asked from the door way. Rose shook her head sleepily. "It's a very special day my darling." He smiled as he waited for her to wake up some more. "It's the one day a year where we get to take time off work and do whatever it is that you want." Her mother smiled down at her as Rose's eyes light up and she began jumping up and down on her bed. "I can't believe I forgot it was my birthday!" Rose squealed in excitement before hugging her mother and running over to her dad, giving him a massive hug. Her parents smiled down at her as Rose went to her wardrobe to pick out her outfit. She loved the outfits her parents bought for her. She picked out a cute little pale pastel pink dress that had small frills along the bottom hem and a cute light red bow to go around her waist. She looked over at her mother who had a similar, more mature, tighter fitting dress with the same colour combination on, where as her father had a dull brown suit on. She threw on some white dolly socks with her red buckle shoes on before skipping over to her mothers' side. They decided to spend the day doing a bit of shopping before taking her to the local petting zoo. Rose loved seeing all of the little sheep following after their parents. Her favourite part of the zoo was the area that she looked forward to visiting every year, the animal shelter section. She pushed open the doors, her