Well, this certainly wasn't what she expected for life to throw at her once she'd graduated. Being torn from a life of academia – ok, so it was more drinking and lazing around in bed than actual academia, but still! – to a genuinely terrifying situation with magic, witches and different worlds of all things, had definitely not been on the agenda. The woman leaned nearer to her, smiling almost apologetically, the knife coming ever so closer, inch by inch. She could practically hear her last seconds ticking away, her breath increasing rapidly, frantic. "You really don't need to do this, I swear. There must be something else I can do, some kind of a… a… compromise, anything! I'll just give it to you, I swear!" She begged, close to sobbing now, her fingers digging in to the bark of the tree behind her, still unable to move. "I really do wish there was another way, dearie. I do so hate that this has to happen. But the evil in this land is back, I can feel it. And after what happened last time, I will not be caught out. We were almost destroyed by Sauron in his mad struggle for power." "Do you even hear yourself?!" She shrieked, tears streaming down her face now. " Sauron ?! You're crazy!" The older woman shrugged, now seeming quite amused. "It would seem that way to you of course. I know your world regards ours as some kind of a fairytale story but I can assure you, it's all true. Not that it matters much to you now. I just wanted to assure you that your death will not be for naught. I need your power. And, unfortunately for you, I need it now. And then, I'll be going back for your lovely looking friend. I assume she's quite worried about you, back there in England." She smiled, apparently attempting to be reassuring, and put the knife against the sobbing woman. "Now dearie, hold still, I assume this is going to hurt rather a lot and I don't particularly want to make a messy job of it. Blood is a terrible pain to get out of these robes." ... "Hey, what d'you reckon?" Zoe asked grinning, leaning back on the grass and stretching slightly in the weakening but still warm summer sun. "Fancy camping in the ruins tonight?" "You sure? What if someone sees us? Won't we get in trouble?" came the reply from the open boot of the car. "There's no one here, Ari! And I doubt anyone will come by at night. Stop being so pants and help me put the tent up. Besides, I want to see if it's haunted…" There came a derisive snort from behind the car. Zoe, raising her head slightly, shaded her eyes to see her friend raise her hand from behind the beaten up, old car and make a rather obscene gesture. "Well fuck you too!" She said laughing. She groped around on the grass behind her and pulled her black aviators on, smoothing her short, red hair back from her face, pouting at its ruffled waves and attempting to flatten it with her hands. "God, I only straightened this mess this morning. Why am I cursed with frizz?" She mumbled to herself, shaking a clenched fist at the sky. Stepping from behind the car, Ari grinned. "You clearly don't know me at all, loser. Bloody ghosts are hardly going to want to make me sleep in there, unlike you, crazy lady. Also, you look like a duck when you pout like that. Desist." "Desisting, cap'n!" Zoe saluted her with her middle finger and then continued on with her badgering. "Please, please, please bestie? You know you love me and you know I'm going to get my way anyway, so why don't we just skip the debate and move the tent in the ruins instead of next to boring, old Shit-Tip in some field?" she said, referring to her beat up, fading turquoise, Volkswagen Beetle. She had received it four years ago for her seventeenth birthday, from her absentee mother, and had named it the Guiltmobile. On its third year of being in her ownership and after many bumps and scrapes, she had rechristened it Shit-Tip, now almost affectionately. "Fine, but if there are ghosts, you can go outside and shoo them away while I hide in my sleeping bag, cowering pathetically. Deal?" "Deal!" Zoe launched herself from her sunbathing spot and ran to the car, pulling the tent bag and her own backpack, which was bursting at the seams, running across the fields and into the beautiful but scanty ruins of the castle before Ari changed her mind. Ari smiled at her friend's antics and, turning to face the sun soaked up the warm rays. It had been an unusually good summer so far and she wondered how long it would be before their luck changed and the fine sunshine changed to a dreary drizzle. England's weather was, after all, notoriously wet. She couldn't remember a summer when the weather had held this long. Last year, thankfully after she'd finished her second year exams at university, there had been two long weeks of blissful sunshine, where her skin had become a gorgeous golden brown colour. Then it had rained. Non-stop. Typical Brit, she thought to herself, still smiling slightly. Always complaining about the weather. She and Zoe had graduated four weeks ago, both with respectable degrees - hers in literature, with two languages that she had picked up along the way, and Zoe's in physiotherapy. Five days after their ceremony they had ditched the well-wishes and the underlying hints from their parents to get 'real jobs' and 'real responsibilities', as her Dad kept putting it, and escaped. She loved him dearly but she had barely been back at home for two days before he had started harping on at her; what she was going to do with her life and what was she going to do with a degree in literature, really ? Well, she didn't have any answers for him. And really, it was a few years too late to start criticising her degree choice. So, full of worries and anxieties about disappointing her parents and the pressures of being a freshly made graduate, she had despondently walked to Zoe's house down the street. And Zoe, being the impulsive one of the two of them had come up with a plan, straightaway. Leave for the summer. Get their heads straight. Come back with goals and answers for their parents' niggling questions. But they had to do it on the cheap, being several thousand pounds in debt to their beloved government. And so they had packed Shit-Tip to the brim with the 'essentials' - light packers they were not- and set off to tour the castles, abbeys and monuments of England. That was two weeks ago and Ari was still loving every minute of it. Hanging out with her best friend and having no commitments, no deadlines or parents looming over their shoulders, was apparently just what the doctor ordered. They had stopped in at cheap B&Bs when baby wipes and dry shampoo weren't quite cutting it on the shower front, but all in all, they both loved camping in the shadow's of monoliths of British civilisation. The history nerds in both of them delighted over the old stories, the noticeable changes in architecture and defences, and the people they had met had been wonderful, and so interested to hear about their travels. It was an amazing experience and the best thing was that they had five or six weeks left until they were expected home. "Ari, are you going to get that gorgeous arse of yours over here? I need help with the tent. And make sure you remember the food!" came a distant shout. This was it. The best summer of her life. Grinning, she cupped her hands round her mouth and shouted back; "Hang about, you mardy cow!" Distant laughter echoed back to her. She scooped up her backpack, sleeping bag, and a shopping bag of food, locked up the car, and made her way over to the ruins. ... "Good Lord, what took you so long? I'm starving. Look, you took so long that I'm withering away!" Again she was lead back on the grass and sucked in her cheeks and pushed out her ribs, attempting to make her slender frame look skeletal. Ari looked at her, head tilted to the side. "You look like a warning against plastic surgery." "Douche-cake." "Inventive. Here you go, heathen!" She threw a plastic covered sandwich at Zoe's head, missing due to her terrible aim, but Zoe caught it regardless. "Ewww, egg. I think that one is yours, smelly oik. Did we nick these from the B&B this morning?" " We, my dear friend, did not do anything. I was telling the owner about our travelling plans and he insisted on making us sandwiches and what have you. We shall have a veritable feast I say, a feast!" "Excellent news. Got anything that doesn't smell like your brother after a particularly spicy curry?" "You're such a lady. Have the bag, there'll probably be something in there that strikes your fancy." "Cheers." Zoe rifled through the plastic bag and, after a short while, crowed with laughter, holding aloft from the bag a suspicious looking box. "Jackpot! The guy gave us free condoms! Was he hitting on you or something? He was at least forty five! For shame, Miss Ariadne! What would your delightfully smelling brother have to say about this kind of business?" "Sweet Jesus, that's grim. Wait, that's a Boots' bag, do you think he left them in there by accident?" They both looked at each other and burst out laughing. Incoherent with amusement, anyone passing would have been quite alarmed by the sight: two twenty one year olds sitting on the ground surrounded by random bits of canvas, poles sticking out of the ground at odd angles and barely nibbled sandwiches, positively bawling their eyes out with laughter. "Bet his wife was super disappointed when they realised, eh? Look there's even lube in here. Oooh, it's vanilla flavoured. Shotgun!" "You're so depraved that you're stealing some poor man's lube? That's a new low, even for you." "Pfft, he practically gave it to us." "Us? What exactly are we doing tonight…?" "Hah, you wish!" "Bitch, please, I would be the best you ever had." Ari smirked at Zoe, who was looking almost impressed. "You know, when I met you all those many, many years ago…" "It was, like, six years ago Z, we're not a hundred yet!" Ari interrupted looking exasperated. But Zoe would not be deterred from this particular trip down memory lane. "… You were so virginal and pleasant, not a single bad word came from those angelic lips of yours. And now look at you. I'm so proud!" She pounced on Ari and hugged her, squishing Ari's egg sandwich into her chest. "You are a satanic monkey, sent from hell to terrorise me. Get off me, lesbo, you're crushing my precious food." She pushed Zoe away, her green eyes shining with suppressed mirth and fussily dusted at herself for imaginary crumbs. "Eurgh, can you get egg mayonnaise out of lace?" "Tch, there's nothing there. And also, that top is from Primark or something, I doubt it'll last that long anyway. Alrighty," she clapped her hands in what she imagined to be an efficient manner. "Let's finish up the food and get this show on the road. Teamwork this tent like we mean it, yeah?" Ari grinned, nodding her head but unable to speak due to the large amount of food she had just stuffed in her mouth. "Always got your mouth full of something…" ... The next morning saw a change in the weather. Though still warm, rain clouds threatened on the horizon, and Zoe groaned when she poked her