"I've suffered through hell-fire, the damned, the living, and those who would see me dead…and for what "I've sufferedthrough hell-fire, the damned, the living, and those who would see me dead…and for what? So that you may take your time in deciding what it is that we will be dressed in? Beloved, I care naught for what this world has to offer me – I care for what I cannot obtain by gold or wealth or power alone." A quiet sigh escaped the King as he looked down, before returning his intense gaze to the woman standing in front of him. "I am simply not in a place, at this moment, to think over such trivial things. Please, carry on…I'll return later this evening." He couldn't quite make out what she said as he turned, heading out of the main meeting hall, heading down the stone steps quickly. It was such an odd feeling – discourse in such a beautiful place as the land where he'd spent the better part of his youth. Still, as Aragorn moved down the stairs, out into the cool night beyond, he couldn't help finding it fitting. Displeasure, it would seem, was determined to follow him wherever he decided to roam. Wander as he may, seeking out a simple peace, he could never seem to be in the right place at the right time. Becoming the King that he was born to be wasn't the easy thing that most thought it had been – it was a burden more than a comfort. Who was he, after all, to lead all of the free peoples of Middle Earth? He was just a Ranger, no matter how many times he tried to deny it, to himself and everyone else. It was that Ranger who slipped into the darkness beyond the long pavilion, headed towards the cover of the bigger trees further out in the forest of the Elves. Soon enough, the only sounds to be had were the soft crunch of leaves under his feet and the gentle lulling of the waterfalls in the distance. He knew where we were headed; there was a small pond not too far away just calling his name. He would sit, skip stones, and attempt to sort out his jumbled feelings. Search for a bit of truth in all of the normality that had quickly overtaken him once he'd left Gondor, heading towards the lands where his love was waiting. The pale light of the crescent moon gave a nice, clear path through the trees that hung overhead, heavy with the night's slumber. The trail that he followed wasn't very well used – in fact; no one knew that it existed, save for a select few who actually know that there was a pond deep within the woods, collecting the cool waters from the waterfall. It was, then, surprising what found his eyes in the next moment. He'd know that Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood, was not far from these lands. He'd had no idea, however, that the Prince would be this close. Just ahead, standing at the base of a tall willow tree, which hung over the pond, was the most breath-taking sight that the King had seen to this date. Aragorn had, at one point in time, seen the other man without clothing. However, that had been in a time of war, when they'd all be tired, distracted, and dirty. In this moment, however, the Elf looked like something sent straight from the beaming moon to the plain below to linger, like a spirit, on his view. The King watched transfixed, as long, supple limbs moved to remove the last bit of clothing that hung to on his body. As tight breeches slipped away, tossed into the tree where the rest of his garments were sure to be waiting, Aragorn found himself struggling to draw breath. But…why was this man bringing such a reaction out of him? All of that seemed to melt away as the quiet sound of a splash reached the other end of the clearing. Ripples moved out, stroking gently along the body that came to the surface a few moments later. White, pure, beautiful, and oh-so wet. Aragorn found his body reacting in ways that it hadn't attempted in months. Thankfully hidden behind a large tree, quiet as the night, Aragorn watched on, comfortable in his position behind a branch that was low enough to hide the rest of his body, and to give him a perfect view of the scene. And, what a scene it was. Blonde hair, glittering white as the moon danced across its sleek surface, clung to every inch of sinfully exposed skin within its long reach. Eyes, so blue that they mirrored the sky on a cloudless day, were now darkened to a velveteen blue, and much like the heavens, sparkled with specks of light from the distant expanses. So darkened were they that Aragorn was sure that there was something lurking behind them – something in the way of sorrow, or anger, or love. Something powerful enough to cause him such discomfort within his own solitude. He watched in a breathless moment as the other began to run his fingers over the vast expanses of bare skin. Aragorn was enthralled as those fingers worked from top to bottom – combing out hair with long strokes, before moving lower in order to ease a knot out of the right shoulder. Fingering even lower, until they reached a dark nub, resting in the middle of a defined chest. With a wanton secrecy, Aragorn had to bite his lip as he watched the other man gently squeeze the small pebble of flesh between thumb and forefinger, rolling it until a quiet groan escaped the elf's lips. That sound sent a jolt straight from his ear to the apex of his crotch, traveling down his spine like a lightening bolt. The left hand took up what the right had started, pressing the other side's nipple between two fingers and working it slowly. The other hand ever so slowly moved lower, skimming over a muscled torso before dipping lower, beneath the water's surface. Aragorn was hard-pressed to keep himself from imagining what that hand was doing as he watched wrist and elbow move above water in a pulsing, swinging gently. The elf's cheeks flushed as his head dropped back, lips falling open in a not-so-silent whimper as those actions continued. Suddenly, Aragorn had a problem that was bigger than being awkward in the sight of his friend's private actions. All the same, the King devised a plan…and slowly let his hands work over his own body as he watched the other man move. Fingers moved under his tunic, tweaking muscle and sinew as he went, before his own right hand found it's way into his tight breeches. The relief that he felt as his fingers wrapped around the painfully hard evidence of his arousal was paramount. Meanwhile, the elf had taken to being less discreet with his pleasure. A regular, guttural pant began to move faster and faster as his fingers worked beneath the water, gently rolling over his cock. Aragorn had to wonder how the other man was still standing, as deeply in bliss as he looked. Those groans began to take shape, growing louder and louder as the elf got closer and closer to the edge of reason. Slowly, the word became clearer and clearer until Legolas was almost screaming at the top of his lungs – though there was no one around to hear it. "Ara….Ara…go…Aragorn!" His name. The elf was falling over the edge to his name. It was a dream that was too good to be true. Quietly groaning himself, Aragorn could hardly stand it. A few strokes, and he was already close to release. He closed his eyes for an all-too-brief moment, tilting his head back towards the wide sky beyond, and let go. In that moment, his mouth fell open in a quiet shout as he reached the peak of paradise. Unable to help it, his legs gave out, sending the King to his knees on the forest floor, reaching the end of his climax. The sound of quickly moving water brought Aragorn back to his senses within seconds. Tensing, Aragorn quickly righted his own clothing, realizing that he must have alerted the other man to his presence. Cursing under his breath, Aragorn glanced up, seeing the elf darting for his belongings – towards his weapons. As he predicted, Legolas was soon leveling an arrow at his face, a dangerous glare in his eyes. "…What are you doing here?" He demanded, voice deep and still full from his recent activities. "Do you enjoy spying on visitors, or is it some sort of ill pastime that you take up on a whim?" Lifting his hands, Aragorn decided it best to play it safe. "I…heard someone here in the forest. I came for a look…forgive me, if I've intruded on something…personal." He offered, nodding his head. The elf's eyes gave a quiet, dangerous gleam. "Think not that I am quite so dumb as you imagine me." He hissed, eyes narrowing. "King or not, I could have this arrow notched in your chest if I so chose, for your trespasses against me." "Legolas…what, I wonder, has got you so flustered?" Aragorn shot out. Not quite a question – more of a statement. He knew quite well what had Legolas in a bind, and was glad to know that he was part of this particular problem. "Leave, and we will forget this ever happened. Either that, or you will feel the end of this arrow in your chest. Those are your choices." Deadly serious. So protective. "And what if I were to forge my own path. 'Tis something that I've become quite good at, would you not agree?" He allowed a small smile to play over his features. "I do believe that I'd like to talk this over a bit more with you – what friend are you if you do not allow me to speak my peace?" Legolas' expression darkened before he lowered his bow, easing the tension on the arrow. It was amazing, even now, to realize that this man was so completely threatening, strong, and commanding…in the nude. Being without clothing somehow only accentuated the fact that he was every bit as manly out of clothing as he was within it. And, every bit as good looking. "Speak, then, or leave." Legolas muttered, moving to pack his things. Standing once more on solid ground, Aragorn was gifted with a full look at the elven Prince. Lean, tall, strong, and yet delicate. Almost like an animal, ready to spring away at a moment's notice. "I cannot…quite explain what has just happened, or why it is that it has happened. However, what I know is this – I have never wanted, with every fiber of my mortal being, as I want for you right now." And there it was. The simple, factual truth. "And, if I can testify to what I've seen this eve, you're not without a certain kind of wanting yourself." Cheeks flushed again, a pale rose to match the lightness of everything else about him. "And why is that? What am I to you, Ranger? No more than a set of ears, I'm sure. You have a lady to return to, who would gladly deal with your wanting." He muttered, shaking his head. "Besides which – what makes you so sure that I desire the same?" "Your face, passionate and open to every emotion that flows beneath that beautifully placid surface, falling open to release my name. That is what makes me so sure." Aragorn said, a quiet fire leaking into his tone. More red. "And if I were to admit to such things? Friends do not feel thus about friends, Aragorn. Better to deny it and act as if it never happened." Sighing, the elf stood and