A/N: I love Finnick Odair and I needed to write something as a tribute to him. So here it is. It's got some things from the books, some things from the movies, and then some things just from my imagination. I hope you guys enjoy it, please let me know what you think. The Boy With The Trident The day that he was reaped for the 65th Hunger Games had come as a shock, not because his name was called, but because no one older had volunteered for the glory. But as he remembered it, Finnick Odair had not let his uncertainty show for a second. He was young, but he was strong and he could do this. Maybe. Or he just might die a tragic death. He just hoped that if that was the case, it was noble and not something stupid like falling out of a tree that he'd been foolish enough to climb. Nobody saw through his façade, his family included. No one ever stopped to think that maybe he was afraid, that maybe he wished that he had trained more, that he wished he had given the extra time to improve his swimming speed or the extra time to be more equipped with weapons because who knew what he would be up against? No one saw any of these things. No one but one person. No one but her. He was sitting at the dining room table as the train rattled along, staring at the way the water moved in his glass, choppy and fast but always smooth at the same time, always graceful. He loved the water. He always loved it. Even sitting here, as he went to what could be his death, waiting for his mentor and other tribute that might either kill him or be killed by his hand, the water managed to take the edge off. And then the door opened and a small woman came in. She was older and she was a legend. Mags. She was an absolutely remarkable woman who had dominated her games. Her eyes fell on Finnick and immediately they softened with a warmth that had never in his life been shown to him. "It's okay," she said simply, as if he was supposed to know what exactly was okay. Last he had checked, none of it was okay. But maybe he should have been excited. "What is?" he finally asked, forcing his voice to be steady. "I'm not afraid of the games." Her lips quirked in a small smile as she positioned herself across from him. "Don't you see, young boy," she said gently. "That's what's okay. Your fear. In fact…" She hesitated briefly, considering for a moment before adding, "that fear will keep you alive." Finnick stared at her for a moment, and it was a moment that he later wished he could take back because then the other tribute, an older girl named Dalia, came in the room then. He bit his tongue, not wanting to admit any form of weakness (or maybe strength?) in front of her. Mags shot him a secret smile before turning her attention to the girl. Where had this woman been his whole life? That night, Finnick couldn't sleep a wink. He wanted to, of course, but that only made it worse. He kept thinking if I fall asleep now… and that seemed to keep him awake. He had started to drift off once but immediately had visions in his mind of being slaughtered and that woke him up quickly. Finally, he got to his feet shuffled into the main room again. There was a pitcher of water there so he sat in front of it and stared into it. It was lapping against the glass, in a constant state of movement with the jerkiness of the train. "Can't sleep?" Finnick jerked his head to look around the room and managed to make out the form of Mags in the shadows. He stared at her before slowly shaking his head. "Did you think about what I said?" She moved forward until she was able to sit beside him. "About fear?" "Yes." Finnick swallowed hard before continuing, "Fear makes me more cautious than some of the others." Like Dalia. His fellow tribute would likely rush into fights, thinking that she had enough training to last. That she could do it. It was evident that she was very confident, but then again Finnick had attempted to show that too and he was not at all sure of his chances. "Precisely, my boy." There was something about her calling him her boy that made his insides warm with pride. He gave a small smile, a real smile. "And if I play my cards right," he said slowly, an idea dawning on him, "they'll never expect fear and caution to come from me. They'll expect me to die first." He hesitated. "But you knew I was scared." Mags gave a small laugh. "My boy, don't worry. I'm willing to bet that I'm the only one that saw through it. You can intimidate them, I'm sure." "You think I can do this?" He was frustrated with how small he sounded, how very much like a child. How scared. But he couldn't lie to this woman. Mags smiled at him and rested her hand on his. "My boy," she said gently. "I've never been more confident in anyone. I am looking at the victor of the 65th Hunger Games." Finnick hadn't felt this safe in a long time, long before his name was called. His eyes skirted to the pitcher of water again, his thoughts returning to earlier, when he had wondered what it was about the water that calmed him so and suddenly it came to him. Nothing fazed water. It could be completely knocked around, totally torn apart, and still pull itself back together. He decided then and there that he was going to strive to be like the water, to be able to always pull himself back together. Finnick wandered through the training room, unsure of where to begin. His eyes went to the bow and arrow area but he turned away. He would love to learn that particular skill but there was no way he had enough time. He needed to perfect what he knew. So he went to the knots and ran his fingers over one particularly tight and complex knot. Before he could even stop to comprehend what he was doing, he began to undoe them, his fingers moving quickly and skillfully. It was almost second nature. The second knot he tried was harder and it took him several minutes but when he got it he felt a surge of excitement, a surge of competitiveness almost. He wanted to do it again, only better. He wanted to beat himself. And so he did, again and again until he was a master with every knot that he had ever known of. But nothing could have prepared him for the arena. He set up his net and it was just like fishing in a sick way. They got caught, he finished it. And every time that he killed, he saw their eyes. They were terrified, every one of them when they realized that he had them and there was nothing they could do. The first time, it had taken everything he had not to break down. By the last time, he felt numb as he made the final kill. He had never had that feeling before, never felt so empty, so cold, so desolate. The only spark of hope, if you could call it that, that he could feel was knowing that soon it would be over and he would never be a slave to Snow again. Never. That spark of hope, though, was trapped somewhere inside of him. It was like he knew it was there, he could see it even, but it was too far away to touch and every time he moved to it, it moved farther away. Even when he was headed home, he could only lay on his bed as the train rocked back and forth, jerking his body ever so slightly from side to side. He could feel tears somewhere behind his eyes but he was too numb to actually let them out. So he lay there and mentally went through every single kill that he made, every single face that appeared in the sky where he thought I did that . The only thing that had jolted him out of his trance was a knock and then his door sliding open. He slowly pushed himself into a sitting position as Mags came in, her eyes looking sadder than they ever had, even when she had said goodbye to him before the games. She sat on the edge of his bed and looked at him, the two of them sitting in a silence. It was like a game of chicken, and Finnick broke. He pulled the old woman into his arms, holding her to him as tightly as he could as he buried his face in her shoulder. Tears still refused to come but he wanted them to, needed them to. Maybe then he could feel something other than this sinking pit, this horrible sensation that just might eat him alive. Mag's thin fingers gently combed his hair, rocking him ever so gently against her. "My boy," she whispered. "My dear boy." "I'm no boy," he whispered back. "Not anymore." His voice sounded hollow, even to his ears. "Not after killing so many." Mags only pulled him closer. "You are a boy," she whispered. "Finnick, that's what the people love about you. Even as you became a man, you were still a boy. You will always be a boy, in some form. That's just who you are. You're charismatic, you're fun, you're kind-" "Kind?" The word ripped from his throat as he pulled himself from her arms. "Kind? Mags, I speared Dalia. Dalia ." "Because they made you. The Capitol… They play us, Finnick." "Played," he said softly, hardy even aware. "What?" "It's over." Desperation. He could hear it. He could feel it. "Oh, Finnick…" Mags ran her hand over his hair again. As soothing as it was, he wasn't stupid. He knew that she was about to drop a bomb on him. "They will never be done with you. They'll never be done with any of the victors." "There's a but there." "Yes." She was quiet for a long moment. Finnick turned his eyes to her, wishing she would just hurry and tell him but knowing that it was harder than that. "The Capitol… they fell for you, my boy. They call you the Capitol's Darling." His breath caught in his throat. Were they not going to let him leave? But then why was the train moving? "They're going to want you to sell yourself, my boy." "Sell myself?" He blinked. It wasn't registering. Sell himself? What did that even mean? Like be a slave? Kill people for them? His stomach turned over at the thought. He never wanted to kill. It wasn't in him and yet… He was a killer now. Mags had tears in her eyes as she looked at him and he could tell that she was having difficulty fighting them back. She closed her eyes and exhaled slowly before turning her gaze back to him. "Sex, Finnick. They will want you for your body." And then Finnick had to fix his eyes on the wall, unable to look at a woman so pure and good when he was not only a killer, but now a prostitute. He had never thought that his first time would be with someone paying him. He couldn't do it when the time came. The idea was too unsettling, too horrid. He'd lost too much to the Capitol already. He was not going to lose this too, not his virginity, not this way. He said no