A little Dramione treat for you guys! Happy reading! Another beautiful day had graced itself upon Hogwarts. As dawn slowly traversed into a clear cloudless morning, the sun decided to let its rays stream their way inside the Hogwarts window panes, with absolute no regard for the sleeping young witches and wizards. Teachers too. When the sunlight mercilessly made it's grand way inside the Gryffindor dorms, courtesy of the long glass panes, the first groan to be heard was from the Brightest Witch of her Age, Hermione Granger. Her groans were rightly justified. It was a Saturday. No big deal about that since she had no plans of sleeping in anyway like the rest of her snoring mates. Her plans were more along the lines of spending some quality time in the library. Scratch that, she had hoped to spend her entire day confined within the soltitude of her haven. Nothing to groan about then right? Wrong. As much as she prided herself over her brains, she still couldn't believe how she had let herself be talked into attending the oh-so high profile Quidditch match of the day: Gryffindor vs Slytherin. Her brains must have dozed off during that time. Oh no, speaking of brains dozing off... Memories of last night suddenly hit her hard on her face and she let out a groan again. This time it was louder. Next, she made sure to smother herself with her pillow so that she never had to wake up again and face the consequences of her impulsive acceptance to a little dare. "Here's to a bright Voldemort-less future as we graduate in 2 weeks!", erupted Dean, throwing his hand that held an overfilled glass of Firewhiskey in the air and the Gryffindor crowd surrounding him from every nook and corner of their dorm loudly cheered in response. Surprisingly, Hermione found herself joining in their rash partying too. It was very unlike Gryffindor to hold these sort of unbridled little parties in their common room. Even Slytherin never resorted to this level, holding a more dignified air of grace in their festivities. These festivities often culminated into a wild drinking game which eventually led to a series of one night stands between different pairings that were served as vital gossip among the witches. But the whirlwind ride of emotions they had all been made to endure in the past several years of fighting evil which was surely going to increase in its intensity after their graduation from Hogwarts had finally taken its toll and the Gryffindors had unanimously agreed to let go of all inhibitions, just this one night. They would never have this opportunity again, what with Newts beginning on Monday and graduation being just 2 weeks away. They resolved to leave their Wizarding School, with lesser regrets. Her brown eyes swirled around the room, and for the first time in her life, Hermione noticed the stress lines adorning her mates' faces were nowhere to be found. Be it the glamour charms or just their natural looks, she realized she had never seen them so happy before. Except well during the victory parties they had after winning a Quidditch match but that didn't count. It was more of a mandatory thing. Besides, it wasn't like all Gryffindors were invited to those celebrations. Lost in her thoughts, she didn't realize Ron coming up to her, pulling her by the arm towards a rugged circle formed by some of the Gryffindors on the floor with a bottle centered in the middle until she was made to sit down and join them. She should never have drunk two glasses of Firewhiskey or else she would never have relented to playing "Truth or Dare" without putting up a fight. She absolutely despised that damn game .From her deep haze of foggy memories that included Harry snogging Ginny for his dare, Seamus admitting to having a crush on Dean, Katie Bell singing in a man's voice and Lavendar proposing to Ron (which she could only erase from her mind after casting an Obliviate over herself), Hermione remembered hers and clamped a sweaty hand over her forehead and mentally stupefied herself for her obvious stupidity in being manipulated into the worst kind of dare one could ever be cursed upon with. "Brightest Witch of her age doesn't deserve these petty little dares right George?" "Absolutely not. We need to put all that Gryffindor bravery to test" "That will serve well for her brains" "And that smart aleck mouth of hers". The Weasley twins smirked at her then. Hermione could only narrow her eyes at them as a feeling of forebode began to tingle her spine. Fred piped up again. "Oh bloody hell I think I've got it". His mind reader of a twin seemed to catch up with his brother's train of thought and his eyes widened in pure amusement. "Oh no mate, this is Hermione Granger we're talking about" "Which is exactly why she's most suited for it" "You reckon Harry will kill us if she doesn't come back in one piece?" "On the contrary he would be jolly pleased with the idea" "Saint Potter would never agree" "He will, mate" Finally, Hermione couldn't take it anymore. "What exactly do you intend to set me up with?", she asked, albeit nervously. The circle of Gryffindors, that surrounded the forgotten empty bottle lying between them had their eyes fixed on the ginger-haired twins as their smirks only grew wider and Hermione grew slightly wary, even with Ron's strong arm wrapped around her shoulders. George turned around just then and spoke in his loudest voice. "Harry, if you're done snogging our baby sister, mind gracing us with your presence for a moment?" The raven-haired bespectacled boy in question who had had his tongue down Ginny's throat immediately pulled away as if the paparazzi had flashed him in such a compromising position and Hermione had to smirk at the faint tint of red blossoming on his cheeks. Ginny only looked like she had just been dropped from heaven, such was the dreamy Luna-like expression across her face. Harry shot an apologetic look towards Ginny before quickly coming over. "What's the matter?" Hermione noted how he coolly masked his irritation at being interrupted from his lovely snog session in his tone. "We plan on sending your best friend here to the Slytherin Locker room before the big game and spike Draco Malfoy's drink with the Confusing Concoction that we were so fortunate enough to come across while snipping around Snape's private room." "Sharing is caring Harry so we need you to loan your Invisibility cloak to Hermione for a day" "What do you say Hermione? Are you the brave lioness we can take pride in?" The twins chuckled again, and those chuckles were the only thing to break the rather stunned silence that had befallen upon the common room when Fred had opened his mouth. Needless to say, Hermione was most stunned of them all. Worse was that her so-called best friend whom she had counted upon to save her from this utter disgrace was of zero help tonight. Saint Potter had no objections to it at all, despite his long streak of sticking to what's right and forbidding any form of evil. The noble flag bearer of justice had no problem cheating the Slimy Slytherin Seeker (better known as Triple S) at all. This was entering new territory for the Gryffindors who were well known to discourage malpractices of any sort during Quidditch. It usually worked the other way around but even Slytherin had never stooped to this kind of level, sending one of their snakes over to the lion's den was quite a risk. According to Harry, there was a first for everything and besides, they had all agreed on leaving school with less regrets right? And to be quite honest, Slytherin had had this sort of thing coming for 6 years now. Luckily for her, Ron was totally against it. "That isn't fair and you know it" he sharply spoke from beside her, startling Hermione a bit. "Hermione's the one who needs to speak, unless we've asked of your opinion little brother", Fred grinned wickedly at Ron's rapidly reddening face. "Come on Hermione, you don't need to prove anything to anyone", he began to plead earnestly. She glanced at him briefly before Harry's voice made her look back at him. "As long as you use the cloak, it should be no problem. The Slytherin team won't get down to their locker room until a half an hour so after breakfast so that should give you enough time to slip in to the room, do the deed and leave." He made it sound like it was no big deal at all. "Mr Pureblood extraordinaire usually has this bottle kept with him at all times whilst in the locker room. It apparently contains some weird potion that helps boost his adrenaline for the game. Rather phony if you ask me but adding a tinge of Confusing concoction will do wonders to him" "Absolutely George. He might believe himself to be sprouting wings from his back" "Or better yet, he would ponder over his obvious attraction to Potter here right in the middle of the field" The common room snickered simultaneously as Potter smacked Fred's red head and Hermione rolled her eyes. She was barely convinced. "Please 'Mione, it won't be safe. You could be caught red-handed", Ron was losing the battle quickly as he caught disapporving looks from his house mates. A spoilsport really this Ronald Weasley, they thought. Before she could respond, Dean broke in. "We won't hesitate to make sure they reach the locker room late, if that suits your comfort Hermione." Angelina Johnson joined in then. "We'll make sure this works flawlessly as long as you accept the challenge" Suddenly everyone began to try to talk her in to accepting the Weasley twins' dare from all four sides. There was no point in arguing, the odds were not in her favour. Later in bed, Hermione would blame it all on the Firewhiskey for lowering her guard and voluntarily digging her own grave with a simple "Get me your cloak Harry". Time sure flies by when you least want it to , Hermione thought to herself bitterly as she slid into her seat at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall between her two best friends. The Great hall was abuzz with excited chatter, no doubt regarding the upcoming match. She threw a furtive glance across the Slytherin table. Their table left no spare seats for anyone so she guessed all the slytherins were safely accumulated in one place. For the time being at least. She felt her nerves dance when she caught sight of the platinum blond hair of the boy, really a man at 17, who she was to victimize in a mere few hours. He seemed rather quiet, sitting a little distance away from his rumored girlfriend Pansy Parkinson as she happily chattered to him, never noticing how she was barely acknowledged. His mercury orbs focused only on his food, hair no longer gelled back but left to fall over his eyes and he seemed to be brooding over his thoughts Hermione flushed a little. If her friends ever found out that a moody Draco Malfoy, that could be pretty much personified as the calm found before the storm, was one of her greatest weaknesses, they'd admit her to the mental ward at '. No questions asked. She couldn't help it. It wasn't much of a crush really, it just served as a mild turn-on whenever she saw that expression of moodiness gracing his handsome features. It somehow reminded her of those muggle model magazines she had secretly stashed under her bed back home which had pictures of men, Greek gods really, staring moodily ahead as a picture was clicked. Her mind had been in a gutter regarding Malfoy ever since she had noted