Part 1-Ghosts Across My Heart It starts when she's born to a mother with a broken heart and a father too weary to carry them both. She comes into the world in a house shadowed in painful memories and haunted by the ghost that shares her mother's face. Heartbreak is coded into her DNA and she learns early that hearts are fragile, breakable things. Madge's heart breaks before she even knows such a thing is possible. Heartbreak follows her into childhood, falls in step with her at school. Children from the Seam watch her, watch her with accusation and hostility and resentment. They avoid her, keep their distance, but always their gaze sticks to her, like needles in her skin. They hate her but she is young and doesn't understand. She doesn't understand why, just that it hurts. She tries to make friends, to endear them to her. She buys them cookies and hands them out after class, but the older kids glare with such force it almost sends her to her knees. We don't want your charity they spit and she shakes her head , because it isn't charity , she swears it isn't. They kick dirt at her, laugh at her dress, accuse her of thinking she's better than them, of lording her money over them. It isn't true, none of its true, but they don't listen, too busy hating her for things she can't control. They throw her cookies on the ground, crush them with their feet and she can feel the tears prickle at her eyes. Madge doesn't bother trying to make friends after that. The town kids aren't much better. They aren't as bad as the Seam, but her clothes always outshine theirs and her food always outclasses whatever they have. They watch with narrowed eyes as she eats pretty meals and they crunch on stale bread and spotted fruit. They're polite but distant and Madge sits alone, a class unto herself. She'll never be reaped is whispered through the halls, never go hungry . She doesn't understand, she'll never understand Buddy-buddy with the Capitol thinks she's so much better we're starving and she wastes money on pretty little hair ribbons fuck her Madge builds armour around her heart but it isn't to keep her safe, it's to hide her broken heart from the rest of the world. She goes home in tears and falls into her father's arms, her words a blubbery mess. He strokes her hair, whispers soothing words and finally she calms enough to tell him about school. Tells him about how they hate her, how alone she is, how much it hurts. His face is sad, so terribly, horribly sad and she realizes it's her fault. She keeps her mouth shut from then on, smiles and says school is fine, everything's okay. Seeing her father that sad breaks her heart in ways nothing else could. She resolves to be strong because her father's already carrying too much. She won't let her heartbreak be a burden for him to bear. Instead she carries it herself, the weight growing familiar on her shoulders. And then comes Katniss. She's resigned herself to a life on her own, quiet and kept apart from the other students. But then comes lonely, closed off Katniss Everdeen and Madge's heart starts to feel almost mended. They sit together at lunch and even though they don't talk much, she feels warm just having someone there. They pair up in class and make a good team, falling into rhythm with ease. They walk together sometimes and companionship feels like a balm to her fraying edges. They're quiet and alone and they fit together better than most. Madge has her very first friend and it feels nice, incredibly so and she feels smiles come naturally to her lips. School becomes okay, becomes bearable because she isn't doing it alone anymore, Katniss is facing it with her. And Madge begins to think, begins to believe, that broken hearts are a thing of the past. But Katniss brings heartbreak with her, drags it behind her until Madge is floundering in it. Katniss is Madge's best friend, her only friend, but Madge isn't hers. Katniss' best friend is Gale Hawthorne and Madge knows it, knows she'll never be as important to Katniss as Katniss is to her. She meets Gale for the first time one day when Katniss brings her fresh strawberries from the woods. Katniss stands by the back door, the basket in hand and Gale stands beside her, eyes darting each and every way, posture ready to flee as if expecting a Peacekeeper ambush at any moment. He meets her eyes for barely a second, but she can see in his gaze that he doesn't trust her, that he expects an ambush because he expects her to sell them out. Madge feels the sting straight through her bones but doesn't react because if there's one thing Madge is used to, it's being hated. And hate her he does. His body stiffens any time they're in the same general space, his lips curl, eyes narrow. His words are biting, cold and full of venom. She knows he hates her with every breath, hates her for what she has, for what he doesn't have. She understands and doesn't blame him, knows he's simply drowning in a life that refuses to give him a break. But still, it hurts to see his looks, hear his words and know she'll always be second best to him so she bites back, never as harshly but still with enough edge to give him pause. He hates her and she's jealous of him and she knows he'd hate her worse if she ever said the words aloud. Gale Hawthorne is hurt and angry and poised like an arrow ready to shoot straight through Madge's heart. And shoot he does. Sometimes she thinks she has nothing left to break, but she is always, always wrong. Reaping day dawns bright and hazy and Madge readies herself for one of the worst days of the year. She hates it, hates it so much she feels like she's burning alive. She is forced to stand and watch two children from her district be reaped, be dragged away to be slaughtered and she can do nothing. Her chances of being reaped are incredibly slim, which everyone loves to remind her of, as if she could ever forget. No, she does not fear being reaped, she fears the helplessness she feels when she sees others reaped. She wants it to stop, wants the Capitol to burn, wants death to stop haunting their every step. She wants to save them all but even though she's the mayor's daughter, even though they all think she has the privilege to do whatever she wants, she can't, can't help them, can't save them. She can't do anything at all. The day begins with strawberries and Gale's cruel taunts. She retreats inside after they've left, puts the basket on the counter and prays for them both. Katniss is her dearest friend and Madge prays she'll be spared from the reaping, prays she'll be safe for another year. And even with his harsh edges, Madge knows Gale is a good man, knows he is loyal and brave and caring. Knows he takes care of his family, knows he helps whoever he can, knows that beneath his anger is a loving heart. She prays he'll survive his final reaping, prays his family will never lose him. Hopes and prayers cannot save everyone, but she hopes she can at least save them. Please, please, please s he whispers and then it's time to go and she presses her fingers to Aunt Maysilee's pin on her dress and promises she'll be brave. But then Primrose Everdeen is reaped and there isn't enough bravery in the world for this. She has a moment of horror, of sick terror creeping through her veins before the cracks in her heart burst apart. Katniss Everdeen has volunteered. Tears burn her eyes as she watches Katniss on stage, watches her best friend try and hide her quaking fear. Prim's screams echo in her ears and Madge clenches her hands so tight she draws blood. It isn't fair! Not Katniss, not Katniss, not Katniss! Why? It isn't fair! Her mind wails but then, it's never fair. Madge fidgets in the Justice Building waiting for her chance to say goodbye and she thinks she may vomit. She can see the Mellarks nearby and her heart aches for Peeta. He is so sweet, so kind and he doesn't deserve this. Nobody deserves this. She knots her hands in her dress and Gale looks everywhere but at her and she thinks that it should hurt that even now, now when they are both preparing to say goodbye to Katniss, he cannot stand her but her heart's too broken to care. Her body shakes when it's her turn, but she cannot fall apart. Katniss needs her to be strong and she presses her fingers to the Mockingjay, swearing to keep it together. Katniss can win this. And Madge will lend her strength, will give her all the courage she can. Her fingers tighten on the pin. There is a recap of all the reapings that day but Madge doesn't think she can bear to watch it alone. Her mother's too ill to leave bed and her father's in the town square with the other officials and Madge's house feels much too empty. She gets up and leaves, heads quickly for the Everdeens' house in the Seam. Curious eyes watch her from dirty windows and she can feel their gazes following her, a mix of surprise and accusation and hostility. You don't belong here their faces whisper but Madge ignores them, walks steadily ahead. She knocks on the Everdeens' door, hands shaking and then Prim answers, eyes red. Madge's heart snaps a little at the sight and she wants nothing more than to wrap the poor girl in her arms and hug away the hurt. But she knows no hug can fix this. "Madge?" Prim asks, voice scratchy and Madge feels her insides sag. "Hello Prim, I was just wondering if you and your mother wanted to come over to my place to watch the Games tonight," she whispers it and wonders why she's being so quiet, but something in her balks at being too loud. "Actually, the Hawthornes are coming here," Prim tells her and Madge feels herself deflate. It makes sense, makes perfect sense that they would and she feels stupid for not figuring it out on her own. "But you can stay too if you want," Prim continues and for a moment Madge thinks of saying yes, thinks of staying but she knows she can't. She doesn't belong here and the Hawthornes certainly wouldn't want her intruding on their grief, Gale especially. She won't be a burden, won't force her way into their home. They deserve to mourn together without a girl they barely know hovering in the background. She smiles as best she can at Prim and shakes her head. "Thank you very much but it's alright. If you ever want to come by though, you're always welcome." And then she leaves, dark eyes glaring from every direction. She can't go home, can't sit alone in her living room so she heads for the town square where there's always someone. It might not be real companionship but at least it's something. She settles in at the edge of the crowd when she arrives, takes in the large screen displaying the reaping of District One. Her eyes drift around the square, catching on Gale Hawthorne. His arms are crossed and his face angry and she realizes that of course he'd be here. He wouldn't want to be confined in the Everdeens' tiny sitting room, surrounded by Katniss' family and his. He seems the type to want to deal with his emotions himself,