Hi everyone! So this is the first time I'm delving into THG fandom :) I wrote this story for Prompts in Panem, Peeta's Paint Box, Day 2: Orange. It had originally been planned out as a one shot with small vignettes, but it kind of just expanded to way more than that. So this first chapter was what I submitted for PiP, but the rest of the story will be continued here. I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I've enjoyed writing it. Please read, review, and enjoy! I'd also like to give a special thanks to the moderators over at PiP for all of their hard work and dedication! Disclaimer: I do not own anything regarding The Hunger Games series. Peeta – 5 – Yellow Orange He doesn't want to go. He wants to stay in the bakery, where he can help Daddy while Graham and Rye are at school. That's what he's always done. He's been Daddy's big helper while his older brothers go to school all day. That's always been Peeta's favorite time of the day. Peeta's and Daddy's time in the bakery. And Daddy promised Peeta he would learn how to make cookies this year. The thing is, Daddy also promised Mama that he would sign Peeta up for kindergarten this year. And Mama always gets her way. So, Peeta shuffles his feet, barely picking them up off the ground as he trudges into the bakery's kitchen, hoping that maybe if his daddy sees how badly he doesn't want to go, Peeta can stay home and learn how to make cookies instead. And forget about kindergarten. But as he looks up to see the excitement on Daddy's face when he sees Peeta in his first day of school clothes, something starts to flutter in his stomach. Maybe it's butterflies. He's always hated that feeling. "Look how handsome you look Peet! Aren't you excited?" His daddy asks with more than enough enthusiasm for the both of them. Peeta doesn't want to make him sad to know he doesn't want to go to school, so he gives Daddy a big toothy grin and a thumbs up. If possible, his father's smile widens. "Did you eat breakfast and brush your teeth already?" Peeta nods his head as his daddy walks over to him and gives him a brown paper bag holding his lunch, just like the ones Peeta always used to help Daddy make for Graham and Rye. "Alrighty kiddo, I'm gonna walk you to the school today, but then your brothers will take you the rest of the year, okay?" Again, he nods his head, afraid he might start crying if he tries to speak. And Graham and Rye can't see him cry because he doesn't want to go to school. They would never leave him alone. They'd call him a baby. So as his daddy stretches out his hand, Peeta takes it without hesitation and they head out of the back door of the bakery, grabbing his backpack off the ground on the way. They walk the first five minutes in silence, swinging hands between them, before Peeta notices something strange. "Where's Graham and Rye?" His father only smiles. "Oh, I sent them ahead of us so we can take our time. There'll be more than enough time for rushing. They just want to go see their friends anyways." Peeta thinks this over. Aside from his brothers and his daddy, he doesn't really know any other people, or kids. Sure, there's Delly. But she stays in her parents' shop just as much as Peeta stays in the bakery. That's what Peeta thinks would help. A friend. A best friend that he can play with in kindergarten so it won't be so scary. Just one. He only needs one. That way, they can always play together. The school comes into view as they turn the corner, and to Peeta, it seems kind of like the zoo they visited over the summer. People everywhere. Some kids who look his age are crying by their parents. Older kids, like Graham and Rye, are talking loudly to one another outside the school. Peeta feels his legs turn to stone, stopping him in his place. He doesn't want to be here. He wants to be at the bakery, where it's quiet and not full of crazy kids. His father stops right beside him, still holding onto his hand. "Hey buddy, come on. You're going to have so much fun!" The panic must have shown through in Peeta's eyes, because his daddy's face softens as he kneels down next to him. "Peeta, you're going to be fine." "But- but I want to stay with you," Peeta whispers, staring at the concrete beneath his feet. "I know buddy, but trust me, get through the first day and you'll be upset when you have to come home later." Peeta doesn't think that's even possible, but he gives his father a small smile. It's not very convincing. His father is just about to say something else when something catches his attention. Someone. Peeta turns his head a little to see a girl in a red dress just letting go of her own daddy's hand and walking toward the teacher standing by a group of kids that must have been Peeta's age. Some of the ones he had seen crying are over there now too. But Peeta's attention stays with the girl. Her hair is brown, the same color as her daddy's, and has two braids. Peeta only turns back toward his daddy when he gives his hand a little shake. "Do you see that little girl? The one in the red dress?" "Yeah?" "Her mommy was my best friend," his father reveals like it's a big, big secret. Peeta's eyes widen. "Maybe her daughter can be your best friend too." Peeta can feel the big smile stretch across his face. Yes, he would like that. He wants the girl with the two braids and the red dress to be his friend to play with in kindergarten. The one friend he needs to be happy here. "Her name is Katniss, Peeta," his father adds at seeing his son's reaction. "Have fun, okay?" Peeta nods his head again, but his attention is already focused on the girl again. Katniss. Before Peeta can realize what he's doing, he gives his daddy a big hug and is running over by the teacher and the rest of the kindergartners. And Katniss. He walks right up to her, standing to her right. "Hi!" Peeta says cheerily, excited to talk to her. Katniss whips her head in his direction and gives him a funny look. "Hi." But Peeta keeps on smiling. Because this is going to be his best friend. Why shouldn't he smile? "I'm Peeta." "I'm Katniss," she says with a small smile. Peeta beams at her. "Will you be–" Peeta is cut off by the sound of a whistle. He looks over at the teacher again and sees her heading into the school. He turns back to see Katniss is going into the school ahead of him, not even looking back. Peeta frowns a little, but heads toward the school too. He swears that he'll ask her as soon as he talks to her again. That is, until it's May 7, and he still hasn't asked her. Months go by, but Peeta never gathers that courage that he had on that first day in September. The courage to even talk to her. But Daddy was right. Kindergarten is great. Peeta has lots of friends and he even likes his crazy teacher, Miss Trinket, with her crazy outfits and even crazier hair. But Peeta still doesn't have a best friend. Sure, now he's really friends with Delly, and he met Thresh and Finnick. But he still doesn't have a best friend. He never seems to have a chance, or that courage, to ask Katniss. He hasn't spoken a word to her since the first day of school and he thinks she's ignoring him. And that's not nice. Especially when Miss Trinket has them sit right next to each other in the classroom. Her desk is bumped up to the right side of Peeta's desk. "What are you doing?" Peeta's attention tears away from the drawing he's coloring at his desk and turns toward that voice that hasn't spoken to him since the first day of school. "Hi Katniss," he says, trying to hold in his excitement. She gives him the same small smile. "Hi Peeta." She doesn't say anything else, just stares at him, waiting for an answer to her question. Peeta sits there confused for a second before going into a full enthusiastic explanation about the drawing he's coloring with his new pack of crayons. And it's not just any pack of crayons. It's a forty-eight pack of crayons. With lots and lots and lots of colors. Nobody else in kindergarten has that many different colors. Peeta's just so excited to be talking to her, he doesn't realize when her nose scrunches up. He stops halfway through his explanation of the flower he's coloring with his light orange crayon and dark orange crayon and the orange crayon that kind of looks red. He loves the color orange. "What's wrong?" Her nose just scrunches up more. "Why don't you just color it orange?" Peeta can feel his own nose scrunch up, but not from confusion. "Why would I do that? Not all flowers are that color orange. And it's boring." "It's not boring! It's, it's partical! I mean, practical!" She argues while her chin juts out. "Prac-ti-cal?" Peeta asks while trying out the word. "What does that mean?" Katniss looks him straight in the eyes when she says, "It means it's dumb to have that many crayons. You only need eight." Peeta looks away as he feels his face start to get hot. This girl was going to be his best friend! And she's calling his crayons dumb! He's not going to allow that though. He swept the bakery floors for months. He always made sure the cookie displays were filled in the bakery. Every nickel his daddy gave him Peeta saved. For that forty-eight pack of crayons. "It's not dumb!" Peeta all but squeaks, "There's lots of different types of orange! And it's my favorite color!" Katniss laughs. Peeta feels silly. "Peeta, don't you think it's weird?" She reaches over his drawing for his pack of crayons, and before Peeta can stop her, she's pulled out one of his many pink crayons. "Sal-mon. What's a sal-mon?" Peeta snatches the crayon out of Katniss's hand, carefully placing it back in his box. He always makes sure they go pack in the right spot. "It's a pink! Can't you see that!?" Now Katniss looks at him even more confused than before. So Peeta pulls every crayon out of his very organized box that looks orange and lays it out in front of them. He turns the paper he was coloring on over and takes the crayons, drawing a line across the page with each one of them. He looks up to see Katniss staring at the lines. He smiles at Katniss triumphantly. "What color are these lines?" "Orange." "Wrong!" Peeta shouts, earning a 'quiet please!' from Miss Trinket, who's sitting at her desk in the front of the room. Katniss looks at him, and she looks, really, really mad. "Peeta, those lines are orange!" Peeta's smile only widens. "Yeah, but they're different. You can't name them all orange when they look different!" Katniss's scowl only deepens. "Yeah, but they're just crayon colors. There's nothing else in the world that's the color," she snatches one of the orange crayons and looks at the name, "scar-let! Only the crayon." Peeta takes that crayon from her too and looks at the markings, but they don't make sense to him. "You can read?" He asks with awe in his voice. He realizes now she had