Hey, everyone! Welcome back! I'm super excited that I'm kicking off the sequel. I won't say I'm sorry for the wait, because I REALLY needed a break from writing (it can get crazy) But I hope you all enjoy reading. Be sure to leave a follow and a review! (If you haven't read The 73rd Hunger Games, be sure to read that and come back here :D ) Prologue Darkness surrounds my entire body, causing my eyes to search for a light that may not exist. I reach my hands out into the void knowing that my limbs are moving but not knowing where there are traveling. My fingers brush against smooth glass, traveling around me in a circle as I follow the wall around my body. I'm trapped. My heart races inside my chest as I stare stupidly into the darkness, kicking and punching the glass to free myself. I'm being lifted upward, but I seem to be going nowhere. A blinding, bright ray of sunlight suddenly bursts down into my eyes, forcing me to close them and shield my face with my hands. The air feels less damp, less condensed and I can smell green trees and fresh pine in the brisk air. When my eyes adjust, I allow my arms to fall by my side and my eyes to dance around cautiously. A dreaded feeling enters my chest. Underneath my spotless leather boots is a metal plate. A short spring away from me, a large metal horn bigger than my house sits in the middle of a flat field, sunlight glinting off the sharp corners. Dozens of weapons spill from the large mouth, beckoning for me to grab one of them. I search for a bow and spot one, already strung, leaning against a large black container, it's matching sheath of silver arrows lying in the short grass nearby. "Those are mine," I whisper to myself. Not far from the Cornucopia is the edge of thick woods. They aren't like the woods at home, the leaves and color of the bark are definitely foreign, but at least there's wood, the trees offer food, a place to sleep, and supplies to keep me alive. I know exactly what I must do. I must get my weapons and whatever supplies I can muster, then disappear into the woods without getting a knife in my back, or a sword through my stomach. If I have to, I'll put an arrow in anybody that stands in my way. These are the Hunger Games. After positioning my feet in the direction to spring, I peek over to my left to see what tribute I'll be racing. It's a girl, about a half foot shorter than me peering at the silver Cornucopia. Her eyes are wide with fear and her malnourished body shakes under her black raincoat. She turns and looks at me. Tears run down her from her gray eyes and stain her olive skin, making it glitter in the morning light. Her dark brown hair is braided in a complex manner starting at her left ear and trailing down her right shoulder. "Katniss?" I mutter, narrowing my eyebrows in confusion, watching her bottom lip tremble as she wipes her eyes. "I can't do it, Gale," she cries. And before I can stop her, she jumps off the metallic circle, setting off the landmines that blow her legs off. I scream her name as I wake up, sitting upright in my bed and whipping my head in all directions. Still half asleep, I search along the wooden floor for the body, only finding a ray of moonlight shining near my bed's legs. It takes several minutes for me to realize that it was just a dream, but my heart continues to race as I settle back into my bed, my mind replaying the explosion over and over again. My arms wrap around my pillow and I bury my face in it, pulling the covers up to my neck. Ever since she left for the dreaded Hunger Games, I've had constant nightmares of watching her die in horrible ways. Sometimes I just find her body with a knife in her back, but others I see her die. I've watched helplessly as she's torn apart by rabid dogs, eaten poisonous berries and even watched her get beaten to death by other tributes' powerful fists. She's survived this long in the arena, but I fear that even with the few tributes remaining, she won't be as lucky as I was. The sun hasn't peered over District Twelve's large mountains yet, so I roll out of bed and dress in the dark. I grab simple clothes from my closet. A pair of dark pants, a matching shirt and a pair of strong-soled leather boots that I brought from the Hob. After slipping on my new jacket, I exit my room and silently creep downstairs. I'm surprised that my scream didn't wake anybody. The house is dark and seems empty. My house seems much colder and almost even dead without a hearty fire raging in the hearth, or sunlight creeping through half-drawn white curtains. With some difficulty, I search for the remote to my television and click it on, settling myself onto the newly made leather couch. The first thing I'm greeted with on the screen is a shot of Cato and Clove sleeping, but Cato's eyes are wide open under the shadow of his brow, his eyes staring unblinkingly dangerous near one of the cameras. All around them are green trees and boulders. The next view switches to a darker location, and with the small amount of moonlight creeping through the rocks I can see two bodies clutching at each other against the cold night. Relief flushes over me when I see her safe in the cave once again, but at the same time jealously pounds through my veins when I see the smile across her face as she lays on Peeta Mellark's chest, his toned arms pulling her closer to him. I clench my jaw and stare angrily at the "star-crossed lovers." How could she forget about me so easily? What does Peeta have that I don't? A mix of emotions rushes through me, a hate burns in my chest for the boy nobody knew, sadness churns my stomach and anger makes a vein in my forehead almost burst. It's a good thing that Haymitch Abernathy, my always-drunk mentor, got me out of mentoring for another year because Peeta and I would have clashed the moment he revealed his crush on Katniss. Not only that, I'm sure that I would have lost my temper and tried to kill him with a butter knife while he slept. I would not have made a good mentor for either him or Katniss. I click off the television bitterly, throwing the remote onto the couch and exiting my house with silent footsteps, cold air causing my cheeks to redden and fingers to freeze. Even though the sun is still down, I can see the stone path beneath my feet easily as I make my way to the woods. Hunting should be easy today since I'll be there before the animals wake up, an arrow positioned to fire before they even see me. Like a ghost in the night, I sweep through the streets undetected in case I get any trouble from one of the few Peacekeepers that I don't trade with. It seems the whole world is dead. There's no stars in the sky tonight, the moon is close to being a black space in the sky, the air is as still as the earth beneath me and no light erupts from any of the houses that I walk past. Long, wet grass brushes against my brown pants as I walk briskly through the meadow leading to the fence, causing my legs to stick to my clothing. I thought that I would never be able to hunt after my return from the games, but after Katniss left, leaving her family behind, it became my job to feed them. At first I was just going to buy food from the market, but upon close inspection I realized that fresh game would be better for everyone. The fruit isn't that fresh either since nobody can afford to buy the produce, the decent food is mostly left to rot under the hot sun. Hunting by myself has its benefits. I've improved significantly with my bow and arrows, almost all my shots meet their mark within a long range. Sometimes my bow can't keep up with me, and I have to move closer to my target in order for the arrow to reach. I've also memorized the plant book that Katniss' mother gave to me. Now I'm able to pick out herbs in the forest without having to double check if they're edible or not. In my spare time, I've been making extra sheathes of arrows and stuffing them into different logs and hollowed out trees incase something happens to the ones I usually use. I've only been able to craft one bow, and it's not nearly as strong or well made as the one Katniss' father made, so I saved it for Rory and Vick who I've been teaching how to shoot in the past week. Both of my younger brothers are fascinated with the woods. Rory has picked up archery pretty quick, but Vick is more interested in wild plants and snares. It took a whole night of pleading and convincing with my mother before I was allowed to take my siblings out of the district. The only place that they are forbidden to go is the Hob, but other than that they are free to roam within earshot. I've only taken them about half a mile in, but each day we press a little farther into the trees. They usually go with me every day, but I'll be doing the hunting, snaring and gathering today. After crawling under a weak part in the fence, I start a slow quiet jog to the hollowed out log to retrieve my weapons. The light fog along the forest floor gives the woods an ominous look to it, causing the hair on the back of my neck to stand straight up. My bag is the next thing I slide out of the hiding place, the only things it contains are Katniss' plant book, a makeshift knife that I've used for years and twine for snares. With everything secured, I start hiking along the hills mindlessly. I don't shift my eyes around, since I know that it is far too early for the game to be out, but I keep my ears sharp for any predators that might be roaming around at this hour. You can never be too careful here. By the time my boots are soaked with dew and a cold sweat has developed under my arms I stop and settle into the brush to conceal myself. Very, very slowly the sun is rising over the eastern mountains, illuminating a portion of the forest floor. When the first bird starts to sing from the treetops, I slide a wooden arrow from the quiver over my shoulder and fit the notch onto the tightly wound string and wait for my prey to come out. I shouldn't have to worry about setting any snares since Vick, Rory and I set dozens around the woods yesterday evening. We should catch enough for us, the Everdeens and still be able to trade at the Hob for a bunch of supplies- even if I don't get anything with my bow. Not a lot of time passes before I see a brown squirrel scurry from a hole in an oak tree and bounce along a low hanging branch. The rodent sits on its hind legs and sniffs the air, pulling its nose high toward the orange sky. I lock my eyes on the creature and raise my bow at