Chapter 1 A/N: Hi this is my first ever fanfic so fingers crossed it's not too bad. Jily is one of my favourite ships ever so I hope I can put that into words with a decent story. I've missed out some scenes we know happened in the books including Snape and Lily on the train so sorry! But it will probably work better for my story this way. I'd rather Lily meets James for the first time in class or at the feast. Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognise. Enjoy 'Lily!' a voice called from the front door of my family's tiny flat. I sighed. There had been a knock on the door a few minutes ago but I didn't know who had come to call. I had just been leaving to go see my best mate Sev but I couldn't because of some visitor. 'Coming.' I called in return as my innards groaned. My bedroom I shared with my older sister Tuney; it was small with a threadbare rug, an ancient (not to mention broken) dresser with a small grimy mirror above it and taking up one entire side of the room was our bunk bed which had been our neighbours' before it fell into our possession. I walked into the dimly lit hallway. Like my room and the rest of the house it contained threadbare rug - this particular one ran the length of the of the hall. The walls were lined with sketches of flowers, Cokesworth (the town we lived in) and the countryside from the days when my parents were young and without children. Shop bought decorations were expensive so my mother and I had tried to decorate the house with sketches that we had drawn ourselves. They were unframed because we couldn't afford to waste money on such things and were simply pined to the wall. At the end of the hall stood my parents and a tall rather severe looking woman. She stepped forward to introduce herself. 'My name is Professor McGonagall and you must be Lily Evans.' she said looking me up and down as though accessing if I was indeed who she though I was. I tugged at my long auburn plait nervously and nodded. 'Yes ma'am.' She looked at me approvingly. 'You are aware of Hogwarts are you not?' I nodded. Sev's mum Eileen was a witch who had attended Hogwarts and his father Tobias had also done so but had failed his qualifications. Sev had got his letter from Hogwarts already and although he had assured me I would also receive mine I had been worried I wouldn't because the rest of my family were non-magic. 'Then you will already know why I am here. I have just explained to your parents what attending Hogwarts would mean and they have given me their consent should you wish to attend.' 'Oh yes!' I said wonderingly. McGonagall smiled. She actually smiled! Who knew she could do that? 'Then we had best head off to get your school supplies,' she turned to my parents 'and we will be returning in the evening around 5pm.' My parents both nodded grinning at me. 'Mum, dad could you tell Sev that I can't meet him for me please?' Again they nodded and all four of us headed through the front door and down the staircase onto the shabby street we lived on. My parents turned into the family bakery and left me with Professor McGonagall. 'We will be taking the Knight Bus.' She said with an air of someone walking into a set of gallows as she flung out her right arm. At once there was loud bang and a violently purple bus appeared out of nowhere. It looked quite out of place on my dingy street that had smashed beer bottles and needles lying in the gutter. A conductor stepped out wearing a slightly ruffled purple uniform. 'Welcome to the Knight Bus-' 'Yes we know!' cut in Professor McGonagall 'We don't need its history thank you!' I smiled. Clearly, Professor McGonagall was not a woman to be trifled with. She paid the fare for us both to a place called the Leaky Cauldron and we got in. It was only then that it occurred to me that I didn't have any money. 'Um...' I cleared my throat nervously. 'Ma'am I don't have any money. I'm really sorry I forgot and we haven't really got any to spare...' I trailed off. 'We have a fund at Hogwarts for pupils who cannot afford their supplies.' and with that she handed me a pouch of coins. They chinked merrily inside it. 'The bronze ones are Knuts and 29 of those equate to the silver ones which are sickles. 17 sickles equal a galleon and a galleon is one of the gold ones.' I thanked her again. To say that the journey on the Knight Bus had been comfortable would have been a lie. It was an experience I wanted to forget so I focused on the place before me as we left the bus. The Leaky Cauldron turned out to be a pub as we pushed open the door and walked inside. It was crowded and smokey but luckily for me Professor McGonagall simply marched me through and into a small courtyard at the back. She then pulled out a 'wand' and tapped the third brick in the left. Immediately, a huge archway began to form and reveal a long cobbled street lined with a huge variety of shops. There were apothecaries, Quidditch (whatever that was though it did seem to have something to do with broomsticks judging by the window displays) shops, astronomy shops and a giant book shop called Flourish and Blott's which I knew would be my favourite by far. Professor McGonagall seemed to sense my excitement and the corners of her mouth twitched as she said 'Perhaps we'll go there last so that you get a good look at all the books.' I nodded eagerly. A few hours later we walked along the street (I had found out it was called Diagon Alley) and finally entered the book shop. I had bought most of my things in a second-hand shop (my school uniform, textbooks, cauldron, telescope, glass phials and brass scales) but the rest had had to be brand new (my wand, ink, quills, parchment and potions ingredients). I still had some money left so we walked into Flourish and Blott's. My hands were trembling with trepidation. Professor McGonagall headed to the transfiguration section and I headed to the housework section wondering if there was any spell that would hep me adjust my uniform once it got too small. There was indeed a book on sewing which included a spell that expanded material. I decided to get that book, a book titled Hogwarts: A History (which I had come across on my way to the counter) and a book titled 'A Guide to Being Frugal: Refilling supplies and much more...'. As I brought them up to the counter the lady behind it looked slightly surprised at my choice of books but smiled nonetheless. I counted out how much I needed and gave it to her before I picked up my books again the books and walked back to Professor McGonagall. 'What books did you get?' she asked me curiously as she noticed the three large volumes I was attempting to carry along with my other purchases. I showed her and she read them quickly before looking at me sharply. Unsure of how to react to her gaze I looked at the floor and then followed her out of the shop. We sat in silence on the journey back and she walked me silently to the front of my family's bakery. She seemed in deep thought and only seemed to resurface when I thanked her for taking me to Diagon Alley. She handed me a ticket for the train that would take me to Hogwarts but still seemed distracted. We said goodbye and she literally disappeared with a loud crack. I in turn turned to face the shop front. The windows were slightly grubby and one of them boarded up because some drunk person had thrown themselves at it. I sighed as I looked at the building I called home, my good mood ebbing away, and opened the shop door. A light was on in the back room so I headed silently through the shop and put my stuff down on the table in the back room. 'Hey Lils.' My dad said whilst not taking his eyes off whatever it was baking in the oven in front of him. 'How was it?' 'It was great.' came my answer rather half-heartedly. 'Where's mum?' 'She was tired so she went to bed.' I tugged at my plait. My mum was ill. We didn't know how but she was. Most days she would be able to move around for a few hours but then have to go to bed because she was so drained of energy. Other days she couldn't even sit up in bed for too long because she was so weak. The doctors didn't know what the problem was and neither did we. Dad and I were extremely worried and my sister Tuney vanished round to her mate's house during the day and only returned at night in time for curfew at 10pm. She was avoiding the house because of mum being ill and not wanting to be contaminated and because of me. Ever since I was small I could do strange things like make twigs float through the air or make flowers bloom and that made me a freak to Tuney. She hated me and my magical abilities which is how I became friends with Sev. His parents were both magic and he told me all about the magical world. Well most of it. I thanked my dad and headed up to our flat above the bakery. I flung myself into bed without bothering to get dressed and fell asleep after worrying about my mum, Tuney and the new world I was entering. The journey to King's Cross station was incredibly awkward. Tuney hated me and thought I was a freak. My mum had been too fatigued to send me off and my dad simply hoped that there would be no insults spraying at me out of my sister's mouth. In order to prevent this everyone is our ancient old car sat in silence. Tuney was probably considering ways to kill me, dad was probably thinking about tasks he had to do and I was thinking about how someone could get onto 3/4 of a platform. I mean was it possible to build platform 9 and 3/4? Couldn't the wizard/witch who had built the platform just have built a platform that wasn't in a busy train station filled with non-magical people? We reached King's Cross with half an hour to spare and dad lifted my trunk into a trolley and wheeled it into the station for me. 'Listen flower, Petunia and I've got to run. I need to get back to the shop and Petunia's meeting some of her friends at 12. Have a great term and we'll see you at Christmas!' Dad hugged me goodbye and Tuney gave me a sour look before the two of them headed to the exit leaving me in the middle of a station to look for a platform I was pretty sure was made up. Thinking logically I decided to look for platforms 9 and 10 because platform 9 and 3/4 was likely to be around them. Reaching the two platforms I cursed myself for not asking Sev or Professor McGonagall how to find the fabled platform. I stood there for a second utterly overwhelmed by everything wondering if I should ask someone. I immediately crossed that thought out as I remembered everything Sev had ever told me about the relationship between the magical and non-magical world.