Title: The Princess and the Wizard Author: Nesma A/N: This has been sitting on my computer for a while and I thought I would upload it. Huzzah. Disclaimer : I own nothing. A year ago, I was sitting on a velvet couch with Petunia talking to the rising journalist of the time, about fashion trends and current events. Gossiping about the latest monarchy scandals and batting my eyes at the camera, hoping that the bright lights weren't causing me to sweat my make-up off. The journalist made a remark on how ordinary I was. I blushed and let out a nervous giggle, trying not show the anger and hot shame bubbling in my stomach. I shouldn't have been surprised. The monarchy has always designed my image as the 'smart' one rather than the 'pretty' one. Petunia, with her classical looks, was easy to morph into the pretty one. It always astonished us how bizarre it was that people could only handle the simple version of ourselves. And if anyone realized that we were complex than the one-dimensional images that were created based on a flip of a coin or our interest at the age of five. We were both smart and pretty; but no journalist would ever sell an article if they portrayed that . At that particular moment, with the journalist giving me a knowing smirk, I would have given anything to blurt out a scandalous story of my past. A romantic flame with a stable boy. Perhaps a daring adventure. Anything to prove that I was anything but ordinary. I always found that life had a crude sense of humour. The first thing that anyone should know about me is that I'm a decent liar with a horrendously boring life. Despite being born as a princess, I have done nothing that would make my mark in History. In fact, I am convinced and have shared this thought with my sister Tuney multiple times, that I will be the princess that historians dread to write about in their large history books. They'd make arguments about why I shouldn't be written into History books (did she do anything? No) and perhaps add a conspiracy theory that I am in fact not blood related to the royal family. Alright, so the blood relation theory may have been inspired by some tabloid magazine article that I caught a glimpse of, but still. Now, why would I think I lead such a terribly boring life style? Most likely because I often compare myself to my dear older sister Tuney (otherwise known as Princess Petunia). While I lay in her bed at 6AM, pretending to be her, she is off gallivanting with her lover doing God knows what. In fact, she has spent a majority of the night with this lad. And they probably did, or doing, something romantic like staring at the stars and sharing their inner most thoughts. Or perhaps they had a moonlit walk. Or maybe he got a horse for them to ride on. So while my sister is having the love story of the century, I spent my night wrestling with her sheets. I believe that my sister is thoroughly confused about the difference between a bed and a believes that a bed must have at least 20 sheets and covers. Then, there are all these decorative pillows that may or may not hold sentimental value to Tuney. Also, the odd stuffed animals that she collected throughout the years. So getting into this bed is like battling a squid. Then, to sleep in the bed is another battle, one that I have not discovered how. Which is why I'm positively exhausted because I was unable to get any sleep since this bed is not a bed. Of course, there is the fact that I am currently worrying about how to get to my own bed in the next few minutes. You see, being part of the royal family means having my own security team. A group of men and women who actually work to ensure my safety. Even though I think that it is a gross mismanagement of funds. I mean, really, who would want to kill me? Or even hurt me? Of course people have issues with the monarchy, I mean, that's only normal. And, granted, strange things are happening around the country at the current moment. For one, there seems to be a lot more murders and deaths. The numbers have steadily been growing but this year it literally has doubled. And some are completely bizarre, like some where the people are found in completely locked homes (I believe one was found in a shut and locked bomb shelter). Then, there is the fact that most of the people that are dying really should be alive. People dying in perfect health conditions. Some doctors have actually tried to get away with listing the deaths as 'frighten to death' on the certificates because there is literally no reason why these people should be dead. Except, for that they are dead. It's all really bizarre. To make matters worse, the public health sector has released a statement days ago that the number of people being diagnosed with moderate to severe depression has doubled in the past year or so. Which came shortly after people complaining about damaged forests. Which, occurred around the time a major gas pipe burst and caused the death of nearly 100 people at some convention. This country is in a bit of a crisis at the moment. In case that is unclear. And people are, obviously unhappy with the state of the country (who can blame them!?) and are willing to blame anyone, like the royal family (as if we have the power to control the issues in this country anymore). Either way, no one truly believes (except maybe some extremists) that by attacking me, Princess Lily, that the country would just turn around. But alas, no, Kingsley Shakelbot tends to disagree with my whole, 'it is absolutely bonkers that a terribly boring 17 year old requires her own security team' belief. He usually states the fact that I'm a princess and the royal family is very important to the country and thus I require a security team. He usually fails to comfort me on the fact that I describe myself as boring. Though, I do suppose that it makes it easier for him (and the rest of his team) to monitor my movements. And I do like Kingsley. He is rather young to be head of a security team, but he came with these credentials (Oxford, Imperial, some odd stint at Harvard) and he was highly recommended and all that. Even though I am displeased with his lack of enthusiasm for my humor. He just tends to eye me after a joke and tells me to 'watch out for myself' as if there is an ax murderer looking for me around every corner. I also suspect that he's aware that I've been helping Tuney sneak out. Always quizzing me and Petunia about our 'shared' schedule (but really, time Tuney puts aside to see Vernon-her lover). Of course, because Vernon is also, technically, in line for the throne and comes from a well-established family… I don't think anyone is really nervous about the relationship. In fact, the two could actually start dating in the public sphere and people would simply be happy for them. It's not as if she's dating a driver or the stable boy. Regardless, Kingsley takes security very seriously. Right around now, Kingsley and the others are having this huge meeting regarding security issues. They go over the daily schedule and assign people different time slots. Then, they usually discuss the latest security hack and what's being done to remedy that. By 6:15 or 6:30, they're usually done and standing guard outside the doors making it that much harder to sneak back into our rooms. Stranded in my own train of thoughts, I nearly missed the entrance of Petunia. "Oh, you're still here?" The door slammed and I nearly toppled out of bed as my dear older sister made her way across the room, dropping her bag and sweater on the floor. A look of content was on her face and she lets out a sigh as she plopped herself down into one of her armchairs. Uh, yes, of course, I was still here. What else would I do with my time? Have a life? "Of course I'm still here!? Where else would I be? And you're late!" I exclaimed as I wrestled with the sheets on my bed. My sister merely gave me a bored glance before examining her nails. "I'm sorry, it's just." And at this, a small smile spreads across her face and she batted her eyelashes one too many times, "We just lost track of time. We spent the entire night talking, about everything!" She uttered in a dreamy tone. Ew. I would have much rather she told me that they spent the evening making out or shagging. At least that would be interesting. "Well, that's just great." I mumbled, kicking the pillows in front of me out of the way so that I could start my 'walk of shame' (haha) back to my room. Petunia gave out another content sigh as she swung her legs over her armchair, letting her head drop over the arm rest as she stared up the ceiling. "It was great. He's so charming. So lovely. He's just… he's just my everything. " She said quietly, and there was a dreamy look on her face with a hint of a smile playing on the edge of her lips; and it was obvious even to me that the nights before were flashing before her very eyes. Which is all nice and lovely, except I was going to be terribly late to my day. Rolling my eyes to the ceiling, I balled my hands into fists as I made my way out the door. "You owe me!" I shouted over my shoulder, as Petunia waved a hand in my direction. As if I was a fly rather than a sister who spent the entire evening spinning lies for her. And of course, she's my sister. I love her very much and would only want her happiness. But she's been asking me to lie for her a lot lately. Which, normally I would be fine with (I am a decent liar after all) but lying for Petunia is positively exhausting. We have to memorize our shared schedule, we have to make sure that our appearances line up, we have to make sure that we have at least three back-up plans in case the security team finds out the real deal. "What are you doing out of bed?" Came the voice of a very peeved Kingsley. Stuck in my own thoughts, I nearly walked right into him. Well, I never did say I was aware of my surroundings. Just a decent liar. "Had to talk to Petunia about today," I told him, yawning loudly as I scrunched up my eyes to avoid his gaze. "And that was?" Kingsley drawled. "Lessons. Homework. You know how I can be terribly tardy on completing those." I said lazily, waving a hand in the air as if I was shooing an annoying fly. Starting to walk towards my room in hopes of shaking Kingsley off. "Mhmm. Well, get back and finish your work then." Kingsley said stiffly, stepping aside as to let me through as he followed me back to my room. I rolled my eyes as Kingsley's footsteps mimicked my own. Was it truly necessary to have the head of security follow me around as if I was this hopeless puppy? "This is completely unnecessary. I'm sure you have better things to do." in an annoyed tone, because, really. "This is my job you know. It would seem that you want me fired." I snorted. "Yes, but me walking a