Katniss Everdeen wakes up before the sun, like most mornings in the apartment above Everdeen's, District 12's only bakery. Rising slowly, she smiles slightly at the clatter of her younger sister, Prim. Hurriedly, she throws on jeans and a tank top before heading downstairs to help her father and her sister. "Where's mom?" she asks. Her small blonde sister, just thirteen years old, stands near her father, kneading dough. "Apothecary!" her sister chirps. Her little brow furrows as she continues her work. Katniss laughs. "Little Duck, go help mom. You're much better at healing than you are at baking." Prim sticks her tongue out but smiles, says goodbye, and crosses the street to their mother's apothecary. When their grandfather had passed away two years ago, their mother had stopped work at the bakery to resume her work in her family's old shop. "Good morning, Mockingjay!" her dad exclaims jovially. "Morning, Pop," she replies happily. "So what are we making today?" "Well, it's Sunday, so we oughta bake the trading loaves first. The boys have been coming by earlier and earlier, I swear." Katniss bites back a smile and nods, hurriedly kneading the dough in front of her. "I see that blush," her father teases. "Dad!" Katniss groans. "Okay, okay," he laughs, raising both of his hands in surrender. "If you don't want to talk about your knight in shining armor, then at least get a couple more loaves going." She rolls her eyes at him and continues to go about her work, humming along with her father and occasionally picking up a song, absentmindedly singing it together. Before she knows it, it is eight o'clock and there is a knock on the door. Without thinking about it, she brushes a flour-covered hand over her hair and swings open the back door to the kitchen, resisting the urge to shriek as she sees Peeta Mellark and Gale Hawthorne standing at her doorstep. The blonde one smiles at her while the taller, older brunette gives a terse nod in greeting. She sees a small bag of strawberries in his hand and resists the urge to run inside and call Madge really fast to warn her of Gale Hawthorne's imminent arrival at her house. "Uh, Katniss?" Peeta asks politely. "You okay?" "Yeah! Sorry! Uh, I'll grab my dad." She shoots back into the house and slams the door, leaning against it and wincing. When she opens her eyes she sees her dad attempting to hide his laughter. "Dad," Katniss whispers harshly. "Stop!" "Alright, my Mockingjay," he laughs goodnaturedly. "Move out of the way so I can trade with your future husband." Before she can retort, her dad has swung open the door again, and Peeta and Gale look back at her once more. She notices a slight pink tinge to Peeta's cheeks and she prays that he didn't hear anything her father said. "Hello, Mr. Everdeen," Peeta says, nodding his head respectfully. Mr. Everdeen smiles. "Peeta, I've told you a hundred times. Just call me Clarke, please." "Sorry, Mr. Everdeen," Peeta says hurriedly, cringing as Gale barks out a laugh. "I mean, Clarke." "Here," Gale mercifully steps in. "This is the haul for the day." He offers up a rabbit and two squirrels, which Mr. Everdeen appraises. "As usual, great job, boys. I'll take the two squirrels," Clarke says. "Kat, grab me the bag on the counter, will ya? I forgot." Katniss nods wordlessly and shoots back inside, quickly snatching the brown paper bag on the counter. She returns with it and finds that her father is somehow already gone. Peeta gives her a small smile. "He went across the street to tell your mom something." "Oh, okay," Katniss replies, and then realizes how cold it sounds. She's never been naturally social with anyone outside of her family or Madge. Gale, whose grey eyes match her own, makes her less nervous, so she focuses her gaze on him and hands him the bag. "Well then, here you go. Thanks for the squirrels. You always get them right through the eye." "Oh, that's not me," Gale laughs. "That's all Peet here. He does the shooting, I do the trapping." Katniss nods as though she knows what they're talking about. "Done for the day then?" Gale looks at her oddly; she usually doesn't really talk to them at all. Peeta, however, continues the conversation. "We just have to swing by the mayor's house and bring strawberries to Madge." "I'm hoping to go over there later today," Katniss says. "I was supposed to visit yesterday but then I ended up getting caught up at work." "Peeta," Gale says, his voice strangely hard. "Come on, we need to go." "Okay," Peeta says, appearing to shake himself out of something. "Yeah, you're right. Bye, Katniss." "Bye!" she says, but they're already walking away down the path toward the Mayor's back door, just a few doors down. "Why don't you just ask him to hang out sometime?" Prim says suddenly, appearing from the side of the house. "Primrose!" Katniss scolds, but her heart isn't in it and her blonde sister can tell. "How long have you been there?" "Since dad threw you to the wolves," Prim laughs, and Katniss can't help but join her. "He wouldn't want to hang out with me," Katniss finally answers. "He's very kind and friendly, but I hear he doesn't really have any interest in girls. He's too busy, providing for his brothers." Prim nods in understanding. One of Peeta's younger brothers is in her grade, the other a couple grades younger. "Well, maybe it would be nice for him to have something for himself," Prim says sweetly. "You'll never know unless you give it a try." "If I'm even going to think about that," Katniss says, "it's got to be after this afternoon." Prim's face pales. "You're right." Today is Reaping Day, and two teenagers will be sent into an Arena by the Capitol to fight to the death for entertainment. Katniss swallows a large lump in her throat, praying that above all else, Prim's name isn't called. A close second is a prayer that neither Peeta nor one of his two younger brothers is called. She then scolds herself for not thinking of her best friend Madge, and sends a quick prayer for the mayor's daughter too. "Speaking of," Katniss says, just as they hear their mother calling them into the house to get dressed. "We'd better get ready, then, Little Duck." Katniss dresses in a blue cotton dress, her mother having braided her hair into a complex, gorgeous side plait. Prim grasps her hand with a surprising amount of strength as they make their way to the town square with their parents. Both of them receive tight hugs and whispers of good luck before going to sign in, letting their fingers be pricked. This is Prim's second Reaping, so she needs no instruction. Katniss squeezes her hand once. "Tuck in your tail, Little Duck," she smiles.. The grin feels heavy on her face, though, and she retreats into the line of seventeen year olds. After this, there is only one more year to make it through. But Prim has five more after this, so Katniss knows she will have her heart in her throat for several more years to come. Effie Trinket hobbles onto the stage, and the only remaining victor from District 12 is so drunk he nearly pukes on camera. The children below the stage watch the stock footage that the Capitol makes them watch every single year, explaining the terrible deeds of the District and the justification behind the Capitol's Hunger Games. Katniss resists the urge to roll her eyes. She feels a hand slip on to her arm and give it a gentle squeeze and looks to her right to find the bright blue eyes of the mayor's daughter, Madge Undersee. Katniss is Madge's only real friend, and the reverse is true as well. Naturally subdued, the other girls from town, like Delly Cartwright, were always too exuberant for her. Madge, on the other hand, was witty but in a quiet, sarcastic way, and kind, but in a genuine sense that entirely lacked pretense. The two of them had become fast friends at a young age, but in the last two years, they had been placed in separate lunch periods. Katniss was placed in the same lunch hour as Prim, but Madge was alone, until Peeta Mellark began sitting with her since nobody else had the nerve to sit beside the mayor's daughter. And so, at the Reaping, Madge looks over to the boys' side and exchanges a weighted glance with Peeta Mellark, giving him a quaky smile, which he returns, only his appears genuine. Peeta Mallark's smiles always appear genuine, Katniss realizes, shaking herself for staring at him so blatantly. "Gee, Kat, take a picture why don't you," Madge murmurs under her breath, and Katniss lets out a breath of laughter, but quickly shuts her lips tightly. Now is not the time or place for laughter. "Ladies first," Effie Trinket trills. Madge can almost swear that she sees a sense of darkness behind Effie's eyes, a hint of anger there, a hint of regret, but she can't be sure. She shakes herself and straightens her spine, trying to prepare herself for the unpreparable. She sucks in a breath and holds it, eyes closed while her fingers grasp Katniss' tightly. Please not me. Please not Katniss. Please not— Her thoughts are cut off as Effie's voice rings out. "Primrose Everdeen." A scream instantly rips from Katniss's throat, and Madge feels her heart cease beating. She's unsure when it starts up again, but at some point she feels her feet push forward, in front of Katniss, who has sunk to her knees and begun yelling. "NO! PRIM!" But Madge remembers something that very few District 12 residents do, because it doesn't happen here; individuals may volunteer as tribute. "I volunteer!" Madge shrieks, throwing her body in front of little Primrose, who stands in shock between two Peacekeepers. She tries to keep the tremor out of her voice as she swallows hard and repeats herself in a more understandable but nearly as loud tone. "I volunteer as tribute." Effie's purple lips drop open slightly but she recovers and smiles dazzlingly. "A volunteer! Why I don't think that's ever happened here!" Katniss, in the meantime, is being picked up off of the ground by Primrose, who holds her tightly. Madge can see her lips forming the blonde's name as she takes the stage but she tears her eyes away from her best friend and her kid sister. If there are any two individuals that Madge would never allow to step into the Hunger Games, it would be Primrose or Katniss Everdeen. Had Katniss not been in such shock, and remembered the rule, she would have volunteered first; Madge knows that. "I see a resemblance. I assume you are also an Everdeen?" Effie asks, but Madge knows that it's fake. She knows that Effie knows that she is the mayor's daughter, and is probably hoping that the Capitol has forgotten her face since last year. After all, Capitol citizens would not take well to a higher-up's daughter being slaughtered. Madge doesn't care much what the Capitol citizens want, though, so she narrows her cornflower eyes and hisses into the microphone. "My name is Margaret Undersee. My father is the mayor, and Primrose Everdeen is my best friend's little sister. I love her as my own." Then the microphone is snatched away from Madge's mouth before she continue talking. "Touching," Effie says, her voice empty but her eyes betraying something that Madge can barely catch; disgust. At who, Madge isn't sure. "Now on to the young men." Madge looks into the audience and sees Peeta staring at her gravely, his blue eyes so like her own. He places three fingers to his lips and holds them up toward the sky, a universal