A/N: Submitted to the We Love Mobward Contest put on by Pay It Forward. Much thanks to SunflowerFran for suggesting the contest. This was completely out of my wheelhouse... thus the lemony goodness sprinkled throughout. Oh, who am I kidding? It's drenched in the stuff. ;) Have plans to expand it, just not sure when... Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight. BPOV "You know he's in the mob, right?" Bella shot Alice a dark look and hoped Mr. Cullen hadn't heard her from the hallway. Bella waited until the door fully closed before turning on her friend. "Honestly, Alice." "What?" Alice said with a shrug. "He is." Opting to ignore her, Bella returned to her appointment book at the front desk and placed a neat check next to Mr. Carlisle Cullen's name. Her next client wasn't scheduled for nearly an hour but Mrs. Stanley suffered from a host of problems that would require a little more set up. Unfortunately for Bella, the physical therapy suite located within Forks County Hospital was small enough that Alice's voice carried to her perfectly well from across the space. "Come on, Bells. He's just got that air about him. The kind that reeks of old money earned through questionable means." Bella fought the smile threatening to emerge as Alice continued to pile fictional facts onto Bella's unsuspecting client. Once she got started there was no stopping her. Especially in an empty office. "Bring me that foam roller would you, Al?" Bella tried to interrupt the diatribe. "Blue or black?" asked Alice. "Blue." "And what's with that goon he always comes in with? The guy never says anything." Alice huffed as she took a seat next to Bella on the floor. Taking the foam roller from Alice with a playful tug, Bella narrowed her eyes. "Jasper is perfectly nice. Just because he doesn't want to talk to the motormouth of Suite 189 doesn't mean he's a goon. And as for Mr. Cullen… the most nefarious thing about him are the eight rounds of chemo he just completed." "Uh-huh," Alice hedged. She let Bella peruse her notes in silence for a minute before standing with a loud sigh. "Well, just so you know, I also happen to think Mrs. Stanley is the reincarnation of Zsa Zsa Gabor." Bella smiled up at her friend. "Now that I agree with." EPOV "I heard you, Rose. Fine… yes. I understand." Edward hung up the phone and pinched the bridge of his nose. In the ten months he'd been filling in for his father, Edward could count on one hand the number of good phone calls that came through. Each one was worse than the next. And here he thought the office work part of the job would be the easiest. A knock sounded and the door opened a second later. "Did you need me, Boss?" Jasper stood just inside the doorway, blocking out the light that shone in from the hallway. His size was just one of the reasons they'd taken him on when Edward's dad had gotten sick. The reference he came with was the other. And while his stature was indisputable, his loyalty was not. "Close the door, Jasper." Edward said as he stood. His suit jacket hung open and Edward slipped it off before folding it over the back of his father's chair. He rolled up the sleeves of his crisp white dress shirt. Why the hell did I wear white? Jasper at least had the common sense to look nervous as Edward rounded the desk and came to stand in front of him. As hulking as the bodyguard was, Edward matched him for height. Although while his lean frame was well sculpted, he didn't have quite the bulk that Jasper did. "Can I tell you something, Jasper?" Edward said, leveling a serious stare at the man standing before him. "Of course, Boss." Came the mumbled reply. "Ah, see that's just it. I never wanted to be the boss. Didn't want to take over the family business. I still don't. Which is why I need the old man safe and sound. Safe, Jasper." "Boss," Jasper said with a nod, his eyes on the ground. Edward snapped his fingers in Jasper's line of sight, forcing his gaze upward. Closing the little space that remained between them, Edward narrowed his eyes. "And that's not why you're here. Is it?" Jasper's stoic silence was admirable. So was the offering of his square jaw. Edward's fist connected half a dozen times before Jasper moved. Even then he didn't fight back, just bent over and let his blood splatter all over Edward's dress shoes and the dark red carpet that had been chosen for that exact reason. BPOV Bella had one foot out the door when the phone started ringing. If Alice hadn't left an hour ago she would've dragged Bella away from the responsibilities of work and into a night at the club or some other place Bella had no interest in going. Instead she answered the phone. "Forks Physical Therapy." "I need to speak to Ms. Swan." The voice on the other end of the line was brooding with masculinity and a simmering anger. "Speaking," Bella replied. "How can I help you?" "You've been helping my father. Carlisle Cullen." A shiver ran through Bella's body. Carlisle was soft-spoken and pleasant, the man on the phone sounded dangerous. "Yes, he's a-" "We're going out of town," the man cut her off. "Tomorrow. I'd like you to accompany my father and continue your work with him." Bella frowned as she listened to his clipped words. He sounded as though he was speaking through gritted teeth. She wondered what on earth had made him so angry. "I'm sorry but I can't just-" "My father wants to dance with my mother at their fiftieth wedding anniversary at the end of the month." "I know-" Bella tried to interject but was cut off again. "And you're the one who's tasked with ridding him of that cane. I'm a man who expects people to keep their word." With a huff, Bella raised her voice. "And I will. In my office. Now if he needs to reschedule his appointment, I'd be happy to arrange something for when you return." Bella could've sworn she heard a growl in his angry exhale. His next words were rough and raw. "We won't be returning before the party. You need to come with us." "Mr. Cullen," Bella began when the lone light still on at the desk flickered. The telephone line crackled and for a second she thought she'd lost him. "Mr. Cullen?" "How many patients would suffer if your facility were to shut down indefinitely?" Again, that chill ran down Bella's spine. "Excuse me?" His voice lowered to graveled tone. "In exchange for your accompanying my father, I will personally see to it that not only does your office receive a large financial donation but the power will stay on and the hospital will stay in business." Grasping the edge of the desk, Alice's words from earlier echoed through Bella's mind. She closed her eyes tightly against the notion that Carlisle or his son were involved in the mob. Taking a deep breath, she weighed her options as quickly as she could with the heavy pants coming from the other end of the line. Whether or not his threats were valid, she wasn't the only physical therapist in the office. Alice and the rest of the staff could cover any appointments she might miss. At least until she was able to talk some sense into Carlisle and his son. "Fine. Of course, I will need more details." A grunt that Bella could only guess was indicative of his satisfaction came through the line. "I'll send a car to your place within the hour." "Wait a minute," Bella replied. "How do you know where I live?" EPOV The echo of a gunshot sounded from deep inside Edward's pants pocket where his phone was currently residing. It was the ringtone he'd dedicated to any and all communication from Rose and ignoring her was rapidly becoming his new hobby. Turning back to the bubbling pot of red sauce on the stovetop, Edward dipped his spoon in and gave it a delicate swirl. He insisted on a family dinner the first night at the Cullen Estate, just like his father always did. Whether it was a nod to tradition or he was becoming more comfortable in his temporary role, Edward wasn't sure. Of course, family dinner meant something different now that Rose had married Royce and their father had gotten cancer. For one thing, it would be a whole lot less family. Tonight the table would be surrounded by people on the payroll. Including Bella Swan, Edward thought. He hadn't yet met his father's physical therapist but was pretty damn sure he owed her an apology. For threatening her business, coercing her into coming to Connecticut and just generally being an ass. He could use his punishment of Jasper as an excuse but it wasn't like he'd killed the guy. Just gave him a proper beating and sent him running back to the Volturi family with his tail between his legs. It was unorthodox to leave a traitor alive but Edward wasn't his father. "Is this for dinner tonight?" Edward recognized the voice immediately. It belonged to the woman to whom he owed that apology. Turning to face her, he wasn't surprised to see how beautiful she was. After all, he knew what she looked like, where she lived, who her family was and what her goddamn social security number was. What he didn't know was that a slow burn would warm his chest when he laid eyes on her. She crossed the large kitchen and came to stand beside him at the stove. Dipping her pinky into the sauce, she licked it off with a hum and looked up at him. "I'm Bella. Mr. Cullen's physical therapist. And while this is delicious, it's hardly the kind of thing he needs to be eating." Her brown eyes bore into his, earnest and about as threatening as a puppy. He suppressed a chuckle and when he spoke he was surprised that she didn't appear to recognize his voice. "I'm glad you like it." "I said it was delicious, not that I liked it." She returned his smile before turning back to the stove. "So, what's wrong with it exactly… Bella?" He liked saying her name. How it felt on his tongue and suddenly it didn't seem to so strange that she didn't recognize his voice. He hardly recognized it himself. It wasn't often that he sounded so… happy. "Well, in my experience, delicious is usually a result of butter and oil and everything else bad for you." "Then I think you're doing something wrong," Edward said. She smiled up at him again and then called his attention to the large pot of pasta boiling. "Is that homemade?" "It is," Edward replied. He couldn't help the pride that leaked into his voice. "What kind of flour did you use?" Putting his spoon down, Edward crossed his arms over his chest, obscuring the words "Grillfather" that were emblazoned on the front of his apron. A gift from Rose several Christmases ago, Edward only wore it because he valued keeping his suit in pristine condition. A little splatter may be easy to hide on his black dress pants but his white shirt wouldn't fare so well. He made a mental note to have his assistant pick up some dark colored shirts soon. "The delicious kind," he said. Bella fought a laugh, biting into her lip and glancing up at him through long lashes. That heat in his chest crackled through his body and he realized in that moment that nothing on his stove was likely as delicious as the woman standing in front of him. "Mr. Cullen needs to be cutting down on saturated fats and sugar. A