A/N: Have you missed me? I've missed you! You probably thought I was dead. (Hell, I even googled "dead fanfiction writers" just out of curiosity.) As for where I've been and what I've been doing... here it is in a nutshell: Life. Getting pinged with the odd author alert here and there. Bored with getting publisher rejections. Decided to give "The Secret of My Success" the ole EL James-treatment and as luck would have it... someone wanted it. Here's the thing. This wasn't your run-of-the-mill EL James-ing. I did a bit more than find and replace Edward and Bella's names (that's Graham and Becca now, by the way). I worked my ass off for a year... reworking the story, establishing stronger conflicts, editing over and over and of course filling it with plenty of steamy sex scenes. Now, it's retitled (vaguely) and available in ebook format just about everywhere you can imagine. And because all of your author and story alerts have kept me going I thought I could repay the favor. Below is a one-shot that is completely original (and not in the book) and deliciously sexy with Edward and Bella re-cast in their original roles. For those of you who are curious about how the story turned out you can find it via my website: the site's being funny about showing the address, so just imagine if 'kjelisonbooks' was followed by the usual web address suffix. Or PM me for the address! There you'll also find some outtakes and links to my Pinterest author page with tons of "inspirational" images. Those 3 free copies of the book I was offering up have been snagged, but I appreciate each and every one of you reading this and hope you'll visit my site and keep an eye out for me here... :D Edward was pretty sure if he ever saw Bella's ass again he was more likely to kick it than ogle it. He'd been trailing her around the streets of Boston for about five miles before he lost sight of her altogether. At first it had been fun. Edward's usual training for the Boston Marathon was slow and measured. Not only was running his public relations business more important than running the race, but as part of a charity team he never had any great aspirations to shatter world records or even personal ones for that matter. He and his brother were the faces of the company and head cheerleaders for the group of employees that took on their training together. That was until Bella ran into his life. The romance novelist climbed to the top of his client list almost as quickly as she fell into his bed, but it was his heart that she captured completely. Which is probably why he happily agreed to train with her when she crossed the finish line at the Bay State Marathon in 3:32:13; her much sought after Boston qualifying time. Warning bells should've gone off in his head as he spun her in a dizzying hug, the red numbers of the finish line clock blurring in his vision. Her pace was a hell of a lot faster than his. And today he had his proof. Up until now their runs had been fairly short and slow. He might've missed one or two long runs or speed workouts due to his demanding work schedule and Edward wondering if his subconscious hadn't been doing him a favor by keeping him booked. The eight-mile tempo run had started innocently enough. At a mile in, Bella turned to Edward with a wicked grin and asked if he was ready. It turns out a minute faster per mile feels a whole hell of a lot like ten minutes faster. The tight curve of her ass had been inspiring enough to get him through the first mile as he dropped a few steps behind her. Soon though that gorgeous ass became smaller and smaller and soon was just a speck in the distance. Edward would've turned around and gone home but since the condo he shared with his twin brother was their destination anyway, he had no choice but to keep running. Images of Bella's ass spurred him on. The blast of air conditioning that greeted Edward as he entered his condo was a welcome reprieve from the heat of the summer haze that descended upon the city but it was also a cruel reminder of just why he was so damn hot. The sheen of sweat he was covered in looked more like he'd been caught in a downpour. Letting the door close behind him, Edward glanced down the long hallway that led to his bedroom and more importantly, the shower, and tried to estimate how many steps he had to take to get there. His feet weren't interested in anything more than ten or twenty steps, tops. "Thank god you're back. I was about to change and head back out to see if you'd gotten lost." Edward had taken half a dozen shuffling steps down the hall when Bella's voice called out to him from the living room. Too tired to muster any sort of expression to his face, Edward looked her over and noted that she'd already changed. And showered, from the looks of things. She wore a lightweight peach sundress that was practically see-through with the floor-to-ceiling windows behind her letting in the midday sunshine. With a rough swallow, Edward noted how dry his throat was and it wasn't because of how amazing Bella looked. "Shower," he mumbled as he continued down the hall. "Deal with you later." Bella's ringing laughter was probably a pretty good indication that she didn't find much value in his threat. Sure, he may have to let feeling return to his legs first, drink every last drop of liquid in the house and then sleep for a week but eventually he'd pay her back. As Edward rounded the corner into his room, he heard the rustling of paper and was pretty damn sure Bella just plopped down on the couch with a magazine. If her nonchalance was an act, it was one to be admired. Because in Edward's current state of rapidly cramping muscles, he was seriously considering living in his current clothes for the rest of his life rather than trying to remove them. Just the thought of bending over or trying to stand on one foot as he pulled his shorts off was enough to bring a grown man to tears. The large bathroom held a hint of moisture in the air from Bella's not so recent shower and Edward leaned against the wall so he could slide down to sit. He couldn't care less about his shorts but his shoes were expensive and ruining them in the shower would only fuel the irritation that was coursing through his body just as quickly as the sharp aches he was feeling. Once he got over the challenge of standing again and stripping his shirt off, Edward stepped into the cool spray of his shower and decided to live in there forever. Drinking down the water that poured across his face, he rubbed at the salt that covered his skin. He stood under the massaging force of his shower for an incalculable amount of time. It could've been minutes or hours. All Edward knew was that he was starting to feel somewhat alive again and if the dull ache in his legs was any indication, he'd better get the hell out of the shower before he ended up living on the floor of it. Which didn't seem as appealing as it once had when he considered the hard tiles and just how soft his bed in the next room was. Cranking the water off, he took that first ginger step out of the shower and winced as his weight shifted. Glancing at the closet that stood a good fifteen steps away and housed all the fluffy clean towels, Edward decided he was better off wet. His bed wasn't any closer but shaving off those fifteen steps was something. The cool air of his room did a good job of drying most of the water from his skin by the time he reached the bed. With measured movements, Edward lay back on the bed and sighed loudly as he relaxed into the mattress. There was a good chance he wasn't going to move for the rest of the day. Maybe even the week. Bella could start making it up to him by spoon feeding him every meal for the duration. "It's those muscles." Bella's voice was close but Edward couldn't muster the strength to open his eyes to see just where she was. "No shit," he mumbled. She laughed that sweet, light laugh again and his damn cock dared to twitch. It was bad enough that he was spread out naked atop the bed and just the sound of her voice was enough to make him hard, but he hardly need to encourage her. She'd tortured him enough already. The thought of trying to move was enough to make his cock stand down. The bed dipped and Bella's voice came again, from the other side of the bed this time. "I told you you didn't have a runner's build." Edward grunted at her observation. "Carrying around all those extra muscles makes running fast hard." "Thought you liked my muscles." Edward said, grumpily. Just last night she was clutching the firm muscles that curved along his shoulders and if her screams of pleasure were any indication, she seemed perfectly okay with them then. Damn it. Edward thought as his cock twitched again. He focused on his sore legs and tried to tamp down the tingling of desire that threatened to build in the pit of his stomach. "I'm definitely a fan." Becca said, a bit closer than before. He may be too big to run efficiently but she was the exact opposite. Her lithe frame was light enough to crawl to the middle of the bed without him knowing. "Yeah well, every last one of them is so fucking sore right now…" Edward trailed off, not sure launching into a curse-laced rant would do much to quell her laughter. "Did the shower help?" "No," he grumbled. "I'm going to try a coma now, so you need to leave me alone." "So grumpy." She laughed and then Edward felt her light touch on his upper thigh. Moving his hand faster than he wanted, Edward clutched at her wrist as his eyes shot open. "Don't fucking touch me." Bella pouted playfully and Edward tried not to think about her plump lips. "But I feel like I'm partly responsible for how much pain you're in." "You are completely responsible." "So let me make you feel better. Ice baths, massage…I know all the good tricks." Bella's hand slipped from Edward's loosening grip as she hopped up from the bed and ran out of the room. How the fuck can she run right now? He thought. "If you throw a bucket of ice on me I'm going to kick your ass, Bella." She returned to the room with a large bottle of water in each hand. The condensation fogging up the sides of the bottle had Edward's mouth watering and he actually considered moving if it meant getting to drink one of them. Before he had a chance to even sit up, Bella crossed the room and placed one bottle on his bedside table before opening the other and offering it to him. "Hydrate. We'll talk ice baths later." She winked before settling back onto the bed, alongside him this time. The brush of her skin felt more like a slap than a whisper but Edward was in survival mode and only acknowledging one thing at a time. Right now itwas the cool, crisp water that was pouring down his throat. When he finally came up for air, Bella's finger was rubbing tenuous circles