Author's Note: Happy Early Christmas! So I've hit a bit of a snag trying to get my second book published and instead of letting it collect dust on my hard drive while I save up the cash to hire an editor and self publish, I figured I might as well share some of it with you. After all, that's the whole point, right? Sure, I'd love to be one of those writers that doesn't have to hold a million other jobs to pay the bills, but in the end I just want to write stories that people read. And so, I present the first chapter of... THE SECRET OF HER STRENGTH. This is Rosalie and Emmett's story (aka Natasha and Griffin in my original novel form - I did some quick and easy find and replace action for you!). I'll likely share some more chapters of this story over time but am not sure yet if I want to pick and chose the juicy scenes or publish them in order... so bear with me! I hope you enjoy this early Christmas gift and let me know what you think! xo KJ I don't belong here. The thought had been running on a loop in Rosalie's mind for the last hour, starting in the recesses of her brain until it grew too loud to be ignored. She literally didn't belong here. Not only was Rosalie Hale supposed to be at some swanky hotel receiving an award as one of the 30 Under 30 Movers and Shakers in Boston but she also didn't hold a membership to the very exclusive club she just entered. The very sexy and naughty exclusive club. So exclusive it didn't even have a name. But it was amazing what eaves-dropping and a little money could buy. Like the location of the ever-drifting fantasy club and the night's password to get in. Rosalie secretly hoped her informant wasn't a member. She was curious, not desperate. The location was grand. Someone's private residence deep in the old money world of Back Bay. What looked like a stately brownstone from the outside was in fact several brownstones interconnected once you walked through the doors. And there were many doors to walk through. It was dark and labyrinthine and almost exactly as Rosalie imagined it would be. Mixed in amongst the exquisite furniture and expensive artwork adorning the home were even more intriguing displays to behold. Rosalie promised herself she wouldn't linger. She would take one night for herself. One night off from who she was supposed to be and indulge the passionate impulse that had been racing through her veins for too long. But after only a few dozen steps over the threshold from the normal world outside, Rosalie was more than lingering. The calculating and sensible part of her brain that usually dictated her every move was being drowned out by the more raw and sensual side. Rosalie's anxiety was already heightened due to the circumstances and the sights and sounds she was now bombarded with did little to calm the shiver of arousal in her core. She entered a tiny alcove of a room that might have been a solarium under ordinary circumstances but the night pressed in on the windows arching across the ceiling and thick, dark curtains further enveloped the space in a private cocoon. The pale skin of the man and woman whose movement had enraptured Rosalie was a striking contrast to the dark around them. The woman knelt on the floor, knees spread wide and arms tied behind her back with a silky white ribbon. Her chest was thrust out, nipples straining in arousal. Rosalie breath caught as her gaze shifted to the man. He strode in tight circles around the woman, inspecting her. Nothing in his hands, no whips or belts, but the light touch his index finger grazed on the woman's skin was working better than any additional apparatus might. The woman shuddered under his touch and shifted her hips ever so slightly. Rosalie waited for the admonishment to come but instead the man beckoned the woman forward. She lifted onto her knees and curled her lips in a sensuous smile. Keeping her focus on the man's face, the woman slipped the tip of her tongue out to flick the pull of the zipper that strained over his crotch. Grasping the metal between her teeth, she pulled the zipper down and freed his erection. Rosalie took in another stilted breath as the woman sat back on her heels and opened her mouth. The man stepped forward and grasped her by the shoulders. Tongue out, the woman guided him into her mouth as he began a slow and sensuous thrust of his hips. Murmurs stirred the air and Rosalie noticed several other pairings around her getting inspired by the scene. Taking one last look at the couple, Rosalie took a few brisk steps along the corridor. Each room she passed exhibited another fantasy come to life. As she continued deeper into the club she could feel the lust pressing in on her from all around. It was as if the pheromones were thick in the air, bidding her to shed her inhibitions. A terrifying thought but also the reason she had come. Passing by a large, ornate mirror, Rosalie repositioned her mask and smoothed her hands across her bare stomach. There was no specific dress code for the club but risqué was par for the course. And although her outfit was miles away from what she would wear on an everyday basis, it was tame compared to what she was surrounded by. The simple shelf bra made of wide black lace bands looked as though she could be unwrapped and enjoyed in a matter of seconds. The very reason she had purchased it. The same could be said for her black leather leggings. Only the very observant would notice the garter-style cutouts that allowed for easy access should the situation arise. Which is exactly what Rosalie had been counting on but now that she was here she was losing her nerve. She didn't have to wonder if this was really her. She knew it wasn't. It couldn't be. And even though Rosalie knew exactly who she wasn't she had even less of an idea of who she was. This had been an act of desperation and she knew it. An attempt to feel something. And while arousal and lust were definitely squeezing her stomach into a tangled knot, that was nothing new. Seven years out of a broken engagement and her hand wasn't quite getting the job done anymore. Rosalie passed a room with a large circular bed in the middle of it. A woman lay in the center, sprawled out before a room of onlookers. Another woman was perched at the head of the bed, on spread knees that put her on display just as much as the woman in front of her. With slow, sensual moves, the dark-skinned beauty on the bed arched her back up to flick her tongue at the sheer panties that barely covered the curvy woman kneeling over her. Rosalie's pulse rose with each stroke of that long, pink tongue. She'd never been with a woman and hadn't really harbored any secret desires but watching the way they manipulated each other's bodies had Rosalie's mind wandering. Maybe her ex-fiancé hadn't been lacking skill so much as lacking the proper equipment. Maybe if he had a clit and breasts he might've known what to do with them. The woman on the bed was wearing a lace body suit with intricate cutouts that at first glance made her look as though she was covered in tattoos. The scrolling swirls of lace accented the dark points of her aroused nipples and directed everyone's attention to the thin strip of hair between her legs that glistened with moisture. Sharp gasps and moans punctuated the air as the woman kneeling writhed in ecstasy. Her breasts bounced free atop the open cup design of her bra and she stroked a hand across her nipples, her other hand steadying her on the bed. Pressing her pussy closer to the dedicated tongue beneath her, the woman kneeling lowered herself to allow deeper access to her partner. Once again the sounds in the room pervaded Rosalie's focus as people paired off or just reached for whomever was closest. She was shocked and emboldened by the acts of abandon that surrounded her and almost immediately chastised herself for being shocked. That's exactly why she was here. To be shocked. To be shocking. To do something no one would ever expect of her. And yet she left the room. Pressing her bare back to the wall in the next room, she took in a deep breath and closed her eyes. Just because she wanted to do something that society deemed unacceptable didn't mean it was without risk or consequence. And for someone who adhered to what society expected of her since birth, it was a hard notion to shake. Opening her eyes, Rosalie glanced around the quiet room. It was dark, darker than the other rooms, which made it almost pitch black. She waited against the wall, willing her nerve to come back. Willing it to give her the courage to reenter one of those other rooms and touch someone. Maybe cup her hand over a straining erection or even slip into her own panties and add to the voyeuristic art all around her. As her eyes adjusted to the dim light, Rosalie noticed an elegant velvet chair a few feet away. Her dangerously high heels didn't make a sound as she stepped onto a large area rug. Sinking into the chair, she traced her fingers along the subtle scrolling pattern wrapped around its arms and felt her heartrate slow. There was always something about patterns and focusing on the details that had allowed Rosalie to calm her nerves and reevaluate her surroundings. At least it'd always worked in med school. After a few more deep breaths, Rosalie became aware of low sounds coming from the corner of the room. It wasn't as empty as it had first appeared. There were whispers, soft words being exchanged. The room had no windows but a handful of candlelit sconces high on the wall that did little more than cast a hazy glow around the room. Accents of gold and silver sparked as the flames danced seductively. It was how Rosalie had noticed the dark red chair with its gold accents. Her fingers continued to follow the grooves along the arms of the chair, picking up speed as she caught a glint of light reflecting off of something in the corner. An earring. Now that she had a frame of reference, Rosalie could make out the couples' movement. They were on a piece of furniture that was larger than the chair she sat in because the woman with the diamond earring was straddling a man. There was no room for such activity in Rosalie's chair but this couple didn't seem to have any restrictions. The low timbre of the barely audible voice had tipped her off that there was a man in the room but only now could she make out his large hands stroking the naked back of the woman. Their talking gave way to a swallow, a lick and a sigh. Kissing. Between those sounds came a few louder groans and gasps until the unmistakable slip of skin against skin. A whisper of slick friction and then another cry and a whimper. Rosalie dropped her head back and let her own deep breathes turn into something more. Exhaling loud enough to be heard, Rosalie noticed only the slightest shift from the corner but they didn't stop. If anything, they seemed to shift because a thin rim of light outlined their bodies now, giving credence to everything Rosalie had been hearing. The woman rose up on the man's lap before