Well I lied. Even I'm surprised at how soon this came. For all those who follow/favorite me, you already know, this is the SYOC story I've been working on. This is chapter one. Word count standing at 3,132. Not much, but its a start. Sorry if this first chapter is boring, I'll start introducing everyone in the next couple of chapters. So enjoy. Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HOO. Rick Riordan does. Chapter 1 Four years. It's been four years since the Second Gigantomachy. Even the monsters that came out to terrorize the demigods and mortals seemed to have calmed down. It was all thanks to the sacrifice of the son of Hephaestus, Leo Valdez, that Gaea was even defeated. Not many had died during that war, a contrast to the Second Titanomachy, where many demigods on both sides had lost their lives. There was a lot of mourning after the war, however, to the surprise of everyone on the council, especially Hephaestus, and anger of Zeus and Hades, Leo had survived. There was quite an uproar amongst the council on whether or not he should've been killed/punished or not. After some good convincing from most of the council, Zeus and Hades swore on the River Styx to not kill Leo, since he did technically beat Gaea. So not only did he bring himself back using the Physician's Cure, much to Apollo's chagrin, but he had traveled to Ogygia and made it safely to Camp Half-Blood, where he was at first met with some hostility from the stunt he had pulled, but was then given a warm welcome by everyone in camp. As was mentioned earlier, everything was peaceful. However... "I've stated it once, and I'll state it again! I HATE cereal, Demeter! Why is that such a problem?!" shouted Hades. Demeter gave a grandmother scowl. "You see? YOU SEE THIS?! This is why you are unfit to be with my daughter! You are not good enough for her! You are a horrible influence on my beautiful angel!" Yes, it was the 'cereal' argument between Hades and Demeter. It was one of the many arguments that was currently going on in the Council Room of Mt. Olympus. Athena was already getting a massive headache from it all, and the Winter Solstice meeting had only just begun. "Oh hon, I have the perfect man for you. He's tall and-" Aphrodite began, but was cut off by Artemis. "Three thousand years Aphrodite, and you still can't get it through that brain of yours!" Artemis gave a mocking bark of laughter "if you have one. I. DO. NOT. WANT. A. MAN. Men are disgusting, stupid, filthy pigs who use woman and only crave to satisfy their lustful desires." When she finished, she seemed a little proud for some reason. Aphrodite snorted and rolled her eyes. "Ugh, you're such a prune." Artemis's face turned red. "Well at least I'm not a whore!" Aphrodite's face also became red, and their argument would only stretch on from there. For once, Athena wasn't arguing with her rival and uncle, Poseidon. They had reached a compromise of sorts. They still disliked each other, but had matured and looked past their differences. The last two wars had done that to them, the same goes for the other gods as well. Unfortunately, they hadn't changed that much. Hestia ignored it all, happily keeping the hearth as strong as ever. Athena admired her aunt. She seemed to have an unbreakable will that no one could damage, and was such a kind hearted, optimistic, pacifist. Athena looked over to her left, where her uncle and father were arguing as to had a better son. They hadn't had this argument in decades. "Did your son defeat Cronus? No? Than this conversation is meaningless!" Poseidon triumphed. Zeus's form briefly switched to Jupiter. "Jackson didn't even defeat our father! It was Hermes's traitorous brat! My son actually did defeat a Titan! The Titan Crius, and led the entire Twelfth Legion to victory! So, ha brother! What do you have to say for yourself now?" Poseidon growled. Athena rubbed her aching head. This meeting wasn't helping her at all. The fact that she had lost a significant amount of power during the wars didn't help sooth it. And the slight mention of her Roman half-brother was causing her head to hurt badly. She had an actual concern she wanted to address, but with this massive migraine, she couldn't remember what it was. She'd have to think about it later, after the Winter Solstice had finished. ... Traveling back to her palace on Olympus, as she opened the door, she suddenly remembered what it was she wanted to address. She nearly banged her head against the wall. How could she forget? It was concerning the two most recent wars that had occurred. Two great prophecies happening in the same decade was frightening, and very concerning. After the war, she decided to do some research, along with asking help from her closest sister, Artemis, for her to do some investigation work across the globe. She had been getting multiple signs that something far worse might start approaching, and very soon too. She made the decision to not alarm any of the other Olympians. The reason for this being was that it wouldn't be very wise to alert them just yet. Normally, it would have, but the gods would either ignore it, or do something drastic that would only make things worse. Hearing it from her, they might actually take action, which again, wasn't the wisest thing to do right now. No, instead, she had a better idea, which was what the gods had technically been doing for the past three thousand years: thrust it into the hands of demigods. But she wouldn't just shove this important task to the camps or one specific demigod. No, she'd create a team, a small group of powerful demigods that would serve her, and by extension, Olympus as well. "But who to choose...?" she muttered. That was the hard part. There were so many demigods out there in the world, all with something unique that would make them a valuable asset to Olympus. She searched through her library, looking for a certain book. Her eyes widened when her hands finally found a a large, dusty, old looking book. She climbed down the ladder, knocked away all papers and books she been researching earlier, and set it down. She turned on the lamp, and opened the book. She flipped page by page, hoping to find potential candidates. She spent days in there, but for a goddess like herself that was nothing. So far, she had found no one. Now, normally, she was always one for patience. But in this current situation? Not so much. Athena growled and tossed the damn book into the air, so frustrated she was thinking about using the son of Poseidon as her personal punching bag. After all, she still wasn't completely over the fact that he was courting her daughter. "Curse it all!" Maybe she should've just told the council about her suspicions, and hoped for the best. She was about to go have her nymphs make her some tea, but then the book landed on the table with an audible thud , creating a rather dramatic echo throughout her library. Curiously, she stalked over to her desk, and saw the demigod in her book. He looked rather average, handsome, well built and somewhat tall. He had dark colored hair, and appeared to be around eighteen. But none of that was what caught her attention. Not even the darkness and maturity present in his eyes. No, in fact, it was the color of the young man's eyes that caught her attention. "It couldn't be...she broke her oath?..." Yes, there was no doubt, she was his mother. Those amethyst orbs were too familiar. She smirked a little. Perhaps she did have one candidate. "This should be interesting..." She left her palace, preferring to take the long way down to the mortal world for once. With a snap of her fingers, her outfit changed to something more formal and business appropriate. She would have an interesting talk with her sister. ... Athena was currently waiting outside of a Starbucks, a tea in one hand and a coffee in the other. She always figured her sister would prefer coffee over tea. With cream and sugar too. She glanced down at her watch. She was 10 minutes late. Her eye twitched. If she didn't show up, she'd drag her from Oly- "Forgive me my lady. I had some matters that needed to be taken care of." Athena's irritation left her when she appeared next to her. The woman was somewhat tall, like herself, standing at 5'8. She wore white Nike running shoes, tight Nike navy blue sweatpants with a matching Nike sweater, with the sleeves rolled up. Under it, she wore a white wife beater, showing some cleavage from her B-cup size chest. She was pretty in the face, tan, and a brunette. If you looked closely enough, you could see her beautifully fit body. It'd make you question whether or not if she did boxing. What really made her fully recognizable was her eyes. Purple, but not like Dionysus. No, instead of madness, you could see destruction in its most purest form if looked closely at. Athena smiled. "Hello Enyo. It has been awhile." she said, handing her the coffee. She took a small sip, and nodded. "That it has my lady." Athena rolled her eyes. "You don't have to address me as 'my lady' when we're not in front of the other gods you know. I've told you that already." Enyo smirked. "Well then, Athena , I hope you know that the sugar was unnecessary." the beverage glowed, and was now sugarless. Enyo took another sip and sighed in content. "Perfect. So sister, lets cut to the chase. Why'd you call me over? Its been quite awhile since we've talked." True. The last time they had talked to each other, Enyo stomped off, angry at Athena for accusing her braking the oath she made. So what if she slept with all those men? She wasn't getting pregnant wasn't she? Well, at least that's why Athena thought Enyo was angry. But now she knew Enyo wasn't angry. No, she was scared of being found out . So, instead making some sort of excuse, she decided to just skip the bullshit. She sipped her tea, and said "Have you ever heard of an 'Ethan Comstock' before?" Enyo froze. 'She couldn't have found out. Could she?' Quickly recomposing herself as best as she could, she said "Oh? Ethan Comstock? I don't think I recognize that name sister." She took another sip, hoping the hot drink would calm her down. But Athena kept pushing. "Really? Are you sure you've never met him before? Are you sure your last encounter with him was not on, let us say, near the beginning of June, almost 17 years ago?" Enyo gritted her teeth. That confirmed it. Athena fucking knew. "You know something? Lets cut the bullshit. How do you know about Zachary?" Her voice was hard and demanding, like that of a military officer. "Ah, so you admit you broke your oath." " Tell me now! " she hissed. Athena materialized her book. "This is all you need to know." They stood there in silence for a moment. Finally, Athena spoke up. "I do intend to tell father," cracks appeared on the concrete ground, caused by Enyo's ever growing anger. "however, it isn't for the reason you think. He's special, and very much needed for something. Once I announce it to father, and mention Zachary will be apart of it, I'm sure he'll oversee your sin enough to let your son live. And , enough to give you a lighter punishment." Enyo scoffed. "I don't give a damn about the punishment, I just want my son