Disclaimer :This is a work of fanfiction. All recognisable characters in this work belongs to esteemed writer Johannes Katherine Rowling. I don't own Harry Potter. This is Alternate Universe. Characters are slightly OOC. Dimensional travelling! Harry. Rune Master and Elemental! Harry. Powerful MOD! Harry. Alive! Parents. No decided pairings. Request: English isn't my first language. So please bear with the horrible grammar and terrible storywriting skills. Need a beta. So if anyone's interested please PM me. Year 2010, Grimmauld Place, Islington, London, England. I calmly entered this property in search of the bastard who was supposed to be my master. A small deviation on the month of May fifteen years ago caused my work to be doubled and I have to work overtime these days. Thankfully receded two years ago but I foresaw something that would threaten my existence after few years. I here to nip it in bud so to say. Ah, forgot to introduce myself. I am Death, one of the oldest and most powerful being in the entire universe. Came to existence when life was first created in this world. My job is to transfer the souls of dead to Limbo or after life. Tiring work but hey it's the only reason I exist. War, a small word but has major effects. My most hated time during my job. Too much work and too much destruction. Never knew why the hell humans are hell bent on killing each other. They look for simple and silly reasons to fight and create new ways to increase my job. I hate warmongering imbeciles, manipulative bastards and manipulated fools above all (well I guess I hated all humans as they fall in one category or the other) My likes are peaceful times, untouched natural places and cute girls (don't you dare call me a pervert). Don't have any hobbies as the work is highly stressful. Being around since the beginning with nothing but transporting souls I started observing the lives of interesting humans. Two things concerning humans are always consistent about. First as I mentioned before their thirst for war and their coming up innovative way to kill each other. I loathe that kind. The second type are my favourite. Even in most desperate times and after loosing everything they manage to stagger even with tears streaming down their faces. I usually entertain myself watching their lives in my free time (something that I craved for but didn't have on my hands). In this list I have many people but my personal favourite in this dimension is certainly my Master, Harry James Potter. The most resilient person I knew. Fellow endured a lot. Parents killed at age of few months by a manic obsessed with immortality. Delivered as nothing more than milk carton to his relatives who treated him worse than a slave. Manipulated and raised as a hog for slaughter by the person he trusted most. Watched a person close to father figure, his surrogate family, his best friends die at the hands of followers of his nemesis. Saw one of his friend join the other side out of humiliation and jealousy, killed his sister figure and his other best friend. No use thinking about the past because if he accepts my proposal, I have faith that if he will, the future I predicted will not see light. Hope he doesn't reject it, if he did I'll just have to be selfish. Thinking along these lines I walked towards the person drinking fire whiskey oblivious to my entry inside this place. I took a good look at the man before me. A tall man with lean build, messy dark jet black hair with pale skin, visible skin scarred from many battles. He is currently wearing a dark ink green robe with wand in one hand(glass in another one), some knives hidden in his boots and a gun in his belt. Even his breathing is low and calculated, ready to fight at moment's notice. His war-hardened almond green eyes are staring forlornly into the fireplace. After casting a spell on myself, not wanting to startle him too much, I cleared my throat to inform him of my presence. Startled, despite my best efforts, he quickly pointed his wand towards me. I rose my hands to convey that I meant him no harm. "Who are you?" He questioned hesitantly taking in my appearance. "From whom did you learn the secret behind Fidelius Charm of this place. How the hell did you bypass the wards of this place? Raise your sleeves, hands where I can see them . I created a failsafe to destroy the magical capabilities of a person with an order so don't try anything funny." He barked out harshly. I felt strong probe into my mind. Brat must be trying to use Leglimacy on me. I know it's useless and judging by the scowl on his face I guess he too learned that fact. Not to aggravate him further I did as he requested and replied calmly "Hello Master" I drawled out "I am known by many , Ereshkigal, Jeoseung Sacha, Hel, Thanatos etc to name a few." I paused and continued "But you can call me Death." 3rd Person POV Number Twelve Grimmauld Place (The Headquarters of the Order of Phoenix). In his short albeit eventful life, Harry went through many strange situations courtesy of the manipulative old coot, bastard Dark Lord and his imbecilic followers. Heard and witnessed many irrational theories and eccentric personalities. At the Battle of Hogwarts, Harry witnessed death of one of his best friends Neville Longbottom at the hands of his Tri-wizard co-champion Cedric Diggory, preventing the death of Nagini, all of it went to hell from that point and Harry and his friends went hiding. The deaths of his friends spurred his rage and he began training under remaining members of the Order of the Phoenix learning everything he can get his hands on. During years before the final confrontation with his prophesied nemesis, Harry learnt how to control the nature from Babylonian ancient texts. It was incomplete but even the basic principles were deadly in battle. Elemental transformation requires perfect control over both magic and mind and it is the pinnacle of wandless magic and it drastically improved his control of both his magic and Occlumency barriers. It paid off during final confrontation but Harry still lost his best friend Ronald Weasley to last living Death Eater, Rodolphous Lestrange. The entire army of Lord Voldemort we gradually destroyed leaving him alone according to the reports. So Harry after conducting a perimeter check engaged the bastard and gave instructions to his friend who was under Disillusionment Charm to finish off the snake if he saw any opening. Using the Hawthorn wand with Unicorn hair he won from Draco during his imprisonment, he fought the Dark Lord and they were equally matched until the core of the wand burned out unable to bear the density of Harry's magic. The Dark Lord then gloated about his inevitable victory and set his pet loose on him. Harry immediately bound him with earth elemental transformation giving Ron a chance to cut off the head of the final Horcrux. Ron then cast a Disarming charm on Voldemort but was hit by Killing Curse by Lestrange who must be dead according to the reports we received. This mistake proved fatal for his friend. Harry took the Elder Wand to kill both of them. The war is finally over. Harry felt that after the Death of the Dark Lord he might have peaceful life. But two years after the Death of Dark Lord all of that went out of the f****ng window by the visit of the stranger. Even to this day Harry thinks the second chance given to him might be a dream. It started out as a normal day. After going the Burrow for the weekly visit to remaining Weasleys through Floo. He then went to Millwall to meet Tonks' family. Andromeda will have his head if he didn't visit. Spotted by accident to one of the paparazzi and apparated before he got chance to shout out his name. Returned home and after reinforcing the wards, he took a bottle of Firewhisky and began reminiscing about lost friends while sipping the liquid in his hands when he heard someone behind him he immediately pointed his wand towards the intruder. Harry's first impression of the man is that he is freakishly tall even taller than Hagrid, so half-giant probably. He wore a dark black three piece suit with grey shirt and charcoal black dress pants. Harry felt fear but didn't let it show on his face. Only the remaining members of The Order of Phoenix knew the secret behind Fidelius Charm. No dark wizard can attempt to coerce the disclosure by means of Veritaserum, Legilimency, the Cruciatus Curse or the Imperius Curse. But same cannot be said in case of blackmail. Harry knew no member in The Order of the Phoenix would disclose the secret to a stranger without informing him beforehand. Harry may be powerful but he isn't a fool. This stranger is skilled in wards and Harry knew if he chose the intruder would have killed him before he could even have reacted. He is able to dismantle the wards guarding this place without alerting him and Harry sincerely hoped that he is not that skilled in combat and Occlumency or he might not be enemy (no Dark Mark is present on his exposed hand) and hoped that fail-safes are not destroyed. 'He could be son of a giant who sided with Lord Voldemort seeking revenge for death of his parent. Or some fan-boy whom we rescued from bigoted part-human hating pure blood. Assassination attempts are neither new for me nor fans who have no value for personal space. Either way he is exceptionally talented to get a drop on me even when I had alcohol running in my system. Not to mention that he bypassed the wards without alerting him. I knew that he didn't meant me any harm as he could have easily killed me as I was unaware, but years of paranoia can't be suppressed easily. (Or he might be like an idiotic Death Eater who wanted to gloat and defeat me and kill me who knows).' Harry thought wistfully. But the answer he received threw everything out of the window. The intruder claimed to be Death. Harry wondered if he missed any joke in that statement and his present companion called him Master on top of it. Harry carefully checked for any hallucinogens in the bottle (Blacks are known for their twisted sense of humour.) And Harry has good alcohol tolerance. So he thought the intruder might be an illusion or a playing a practical joke.. Or he might be after the gifts created by Death himself. The Deathly Hallows, the gifts from death is one of the oldest tales of the wizarding world, an open invitation for humans to become Master of one of the strongest entities in the universe. To this day Harry remembered that story. Three brothers, travelling along a lonely, winding road at twilight reached a deep treacherous river where anyone who attempted to swim or wade would drown. Learned in the magical arts, the brothers conjured a bridge with their wands and proceed to cross. Halfway though the bridge, a hooded figure stood before them. The figure was the enraged spirit of Death, cheated of his due. Death cunningly pretended to congratulate them and proceeds to award them with gifts of their own choosing. The eldest brother, a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence. Death granted his wish by fashioning the Elder Wand from a branch of a nearby elder tree standing on the banks of the river. The second brother, an arrogant man, chose to further humiliate death, and asked for the power to recall the deceased from the grave. Death