Author's Note This first chapter was written as a one-shot entry for the 2011 TwiFicDataBase's Fornicatin' Father's Day Contest. It was the First Place Fan Favorite Winner! It also was awarded the Host's Choice and Best Lemon! With much encouragement from my readers, the story has become a multi-chapter fic as of September 15, 2011. Summary of the one-shot: What if Carlisle and Esme were granted the one wish that was always out of reach? The Cullen's learn that Renesmee isn't the only type of miracle that exists in the world. This Father's Day, Carlisle has a new reason to celebrate, and revels in the delights of the changes in his wife. Carlisle's POV There was a gentle hum of conversation and video games as I walked through the front door, happy to be home after a long and busy night at the hospital. I set down my medical bag by the stairs before popping into the living room to greet my children. "Happy Father's Day, Carlisle," Alice said before I was even fully into the room. I grinned at her inflection. "Thank you, Alice," I said, not making any attempt to hide my pride. A round of the same call came from Edward, Rosalie, Emmett, Jasper, and Bella. I looked around for the other members of our family. It must have been too early. "She's sleeping, Carlisle," Edward spoke quietly from across the living room on the couch with Bella at his side. Emmett's eyes never left the screen as he challenged Jasper to some fighting video game, their wives watching their every move. Alice's face reflected every next move before it happened. "She's resting up, Dad," Emmett said with a chuckle. "She wants to make sure you have a great Father's Day." "Emmett, shut up," Jasper said, as he tossed the controller to his wife. She was expecting it and caught it, knocking out Emmett's character with few flicks of the buttons. "That's not fair!" Emmett whined as Jasper approached me and Edward jumped up to speak to me as well. I turned to exit back out into the foyer with my two sons at my heel. We crossed the hall into the office. "Do you have anything to report? Is she okay?" I asked anxiously. Edward grinned. "She's fine, Dad. Jasper just wanted to give Emmett a well-deserved hard time." "She's emitting nothing but happiness. No bad dreams tonight," Jasper confirmed. "Definitely not. When I've peeked in on her dreams there has been nothing but mirth," said Edward. "That's a relief to hear," I said as I felt calmer without Jasper's assistance. "I think it was just a phase, Carlisle. She had a bout of worry and it manifested itself in her dreams. She's been feeling fantastic for several weeks," assured Jasper. "Renesmee is going to be up soon, so Bella and I are heading out." "And the rest of us will give you and Esme some space this morning," added Jasper. "Thank you. If there's nothing else, then I'm going to head upstairs." I followed them out into the hall and stopped Edward. "Happy Father's Day, Son." He grinned and gave me a hug. "Thanks, Dad, and same to you. Just wait until next year." "I'm pretty happy and blessed this year and have been for many years," I assured him. Edward chuckled. "Go see Mom. She'll be waking up soon." I nodded and headed for the stairs. For more than ninety years the only Cullens to ever sleep were Bella Cullen when she first joined this family, and then my unique granddaughter who actually required it. How strange it was that after all this time, my wife now required rest. Renesmee had been a miracle that was beyond our wildest imaginations. The thought of her being able to exist, that such a creature could be created, had not crossed my mind or my path in more than three hundred sixty years of existence. She bewildered us all and seemed, in many ways, to restore the idea of faith to different degrees in my children and my wife. This latest miracle not only further instilled that faith, but was a confirmation of things way beyond our realm of understanding. We knew from our friend Nahuel that very few hybrids existed, and other than Renesmee, Nahuel and his sisters were the only ones. We didn't expect there to be an evolutionary step beyond these few beings. What did we know? Earlier this year we had ventured to South America to visit our friends. Renesmee had been excited to spend time with Nahuel. There was a special bond between them formed by their rareness. Nahuel and Huilen had not been alone when we found them. Senna, Zafrina, and Kachiri had been there to greet us as well, along with Nahuel's half-sister Maysun, whom we had not met before. Maysun was cautious at first, but as all do, she quickly warmed up to our granddaughter. It was only then that she was willing to share with us her secret, and it was one that confounded us all. Maysun had a daughter. Unbeknownst to Joham or Nahuel, Maysun had mated with a male vampire named Chisisi and had become pregnant sixty years ago. She didn't understand at first why her body was changing, but she and Chisisi quickly realized that the only explanation was that she was with child. Her pregnancy was rather human like, and she carried the child for nine months. From the moment her daughter, Khalida, entered this world Maysun knew she was special, and soon realized she had powers beyond anything Maysun or Chisisi had ever seen. Maysun was frightened for how Joham would react to Khalida and sent her away with Chisisi for her own protection. Only recently had the three been reunited, and she brought them both to South America to meet her half-brother, the family that she seemed to trust more than her father. Khalida had taken nearly twenty years to mature. She may be the most powerful creature I have ever met. The only word I can use to describe Khalida is magical. She's three-quarters vampire and one quarter human, and her gifts are supernatural. She is beautiful, warm and kind. She has a grace and calmness about her, and she was drawn immediately to my wife. More than any other member of my family, it was Esme that she befriended and was most curious about. I wasn't privy to all their conversations, but from what Esme has told me, one night Khalida asked her what she would wish for if she could have one wish come true. There had always been one thing she desired that I could not give her: a child. She said the conversation ended with Esme telling Khalida that she accepted that having a child was not possible. Khalida's response was that she was granting her the gift of what she most desired and wished her a good evening. The conversation left Esme a bit bewildered. She wondered if something was slightly off in Khalida's mind. The next day, Esme and I left our family to head to Isle Esme for a week before returning to Forks. We spoke in length about our interactions with our friends on the first part of the trip, but she did not tell me about Khalida's wish granting because by then she had decided it was nonsense. Within a few weeks of returning home, something was off with Esme. She just didn't seem herself. One afternoon she went up the stairs with a load of freshly laundered bedding. An hour later I was reading the newspaper. Bella was working with Renesmee on improving their Portuguese language skills with Jacob napping nearby on the couch. Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper and Alice had gone to the movies. Edward was tinkering at the piano, when he started laughing. "What's so funny?" Bella called out in Portuguese before I could ask the question. "I'm sorry. It's Esme. Her mind is wandering in a very strange fashion." He looked over at me. "Has she said anything about trying her hand at caricatures?" "No, although I'm sure she would be very good at it." "She's thinking about animated versions of the family. It's quite peculiar, and she seems to be focused on that and nothing else." I folded up the paper. "I think I'll go find out why she's making cartoon characters out of us." I called her name gently as I approached our room, but received no response. The door was open, and I was surprised when I found her lying on our bed in the middle of the afternoon. "Esme, Edward said you are having some very animated thoughts, and I came to see why you are thinking about us in terms of cartoons." There was no response. The piano playing downstairs stopped. "Esme?" She didn't move. I rushed to the bed, calling her name again. Edward entered the room. Her eyes were closed and her mouth hung loose. I shook her shoulder gently as I would to rouse a patient. Her eyes slowly blinked open, and she looked surprised to see me. "Honey, are you sneaking up on me?" "No, I called your name several times." What was wrong with her? "Carlisle, she was asleep," Edward said gravely. "That's not possible," I hissed. He knew vampires could never sleep. "Edward, what are you talking about?" Esme asked. She tried to justify herself. "I just lay down for a moment. I just felt a little weary." "You were dreaming for several minutes." Edward's phone alerted him that he had a text message. He looked annoyed as he grabbed it to check it. His expression changed to one of surprise. "Alice says stay calm. Carlisle, don't freak out. Esme is going to be more than fine. She's on her way home." "She was asleep," I said in disbelief as I took my wife's hand. "We can't sleep." Edward's phone beeped again. "Alice says she's running home. Carlisle, no freaking out." Esme was looking at me with a puzzled expression. She wanted an answer, and I couldn't give her one. The only time I had seen vampires appear to lose consciousness was when dealt a deadly blow, and even then, it was thought that their minds were still coherent. She was asleep. Bella appeared in the doorway. It was obvious that she had heard the commotion. "Esme, are you alright?" she asked, pushing past Edward to get to us. "I…" She didn't know what to say. "I feel mostly normal. I've felt weary recently, but that happens sometimes, right? Edward says I was dreaming…" She looked to me again. I didn't know what to say. We heard the front door bang, and Alice flew into the room, slamming to a stop, grinning from ear to ear. "Khalida is coming!" she declared. "What does that have to do with Esme?" I yelled much louder than I would have liked, but it did nothing to change Alice's mood. "It has everything to do with Esme's condition," she practically sang. "I can tell you the condition, but Khalida is going to explain to you how it came to be." "What condition?" How could any condition Esme was suffering make Alice so thrilled? I looked to Edward who already knew what was in Alice's mind. He appeared to be in shock. "Edward? Alice?" I pleaded. Alice giggled and bit her lip. "Usually it's the doctor that says this." My patience was gone. "Alice!" She took a deep breath and smiled. "Khalida will have to explain the how, but Dr. Cullen, Mrs. Cullen, you are having a baby." "Alice! That's not funny!" Esme yelled. The tension and worry had sunk in for her. I wrapped my arm around her shoulder. "Mom, I'm not joking," she said, finally serious. "I wouldn't do that to you. I know it's what you want more than anything. I wouldn't joke about such a thing. You're pregnant, and