"Esme, open your eyes," I felt a hand wrapped around mine from the source of a musical and still familiar voice. Was it the same voice I heard in the dark before? I opened my eyes to stunning vision. I was looking straight up at a ceiling but I could see every detail – every bump in the plaster and every facet of light coming from the overhead lamp. It was incredible. It was like my eyes were now microscopes. Had I been given entry into heaven? I wasn't expecting it to have a ceiling. I remembered then the fingers entwined in mine and the voices. I went to sit up. I looked toward my hand and followed the arm up to the face. I gasped as the most handsome face came into view, a face so beautiful that I hadn't forgotten it for ten years, a face that my memory hadn't begun to do justice. I went to speak the only thing that came to mind, but a voice that I didn't recognize spoke instead - "It's you." My mind seemed to be awakened. I felt like I was taking in too much – thinking too fast. I must be dead. This had to be heaven. He must have died too. He hadn't changed at all. I barely remembered a daydream about him growing old with his wife and children but he must have perished not long after he left Columbus. "You remember me?" I nodded, "Doctor Cullen." What was wrong with my voice? I felt my mouth moving, my lips pronouncing his name, but it was too fast and it didn't sound like me. His other hand rested on top of mine and I felt not just his touch but his skin and every facet of it. Was this the enlightenment of heaven? Every sense enhanced so completely? "Miss Platt?" My eyes had wandered back to his hand but now returned to his face. I felt the urge to touch it, to see if he was real but I held back. I took in every fine line and detail – the curve of his eyebrows and every hair that they were made of, his cheekbones, the tip of his nose, his eyelashes and those eyes, butterscotch like I remembered, that looked so concerned. "Although I noticed the ring so I know Miss Platt is incorrect." "Esme, please call me Esme." I felt parched as I spoke. I was incredibly thirsty. "Esme, I'm Carlisle Cullen." "That's what the C stands for." I said to myself more than I said it to him. His expression changed from concerned to slightly amused. "Yes and this is Edward." The other voice. I looked at the beautiful young bronze haired man standing back several feet, his eyes filled with the concern that had been on Carlisle's face a moment before. I heard a crack as I threw my arms around him. I didn't know how I had gotten to him so fast but he was here. I wasn't expecting him grown but he was here. My chest was sobbing but something about it felt hollow, like air moving but not breathing. I felt nothing falling from my eyes as I buried my face in his shoulder. I was in heaven. Edward was in my arms again. I held him tightly and I heard a noise, was it a wail erupting from me? One of his hands was pressed to my back while the other brushed over my hair. He shushed me gently, soothing me as I cried. I was with him. God had forgiven me. Finally he gently spoke, "I'm sorry Esme but I'm not who you think I am." He only knew me as mama and Anne. He was confused. He was my son. "I'm not confused. My name is Edward but I'm not your son." He let me go and pulled back slightly, lifting my chin to look in his eyes, eyes that were the same hue as Carlisle's. "You're not in heaven." The pain of those two statements felt like a hole punched through my chest. If he wasn't my Edward and this wasn't heaven, "Where am I then?" What was going on? Was I still alive? Why was my throat on fire? "She's thirsty." Edward said over my shoulder to Carlisle. "Of course she is," Carlisle spoke quickly. I could hear tension in his words. "Are you alright?" "I'll heal." "Esme," my head whipped around, almost throwing me off balance. What was wrong with me? Was I sick? Was that why my throat enflamed? I looked at the doctor for answers. Maybe he was really my doctor but how could that be? He hadn't aged. "Esme, I know you are confused and I know your throat is burning. I will explain everything." "Am I sick?" My words again coming out so quickly that it sounded like one syllable but Carlisle understood. "No, you have been changed." "Changed?" What does he mean, changed? "You were near death when some men found you and brought you to the hospital in Ashland. I received you." His voice was so calming but forthright. I couldn't get past the question that was truly nagging me, "How come you haven't aged?" He stumbled for a moment and looked toward Edward. I glanced at him too but his eyes were set on Carlisle's. "Don't look at me. Talk to her." "I haven't aged in a long time. Esme as soon as I saw you I remembered treating you nearly ten years ago, August 1911. You were so spirited, so happy. I don't know how you ended up in the bottom of that cliff and there will be time for that later. Your injuries were fatal but I was able to save you." "If they were fatal…" my voice trailed off. Where was I? What does he mean that he hasn't aged? "You are still on earth. I haven't changed because I'm immortal. I'm a vampire and I did what I had to do to save you." Again my mind was moving at an excessive pace. If he was a vampire and saved me…I looked toward Edward. He nodded. I reached into my memories trying to think of references of vampires but it was like trying to find a penny at the bottom of a in a murky lake. My mind while so clear, my memories seemed so distant. I remembered there was a poem…Rudyard Kipling…I couldn't wrap my mind around the words. I kept searching…Jonathan Harker…Mina…Count Dracula. "She's read Stoker." "How did you know-" "Edward has a gift," Carlisle interrupted. "He can see your thoughts." "Is he a vampire too?" I heard skepticism in my tone, but Carlisle ignored it. "Yes, I changed him as well." "Changed me?" I looked down. I was wearing a white nightgown I didn't recognize. My hands looked different. I lifted them to examine them. My nails looked perfect. My skin color had changed. It was pale, almost white compared to the tan I usually wore. I shook my head. This couldn't be real. "It's a story! A work of fiction. Vampires don't exist." "I assure you we do." He never wavered as he spoke. I was choking on my own throat. "Please can I have some water?" "Water won't help," Edward said. Did he just snicker? "Esme," Carlisle said, pulling my focus away from Edward. "I will explain everything to you. I promise. B ut your thirst is going to become unbearable, make you uncontrollable if we don't get you fed." "But if what you say is true…" Lines of the story ran through my mind, the wives attacking Harker, the death of Lucy… Edward was on my other side taking my other hand. How did he move so fast? "Yes we drink blood." "But you are not going to hurt a human being," Carlisle tried reassuring me. "We, Edward and I, do things differently. We drink the blood of animals not humans. We hunt animals." I felt weak, yet so strong at the same time but all my strength seemed to be coming from the fire that was spreading from my throat to my chest. Was the fire coming back? "Carlisle, she is losing it." Carlisle's hands clamped on my cheeks, I was staring into the depths of those incredible eyes. "Esme, trust me." I swallowed but it didn't give me any relief. I realized then that I wasn't breathing…for how long had I not been breathing? I searched his eyes and saw concern and compassion and the need to help me. I nodded, "Help me." He pulled me to my feet and was leading me out the door of the room I was in and into the hallway. I still didn't know where I was but it seemed to be a house. "This is where Carlisle and I live," said Edward on my heels answering my unspoken question as we went down a staircase. "Are we taking her out to hunt in a nightgown?" "Do you think we have time to change her?" He asked as we approached the front door. "Well nothing is going to fit her right so… Something you didn't think about." Again, I heard a bit of bitterness in Edward's voice. It was more distinguishable this time. Carlisle gave Edward a reproachful look and opened the front door. I stopped walking and looked between the two faces staring at me. I felt embarrassed. It was dark. I had no idea what time it was. Edward sighed, and went to a nearby closet, "She can ruin my coat." "Just stand still." He said as he approached me holding open the jacket. He was slipping it onto me a tenth of a second later. I reassured him, "I'll take good care of it." Edward laughed and smiled at me as he rolled up the sleeves and buttoned the front, "Oh no you won't but it's alright." I felt like a little kid. "What about my feet?" I asked as I felt air passing over the top of them. "Your feet will be fine," Edward stated. I felt agitated and I could feel my agitation increasing. "We have to go." He looked like a thought just popped in his head. "Back door." Carlisle slammed the front door closed and they were again leading me back through the house on the first floor this time, through a kitchen and out a rear door. "Esme, if you haven't noticed yet, we can move faster than humans." I had noticed but since nothing seemed real, any clarification Carlisle made would have helped my sanity at that moment. I felt something slide against my hand and next thing I knew I had Edward pinned- no, Edward had me pinned – no, I had Edward pinned on the ground. "I am sorry. Esme, focus. Let me up." I heard Edward say it but I couldn't focus on it. There were so many noises and so many scents and the air, I could see it. "Esme, please get off of Edward," I heard Carlisle demand, an authoritative tone now reigning in his voice I scrambled to my feet as Edward gracefully got to his. "Was I this bad?" I heard Edward murmur as he brushed himself off. "Worse. Esme! Stop!" I heard the words but I felt like something had latched onto my throat and was reeling me in like a fish on a hook. I had no control over my feet. They were projecting me forward and I couldn't stop. It didn't smell great but I knew whatever it was it smelled of relief. If it could make the burning go away, I would go to it. I could hear them in the distance behind me, and that only made me move faster. Whatever it was, I was getting to it first. I was getting closer and then there it was – large, dark, lumbering, and loud. I could feel its heat.