NOTE: Estel is 12 years of age and has had on ongoing friendship/mentorship with Legolas since he was four years old (as told in Never, In All My Days… ) All proverbs cited are in italics and are taken from many cultures world wide. Instruction In Youth ' Instruction In Youth Is Like Engraving In Stone' Imladris Year 2943, Third Age "Estel! Estel, it is time to get up! The sun has already showed itself above the horizon. Are you planning to sleep your life away, young one?" Legolas's voice did not manage to even stir the young human who lay fast asleep in his bed. Outside the birds were singing and movement could be heard about the Last Homely House as the household went about their morning routines. Estel also continued his own early morning routine—sleeping as late as he was allowed. And although the boy had been excited for Legolas to visit, the elf had not been able to influence the boy's habit of sleeping late. Legolas frowned at the sleeping youth. Elrond had asked him to help with Estel's instruction while he was in Imladris, as the boy looked up to the Prince from Mirkwood. Legolas had agreed as he enjoyed the boy's company. However, there was not much he could teach if the boy would not rouse himself from slumber! A mischievous emotion filled him, and he smiled an evil smile as he approached the bed. Thump. Estel found himself lying face down on the floor, his mattress having been tipped to dump him out of it. He rolled over and blinked sleepily up into a bright elven gaze. "Legolas? What did you do that for?" Estel mumbled as he yawned and stretched, frowning in annoyance at being awakened so abruptly. Reaching up, he grabbed his blanket and pulled it over himself again, curling up on the floor and closing his eyes. He had no desire to stir just yet. "If you would rather have a bucket of cool water dumped over your head, I will be happy fetch one." Legolas's cheerful voice grated on Estel's ears. He pulled the blanket over his head. It was jerked away. "Come, Estel, 'The seeds of the day are best planted in the first hour' ." Estel blinked and looked at the elf suspiciously. "What?" Since when had Legolas begun to sound like Erestor? "Legolas, what are you talking about, and why are you dragging me out of bed so early?" Legolas smiled at his young friend and shook his head. "It is not 'so early'. The sun has been up for over an hour. It is going to be a fine day!" He moved to the window and threw back the drapes, allowing the sun to shine down on Estel where he lay on the floor. Estel winced, and turned his face away from the light. "As for what I said, I was quoting one of the old proverbs. Not all learning is of swords, bows, horses, tracking and hunting, young one! There is much wisdom to be learned from the old sayings, and I fear you have yet to learn them." Estel groaned. "Adar put you up to this, didn't he?" Legolas grinned at him. "As you have failed to listen to Erestor, I have taken the task upon myself." "Erestor's lectures are boring," Estel grumbled. That was not quite true. Erestor could be entertaining when discussing a topic he found interesting, such as the history of Gondolin. But Erestor did not like proverbs, detested them, in fact, and so it had become something of a chore for his tutor to teach him, as well as for Estel to learn them. "Ah, that is because some things should be learned through life lessons, not lectures! Experience is the best teacher, after all!" "Please tell me we are not going to go watch plants grow in the garden," Estel pleaded, horror filling him at what a wood-elf would consider 'life lessons'. Legolas laughed. "No, but there is much to learn, and you will not learn it on the floor!" The elf threw Estel's clothing at him. "Get yourself washed and dressed." He frowned at the mess of the bed. "And make your bed. I will meet you in the dining hall where we will break our fast." "But Legolas," Estel whined as he rose and dragged on his leggings. "Why do I need to learn all those old sayings? They are just a bunch of pious sounding words!" Legolas snorted and shook his head, " 'All old sayings have something in them' , Estel. Much of the wisdom of the elves can be found in them. You must only learn to apply them in daily life. 'The eye never forgets what the heart has seen' . You only need to learn to see with your heart, then you will understand them." With that, Legolas left, leaving a baffled and annoyed Estel in his room to do as his friend had asked. Estel stood staring at the closed door, wanting to throw his tunic at it and crawl back into bed. But Legolas would be back and the consequences would not be pleasant. Besides, his stomach was beginning to grumble, too. He pulled his tunic over his head, and began to straighten his bedding. Learning the old sayings was not what he had planned while Legolas was here! He would have to think of some way to get Legolas's mind off these silly old proverbs and have some fun instead. But first, they would eat. - o - After breakfast, to Estel's horror, Legolas indeed led him to the gardens. Estel, still grumpy from missing a couple hours of sleep, glared at his friend. Legolas had said they were not going to spend time in the gardens. Or had he? Estel tried to remember what exactly he had asked. Something about watching plants grow? He sighed and glanced at his friend, who was looking appreciatively at the varied plants growing beside the path. Estel decided to try something that sometimes worked with Erestor: distraction and misdirection. He looked up at a bird singing on a branch not far away, and smiled. "Legolas, why do the birds always have so much to say? Do they know so much they think they need to tell everyone?" Estel looked hopefully at Legolas and waited for him to admit he did not know. "Many of Ilúvatar's creatures are so full of joy at simply being alive, they must express it. 'A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song,' Estel." Legolas glanced at the young man out of the corner of his eye, a slight smirk quirking his lips at Estel's frown. Legolas had been a master of that trick himself when he was under a tutor. Estel would have to find some other way to distract him, but Legolas would use those attempts as well. It was a teaching technique his last tutor had used: the one tutor he had not managed to drive away. The one Legolas still admired and went to for advice on occasion. "Come, let us grab our weapons. We will practice for a while. Then we will check on the horses. Perhaps pack a lunch and take a ride. Will that cheer you up some?" At Estel's wide smile, Legolas took off for the house at a run, the young man not far behind. - o - The sounds of metal against metal filled the training grounds, drawing the attention of several others, who gathered around to watch Legolas spar with Estel. The boy was a natural with a sword, though he still had much to learn in the use of his preferred weapon. The dull practice blades glinted in the morning light as Estel saw an opening and took it. But Legolas had been expecting it and blocked the blow, using the momentum to spin around and turn it into an attack of his own. Estel was caught off guard and incapable of blocking the descending blade. Legolas, seeing Estel would not block, pulled his blow, but was unable to stop the momentum completely. A strike that would have broken bone was reduced to a bruising blow on Estel's sword arm. "OW! Legolas! I told you I need chainmail when we spar like this!" He clasped his arm in pain. "That is the second strike you've landed today!" Estel complained. Legolas removed the boy's hand and checked over his arm, relieved to see it was only bruised and not seriously injured. Then he quirked one side of his mouth up into a smirk and said, " The best armor is to keep out of range ." He paused and let the proverb sink into the boy's head before continuing. "You must learn to move faster or you will never block such moves. Still, you are much improved from my last visit. You must have been practicing. It is paying off!" Legolas grinned at Estel's now beaming face. "We will stop for now. Let us go have a meal wrapped up for us and get the horses." - o - They raced to the barn from the kitchens, laughing, but drawing up by a circular enclosure to catch their breath and to watch the lesson taking place inside the fence. The elfling astride a large pony was doing well, trotting around the circle, but then seemed to lose her balance and fall to the ground. She rolled away from the pony and got to her feet, looking expectantly at the instructor. "Very good, Alassëa!" Urúvion praised. Estel gaped at the elf's words and looked at Legolas in disbelief. "Why would he praise her for falling off?" Legolas smiled. "She was practicing falling." Estel's eyes widened, remembering that painful lesson. ' It is not enough to know how to ride - you must also know how to fall' . "Yes, I know," Estel grumbled, then piped in a mimic of Elladan's voice, "One can avoid many serious injuries by learning how to fall properly." He rolled his eyes. "One could avoid even more by learning to stay on the horse!" "That is true, but you are missing the point of the proverb. It applies to more than just riding, young one." When Estel stared at him in confusion, Legolas let it go. The boy already knew many of the verses, he just did not yet understand how to apply them to his life. He would learn in time. Life had a way of teaching that no instructor could ever manage. They entered the barn and prepared their horses for a ride through the valley. Estel hoping for adventure, while Legolas hoped for more chances to instill some piece of wisdom into the stubborn boy's head. - o - It was a beautiful day for riding through the woods, Legolas thought. The sun was shining down through the trees, turning the leaves into a dappled pattern on the ground and casting shadows behind them. He turned to the boy riding beside him. "There will be many times in your life, Estel, when trouble and hard times come. Pay attention!" The boy, who had been watching a rabbit beside the path, turned to look at him. "I was listening!" "This is important, Estel." The boy inclined his head, and Legolas continued. "When those hard times come, remember this old saying, ' Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you' ." Estel blinked and frowned. "Legolas, what do the sun and shadows have to do with life's difficulties? That makes no sense!" "It makes much sense, if you would but try to understand and see things not so literally. Turn around, Estel. Look behind you." Estel did so, continuing to frown. "See the shadows?" Legolas continued. The boy nodded. "Yes, but they are just shadows…" "Even the Shadow upon Mirkwood?" Estel's frown cleared as understanding came. "You mean the