Betas: Nautika and Wimsey Part of the Undying Friendship Series Morndel by Nieriel Raina 23 F. A., Minas Tirith, Gondor Help! The call came as soon as Legolas stepped under the archway of the sixth gate, and his footsteps faltered to a stop and his head jerked around. He turned from the opening, ignoring the curious glances from the guards and open admiration displayed in the looks thrown his way by passersby, most especially the womenfolk. Even though he had settled in Gondor with his people many years ago, his kind still caused a stir among the mortal residents of the city. He scanned up and down the stone street of the sixth level, passing over insignificant doings of city life. Three women chatted gaily with one another near the Houses of Healing, one holding a basket of herbs in her arms. She probably was a leech from the Houses who had stopped to speak with passing friends. Two soldiers walked through the sixth gate, skirting him with only a passing glance and nod, their strides taking them with determination towards the seventh level. Most likely they were reporting for duty at the Tower of the Guard, as it neared the change in the Watch. Near the entrance to the seventh level, a stable boy led two horses from the stables. The blood-bay mare and grey gelding were almost certainly being led down to the Pelennor, where they could seek pasture. The horses' trembling bodies and intelligent eyes spoke to Legolas of green grass, warm sun, and clean water. But his attention focused on determining the source of the cry for assistance. It was a silent petition, yet one Legolas was more than familiar with. His gaze turned left, back towards the Houses of Healing. There was a guard standing at an iron gate, which led into a small garden where a great oak raised its head to the heavens. The oak was the oldest living tree in the city, and the tallest, towering up over the wall that surrounded the gardens, where leeches raised herbs used for healing unguents. The oak dwarfed the little yard where it resided, a place where children could play safely while family members visited those injured or ill. The tree's thick branches swept nearly to the ground, making it a popular climbing tree among the older children who visited it. Oft times, Legolas himself could also be found sitting among its branches, singing sad, but moving songs in words few understood. He hurried past the guard and into the small garden towards the tree, his eyes darting amongst the branches, looking for signs of distress. His feet slid to a stop, and his jaw dropped, however, when his gaze came to rest on a figure high in the tree. He stood there for several moments, blinking as his jaw opened and closed without a sound. Then his bright laughter echoed off the garden walls. The melodious sound brought curious guards, servants, even a lord and lady or two to stand looking strangely at him, he, a lone elf, standing in the garden under the oak, folded nearly double with laughter. His gaze never left the heights of the tree, some thirty plus feet above, as peals of laughter came from deep within his being, spilling out like music, causing many to smile. Few had heard the elf truly laugh in such a manner, and many found themselves chuckling along despite not knowing the cause of Legolas's merriment. "Blast it all, Legolas! This is not funny," a gruff voice roared from the branches of the tree, causing many of those watching to gasp, for the thick foliage hid the dwarf in the oak's branches from their view. "I demand that you do something!" The gazes of those watching shifted from the tree back to the giggling elf, who now held his sides as tears streamed down his fair cheeks. Legolas shook his head, not even attempting to hold in his amusement at the dwarf's expense. "I think not, Gimli. You got yourself into this, you shall be the one to get yourself out," he called up to his friend through his chortles. "Or down, as the case may be." A most unelvish snort came from the fair creature, and he covered his mouth and nose with one hand to still further undignified noises from escaping, all the while shaking further with laughter, his other arm still wrapped around his middle. — The breath left Gimli in rush and his eyes closed in annoyance. Slowly, he counted to ten in Khuzdul, and when his anger and embarrassment did not lesson, he counted again in Westron, followed by Sindarin. Renewed laughter came from below, and he realized he had counted out loud, even if it was muttered. Drat that elf and his hearing! His face and ears burned with further humiliation at having been caught speaking the elf's language in such a situation. With great effort, Gimli tried to adopt a calm and friendly air. "Legolas, make these people leave." There was a hard edge to his pleading voice. "And then, my friend, I kindly request you, as a wood-elf, use your irritating aptitude with plants to get me out of this tree!" "But Gimli," Legolas smirked, "why should I deprive these good people of such fabulous entertainment? It is not everyday one sees a dwarf in a tree, and even less common to see one attempt to get themselves down." Closing his eyes again, Gimli counted ten once more, making sure to do it mentally, and wondered how he had allowed himself to get into this mess. — Several hours earlier... Five-year-old Eldarion sniffed, blinking back tears that threatened to spill down his cheeks. He was not a very good prince at all if he could not take care of his pet and keep her from harm. He took a shaky breath and looked up into the oak again, pleading with Morndel to come down. But the small creature only mewed softly, frozen to her spot high in the branches. Grasping his hands around the lowest bough, he tried once more to climb into the tree, so that he might rescue Morndel from an unpleasant fate. He pushed with his toes, and pulled with his arms, but the branch was just too high for him to pull himself up. His fingers slid across the rough bark as he lost his hold, causing a burning sensation across his fingertips. A sob caught in his throat, and he sank to the ground with his back to the oak's trunk, cradling his sore hands in his lap as he let the tears fall down his cheeks. "Eldarion?" The gruff voice from above spurred the boy to open his eyes. He hastened to try to wipe the evidence of his tears away, hissing as the movement caused the raw skin on his hands to throb more. "Why are you here alone? Did you hurt yourself, lad? Let me see." A stout body lowered itself beside him. "Gimli!" Eldarion cried out, his face and body relaxing with the dwarf's presence. If there was anyone who would understand his predicament, it would be his father's good friend, Gimli. The dwarf told wonderful stories and, for some reason, was one of the few who never hushed Eldarion if he cried, but held him and allowed the tears to fall. He had overheard Legolas tease Gimli about "mothering." It was strange, since Gimli was nothing like his mother, but Legolas could be strange at times. When he was younger, he thought it was because Legolas was an elf and all elves must be strange, but he had since learned that his mother was also an elf, or mostly, so he had decided that Legolas must just be different...sort of like how his uncles were 'different'. Eldarion could not understand why Legolas thought it odd for the dwarf to like children as much as he did, but the elf seemed to think it was so. Not that Eldarion disliked Legolas — he loved the elf and the games they played. But he did find it confusing why two close friends like Legolas and Gimli argued and fought constantly. His mother, the queen, told him that if he could not get along with the other boys, they would not be allowed to play together any longer. Maybe, someone needed to tell the elf and dwarf this, so they would stop 'bickring' all the time. "Naneth is in the Houses because one of the ladies is having a baby. Only, the baby isn't coming like it should. I come here and play sometimes when she helps in the Healing Houses. Did you know Naneth's adar was a great healer? She learned a lot from him." "Aye. Lord Elrond was a great healer." Gimli picked up the boy's right hand and began to examine it. "This isn't bad, lad. Your hands will probably hurt for a bit, but the pain will lesson, and you most likely won't notice it tomorrow." The dwarf smiled, his eyes drifting over the stone wall. "I cannot tell you how many times I hurt my hands when I was a lad. In time, your hands will toughen up, and this sort of thing won't happen as easily." Looking at Eldarion's other hand, Gimli frowned. Pulling a small tool from his belt, Gimli gently began to remove a splinter of bark from the scraped palm. "Eldarion, how did this happen?" With a sigh, Eldarion leaned against the solid shoulder and buried his face in the dwarf's shirt. "Morndel won't come down! I tried and tried to get her, but I'm too little, and I hurt my hands on the tree." "Hmmm...this tree here?" A moment of hesitation, then Eldarion nodded slowly. "The tree you are not supposed to climb without an adult to assist you?" His head lowered until his chin nearly touched his chest. "But Gimli, Morndel is up there!" he declared without looking up. The dwarf's shoulder shook, Eldarion turned his head to see Gimli struggling not to laugh. "And just who is Morndel?" A smile twitched at Gimli's lips. "She was a gift from the ambass'dor of Harad. She's my new pet." Eldarion pointed up into the tree where a bundle of mostly white fur and bright green eyes masked with black huddled on a high branch gazing down at them. A long, black tail twitched behind it. "Master Wajih said she is a kitten - a baby cat. Many children in Harad have cats for pets, and they are good at hunting mice and rats once they are full grown." "A cat!" The dwarf gasped, looking up, eyes wide. Eldarion could feel the dwarf's body tense against him. "Like a lion, then? The ambassador gave the son of the king a killer for a pet!?" Instantly, Gimli was on his feet, pulling Eldarion up with him and making to leave the garden. Eldarion struggled against the hold on his arm, digging in his heels. "No! She's not like a lion, Gimli. Cats are much smaller, smaller than most dogs, even!" The dwarf stopped and looked down. "You are sure? It could be a... They could have plotted to..." Gimli stuttered to a stop, and took a deep breath. "I have seen the damage a lion can do, Eldarion. We have them not far from the Lonely Mountain. They dwell near the Iron Hills. One swipe of their horrid claws and..." "I'm sure, Gimli! Master Wajih has one of his own with him, a full grown cat. Her name is Basinah." Gimli looked doubtful, and Eldarion continued to explain. "Morndel is her kitten, and she just got old enough to leave her mother. Ada knows about it. He thought having a pet would teach me," he paused, struggling to get the big word out, "r'spons'bilty.' Nana said Morndel was cute, but I should pick another name. Ada talked her into letting