Originally posted 12/20/07, and now edited to keep the continuity of the UFS. Written for the Naked Yule Fic Challenge and for Greywing for her birthday. (Kill as many birds with one stone as you can, I say!) Greywing asked for: Glorfindel, Asfaloth and holly. Extra credit for including Erestor and Elrond and explaining why Glorfindel uses tack and how long elven horses live. Chapter 1 fits this criteria. Naked Yule criteria - The fic must include: Aragorn, Legolas and Glorfindel; a naked Elf, a horse, snow, a confession, and a Christmas image such as a star, shepherds, a manger, wisemen, Yule log, little drummer boys, etc. WARNING: nudity (non descriptive, non sexual); may be considered slightly AU as I believe elves were not completely immune from such things as allergies or illness. (based on canon but consider AU if you must) Let It Snow! By Nieriel Raina Part One A Beautiful Day or Sneezing in Spring Imladris Year 2007, 3 rd Age Spring It was such a beautiful day — too nice a day to spend inside, working. The birds were chirping, the bees buzzing in the heather. A lovely breeze caressed the new blooms in the garden. It was his favorite kind of day! Glorfindel poked his head out of the door, glanced left and right, smiled wickedly and slipped out into the hall. With the stealth of a warrior who has eluded Morgoth's spawn for centuries beyond mortal recall, he evaded any and all who might seek to waylay his steps and mission. Ahead he could see freedom — the door leading outside away from the drudgery of duty, paperwork, council meetings and him. Just another twenty paces and he would make it. Ten. Five. He opened the door, with a sigh of relief and— "Glorfindel, where are you going? The reports are not turned in, the duty rosters are not filled out and Elrond would like a word with you. Do not even think to escape this house until you have spoken with him ." Turning with controlled grace, Glorfindel eyed the one who had caught him so close to victory. "Lord Councilor," he acknowledged with a nod to his dark-haired, stern-looking nemesis standing not a stone's throw from him. Too far away to impale with his sword. He cursed inwardly. "What is that smirk for? Or do I wish to know your thoughts?" Erestor raised a brow. With a shake of his head, Glorfindel banished any desire to murder Elrond's chief councilor. After all, it was not Erestor's fault Elrond needed to see him. He closed the door and felt his shoulders sag with disappointment, but could not bring himself to draw them back to their proud places. Gloomily, he walked beside Erestor towards their lord's study, his steps slowing any time they passed a window. "Oh, by the shadows, Glorfindel! Do not sulk! You knew this would happen!" With a sheepish shrug, he glanced at his friend. "Yes, I knew, but Erestor, I do not wish to do this! Not today, not with him!" He did not miss the slight upwards quirk of Erestor's lips or the gleam in his companion's eye. Glorfindel glared back. "My advice is to get it over with," Erestor said, as if he were not trying to fight back the laughter which Glorfindel could see shaking his shoulders. "How do you stand it, Erestor? I will have to endure an hour or two at the most with him, but you…you must spend all day with him!" Feeling his breathing quicken, he stopped for a moment to steel himself, leaning against the closest wall. A snort caused him to open eyelids he was not aware of closing. "It is not so bad, really. And it is only at this time of the year. It will pass, and he will return to his solemn and dignified self. In the meantime…" Erestor dug in his left pocket, frowned, and then reached for the right. "Aha!" With a grin, he pulled out a handkerchief and handed it to Glorfindel. "Your weapon, Captain." "Oh, you can not be serious!" But he took the offensive cloth, holding it away from his body between his forefinger and thumb. "You look like a maiden when you hold it like that." Glorfindel stuffed his only defense into a pocket of his tunic. Reaching up, he pinched the bridge of his nose in hope of relieving the imminent headache beginning to pound behind his temples. He inhaled deeply, then dropped his hand to his side. "All right, let us continue. I believe I am prepared now." They refrained from any further speech as they wound their way through the halls of the Last Homely House, coming to a stop outside a large, ornate door. It contained many carved representations from the books of lore the owner of the door was so fond of. Glorfindel always enjoyed looking at the beauty of the rich wood so expertly detailed with scenes he himself remembered. But this day, he only cast a longing look at a panel which depicted himself fighting the balrog. Oh, those were the days! Open battle, sword ringing! Not— He patted the pocket containing the square of folded white linen, and knocked on the door. From within came a sneeze, followed by a muffled, "Cuhm eh," and the sound of someone blowing their nose. He grimaced, but pushed open the door anyway. "Lord Elrond, you wished to see me?" "Ah, yeth, Glowfinnel. Cuhm eh, cuhm eh. We ned to dithcuth the doo-ey rothter." Another sneeze, then a sniff, and one more honk of the Peredhel's nose. "Haf a theat." With resigned obedience, Glorfindel crossed the room and sat in the chair facing the desk, behind which his lord sat. He tried to angle himself away from the line of sneezing, but with Elrond, one never knew. He reassured himself one more time of the handkerchief in his pocket after noticing the open windows letting in the fresh spring air. "Don fwown at me. Leth juth geth thith ovah wid." "Sorry, my lord." Oh how Glorfindel used to love S pring! Spring was a time of renewal — a return of all things green and the warmth of the sun. With dismay, Glorfindel noticed the fine layer of yellowish-green dust on Elrond's desk. Plastering a false smile on his face, inwardly he screamed. Why did the Peredhel insist on keeping his windows open at this time of the year? Why did he not just remove the offensive trees planted all around the Last Homely House? He knew why, of course. Celebrían had loved the flowering fruit trees and planted them near the house not long before she— Glorfindel pulled his thoughts from that course. He understood why Elrond left the trees in, even after it became apparent they caused the lord to suffer miserably in the spring. It had not been until Celebrían had sailed that the pollen became such a nuisance. Not even Elrond understood what caused some people to be so affected by pollen, though mortals were far more susceptible to have allergies. Perhaps Elrond's mortal blood was the reason the lord suffered more than any elf in the valley. Glorfindel did not know. What he did know was that Celebrían would never have wanted her husband to suffer such agony for her beautiful trees. Had she still been here, she would have requested they be moved to a better location, away from the house. But no matter how many times Glorfindel told Elrond that holly would be just as lovely, with the dark leaves and red berries, and would not cause the allergies Elrond suffered, Elrond had refused to remove the fruit trees. Ahhhchooo! "Sowwy." With all the dignity he could muster, Glorfindel pulled the handkerchief from his pocket and wiped his face of the offensive droplets of moisture. And it had started out such a beautiful day. — o — The door closed behind him with a thump, and Glorfindel sagged against the nearest wall, dropping his head into his hands. Two and a half hours! That was how long it had taken them to communicate with Elrond's sneezing and honking. He squeezed his eyes closed and bit back the roar of frustration he would like to let loose. He needed to get out of the house and outdoors. Find a stream to bathe in to remove the lingering saliva and other bodily fluids he would rather not consider from his face. "Surely it was not that bad?" The voice caused him to look up with a glower. "You knew it would be, or you would never have given me the handkerchief!" He threw the offensive cloth towards Erestor, but the councilor let it drift to the floor. They both eyed the linen, until a passing maid stooped and added it to her basket of dirty laundry. She continued on her way, mumbling under her breath about the untidiness of males. Both Erestor and he smiled at the deprecations coming from the slight girl. "Can I assume you will now seek solace in the outdoors? You look as if you could use a ride." Glorfindel straightened with a grin, his frustration falling from him with thoughts of getting outside. "Yes. That is exactly what I plan to do." He passed Erestor, who was pulling a clean handkerchief from a pocket and heading towards Elrond's door. "How many of those do you have, anyway?" Erestor just shrugged. "At this time of the year? A dozen at least." With determined steps, Elrond's Chief Councilor disappeared into the study. Glorfindel made his way to the nearest doorway leading outside, his long strides eating up the distance to the stable, where he was greeted with a friendly nicker. He rubbed the soft, white nose reaching for him over the stall door. "Ready for a run, my friend?" Asfaloth bobbed his head up and down, snorting in Glorfindel's face. "Not you too!" he complained, wiping his face on his sleeve, but this time he grinned. For some reason, horse snot was not as offensive as Elrond's had been. Opening the stall door, he let the stallion out of the confines of the stall. He left the horse's tack on the rack nearby. Saddles and headstalls he only used when traveling long distances, which required having something to tie his pack to other than his own back. The headstall was more for decoration, anyway, and since he had no plans to impress anyone, except perhaps some fish when he bathed, there was no need for it. Leaping upon Asfaloth's back once they were outside, Glorfindel gave the command. "Noro lim!" And they were off quick as a flash, the hooves clattering over the ground as the horse's strides took them off into the valley and away from the Last Homely House and her moody, sneezing lord. For over an hour they rode into the wilds. Glorfindel gave Asfaloth his head, and the horse set his own pace, slowing from his wild dash after a short distance and into a comfortable canter that ate up the miles. He needed little direction, for the horse knew where his master wished to go, and he paced beside a winding stream, following it on its course. In due time, they arrived in a small meadow surrounded by a thicket of birches. Here, the babbling brook widened into a deep pond where a colony of beavers had dammed the flow of water. With a single word, he brought his mount to a halt. For a few minutes, Glorfindel just sat atop Asfaloth and took in the beauty of the scene before him. The meadow grasses were green and not yet overly tall. Mixed with them were wildflowers of purple, yellow and red, decorating the field like a random carpet with occasional pockets of heather and broken by a couple of burrows and a few rocks. A hare grazed amid the grasses, sitting up to look at