Bella is a nineteen-year-old college intern working in Senator Cullen's office. She doesn't have (or want– she's terrified of him, in a good way) any interaction with him of course; she's an aide in the front office used for menial clerical stuff because she's willing and smart and has great people skills… at least as far as making people feel good about the Senator and his office staff; she's not able to handle conflict at all. Which means she's easily taken advantage of, and the office coordinator Tanya takes advantage of her on a regular basis, including assigning her the project of entering all contact information from the year into a new database before the 4th of July holiday. Bella stays late and later trying to finish it, and Tanya leaves her hard at work, heading out early to get started on her own vacation. But then the power goes off, and Bella —terrified believing herself to be alone in the dark office—freezes, waiting. When it comes back on a half-hour later, she has to re-enter a little and then rushes to finish. She's just printing out the final version when Senator Cullen comes out of his office, shocked to find one of the office workers still in the office at 10 p.m. He stares at her, trying to figure out who she is, then remembers Jasper telling him some funny little story about the girl in the front office who got pigeonholed by the elderly Senator from Georgia and listened to him regale her with inappropriate stories from the deep South for almost an hour before Jasper finally made a greatly amused Tanya intervene and rescue the poor girl. Her name comes to him with the memory, and he breaks the silence of her scared face fixed on his own surprised one by saying "Bella, right?" There was a slight pause, before the girl nodded anxiously, now looking like she was about to cry. "What the hell are you still doing here?" The tears started as Bella stumbled over herself with her apologies in response to his question. "Oh, Mr. Senator Sir (she ran the titles together) I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to be so slow. I – I – please don't be mad at me, I mean I understand why you're mad at me, I mean I'll do better next time , I mean—" her voice was getting higher and higher and she looked like she was about to levitate with nervous energy, so Edward cut her off, saying "Shhh, I'm not mad at you; no one's mad at you," as he walked forward with his hands out. As his hands landed gently on her shoulders, and he could feel the intense trembling of the little body in front of him and hear the near-hysterical sobbing breaths, he said again, "Shhhhh, Bella, Bella, Bella, you're okay. Everything's okay, honey, don't be upset, all right?" As he said this, so tenderly, he held her out and away from him a little bit so he could inspect her face. Her scared eyes darted up to his, incredulous , and when he grinned at her, meaning to be reassuring, her eyes flew away again to the floor off to the side of him. He laughed just a little, softly, and pulled her into him for a tight hug. "Oh, sweet girl, who left you here all by yourself?" "Um, well, I don't know?" Edward laughed lightly again. "Okay, who gave you this project right before Independence Day break?" Bella says quietly, shyly, "Um, Tanya did, but I told her I could do it. I'm usually a fast typer, I mean typist, I mean data entry person; I don't know why I was so slow tonight." Edward, still holding one arm around her, has reached down to pull the top few papers off the stack in the printer, which has just stopped, and looks at what's on them. "This is a lot of information, sweetheart. When did you start working on this?" "Oh, um, this afternoon." "This afternoon?" he asks, surprised. Bella nods her head earnestly. "Tanya wanted me to get the first draft done so I can check it against the original first thing when we get back from break." "Well then Tanya should have helped with the data entry." "That's okay; I don't mind. I like typing." "Is that right?" She nods shyly, still not looking at him. "Well, it looks like you did a beautiful job." She blushes beet red, smiles but looks terrified at the same time, eyes down on the floor feet away from him. "Thank you" she manages to get out in a whisper. He stares for a moment, taking in her loveliness, then reaches out a gentle hand and rubs one thumb down her cheek, wiping up the tears, as he says huskily, "You're welcome." Bella shudders at his touch and starts shaking even harder, which Edward notices, causing him to drop his hands and quickly pull off his suit jacket and wrap it around her. He reaches for her bag then which was hanging over her chair, and turns to her asking, "Do you have any other belongings you need to get before we go?" She shakes her head slowly, her hands holding the jacket tightly around her, her mind mush from the overwhelmingness of the senator's smell wafting up to her from the jacket. She stares at him dumbly as he holds out a hand and says "Come here," to her, both their bags slung over his shoulder. She looks up at him, her eyes pleading, and stays stock still. The next moment he moves to her and gathers her in his arms, before picking her up and holding her against his chest, then striding out the door that his security person is holding open for him. Standing in the elevator, holding her, he looks down at her to see her big, wide eyes staring back at him. She looks very uncertain but not quite scared; more disbelieving. He smiles, says "You can wrap your arms around my neck and hide, sweetheart, if you'd like." Not a second passes before she does just that, burrowing her face into his chest. He feels her take a deep breath, then let it out against his shoulder. He pats her head approvingly as he exits the elevator to the parking garage, saying "That's right, sweetheart, you're safe with me now. Good girl." He frowns a bit after he hears what he's said; the "good girl" especially was said without thought or reflection, and it occurs to him both that it's not remotely appropriate for him to say to one of his office staff and also that it makes him angry to think that it's not remotely appropriate for him to say to her. He's dwelling on this thought as he's climbing into the back of his limo, one hand over the back of her head to make sure he doesn't knock it against the car frame, when Peter, his security chief, comes up and says discreetly to him, "Does she have a car we'll need to move, Sir?" Edward startles inwardly but doesn't show it. Shit, this looks bad, he thinks to himself, grateful that he has complete trust in his security staff even though he wasn't meaning to be as lecherous as he looked. Or maybe I am, he ruefully acknowledges to himself as he glances again at the little brown head now nestled against him and realizes how much he likes it there. "Excellent question, Peter," he responds. "Hang on a minute and I'll ask." Leaning in so he's speaking quietly in her ear, he asks "Bella, honey, where's your car parked?" She whispers her response, not turning her head or even opening her eyes. "I don't have a car." "Then how were you going to get home? Do you usually take a cab?" "No. I take the Metro." "The Metro? At this time of night?" He's shocked, and almost instantly pissed at the idea of her traveling –by herself– on the subway. Just the walk to the station alone would be fraught with danger after dark for someone as obviously vulnerable as she is. Bella's head has snapped up at the tone of his voice, and she's looking up at him with innocent concern, saying "I'm sorry. Is there something wrong?" And then, as it registers in her rational, conscious mind that she is sitting in Senator Cullen's lap in the back of a limo, her eyes get wide and she starts trying to scoot off his legs. Really, she almost flings herself out of his arms, but he's too quick in his response and he tightens the hold of his arms around her as he says, "Shhhh, Bella honey, there's nothing wrong, at least not anymore, and there is definitely nothing for you to apologize for." Bella isn't calming though, instead she's panicking, awash in shame, uncertain what she did wrong but certain she did something horrible that will end with the Senator dismissing her in disgrace. She's fighting his hold, and crying, and saying in a quiet voice, "I'm so sorry, I'll just go, I'm sorry to bother you," when Edward interrupts her with a near-growl as he says, almost shouts, "Enough!" Bella freezes, terrified, staring up at him. He smiles at her, both kindness and sadness evident in his eyes as he risks taking one hand to tuck some stray hairs off her forehead and wipe the tears that have just started off her cheeks. She continues to stay frozen, barely breathing, waiting for him to yell at her, to tell her what a bad person she is. Instead, he speaks to his assistant, who is still standing just outside the partially-open door, waiting patiently for instructions. "Peter, track Tanya down and find out who this sweet girl belongs to. Then call the negligent sons-of- [he cuts himself off, not wanting to swear in front of her] and inform them she'll be staying with me for the duration of the holiday." He thinks about what he's said for a moment, then adds, "Scratch that. Just get the name and number of the supposedly-responsible party, and I'll call them myself when we get to the shore. Let them worry until then; they deserve it." Peter says, "All right, Senator, will do," and starts to close the door before Edward reaches out to hold it open a little longer, adding, "And let Tanya know there will be hell to pay when I see her back in the office for not taking more care with the safety and well-being of the office staff. Thanks, Peter," Edward finishes as he pulls the door shut, then leans to hit the intercom button and says "Whenever you're ready, Felix." Bella is still rigid in his arms, staring at him, disbelieving. He settles back into the seat after grabbing a cashmere wrap left by Alice off the opposite seat, and starts tucking it around her. "Okay, sweetheart, let's get you comfortable," he says to her in a quiet, calming voice, the one he uses around his horses. And almost instantly, Bella is asleep. XXX I woke up to the warmth of the sun on my face, and the lovely feeling of soft linen against my cheek and over my shoulder. I moved my legs in ecstatic satisfaction, so glad to be warm and safe in bed, and having just had the most fabulous dream…the hazy tendrils of it were still clinging to me, but something about the present reality was bothering me. I started to think, my eyes still closed, about what was not right. Finally, I realized several things: I heard birds. And no cars. And there was an open window with a breeze blowing in; a breeze that had a distinctly salty tang to it. I shot up to a sitting position and looked around. The room I was in was completely unfamiliar, but