Hello! I'm trying a different approach to maximizing my writing output in the struggle for psychological survival that is my life, and probably yours too if you're reading angsty Twilight fanfiction. Lots of my odds-and-ends and story starts fall into themes, so I'm going to keep trying (see "Shield-less Bella" for my first effort) to group like bits together as different chapters in a larger themed "story." Hopefully this approach will also cut down the amount of new multi-chapter stories I add to the ridiculous number I have already started, as anyone can see my strength is in new exploration and not in disciplined completion. This is not to say I'm not trying to complete things, but I'll be first to admit a glacial pace. I apologize if this approach seems awkward or frustrating, and also for the incomplete, delineated-holes quality of the chapters. I would love to finish them all, no shorthand needed, but I don't think I'll live long enough to do so no matter how long I drag on for…so I'm posting what I have with the attitude that it's better to share and let you decide what's worth your time to read than to have them languish on my hard drive, never to see the internet-light, on the off chance that something in them is helpful and/or comforting to one of you. Finally, the Edward voice I've been cultivating for years has gotten a bit demanding, and insists on taking over my former podium here at the story start, and I'm too exhausted to fight him off. He thinks more of you will listen to him than to me anyway, (I agree), and is willing to threaten you all to make you pay attention if necessary—although what an imaginary Edward can hold over you as collateral, I can't quite imagine. All right, that's not true—I just don't want to imagine. He could stop showing up in my subconscious. Please, please, please don't ignore him and wreak that horror on me. And now, here "he" is: " Ladies. It has come to my horrified notice that CL is churning out more impossible fantasy stories to feed the real desperation that some of you feel, being relational-emoters in a rational-object-oriented world. PLEASE DON'T BELIEVE A WORD SHE WRITES IN HER STORIES! It's all lies. Desperate lies and wishful thinking. Don't get me wrong; the idea of me exists (and I'm every bit as wonderful—and attractive, thank you—as I sound). The problem is in the difference between the idea of me and the reality of me. You are far, far, FAR more likely to encounter a James-variant, or even more likely (God help you) a Mike, than me in human form. I'm sorry for that, Sweetheart (yes, I'm talking to you ). You deserve all the comfort you can get, and it's blisteringly unfair that the sweetest and most vulnerable of you are the most likely to be used up and bled dry (and not quickly by vampires). Sadly, it's also true. The Bible may assert that "the meek shall inherit the earth," but the only way I can make that premise hold true is by taking an "ashes to ashes" perspective of the word "inherit," meaning more or less "the meek shall die." Yep. You will die, probably after being worn to the bone and having all your hopeful expectations and desires snuffed out, one by one. Of course, selfish bastards will die too, as will those in the middle ground having some nicety of feeling but more cognitive protection around their egos than you have been born with or been lucky enough to develop, but the process will likely be less excruciating and misery-laden than it is for you. Life is by no means fair, Sweetheart, and you are living proof. Now, don't panic, and for God's sake don't get hysterical (yes, I am talking to you again). You CAN learn to cope such that life isn't as miserable as it may be for you right now. CL's done her neurotic best to outline her techniques, and though she's a crazy one, I will say that she seems to be moving in the right direction, and occasionally is truly joyful in her life—and almost always grateful it isn't any harder or worse (smart girl). But she's not very direct, is she? So now I'm going to have at it…which is to say, I am now going to tell you what to do—and what not to. I expect obedience, and though I'm a little- how to put it? c onstrained- in the reinforcement-and-consequence department, you know that somewhere, in that wonderfully feeling-full brain of yours, I'll be watching. And listening. And just generally checking up on you. So be good, which means be gentle with yourself; at least try to ignore the assholes; and when you go to a nightclub: 1. Why the hell are you going to a nightclub? Seriously, little girl, what are you hoping to accomplish? It will be full of everything you hate: loud noises; aggressive people—make that drunk aggressive people; the expectation of public display of the most self-promoting kind. Yes, I know you're adorable shaking your booty in the kitchen, or your dorm room, but that isn't going to equate to comfort on the dance floor. Do you know who is comfortable on the dance floor? Exhibitionists and narcissists, with the occasional resilient extravert thrown in. Are you an exhibitionist? Narcissist? Resilient extravert? Thought not—so stay home. 2. If you must go, (and be prepared for a big fat "I told you so,"), go with someone you trust, who knows you—I mean really understands your limitations and vulnerabilities, like your difficulty saying "NO!"—and is prepared to defend you if necessary. It's not enough to just head out with "friends," or to rely on any of the male members of your party for chivalrous behavior. Chivalry may not be dead, Sweetheart, but it's on a ventilator—and for some very valid reasons. But you're someone likely to really need a little chivalry, from either men or women, so try cultivating some honest conversation with the most assertive person you trust who's planning to go out with you. Like this: "Hey Thor, I tend to do stupid things when I get overwhelmed by loud noises and aggressive people, so would you and Mjollnir [Thor's hammer; he named it—guess what else he named ;)?] keep an extra eye out for me tonight?" Don't know Thor, or a reasonable human facsimile? You know what I'm going to say: stay home. 3. Alright, I'm well aware that your difficulty saying "No" means you're probably going to be dragged along with your idiot and equally naïve friends anyway, despite all the good advice I just gave you. So here's your last stand, and the enormous valley I've drawn for you in the sand: DO NOT LEAVE THE NIGHTCLUB, OR ANY OTHER PLACE, WITH SOMEONE YOU'VE JUST MET. I'm not joking here, and neither is CL. If you do do something that reckless and stupid, and you get hurt—which would be HIGHLY LIKELY, because you are an absolute magnet for selfish assholes who will recognize your malleability and PURPOSEFULLY EXPLOIT it and you—then realize that in addition to making yourself miserable, which may not be new, you are saddling CL with the guilt of it for the rest of her pitiful life too. Reading romantic bullshit is DANGEROUS, because your animal self can't tell the difference between reality and fantasy. And when you're in an emotionally-threatening situation, like being talked into leaving a nightclub with someone you've just met, it's your animal self who's in charge, not your best-judgment cognitive self. So, do all of us a favor, including the collection of sad and desperate people that your loving nature will be a blessing for if you last long enough to meet and care for them: harness your animal self with enormous guilt for allowing reckless decisions, or going along with someone else who's behaving harmfully towards you. It may not sound fair (nothing new there) that you, who are already so shame-prone and wrongfully self-blaming, need to feel MORE guilt—but it is the relational counter-weight you may need to push back against someone else who wants to take advantage of you, with no thought for either your well-being or that of the rest of the world. Shall I recap? Don't pretend to be "normal" – you're not. You're beautiful, loveable, and exactly right the way you are—but you're not normal. Embrace the pain of being different on your own terms rather than the shame of failing to be what other people and society in general dictates. Try to find and surround yourself with people who understand, or at least can see, your unique challenges, burdens and gifts. This is harder than it sounds, and if you are feeling completely alone, know at least that you're not alone in your aloneness. Take heart in your own knowledge that you're doing the best you can with what you've been given. Hold on to the universal love you are unusually able to see, generate and share, and use it—whether you call it "God" or "Goddess" or "Allah" or "Jehovah" or "compassion" or "enlightenment" or just plain old love—to stand up against human frailty and fear, your own and others'. And know that when someone hurts you, they're also hurting all the other people you won't be as able to love because of the damage that's been done to you—so protect those people by protecting yourself. Much love to you, Sweetheart. I'll be watching. XON (N=love nip) Edward" And now, on with the really bad role-modelling and totally unrealistic scenarios revolving, at least in the beginning, around nightclubs… With thanks to Stephenie Meyer, who managed to take an almost-ridiculously unrealistic scenario and turn it into food for both our souls and psyches, (which tend to go pretty hungry in popular culture today), and who of course owns all things Twilight, but has enough good sense and graciousness not to rub it in. Be well! And listen to Edward. xo liza The Commune, Chapter 1 (Repeated with editing from Sharks in the Swimming Pool, Chapter 9)—Scroll down past the italics for the brand-new material in Chapter 2: 20-something Bella lives in an urban commune, a living community in a large, old house in which everyone agrees to participate in and contribute to communal life, including meals, house upkeep and outside chores. Bella is of course a gold-mine of willing housekeeping and cooking labor for the group, good-naturedly exploited after one of the members (Jessica) meets her at work and talks her into joining. Soon Bella finds her spare time dominated by unremunerated and oftentimes unappreciated household work and mother-like nurturance (she bakes everyone elaborate birthday cakes, for example), but since she needs to feel needed, it is largely a mutually-satisfying situation as the community members also regularly express affectionate appreciation for her. However, the community's balance shifts when two of the founding members (Peter and Charlotte) leave to establish their own private home life together, and are replaced by Victoria and James. Now there's more shared social emphasis on drinking, illicit drug use and club-scene partying, and far fewer instances of the college-style intellectual debates about the meaning of life held at the kitchen table with Bella's brownies sharing pride of place with a bowl of marijuana. There's also now far less emotional security for Bella, and she is starting to feel ill at ease in her home. She still has close friendships with a couple other house members (especially Jessica), however, and they talk her into trying to blend in a little better with the new regime, getting her to come out one night to a club party for the first time. Of course, Edward happens to be there with friends too. Edward is experiencing his own changing social environment, as one by one his womanizing party buddies left over from college or