Disclaimer: Of course, all Twilight-based characters, settings and plot elements belong to the marvelous Stephenie Meyer. Thank you, Ms. Meyer, for sharing! Also, I owe a large debt of gratitude to the late BDSM author Jon Jacobs and his recent followers for both the nature of this story and my ability to write it (for more details, read my profile). It is through their writing that I was introduced to the concept and terminology of "profound" dominance and submission. However, the story to follow is otherwise my own creation, conceived of the moment I asked myself: "What if I had figured out how my sexuality was different from average BEFORE I had to make adult decisions? What if I had been part of a community that educated, with intention and compassion, its young people in different ways of being in relationship, not just in the mechanics of reproduction and disease prevention?" And then, bringing it into absolute fantasy-land where I find so much comfort residing, I added, "And what if a perfectly-matched profound dominant was in that class with me?" Hey, it's possible, right? (I hear that snickering! I didn't say it was likely!) So here's my answer to myself, in the form of one perfectly lovely, though—as I've already admitted—highly unlikely, as well as terribly lawsuit-courting should it ever actually be attempted, scenario. Enjoy if you like, but be warned: true profoundly dominant males who are ethical and loving are probably even rarer than vampires. Sorry. p.s. Forgive my apparent hypocrisy, and please, beware the internet! It is not a safe place for self-discovery unless one is very, very careful. And skeptical. And guarded. And experienced enough to have a shot at recognizing a predator when they approach. And finally, in frequent communication with real-world friends with whom one can be totally honest and open so that if something does go badly, someone else knows what computer file to open in order to try to fix it. As much as anything important in life can ever truly be "fixed" once it's broken. Best wishes and loving thoughts to you, Liza. p.s.#2: To all the 16-year-old through twenty-something iterations of me out there (and knowing, of course, that I'm a middle-aged iteration of them)... You! Yes, you with the copy of A Little Princess and the daddy complex! Do not dabble in the BDSM community, on-line or in person, as a desperate attempt to stave off the suffering and pain of existence! It will not help! You will be eaten alive and spit back out! Explore carefully, and slowly, and conservatively when you are least desperate, and use fantasy stories like this as pain medication and NOT as a roadmap. I am writing this story exactly because it NEVER HAPPENED for me, and most likely IT WILL NOT HAPPEN FOR YOU EITHER. I know it's not fair, I know it hurts, I know it's lonely beyond words, but once you accept the pain of it, I swear it gets a little better. Not a lot, but a little. And then a little more. And before you know it, you'll be okay. Hang in there. I care. xo liza "Edward Cullen." It was three-quarters of the way through biology class when Mr. Banner finally read my name off the list he was using to send students out, in pairs, to meet with someone—a psychologist from the University—who who was overseeing a new twist on sex ed. at Forks High. Termed "Self-Study," it had already spawned any number of crass jokes in the halls and locker rooms. But still it was seen by most of us as much preferable to the traditional human sexuality component of the junior-year biology class. Why require 17-year-olds to take sex ed. so long after the window for good (and bad) decision-making had, for most of us, been opened? Because of a paper on the development of Forks High School's graduation requirements I'd written for the local history and civics class I had to take sophomore year, I know the answer to that question. Back in the '80's, a former-hippie school board member had decided that older students needed to be reminded of the bird-and-bee basics they had already been subjected to in eighth grade. Her argument had been that doing so would support students' "personal growth and development." The more conservative members of the school board saw it as an opportunity to scare wayward students back onto the straight and narrow. Thus two normally divergent philosophies united for once, allowing the proposal to pass unanimously. Forks' juniors had been suffering ever since. I was in agreement with the popular assessment that this year's innovation could be nothing but an improvement, especially after learning that a mortified-as-usual Mr. Banner would still be overseeing the old-school approach every Monday for the rest of the semester. As unlikely as it may seem, the powers that be had managed to make this default option even more unpleasant than in years past with the addition of a class presentation requirement on an assigned STD. It was easy to imagine the jokes that would be running once assignments were made about who "had" gonorrhea, or herpes, and enduring that degree of inanity would most likely be even worse than completion of the actual assignment. So, I had been careful about turning in both my own and my parents' signed consent forms, and my signed agreement to maintain the absolute confidentiality of what my partner and I would discuss. The penalty for failing to respect this confidentiality was an unceremonious return to Mr. Banner and chlamydia central; I didn't need this threat though to know I would keep my mouth shut. There is almost never anything good to be gained from feeding the high-school gossip beast…it is definitely a monster that eats its own. Despite agreeing to participate, I was pretty pissed about the terms of participation in the research study, given that the researchers were going to be appropriating my conversations and written assignments for their own purposes. I just don't like the idea of a bunch of academic leeches using my words to further their own agenda, without my input or truly informed (as to their opinions about me and my behavior and thoughts, and its support or lack thereof for whatever split-hairs theory they're cooking up) consent. Sure, my parents and I were granting what passed as legal consent now, but it was a shitty way to go about it—asking for blanket permission up front to do what they will when we hadn't yet had the opportunity to take the measure of those in charge of the program, or been able to weigh the value, to me and to the researchers, of the specific information they would want to be obtaining. So I planned to be on guard, and to play both the situation and the people ostensibly in charge of it well. But there was one aspect of this experience I couldn't control, and that had me—if I was being honest, which I didn't necessarily plan to be—a little stressed: the assignment of study partners. In order to make the experience more "real" and "meaningful," (the researchers' words, not mine), each participant was to be assigned a partner, as well as a topic on which to focus our reflection and enquiry. I didn't much care about the topic, figuring I could spout b.s. on anything they liked; but the selection of a partner was more important. Much more important. So who was mine? After Angela and Lauren walked back into the room, each of them surprisingly content-looking given their pairing, Mr. Banner had read my name off and gone right back to his love affair with mitochondria. I sat, as patiently as I could, waiting for him to self-correct. I was just getting ready to interrupt him and ask when he looked at me, still waiting for my partner's name. "Edward?" he asked. "Didn't you hear me read your name?" "I heard you, Mr. Banner," I replied respectfully. I am careful always to seem respectful towards those having power over me. I know, as do they, that it is a temporary power that will, in most cases, soon be superseded by my fortunate superiority in intelligence and resources. But while I am underage and enrolled in this school I am vulnerable, and they all know it. At least Mr. Banner doesn't seem to take any pleasure in lording his authority over me—unlike certain others, such as Coach Clapp. In response to my noncommittal answer, for though I am always respectful, I also don't give up anything more than is necessary, Mr. Banner raised his eyebrows. Then he asked, "Are you having second thoughts about participating, Edward?" "No, I'm just waiting to hear who I'm paired with," I answered, as if it was no big deal. And it shouldn't have been, but I was starting to feel like it was. "Oh! Well, that makes sense; but you're not paired with anyone. It's just you at the end of the list I was given. Must have had odd numbers." Inside, I was crushed. Outside, I smiled politely, my face a mask. Then I nodded, and said, "All right, I'll head out," as I stood up, grabbed my belongings and started down the aisle. I hadn't admitted to myself up until that moment how hopeful I'd been to be paired with a certain fellow class member, but I had been. Extremely so. And especially as the class had gone on. Just before my name was called, there weren't many names left that hadn't been called already, and most of the few remaining I either knew for certainty or had a shrewd guess had not returned their consent forms. Which left, to my delight: one Isabella Swan, my lab partner. Most people call her Bella, like her father does, though she has never expressed a preference on the matter. At least not to me. So some of the time, I use her beautiful—yes, I know that's a literal translation, but it really fits—full name. It always makes her blush, which is a wonderful bonus. And yes, I have been harboring a secret crush on the unbelievably-shy Miss Swan for as long as she has been a student here… about four months. She had both my interest and affections, without having the first clue about it, I'm sure, ever since her first day at Forks when she walked fearfully into the classroom, got her seat assignment from Mr. Banner (who evidently scared her, as milquetoast as he was, is and evermore will be), and stumbled into the seat next to mine. After tripping and sprawling onto her lab stool, catching herself with her hands, she had briefly looked up at me and—accidentally, I'm now certain—made eye contact. Besides the beautiful blush that colored her cheeks, her eyes were absolutely intoxicating: so full of fear and shame and sadness, and communicating them all to me at top volume. I was instantly curious about what had her feeling all those things, and feeling them so strongly, her initial awkwardness not seeming near enough of an explanation. I was even more intrigued when I watched, my head cocked and an expression of interest on my face I have no doubt but no words having left my lips, as a heavy metal door slammed shut behind her eyes and cut off the flow of emotional information. This was just before her head dropped and she righted herself on the stool, studying her knees as she politely offered a quiet "Sorry about that." I had to manfully suppress an extremely strong and equally inexplicable urge to gather her up in my arms and cradle her in my lap. Momentarily freaked the hell out by this ridiculous impulse, I fortunately got my head out of my ass fast enough to just offer a mild greeting in return; something basic and low-key (never mind that I still really wanted to touch