Author's Note in Bold - Scroll Down for Story in Normal Font Strategies for Facing Anxiety-Producing Social/Relational Situations: 1. Dark humor: How bad can it get? How funny? How absurd? How insulting? Worst-case scenario actually becomes triumph in this situation, as you out-do yourself in bad events and befuddled relationships. (Thank you, Ru.) 2. Intentional Dissociation: View yourself as an actor or character in a play or story. Try to view yourself in your mind's eye from outside your body; comment to yourself in third person; think about the character's dynamics, needs and likely actions as if he/she is not yourself. (Thank you, Molly.) 3. Look for Love, not just in others' reactions to you, but more especially, in the opportunities they provide you to love them back, or love them in spite of themselves. 4. Review for yourself all the times you faced judgmentalness, ignorance and spite and rose above them, or were immune to them, or ignored them, or transformed them into something beautiful (even—especially—when it hurt). 5. View your anxiety as a sacrifice you're laying down at the altar of the greater good, a devotional you're making to God's love. It wouldn't count so much if it didn't hurt so much: more pain=greater gift=better sacrifice (the martyr's equation)! 6. Focus on the reason the situation is important; the spiritual/relational goal being served that makes all the anxiety and fear-of-shame-or-loss worthwhile. If you focus on whom you are doing it for and what the stakes are rather than the fear, it might be easier to ignore the anxiety. 7. Bribe yourself. With chocolate. With fanfiction. With chocolate and fanfiction. As reward, or as alternating activity—for example, open in-box, eat chocolate. Open first message, eat chocolate. Etc. Yes, this strategy will tend to make you fat, unless you're lucky enough to be able to bribe yourself with exercise instead. But then, life is all about hard choices. 8. I almost left this one out but remembered it as I was chasing the boys around the yard today: get exercise and sleep. It's annoying, but it's true: exercise and sleep make everything better. Doesn't mean they make difficult situations easy, or even possible to endure, but they do make them better than they would be otherwise, and as a long-term investment in stability and emotional security are probably almost as good as chocolate. All right, all right, better than chocolate in the long run—but I'd still be tempted to grab the dark chocolate off a sinking ship before the running shoes. 9. Say a mantra-prayer/sing something/shake your hands/bounce on your feet/do something repetitive to distract from the anxiety of the moment long enough to get it done. 10. Use magic. Develop imaginative routines of incantations or special objects/clothing (real or make-believe) that you convince yourself give you extra power to face the anxiety demon you're struggling with…this strategy may take more time to implement than others as it requires you to build some sort of conviction in the particular words/routine/object as a magically- or spiritually-protective item, and may not work at all if you're too much a hard-headed realist—although if that's the case, you're probably struggling with a different sort of anxiety than I am, since the sort I'm familiar with is based on very imaginative predictions of doom, and a very fantastical (though in some ways also entirely accurate) sense of emotional reality. This strategy takes the destructively-imaginative nature of anxiety and turns it back on itself, creating the solution as well as the problem. 11. Buddy up. Challenge a friend to do something bothering her at the same time that you face what bothers you, and do phone or text check-ins as you go along. Make promises to someone that you will address a problem area by a certain date, and then expect to be accountable to her or him (although pick someone supportive rather than punitive, and with whom you feel relatively safe). 12. Acknowledge the need for avoidance. Sometimes, the stress of facing something is really more than we can manage; forgive yourself for this, and don't waste time trying to psychically beat yourself into doing something that you don't have the emotional stamina for at the moment. Instead of moving into avoidance activities as a failure, CHOOSE to delay the anxiety-producing activity by doing something relaxing instead, and TELL YOURSELF you are building your emotional reserves to be able to face the stressor in an hour/a day/a week/a month. This isn't cheating; it's smart emotion management. The trick is simply to stay honest with oneself, and keep asking yourself whether you're ready to be brave (or not) rather than denying the issue or pretending it will just go away, or isn't as important as it truly is to you. As you can probably guess, your friend CL (that's me—I'm practicing my dissociation skills by talking about myself in the 3 rd -person) is having a difficult time managing her anxiety lately, and her – wait for it (sorry, my 6-year-old says that all the time and I'm afraid it's rubbing off)—SHAME. Because of the high levels of these challenging emotions, I have been unable to focus enough lately to continue involved story lines. I'm reasonably confident this will change (I have to be in order to get out of bed in the morning) in the near future, but while you're waiting, here's one more story start for those of you who, like me, feed emotionally off of the protective-Edward dynamic towards Bella. Sorry it's not more, but it's all I can manage right now. Hope you are all well. And if you aren't, and wish to commiserate with me about it, feel free to personal message me, but be sure to title it something like "Want your input" or "Looking for support" because otherwise, the suffocating shame is likely to cause me to assume that you are writing to criticize or make fun. The way around pre-emptive social shame for a temporarily beaten-down relational-emoter like me is to pull on my heartstrings and get me thinking about you and your difficulties instead of my own short-comings—so go ahead and yank! Hard! By the way, if any of you are trapped in an exploitative situation, where you're being controlled and used by others for financial gain, know that you are a worthwhile and lovable person, no matter what choices you made that may have led you to your current predicament. Shame is the monster that will try to keep you there, and those that are benefitting from your exploitation will feed it well. So when it roars, remind yourself that shame is the illusion that makes the beauty of your soul look like a deformity, and the poison that turns your most passionate efforts to help yourself into what feel like your biggest mistakes. I know I preach better than I manage in my own life, but please, try not to listen to shame; it only makes things worse. Instead, if you're being controlled and exploited for your labor or your body, or you think you know someone who is, call the National Human Trafficking Resource Center at 1-888-373-7888, or text BeFree (233733). Or, if you are less-dramatically trapped in a painful situation by the seeming deficiencies of your own nature and a lack of hopeful alternatives, know that you are not alone in spirit no matter how alone you are in physical reality, that new days bring the possibility of positive changes, and that the world needs you every bit as much as you need Edward—and if you're anything like me, that's a #$% lot. Much love to you, Liza p.s. To Stephenie Meyer goes the spoils; to all of us the love! XXX Charlie takes a summer road trip with 16-year-old Bella to Chicago, hoping to re-connect with old friend Edward Masen, Sr. and his wife…whom Charlie hopes will give him some good advice about how to help his daughter, who is getting more and more depressed. She actually tried to kill herself while still living in Phoenix at the end of her sophomore year, and though it wasn't a very effective attempt, Charlie was beside himself while Renee was just pissed. Since then, Bella's been living in Forks, and though she's managed to stay out of the Emergency Room (at least for psychological issues), she now weighs next-to nothing and has no social life or future plans. So Charlie is still desperate, and now really acting it, driving out to see the savviest people he knows, his old high school friend Edward Masen (who became a wealthy lawyer, though he started dirt poor just like Charlie) and his socialite wife (whom Edward, Sr. met while on scholarship at the University of Chicago). Edward, Sr. and Charlie had remained good friends after going their separate ways, Edward to college and law school, Charlie to junior college and then the police academy. Elizabeth, Edward's wife, had taken Charlie under her wing, liking the kind, loyal heart under his gruff exterior, and though their relationship had been strained when Charlie married Renee after a whirlwind courtship and then moved to far-flung Forks, Washington, the Masens welcomed Charlie and his daughter back with open arms after Renee left him. They had visited him twice out on the Washington coast, and he and Isabella had been out to visit them every summer from when she was two to when she was six, though Charlie hadn't heard much from them after that last visit; nothing since one last birthday present sent to him for Isabella for her 7th birthday (Elizabeth did not approve of Renee leaving Charlie, believing it would hurt Isabella, and had not acknowledged Renee's existence in Phoenix). Charlie was surprised when the Masens didn't respond to his and Bella's thank-you notes for the present, and assumed what he had always expected had happened—that the ever-more-wealthy and well-connected Edward and Elizabeth had tired of being friends with a working-class cop. This assumption hurt Charlie's pride—and his heart—terribly, and so he didn't try to contact them again, his worst suspicions confirmed when he doesn't even get a Christmas card from them that year. And that's been that for the last nine years, though Charlie misses them more than he will admit to himself. Now, however, his pride holds no candle to his desperation to find someone to tell him how to help Isabella, how to keep her from wasting away right in front of his eyes, how to help her not be so miserable with life that all she wants to do is escape it. He can't quite work himself up into just calling Elizabeth Masen (whose mothering Charlie had always admired, and wish Renee had emulated), however, so instead he packs up himself and Bella for a road trip to Chicago at the start of their two-week summer vacation in June. They have travelled all the way to the suburb where the Masens used to live, Charlie hoping with all he has that they still live there and will be willing to help him help his daughter, before Charlie has worked up the nerve to call his old friends at their old phone number. Their son, Edward, Jr., answers. "Masen residence." Charlie's heart soars. He's a little shocked by the voice, however, realizing that it must be little Edward, grown into a much bigger Edward now. Clearing his throat, he manages, "Um, hello, this is Chie—" He breaks off, having been about to call himself by his working title, both out of current habit, and because it's what his old friend used to call him as a term of endearment. "Charlie," he quickly amends. Then clarifying, because it's been a long time, "Charlie Swan." "Uncle Charlie! How are you!" Edward says, remembering him. "Oh, I'm pretty good son. How are you doing? You must be—well, you must be pretty old by now." Charlie winces at his awkwardness, but Edward just laughs. "Yep, I'm days away from turning