New story and yes yes I know I have my Harry Potter story out but this idea came to mind and I couldn't let it pass by. I have always LOVED reading the books series of any kind however I hate writing down the actual book in the story so like my Harry Potter story is I make the characters read some stories that I made up. This one is mostly about how Olympus and the Demigods face one of their greatest threats ever. This story contains sexual moments as well as intense language as well as several gore moments. Now the famous DISCLAIMER I don't own Percy Jackson if I did I would make certain changes but all in all its a great series that I can't really change. This story takes place during MOA before the Romans meet the Greeks. HOWEVER the book they are reading starts after the Giant War. Chapter 1. The Shadow Lord Percy Jackson was happy…like really really happy. He was about to be reunited with his Wise Girl and finally be able to hold her in his arms again. He walked along next to Hazel and Frank who were holding hands. He smiled at his two friends and looked up at the sky. He smiles as he sees the giant warship approaching. He could practically FEEL Annabeth getting closer and the closer that warship got the more and more his heart grew warmer. "Well Praetor Jackson shall we meet your friends?" asked Reyna who walked up behind him. Percy nodded to happy to really speak. However as they walked forward a bright flash of light engulfed them and they vanished into thin air. Not far away many of the Roman demigods also began to be snatched up by bright flashes of light including Octavian who was still screaming about how the Greeks were evil. As the whole camp was taken by the light the giant warships crew also vanished into a bright light. At Camp Half-Blood every single cabin member was vanishing in bright flashes of light much to the shock and confusion of Chiron and the Cabin Counselors. Soon enough they themselves were picked up by the great bright light and were teleported away in the bright flash of light. — The gods were having splitting headaches and the only ones who were not really effected were Apollo and Artemis but Artemis had it worse than Apollo. "Everyone please lets try to stay Greek." said Apollo. Zeus who was flashing in his Jupiter form and back to his Zeus form tried to agree. "He…urgh…is right..gah..try to stay..ugh…greek." he said. The gods nodded and slowly but surely the headaches began to slow. Suddenly all of a sudden the headaches just…stopped. Everyone *tho pleased* was confused. "What happened?" asked Hermes. Many of the gods looked around in confusion. "Did something happen the only way that the headaches would stop would be is someone united the camps but thats basically impossible." said Athena. As the gods discussed what was going on they were shocked to see Hades and Persphone flash into Olympus. "Hades what are you dong here?" asked Zeus tho he looked angry. However once he saw Hades confused expression he slowly got less angry. "I don't know I was having horrible headaches when suddenly they just stopped then suddenly Persphone and I were here." he said to Zeus. As the gods continued to think about this strange turn of events a bigger flash of light appear and suddenly the whole throne room was crowed by two groups. One side had the Greeks from Camp Half-Blood and the other the Romans from Camp Jupiter. The moment the two groups saw each other they began to yell at each other. Suddenly after a while of yelling a voice cried out "SHUT UP!" Both camps got quite but both for different reasons. The Romans got quite due to the fact that it was there Praetor that said that while the Greeks got silent because they were shocked to hear that voice. Suddenly from in between the two groups came a young man with black messy hair dressed no longer in his praetor outfit but in a Camp Half-Blood t-shirt with tan shorts. He had a troublemakers smirk and was next to two people both wearing Camp Jupiter t-shirts. It was silent for at least three seconds before the Greeks all cried out "PERCY!" Percy was then tackled to the ground by many from Camp Half-Blood and *even tho she would never admit it* Clarreis was glad to see him. He laughed and hugged his friends and was talking until suddenly a bright flash happened and a wall appeared blocking both Camps from reaching Percy and each other. "Hey what gives?" said Travis Stoll. Suddenly however the hall silenced as they saw Annabeth looking at Percy with wide eyes only a few feet away from him. It was so quite you could hear a pin drop. Athena was looking at Percy with a glare and Posiedon was smiling brightly at both. Aphrodite looked like she was about to blow up with the adorableness. Suddenly they both ran to each other and kissed each other deeply. Camp Half-Blood cheered and Camp Jupiter gave small smiles and Aphrodite squealed in happiness. Suddenly Percy was flipped over with Annabeth's foot on his chest. "IF YOU EVER LEAVE ME AGIAN I SWEAR!" she's began before Percy laughed and replied back "Consider me warned I missed you too." They both hugged again before looking at their surroundings. "Lord Zeus why have you summoned us?" Percy asked truly confused. The Romans gasped and dropped to the ground while the Greeks just smirked at them. "Arise Romans." said Zeus. The Romans rose but looked at the gods with surprise and shock. "I did not summon you Percy Jackson." he replied when suddenly a bright light happened and there before the gods and demigods in the middle of the throne room lay a book. Athena grabbed it and read it out loud "The Shadow Lord" the demigods and gods looked puzzled at that while some gods spared a glance at Hades. Suddenly one of the Greek demigods a daughter of Hermes asked a question. "Why are there walls between us and the Romans and why are Percy and Annabeth the only ones allowed outside of them?" she asked. The gods were about to reply when a small flash happened and once again something fell down except instead of a book it was a note. Athena once again picked it up and began to read it. "Dear gods and demigods we have sent you this book as it tells the future after the Giant War. Its a warning about a darkness that is rising one that will return in only a few months. We have put up barriers between the two camps and only certain people are allowed in between them. These people are The Seven, Thalia Grace, Praetor Reyna,Grover Underwood and Rachel Elizabeth Dare. These people are important to the story you are about to read. Try not to kill anyone in the room. - The Fates. As soon as she finished reading the note the people mention were ported to the center along with Percy and Annabeth. Leo and Piper introduced themselves and so did Hazel and Frank along with Grover and Rachel. Reyna also introduced herself along with Thalia but the two leaders of the camps stared at each other for a minute. Finally both smiled and shook hands. "Percy Jackson nice to meet you Camp Jupiter can't seem to stop talking about you." he said. Jason laughed and replied back "Jason Grace man Camp Half-Blood never shut up about you." he said. While the two leaders introduced themselves the gods were looking at Poseidon and Zeus with smirks. "It seems your children get along better than both of you and your OLDER than them." said Demeter with a giggle. Zeus scowled and Poseidon gave a smile. Percy was then tackled by Thalia *who repeatedly punched him* and he then introduced their newest cousin. "Thalia meet Hazel Levesque she is are cousin a daughter of Pluto." he said. Hazel smiled slightly at Thalia and waved. Thalia smirked back at her. "Well its good thing your here now Death Breath won't be all alone." she said with a laugh. "Um who are you talking about?" asked Hazel. Thalia looked at Hazel and replied back "Nico Di Angelo son of Hades." The Romans overheard and gasped and Hazel's eyes widened. "Nico is GREEK!" she said with shock. Somewhere from the back of the Romans someone was screaming until he pushed his way to the front. "HE WAS A SPY THE CHILD OF PLUTO WAS A SPY!" he cried out. Thalia looked confused then turned into pure rage. "YOU KNOW HIM!" she cried out Hazel nodded. "He brought me back from the Underworld and brought me to camp." she said in a whisper. Thalia and the others eyes widened then soon the Greeks *who over heard* got in a rage. "HE KNEW ABOUT THE ROMAN CAMP AND WHERE PERCY WAS!" they cried out. However Hades *in one of his rare moments of compassion* defended his son. "I told him NOT to tell anyone about the camp he was told to bring Hazel there and thats all." he said. The gods glared at Hades for allowing his son to know the location of the Roman Camp before they allowed the Greeks to know. The Greeks nodded understanding what Hades was saying but were still VERY angry at the son of Hades. Thats when they noticed something. "Hey where is Nico anyway?" asked Thalia. They all started to look for the emo child until they realized he was not here. "He is not here." said most of the people. Then once again another note flashed in and floated down to Athena. She picked it up and began to read it out loud again. "Nico Di Angelo is right now unable for us to send here for he is in the hands of the Giants and Gaea is protecting them from are power as he is important to the story we will try to get him away from the Giants but will not be bringing him here." she read aloud. Tho very angry with the son of Hades Hazel paled and even Thalia and Percy got pale and Hades was even MORE pale with worry. "N..Ni..Nico is with the ..!?" she said with worry. Percy was pale and the two camps *mostly the Greeks* gasped. As the two camps and the gods thought of this news Chiron walked forward *he was next to the seven not in the shield* "May I suggest that we start reading the book?" he said. The gods nodded and the Greeks nodded while the Romans looked at Chiron with shock. "Agreed brother we shall begin reading. Athena would you like to start." said Zeus. Athena nodded and opened the book and began to read. Chapter 1: The Shadow Sword and Secret Room As soon as the chapter title was read Hades eyes widened and he paled even more. The ghostly guards stared down at the young man as he walked by. They cowered away a bit while some looked at him with indifference. The young man walked past several skeletal warriors and ghost guards as he walked threw the castle of Hades. Both camps whispered to each other. "Who would be at the castle of Hades? Why would anyone be allowed down there?" they asked each other. The only ones who were not really confused were Hades and Hazel who both had a idea of who this 'young man' could be. Athena kept on reading. The man walked down farther and father into the depths of the castle. He had been down here many times before but he decided to check out different halls. Lately he felt more accepted down here by the dead