" Is God willing to prevent Evil but not able to? Then he is not Omnipotent; Is he able but not willing? Then he is malevolent; Is he both able and willing? Then whence cometh Evil?; Is he neither willing or able? Then why call him god?" The Gods have always had a little too much fun with mortals. This story is no different than the other greek tales. But let me start off by saying I am a demigod and I need help. Now we all have a godly parent, but mine won't answer my only question, "Where is my family?" Lets start off the story when we first got to Camp Half-Blood… The sun barely pierced through the trees it had to be around mid-afternoon, my siblings and I barely made it to Long Island Sound. I had my sister under my arm as we raced to Camp-Halfblood while my two other brothers held off a Hydra without weapons. I saw the entrance to the Camp and I ran faster knowing the objective was so close, once I made it inside I lied my sister down against a tree and looked around to see if someone could help. "Anybody, help my sisters injured!" I looked around and saw some people running towards us from a weird white building. I was tempted to stay not only for my sisters safety, but because I could smell lunch and it's been weeks since I had a real meal. But my brothers won't be able to take down that hydra by themselves without getting themselves killed. I looked at my sister for one last time, I pet her blood matted hair and got up the people saw me I was now certain my sister was in good hands. I ran back to my brothers as I heard the fight escalate some, I turned a corner and there they were fighting a Hydra with their bare hands. Anthony was trying to lead it away from the camp by backstepping and hitting any of the heads that got too close to him. Ricky was on the other side being the aggressor by choking out the snakes and batting them away with a miscellaneous branch from the ground. Mind they weren't killing it but doing one hell of a job making sure it wouldn't fight for a long while. I joined the fight and as soon as I was in both of their fields of vision they both started to strike the monster more now. We fought against it like savages, it was very effective, we made sure never to be in the same place for too long and fast enough to do damage with time to retreat. We had no weapon so we didn't cut any of the heads it did have but made sure that the heads were useless. Right when we were about to run away from the monster one of the snakes must of grew a brain because it was able to read our movements. Anthony was running around it and he made a sudden leap to tangle some of the heads together but thats when they got smart, eight of the snake attacked him at once. He instinctively raised his arms to defend and the eight sank their fangs into his bare arms, the snakes continued to force Anthony back until the snakes pinned him against a tree. Ricky came to help Anthony but tripped over one of the unconscious snakes, and it seemed every snake felt it as they all turned to him. He tried to get back up but instead the snake wrapped themselves around him and squeezed until he turned blue. They tossed him aside as soon as his body went limp and he crashed against a tree, they turned to me with a venomous look and the largest of them coiled up getting ready for a powerful strike. I leaped backwards but it was hopeless I wouldn't get out of it's range in time, everything went slow I saw it up coil and aimed to bite my throat. I relaxed their was nothing we could do without a weapon 'So close yet so far away.' I thought as I looked back at our brief adventure. The snake was less than a meter away from my throat, then a flash of bronze appeared and the snakes head fell. I finally landed and everything went back in real time I looked to see a bronze dagger sticking out of a nearby tree. I looked at where the dagger was from and saw a curly golden blonde hair girl, She was tall, fit, and athletic. Her eyes were an intense shade of gray and had a look like she was angry at everyone, but a deeper look of sadness, besides that she looked like a typical California girl. She was handed another dagger and she stormed towards me, I unconsciously started to crawl away slowly. Right as she got between the Hydra and me the snake hissed at her with anger as the two new heads also gave her a evil look. She turned towards it and hissed back at both scaring and confusing it as it tried to retreat it got surrounded by armed demigods. She finally got to me and grabbed a handful of my black hair and started to drag me away and told the other demigods "Make sure it stays in the Tartarus for a long while." As she finished her statement all the demigods with red armor stormed it head on and I started to feel bad for the hydra that few couple of seconds I saw it. As she dragged me to the camp I noticed my brothers in gurneys being brought with me and as we entered the camp entrance she threw me in front of her. "Finally, I thought my hair was gonna start falling off." I said as I rubbed my head and the rest proceeded to take my brother elsewhere. "What the hell are you doing here?" She said standing with authority and keeping her dagger at the ready. I got up and brushed myself off and said "We were looking for somewhere to stay permanently, but I think this isn't the place for us." We stared at each other with burning looking waiting for the other to show any sign of weakness, a red head came by and saw the situation she came over and placed a hand on the blondes shoulder "Annabeth I think you owe our new camper an apology." Annabeth turned to the red head and shouted at her "Why should I, his reckless behavior is probably what caused his sisters injury!" I admit I got pissed and yelled back at her "It was that damn Hydra that been chasing us since the gods claimed us!" They both looked at me with interest. I got swallowed by the emotions I've been holding back away from my siblings and let it out right now "For some reason the gods decided to claim us as their children and then we were started to be attacked by monsters." "We stayed with our family for as long as we could, but we knew we'd be overrun by monsters so we decided to leave them and headed here." I got up and fixed myself wiping away tears and patted off dirt from my shirt I then turned to where I saw the other campers take my siblings and walked that direction. Rachael's POV: "Where do you think your going?" Annabeth called out and Manuel stopped in his track "I'm going to see my family," he said coldly and glanced at her with hate in his eye "if you want me to stop then kill me!" He continued to walk to where a crowd had gathered around a building and Annabeth got her knife ready to throw but I placed my hand on her shoulder. "Give me a good reason why I shouldn't throw this knife Rachael?" Annabeth asked with a tear forming in the corner of her eye. In which I responded with "Something tells me they may help us with this Percy problem." Annabeth put away her dagger and left. Manuel's POV: I went into the infirmary and saw my siblings resting on mats all of them looked worse then when they first got their injuries. Anthony arms have swelled twice its original size and puss was coming out from where the snakes had bitten him, his face was covered with sweat as his body tried to stop the poison. Ricky's chest was crushed making his body seemed skinnier than his usual barrel chest was and each breath was an effort for him, as he continued to attempt to breathe he would cough up blood. Joslin head was bandaged but she the color in her face had left her, nothing on earth that could help with injuries like these then one of the camper appeared with Lemon squares. I grabbed another persons shoulder and he turned to me, he was taller than me and his noticeable features were his brown hair with numbs sticking out and a wispy beard. "Why does he have lemon squares?" I asked and he looked at me with understanding eyes as he started to explain "Those are ambrosia squares they'll heal your siblings in no time." I still had no idea what he was talking about, like, what was ambrosia, what is this place I was sent to, and how did that guy have horns? These were questions I wanted answered now but I'll wait for my siblings to come to so they can hear the answers to. As the camper fed my siblings the squares I saw the recoveries was immediate all of the wounds closed and the colors in their face came back. I was relieved that they were fine and then I started to notice something the guy I just talked to had goat legs! After weeks of being chased by abnormal thing you could say I over reacted I pushed him away from me and call him out "Monster!" As the sea of people split I grabbed the first thing I saw that was on the floor, which was a bronze pen I clicked it for some unknown reason and it changed. Everyone gasped and I wasn't sure who was more shocked me or the crowd, I marveled at the blade for a second then several people tackled me to the ground. "What he's a monster?" I said trying to resist them, and according to them I started to get sweaty and hard to hold on to. The guy picked up the sword, clicked it and quickly put it in his pocket like if he was guarding it from someone. Annabeth stormed in and stood in front of me, the last person I wanted to see "He is a satyr, not a monster!" She said and then looked at another camper "You, give him a quick lesson in mythology so he get what this is." They took me away from my siblings promising they be healed for dinner, they left me with this girl, Katie, though we walked by ourselves I still felt the other camper staring at me. She told me what this place was and why I probably got sent here "One of your parents is a god here and they wanted you to come home." She sounded sure of herself "We've been getting a lot of campers after a deal has been made between us and our parents." "But I'd like to find your cabin!" She smiled and showed me all the cabins they all looked so cool to join, all the cabins almost seemed like an option to join. After the tour she took me to the middle of where all the cabins were "First question, what parent isn't your biological one, that you know of?" "Easy, my father." She wrote something down and crossed off