The bell above the door tinkled as the four teens wandered into the diner, their wands hidden up their sleeves and their eyes peeled for anything out of the ordinary. It was rumored that a couple of Death Eaters lived in the area, and the little team was sent to ensure that no Muggles were being harassed. They'd been frequenting the area for about a week, about a year after their graduation from Hogwarts, and were staying in an apartment the Order had secured for them about two blocks down. With no sign of any danger so far, they were all getting rather antsy. It was only a matter of time. "Booth or table?" Remus asked, attempting to rub the fatigue out of his eyes. He'd taken watch for the majority of the night. James scoffed, leading the way to a booth in the corner of the diner. "Booth, Moony. Booths are far superior." He let Lily slide in first, sitting down next to her. "Obviously," huffed Remus, sitting on the other side. Sirius took up the remaining seat, leaning back and tapping his fingers against the table. "I was just being polite, Prongs." "Lay off of him," the redhead next to James grinned, patting her boyfriend's shoulder. "He's tired." Before anyone else could argue, the waitress approached the table, pulling a pen from behind her ear and offering a chipper smile. She had blonde hair that, although it was held up in a messy twist by a pencil, was clearly a curly nest, and dark brown eyes that projected warmth. "Good morning, you four." They all looked up, offering weary smiles. "Can I start you with some drinks?" "Coffees all around, I think," Remus told her with a polite nod. The girl nodded and tucked her pen back behind her ear, flashing that smile once again. "Gotcha. I'll be right back with those." With that, she turned on her heel and marched off. "This is one of the places they're rumored to hang about," Lily murmured, straight to business. "One of us should probably keep watch here at all times." Moony nodded along with her words, grabbing a few napkins from the dispenser. That was their resident neat freak - not that Evans was any better. Sirius grunted and stood, startling James, who had begun to doze off into the crook of his elbow. "I've got to take a piss," the gray-eyed man announced, ignoring the way Lily crinkled her nose. "Careful, Pads," Remus said lowly, his mouth pressed into a grim line. He scoffed but nodded, shoving his hands into his pockets. "It's eight in the bloody morning. I'll be just peachy." Turning, he stalked toward the restroom in the corner of the diner, passing the waitress on his way past. She was shorter than he'd thought, barely coming up to his shoulder. The blonde offered him a smile as she walked by, a tray full of mugs in her hand, and maybe it was fatigue or just general insanity, but something made him stop and ask, "What's your name?" His eyes flicked down to her nametag, which was worn beyond legibility. She paused, turning, and blinked in confusion, a crease forming between her brows. She then made a noise of realization once she understood what he was talking about, her little hand flying up and rubbing over the edge of the nametag. "I've still got to get a new one," she explained with a laugh. It was loud, as if she forgot she could make that noise, and it made Sirius' morning just a little bit better. "My name's Annie." She extended her hand toward him. He stared at it for a moment, his mind screaming at him that this was just a Muggle girl, and he can't let her get attached to him. But she was looking at him with all the genuine kindness in the world, and he couldn't resist reaching out and giving her hand a polite shake. "Sirius," he replied. "Pleasure." "A pleasure indeed," she grinned, before heading back toward their table. It wasn't until he'd gotten into the bathroom and locked the door behind him that he realized she hadn't made some stupid remark about his name. The first time Sirius went into the diner to do surveillance alone was a Wednesday evening, and he was terribly bored. It wasn't until the third time, that following Tuesday morning, that he realized why. The explanation came in the form of a storm blowing into the little restaurant. She was frazzled, her hair still damp and one of her shoes unlaced. "I am so sorry, Vince!" she called, practically gliding behind the counter and kneeling down to put her apron on. The blonde quickly twisted her locks up into a knot, securing it with the pencil that was behind her ear. "My alarm clock didn't go off, I-" The ginger man stuck his head out of the kitchen window, looking her up and down before replying with a gruff "don't let it happen again, Clark." He disappeared back into the kitchen, and Annie's shoulders slump. She leaned back against the counter, looking up at the ceiling and taking a moment to collect herself. Sirius watched from his booth. He'd began to favor taking the one all the way in the corner. Lilly liked to sit up at the counter and chat politely with the waiters and waitresses, and James and Remus stuck with their original booth. After a minute or so, the blonde turned around and grabbed her notepad from under the counter, heading over to his booth. She gave him a bright smile. "Good morning, you. What was it, coffee and…?" He cleared his throat, remembering Lily's command to behave after Annie had asked her about her sweet friend Sirius. "French toast." She nodded, tucking the pad into her apron. "That's right, with extra powdered sugar. Just a minute." The girl turned around and headed back behind the counter. He took the time to look out the window, enjoying the mid-June sunshine. A group of children outside were as well, taking turns riding a bicycle in the yard across the street. Over the music playing in the diner - some woman sounding mopey - he could hear the birds chirping. It was a perfectly peaceful neighborhood, if you didn't count the ruthless Death Eaters hiding away. The thought made Sirius' blood boil, and he checked once again to ensure that his wand was still stowed up his sleeve. "Coffee," a voice next to him suddenly announced, followed by the gentle thud of the mug hitting the table. His head snapped to face her, cursing himself for being too lost in his thoughts to hear her coming. "And french toast, with extra powdered sugar." Annie also set down a container of hot syrup and some creamer and sugar. "Is that all I can get for you right now?" He nodded, offering the girl a stiff smile. "Thank you, Annie." She nodded and turned, returning to her spot behind the counter to speak to a customer sitting there. Sirius dug into his food, happy to have discovered on his second trip there that the french toast was to die for. He dumped two creams and three sugars into his coffee, because what was the point in keeping it bitter? Despite James, Remus, and even Lily's relentless teasing, he was proud. At least he had good coffee. As he was emptying his mug, Annie strolled back over, singing along to the music as if she wasn't even realizing it. "All the same, every time you hear his name." She swayed on her way to his booth, her eyes unfocused as they stared down at her notepad. "It sure brings out the love in your eyes." Her hip hit the table, and she looked up suddenly, her cheeks pink. "Sorry! More coffee?" He ducked his head to hide his grin and nodded, sliding his empty mug across to her. She laughed, picking up the mug and grabbing the coffee pot from over the counter, filling it up once again. "One of my favorite songs." "I like it, too." He hadn't cared for it when he'd heard it begin, but once she heard her voice drowning out the man's, it had certainly grown on him. "Let me know if you need anything else, Sirius," she said, reaching out to touch his shoulder before turning and strolling away. He exhaled. In July, Sirius finished off the last bite of his french toast, biting back the satisfied moan that threatened to spill past his lips. Mary's Diner truly did have the best french toast on the planet. He'd finished his coffee long ago when Annie offered to make it 'the Annie way'. She wouldn't tell him what she did, but it was absolutely heavenly. "All done?" she asked, walking over with the biggest grin on her face. He nodded, so she took his dishes and disappeared into the kitchen. He left a ten on the table, standing up and adjusting his collar. He walked over to the door, opening it just as Annie came back out, her hair down and wild and her apron somewhere else. "Done with your shift?" he guessed, unable to hold back his smile. She beamed and nodded, strolling over and reaching out to touch his arm. "Walk to me to my car, Sirius?" Perfectly logical move. A Death Eater could come out and curse her. "Of course." She led the way out and he followed, walking at her side with his hands shoved into his pockets as they headed for the side of the building. It was relatively silent, aside from the crickets, the nearby sound of traffic, and the humming coming from the short blonde. They stopped next to her car, a purple Morris Marina, and she turned around to smile up at him. The neon lights from the diner's sign washed over her, painting her in shades of violet. "Thank you kindly," she said, and all he could do was smile. "Not a problem at all," he replied, glancing around them to ensure that there were no lurking, bloodthirsty witches or wizards. "You're always doing that," she observed, a crease forming between her brows. It looked wrong. "You're always looking around like someone's about to attack you." Someone very well could. He forced a grin onto his face, shrugging. "Paranoia, I suppose. I'm surprised you've noticed." Her look of concern melts into a fond grin. "I always notice you, Sirius." She opened her car door, sliding in and looking up at him. "Thanks again. See you when I see you." He nodded his head. "See you when I see you." The next time Sirius entered the diner and sat down in his designated booth, he was a little disappointed when it was Anita who came bustling out of the kitchen, a notepad in her hand and a pen in the other. She headed over to his booth, all weary smiles. "What can I get you this fine morning?" He smiled politely back at her, requesting a coffee and their french toast. Just as she was jotting this down, the bell tinkled, and a familiar blonde strolled in. She cast a glance over to them and beamed. "Make sure there's extra powdered sugar on that, 'Nita," she called as she strolled over and sat down across from him. "I'll have the same thing." Anita rolled her eyes (fondly) and nodded, walking off. Annie grinned and looked back to Sirius, her eyes twinkling. "Good morning." He chuckled, confused but amused nonetheless. "Good morning. Day off?" The answer was clear - her hair was down, and she was in casual attire rather than the uniform the waitresses wore. "Sure is. I figured you'd be here, and I decided I'd come pay you a visit anyways." Sirius blinked, trying to ignore the warmth filling his chest. "Little old me?" She nodded, looking rather pleased with herself. "See,