Disclaimer: I own nothing Tolkien created. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Mirkwood's Plague II: Aftermath ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ A/N: Ok, here we go. The sequel to 'Mirkwood's Plague'. Thisfic is a follow-up to that story and you really do need to read it before you start this one or it'll make very little sense to you. A quick warning: later on in this story there will be a romantic relationship between Legolas and Glorfindel – nothing at all explicit will be taking place and it will be more of a comfort thing. However, if that's not your thing then don't read it and I won't hold it against you. If you do like this kind of story though I hope you enjoy it and remember to leave a review, I love getting them. If you leave a signed review then I'll try to get back to you, at the very least to offer a thank you. Right, after all that, let's get on with the story. ~*~ Chapter 1 - Realisations ~*~ Thranduil tapped lightly on Legolas' door, balancing a tray holding a mug of steaming tea and a slice of buttered, toasted bread. After receiving no response Thranduil knocked again, slightly louder and called out his son's name softly. "Legolas, may I come in?" he asked but there was still no answer. Ignoring the lack of invitation Thranduil turned the handle and entered his son's spacious rooms. All the doors inside were open so Thranduil walked straight into the bedroom. Legolas had closed all the curtains, shutting out the sunlight and casting the room into pleasant semi-darkness. Thranduil placed the tray on the table and sat down on the edge of his son's large bed. Legolas had not even stirred when his father entered and he didn't seem to notice him even now as he stretched out his hand and placed it on Legolas' warm cheek. Smiling, Thranduil took his son's thin hand. "Legolas," he called softly, squeezing his hand. Still the younger Elf didn't so much as stir. Despite himself, Thranduil laughed softly. Although he had come in especially to wake Legolas, Thranduil could honestly have sat there all day long watching his son sleeping peacefully. He looked so peaceful laid there, snuggled beneath a mass of thick, warm blankets. He lay slightly on his side, his long blonde hair fanned out on the pillow beneath his head. His eyes remained closed and although it looked slightly strange to see him sleeping deeply rather than in the usual light Elven reverie there was no doubt that the Prince of Mirkwood had earned the right to rest peacefully. However, the King had come here to wake his son and he had to do so, no matter how much he hated it. "Legolas, come on, time to wake up, ion nin." Legolas rolled fully onto his side and mumbled something incoherent. "I know," Thranduil soothed sympathetically. Rather reluctantly, Legolas opened his eyes and focused on his father. "Ada?" he asked croakily, detaching Thranduil's hand from his own and rubbing his eyes to clear the blurriness away. "I am sorry to wake you," Thranduil smiled as Legolas propped himself up on the pillows, obviously still sleepy. "I brought you some breakfast." "You didn't have to do that," Legolas sighed. "I wanted to. Besides, you need to eat something," Thranduil told him, placing the tray on his son's lap. "I'm really not hungry, Ada." "Maybe not but you still have to eat, even if only a little. You need to build up your strength." Legolas sighed dramatically. "Would you please just let me do my father thing and fuss over you for a little while?" Legolas smiled up at his father. "I think after everything you've been through – everything I've put you through – it's only right that I get to spoil you a bit. So, I have brought you breakfast. Now, eat it and stop complaining." "Ada, you know I don't blame you for…" "I know, I know. You've told me a hundred times. But I still feel bad for leaving you in the thick of it with no support whilst I slept peacefully." "You weren't sleeping, you were unconscious. I said it wasn't your fault and I meant it. This isn't in any way your fault," Legolas said firmly, reluctantly taking a small bite of his toast and a sip of the tea, if nothing else than to please his father. Although Thranduil wanted to continue this conversation he knew Legolas wouldn't say anything further so he dropped the subject and watched his son slowly eat his breakfast. "Ada, later today I thought I might…" "No," Thranduil said shortly, stopping what he knew was coming. "You don't even know what I was going to say," Legolas protested incredulously. "You were going to ask to go down and help with the repairs or to see if there is anything you can do in the Great Hall and I'm saying 'absolutely not'." "I just think that I…" "…Should be lying in bed, not worrying about anything but getting better." Legolas sighed. "I feel bad just lying here doing nothing whilst everyone else is trying to help Mirkwood recover. What if someone needs me?" Thranduil smiled gently and removed the tray from Legolas' lap so he could talk to his son properly without distractions. "The only thing I need you to be doing is resting, not worrying about what is happening outside this room. I can handle everything. Besides, Aragorn, Gandalf and Elrond are still helping. Listen, I know you feel helpless just sitting here but you have done more than enough already. Just let me take the reins for a while. There is nothing that you can do right now anyway. Trust me, sometimes even I feel like I'm getting in the way down there." For a moment Legolas didn't look at his father. He didn't dare to look at him. He finally summoned up the courage to meet his eyes and Thranduil was startled by the emotion shining in them. "I'm worried about you," he admitted quietly. "Legolas," Thranduil whispered softly, taking his son's hand. "You don't have to be concerned about me. I'm fine." "You're not fine. You can't be," Legolas said, again looking away from his father. "Why not?" the King smiled. "Because I'm not fine." Legolas looked up to find his father watching him in surprise. He was obviously not expecting such a confession from his proud son. He smiled softly. "I suppose you're right. But it wasn't me who led our people through this. It wasn't me who put my life on the line to protect Mirkwood's people. By no stretch of the imagination do I believe that I saved all those lives. That was all you, Legolas. You have done more than enough and I don't want you under that kind of pressure right now. Elrond says you need to rest, to recover – and before you say anything, I agree with him." Legolas nodded softly, not sure how much longer he could continue arguing this matter with his father; he was growing tired of it. "So, go back to sleep and try not to worry about me. I am taking it easy, I promise and the others are all helping me, alright?" Legolas nodded wearily. "Alright." "Try to go back to sleep now." "You need to rest too," Legolas said as his father helped him lie flat again. "I will, I promise. Rest now." This time Legolas didn't argue and found himself quickly drifting back off into much-needed sleep. Thranduil watched him sleep for long minutes. It was hard to believe what his son had gone through and that he had still come out the other side. He wondered whether he would have had the strength to carry on in the face of everything that had happened in the kingdom during his son's forced rule. After all, he had crumbled at the very first hurdle. Rumil's death had sent him over the edge and yet the young prince – always the quieter of his two boys – had pulled himself together and not only recovered from that loss but had endured having to watch his old friends and subjects slowly dying, knowing there was nothing he could do to help them. It was difficult to picture Legolas doing all that when he now looked so small and vulnerable buried beneath the mass of blankets. Not that the prince didn't deserve the rest he was allowed now because he really, truly did. He too had suffered greatly from the disease, more so than most, and he was still paying for it now. It was a chore for him to even get out of bed anymore. Thranduil decided to give his son some time alone to rest. He went straight to the Great Hall, which remained one giant healing hall for the still-recovering patients. The healers had sent a great number of people back to their own homes in an effort to clear the palace but some were still too sick to move and Elrond had ordered them to not even bother trying. Over the past couple of days, Thranduil had been trying his best to help with the clean-up but Elrond and the others had taken up most of the slack, wanting the King to rest up as much as possible after his own sickness. Trying to keep the King away from his people was harder than it had been to keep Legolas away so eventually they had all but given up. Aragorn was charged with keeping a close eye on him, something the young King of Gondor was eager to do anyway. If nothing else it had offered him a distraction from the terrible death and destruction all around him. People were already getting better but the palace was still filled with the cries of the sick and the dying. Unfortunately, although the palace was slowly being cleared, Aragorn found it difficult to escape the cruel reality of what had happened. Patients still lay in the rooms in all the beds they had left. People still milled around the corridors looking sad and lost. Some were patients who wanted to offer help but most were healers, obviously still in shock at everything that had happened. Upon entering the Great Hall, Thranduil immediately searched for Aragorn. As usual, the man was walking through the people, offering help wherever he could. "King Elessar," Thranduil formally greeted as he approached. Aragorn looked up when he heard the official title. Thranduil had always refused to call him anything other than 'Aragorn' or 'Estel' up until a few days ago. He seemed to have greatly warmed to the King of Gondor of late. "King Thranduil," he smiled back warmly. Thranduil returned the gesture despite the terrible scene in the hall around him. "I've just been to see Legolas." "Ah. How is he?" Aragorn asked, now giving Thranduil his full attention. Thranduil's smile fell and he became serious. "He's still putting on a brave face but I can see that he's exhausted." Aragorn nodded grimly. "He probably will be for a while. He suffered a great deal with that disease. And the cure wasn't exactly without its side-effects." "I know. He just seems so…" "He went through a lot, Thranduil. Just give him some time. Let him recover from the physical effects before you start questioning his emotional state." "I know. I just wish there was something more I could do." "Just let him rest for a while. He deserves to have a little down-time." Thranduil's smile returned. "Thank you. I really appreciate everything you are doing, Aragorn. I heard you were a massive help to my son through all this. I cannot thank you enough for that." Genuinely surprised, Aragorn didn't quite know what to say. It wasn't like the King to be nice to anyone, least of all the King of Men. "I didn't do anything," he said modestly. "No. You got him through