Disclaimer: I own nothing Tolkien created. OIOI Summary: After receiving a cryptic message from Mirkwood, Lord Elrond hurries to the aid of the realm's troubled Crown Prince and discovers that things now are so very different for both of them. Warning: This story is about a romantic relationship between the two main characters – Elrond and Legolas. It concentrates almost solely on the friendship and comfort side of the relationship and there are no explicit scenes or anything that could really be described as slash. However, if you really don't like that kind of thing then please don't read. OIOIOIOI As You Were OIOIOIOIOIO Chapter 1 OIO As he approached the courtyard of Mirkwood's palace, Lord Elrond slowed his horse, shivering slightly as the cold crept into him, chilling him even beneath his thick cloak and tunic. He looked around himself but even through the thick fog he could tell that the large courtyard was empty of people. Frowning deeply, Elrond's hand instinctively strayed to the hilt of his sword, ready for anything that might jump out at him from the dense fog. The overly quiet forest and empty roads had seemed strange but now, seeing the palace dark and deserted, it was, for lack of a better word, creepy. No guards challenged him as he neared the doors to the palace. In fact, it looked as if there weren't even any guards on duty. Suddenly more alert, Elrond wished that he had heeded his seneschal Glorfindel's advice and let some of his own guards accompany him on this journey. Only the fact that the letter he'd received had been so desperate and insistent that he come to Mirkwood alone had persuaded him to make the long, occasionally perilous journey on his own. Now he deeply regretted that decision. He had never felt so lonely upon entering a place, as if it were draining all his spirit from his soul. Straightening up on his steed, Elrond shook off these thoughts and focused on why he had made this trip in the first place. In his breast pocket rested the carefully folded letter from the Crown Prince of Mirkwood. Given that Legolas and he had not parted on the best of terms, he'd been surprised when a messenger had handed him an envelope bearing the seal of Mirkwood. Even more surprising was the tone of the letter was so very different to anything he had ever gotten from the young prince. Not that communication between them was usually that great anyway but this was infinitely more disturbing. It was easy to recall the hastily scrawled words on the page. Elrond, I know that it has been a long time since I last wrote to you but I write now pleading for your aid. My father had been seriously hurt. None of the healers here have been able to help. I fear he is lost to me and I have no where else to turn. I beg of you, please come to Mirkwood with all haste. Legolas Short and vague: two things that in the past Legolas had never been in their letters. Of course, things had changed so very much in the past few years. After almost two hundred years involved romantically they – or rather, Legolas – had ended things and it had not been an entirely amicable separation. It wasn't that Elrond was angry, just disappointed that the prince had bent to his father's wishes and bowed out of their relationship. Hence, contact between them had been strained and formal when it did occur. And yet despite all this bad feeling between them, Elrond had left Imladris just hours after receiving the cryptic letter, ignoring his family's concerns about a renewed involvement with the prince, and had raced toward Mirkwood as fast as his horse could carry him. His head told him that no good could come from riding to Legolas' rescue but his heart could not abandon the person he loved in what was clearly his time of need. Besides, apparently Thranduil needed help too and he definitely couldn't ignore the King of Mirkwood. He supposed that given everything that had occurred between him and Legolas, the prince would not have contacted him unless it was a genuine emergency. Coming back to the present, Elrond pulled his horse to a halt by the steps leading up to the large front doors of the palace. No stable hands rushed forward to take his horse but he easily dismounted and pulled his own light bags down, quietly instructing his horse to remain where he was for the time being. The worn out mount shook his head in compliance so Elrond walked slowly up the steps. For the first time in all his many visits to Mirkwood, the tall double doors were closed tightly. Walking up to them, Elrond laid his palm against the cool wood and pushed, finding that doors were actually unlocked. Shoving them open, he stepped into the cavernous entrance hall. Despite the fact that it was only minutes after dawn, none of the lamps were lit and the hall was dark and freezing cold. His footsteps, however light against the flagstone, echoed throughout the hall. "Elrond," a familiar voice echoed in the dark, making Elrond startle slightly. He spun around to find Legolas standing before him. "You came." "So I did." Legolas stepped forward but remained at a respectful distance. There was a time, Elrond remembered, that he would have been immediately surrounded by enthusiastic arms and held close. "Not much of a welcome," the Elven Lord noted, pointedly looking around the hall. Something strange flickered through Legolas' eyes but the prince answered softly, "I'm sorry. Things have been, well…Welcome." A smile tugged at Elrond's lips and he expected Legolas to return the gesture but the prince remained stoic. "Thank you. I came as soon as I got your letter. Although I admit to being surprised that…" "Come, let us go somewhere we can talk in private," Legolas interrupted. "Right, of course." "This way." Legolas stepped past him and led him through a door on the other side of the entrance hall. No lights shone in the hallways either but Legolas did not seem at all concerned by this, striding onwards without even glancing behind him at his guest. Deciding not to comment for the time being, Elrond followed in silence. He saw no one on the way, not one servant scrambling to help their beloved prince or guard fussing over his safety and well-being. It was strange to say the least. Usually, they had to fight to get even a moment alone. Now it was just the two of them in the empty palace of Mirkwood though, it just felt wrong. Elrond quickened his pace to walk beside Legolas and asked in a hushed voice, "Where is everyone?" "Not here," Legolas muttered, not looking across. "Clearly," the Lord of Imladris mumbled. Legolas ignored him though, not rising to the bait. With a sigh, Elrond fell back and followed again, trying to figure out where exactly they were going. Certainly it wasn't anywhere he had been before. As they entered yet another hallway, Elrond noticed a light burning ahead. Whilst he found himself pleased for the light he noticed that Legolas tensed up even further. He did, however, slow his pace then come to a stop outside what Elrond recognised to be the Throne Room. "Wait here please," Legolas told him, barely looking at Elrond before he opened the door, slipped inside and closed it tight behind him. "No problem," Elrond muttered under his breath to the empty corridor. As he waited for Legolas to return, Elrond looked around the room he now stood in, the antechamber to the Throne Room. No Elves stood guard outside the doors but still Elrond felt uneasy. There was no doubt at all that something was seriously wrong here; he just didn't know what. As he paced back and forward, Elrond strained his hearing to hear what was being said behind the doors but he couldn't hear anything at all from inside. Just when he thought that he had been abandoned completely, the doors opened and Legolas appeared, looking even more grim-faced than before. He walked right past the Elven Lord but Elrond did not follow him, waiting stubbornly for an explanation. However, Elrond was not going to get an explanation. Legolas stepped back over to him and took his arm, pulling him forward. "Legolas, what…?" "Come with me," the prince said simply, pulling Elrond from the antechamber and down the corridor. As they went further and further from the Throne Room, Legolas sped up until he was practically jogging down the corridors, dragging Elrond behind him, unconcerned by the darkness. Once again, Elrond didn't recognise the halls but Legolas knew where he was going. He moved with confidence but there was something different about the young prince. After years together, first as friends then something more, Elrond knew the prince better than anyone, apart from his father, and he could tell something was wrong. As they neared the more familiar corridors though, Legolas slowed, releasing Elrond's arm. "Thank you for coming," the prince said softly, glancing over his shoulder at the Elven Lord. "Of course." "I appreciate it." "Your letter sounded urgent. I got here as fast as I could," Elrond said, hoping for a reaction but Legolas did not bite. He just kept walking onwards, taking what Elrond now recognised to be a roundabout route towards the royal apartments. "Legolas, do you want to tell me what's going on?" "I asked you here to look at my father." "Is he injured?" "There was an attack on the palace; he was hurt." "Your own healers couldn't help?" the Lord of Imladris asked in confusion. Once more, Legolas hesitated but seemed to decide to answer this time. However, before he could form a reply, the prince stumbled, reaching out for the wall to steady himself before he fell. Elrond's hand instantly went to his back to support him. "Are you all right?" Elrond asked in concern, taking Legolas' arm as the blonde Elf closed his eyes. Legolas nodded, opening his eyes, which he didn't even realise had slid closed. He pushed away from the wall and shook Elrond's hand off. Rather reluctantly, Elrond stepped back, his eyes still fixed on the younger Elf, looking for signs that something was wrong. In the slightly better light, Elrond could see how pale Legolas was; dark circles shadowed his eyes and looked altogether unsteady and shaky. "Come and sit down, let me take a look at you," Elrond offered, reaching out to take Legolas' arm again. However, Legolas pulled away again, as if suddenly afraid of the Elven Lord. "No, I'm fine." "You are clearly not fine," Elrond pointed out, his concern growing. "I'm just tired, that's all. It's been a long few weeks," the prince said in little more than a whisper. "All the more reason for you to sit down." "No! Please, just look at my father. Please, Elrond," Legolas almost begged. There was such pleading in Legolas' voice and on his face that Elrond was forced to nod in agreement. "I suppose you can sit whilst I look at the King." The prince nodded sharply and turned to walk away again, acutely aware of Elrond's eyes watching his every move, looking for another slip-up. Thankfully, the Prince of Mirkwood was well-practiced in disguising his troubles from others, especially Elrond. Mostly, the Elven Lord could see right through him but he had learned how to keep things even from his closest friend. Once more striding confidently, Legolas now took the direct route to the King's quarters. As they neared the place, Elrond saw the first guards since his arrival. They stood strictly to attention outside the doors but did not react as Legolas passed them by, not so much as a polite salute. Legolas was normally quite lenient with his staff but