Title: Tangled Summary: Tannis Killiken's grandfather has skeletons in his closet. Tom Riddle wants to know what they are. Rating: T(+) Author's Notes: This is the first story I've published in a looong time, and the first on this account. Thanks for checking it out. :) Please note that there is a possible trigger warning in this chapter for self harm, although "self harm," as you understand it, is not what's being depicted. Anyway! On with the show. Chapter One The cellars were deathly cold, this far underground. Tannis shivered as she looked down at the strange golden knife that sat heavy in the palm of her hand. The ring of candles she had placed meticulously around her sigil flickered in an unfelt breeze, and the chalk circle she had drawn on the cellar floor appeared to transmogrify wildly in the candlelight. Wrapping her fingers firmly around the dagger's handle, she leaned over to read in the dim light, running a finger along the words of the heavy old book she had found hidden in the locked cabinet inside her grandfather's study. When her hair touched the page, the words wiggled, as if written in something living. Grandfather had told her that things this old had stories, lives of their own. This book must have lived many lives, she thought, given how peculiar it was. In the time she had spent poring over its pages, searching and wishing, it had begun to hum, to resonate, to call to her when she wasn't there. The closer she got, the better to read, the stronger its hum became. It seemed to pulsate with her every breath, like a heartbeat, as though it were eager to absorb her magic, to swallow her whole. When she read from it, she smelled lilies, molasses, something odd and smoky. In anticipation, or perhaps in fear, she felt her hands begin to shake. "Aperi vulnere mors enim generandi," she whispered. "Offero refundens perdidisti, ita ut supra, possunt infra." The unfamiliar language rolled off her tongue from nights spent practicing, hidden quietly beneath the cover of her quilt. The flames around her lengthened, tall and straight, like the trunks of soldier pines. The air became thick with something alien, and Tannis felt as though she had been submerged in temperate water. The lengths of her dark hair lifted around her head like a halo, suspended in the mounting energy her incantation had produced, and the interior of her chalk circle had turned an inky black, seemingly untouched by the light of the candles. The spell inside the grimoire was glowing. She shook harder now; Tannis tightened her grip on the knife, breathing as deeply as she could manage in the spell's building pressure. Extending her forearm above the void she had created inside the circle, she closed her eyes. Her voice wavered as she spoke. " Revorto ," she pleaded, digging the knife into the flesh of her arm. She squeezed her eyes tight, anticipating the pain, but felt none. Reopening them, one at a time, she looked down at the wound. Though her arms had begun to shake as the pressure around her grew, and her blood, black in the darkness of the cellar, had started to flow downwards to her wrist, it was as if she had but touched her skin with a feather, the end of a quill. Her eyes, however, were full of tears. Some pains were more difficult to ignore. " Revorto ," repeated Tannis, rotating her arm. The blood dripped from her wrists to the floor— into the floor, she realized with a start. Immediately, the spell in the book ceased to glow; the candles around her burned out. She nearly cried out, overcome with dread. It didn't work, she bemused, shrouded in doubt and darkness. She shut her eyes, hot, fat tears streaming down her face. Then, the spell worked. Suddenly, the candles were relit—enormous pillars of bright green flame—and the floor beneath her opened. She screamed, falling into the rapidly expanding abyss, and her hands clutched desperately at the book that remained where it had been, seemingly suspended over the void her spell had created. Her crying worsened. The book was steady, as if still sat on the cellar floor, but how long could she hold on? There was a deafening roar in the air around her, like the yawn of an enormous beast awakened from its slumber. The pressure she had felt continued to intensify, and worse, now; her nose began to bleed. Tannis clamped her eyes shut once more, fading quickly, waiting for death. In the back of her mind, she could see her mother's smile, the fire that had stolen her. Praemonitus, praemunitus. She wondered what mum would think if she saw her now. Above her head, a great white light erupted, shining bright above the abyss. The green glow of the candles strained against it, battling to defend against the intrusion, and created a dome over the chasm that blinded her. She could not see the wizard who saved her as he walked across the abysm, as if it were a ceiling made of glass, but she felt herself pulled suddenly from the depths of the void, cradled in strong, familiar arms. " Finite ," he said—strong, frightened, angry—and raised his wand. The darkness screamed, and Tannis fainted, the front of her jumper covered in blood. August, 1943 Tannis Killiken and her grandfather lived in the same bastle house near the Bowmont Water that their family had lived in for centuries. Some summer nights, she would walk barefoot across the wold to dip her feet in the river and look up at the stars, searching for constellations. On good nights, she could make out the giant Ophiuchus, his starlight serpent languishing brightly across the sky. Sometimes, she would sit on the riverbank and think of her mother, and wonder if she, too, could ever learn to bring back the dead. If the secret was hidden anywhere, Tannis used to imagine, it would be in the cellars below the house, which tunneled underground for what felt like forever, and were full of the myriad and mysterious curios her grandfather had collected over his career: dog eared books (that sometimes barked), doxy skeletons as small as her hands, looking glasses you should never look into, and a great many things she was sure she'd never seen, never dreamed of, and never would, if grandfather had his way. Years spent searching for sympathetic artifacts, experimenting, cataloguing for her grandfather, had left her with nothing more than dashed hopes and lost innocence. As she grew, her hopes had faded, replaced with the demands of her lessons, the direction of her future. "Magic can't make the dead living again, Tan," grandfather had told her solemnly once as they sat on the roof of the house one late summer night, his face cast in the light of one of his floating fires she had been so fond of as a girl. She had just turned eleven, and asked him what sort of magic they taught at Hogwarts. "Your mother is still here, with us," her grandfather had said. "She hasn't gone anywhere. There's nowhere to bring her back from." But if she wasn't gone, why did she miss her so badly? Acamar Killiken was as good a guardian as any, and better. He was the kind of man whose magic was palpable, an accomplished academic who had been in Ravenclaw himself in his own day, just like Tannis and her mother before her. But he was no replacement for mum. Her mother may have lacked the decades of experience her grandfather possessed, but she had been a remarkable witch in her own way, always experimenting, pushing limits. Still, growing up in her grandfather's care had its own unique benefits, and under his dedicated encouragement, Tannis was fast becoming a first-rate witch. He meant the world to her, for that and more. August was a busy month for Tannis and her grandfather. For Tannis, its coming signaled that the new term was ever faster approaching. While her homework was done, and had been done for ages, she had her own projects to wrap up. Grandfather let her practice her potion craft over holidays, because it was both her passion and inherently difficult for the Ministry to trace. She had spent this summer like many before it, poring over strange old tomes that she'd wager even Slughorn hadn't seen, brewing tonics, toying with exotic ingredients. This was seductive and undeniably formative, but made for messy work. The top cellar—the only one she was allowed into on her own, anymore—was littered with open books and half-full apothecary jars, which would each need to be tidied, catalogued, and replenished when she went to London for her school shopping. In her grandfather's case, the wizard was preparing for a long trip to South America, which meant the kitchen table was about as messy as the cellar, or worse, but instead with yellowed maps and scattered piles of curious bits of equipment. "Unfinished business," he had called the expedition, reassuring her that while he was no spring mandrake, he had lived half his life living out of a rucksack, and now that she was older, it was the perfect—and perhaps final—opportunity for him to revisit his work. "When they write me, after you've died," she had countered, "I'd appreciate it if they did it in English." The old man smiled at that, digging into a poached egg over breakfast one morning. "When are you going to London? You're running out of time." "Soon, soon," she waved her hand, deflecting the question. "I don't want to go myself, and the Foxing-Lessons are still in Tasmania on holiday. Got to wait for Darley. I'd never hear the end of it if I went without her." The later, the better, as far as Tannis was concerned. This far north, they had escaped much of the dangers of the Muggle war, and the Muggle world held little mystery for her. The morning she finally received the owl—an abominable sort of long ear she knew was called Philomena—Tannis made her final trek of the summer down to the Water, and read the note in the twilight hours on the riverbank. The stationery was a regal shade of indigo, gilded by Darletta Foxing-Lessons' signature ostentatious script, which was printed in a handsome silver ink. As always, she would meet her friend at Sugarplum's, on Wednesday at high noon, 'and you'd better have my jumper! xoxo' She stared out at the river and listened to the sounds of late summer, reveling in the crisp August air. The sky was a haze of misty blues and ochres, and the trees and weeds were alive with a symphony of doves and crickets. The river babbled, smooth and quiet, and the grass beneath her was long and soft. She looked back over her shoulder, and saw the telltale smoke beginning to rise from the bastle chimney. Supper would be ready soon; grandfather would expect her back, before long. For a solitary moment, she felt an immense, unnamed sadness, and could not draw her eye from it as it danced up and away to meet the brightly glowing clouds. This would be her sixth year at Hogwarts, and by the sound of things, when she returned home for Christmas, grandfather wouldn't be here to receive her. How many more Christmases would they have together, before she left home, or she lost grandfather to his studies, like she'd lost mum? What if this term was as tumultuous as the last—what if she was the one who ended up dead? She couldn't say why— probably nothing, she told herself—but somewhere deep within, she felt the unsteady pull one feels when standing on the edge of a precipice. Between what and where, she wasn't sure. There was simply something in the air, and grandfather had raised her to always put stock in