" It's like you're screaming, and no one can hear you. You almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important. That without them, you feel like nothing." - We Found Love, Rihanna (Beginning Narration) 1. Home There would never be anything more beautiful than First Beach in La Push, Washington, I decided as I walked pleasantly along the shore. The feel of sand on my toes and the damp breeze of the Olympic Peninsula took me back, to the last day I'd spent on the beach two summers before. The sun was just beginning to break through the clouds and the water continued to crash to shore with the wind, the cliffs looking nothing short of breathtaking. I climbed up the slope, heading to a small cul-de-sac that was nestled between First Beach and a never-ending amount of trees. When the tiny, red house came into view, my pulse began to quicken and I mentally wondered if I should just high-tail it back to my car. I could do this tomorrow, right? I sighed dramatically. No, tomorrow was my job-searching day. Everything about this house looked exactly the same. The small porch was painted a dark brown, with a ramp coming off the side in place of steps, an array of empty flower pots were scattered on the opposite side, and right in the middle was the tattered rocking chair that Sarah used to sit in while the kids all played in the front yard. Still exactly the same . Nothing big ever happened around here, did it? Before I had time to change my mind, I was knocking on the front door and praying that nobody would be home. No such luck, of course. I could hear the wheelchair squeak against the old linoleum of the kitchen just like I'd seen happen a dozen times. The door opened with a loud creak and I was suddenly face to face with Billy Black. Silence. I wasn't sure what to say to him at this point and I was still secretly hoping that this was an illusion. His eyes searched my face for a moment before dropping to the saran-wrapped pie that was in my hands. "Well what the hell are you standing out here for?" Billy guffawed, a playful smile on his lips. "Come on in and let me get a taste of that pie." I was filled with relief at the invitation, even if it was only because everybody knew that I made the best pies from La Push to Tacoma. I entered the small kitchen and shut the door behind me, following Billy to the round, wooden table that was in the center of the room. Three chairs sat around it, with a space for Billy to pull his wheelchair up to. I pulled out the drawer by the sink and prided myself in still knowing where the silverware was. I grabbed a fork and sat the pie directly in front of Billy. "It's blackberry," I told him. "Fresh, too. Made it this morning." His eyes lit up and I watched him take a large fork-full into his mouth, completely satisfied. My eyes swept over the place, taking in all the pictures that were hung on the far wall. The couch was worn, along with just about everything else in the house, and everything was in the same spot since the last time I'd been here. The coffee table and the counters were cluttered with mail and old paper plates, and I wrinkled my nose in disgust at the awful, rotten smell that hit me. In all the summers that I'd spent on the couch of the Black's, I'd never seen this place look so horrifying. When Sarah was still alive, things were always immaculate. But even after her death, the place had never looked this bad. A little cluttered, yeah. But this was disgusting. My eyes flickered over to the bedroom that belonged to Jacob and my heart skipped a beat. The door was wide open, and his bed was a mess of red sheets but there was absolutely no sign of Jacob. Which then reminded me why I was here. "Hey, Billy," I focused back to him. He'd already eaten half the pie, and he gave me an impish grin. I rolled my eyes but grinned back. "Do you know where I could find Jacob?" Billy's majestic eyes shot up to mine almost instantly, a stunned expression on his face. "I would have thought that your dad had told you," he murmured quietly, putting down his fork. "We got in late last night, and I came straight over here this morning," I explained to him, confusion clear in my voice. "Why? What's going on?" "You might want to sit down for this," he said as he laid back in his chair. I obliged and looked at him expectantly, mildly terrified of what he was going to say. Had Jacob told him that he didn't want anything to do with me anymore? Had he found someone else? My mind was spinning with a dozen questions before he finally spoke again. "Jake ran away." I blinked. "What?" Billy sighed. "He had a rough year, and things got pretty shaky, so he took off a couple weeks ago. Said he'd be back when he was ready." Another blink. "Are you serious?" He nodded, a sad look appearing on his face. I tried to wrap my mind around the situation. Things got hard and Jacob left. He just, left. That didn't sound at all like the Jacob that I'd known and loved for the last nineteen years of my life. With Jacob, when things got hard, you learned how to deal with it. You never ran away. "What happened?" I asked, still in shock. Billy shrugged, but didn't say another word. He'd always been the type of parent to let Jacob be. He needed to make his own mistakes and learn from himself. Billy would explain his side but then typically let Jacob experience things for himself. So it honestly didn't surprise me in the slightest that when Jacob decided to run away, Billy just accepted it. I tried to think of all the things that could possibly go wrong in Jacob's life that he would need to run away. Maybe it had something to do with school? Or Quil and Embry ? As much as it pained me to wonder, maybe a girl? I knew Jacob like the back of my own hand. Hell, I probably even knew him better. There had to be some other reason for him leaving. Billy's rough voice interrupted my inner monologue after a few moments. "Look, I'm gonna be honest with you, Lily," he started. "Jacob's changed a lot. He's a completely different person from the boy you spent days on the beach with. He's had to grow up fast and he got a lot of responsibility in the tribe this year. It's made him a little bitter. Maybe, and I'm just throwing this out there, but maybe it'd be best if you just spent this summer focusing on something else. He probably won't come back until you leave for college in the fall, anyways." I gaped at him. Something was definitely up. Did he actually leave? Or was he just planning on avoiding me all summer? Sure, things hadn't ended the greatest for us, but Jacob couldn't ever hold a grudge to save his life. I figured a fresh pie would help persuade him to listen to my pleas for forgiveness. "That'll be kind of hard," I said quietly, closing my eyes and trying to fight back the tears. "Because I'm not leaving at the end of the summer." … If there was anybody in this entire state of Washington that would tell me what was really up, it would be Quil Ateara. He was one of Jacob's best friends and he was the worst secret-keeper that I'd ever met in my entire life. He was usually the last person to know anything and it drove him absolutely crazy, but he had nobody to blame but himself. His mom had answered the door and explained that he wasn't home but he was probably at Emily Young's house. This stopped me in my tracks. Quil wasn't friends with Emily Young – basically nobody on the reservation was since everything went down with Leah. Something was definitely up around here, I decided as I drove down a long, gravelly driveway that ended at a two-story yellow house that was extremely well-kept. White window boxes hung from the window sills, with beautiful violets popping out. The house seemed new, but lived-in, like it could tell a pretty interesting story. As soon as I cut the engine, three men exited the house with strange expressions on their faces. Two of them were completely shirtless and another was wearing a t-shirt. I sat in the truck for a moment, examining the faces. I should have known that Sam Uley would be here, considering he was engaged to Emily. Things with the two of us hadn't ended so hot since I told him to fuck off at Harry's funeral when he tried to speak to Leah about something private . I sighed and hopped out of the truck, eyeing the men as I slowly walked towards the porch. The one whose face was familiar spoke first. "Can I help you?" His voice was menacing, almost like a warning. My eyes narrowed. "I was actually looking for Quil Ateara," I replied. "Have you seen him?" Sam was about to say something before his eyes focused on something behind me. "Well it must be your lucky day," I heard Quil's voice boom. I spun around, a smile across my face, and tackled him in a hug. He laughed at the urgency but hugged me back all the same. "Dude, I've missed you," I breathed, pulling back to properly examine him. His face had lost the boyish feature that he'd possessed for all those years and he'd definitely gotten bigger, but other than that he was basically the same. "Has anyone ever told you that steroids are bad for you?" "Oh how I've missed your sarcasm," he rolled his eyes at my jab but pulled me in for another hug. "So, what brings you here?" I shifted uncomfortably, my eyes falling to the ground. "I need to talk to you about something, but it's kind of private." Quil only nodded, glancing to the porch. My eyes went with him and I examined the porch of boys intently. I recognized a few features of Embry Call and my mouth nearly fell open. Last time I'd seen him he was tall and lean, but now muscles covered every inch of his chest and arms. He smiled warmly at me and I returned the gesture. Still shy, I see. The other three were staring at me with intrigued expressions. One of them had a hard look on his face, almost as if he was angry. His muscles were much more impressive compared to the others and I felt this insatiable need to run my hands along his chest and up his neck. His stare became colder as the seconds ticked by, but rather than cowering away from the glare, I winked, which was then returned with a smirk. "Is it cool if we go down to the beach?" Quil directed the question towards Sam, which only confused me further. "Yeah," Sam replied easily. "Your shift starts at nine." Quil nodded, pulling at my wrist, and we climbed into my car, heading for the beach. "I honestly didn't even know if you were coming this summer," Quil started and I grinned over at him. He'd never been very good at small talk and I could almost bet that he knew what I was needing to speak to him about. "I'm actually here permanently," I said. Quil's eyes lit up at my statement at the