The Cullen Brood Summary: The Cullen kids as…well…kids, and all the ups and downs of Carlisle and Esme trying to raise their five vampire children. Summary sucks. Will contain spanking of minor vampire children when necessary. AN: This is my first story I've really ever become so dedicated to finishing. I don't really know why I wrote this but I've enjoyed it so far and already have the first seven chapters complete which are the stories of the kids if they were turned younger. This story does contain corporal punishment and if you don't like it don't read it. Please review, favorite, and follow! Chapter 1: Edward's Story Edward POV It was currently December 24th, 1918, just one day before Christmas. Most kids would be thrilled to see what Santa was bringing them the next day. They'd be outside right now, playing in the Chicago snow with their parents. I'm only nine, I should want to be outside with my Dad, sledding and building snowmen, and then running inside to my mom when it gets too cold to stand and have some hot cocoa. That wasn't going to happen though, it never was going to happen again because my father was dead, and my mother and I were dying. Father had died in the first wave of the sickness now called the Spanish Influenza and my mother and I had caught it during the second wave. I felt miserable; part of me just wished I would go ahead and die. It was hard to breathe, I felt hot, weak, shaky. I just wanted it to end. Our doctor, Dr. Cullen, would hold my hand and sit with me. He'd comfort me because my mother was too weak to get out of bed. I really liked him. I knew something was wrong when a nurse whispered in his ear and he immediately left my bedside. I was lonely, cold, miserable. I could literally feel myself getting sicker by the minute. After a rather long coughing spell, Dr. Cullen returned, and rubbed my back a little. I was getting closer to dying, I could feel it, and I was sure that the doctor knew as well. I was only vaguely aware when I noticed the doctor lift me in his arms and then I knew I must be dreaming when I felt myself flying through the cold air. The only thing making me think this was reality was my never ending coughing, which the doctor just kept apologizing for, saying we were almost there. I only opened my eyes when I felt the doctor put me down and I felt the soft mattress underneath me. I watched, too weak to do anything but watch, as Dr. Cullen wrapped quilts around me and then rubbed my forehead with his thumb. Where were we? Why weren't we in the hospital. "I'm so sorry little one, I'm so sorry." The doctor told me. I was confused by this, what did he mean by that? Why was he sorry? I felt him turn my head a little bit and then lean in. I could feel his cold breath on the side of my neck and was very confused for a moment but then the feeling of my skin being pierced startled me enough that I couldn't help but scream. "I know, this is going to help you though." Dr. Cullen told me. I wanted to beg him to stop as he took my arm in his hand and then bit again. He bit both of my wrists before he finally abided with my pleading for him to stop. "It'll all be over soon, you'll see." Dr. Cullen promised me. I simply nodded through my sobs and he gently pushed my hair off of my forehead, holding my hand in his. It was something my mother would have done, not my father, he wasn't nearly as affectionate, but something my mother would have done. I felt tears trickle down my cheeks, she was dead. My mother was dead. "Just relax little one, just close your eyes. If you sleep it'll be over quicker." Dr. Cullen told me. How could I sleep? It hurt way to bad to sleep. I managed to close my eyes but I was definitely not sleeping. I wanted to sleep. I wanted to sleep and never wake up again. I fell asleep right around two days of the pain and then the next thing I remember is waking up. I remember I was first aware of how clear everything looked around me, the molding on the walls, the details on everything. I could even hear the cars on a nearby road. "He must be thirsty, he needs to feed." I heard Dr. Cullen say. "Feed?" I asked confused. "Edward, did you hear that?" He asked curiously. "Of course I did." I shrugged. "Why, should I not have?" "I didn't voice it." Dr. Cullen told me. "I wonder if…I've never seen a mind reader like this though, Aro has to have physical contact but I guess it could be possible." "Who's Aro?" I asked curiously. "You heard that too?" Dr. Cullen asked. "You didn't speak that either, did you?" I asked. "No." He disagreed. "This is fascinating, very fascinating." "So I can read minds?" I asked. "I suppose you can." Dr. Cullen told me. "But we have an eternity to discuss that, first you must be thirsty and I also owe you an explanation." "My throat burns." I admitted. "That means you need to hunt." He told me. "You're a vampire Edward. I turned you because your mother begged me to do everything in my power to save you. As a vampire you are an immortal now." "So when you say hunt….do you mean hurt people?" I asked nervously. I didn't want to hurt anyone. "No" He disagreed "most vampires do drink from humans but I've learned to live off of the blood of animals." "But how do I…" I trailed off, confused by this. "It'll come natural. We should go." Dr. Cullen told me. "Dr. Cullen?" I asked. "Please Edward, just call me Carlisle." Dr. Cullen corrected. "Okay um, Carlisle, is my mother…did she…?" I trailed off wanting confirmation on what I had assumed. "I'm so sorry Edward, she didn't make it." Dr. Cullen told me softly. "Okay." I agreed trying to comprehend this. "It'll get better with time." Dr. Cullen told me softly as he placed a hand on my back. "We should head to the woods to hunt." Dr. Cullen led me outside and to the backyard of his home before taking off running. I hesitated. He was so fast, I didn't understand how I was supposed to keep up with him. Dr. Cullen returned quickly and crouched in front of me. "You're just as fast, try running after me." He directed. This time I took off running after him, surprised by how quickly my legs took me. I couldn't help but start laughing as I ran. It was remarkable, how fun this was. I found myself passing Dr. Cullen and turned to see him but then heard a loud thud and realized I had run full on into a tree, completely knocking it over. That didn't even hurt though, I didn't even trip and fall. "How?" I simply asked as Dr. Cullen came to a halt beside me. "You're more indestructible than almost everything on this planet. The only thing that can cause harm to you are other vampires." He told me. I watched Dr. Cullen literally pick up the large fallen tree and move it off our path. How did he do that? I couldn't help but try to lift it as well, finding it as light as a feather. I could get used to being like this. "Here, stop." Dr. Cullen directed me as he stood beside me. "Close your eyes and tell me what you smell." "It smells…sweet…good." I told him. "Listen, what do you hear?" He asked. "Footprints, a heard maybe? Deer?" I asked. "It's a heard of elk." Dr. Cullen agreed. "Now just let your mind tell you what to do." As the scent got stronger, I couldn't help it. I ran towards the heard and jumped on the closest one, finding myself biting into it and drinking it dry. It tasted, well, good. I didn't understand why I knew how to do this or why the blood tasted good to me. I still felt that burn in my throat so I quickly chased down the under and drained it as well, followed by a third. I stood up and looked at my clothes, now covered in blood. "You'll get better at staying clean with time." Dr. Cullen told me. "Does your throat still burn?" "Not as bad." I told him. "For your first few months we will hunt at least every other day. You won't need as much blood once you mature some but for now, you're going to be thirsty more than you're not." Dr. Cullen told me. "I'll go into town in the morning and get you some new clothes and then you and I are going to relocate." "We're moving?" I asked. "It would be dangerous if someone recognized you. Our existence must stay a secret; it is one of our most important bylaws." Dr. Cullen told me. "Let's get back home and I'll tell you more about us." I found myself in new clothes and running alongside Dr. Cullen the next night. He told me we were heading to Ashville, North Carolina where we would be able to stay for a few years, until someone noticed that one of us looked too young for our age. The first year with Carlisle was mostly just us at our new home. He stayed off the radar quite a bit, as did I, because he wanted to make sure I was alright at home in my "newborn" stage. When 1919 rolled around he began picking up shifts at the hospital. During the day, I'd study. Carlisle had set up a few lesson plans for me to read up on while he worked. Once I finished with my daily lessons, I only had one rule: stay in the house. I still wasn't allowed out on my own, mostly as precaution. I blame it on being eternally nine, that I suddenly thought it would be a good idea to disobey my ever patient coven leader, no, he was more than that to me, he was more like a father? I hoped he could one day be my father, he certainly acted more like a father than my biological father had. Today I had decided to go into town. I'd been to town with Carlisle a few times and had done fine. I would go to town and have some fun and return home before Carlisle returned from work. No harm done. I ran to town and then began walking near the shops. I had some money, I decided to head into the toy store. "Oh aren't you just the most adorable thing. You're Dr. Cullen's boy right?" The older southern woman asked. "I am." I agreed. "What are you looking for dear?" She asked. "Just looking." I told her. She nodded and I looked around the store, settling on the set of three bird whistles and a Tom Tinker. I took them up to the cash register and placed them on the counter. "That'll be 78 cents dear." She told me. I counted out the right amount of change and pushed it towards her which she recounted. "Thank you Miss." I told her. "You're very welcome honey." She told me. I allowed myself to breathe for the first time since I had entered town and was overwhelmed with her scent. So sweet, so much more intoxicating than even the sweetest of mountain lions I had smelled. I literally felt my mouth water as I turned and quickly made my way out the door. Before I