A/N: This is one part of what will be a multi-chapter exploration of wizard-Muggle relations. At the end of the chapter are translations and sources. Valencia, Aragon. July 29, 1492. 5 th of Av, 5252. Judah Marimunchel looked up from where he was folding shirts to pack in a chest in order to glare better at his wife. "You should be packing." Shoshanna Marimunchel glared right back at him. "There are more important things to do." She was holding one of his nicer doublets. "The thirty first," he said tightly, "is in two days. There is nothing more important than packing right now." She sighed, and looked at him like he was a worm. It was a very familiar look to Judah: his family were common merchant-traders, while Shoshanna came from a family that produced a rabbi every generation. "And how were you planning to pay for anything?" He put down the shirt in his hands. Rocking back on his heels, he said, "I was under the impression we couldn't take any money." The Edict of Expulsion had been issued four months before. In that time, Judah knew, most Jews had been waiting, praying that something would change. It had not. In two days, they had to leave Spain, convert, or die. Judah had chosen to leave, as had most of his family. Why not? There was nothing left for them in Spain, after all. Shoshanna just rolled her eyes and handed him the doublet. He nearly dropped it in surprise at the weight. "What did you—?" "They can't take the money they don't find," she said sourly. "Open it." Judah unhooked the fastener and stared at the dozens and dozens of little pockets sewn into the lining of his doublet. "One coin in each so they can't make noise." She wiped her hands on her skirt. "That should buy us a plot of land somewhere." He stood up and pulled the doublet on, admiring the way it hung from him now. "I thought the first problem was getting passage out of here," he said slowly, feeling like, once again, his wife was several steps ahead. Shoshanna looked away in a way that meant she was uncomfortable. "I already have a way. A safe way. I didn't tell you because I thought…" "If you're going to say you thought I wouldn't believe you," he said, approaching her, "think again. I married you for a reason." Here he was on comfortable ground. Shoshanna, he felt, was too smart for her own good with a mind that ran leaps and bounds ahead of any common sense; to this he provided understanding and acceptance, and often a wry comment that put rest to her fears. She smiled slightly and kissed his cheek. "Well, then, it's with David. He has a way out." " David ?" he squeaked, emphasis on the second syllable. "Your little brother David?" Shoshanna gave him a look that said, plain as day, this is why I thought you wouldn't believe me . "Yes, David. He can get us out, safely. For free." He stared at her. David was younger than Shoshanna and a rabbi's apprentice. He wasn't remotely the sort of man Judah would expect to be in the business of smuggling humans. She threw her hands up in the air. "Follow me downstairs if you will, but there's no better option." She turned and marched down the stairs to their main room. After a moment, Judah followed her. It wasn't the first time his wife had confused him, nor would it be the last. Shoshanna went to the fireplace and reached into a vase that had been a wedding present from her family to pull out…powder? He watched, bemused, as she bent down and threw the powder into the flames. And the fire turned bright green. Judah stumbled backward and bumped into the stairs. Sometimes rabbis dabbled in alchemy, he knew that, but he had never suspected his wife of being involved in such. "Stay where you are," Shoshanna said to him before kneeling down and—he jerked forward in spite of her words—putting her head in the flames. There was no screaming or smell of burning. Judah had been to an auto-da-fé but this was not that; Shoshanna was very still, but he didn't think she was in pain. He intended to have a good talk with her about this alchemy but she had moved deliberately and he was sure she had reason. Indeed, minutes later, Shoshanna pulled her head out of the fire and stood up. Her hair was unburnt and still tucked up under a kerchief; although her face was worried, there were no scorch marks on it either. "Stay back," she said, stepping away from the fire herself. Confused, he remained where he was. "Shoshanna—" He gestured at the fire. Shoshanna didn't say anything—she didn't have to. There was shortly a second head in the fire, followed by shoulders and arms, and then his brother-in-law was shoving himself out of the kitchen fire and onto the floor, accompanied by a shower of soot. "That works better with a fireplace, I swear," David said, standing up and brushing himself off. "Shalom, Judah." Judah stared at him. "Shalom, David." Wordless, he waved a hand at the fire—which, as he watched, faded from brilliant green back to orange. David grinned. His beard was scraggly, in large part because he was only twenty one. "Floo powder, isn't it grand? Rabbi Moshe was the first to get permission from the English to use it, but it was Rabbi Yochanan who worked out the formula, and since then we've been adding families to the web, but it's been slow going, thanks to Their Majesties." His eyes flicked upward. "Oh and I am sorry for adding you without asking first, but I figured you were in a bit of a hurry." Judah blinked. He had understood every word in that but the first, only David seemed to be using them in new ways and he hadn't at all explained why the fire had turned green and was spitting people out in his home. Shoshanna blushed. "I haven't told him," she said to David. David looked between his sister and Judah. "Huh," he said after a moment. "Well. I have a bit of a schedule to keep to, so what if we take you somewhere safe first and then you can have a very fascinating conversation with just the two of you. Where're your bags?" "I was in the process of packing," Judah said, feeling like he should take some control over this situation. "What do you mean we ?" David raised his eyebrows. "Do you mean you're not done yet? You only have two days." Judah thought that was rather condescending of him, considering he still had soot on his nose. "It'll be done tonight," he said firmly. "I'm not going anywhere until you've explained." Sighing, David ran his hands through his hair. "I really am serious about the schedule. Perhaps this: I have a way to get you and Shoshanna and all your possessions to Marseille, and there onto a ship to Constantinople? All you need to do is pack." Judah stared at him but his brother-in-law, while often flippant, rarely went back on his word. "France closed the borders. We can't get through." "We can." David calmly met his eyes. "I promise you, I can take you somewhere safe." After a moment to consider, Judah nodded. "I will need a hand with the chests, then." Less than an hour later Judah had finished packing all their movable belongings. Furniture would have to stay, as would most of the pots and pans, but experience packing trader's wagons helped him fit almost everything else in. David wasn't tapping his feet but seemed awfully close to it. "Good? Good." He pulled a narrow stick out of his doublet and waved it over the closest chest. Judah watched in astonishment as the chest shrank to the size of a thimble. "Not an alchemist," he said quietly. "A witch ." "A sorcerer," David corrected, and shrank the next two chests. "A witch gets her powers from the Devil. I do not." He turned to look at Shoshanna. "Ready?" She looked around at the bare walls and empty kitchen. "I had better be." David bent down and scooped up the chests into one hand, then held the other out to Shoshanna. "Judah, take her other hand and try not to breathe." "What?" Judah said. David did something, turned himself somehow, and the world turned with him. Their house's stone walls turned the colours of the rainbow and then twisted and blurred together. Judah could no longer feel stone under his feet, just Shoshanna's hand in his. Then everything rushed back in, and stone walls were replaced with wood. Judah felt the urge to vomit and swayed unsteadily on his feet. David took their chests back out and restored them, looking smug. "Welcome to France." Judah swallowed hard, trying to get his footing back under him. "I want my explanations." Looking abashed, David said, "It's a little complicated but…I am a sorcerer." He turned bright red just as another man entered the room. "Apprentice. A sorcerer apprentice." Hastily he put the chests down and returned them to their original size. "In training," the new man said dryly. "I am Rabbi Yochanon ben Ezra. I assume you are David's family?" Judah bowed instinctively. "Rabbi. I am Judah Marimunchel of Valencia and this is my wife Shoshanna." Rabbi Yochanon smiled. "Shalom. You have some questions? Let me get you seating first." He pulled a stick from his robe—a stick just like David's—and waved it several times. Each time, a wooden chair sprouted from the tip and fell gently to the floor. Judah stared at the chairs and the rabbi in equal measure. "Ah," Rabbi Yochanon said gently. "No one explained to you, did they? Just pulled out a wand and cast magic without pausing to think of you." He smiled. "I stood where you are, once. I was smaller then, but the same effect." He sat in the closest chair, folding his hands in his lap. Judah shook his head. "I'm just a merchant. Now I'm to believe that my brother-in-law is an alchemist?" David scoffed. "More than that, Judah. A sorcerer. " Rabbi Yochanon looked sternly at David. "We do not mock those who have not had the chance to learn." As David looked abashed, the rabbi turned back to Judah. "HaShem gave to all of us gifts. To some of us, he gave a spark of creation, which we call sorcery." His voice was calm but intense. "It is a gift, and a tool. It can be misused, and you must be taught how to work it. It can be found in families, but not consistently. Some children are born to parents who know of sorcery only what the goyim preach." He inclined his head. "Others," and he looked at Shoshanna as he spoke, "are born to sorcerous parents but have no magic of their own." "Our parents are sorcerers," Shoshanna said quietly. "But I never had any…" She shrugged, eyes sad. "So when I was old enough for shidduch, my parents looked for a man who I could be an equal to, not a lesser." Judah looked at her and sat in one of the provided chairs. "You gave up more than their money," he said, surprised he was no longer bitter over the difference between their families. "I gained ," she said with quiet heat, but cut off at a gesture from Rabbi Yochanon. "Many sorcerers become rabbis, as one leads naturally to the other," the rabbi said. "And many of us have been watching the progression of events in their Majesty's court with apprehension. And some of us," here he smiled wickedly, "have been preparing ways to rescue the Jews of Sepharad from the Inquisition." Judah nodded, beginning to get his bearings again. So