Sometimes a person's mind is bombarded by its muse with a strange barrage of ideas, and this time I happened to be at my laptop when this happened. My fingers ran away with me and half an hour later this strange story had appeared on my screen. Hopefully it will make sense to someone else, and no one will take it too seriously. It's supposed to show the way in which some people love characters of fiction so much that they become real in their minds. I guess here of all places, I have the best chance of people understanding this feeling! I am not JRR Tolkien, I did not create the world of middle-Earth and nor did I create any of the characters except Sarah in the following story. It's simply a tribute to his and many other authors' genius. Enjoy! The story of a girl who loved stories to life. Sarah sat in front of her laptop screen, flicking through several hundred of the pictures she's downloaded off the internet. One face was present throughout. Long blonde hair. Solemn expression. Various eye colours. Lean but well muscled body. In many pictures he held a bow, or two knives. Legolas. She sighed the word. The double clicked a different folder, this one contained fan-made pictures of the Legolas inspired book. She scrolled through them, deleting one here and there, discarding those which didn't match her idea of what her man should be like. And he was her man. He was hers, and she'd willingly give her life to him. Sarah both loved and hated Tolkien, the creator of her love. His was the brilliant mind which had conjured Legolas from the mists of the limbo-plane, where authors visited in their subconscious and conjured characters from the infinite possibilities. She owed him for the creation of Legolas, her one and only love. Yet she hated him too. She hated him for being the constant reminder that Legolas was a work of fiction, just as easily dissolving back into the mists of the limbo-plane Tolkien had created him from, just as thousands of other characters who had been created and then forgotten. "I will not forget him, he lives in my mind." Sarah whispered to herself. Far away, a creature of shadow heard her whisper, the desperation and hint of madness her voice carried. "This man lives in your mind, and in your dreams." It whispered back, though none heard it. "Let us journey there, and see what happens." That night, when Sarah had turned off her laptop and fallen into sleep, the creature of shadow spread its wings and soared faster than sound to Sarah's window, and breathed a stream of air into the night. Sarah's spirit was caught in the stream, and was stolen away into the world of dreams – more deeply in than any human wishing to wake again should go. The shadow creature took wing once more, and with a quiet sigh, followed Sarah, to watch, to wait. In the dream world, Sarah wandered around, lost, confused. Images swirled past her. A giant spider, a hillside pierced with round doors, a city in the treetops, an army on a suicide charge, a child with golden hair running joyously down a path. The dream creature was sifting through Sarah's mind, to find the right scene. The images swirled, of not much more substance than smoke. And Sarah did not recognise them as scenes from her favoured legendarium, for she was not herself at that moment. Then a figure appeared, and she loved this one almost as well as Legolas. "Beleg!" Sarah gasped, and ran towards the elf, as she had done so many times in her day dreams. At that moment Sarah became Nellas as she thought Nellas should be. Raven haired, dressed in the wild but lovely garments of an elvish maid of the trees, and the lover of Beleg. Beleg smiled, and held out his arms to her. So immersed was Sarah in the belief that she was Nellas, that she remembered, truly remembered the time when Beleg had sought her out to act as witness in the defence of Turin at his trial. She remembered his hand upon her waist as he guided her through the court to stand before the king, and the gentle smile he had encouraged her with. "I was told you died, that Turin killed you in a fit of madness. But you live! You live!" Sarah/Nellas cried, tears pouring down her face, so wild was she with grief and joy. Beleg buried his face in her hair, and held her tightly. He whispered something, and a memory stirred in the mind of Sarah, distancing her from Nellas. A memory of her mother, holding her tightly like that, and whispering on the night before her first day of school… The creature of shadows ground its teeth, and spat in irritation. With a single word, the scene was gone. Sarah was Nellas no more, and Beleg was forgotten. Now she stood on the edge of a raging inferno, hot air blasting her face and exhaustion making her shoulders bow. Her feet were bare, but she felt no pain from the sharp, volcanic rocks. Her shirt, once white but now stained with dirt, venom and blood, was torn and hung from her emaciated shoulders. And torn felt her heart, as she watched Frodo struggle at the edge of the cliff with the loathed creature Gollum. "Frodo!" She cried in horror, as he slipped. Sarah was now Sam, but the female version of Sam that Sarah had created in her mind. This Sam, Samalia Gamgee, maid and cook of Frodo had accompanied Frodo on the journey. Now the creature of Shadow had found those stories Sarah had created for herself, and gone on to create and plant memories in her head. Sarah remembered the fear she's felt as they'd been captured by Faramir and his men, of the heart wrenching grief she'd felt when Shelob had bitten Frodo and she'd had to leave him for dead, the terrifying trek through the Dead Marsh, and the soul consuming hate and jealousy of Gollum. Sam/Sarah ran forward to the edge of the cliff, and threw herself down trying to see her beloved master, and hope filled her soul as she saw him swinging there by one hand. Anger then invaded, as she saw the hopelessness on his face, and knew as well as if he had spoken the words that he wanted to let go, to end it all there and then. "Don't you dare!" She shrieked. "Don't you let go!" The face changed, but only slightly. Now there was uncertainty, indecision. "Reach!" she cried, willing him with all her soul to live. The shadow creature crowed in ecstasy as the girl it had stolen created so much emotion, a veritable feast of joy and rage and despair and hope. This is what it wanted, for Sarah to lose herself in the dream. Only creatures of the real world could create so much feeling, and this feeling is what the creature thrived on. But something else changed. "Sarah." Whispered Frodo. Shock passed Sarah/Sam's face. That name – so unfamiliar, yet so…like a half remembered dream… The shadow creature opened its eyes in shock and rage. What was this? The dreams couldn't do that! They were of the imagination, and nothing more. The girl must have done it, something must have reminded her of her real life. The creature whipped its hand with the sound of a crack and the image disappeared once more. Now Sarah sat a-horse, a hobbit in front of her. She was Eowyn, ready to ride into battle and die, for she had lost hope in the world. "Courage Merry, courage for our friends." Sarah was immediately Eowyn; she was so willing to believe in any of the characters the shadow creature made her. Now, as Eowyn, a quiet rage and desperate longing for something just out of reach filled her. The creature smiled, and enjoyed this new emotion. Sarah/Eowyn gripped Merry's arm, willing some of her courage to pass onto the scared little hobbit. She liked him, she was half-hoping to live, to protect this little creature who had so much to live for. And she knew he loved her too, not in a romantic way, but in a cross between the way a knight of old loves his queen, and the way he loves his brother-in-ams. For she was both to him. They fiercely loved and wished to protect each other. The shadow creature blinked in surprise: Not only was Sarah giving the character she became emotion, but she was giving the other dream-characters emotions and feelings. Double the emotion, double the food, double the strength for the shadow creature! But before the creature had time to realise, Sarah had once more remembered something, and Merry turned to face her. His removed his helmet so her could look at her properly, and he smiled. "Sarah." He began. "I do not think…" But the shadow creature panicked, and shrieked the word which would remove Sarah from Eowyn's mind. No, the dream characters didn't think, they could not be real, they couldn't be speaking to Sarah that way! They were not real, they were not anything except what the author who had made them imagined them to be! What was going on? The shadow creature created a new scenario, and in a moment, Sarah became the dying Boromir. It was always a risk, the shadow creature knew, to make a human girl into a male character, but this girl, this Sarah, was so in love with each and every character that she seamlessly fit into him, and became him. Sarah/Boromir gasped, short, shallow breaths as life slipped from him, and mourned the hobbits he had tried to save. He'd loved them like a father, and he knew they'd saved him from going mad and killing Frodo to get the Ring. There, what was that noise? Those running footsteps? Oh, it was Aragorn back from killing the Uruk who had been about to finish him off. Aragorn fell to his knees at Sarah/Boromir's side, and went to pluck the arrows from his chest. Aragorn's grief, regret and guilt ripped at him. He had never liked Boromir much, never trusted him, and resented the fact that Boromir felt himself worthy to take the throne of Gondor. But he had sacrificed himself to save the hobbits, whom he had never sworn to die for. He did it not from a sense of duty, as many soldiers would, but of love. Aragorn admired him for that. And he was of Gondor, and loved him like a brother now after seeing his heart. Boromir/Sarah rushed to tell Aragorn about the hobbits, trying to make him understand that they were gone, that the Uruks had taken them, that they should go after them. But Aragorn sat there, doing nothing, and it frustrated Sarah/Boromir. Gimli appeared in the corner of his vision, and immediately the shadow creature felt the complex range of emotions Sarah sub-consciously created for him. It laughed, but stopped short as another figure appeared…Legolas. He was running. "Sarah!" Immediately a memory burst forth, ripping Sarah's mind from Boromir's. Her love, or obsession, or whatever you may call it, was too strong even for the strong connection she had created between them, and for a split second Sarah was aware, knew all, knew what was happening to her. The shadow creature howled in anger, furious at itself for forgetting Sarah's passion for Legolas and allowing this to happen. The creature waved its hands once more, and Sarah was in a new scenario. The shadow creature was angry, and hadn't wanted to do this scene, but things were getting serious. Sarah's love for these characters was strong, stronger than the shadow creature ever imagined a human's could be. Was this why the creatures were coming to life? And