Everything around me was enveloped in darkness. Not a sound could be heard for miles away and the only thing I knew was that there was someone next to me holding onto my hand like I was their only lifeline. Although I couldn't actually see who it was, I knew that it was my brother with me. I could sense it through the familiar grip of his hand and, for some reason, I felt like that I would be safe from anything around me as long as he was by my side. My heart suddenly quickened when I heard voices around me. It was impossible to understand what was being said, but I knew that it wasn't a good conversation judging by the tone. The grip on my hand tightened as a man's voice screamed something else and a sudden fear through across my body. My eyes searches for the person that was creating this noise, but I found nothing but the blackness that I was bathed in. There was more yelling from a woman, but the man shrieked something loudly over her and my eyes widened. The blackness suddenly turned into a blinding green light that made me wish that I couldn't see anything. When I heard a sickening laugh surround me, I suddenly found myself screaming in fear and I closed my eyes hoping that it would all go away. When the laugh went away, I couldn't shake the fear that had crept through my bones. The only thing I could hear now was the sound of my screams as they echoed around me. Then there was a sudden pounding on wood that sounded off next to me that made the screaming stop. "Would you silence yourself girl!" an angry voice shouted. "You've woken up the whole house!" My eyes flew open and I looked around to find that I was in a small, dimly lit room that I recognized to be the closet that I slept in every night. With a sudden rush of relief, I realized it had all been a dream - a dream I had every night, but a dream nonetheless. When I heard another loud tap on the door, I jumped and hit the shelf that was above my head. "Get out of there now!" Aunt Petunia shouted. "Dudley's friend should be over soon and he hasn't even eaten breakfast!" I opened the door of my make-shift room and grabbed a stool that sat just around the corner of it so I could reach the clothes that sat on the shelves at the very top of the closet. Before I slept in here, this room had been my aunt's linen closet. Uncle Vernon had to pull out most of the lower shelves so I could have a place to sleep, but luckily it was a fairly large space for a closet and just large enough that my small body could fit in. After finding the old, worn out clothes that had once belonged to my aunt, I rushed off towards the bathroom so I could change out of the enormous nightgown that I was given to wear. Once I was changed, I looked in the mirror and sighed at how ridiculous I looked. The dress I was wearing was a dull pink with little yellow flowers peppered all over it. This horrid thing had once belonged to Aunt Petunia and it didn't look anything like the dresses that the girls at school wore - that was probably why I was laughed at so much. If that wasn't the reason that they laughed at me, then it was because I was related to the school bully, Dudley Dursley, who hated my brother and me very much. Dudley was my cousin, but there was nothing that we had in common other than the fact that my mother happened to his mother's sister. Dudley was a mean, oversized boy who liked to prey on anyone that was smaller than him - especially Harry and me. He had perfectly combed blonde hair on top of his abnormally pudgy head and had a loud mouth that constantly shouted for more sweets from his mother. Dudley always got what he wanted from his parents - there were no if's, and's, or but's about it. Vernon and Petunia Dursley were one in the same and I hated them equally. Uncle Vernon was practically Dudley in adult form - the only differences seemed to be the color of their hair and Uncle Vernon's large, black mustache that sat perched above his upper lip. Like Dudley, Uncle Vernon had a temper, but his was ten times worse and he always took it out on Harry and me even when it wasn't our fault. Aunt Petunia, unlike her husband and son, was a frail, little woman that spent the majority of her time nosing around the neighborhood so she could figure out the town gossip. Although she didn't like us at all, she seemed to be less violent towards us and only became irritable when we spoke directly to her. Harry and I were completely different than the family that we lived with. Harry, my twin brother, was an abnormally skinny boy with jet black hair that always looked messed up not matter how much you brushed it. Behind his round, constantly broken glasses he had bright green eyes that were identical to mine. Although I was his twin, we didn't really look that much alike. I had red hair that stretched down passed my shoulders and I had no need for glasses because my vision was nearly perfect. One more thing that we shared in common were our scars and there wasn't anything normal about them. Harry's scar sat in the middle of his forehead and was in the shape of a lightning bolt along; whereas mine ran from the right side of my forehead, and disappeared into my hairline. It was only a couple of shades darker than my pale skin tone. "Come on Rose!" Harry shouted from outside of the bathroom. I shook my head and focused on what was happening today as I pushed through the door and walked towards the kitchen to meet Harry where we would make breakfast. Today was Dudley's eleventh birthday which meant that Harry and I were going to be sent over to Mrs. Figg's house while he went out with a friend of his to have loads of fun without us. This year it was the zoo - something that I have dreamed of going to ever since I saw Dudley watching a show on television about how animals survive in the wild. Normally we're happy when we don't have to be around the Dursleys, but Mrs. Figg wasn't any better. She is an old woman that lives just down the street from us and she has to own about a million cats and takes the time to show us pictures of every single one of them while we're there. It's horrible. "Rose - get over here and make the eggs and toast," Aunt Petunia demanded when I stepped into the room behind Harry. "And you - take over the bacon." I nodded and stepped over in front of the frying pan were the eggs were already starting to cook. I flipped them around in the pan and shoved a couple of pieces of bread in the toaster with my other hand. Just as I let out a loud yawn, I noticed that someone else had joined our group - Dudley was finally awake. "Where are they?" Dudley asked expectantly. "Your presents are right over there," Aunt Petunia said with excitement. Only a few feet away from the kitchen table was an enormous pile of gifts for Dudley's birthday. I stared at my cousin in envy as he walked over to them. As usual he began to count each one of them to see just how many of them there were. If I even received one gift from the Dursleys I would be grateful, but there was not chance of that unless it was something that Aunt Petunia had found in the lost-and-found at the school. It had been years since either of us had gotten anything from them, but we learned just to accept that they didn't care enough to even acknowledge our birthday. "Thirty-seven?" Dudley said in disbelief. "That's two less than last year!" My heart sank in my chest. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were willing to give that many presents to a boy who hardly even deserved anything and they probably wouldn't even wish us a happy birthday when our day finally came around. "That's my boy, always wanting more out of life than what he gets," Uncle Vernon said proudly from behind his morning paper. Harry let out a sigh as he set all of the bacon that he finished cooking onto a small plate and brought it over to the table to set down for breakfast. I followed behind him after the last two pieces of toast popped up and the bowl that I had was filled with eggs. When I set them down, Uncle Vernon immediately set his paper down and forked out his share while we all listened to Dudley's usual temper-tantrum. "This isn't fair - I should have gotten more!" Dudley whined pathetically. He began to pout and forced out a few fake tears that had Aunt Petunia racing over toward him so she could comfort him. "How about we get you two more presents when we go out today?" she suggested desperately. "I guess that will be okay," Dudley said as he wiped away the false tears with a smile on his face. Harry frowned as we both grabbed a piece of toast. It was pathetic that Dudley always got his way just because he made himself cry. Sometimes I wished that worked for me, but at the same time I would never want to appear as horrible as my cousin. Dudley came over and sat down next to his father and piled his plate high with all of the food that we had made for them. When the telephone rang behind the counter, Aunt Petunia stepped over and answered it just as Dudley kicked Harry's leg underneath the table. "Stop that!" Harry said angrily and kicked right back. "Knock it off Potter," Uncle Vernon spat as he grabbed for his coffee. "But Dudley started it!" I said. "I saw him kick - " "Shut your mouth," he retorted immediately. It never mattered whether Harry and I were right in the situation - Uncle Vernon always took Dudley's side. One time I got yelled at because Dudley pushed me down and I actually managed to kick his feet out from underneath him. This was, in Uncle Vernon's opinion, my fault because I shouldn't have angered Dudley in the first place. "Oh no," Aunt Petunia groaned as she hung up the phone. "Bad news Vernon - Mrs. Figg can't take them because she broke her leg." "Can't someone else take them?" Uncle Vernon asked. "Who else is there?" she asked. "No one else likes them." A sudden burst of hope shot through me - we weren't going to have to spend the day with Mrs. Figg! Did this mean that we might actually get to stay at the house without the Dursleys being there? "We could just stay here," Harry suggested, obviously thinking along the same lines as me. "I don't think so," Aunt Petunia scoffed. "I'm not going to let you two ruin the house." "We won't do anything wrong," I begged. "Please - " "Not a chance," Uncle Vernon said. "Vernon, I don't think we have any other choice," Aunt Petunia sighed. "We're just going to have to take them to the zoo with us." If I didn't think that it would hurt my chances of going, I probably would have screamed out in joy. This couldn't have turned out any better