Chapter 1 - Welcome to #4 Privet Drive Stars shone all around them in the vast expanse of blue. The motorbike glided through the skies unseen by the sleeping village below. *THUMP*THUMP*THUMP* The bike purred as it picked up speed. It felt wonderful. The crisp air contrasted with the warmth of the coat around him. *THUMP*THUMP*THUMP* They dove and passed through a cloud, but when the bike came out the other side, the sky had changed. The stars had blinked out and there was only darkness now. *THUMP*THUMP*THUMP* What is that noise? Is the bike broken? The bike starting bucking as a sickly green light enveloped them. The cold air felt heavy in his chest. There was a scream and a loud noise like wood breaking and the green light felt hotter and hotter on his skin. *THUMP*THUMP*THUMP* "Up! Get up! Now!" Harry woke with a start. His aunt raped on the door again. "Up!" she screeched. Harry sat in his bed still half asleep as he reached for his glasses. He was sweating and he did not know why. He was having a dream. It had started pleasant but towards the end it felt wrong. Scary. He tried to recall the good part instead, it had felt familiar. Almost like a memory rather than a dream. It involved...a flying motorbike? But that was impossible...right? Harry Potter had always had weird things happen around him that made him wonder sometimes. Like that time when he ended in the roof of his school trying to get away from Dudley and Piers. Or when aunt Petunia had cut his hair and looked so horrible he could not sleep all night dreading going to school the next day, only to wake up with his hair looking like nothing ever happened, like it always was: all over the place. Aunt Petunia was not happy that day. All her effort to tame that mass of hair for nothing. His aunt was back outside the door. "Are you up yet?" she demanded. "Nearly" said Harry. "Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. It's Duddy's special day and I want everything perfect!" "Yes aunt Petunia" he replied. Dudley's birthday - he had almost forgotten. No wonder aunt Petunia was on edge. He was not looking forward to it. One of the few days they had to interact with... him . Harry did not like to think about the man. For years he was the victim of his abuse while he spoiled his son and looked at Harry as if daring him to complain. The man that once upon a time he was required to call uncle. Vernon Dursley was a big beefy man, with hardly any neck but a very large moustache and a temper to match. He was one of the top sales representatives at a drill company called Grunnings. Harry only ever saw him a few times a year. Most of the weekends that he came to pick up Dudley he just stayed in the car and waited for his precious son to get in before driving away. Same when he dropped him off. But some special occasions, like Dudley's birthday, there was no avoiding it. The divorce lawyers had made it clear during the custody battle what his rights would be in respect to visitation rights. Harry figured as much as he did not want to deal with Vernon (he had finally stopped thinking of him as his uncle some time back), aunt Petunia had the rights to not wanting to see him even more. Being kept in the dark about your husband having an affair at work will make you a little miffed at him. And so it happened that today Vernon was over to celebrate Dudley's birthday by taking him to the zoo. The birthday boy came barrelling down the stairs, excited at what was in store for them today. "Harry!" called Dudley with a huge smile on his face. I guess if it makes Dudley happy I can put up with Vernon for today -thought Harry as he smiled at his cousin. He had refused to go to the zoo without him and Vernon had agreed reluctantly to take them both along with Piers, Dudley's best friend and the one who usually held victim's arms back for Dudley to punch. He shook his head in mocking disbelief. Dudley had begged for him to come. It was weird, if someone would have told Harry 4 years ago that he would get along well with Dudley, or that he would be able to play tag with him and Piers (even if he somehow ended up in the roof when running away), he would have called them crazy. Yet it was true...mostly. Dudley had a reputation to uphold in school after all, but he went out of his way to find other targets other than Harry and when not...well, he never really left any bruises and tried to make it up to him at home. It was not ideal but Harry would take anything over what it used to be. "So, where do you want to go first Dudders?" "Lions!" "Ok, you go ahead and get in the car son, I will be right there" chuckled Vernon with a smile. It disappeared from his face almost as soon as Dudley was out the door, and that was when he felt the almost angry grip of that man on his arm. Vernon spun Harry around to face him and with a threatening look said exactly what Harry was expecting him to. "I'm warning you boy - any funny business, anything at all - and you will regret it". Resigned to it Harry meekly responded with a simple "yes sir". 0-0-0-0-0 The ride to the zoo was uneventful, with Piers telling them all about the latest videogame he had bought and chatting merrily about nothing and everything. And so it was that they arrived at the zoo. Even though he was there because of Dudley's invitation, Harry still tried to keep to himself in order to avoid giving Vernon any excuse to pay attention to him. This worked for most of the day - at least until the incident. It had been a very warm day and when Piers started complaining about sweating too much, Harry suggested they go to the reptile exhibit. He reasoned that the area would be somewhat cooler being inside a building rather than out in the sun like the other animal exhibits, but really, anything was better than outside. He was right: there were many interesting specimens, and Dudley ran to one of the windows along the walls that had a giant Brazilian boa, large enough that it could have wrapped its body twice around Vernon's car and crushed it into a compact little junk pile. Dudley pressed his face against the glass, expecting the snake to do something interesting - it was however quite still, probably sleeping. "What is the point of a giant dirty snake if it is just going to lay there?" he whined. Vernon rapped on the glass with his heavy knuckles, but the snake didn't budge. "This is boring" Dudley moaned as they moved away to the next window. Vernon just muttered something about incompetent animal trainers as he followed him. Harry took the opportunity to look at the snake himself. "Sorry about that, Vernon always expects obedience if he makes enough noise". That was when the snake opened its eyes and stared right at Harry. Very slowly it jerked its head towards Vernon and raised its eyes to the ceiling. It gave Harry a look that clearly said ' I get that all the time '. After that it did something even more impossible. It winked at him "But, snakes can't blink, much less wink, and wait did you actually understand me just now?" he almost choked in surprise. The snaked continued to surprise him by moving its head up and down in and unmistaken nod. This was when he jumped in surprise as he heard Dudley standing behind him whispering to himself. "Holy crap that was amazing Harry, how did you do that?" It would have not been too bad until Piers yelled out loud "MR DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WONT BELIEVE WHAT IT WAS JUST DOING!" Vernon came over and decided whatever it was, Dudley deserved front row and proceeded to shove Harry aside quite forcefully. "Watch it boy, don't be so clumsy around a crowd" said Vernon with a smug grin as he faced Harry and leaned against the glass in front of him with his elbow on the glass and his fist on his temple, blocking the snake from Harry's view. He had caught Harry by surprise and he fell on the ground, knocking his glasses and scrapping his arm which was now starting to bleed. What transpired next happened so fast nobody really understood it had happened until a scream of surprise came from inside the enclosure followed by a loud splash as Vernon fell in the little pond the snake had been using to cool itself inside its enclosure. Panic ensued as the giant Boa slithered into the ground and passed just inches from a shocked and confused Harry. ' Thank you amigo, Brazil, here I come!' said a hissing voice that seemed to come from the snake. The keeper of the reptile house was baffled and kept repeating to himself "but the glass, where did the glass go?" The zoo director himself made an appearance to apologize profusely to Vernon and offer him complimentary passes to them. A fuming Vernon refused and demanded a full refund - he did not mention of course that he had already used coupons to get the tickets at a discounted price so he got more money back that he had spent. The car ride back was hot, uncomfortable and unbearable. While on the underground parking lot he had manhandled Harry into the boot of the car, knocking the wind out of him as he hit him and yelling at him how it was his fault and he had warned him about any freak stuff. It did not matter to him how many times Harry said it was not his doing. "I warn you, you make any noise at all between here and the house and you will pay boy!" Once the boot of the car was closed the sounds outside dimmed but he could still hear him threatening Piers (and Dudley as well although not as strongly) to not say anything about Harry being in the trunk to anybody. Neither boy wanted to join him in the trunk so they agreed to keep quiet. Vernon seemed to have taken the longest route back, to increase the time Harry spent sweating in the boot, taking sharp turns and causing Harry to get bumped around with all manner of hard objects that were inside. After what seemed like an eternity, he felt the car stop and heard Piers thank Vernon and Dudley for inviting him to the zoo and hurriedly ran inside his house. Some time later the car stopped again and bright light blinded Harry as the door to the boot opened. He was unceremoniously yanked out into the driveway floor and a sharp pain hit him as a shoe connected with the small of his back. More and more kicks came after the first. "Dad stop! Please!" Harry was starting to see spots in front of his eyes. "Dad! Slowly, Vernon turned to his son and said in a calming voice "its ok Dudders, he won't do any more abnormal stuff around you. I'm just making sure he knows he ruined your birthday and that is not acceptable. Dudley went quiet and for a second Harry thought the beating was going to continue. "He didn't ruin it. You did, just…go away please" Did Harry hear right? Dudley was standing up to his