The moment I walked into the room I knew something was up. A square table had been set up, with four seats placed around it. Currently, none of the seats were occupied, but someone was perched on the side of the table. "Hey Samael." Michael nodded at me, his arms crossed. "You were called in as well?" "I guess so." I replied. "Any clue what this is about?" Michael shrugged. "Beats me. Central didn't say why, only that I needed to get here as fast as possible." "Same." I replied, taking the seat on the Eastern side of the table. "This is an odd turn of events." "You're telling me." Michael walked over and took a seat on the North-facing side. "Branch heads are seldom required to report to Central. Especially you." "It should be fine. I left Camiel in charge." Michael nodded. Camiel was a powerful Hunter in his own right, more then capable of leading the Eastern Branch in my absence. Both of us turn when the door slides open. Gabriel, the head of the Western branch, and Raphael, the head of the Southern branch, step in. "Oh. So you guys are here as well." Michael stood up to greet the two ladies. Gabriel walked over and embraced Michael. Raphael however, made a beeline for me. Stopping before me, she inclining her head slightly. "Hello Samael." Raphael said, greeting me. I don't answer. The familiar haze around my mind is lifting. I reached into my pocket, fumbling around until I find what I'm looking for. The other Branch heads silently watched as I pulled out a container. With slightly trembling hands I break open the top, before pouring the contents of the container into my mouth. I begin to chew, not even wincing at the bitter taste of the pills. Immediately, the haze returns, along with a feeling of relief. "Hi Raphael." I replied, placing the now empty container back in my pocket. "Sorry about that. I needed to-" "I understand." Raphael placed her hand on my shoulder. "Don't worry about it." I smiled. "Thank you." Out of all the Branch heads, I was closest to Raphael. Michael often told me I should push out relationship further, but I was content with our friendship. Raphael smiled back at me, before moving to her seat. "So…" Gabriel was currently reclining in her chair. "Does anyone know why we're here? I am fairly busy in the West, with all our enemies being there and all." "I was wondering the same thing." Raphael admitted. "I had been in the hospital when I received the summons. I hope to return as soon as possible to treat the patients." "I have troops to train." Michael said simply. All three Branch Heads turned their gaze to me. "I…I have my projects." I spoke, after a moments pause. The three heads nodded, understanding immediately. "Though, I too am curious about the reason behind our summons." "Then allow me to answer them." A familiar voice said, seemingly from nowhere. Suddenly, a tiny person appeared on the table. "Hello Branch Heads." Upon hearing the voice, all four of us stood up and bowed. "Please, sit down." The voice sounded embarrassed. We all did as he asked. The small person was silent for a moment, before beginning to speak. "Now, I'm sure you're all curious as to why you were summoned here." A collective chorus of agreement came from the Branch Heads. The hologram waited for it to die down before continuing. "The reason is simple. It is time for a new Crusade." Silence filled the room as we tried to digest this new piece of information. I myself was unsure how to react. The first one to break the silence was, of course, Michael. "A Holy War? You wish to start a new Holy War?" The hologram nodded. "Correct, Leader Michael. As of now, the Higher-ups have decided to wage war against the Pagans. For too long we have tolerated them. Recently however, they have gone too far. Too much damage has been caused, some of which has affected our own people. Thus, it has been decided that you are to destroy them." Michael nodded, satisfied with the hologram's answer. Not surprising, considering he was in charge of military might. For him, a Holy War was perfect. I knew however, that one person in this room would definitely object to this. "I refuse." Raphael said simply. As a Healer, Raphael firmly believed in peace over war. The taking of life, to her, was the ultimate sin. "I will not allow my followers to partake in such brutality." "Leader Raphael-" The hologram tried to speak, but Raphael cut him off with a glare. "I agreed to become the Southern Branch Head only to protect and heal as many as I can. While I may, with a sorrow heart, consent to the slaying of demons, I will never consent to the killing of Man, whether a heathen or a believer." I could see the hologram struggling to think of what to say. I knew that it was a lost cause. Raphael was a pacifist, someone who refused to harm. She would use diplomacy instead of violence. And we loved her for that. But I knew that diplomacy was no use for this enemy. For I had once met them. And still bore scars from that encounter. "…very well." The hologram finally spoke. "Leader Raphael, you and your followers will not be required to fight in this War. However, will you at least offer your healing to our troops?" "I will never turn an injured person away, whether friend or foe. All who require healing, I welcome with open arms." Raphael answered. The hologram nodded, satisfied. "How about you two, Leader Gabriel and Leader Samael? Have you any doubts about your mission?" The hologram turned to face me. "Well, Leader Samael?" "I have no qualms. The Witch Hunt will participate." In the corner of my eye, I could see Raphael's face fall at my declaration. "Very good. And how about you, Leader Gabriel?" "The West will lend their support." Gabriel replied. "I see no problem with waging war." "Very well." The hologram sounded satisfied. "Leader Raphael, you are dismissed from this war meeting. Leaders Michael, Gabriel and Samael, please remain seated. Your orders will be given." Raphael immediately stood up and wordlessly left the room. Gabriel, Michael and myself remained seated, waiting for the hologram to continue speaking. The moment the door shut behind Raphael, the hologram suddenly disappeared, only to suddenly reappear, human-sized, in Raphael's chair. "Now then." The hologram said, leaning forward and resting his arms on the table. "Let us begin the war planning." — Two Days Later. In a Chateau off the coast of Lake Geneva, Switzerland. Whenever I was nervous, I cleaned my weapons. Today was no exception. In front of me lay a variety of blades. One USN MK3 MOD 0 Combat knife, acquired from the same company that supplied the US Navy. Two modified Philippine Karambits, forged by a metalworker in Japan. An array of throwing knives, also made by the previously mentioned metalworker. A set of thin throwing darts, each laced with a potent nerve toxin. A pair of modified combat sickles, their hilts shortened to allow for concealed carrying. And finally, a sheathed Japanese wakazashi , made centuries ago by an infamous swordsmith and modified by master blade smiths to fit my specifications. Of all my weapons, this one was the only one capable of actually killing my target. However, my order was only to send a message to the opposition, with a strict emphasis on keeping the target alive. Thus, the wakazashi was for security purposes, in the off chance that something went wrong in the mission. I doubted anything would go wrong. The enemy was completely unaware that I existed, much less of my intentions. After about twenty minutes, I finally finished polishing my set of throwing knives. "I need a drink." I muttered, putting the last knife on the table. "Maybe some lemon juice." "Is wine fine?" A male voice said from behind, startling me. I would have normally sensed someone entering the room, but I had been so engrossed in my cleaning and sharpening that I had failed to hear him come in. "We are in a vineyard after all." "Yeah, wine is good." I replied, turning around. "Pour yourself a glass and sit down Cassian." Cassian Gray inclined his head towards me. One of the leaders of Witch Hunt under me, Cassian was powerful. For a human. "Thank you Leader." I smiled and waved my hand. "No need for the formalities Cassian. Just call me Samael." "As you wish, Samael." Despite his words, I saw Cassian relax. He pulled up a seat and sat down, before handing me my glass of wine. I waited as he poured himself a glass. "To the Crusade." Cassian said, raising his glass. "To the Crusade." I echoed, our glasses clinking. I took a sip of the wine. "Not bad. Swiss?" "Well, we are in Switzerland." Cassian replied, placing his now half-empty glass on the table. "Though I suppose I could have brought some French wine from across the Lake…" "Nah its good." I replied, taking another sip. "To me, they all taste the same anyways." "Don't let a Swiss man hear you say that." Cassian said, half-jokingly. "You might die before the Crusade even starts." "That would be bad." I replied, a tight smile on my face. "I'd prefer to die with a sword in my hand then at the hands of a drunk vineyard owner. Imagine how Michael would laugh!" Cassian leaned his head back and laughed. After a moment, I too begun laughing. It wasn't even funny, but the weight of the task in front of us made us all slightly hysterical. Suddenly, I felt the fog begin to lift. I immediately scrambled for my pills. Cassian watched as I poured the capsules into my mouth and crunched them to dust. "…how is it, with the stress and all? You coping?" I nodded. "The stress makes it worse. I had to increase the dosage by around threefold. But I'm doing alright." I reached for another package of pills. "Though for the mission, I'm suppose to cut it down to half my regular amount. I need access to my powers." Cassian nodded, but I could see the worry on his face. "You think you'll be alright?" "No clue." Seeing Cassian's face, I quickly added. "OK, that came out wrong. I should be able to hold my concentration long enough to complete the task. Though I'll probably need to tranquillise myself immediately afterwards. Afraid you'll need to help me with that." Cassian stared at me for a while, trying to figure out if I'm joking. Realizing I wasn't, he sighed. I reached out and patted his shoulder. "Don't worry. It won't kill me. Just shoot me with about a dozen elephant darts and I'll be sleeping like a baby." "I know…but do we really have to do this? I mean, can't you function without…" Cassian pointed at the tablets. "You know what happens if I don't." I murmured. "I may be fine, but those around me…" "…You're right." Cassian said after some hesitation. "I apologise for that. I was being selfish." "It's fine." I replied, pulling my hand back and reaching for my drink. "I understand that you're worried for me and I'm grateful for that. But sacrifices have to be made. Better my mind then your lives." Cassian nodded, his face showing that he was still unconvinced. Inside, I sighed. I have such good subordinates. Sometimes I wish they didn't care for me so much. "Anyways, I better get to sleep." I said, standing up and placing my now-empty wine glass on the table. "I have a big day tomorrow. Night Cassian." "Night Leader." Cassian replied, his eyes looking out the window and at the lake. "See you tomorrow."