Latin terminology is used here. For Latin terms you do not know, refer to the glossary at the bottom. Their procession halted at the outskirts of the bright and thriving city, coming to an efficient stop before the gates. A man stood there flanked by guards and a group of official-looking men, waiting for them patiently with the sun on his back, obscuring him from Jason's sight. Jason himself stood at a reasonably average height with a strong build for a boy of only 14 years, with a gladius strapped securely to his waist, though he was dwarfed by his father's impressive height and even more impressive build. His father strode ahead from Jason's side and hailed the man ahead of them, leading the procession into the city. The man raised his arm in response and walked forward to greet his father. Both of them saluted before they shook hands and began talking. Jason let his mind wander and admired the city around him. He had never visited this strange, buzzing and positively alive city before – his father had always left him with his mother at home in the capital. He admired how quiet it seemed in comparison to Roma, though still buzzing feverishly as civilians went about their business in the bustling marketplaces. Jason snapped out of his thoughts when he noticed his father gesturing for him to come forward and obeyed, standing at his father's side. His father gestured again to the man in front of him with a smile on his bearded face. "Jason, this man is Castellan. He is the governor of this city and will be my aide while I conduct my inspection." Jason nodded and then his father gestured to him. "Castellan, this is my son, Jason." The man called Castellan surveyed him intently, looking at him from head to toe with interest. Jason bowed in respect to the man as his father had taught him. " Ave , Propraetor. " Jason said, inclining his head to Castellan who responded in turn. Now that he was closer and the sun no longer in his eyes, Jason saw Castellan's features in sharp relief and he was surprised to see that the man looked little older than he was, though if he had heard correctly from his father during their travels, the man was approaching his thirtieth year. Jason also noted, with some surprise, a lack of stress lines on the man's face. "As my father said, my name is Jason Grace, though if it pleases you, you can address me as Jason only." " Ave , Jason. My name is Luke Castellan and you can address me as Castellan or," Castellan smiled now approvingly and even a little proudly, revealing perfectly white teeth. "As you did before, Propraetor. " Jason nodded. From the corner of his eye he caught another rare look of approval from his father before his father stepped forward and took charge of the conversation. Castellan and his father broke into a leisurely walk and Jason fell in step behind them, knowing that he had fulfilled his role so far. Castellan treated them to a tour of the city and its fortifications. His father inspected the city guard - the Vigiles Urbani - and was evidently satisfied with them if the approving smile on his face was any indication. Castellan and his congregation then led them through the bustling marketplace where Jason looked from corner to corner, looking from trinkets on display to stalls bursting with food and a lavish selection of wines of all colours and flavours. He distinctly heard someone shouting but was only brought out of his attention on the stalls when he was knocked off balance when something small and fast slammed into him. He glanced down at the cause of the disturbance, realising it was a boy somewhat younger than him with messy black hair who had ran into him. The boy looked up fearfully before another shout caught Jason's attention. The boy remained where he was on the floor, frozen in fear. The shout went up again and Jason heard the words this time - a mixture of profanity and slurs he now realised were directed at the boy. The source of the shouts hurtled around the corner and stopped ahead of them, having spotted the boy: a towering girl younger than Jason with hair bearing a striking resemblance to the colour of mud. She advanced forward towards Jason and the boy and stopped only when one of his father's guards stepped forward with their hand on their gladius , a calculating gleam in her eyes as if she were considering how to both get to the boy at Jason's feet and get away with it. She backed off and the gleam in her eyes faded when she noticed Castellan and her face paled, her stance shifting to submissive and her tone apologetic. "Forgive me, Propraetor. " She hastily muttered. Jason was entirely convinced she was only sorry for being caught. Castellan waved his hand dismissively though there was a glint of steel in his eyes, a warning to the girl. " Vado, La Rue." Castellan flicked his hand dismissively again. "Leave this child be, or you'll be cleaning the city for a week." The girl flinched but dared not challenge Castellan's authority and so shrank back before she disappeared around the corner once more. They then turned to the boy at Jason's feet who still bore a fearful expression. Jason lowered himself to one knee and extended his hand to the boy who flinched and looked from Jason's hand to his face as if expecting a trap. When Jason smiled the boy took his hand and Jason helped him to his feet, brushing dust from the boy's tunic. "Thank you, sir." the boy muttered, his eyes on the floor, daring not to look up. A look of recognition lit up in Castellan's eyes when the boy spoke and he seemed to reprimand himself for forgetting a name. "Perseus, is it?" Castellan inquired and the boy nodded quickly. Castellan seemed satisfied with the boy's answer before he exchanged a look with Jason's father. "If I may, I think it would be a good idea for your son to explore the city in greater depth while we proceed to business; I have heard tell of how efficient you are." His father nodded. "As you say, Castellan. Ramirez-Arellano," His father began. One of the guards behind Jason - a girl older than him that he was friendly with and who was responsible for training him to be a swordsman, clad in full armour with a gladius at her waist - stiffened up with her back straight. "You will accompany my son as an escort. Try to keep him in one piece." " Ita domine. " The girl replied. Jason turned his attention from his father and Castellan back to the boy and smiled again. " Ave , Perseus. I am Jason." The boy returned his smile and nodded, relaxing when Jason's tone became more casual. Castellan, his father and their congregation departed to finish the tour of the city, leaving Jason, his escort and the boy alone. "Could I ask why that girl was harassing you?" The boy shrugged. "She always is. She says I'm not a true Roman." Perseus said, a sad look in his eyes that changed quickly to defiance. "I'd say you're more Roman than she is." Jason began kindly, his smile still present. Perseus looked at him curiously. Jason assessed the boy's stance and body and nodded. "You have what she lacks - the makings of a soldier." The boy's eyes shone with happiness at the compliment and Jason wondered just how often the girl - La Rue - confronted him. "You think so?" Perseus asked, a grin on his face. Jason nodded and rested a hand on Perseus's shoulder. "Of course. It's my job to know these things." Or rather it would be in a few years, Jason privately thought to himself. "Would you be kind enough to show me and Reyna here," Jason indicated his escort to Perseus, "Around the city Perseus?" "Call me Percy," He replied. "And of course." Percy took Jason's hand and led him eagerly through the marketplace. Reyna fell into step behind him, her palm resting on the pommel of her gladius constantly. He showed Jason and Reyna a variety of stalls he was evidently familiar with, food stalls, jewellery stalls and even a wine stall whose merchant Percy was friendly with. Jason took each opportunity to speak to the people, inquiring about how business was, how they were faring and what they thought about the city. He was surprised when he heard few, if any, complaints from them - usually there was at least one complaint to be made about a city. Jason also questioned Percy. The younger boy told him his father, nicknamed Neptunus by his colleagues, was a busy man and had served the Empire as a legionnaire. Jason learned that this 'Neptunus' was tasked with managing a century of the Vigiles Urbani that Jason's own father had just inspected, and that he was training Percy to follow in his place as a legionnaire. Jason was both impressed and pleased - impressed that the boy already dreamed of serving the Empire and pleased with himself that he had assessed the boy's stance and body accurately. He also, as they were walking through one of the broader, busier streets, that the attacks from the La Rue girl were frequent - if they didn't happen at least once every other day, then Percy counted himself lucky. Percy led them up a hill just outside the city, a place where they had agreed to rest a while, muttering something about not being confident enough to stand up to her: his father had been training him but La Rue's father was a hardened war veteran who had trained her to hold a sword before she could even walk, or so the rumour went. Jason shook his head and turned to Reyna. "Your gladius please, Reyna." She obliged, unsheathing it and placing the hilt in his waiting hand. Jason then turned back to Percy and smirked, circling the boy. Percy blinked and shifted nervously as Jason walked around him. "Show me your stance, Percy." Percy obliged, entering his stance. Jason examined the boy's posture, tapping the inside of Percy's leg with the tip of Reyna's gladius. "Wider. Shoulder width apart." Percy obliged once more and widened his stance. Jason then pressed the tip of the sword into the back of Percy's knee gently. Percy bent his knees forward as Jason instructed and sat into his stance when Jason tapped him on the top of his shoulder while Reyna looked on approvingly. Jason then placed the hilt of Reyna's gladius in Percy's hand, adjusting the boy's grip and the positioning of the blade. "Good footwork," She commented. "Now your stance is stronger, it won't be easy to overwhelm you." Jason nodded in agreement before he unsheathed his own gladius in one fluid movement and suddenly slashed at Percy, who reflexively parried it with his own sword before he lunged forward. Jason batted his blade aside effortlessly and smirked, lowering his gladius . "See?" said Jason after a moment, a proud smirk on his face. "Reflex can only save you so many times. A strong stance can overcome any attack. Well," He glanced in Reyna's direction. "Almost any attack." Jason tossed his gladius to Reyna and took a step back. Reyna caught the gladius and twirled it around, adjusting her grip. Jason sat down a distance away from the two. "Now try out your new stance against Reyna." Jason said with a mischievous grin. Percy blinked in surprise and looked from Jason to Reyna, who had already dropped into her own stance with her gladius raised. The boy shook his head and focused on Reyna, his sword in the stance Jason