I got this idea while staying on the Sunshine Coast (It's a place in Australia) for a few days these holidays. I visited a beach called Mooloolaba and when I was standing on a plane of rock, I stared out at sea and imagined that it was speaking to me. Like Annabeth describes in this story, I am in awe of the sea. Of its power, and beauty and plain brilliance. I wanted to convey my own thoughts into a story, and here we have THE LITTLE MERMAID! I hope you like it. I put a lot of effort into writing it. It was drummed into Percy every single day of his childhood: never, ever mingle with humans. They are selfish, single- minded creatures, inhumane for all the humanity they claim. If you ever have an encounter with one, wipe its mind and best you wipe yours too. An encounter with a human will leave you changed in ways one cannot describe. Percy broke the first rule very early in his life. And he broke the second one pretty soon after. He once had a close encounter with a human. A human girl, younger than him but age had never mattered in the least. Because what was a year compared to an emotion? Compared to love ? March, 2001 He had been seven. She was smaller, and she was caught in a rip. Her tiny body struggling against the strong current; struggling for oxygen, struggling to survive. Any other Mer would have let her drown. But Percy was too compassionate to let her die in cold blood. So he saved her. He swam as close to shore as he dared, and let go of her. She bobbed in the water for a few seconds, and then gracefully sank, her golden hair fanning out around her slack face, a portrait of complete and utter helpless vulnerability. It was then Percy realised that she was not conscious. Her delicate hands fluttered by her sides as she sank to the sandy sea bed, exotic fish darting excitedly between her legs. She seemed to be a shining angel fallen from the Kingdom in the skies, the glorified Olympus. He didn't dare call for help. The Mer would kill her on sight, and lecture Percy for all eternity. So, using the powers over water he'd inherited from his father, the notorious God of the Sea, Poseidon, the young Merboy created an air bubble around the little human girl so that she could breathe, and stayed with her. He studied her face, and spoke to her about the most random things: the fish nibbling curiously at her toes were guppies, and they were really very friendly, if a bit vague. He never really talked to girls, but she seemed different to other girls; she looked very calm and quiet, not at all scary or intimidating. She never responded, of course, but it was nice to speak to someone without worrying about whether what he said would somehow be offensive. The Mer were a very sensitive, proud species, easily offended and prone to boasting. As only a half- blood, Percy had inherited some of his mother's human traits, such as an open frankness. Percy chatted for hours. The girl would sometimes stir, and Percy would cease his incessant chatter and dart behind a rock close by. She moaned once or twice, and her eyelids fluttered, delicate as a butterfly's wings. She did not wake, lost deep in the abyss of sleep. So he fell asleep as well. He slept, and woke to find the girl staring at him with wide, frightened grey eyes. He was lost in her pretty eyes for a moment, before he blinked and remembered that she was a human. But how could such a pretty creature be bad? He thought. When Percy swam forward to try and speak to her, the girl squirmed back, her eyes widening from the size of coins to saucepans. With a pang, Percy understood that he had to let her go, and then wipe her memory. But she just looks so innocent and beautiful, staring at me with those pretty eyes , he thought. I don't want her to forget me. He swam to her again, slowly this time, palms forward in a placating gesture. She paused, hesitant. Percy reached through the bubble and touched her cheek. Her skin was warm, much warmer than his. It was also silky and smooth and soft. Like the inside of an oyster shell. Her long blond hair drifted in silken curls to touch his hand. He was ice under the sun; he was melting. He reached for her hand and she gave it to him. He squeezed it once, then let go. He beckoned, and she came through the bubble, blindly trusting the boy who had saved her life. The boy who had two legs like a human, and two sea green eyes and two hands and a nose and the most gorgeous ebony hair, but who could breathe underwater and make air bubbles with his mind. Startled at the sudden cold of the water, she let out all her breath. Percy swam to her and stroked her cheek, then gently cradled her in his arms and swam to the surface where he let go of her. Her head broke the skin of the water and she took a deep breath, then ducked back under again. She grabbed his hand and brought it to her face, kissed his palm. Percy smiled goofily at her, and the girl smiled back. Then she was gone, swimming away, her little legs kicking and little arms flapping. Probably gone forever. Little did Percy know how wrong he was. January, 2009 Annabeth had always loved and hated the sea in equal amounts. The vast stretch of water frightened her. Its majestic power terrified her. Its capacity to take a life in a microsecond petrified her to no end. But its serene beauty at night when the full moon was shining down, lighting the water up was so moving to her. It sparked a memory deep inside of her; a memory that made her feel warm and safe and loved, and a memory that had been with her since she was six years old. Love was something that she craved. It was also something that she had been greatly deprived of. Her mother had left her when she was a young child. Her father married a woman who had no time for a lonely, lost little girl who cried when no one was looking and glared at anyone who got too close. Annabeth held tight to this memory when it came. For the life of her, she couldn't remember what made her feel so. She just knew that it was somehow connected to the ocean. She would sneak out at night and go and sit in the secluded cove a short hike away from her house's back door, through the reeds and down the sandy, over grown path. There was a long stretch of rock that she would sit on, either cross- legged, or with her feet dangling over the ledge above the five foot drop into the ravenous waves below that would rise to lap hungrily at her toes when the tide was high, and stare out into the ocean, thinking. Sometimes she imagined that there was a friend out in the ocean, someone who would listen to her worries and her fears. To the good news in her life, or even just everyday annoyances like her little half- brothers who would sometimes steal her homework books and dump them in the toilet after someone had been for a number two (and sometimes not even flushed). She would chat to no one in particular, just imagining that there was a person sitting next to her. Perhaps a boy a mite older than her with dark hair and eyes the colour of the sea. He would laugh at her lame jokes and make an effort to cheer her up when she was down. He would lend her his shoulder to lean on when she cried, and smile lovingly at her when she wanted to feel loved. He was her dream boy. Sometimes she even thought that the sea listened to her. If she was crying, the cool, refreshing breeze would wrap her in its comforting embrace. The waves would calm, and the majestic crashing fortissimo would become a soothing lullaby. If she was yelling and raging about being bullied at school, about a kid who had stolen her lunch or gotten her in trouble with the principal, the wind would howl and the waves would become almost like mini tsunamis as they crashed into the sand banks again and again. It was almost as comforting as having a friend who had her back. Then she would go to lean on him and remember that there was no one there. She was alone. March, 2002 "Daddy!" seven year old Annabeth called out in delight. "Daddy! Come quickly!" Frederick Chase sighed and walked over to see what his errant daughter had found now. What she had found was a dead clam. She was clutching it in her hands, trying to open it. "Annabeth, darling," he said tiredly. "Please put that down. If you handle it the wrong way, it could slice the skin from your fingers." "Just wait a minute, daddy!" Annabeth frowned in concentration as she wrestled with the clam, trying to pry it open. "Annabeth—" "I got it!" Annabeth straightened up, looking proud of herself as she held the open clam up to Frederick's astonished face. "Is it a pearl, daddy? Is it? Is it?" "Why don't you take a look, darling," he said, making an effort to liven up his voice for his excited daughter. Annabeth held it in her two tiny hands and grinned fiercely. "It's a pearl, daddy! There's a pearl in my clam! Isn't it pretty? And I didn't hurt myself!" Annabeth showed him her hands. "See?" Frederick gently moved her hands away from his face. "Yes, darling. I see." Annabeth cradled the clam and pearl to her chest protectively. She turned to face the blue- green expanse of water before her. "Thank you, ocean," she whispered. The waves didn't respond. The breeze didn't cease in its motion. But perhaps the reflection of the sun on the turquoise expanse of water glinted just a tad brighter at the seven year old's words? 2006 Percy was now twelve, and young and naïve as it sounds, he was hopelessly in love with the girl. Annabeth, he recalled her name was. He had once heard a man (her father, he presumed) call her Annabeth. A very fitting name for an angel like her. He knew was that she loved the beach. She liked to chat to no one, and he loved listening to her soft, melodic voice. It was like music to his ears, the pianissimo of her voice a balm to the invisible wounds that bled the red blood of mortals beneath the hide of his skin, the wounds products of his being half human in a kingdom where humans were shunned and the Mer bled blue. He hated that she felt so alone in life. He had heard her talk once or twice about taking her own life. Hurling herself off the rocks and ending it once and for all. If it came to that, Percy would save her. He had saved her once before and he would do it again and again, if only to steal one more one- sided conversation, one more forbidden interaction with the little girl who had stolen his heart and hidden it for safe keeping in a place where he would never find it to wrestle it back. June, 2007 Thirteen year old Percy was scouring the ocean floor with a few of his friends. They were competing in a treasure hunt for Percy's half- brother Triton's five