Edward I flip open the fresh pack of cigarettes and fish the lighter from my pocket. As the flame lights up, I place the cigarette between my lips, but just before I can light it there's a breath of air and the flame flickers out. "How fucking old are you?" I spit, lowering my cigarette and narrowing my eyes. Rosalie grins and brushes a lock of blonde hair out of her eyes. She flops onto the couch in my bedroom and kicks her feet up, eyes dancing. "Really? Get your fucking shoes off my couch." I successfully light my cigarette this time and exhale a breath of warm nicotine. I'm going to need it if I have to put up with Rosalie all night. "You know you're not supposed to smoke in the house," she comments in a prude voice. "And you're not supposed to have your fucking shoes on my couch, but here we are," I make a sweeping gesture with my hands around the room. "Besides, where are Esme and Carlisle? On a fancy business trip is per usual." I roll my eyes and cross the room, grabbing Rosalie's ankles and thrusting them off the couch. "Hey!" she shouts. "You don't have to be so rough." "What do you want, Rose?" I take a long pull off my cigarette and sit down next to her. "Esme and Carlisle aren't on a business trip," she says with a cool smile. "They've gone to meet with a woman from the NWAE." "You're joking," I stop and stare at her blankly. "They're adopting another fucking baby?" "Fostering," she corrects, moving to a comfortable sitting position and crossing her legs like the lady I know she isn't. "And she isn't a baby, she's sixteen." "Why the fu-" "The state pays them, idiot. And we both know how much Esme loves her elegance," she motions around the room. I roll my eyes. Carlisle is a doctor and Esme is an architect. No one is short on money in our house, but Esme will take all she can get. I was the second child they adopted, when I was seven. Jasper and Rosalie were first; twins they adopted at the early age of three. And then they topped it off with Alice at age 11. It'd been years since they'd adopted a child, and we'd all thought they were finished. Apparently, without consulting another fucking person in the house, they'd decided to add another member to our not-so-perfect family. "Another Cullen to make this house a home," I say sarcastically, putting emphasis on the word 'home'. "It's not permanent, you know. You do know what fostering is, right?" I lean down until my face is dangerously close to Rosalie's, "Do I look stupid to you?" "Do you want me to lie or tell you the truth?" She teases darkly. "Get out, now," I growl, pointing to the door. I shove the butt of the cigarette into an ashtray on my nightstand and point to my door once again, forcing her out of my room reluctantly. Rosalie is a bitch. She and I never got along as children. She would always break things and spill things then tell Esme it was me, and I'd get in trouble. She's a manic manipulator and I've never trusted her. I can handle Alice easier than Rosalie, but she gets on my fucking nerves. She's always dancing around the house and singing, preaching some shit about self-love, and being regularly ditsy. Jasper is about the only person I can stand in the house, but even he has his regular moments where he just pisses me the fuck off. Admittedly, it's easily done. "You're such a friendly individual, Edward. Thank you for your company," she says sarcastically, closing the door loudly behind her. I sit on the couch and bend down to pull my shoes on. Another fucking Cullen? That's the last thing we need. I'm fuming, and need to release some pent up energy. I grab a hoodie from my closet and drag it over my head, exiting my room. I can hear Jasper, Rosalie, and Alice all deep in discussion in the living room as I make my way down the stairs. "This is so exciting! I wonder what she's like," Alice says, practically bouncing in her seat. "This is so not exciting," I mimic flatly. "It wouldn't kill you to be happy for two seconds, Edward," Rosalie comments, not daring to make eye contact with me. Jasper grins, sensing my annoyance. He thinks it's hilarious when Rose and I fight, which we regularly do. He tries to hide is smile from her, but her laughing eyes spot him and her face hardens. "It's a chance I'm just not willing to take," I respond, resting my hands on the back of the couch and daring Rosalie to challenge me. She knows better, though, having lost too many arguments with me over the course of her life. Or maybe she decides to pick her battles better, but either way she turns the subject back to the foster girl. "I don't know, maybe it'll be nice. It's one more person-" "-that we don't fucking need–" "-it could work-" "-OK!" Alice shouts, throwing her hands in the air. "Edward, you're brooding and want to be miserable. We got it! Rosalie, you have too much fun provoking Edward. Both of you, stop it." I step back and shove my hands in the pocket of my sweats. I'm finished with the conversation. I turn on my heel and head out the large, front door. Just before it shuts behind me, I hear Alice swearing how great this is going to be. I don't fucking think so. When I return from my two mile run, I'm out of breath and drenched in a cool sweat. I tear my hoodie and shirt off in the living room, wiping sweat from my bare chest and stomach, and deposit the soiled clothes on the couch. The maid can attend to that. I can hear quiet chatter from the kitchen. I think I hear Carlisle's voice, and it's enough to propel me up the stairs as to avoid him and Esme. "Edward?" Shit. I rake my fingers through my hair and follow the sound of Esme's voice. In the kitchen, Rosalie is sitting atop the counter, a half eaten apple in hand. Jasper and Alice are in discussion with Carlisle but they stop when they see me. And standing between Carlisle and Esme is the new girl. I dislike her the minute I see her. She's painstakingly boring to look at. Her lifeless brown hair hangs down in front of her face, like she's trying to hide. She's wearing cheap jeans, old sneakers, and a plain black jacket. I can't help but smile, though, because I know her outfit is driving Esme mad. I exhale, decide the girl isn't worth a second glance, and turn to Esme. "Yeah?" "This is Bella," she says with a smile, putting a hand on Bella's shoulder. The girl flinches away as if Esme slapped her. My face distorts in disapproval. What the fuck is wrong with her? "Sorry," Esme mutters. "I'm sorry, Bella. I forgot." Rosalie hops off the counter, shooting Bella a nasty grin over her shoulder, and walks behind me. "She doesn't like to be touched," Rose whispers with a quiet laugh, exiting the room. I roll my eyes at Rosalie. She's hazing Bella, but I don't care. She doesn't belong here anyway. "Bella," Carlisle says softly. "This is Edward." Her large, brown eyes flit to me for half a second, her face burns bright red, and then she looks down at her shoes. I feel myself grow annoyed quickly. She doesn't like to be touched and she can't even look people in the eyes. She has some serious fucking issues. I don't even know what to say to her, and I really can't make myself care. Esme gives me a stern look, and I roll my eyes again. "Hi," I force out, shifting uncomfortably from one foot to the other. She remains silent, still staring at her shoes. I raise my eyebrows expectantly and shift my gaze from Bella to Esme. "Well? Is she deaf or something?" Bella's eyes grow wide and she looks up at me, her lips parting slightly like she wants to speak but then she closes her mouth and, of fucking course, looks away again. "Edward!" Esme exclaims. "Don't be so rude!" "Come on, man. Lets head upstairs," Jasper says, hitting my arm as he walks past me. "Nice to meet you, Bella." I tear my eyes away from Esme's glare and dare one more look at the new girl. I pause for a second, waiting for her to look up at me like I know she will even though I know she doesn't want to. And, like always, I'm right. Her brown eyes find mine and she flushes bright red again and looks away once more. I chuckle, shake my head, and leave the room without another word. "Man, she went through some serious shit before she got fostered out," Jasper said, shaking his head and taking a seat on my couch. "Shoes," I warn him, narrowing my eyes before he even dares to prop his feet up. He ignores me and continues, "She was adopted out when she was younger and lived with them up until a year ago. They beat her and shit, probably did more than that but Esme likes to sweeten things a little bit." A small part of me feels bad for her, but a larger part of me wishes she wasn't so fucking weak. "She doesn't talk," he says. "At all? She doesn't say anything?" I ask, raising my eyebrows. "Nope. Hasn't said a word in years." "So basically, you're telling me that Esme and Carlisle adopted the most fucked up girl in the entire country. She doesn't speak, she doesn't like to be touched, and she can't stand to look people in the eyes. They hit the fucking lottery." "Ease up, man. She's had it rough. We probably don't know the half of it," he says gently, furrowing his brows at me. "Whatever," I say reluctantly. "At least if she's quiet, I'll like her better than your bitchy sister." This pulls a grin across his face and he nods in agreement, "You two can't get along to save your lives." "I blame her," I mutter, pulling a t-shirt over my head and kicking my shoes off. "When's dinner? I'm starving." Bella "And this is your room," she says gently, opening the door for me. The room is large. I have my own bathroom, I notice. That brings me a little peace. There's a large, four poster bed with thick, pink sheets in the middle of the room. A small, black leather loveseat is stationed directly at the foot of the bed. There's a sliding door wardrobe on the opposite wall, next to a dresser. A small nightstand sits next to the bed, and on the other side there's a bookshelf full of books. I take a deep breath and walk inside. I've never had anything so nice, but I feel very out of place. Everything is polished, new and expensive, and I feel as though a single touch will shatter everything. "Make yourself at home. Carlisle brought your bags up for you. You can unpack whenever you're ready. Take your time, Bella. No one here is going to hurt you," she reassures me. I want to look at her, to tell her I understand, but ever fiber of my soul forces my eyes to my shoes. I back away from her and nod slightly. "Dinner will be ready in an hour. If you feel comfortable enough to join us, we'd really love for you to," she offers gently. I turn my back to her and stare around my room until I hear the door click shut quietly