DISCLAIMER: I don't own the characters or any other references you might find in the story. Title's from One Direction's song, Never Enough. All her life, Annabeth had been the center of everyone's attention. In a way, it made sense- She was, afterall, a performer. She'd played the lead roles in almost every school production since kindergarten. In middle school, she made local news for saving a cat stuck on a tree. When she was fourteen, she tried out for the cheer squad, and ended up being the captain- She was the only freshman on the squad, and she was captain . She'd been the smartest kid in school since she could remember. Was she used to having people stare at her in awe and admiration? Yes, she was. It wasn't that she enjoyed the spotlight- She didn't even hate it. She'd just gotten so accustomed to it, she'd never thought it any different. She attended a small liberal arts college in New York, where she was a member of the student council and head of the Skidmore College dance team. There wasn't a single student who didn't know her- Name, face, or, most likely, both. She'd never been one for the sidelines, yet, she found herself comfortable backstage at the concert, peering through the gaps in the curtains to watch Eyes Of The Beat perform on the large stage. She smiles as she watches the lead singer swing his guitar around and hold the silver microphone with both his hands, pressing his lips to it. He's in no way close to where she's standing, but she can feel the genuine happiness radiate off him as he sings the verse. Annabeth doesn't notice herself mouthing the words as she watches him. The song comes to an end not long after, and somewhere in her mind, she's thinking of how unfair it is that their songs only last four minutes. Percy Jackson raises his tattooed arm up, and the crowd, although relatively smaller than usual, is deafening. There's people screaming the strangest things to him, and he's being very graceful, answering what little he could hear. He's laughing with them, and making jokes that makes Annabeth's stomach bubble with laughter. Every now and then, the bassist, Jason, would say something, and the two of them would bring the entire auditorium down. Annabeth glances down at her phone screen, and she knows it's time for her to leave. She wants to stay until the end- Oh, how much she wants to- but she's got her own spotlight waiting for her, and she draws back, letting the blue curtain fall back. She turns around, bidding Frank, the band's friend-turned-manager goodbye with a quick hug and a kiss to his cheek, hoists her handbag onto her shoulder and walks out. oOo Annabeth's lounged on the couch in a position hardly acceptable for someone wearing a skirt, but she's alone at home, so who cares? She told herself sadly. She's live streaming the VMAs on the TV, trying to cheer herself up. Her boys had been nominated for three awards this year, and she was happy for them, really, she was, but she hated that they had to go mid-tour to Las Vegas and leave her behind in Los Angeles. For someone so dedicated to dancing, she sometimes hates her job. She knows she can't be with Percy all the time- She knew that when they started dating before they'd gotten their big break, because she'd always believed in the boys- But it doesn't stop her from being just a little jealous of people like Travis and Katie, or Clarisse and Chris, who got to come home to the other every day. She'd get her boyfriend all to herself for all of three months a year, and she knows she should be happy, but she didn't think she'd ever get enough of having Percy around. She plays aimlessly with her curls as she watches the television screen sullenly. She didn't particularly care for pop music, and she swears she wasn't saying it because Eye Of The Beat was a rock band. She knows she's pouting, but she can't wipe it off her face. With a sigh, she reaches over the tan leather couch to fish out her phone. Somewhere along the way, it'd sank into the cracks. She fiddled with it for a few moments before hitting the call button, and holding it up to her ear. "Annabeth?" "Hey- Hi, Sally." Her voice sounded a little hollow, so she clears her throat. "Hi, doll." Annabeth smiles tiredly to herself. "Feeling lonely tonight?" Sally has a way of knowing things about Annabeth that she hasn't figured out yet, and she doesn't understand how much it means to the younger woman. "Kind of." She mumbled, and Sally sighs slowly. "Turn off the TV, Annabeth." She says decisively, and Annabeth found herself following her instructions without question. "Try to get some sleep, okay? There's some melatonin pills in the medicine cabinet, why don't you take one of them?" "Why are there sleeping hormones-?" "Have you watched the way you work?" Sally clicks her tongue. "I figured you'd need them sometime in life. Stocked it up for you when I visited last." Annabeth can't help but smile at that. She ambles to said cabinet and extracts a box of white pills, popping one into her mouth without bothering about the water. "Now get yourself a glass of water." Sally instructs on the other end of the phone, and Annabeth can hear the smile in her voice. She doesn't respond, but does as she says, and before she knows it, Sally's hanging up on her, telling her to just relax, and that it should kick in soon enough. Annabeth pads around the house aimlessly for a few minutes before deciding to snuggle back into the couch, turning on the TV. She catches the tailing end of Taylor Swift's performance, the advertisement break and leans forward in interest as Nick Jonas and Halsey come onto stage. The nominees for the Best Rock Video flash across the screen, and she's crossing her fingers. "Fall Out Boy!" Annabeth curls further into her huddled human ball, still watching the screen without actually listening to anything being said. She feels like she was dreaming, everything seems so surreal. Her vision was starting to blur, and she yawns, deciding to give her eyes ten seconds of rest before watching the rest of the show- EOTB was still nominated for Best Choreography and Best Collaboration, and she was especially proud of the first one, seeing that she 'd been the one to choreograph it. She'd insisted they don't give her credit, waved off any of their protests. She let her eyes flutter shut- Just giving them a break, she tells herself. oOo When she opens her eyes, sunlight is streaming into the living room, and the television screen was still on, although playing nothing- The live show is long over. She stretches her limbs, wincing at the sound of the muscles on her back cracking. She stands up, ignoring the pain on her neck, and opens the large sliding doors in the living room. She soaks in the sun for a moment, hot breeze hitting her face. She lets out another yawn before brushing her teeth, and then stepping out to make herself some coffee. She hears her phone buzz, and takes her as much time to find it as it does for her coffee to heat. She's so distracted, she pockets the phone before pouring it out into her favorite mug. Her phone's constantly buzzing, but she ignores it as she does the dishes- She hates procrastination, and would push anything aside if it meant she got her work finished. She dries her hands against her sweatpants, grabs the mug and settles into one of the barstools on the kitchen counter- It had been all Percy's idea- before pulling out her phone, just as it buzzed again, lighting up. Her lock screen was filled with texts that she was still too drowsy to read, so she looks for Percy's contact- Accented with a dolphin emoji beside it that he insisted be there- and slid it open. 11:32:18 P.M. Percy: Annabeth 11:32:45 P.M. Percy: ANNABETH 11:33:09 P.M. Percy: WE WON. YOU WON. 11:33:27 P.M. Percy: Why aren't you answering your phone? Are you alright? 11:34:02 P.M. Percy: Annabeth Chase, answer your fucking phone right now. 11:45:56 P.M. Percy: Just got off with my mom, you're asleep, I get it. Never mind. 09:57:01 A.M. Percy: I miss you. Call me when you're up? The last text is followed with a heart emoji, and Annabeth smiles sleepily at the screen, hitting call. It rings one time before he answers. "Took you long enough. What, did you OD on hormones?" His tone is light, teasing, and Annabeth's knees go weak at the sound of his voice, because god , she misses him, and she wants to be able to watch him laugh and touch his tattoos and run her fingers through his hair, and listening to him makes it so much worse. "You won?" She decides to ignore him, concentrating on the real news here. There's a shuffling from the other end of the line, and she can hear Percy call out, "Looks like Sleeping Beauty's woken up." She rolls her eyes. "Am I on speaker?" "ANNABETH, WE WON! BEST CHOREOGRAPHY!" Leo's voice was loud and she could almost imagine his eyes sparkling and that shit eating grin across his face. She ached to be able to see them all again. "You should've heard Percy's acceptance speech. Wouldn't stop talking about you. Oh, it's all my girlfriend, she's the greatest -" Nico did a bad imitation of Percy's voice, but got cut off after a sound that sounded suspiciously like someone hitting him. "I want to thank you, but I feel like you might hit me if I did." Jason says, and Annabeth can't wipe the smile off her face. It isn't even because of the award, it's just listening to them, and knowing that they were one week away from coming back home, coming back to her , made her giddy with excitement. "I'm so proud of you boys." She hears herself say, but she's lost all control of her senses. She's leaning against the table, and her eyes are watering but she has no idea how to get a grip on herself. She talks to them for a while longer, and they're telling her about the mad after party that none of them drank at , and how proud she should be of them, because they have a concert today, and they didn't need her momming them anymore. She's indulging them, telling them that they did the right thing, warning them not to go onto stage too drunk, hoping they have fun. The last part was only out of habit- Annabeth had never seen any of them look happier than they did when they were performing. She thinks that's why she ever fell in love with Percy in the first place. She'd barely paid him any attention, in the beginning. He'd always been the guy in her school who didn't speak much, and preferred to stay by himself. She'd seen them perform when she was back home for summer break before sophomore year in college, when she was on a date with a man who bored her to death and thought she'd like to go to a small bar in the city. She tried to listen to him without ripping her ears out, but she'd instead caught the sound of Percy's voice, and turned around to see the most attractive, confident guy who seemed to be able to sway the audience with just his words. His smile was easy, and his laugh loud. She'd walked up a little closer to stage, and because the world had always bent over itself to give her everything she wanted, he'd caught