A/N: I promised a million updates, I delivered on (1). Sorry 'bout that. This is also SUPER DUPER inspired by the movie Bachelorette and has mentions of drugs and alcohol. If that makes you uncomfortable, please don't go ahead and read it. I don't need negativity because of that, you know? ALSO POINTER: A lot of you wanted to know why I didn't elaborate on the relationships in Broken Heartbeats, which is a totally valid point, btw. I just wanted to explain that most of my stories have a seemingly long skip epilogue, mostly because when I end my stories, I get some reviews asking for me to continue. The epilogue is mainly to completely shut the entire story down, you know? I'll stop, if you'd like; I'd actually like to do that, too. Anyway, on with this story! Hope you like it! xo She sees him almost the instant she enters the lavish hotel lobby. He's wearing a well tailored suit with one hand tucked into his pocket and he's speaking with a woman she's never seen before, and doesn't as much as give her a second glance. The first thing Annabeth feels is ridiculously out of place in her all-too-simple blue t-shirt dress in the midst of all the well dressed upperclassmen. She's too aware of the clacking of her ankle boots against the marble floor as she approaches a familiar gaggle of girls. "You made it!" Hazel throws herself at her, and Annabeth drops the handle of her suitcase as she steadies herself. She laughs into the bride to be' hair. "I'm your bridesmaid. What'd you expect?" Hazel draws back sheepishly and Piper and Reyna take turns in greeting her. She hasn't seen her high school best friends in years; since she graduated high school, really. She asks them about their lives, only too aware of how their dresses are a lot better suited to the hotel than hers. She excuses herself to her room, only to have Piper follow after her. Annabeth whirls around when she feels the other woman's fingers wrap around her arm. "What?" She doesn't mean to snap, but she can't pretend seeing Percy hasn't thrown her off a little. She wishes she'd at leat got some kind of a warning. Piper has the decency to look apologetic. "I'm sorry." She mumbles, but her pour grows into a grin before Annabeth can fully forgive her. "So Hazel and her other bridesmaids flew in from Alaska, so they want to 'have a mellow evening'" She does such a terrible job imitating them that Annabeth has to crack a smile. "You, Reyna and me are giving Hazel the bachelorette party of the century!" Her best friend announces and Annabeth admits it's tempting. She glares at Piper for a second longer before caving. "Okay, alright. Fine. Let's do this." She says and the maid of honour squeals, throwing herself at her. "It's going to be AWESOME." She slips off, leaving Annabeth to go make herself look more presentable to her ex boyfriend she's been in love with for the last eight years. oOo Hazel looks confused between bursting into tears and slapping Piper and Reyna, and Annabeth decides to step back in silence as the bride to be glares at her friends. "You guys are high ?" She repeats, voice hitching up an octave. "Relax, Hazel! It's just pot." Reyna shrugs, and Annabeth flinches. This isn't going to end well, but Reyna doesn't seem to notice. "It's not going to kill us. The cocaine in my bag, though." She whistles. "That's a different story altogether." Annabeth sinks into her seat as Hazel starts to yell. Hazel Levesque was one of the nicest, most earnest and down to earth people Annabeth knew, and watching her scream was something, she decides, she never wants to experience first hand. It kind of broke her heart to see how her friends managed to push Hazel over the edge. She straightens up when Hazel turns to her. "And you," She cries, "What about you, then? Was your incredibly moving speech at the rehearsal also something you said because of the pot?" Annabeth flinches at this. She knows she did a terrible job trying to 'wing' the speech this evening, because she barely got through a couple of terribly framed sentences before catching Percy's eye and then excusing herself from the entire party. In her defense, the rehearsal could've been a rehearsal of the rehearsal, because they held it in a completely different venue. According to Reyna, the wedding planner had told them she'd be done by tomorrow, and wanted it to be a surprise for Hazel. She shakes her head slowly. She's twenty four and single and definitely someone who parties a lot, but she'd always made it crystal clear that she wasn't into drugs, no matter what kind. It was just something she'd always been really hesitant about trying, even back in high school when all her friends were only starting to discover the world of highs. "If you guys think for one moment that I'm still coming to the bar with you, you're insane." Hazel scowls and Annabeth can't believe she's seeing Hazel be so mean. A small part of her is proud of her for sticking up for herself and saying what she believes is right without a care in th world as to what her friends think. She'd always been a little afraid of hurting other people's feelings, and to see her growing out of it makes Annabeth strangely happy. "Hazel, it's your bachelorette party!" Piper calls, but all they hear is the door slam shut. She turns to the two of them. "Just us, then?" She shrugs. oOo "Why are you here?" Annabeth wishes Piper would shut up but she's got way too much pot in her system and she's high as a kite that nobody can control. Beside her Reyna groans. Frank, Percy, Jason and Leo are standing around their booth in the bar in the hotel, and Percy's still not given her as much as a nod of acknowledgement. Watching Percy Jackson laugh and talk and look through her like she's nothing is making Annabeth want to curl up and die slowly. She looks up at the men, trying for her most charming smile. "Piper needs to use the restroom." She explains, guiding her out of the booth. When she gets past the men, she turns around and flashes Reyna a panicked look. Her other friend purses her lips and they have a silent conversation, where Reyna basically says, Get her the hell out of here , to which Annabeth says, Okay . She pulls Piper to the washroom and shoves her into a cubicle before locking thedoor behind them. She takes a deep steadying breath. "Okay." She turns to Piper. "You're high. Reyna's drunk. Hazel's pissed. And I'm in a state of emotional despair." Piper only blinks at her. "I think Percy's gotten even hotter ." She offers. "Like wow . Anyway, I was wondering- You think I could be a stripper?" Annabeth lets out a long sigh. "Pipes, I know that you're a little off, right now, okay, but I need you to pull yourself together for me. Think you can do that?" She asks, and Piper only shrugs. "I could stay here if you give me my stash." She argues, and Annabeth's just about to tell her no, they're stuck together, when her phone buzzes. She glances down at the text from Reyna, reading: Annabeth! Reyna+Alcohol+Groomsmen=disaster HELP Annabeth's so frustrated, she lets out a growl before pushing herself off the wall of the cubicle. She turns to Piper, shoving one of her joints to her. "You get one . Stay in here or you'll regret it." She tells her slowly, making sure the other woman understands every word. Piper nods obediently and follows her out, settling on the sink counter contently. Annabeth decides it's safe to duck out for a couple of minutes, just to get Reyna out of there, and slips out, only to find Reyna chatting happily to Leo. "-And then, you know, we were really tired so my sister decided-" She was slurring before Annabeth grabs her arm ad brought her to her feet. She lets out a surprised yelp and looks at the blonde, who's gesturing wildly for her to leave. "Annabeth! So glad you could join us, I haven't seen you in ages!" Frank calls with a smile, and Annabeth lets out a groan through her smile. She gives the groom to be a hug, trying to come up with an excuse to get out of here, even though Reyna looks perfectly comfortable. "Hey, Frank! Congratulations!" She smiles, grip still tight around Reyna's arm. "Yeah, I've been busy." She says, struggling to keep her friend on her feet. "Yeah, last I heard, you were in New Haven?" He asks, passing her a bottle of beer. Reyna grabs at it before she can, and she lets out a sigh, gently prying it from her hands and returning it to Frank. "I think we've had enough." She tells her friend before turning to Frank. "Oh, yeah. That was a while ago. I work in San Francisco, now." She smiles. "That's right, I got myself a job!" She announces, for no real reason except in hopes that Percy would hear. If he does, he makes no attempt to speak to her, instead letting everyone else congratulate her. "Where's Pipes?" Leo asks, brows drawing in together, and Annabeth's mind goes blank. "She's dead." She announces, at the same time Reyna says, "She's ordering a drink." There's a pause, and Annabeth can't believe a piss drunk woman can come up with a better excuse than her. "She's dead serious about that martini." She covers awkwardly before deciding it's time to make their exit. She's had enough embarrassment for a day and she really just wants to go back to her warm home in California and sleep. "We should check on her, right, Reyna?" She smiles tightly and doesn't wait for anyone's response before dragging her friend away to the bathroom. She bursts through the doors to find Piper in a heated argument with a pretty woman with long, black hair that makes Annabeth insanely jealous. "-difference between mustard and saffron!" Piper screams, and the other woman looks offended. "Excuse me? You're just disrespectful, you awful woman." Annabeth opens her mouth to argue, but Reyna beats her to it. "Hey, Madeleine. Lay off her, no need to be such a bitch." She crosses her arms over her chest, and Annabeth looks between the three of them. "You guys know her?" She asks a little lamely and Reyna scowls at the woman called Madeleine. "Of course we do. She's the wedding planner. Which means," She says pointedly to her. "She treats te wedding guests with respect." Madeleine looks like she's been slapped across the face. She narrows her eyes. "I quit this miserable wedding, then." She throws her arms up in the air. "You're all brats and I can't handle this. Have fun figuring it out yourself. And the venue's only half done. Hope you can fix it in time." She spits before storming out the door. Annabeth watches after her in silence before turning to Piper and Reyna, who look just as speechless as she feels. After what seems like an eternity, Piper's mouth slowly moves before she mutters, "Well, fuck ." oOo "Hey, Annabeth!" Her blood runs cold and she feels a chill go down her spine. She shudders as she turns around to face the owner of the voice. Percy Jackson is right in front of her, green eyes boring into her. He's not smiling, but she can't make out if he's particularly upset. She swallows hard before raising her brows and giving him a tight smile. "Hi." Her voice sounds strained, and she isn't sure if she imagines Percy wincing slightly. He gives her a hard look and points