DISCLAIMER: I do not own PJO/ HoO or anything else you may recognize. Annabeth's hands are still shaking, even when the doctor comes out and tells her it's okay to go in and see him. She smiles gratefully at the man, resisting the urge to throw her arms around him. She wipes at her eyes just before she enters, hoping she looks better than she feels. She takes a deep breath when she sees him lying on the bed, features relaxed. She approaches him silently, and takes the seat beside the bed. Percy's fast asleep, chest moving up and down rhythmically. Absently, she reaches out her hand, tracing the slant of his nose, the curve on his cheekbones, the arc of his brows. Her fingers look even more pale against his tan skin, and she tries to match her breathing to his to calm herself down. He's here. He's breathing. He's alive . She lets out a shaky breath just as his eyes flutter open. She sees him look up at her confusedly,and can point out the exact second he realizes what's happened. His face goes from confused to panicked to recognition to peaceful in a span of three seconds, and then he relaxes, moving his head so his cheek is resting against his palm. He watches lets her stroke her thumb over his cheebones wordlessly for a while until he clears his throat. "Hi." He croaks, voice barely above a whisper. Annabeth sends him a small smile. "You gave us such a scare, Jackson." She tells him softly, and his brows stitch together. "Us? Does my mom know?" "Of course she does. I had to drop your son off somewhere when I rushed down here, didn't I?" She asks with a small smile. She's run out of tears, but she's in no mood to laugh, either. Percy groans, shifting slightly. "You told Alec?" He winces. "Mom's going to kill me." "You're the worst, Percy." She can't stop herself from sniffling a little. All humor vanishes from his face when he looks up at her. His mouth is pulled down and he's frowning slightly as he reaches out to hold her hand, pulling along the IV drips with him. "Hey." She looks up at him, hoping he can't see through her (Yeah, right ). "Why are you so upset?" "Why am I upset ?" She needs to remember she's in a hospital and can't scream. "You could've died . They call me and tell me my husband's been in a terrible accident and that he's in critical care and they don't know if he'll even make it and don't give me any updates for four hours , and you want to know why I'm upset ?" Her voice cracks, and she has to tell herself she's cried enough. That she's going to make it through this, because Percy's alright . Tears well in her eyes anyway, and she looks away from Percy, who looks shocked. "Annabeth, I'm-" He pauses. "I didn't know, I'm so sorry." She looks back up at him, almost instantly regretting it because her heart aches for the way he's pouting slightly. She lets out a sigh, running her hands over her face in an attempt to look a little more put together. "I should call Sally." She says hoarsely. "She and Paul are really worried." Percy nods with a slight wince and she gets off the chair and makes her way to the window to make her call. Sally and Paul come in half an hour later with their four year old son. "Percy! Oh, thank god you're alright!" Sally cries, rushing over to his bed, just when Alec comes in. "Mommy!" He screams, racing right into Annabeth's arms. She smiles softly at the little boy and lifts him off the ground. He wraps his legs around her and smiles happily at her, blue eyes sparkling. "You're not crying anymore!" He announces, and she knows Percy's tensing on the bed beside her. "That's right, sweetheart. Mommy's okay." She kisses his cheek. "You know who else is okay? Daddy!" She coos, carrying him over to his father's bed. Alec reaches out to his dad, but Annabeth holds him firmly. "Alec, sweetie, Daddy's got hurt really badly, okay? You can't play with him for a while." Big eyes blink up at her as her son frowns. "Did Daddy get into a fight at school?" He asks, and she sees Percy smile weakly behind him. "Yes, he did, darling. And what do you tell people who pick fights at school?" Alec turns in her arms to face Percy, and she can see him sticking a finger out over his blonde head. "Daddy. Nice boys don't fight. You made Mommy cry a lot ." He scolds, and Percy has the decency to look ashamed. "You're right, kiddo. No more fights." He agrees, just as Sally lets out a small laugh, hitting him upside the head gently. "Do you want to play fireman when we go home?" Alec pushes, and Annabeth freezes. She reaches out and strokes his hair softly, something that she realized a long time ago, calms him down- Just like it does, his father. He turns around and beams at her. "Daddy's not going to be able to play for a few weeks, baby." She says softly. "Until his back feels better. You can play with Jordan. How does that sound?" Alec's momentary frown melts into a grin. "That'll do." He decides before turning back to Percy. "Daddy, I hope you stop being hurt." "I do too, buddy." Percy winks at him. Alec wriggles out of Annabeth's hold and runs off to Grandpa Paul, sitting happily in his lap. Paul sends the three of them a thumbs up, as if to say, I've got this covered. Annabeth turns back to Percy, who's still being yelled at quietly by Sally, and she's about to join in, but she holds herself back. He's okay , she reminds herself. And just for that, he's off the hook . oOo Percy needs a lot more time before he can work his right leg fully, something that breaks his heart. Annabeth reaches out to interlace her fingers in his when the doctor announces it, and for a while, Percy seems perfectly okay with it. It sinks in minutes later, though, when Dr. Morozova is walking Annabeth through his rehabilitation exercises and timetables. " What ?" "You have to start out slow, so we'll-" The doctor repeats, but Percy slams his hand down on the table. "My right leg won't heal for how long ?" Annabeth takes a deep break, rubbing circles on his wrist with her thumb. "A year, Mr. Jackson, at least-" "I play basketball ." Percy cries. " For a living . I need this to get better sooner. Make it happen." He waves his arm around stubbornly. Dr. Morozova sends him a sad smile and a shrug before shaking her head. "I'm afraid I can't do that, Mr. Jackson. You got lucky, but struck some of the nerves in your back when you fell. If you attend therapy regularly, though, I think you'll be back on the field by next December." "Okay, first off," Percy glares at her. "It's a court. And December's a year and six months from now." Eight, actually, but Annabeth decides she can keep that to herself. She places her other hand over theirs before smiling at the doctor in what she hopes is an apologetic manner. "Thank you so much for your help. We should head back home." The doctor doesn't look impressed, but gives her a tight smile before grudgingly saying, "Feel free to call me if you need any help." Annabeth helps Percy off his seat and lets him sling his arm around her shoulders before making their way back to her car, with Percy muttering how stupid this is, anyway , the whole way. The drive home is mostly silent, because she's too scared to say something to set him off, and he's too wrapped up in his thoughts to say anything. Annabeth fiddles with the keys for a while and pauses before she unlocks the door. She looks up at Percy, who's leaning against the wall, face screwed up in pain, and she feels a pang of guilt for asking what she wants to. "Perce?" She asks softly, and he looks at her, frown slipping right off his features. "I know this is a lot to ask, but," She falters. "I haven't explained it to Alec, really, and-" He raises his hand up to silence her. "Annabeth. He might be a mama's boy- All Jackson men are- but he's my son, too. Don't worry about it." He sends her a large grin that makes her skin tingle as she opens the door. "You're home!" She barely has the time to register what's happening when a lightning fast blur of yellow throws itself at her knees. She laughs, ruffling he little boy's head and is about to answer, but he's already racing to tackle his father. Annabeth watches in horror as he runs straight into Percy's legs, demanding he pick him up. Percy, who looks like he's going to die from the impact only lets out a scream through gritted teeth. Annabeth's by his side in a flash, scooping up Alec and wrapping an arm around his waist as carefully as she can. Alec looks horrified at the thought that he caused his dad, his hero, so much pain, and has tears welling in his eyes, and Percy's moaning into the crook of her neck and Annabeth can't decide who to pay attention to first. She reaches out with the hand not carrying her son and strokes Percy's hiar and kisses the little boy's forehead. "Alec, honey, who don't you go inside and play with your toys, okay? Daddy's fine, I promise." Alec nods, looking up at her with large eyes and wiping the single tear his cheek as she sets him down. He slumps back into the house, and Annabeth sighs as she turns to Percy. "As for Daddy, he needs some rest." Percy squints at her, lips slightly apart and eyes half closed. "Daddy?" He repeats weakly, letting her carry most of his weight. He isn't as muscular as his teammates, not by a long shot, and Annabeth does like to think of her hours in the gym pay off, but she nearly bucks under the pressure. "Didn't know you were into kinks like that." He flashes her a small smile. "That's kind of dirty, Annabeth. Not judging you or anything, but-" "Hey, Perce?" Annabeth asks. He looks down at her as she guides him down the passageway and straight to their room. "Shut up." He smirks at her before frowning at the room they've finally got to. "I think I'll watch some TV. The Clippers are playing the Bulls, and-" "Not today, Jackson." Annabeth tells him drily. "I'll get you my laptopto live stream, if you'd like, but you're not leaving this bed under my watch." She relents after he pouts at her, regretting it the second his expression grows smug. "Someone seems to really want me in bed, eh, Mommy ?" He teases, and Annabeth rolls her eyes. "Do you want the laptop?" "Yes. Is Mom here?" He asks, wondering who was watching Alec when they weren't at home. Annabeth shakes her head. "No, but Thals is. Do you want to talk to her while I get dinner fixed up for tonight?" She asks, sinking into the bed beside him, reaching over his face to brush the hair out of his eyes. Percy smiles softly at her. "No, that's okay. Can you get Alec to come in here, though? I never got to say hi to the little guy." He shrugs, and Annabeth beams, because that would keep both of them busy long enough for her to figure out dinner, maybe some time alone with her best friend