DISCLAIMER: I do not own PJO/HoO or anything else you may recognize. "Where are we going?" Annabeth finally breaks. They've been driving in silence for an hour, ever since Percy barged into her house at three in the morning, demanding she get a change of clothes and some cereal bars and get into his car. His face didn't look like he was joking, which is why Annabeth decided, as she has many times before, to trust her best friend blindly and against all reason, and quietly got into what was the real love of his life, his sleek black Spyder. "We're going to find my parents." Annabeth's head snapped to his, hoping desperately that he was going to burst into laughter and say 'Nah, we're going to the beach!'. Instead, Percy looked straight on to the road, one arm on the wheel and his jaw set firmly. She's a little nervous when she speaks. "Perce, we don't know where they're staying." She puts on her most reasonable-at-five-in-the-morning voice. She's still wearing a short pair of shorts and a tank top, and she wishes he'd pull up the hood because she's cold. A small shiver escapes her teeth before she can stop. "I've got a jacket in the backseat. See if you can get your hands on it." He says, still not sparing her a glance. "I know. I just have a bad feeling about this." Sally and Paul had been travelling the country on Sally's book tour after it had been branded New York Time's Bestseller. They'd tried to get in touch with the two of them, to their credit, but Annabeth was too busy with work, and Percy was chasing behind a girl, and they'd both missed the couple. They'd walked into Percy's apartment on Wednesday to a schedule and a note that read, Dear Percy, we're off! Sorry we couldn't catch you. We'll be home in twenty three days- Don't worry, we'll be fine! I've written out the tour dates for you, just if you did worry, because I know you will. Take care, Mom and Paul. P.S. Tell Annabeth we miss her ! She can't believe Percy. "This is insane." She hits his arm lightly after slipping into his hoodie. She pulls her legs up to her chest and stuffs them under the hoodie, too, to keep them warm. "You don't even-" "Fifty states. How hard can it be?" Annabeth stared at him. "Are you hearing yourself?" She wonders if this is a dream, because there's no way someone kidnapped her to go on a road trip around the whole of the States. That doesn't even happen in books. She closes her eyes and tries to picture the schedule lying on Percy's dining table. It's the third day, she thinks, so where are they going to be? "Do you remember where she started?" "I think she'd said California." "She said Washington , Seaweed Brain. The furthest to the closest." "We're still headed in the right direction. We'll start from there." "Look, Percy." Annabeth straightens up. "I get that you're worried for Sally, but you have to let go. Remember when you moved out of home when you went to NYU?" She says softly, and she can see him hear her words. It's still dark around them, but she can see bags under his eyes when they pass streetlights. She reaches out and rests a hand gently on his, over the stick shift. "It's hard, I know, but right now, she needs you to step back, okay?" He's still driving, but they're slowing down, which she takes as her signal to continue. "They'll be home before you know it. And I'm always here to talk, okay?" She soothes, and Percy pulls up under a streetlight. When he turns to look at her, she can see how tired he looks. He shakes his head slowly. "I don't know, Annabeth. Something's going to go wrong. I can feel it." She realizes then that he believes it, and she's long since learned not to question him. Logic might come easier to her, but his gut was the most reliable- It was his gut that told him Craig was cheating on her, and his gut that told him that she'd get the job at Lindsay Architectural Firm. When he dies, she hopes they'll preserve that psychic stomach. She lets out a sigh, dropping her hand from his. She gestures for him to keep driving. "Fine, then. Let's go on a nationwide roadtrip to find two people, Percy Jackson." She resigns, and Percy looks like she'd just told him she was a unicorn and was about to poop out candies for him. He opens his mouth, but she cuts him off. "On one condition." He frowns at her. "We take turns driving." She knows it's a risky bargain- He doesn't let anybody get into the driver's seat of his precious car, but she knows that he's going to exhaust himself if he doesn't take a break. She can see the conflict in his eyes, but she stands her ground. "You don't know how to drive stick shift." "You underestimate my ability to learn." She argues. "If there's as much as one scratch-" "You'll make my life a living hell, alright, great." Annabeth waves off. "We're only doing this if I drive the minute it's eight." She cocks a brow, challenging him. She sees him deflate a little and mumble a soft 'Whatever' before starting up the engine again. She settles back into her seat, now wide awake, and watches them leave the city. It's a beautiful view, and the sky is starting to tinge orange- The sunrise is too beautiful for either of them to miss, so they pull up and climb onto the hood and watch it in silence. Annabeth wants to pull out her phone and take a picture, but she can't move; It's too cold, and Percy's got her wrapped up and tucked under him. She feels Percy's gaze on her, so she looks up at him His face is lit with a soft yellow tinge, the green of his eyes looking nearly liquid. They're bright and passionate, and wow, Annabeth thinks. She's never really thought of Percy as good looking- Not ugly, for sure, but not good looking either; He was just her best friend- but right now, she doesn't think she's ever seen a more beautiful pair of eyes. He's smiling slightly at her, and she frowns. "What?" "Have I ever told you I think you're beautiful?" He asks, smile growing into a grin. Annabeth feels her face heat up a little, and she rolls her eyes. "It's probably the light." She laughs, and he joins in. She leans into his chest, and they don't move for a few minutes, until he decides it's time to get back on the road, and so, they do. Annabeth watches the countryside flit by, trying to keep her eyes open. The lull of the engine and the blur of the trees calm her down, and she lets her eyes close- just a blink, she promises herself, and drifts promptly off to sleep. When she opens her eyes again, they're most definitely in a city. She knows this because they're in a traffic jam and the hood's come up, as have the windows. She looks up at Percy, who's whipped out his shades. He looks down at her with a smile. "Rise and shine, sleepyhead." She sits up straighter in her seat with a yawn. She hears some of the muscles in her back crack, and she winces. "What's the time?" "Eleven thirty." "Percy." She glares at him. "I was supposed to take over three hours ago. Move over." She demands, crossing her arms over her chest. Percy lets out a snort just as the vehices before them start to inch slowly further. "Yeah, because that would be safe. You were exhausted!" "I would've woken up." She insists, but it's clear he's won this time around. She looks around her. "Where are we?" "Columbus, Ohio." Percy announces, and Annabeth feels her eyes widen. "We didn't have to come all the way south to Columbus." She says weakly, regretting ever agreeing to this. Percy scowls at her. "Yeah, but I'd rather go through cities I know than get lost." It's obvious he's offended, becausehe scoffs. "If you know how to get about America so well, you navigate." Annabeth glares at him, ripping his phone out the charger. She looks down at her own, which is dying because she'd forgotten to charge it the previous night. She blinks up at Percy. "You don't happen to have a spare lightning bolt charger, do you?" Even with his dark glasses on, she knows he's rolling his eyes. "Apple is a machine for people who don't know what programming means." He recites, and Annabeth scowls. The Apple-Android debate had been an on going one ever since she'd gotten her first laptop when she was fourteen. "I'm not a programmer. I don't care." She throws back, more out of habit than spite. He cracks a grin at that, displaying a set of perfectly aligned teeth. Annabeth wishes her teeth were a little larger- Unlike Percy, she'd never needed braces- Even when she'd asked the dentist for them just because Percy had them, he'd ruffled her bangs and told her she had perfect teeth and nothing to worry about, something she'd believed until she grew a brain cell. It was obvious her teeth were just too small, she doesn't know why nobody can see it when she talks about it. Percy reaches out and lets laces his fingers with hers, pulling her out of her thoughts. "We'll pick one up the next time we stop for gas." He promises softly. Annabeth nods, playing with his phone aimlessly. She finds herself scrolling through his Instagram, looking through his own posts. He's not far behind from her- She's about a thousand followers ahead of him, at the most. The weird thing about his photos is that most of them include her, in some form. She'd never realized that before- Either it's a picture of them being goofy, or something she'd taken on his phone, or one of him that she's taken. She's mentioned in most of his captions and tags; there's even some pictures of just her at the beach or in his Mets jersey and her Yankees cap, captioned 'Traitor'. It's funny, she thinks, because she's never given any of these posts much thought, but she understands now why all his girlfriends are immediately threatened by her- Online, it's as if she's his entire world. "What're you up to?" Her head snaps to him, but he's looking at the road. He places a hand on her knee absently. "I think we should take a break. I haven't taken a shower." Annabeth loves to take showers- Something you know about her if you've spoken to her for longer than a minute. She takes two a day, but if you give her the chance, she'd take one every hour. "Looks like you're going to have to ditch the shower today, Princess." Percy teases, and she scowls. "We should be in Iowa by tonight." "Okay, great. Now move over, it's my turn on the wheel." They're in Ohio in the middle of nowhere, with nothing but the road and stretches of grass as green as Percy's eyes running for miles and miles, and nowhere to crash the car. This, combined with the tiredness, must have given Percy some confidence, because he doesn't put up a fight, just wordlessly pulls over and switches places with her. Annabeth settles into the seat, and looks down at the pedals. There's three . She takes a deep breath. She can see Percy watching her from the corner of her eye, and she really doesn't want to mess this up. She takes another deep breath to steady herself. She rests her hands delicately on the wheel and closes