A/N: I'm back! Haha, so so sorry for the brief period of inactivity, I've been really busy with work and have been sick a while, but I'm back with billions of ideas, hope you enjoy! I feel like I have to explain this, for some reason, so here's the thing. I kind of wanted to explore Percy's relationship with Reyna, Annabeth's with Reyna, and most importantly, I wanted to see if I could write Reyna at all. I've always felt she was too similar to Annabeth, which should have brought up some kind of conflicts, and I thought it would be interesting to play with their dynamics. I hope you don't mind that it's slight Pereyna (?) and I hope you like it! xxx Also, want to add that I'm currently working hard on the Spy AU, the name of which I've momentarily forgotten. I'm also working on one hell of a long one shot, so keep your eyes open, although I think it's going to take a long, long while! P.S. I also have an epilogue for this, set five years in the future, it would be great if you guys would let me know if you're interested! oOo Reyna doesn't like Annabeth Chase. It's that simple. She doesn't need a reason, she doesn't have to explain herself. She doesn't like Annabeth Chase and it makes her life a living hell. Are you confused? Here's the thing. Annabeth happens to be best friends with Reyna's boyfriend. Which means she needs to put up with that blonde know it all the entire day, because apparently, best friends are invited on dates and can be a part of literally anything in each other's lives. Do you see her problem now? She's currently sat at the bleachers, glaring intently at the bane of her existence, who's really not paying her any attention at all. The blonde is waving her arms in the air, silly pompoms and all, screaming out encouragement to her boyfriend. Reyna never thought she was the jealous sort, but now, with Annabeth in the mix? She doesn't think she's ever been more wrong about herself. In the meanwhile, Percy Jackson dribbles a basketball around boys three times his size with the grace of a ballerina. People are cheering for him- his friends from school crying out encouragement, but Reyna knows he isn't actually hearing any of the noise- He's been on the basketball team for four years now, ever since his freshman year in high school, and he's used to it. He takes his position to shoot, pausing to take a quick glance over his shoulder to make sure he's still open. He does a quick sweep of his surroundings. Reyna feels her breath catch slightly when his green eyes flash up to the area she's sitting. She thinks he's going to acknowledge her- Surely , he's seen her. She deflates visibly as they show no sign of recognition. That is, until they find the cheerleaders. Even from the distance, she can see his shoulders loosen a little. He shakes his hair out of his eyes, gaze still fixed on the head cheerleader. Reyna knows she shouldn't, but she follows his gaze, anyway, to Annabeth, who, unlike the rest of her squad, isn't moving. They're doing that annoying thing again- Having silent conversations. It drives Reyna mad. The entire auditorium holds its breath as Percy leisurely finishes his conversation and turns his attention back to the hoop. The clock shows fifty eight seconds left. The ball is in the air, then, and slips into the net easily, hardly even touching the ring. The scoreboard increases by two points, giving their school a fourteen point advantage, impossible to beat in forty two seconds. Cheers erupt around Reyna, and she can't help the grin forming on her own face and she gets to her feet and clapping. The rest of the match goes by in a flash, and Reyna's making her way down to congratulate Percy, only to stop in her tracks. He's already with Annabeth, his arms circled around her waist and face buried in the crook of her neck. Reyna tells herself she doesn't mind, that after ten months of dating Percy, she's used to how close they are, but he lifts her up and spins her in a circle and looks at her the way he's never once glanced at Reyna, and she doesn't know what to think. She's Reyan Avila-Ramirez Arellano. She does not lose her temper. She approaches them cautiously, now that Percy's set her down, and they're both laughing. Percy is holding her blue and gold pompoms and playfully shoves it into Reyna's face when she reaches them. "Hi." He says, sounding breathless. He's grinning ear to ear, and it makes Reyna smile despite her mood. "Hi." She reaches over and pecks him on the lips, but he only scowls slightly. "I'm so sweaty." He complains. Reyna has to bite her tongue to keep herself from asking about when he was all over Annabeth. She knows Percy Jackson, and he'd never do anything deliberately to hurt her, of that she's sure. It's Annabeth Chase she's really weary of. "You did great out there!" She beams, anyway. In her peripheral, she sees Annabeth pull a face, and turns her attention to the blonde, raising her brows. Annabeth doesn't respond. Percy rubs the back of his neck. "Thanks." He looks a little sheepish. "But Annabeth's right. I only did the useless work- Frank was the real hero of the game." He shrugs, not looking particularly bothered, but Reyna feels slightly offended for him. She looks back at Annabeth. "I thought you played really well." She continues. "I could see how happy playing made you, and that's all that matters." She knows it's not a smart thing to do. She makes passing comments on Annabeth all the time, mostly because she can't stop herself, but the feisty blonde is never one to take them lying down. She can almost see anger flashing in her eyes before they turn cold. Reyna's pretty sure they were usually more grey than the icy blue they are right now. "Just happiness isn't enough to get you on the NBA, though." She shrugs. Her features are cool, but there's a storm brewing in her eyes. "Constructive criticism, on the other hand- that's something that you're actually going to need." She flashes Reyna a large smile before turning to Percy. "Anyway, I've got that stupid dinner tonight, so I'm off. Have a nice time at the party, you guys!" She smiles, standing on her tiptoes and pressing a cheek to Percy's cheek. Reyna can see her hesitate, but with a discrete glance at Percy, she wraps her arms around Reyna's neck, giving her a lousy hug before pulling away like she was afraid Reyna would bite. "You sure you don't want me to come down?" Percy asks as Annabeth starts to walk off. She pauses, turning around again with a shrug. "Nah, at least Magnus's going to be there. Besides, this is your party. Have fun. Gods know I'd get an earful if I were to deny you that pleasure." She looks over to Reyna, who wants to snap at her, but before she can open her mouth, Annabeth already has her arm around another cheerleader, Reyna thinks her name is Silena Beauregard, and they're disappearing into the crowd. Without realizing it, Reyna lets out a loud sigh. She turns to Percy, who's beaming at her. "Are you coming to the party, then?" She asks, mostly because she isn't sure what to say. Percy shrugs. "For a while. She thinks she can handle it, but I think I'll drop in anyway." He nods in the direction Annabeth walked. Reyna shrinks a little bit into herself. "She said she'd be fine. Besides, we could do something else. Just us?" She hints, and Percy nods pensively. He scratches his chin for a moment. "Or we could go crash Dr. Chase's ridiculously pompous party and save Annabeth and Magnus from hours of the purest form of torture." He beams, and Reyna knows there's no changing his mind. She lets out a growl of frustration, and Percy frowns at her before his eyes clear up. "Oh. I stink. You're right. I'm going to take a shower. Wear something nice, and I'll meet you there at seven! Don't go in without me, it'll be a great surprise!" He calls over his shoulder as he races off into the changing rooms, waving to everyone who was congratulating him on the way. oOo Reyna sighs as she looks through her closet for the fiftieth time. She still can't find anything she thinks she can wear to the Chase residence. She's never actually been to Annabeth's house before, considering how the girls are most decidedly not friends, and she's not sure she's going to be welcome at all, but she's heard about Dr. Chase's parties. All of New York City probably knows about them, really. Annabeth's father, being an extremely successful businessman and entrepreneur, is very well connected, and occasionally throws lavish parties, that, according to what Reyna's heard from Percy, Annabeth detests. Reyna, who's never known what it's like to have so much money, can't imagine why she's still cribbing, and can only chalk it down to her being ungrateful. Reyna and her sister, Hylla, are by no means deprived, but the Chases are very close to royalty. In fact, she's pretty sure she's even heard rumors about how they're descended from actual Swedish royalty. She's so preoccupied with glaring at her clothes that she doesn't see her sister come in. "What's going on?" Reyna nearly jumps at the sound. She turns around, relaxing when she sees Hylla, brows arched. She lets out a resigned sigh, plopping down on her bed. "I'm going to a really formal party." She says glumly. "And I have nothing to wear." Hylla beams at her, and she regrets it almost instantly. Her sister had wanted to play dress up with her for as long as she can remember, something Reyna had been specifically averse to. Now, especially with them having roughly the same build, she has no doubt that this is going to turn into a disaster. "My room. Now ." Reyna resigns herself to it, cooperating and struggling into the long yellow ball gown that Hylla shoves into her face. Hylla plays with her hair and draws over her face with sharp pencils, and finally lets her look at herself. Reyna can't believe her eyes. She looks like a princess. It's not something that's usually used to describe her, no. Princess was more Annabeth Chase, with pretty features and a slim figure. Reyna has always been tough, strong, not a force to be reckoned with. Right now, in her strapless golden gown and intricate braid over her shoulder, she looks delicate. And she can't bring herself to completely hate it, either. She looks down at the silver watch on her wrist. "I'll probably still be earlier than him." "What, your boyfriend isn't going to pick you up?" Hylla scowls. She doesn't like Percy Jackson, and it has nothing to do with him and more to do with the fact that he's a boy. She's generally averse to the entire male subspecies in general, so Reyna doesn't take it personally. "Never does. It's no big deal." " Never ?" Hylla asks. "Isn't that gentlemanly?" "Oh, he's a gentleman. Just forgetful." Reyna tries, more for herself. It's true, though. Percy holds doors open for her and gives her his varsity jacket and lets her keep his umbrella when it's raining, and she doesn't want to sound ungrateful. It's just that with Annabeth, he's none of those things, and sometimes, she wishes he'd be like that with her, too. He'll let the door slam on Annabeth's face and then spend hours laughing about it. She'd come to school in a pair of tights and his navy basketball