DISCLAIMER: I do not own PJO/HoO or anything you may recognize. A/N: This is for my best friend ever, Minnie, who means the world to me, and currently lives in my hometown, which is over eight thousand kilometers away from my uni. I miss her so, so much, and SHOUT OUT TO YOU BC I LOVE YOU BB xo Piper gawks at her best friend, who's only looking at her with brows raised. "What are you staring at?" Annabeth demands, looking more bored than anything else. Piper only stares open mouthed at her. She holds out her hand to touch the blonde's hair, trying to mke sure it's real, and is honestly surprised that it is. "You got your hair dyed ?" "Honestly, Pipes, it's just the tips. I don't see what the big deal is." Annabeth shrugs. The entire school is staring at her- Nothing different about that, though, Piper thinks- But she doesn't let it affect her. How Annabeth handles being all the attention is beyond her. "Pink?" "I like to think of it as French Rose." Annabeth waves off, but her expression is thoughtful. "Maybe a Baker-Miller pink, really?" "Annabeth!" Piper's best friend rolls her large eyes, outlined with just the right amount eyeliner that's winged to perfection. "You're making a big deal of nothing, now let's go . We've got English." She pulls her waves into a ponytail at the top of her head. It's messy, with her bangs still covering her eyes and bumps on her head, but she still looks like she's stepped out of a fashion magazine. Piper peels herself off her locker and falls in step with the blonde. "Stop staring." She says, without sparing Piper a glance. "You're literally the most annoying human being to ever exist." Piper states, and Annabet flashes her a grin, eyes twinkling. Piper lets out a sigh. "Okay, so why'd you get it done?" "My dad didn't notice." Annabeth shrugs, and Piper would have bought it back when they were nine years old, but she knew her too well to think she still cared about getting her father's attention. Unlike herself, Annabeth had long given up on trying to impress her father, which Piper thought was both, sad and smart. "Now tell me the truth." Piper demands flatly, and she can see Annabeth smirk as they enter the classroom. "No reason. Wanted a change." She brushes off. They take their seats somewhere in the middle of class. Mr. Blofis is already at his table, his glasses on and reading through a bunch of papers. "I want you guys to spend this hour reading the chapter while I go around distributing your papers." He announces once the class settles down, and Piper beams triumphantly at Annabeth- To them (and probably the rest of the class), it's time off to talk, which is exactly what she needs. "What are you playing at?" She wonders out loud, and Annabeth snaps. She grins, because she can get almost anything out of her friend by repeating her question the right number of times. Annabeth leans in closer to her, her voice dropping to a whisper. "Don't turn, and don't make it obvious or I will hurt you." She pauses, as if debating whether or not to go on, and Piper looks up with a big, innocent grin, hoping to sway her. "Percy Jackson." Her voice is so low, Piper isn't even sure she heard her. She blinks at her for a moment, and her head automatically snaps towards the boy at the end of the class. He's sunken into his seat with a scowl that she thinks is permanently etched into his features. He's wearing jeans tighter than Piper's with rips at the knees, showing her a pair of tan knees. She can see the tattoos all over his left arm, even though his right one seems empty from under the sleeve of his black t-shirt with a text that she can't read from the distance printed across it. There's a leather jacket hanging off the back of his seat, and he's got his head turned, talking to a pretty redhead in the seat beside him, giving Piper a full view of his undercut. The tips of his hair is dyed a blood red, and she can't help but frown before turning back to Annabeth. "Him?" She asks, a little unsure, and Annabeth's face turns red, even with her tan. She bites her lip, but can't hide her smile. "He's attractive." She defends weakly, averting her eyes, and Piper finds herself smiling a little. She wants to laugh, because of all the people she could have had, she picked him? Really? "He isn't ugly." Piper allows, and Annabeth lets out a groan before collapsing on her desk in a very uncharacteristic fashion. She's saying something, but her words are completely muffled by the fact that her arms are around her face, so Piper leans in closer to her best friend. "-A girl like me." She's saying. "Eh?" She raises her head, bangs askew. "He's never going to notice me." She whines. "You think if maybe I shave a part of my hair off? What's that called, again?" Piper bursts into a loud laugh, causing Mr. Blofis to look up and flash them a pointed look. She sends him an apologetic smile before turning back to her friend. "You want to get an undercut?" "Think it's too desperate?" "I'd like to see you match your heels to your dress to your hair to your new edgy look ." Piper laughs, at the same time wondering how she's managed to pull off pink hair to a yellow dress. Annabeth looks genuinely concerned about it, giving Piper a good idea of how serious she's being about Percy Jackson. Just thinking it makes Piper want to laugh again, but she sobers down for her. "Annabeth, if he can't see you for who you are,-" "Yeah, yeah. He doesn't deserve me, I've heard that before." Annabeth scowls and in that moment Piper thinks she and Percy could make the greatest babies with the most negative scowls. "He probably doesn't even know my name, and-" Piper snorts. "If he doesn't know your name, he doesn't attend Sunnybrooke High." She's absolutely right, of course- There's not a single student- Or teacher, for that matter- who doesn't know (and love) Annabeth Chase, which makes it a lot easier for Piper to get away with stealing from people. If she ever did get caught, she'd say 'You know, Annabeth-' and she didn't even have to finish the sentence before the poor victim would let her have it. Percy Jackson could be no exception, of that Piper was sure. "He's probably dating that girl, anyway." Annabeth jerks her head towards him and the redhead discretely. "Rachel Elizabeth Dare. She's in my art class, and gods, Pipes, you should see her sketches. They're beautiful." "I don't really care about her sketches." Piper shrugs. "I do care, however, about your mental health. Percy Jackson, really?" "Ssh! Someone might hear." Annabeth glares. "And don't say that. I've heard him sing and play the guitar, and my ovaries can't handle it, really. I just want to run my fingers through his hair and-" "Again, I don't care." Piper cuts her off. "I think you're crazy," Annabeth looks a little offended, so she puts her hands up. "But I'll support you." She sighs. oOo "Can we have Percy Jackson and Leo Valdez report to the principal's office, please?" The whole class looks up at the blaring speakers. Piper can't help but send Annabeth a smirk from across the table, but her friend pointedly looks down at her flasks. She turns to Travis, her chemistry partner, and speaks to him, and it's obvious she's trying to ignore Piper, who sighs and looks up at Jason. He's doing all the work, as was decided by them at the beginning of the year when they were assigned to be partners- Leaving Piper to chemicals is probably not a good idea, anyway. "Bet it's the graffiti." Jason grins, and Piper raises her brows curiously. "Oh, man, if they haven't scrubbed it clean by the time we're out, you should check out the wall below Principal Foster's window." He lets out a laugh. Piper is about to respond, but the speakers crackle to life again. "Annabeth Chase, please report to the principal's office." Piper turns around to raise her brows at Annabeth, who seems just as surprised. She shrugs at Piper, eyes wide and excuses herself without another word, leaving Piper to wonder what was happening. Even Jason is frowning. "Is she in trouble?" He asks, and there's a soft murmur throughout class. Travis looks entirely lost without Annabeth's help, so he moves over to work with Piper and Jason. Jason finishes up with the experiment, and bends over to get to his notes that the other two of them decide to copy off of once he's done. They lean against the table beside Jason. "Wonder what's taking her so long." Travis says absently, playing with the slight stubble on his chin. "Maybe she's getting some kind of appreciation?" Jason asks, now working out some math equation on his sheet. "It's senior year. Maybe she just got a huge acceptance?" "I don't know. They didn't make a big deal of her Princeton scholarship." Piper points out, and Jason straightens up. "She got into Princeton? Sweet! That's where I'm headed." Piper rolls her eyes, because of course he is. Much like Annabeth, Jason thrived on being the best there is. There was so many things they had in common- They were both incredibly smart, were in at least two of the school's teams, and extremely driven. They had this aura that kind of made everyone around them (Piper included) want to work harder, as if they were born to influence and lead people. Jason Grace, Piper thinks, is very likely the answer to all the times she's complained about how she wished she was lesbian, or there was a male Annabeth for her. It's not a crush, she swears. They're just friends- Acquaintances, even; He was pretty close to Annabet, so they were just people with a mutual friend, really. She just thinks that if she were dating him, he'd make a great boyfriend. Not that she'd go out of her way to try to see what that would be like. She'd even go far enough to say she'd have rather Annabeth like Jason than Percy Jackson . "Congratulations, man!" Travis grins, giving him a fist bump, and Piper smiles awkwardly at him. "I'm hoping this basketball season will get me a scholarship at Ohio State." He continues, and Piper and Jason nod, before they turn to her expectantly. Piper considers it. Unlike her best friend, she'd never had any plans for the future. Sure, she's applied to a couple of colleges on Annabeth's insistence, and her SAT scores aren't too bad, but she has absolutely no clue where she's going from here. She isn't even sure if she wants to go to college at all. She shrugs. "I'll go to Gainesville, if at all." She finally shrugs, only because she doesn't want to admit how unprepared she is. "It'll be nice to be by the beach." She hums, trying to ignore the weird jitters creeping up her spine. If she's being really honest with herself, she hasn't thought about college simply because she doesn't want to. Her life's going to be different, it's her last year at high school. There's people here she knows, she's comfortable with, and she isn't sure she wants the change. This is her life- It's been for the last twelve years, and college is going to be a whole new scene. Annabeth isn't going to be there . She can't imagine that. The girls had been best friends since they met when they were three years old, and going to school without her seems impossible. She