A/N: (Edit) Shout out to catspats31 for pointing out how I can't use the actual lyrics. Thank you so much, also I've pulled it off. Hope you have a good one x DISCLAIMER: I do not own the PJO/HoO series or anything else that you may recognize. It's a song fic based off Taylor Swift's song with the same name. Percy can't believe he's actually here. Really, a part of him wants to slap himself, because he cannot believe he's sitting here voluntarily . He eyes Piper wearily as she smirks at him, almost gleefully. "So, Percy." She crosses her legs in her chair, leaning back comfortable. Percy leans forward, leaning his elbows on the table, because he knows this is a stupid idea but he didn't know who else to speak to, and he sure as hell wasn't going to let himself go through this without getting something out of it, just because he couldn't hear what she says. "Is there something you need?" Percy wants to growl- She knows exactly what he needs, she's been pestering him to let her help for the last six months (That's a really long time)- and no amount of 'innocent' eyelash batting will be able to hide the triumphant dance her eyes are doing. He scowls at her. "You know exactly what." He snaps, and she looks too smug for his liking, so he lets out a sigh. "I need help with Annabeth, okay?" Piper beams at him, clapping her hands together. "Finally. Do you think you'd listen to me when I tell you you're in love with her now?" Percy only scowls at her, because he thinks that if he says it out loud, everything becomes altogether too real, and he isn't sure he's prepared for any of it. Piper seems to be satisfied with his response, though, because she nods. "Alright, Jackson. I'll show you how to do it." Percy blinks "Do what?" He doesn't like how she seems to be glowing. "How to get the girl." oOo He's never been to Portland, Oregon, but from what he can see of it on the cab ride from the airport to his hotel room, he knows exactly why she loves living here. It's so typically Annabeth- It's a change from the bustling streets of New York, with its pretty sidewalks and gorgeous cityscape. It's got a beautiful, somewhat dainty aura to it that he's started to associate with Annabeth, even if she can probably run a knife through someone without as much as a twitch. It's just as wet and rainy as he's heard, but nothing could have prepared him for the strangely mesmerizing feeling of being here. It feels like he's come back home, even if he's never seen any of this before. The cab driver is friendly, and makes small talk with him that Percy decides that he doesn't actually hate. He checks into his room, dumps his duffel and washes his face, examining his reflection for a moment, wondering if it's too late to back out, but Piper's almost definitely got a camera hidden in here somewhere, because his phone buzzes with a volley of messages. You're almost broke . The first one reads, and Percy knows it's true. He's a struggling musician, and the plane fare, added with the cost of the hotel he's staying at together nearly wipes out his bank balance, and it would take a couple of months of his job at Apple to start filling it up again. You literally have nothing to lose . Which, in reality, is also true. He doesn't have much to lose, except maybe his dignity, but that's riding at an all time low, anyway, so he thinks Piper is right. She's ten minutes away from you . Is her third text, and Percy needs to calm his racing heart. You're a piece of shit if you don't do this . He thinks Piper has a very strange way of motivating people, but he takes it because it's all he has. Besides, none of what she said is really wrong, so he decides to do it right now, while he's still riding the high from Piper's borderline motivational texts. He stands in front of the door, staring at the gold plated 23 that adorns the dark door. It's still raining lightly, but he's been looking at the door for the last thirty two minutes, trying to get himself to ring the bell. He's dripping from head to toe, and he finally convinces his muscles to hit the button. It takes her less than a minute to open the door, and when she does, Percy's breath catches, because it's like she's gotten even more beautiful. She's wearing her black tights, and an old pullover with cats all over it, and her hair's tied up in a messy knot at the back of her head. She looks up at him through her large glasses for a moment before she blinks in recognition. Her eyes are the size of saucers when she speaks. "Percy?" "Yeah, hi, Annabeth." He says awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck. He knows what he has to tell her- He's rehearsed it with Piper countless times, but he doesn't remember much apart from Annabeth's name. She smiles softly at him. "You're dripping wet." She observes, and he nods. "Been out a while." "Without an umbrella? You're insane." She laughs, stepping aside and gesturing for him to step in. He's grateful that she's mature enough to let him step inside, because he's freezing. She leads him to the living room and disappears for a moment, returning with a towel, one of his old hoodies and a pair of shorts that definitely used to be his. He looks up at her, brows raised, and she shrugs, her cheeks tingeing pink. "I like these shorts." She's quick to expain. He decides not to embarrass her- He's definitely not there with her yet. He changes into her- His clothes fast enough, and pads into the kitchen to find her working over a pot of coffee. "You cook?" He asks her a little playfully, because she'd refused to cook when they lived together. She stiffens a little and Percy immediately regrets it, but when she turns around to face him, her features are composed. She smiles at him, even if doesn't reach her eyes, and leans against the counter. "Why are you here, Percy?" Her tone isn't rude, she just sounds upset- Like she was fine without him being there, and he feels his heart sink. He wants to apologize, tell her he's got the wrong house and leave and never look back, but he can't leave without her- Like Piper had pointed out, he has nothing to go back to. "I missed you." He tells her honestly, and he can see her try to search his face. She sighs. "I missed you too." She says softly, not meeting his eye, which Percy takes as a sign to go on. "It's been a really long six months, Annabeth. Six months and four days- Yeah, I counted." He shrugs at her raised brows. "And I don't think- I can't go on like this. I haven't touched my guitar since, haven't listened to music, hung out with the guys. My boss gave me time off because he thinks I need to pay more attention to my mental well being, and-" His voice breaks. "Maybe he's right." He doesn't look at her when he admits it, because it isn't an easy truth to come to terms with. "I left you, and it's my fault," he goes on, eager to get off the topic, but he doesn't look up at her reaction to any of his words- He doesn't think he can. "I don't know what I'm here to ask you, but please. Don't say no." He thinks he's going to end up crying himself to sleep tonight. "Why?" She asks, and it's barely above a whisper. He looks up to see her- She's got her hands over her face, eyes shining with doubt and sorrow and disappointment and everything Percy had once sworn to never let her feel. He takes a breath. "I was afraid." He tells her. "To tell you what I was thinking, and it lead to everything slipping through, and I can't tell you how sorry I am." He wants to go on, but his eye catches something in the light shining through the window of the kitchen- A little silver frame, and he forgets where he is as he walks over to look into it. He's a little surprised because it's a picture of them , and he knows that she'd called it her favorite one, but he can't believe she's still got it, sitting on the little table in her kitchen. His cousin, Thalia'd taken the picture a while ago, when he was getting a tattoo on the skin where his thumb met his wrist. He's no stranger to tattoos, but that one had been particularly painful, an intricately designed lightning bolt. It was one of his favorite tattoos, because, corny as it sounded, it was for Annabeth. He'd met her at a music festival, when he'd gone to watch Luke Castellan & The Titans, one of his favorite bands, even if they weren't too well known, until they'd split two years ago, and had literally walked into Annabeth in her floral dress sticking out in the throng of leather clad people. He'd started speaking with her, found that she was only here because she actually knew Luke Castellan and was here to support him, and he'd known, as the band played Lightning Thief that the seventeen year old standing before him was the girl he was ready to sell his heart for. His tattoo was a way of acknowledging the precise moment he'd fallen irrevocably, head over heels in love with Annabeth. She'd held his other hand, fingers interlaced with his as he grit hit teeth when the tattoo artist cut into his wrist, pressing a soft kiss on his cheek as he was getting it wrapped up in cling film, which was exactly when Thalia'd decided to capture the moment. The photograph showed Percy looking like he'd been offered immortality in the moment that her lips touched his cheek, and Annabeth was smiling against his skin, too, and the picture looked so real , their emotions almost tangible. He lets out a breath, running his fingers over the picture lightly before looking back up at Annabeth, who's regarding him with an unsure stare. "We were good together." He nods to the picture, and she cracks a small, tight smile at him. "We were." She agrees lightly, and he can tell she's bothered by the conversation, so he decides to keep talking. He takes a breath, because this is what he's flown all across the country for. "Look, Annabeth, I just wanted to apologise-" "It's fine." She cuts him off, not meeting his eye. She busies herself by cleaning the kitchen counter that's already spotless. "You had to leave, I still don't understand why, but I respect it. Would you like an umbrella? I don't want you catching a cold on the way back." Percy gaped at her back for a while, almost politely declining and heading back into the rain. He looks down at her long legs, and wonders if she's lost some weight. She'd always been slim, but she had great calves, that's for certain, and they definitely look skinny now. He wonders if maybe she's not as put together as she seems. "I must've been crazy." He breathes, and then he wants to slap himself because he can't believe he said that out loud. Annabeth's head whips back to him, and she's looking at him incredulously, like he's just slapped her. "Excuse me?" She asks slowly, and Percy runs his hand through his hair, because he's known Annabeth for seven years now, and he knows