Luke Castellan had finally found happiness. His life was in constant danger and he didn't know for sure that there was a bed for hi to sleep in at night, but he's so happy. With Thalia by his side and Annabeth under his nose, he knows for a fact that he can conquer the world. They've stopped for the night, and it's Thalia's turn on guard duty, so he's lying on his back beside her, Annabeth's small frame curled into his side. He strokes her hair absently and watches the way her chest rises and falls evenly. Her features are lit in the dim moonlight, making it look like she's got a halo all over her body. On his other side, Thalia's sitting up, leaning against the bark of a tree, looking into the woods a few meters away from where they set up camp. She exhales from her mouth, creating a small puff of air to form. Luke reaches out with his free hand and gives her a gentle push, flashing her a smile when she looks at him. She looks tired, but beams at him before her gaze flickers to the seven year old sleeping peacefully in his arms, small crease forming on her forehead. Luke knows exactly what she's thinking- the two of them are good with their blades, they're older and understand things a lot easier than she does. She's too young, too innocent, to have to live in constant fear. Between the three of them, Annabeth was the one who really deserved a better life, something that both of them had easily agreed would be the only thing they want for her. Thalia lets out another sigh. "Luke," She starts quietly, not wanting to wake up the little girl. "We have to do something for her." Luke nods. He looks down at her sleeping figure, and leans down to press a kiss on her forehead. He's found his own little family, his two girls that he'd easily give his life for. He feels Thalia set her hand on his chest, and lets Annabeth's steady breaths relax him. "We'll make sure she's safe and happy. I promise ." oOo Annabeth stumbles behind them, and Luke turns around just in time to see her trip over one of the roots and fall to her knees with a scream. Panic seizes his heart as the hellhound advances on her. He doesn't wait to tell Thalia he's turning around, and heads straight to the monster, slashing his sword blindly. It breaks into nothing, but he can't control the anger coursing through his veins. He turns around to see Annabeth, staring up at him with wide, watery eyes. Her bottom lip is quivering like it does before she cries. He tries to take deep breaths. The monster is gone; his little girl is safe. He swears he'll kill anyone and anything that ever threatens her. Thalia bursts in just as the tears start falling from Annabeth's eyes. "You almost died." She says quietly to Luke. He doesn't really remember what happened, just that his body was on autopilot to keep her out of the way. "I'm too dumb and slow. I'll get you all killed." Her voice breaks at the end before she starts sobbing. Thalia's already sitting beside her and telling her that's not true, and they'd rather be dead than leave her behind, but Luke ca barely react. He watches her cry into Thalia's jacket, feeling his own heart crumble slowly and painfully. He can't believe she'd ever think that. He knows they aren't much older than her, but Thalia and Luke have somewhat adopted her as their little sister, and he doesn't think he can imagine a life without her. "Annabeth Chase." He says finally, getting down on his knees so he can look into her eyes. "You're a part of our family now. And real family doesn't leave others behind. And they most definitely don't ask to be left behind." She nods slowly, sniffing and wiping furiously at her eyes, even though it does nothing to stop the tears from flowing. "Now, show me your knife." He says, and she does. "Don't be afraid to use this. I promise you, you'll be fine." "You promise?" She asks, and he can see Thalia flashing him a smile in his peripheral. He grins at the seven year old. " I promise ." oOo He feels hollow. Beside him, Annabeth's screaming her lungs out, tears running down her face, and a part of him hurts just to see her so distraught, but most of him is numb. He can't feel his own arms as he leans out to wrap his arms around Annabeth, burying his head in her curls and pulling her as close as he can to her. He doesn't think he can bare to lose the only part of his family he has left. He hears the centaur explain what he already knows- that he's a son of Hermes, that Thalia had a strong scent because she was Zeus' daughter, that they're demigods. He knows Annabeth is going to have to stay in the Athena cabin, away from him, and in that moment, he's past caring. He sees camp, and thinks of how much Thalia would have liked this place. How they could have sat at the top of the lava wall, taught Annabeth how to swim in the creek, laughed without the worry of being attacked at the campfire. Most of the other kids are his age- somewhere between twelve and sixteen, but there's also some who are older. One thing is for certain- Annabeth's the youngest, and has nobody who'd want to hang out with her. Looking at her face, he doesn't think she'd want to talk to anyone any time soon, but he knows it'll grow to be a problem soon. He walks with her to the Athena cabin, and she plays nervously with her blade, biting her lip. He gives her a gentle push, and she marches up the two steps and pauses at the door, turning back to him. "What if they don't like me?" She asks, and Luke finds himself frowning. "Of course they will! You're a great girl." She doesn't look very convinced, so he lets out a sigh, getting down to her level. "You'll always have at least one friend. Remember?" "You'll talk to me if nobody else does?" "I'll be right across, okay? Anytime you need me." "You promise?" " I promise ." oOo He doesn't know how time flies by so fast, but he's found a home. Annabeth is a little older, and there are kids closer to her age, even if they're a little older, that she's always talking to him about- Clarisse la Rue, Silena Beauregard, Charles Beckendorf, Will Solace. He's a little uncomfortable about how easily she gets along with his youngest brothers, the Stolls, who are both her age and the biggest troublemakers he's seen in his three years at camp, but he knows that he has to let her live her own life, and steps away gracefully. He thinks Thalia would love to see this- Annabeth, happy and safe. She'd have loved camp, and they'd probably share the same friends circle- Fred, Ally, Regina, Alex. They're all going off on quests, and he doesn't pretend not to resent the fact that he still hasn't received one. He wonders if maybe Halcyon was right- that they are just pawns to the gods. He sees Annabeth running over to him, wide smile on her face, and opens out his arms to have the ten-year-old leap into her. He thinks that of all the things wrong in the world, if there's one thing any god has ever done right, it's making this little angel. She's only just old enough to start blade training, but he's been teaching her after dinner for the last three years, so he isn't surprised that she's the best in her class. She plops down on the grass and tells him about her archery class, and how Will Solace is just so good, and he tries not to hate that he's not her only friend anymore. Even the older kids seem to have taken a liking to her, and somehow, she'd managed to become the apple of everyone's eyes. He thinks it's ridiculous, and tries not to let the jealousy get to him when Annabeth looks up o someone else for help, but he can't help but wish it was him. He knows she still loves him- He can tell by the way she looks at him with large eyes and is always trying to show him how good she is. He likes that she still thinks of him as someone special, because he can't put into words how much she means to him. He flashes her a smile. "Hey, Luke?" She looks over at him, a gap in her teeth where she'd lost her milk tooth a day ago. He brushes her bangs out of her eyes and raises his brows. "Are you feeling okay?" "What do you mean?" He frowns, and she looks away. "You look sad a lot. And angry. Did I make you angry?" It wonders how someone so young can be so perceptive. He's been mulling over Halcyon's words for a while, and it's most definitely set him off, but he figured that if his friends hadn't called him out, he was doing a good job hiding it. He shakes his head. "Not at all. I'm just thinking about something." Annabeth seems to consider this. "You'll tell me if something's wrong?" Luke nods, unable to stop himself from smiling in amusement at this ten-year-old girl who thinks she can help him out. "Of course. You're my number one girl, remember?" She smiles contentedly. "What about if you have a girlfriend?" "You'll always be my first favorite." He tells her, poking her in the side so she bursts into a fit of laughter. " I promise ." oOo Apart from the fact that he needs to kill the kid, Luke finds that he just doesn't like Percy Jackson. He seems lost, and sure, he's had a rough time since he got to camp, but there's something about the way he sees him bicker with Annabeth that he decides doesn't settle well with him. He's not an idiot- he's nineteen, and they're twelve. He knows what that kind of a relationship would lead to, especially if they were off on a quest together. Annabeth Chase is a queen , and Percy Jackson was a lost boy who didn't know how to pull himself together. Eons could pass before he could prove himself worthy of his little girl. He can't believe she's going with him. It shakes him so much, he almost doesn't want to give Percy the shoes, so she'd stay safe. Then again, the shoes are for him , not her, so he grudgingly hands them over. For the first time in years, he forgets what he'd thought of the gods, and prays . To Athena, to Hermes, to Poseidon, to keep Annabeth safe and out of harm's way. He wonders if maybe Thalia was here, she'd tell him what to do. She'd have the answer, she always did. She'd have agreed with him, with Kronos, for sure. She'd have wanted to see half bloods be treated well, be respected. He misses her so much more than he'd care to admit- He thinks that maybe, if things had worked out differently, he could have learned to love her differently. He dreams that he's in combat with Percy, who, although young, is a great swordsman. Behind him, Kronos' voice is calling out instructions, while there's a girl's voice cheering for Percy. He peeks over the younger boy's shoulder to see Annabeth, and he feels his heart shatter slightly. What was he doing ? The scene changes, and it's so much more terrifying. Annabeth is hanging off the edge