Percy doesn't fully understand what's going on until it's already happened. First, they were splayed across his couch, her legs draped on his lap and watching a documentary on tiger behavior. It's a blur of insults thrown and words spat at each other after that, because the world only starts making sense again when she's telling him, "You know, maybe we should just start seeing other people, if we really don't have anything in common." And he's agreeing, ignoring his heart that's screaming for him to stop , to make things right , because there's no way he's backing down now, and she's sniffing angrily at him before turning on her heel and slamming the door behind her, leaving Percy a complete mess of raging emotions. He's at the window of the apartment he shares with Jason in a flash, and catches a glimpse of her blonde hair stomping out of the building, down the street and round the corner. He doesn't know what he's feeling, really, but he's sure it's mostly negative emotions. He rolls his eyes, because clearly, Annabeth isn't The One. It hurts him a little, because of all the girls he's dated, he thought his roommate's best friend and he actually did share a connection. They'd also dated for nearly three years , which is a hell lot of time to invest in someone who isn't The One, he thinks, but can't fully bring him to regret dating her. The idea of them being over, surprisingly, settles in a lot faster than it did with the other girls- He thinks it's because he'd always known she was too good for him, that in a way, he knew it had to end, but it doesn't make it any less painful. He resorts to lying on the couch and looking up at the ceiling for the next few seconds, minutes, hours- who knows? Time hardly means anything without Annabeth. He hears Jason's key in the door and doesn't look up when he hears footsteps approaching the living room. "You're doing your I Just Got Dumped routine." Jason laughs, but Percy thinks the off white ceiling is a better subject to study than the blonde. He doesn't as much as move, and he hears Jason's laughter die down. "Oh, no." He says softly, and appears in Percy's vision, lips pulled down and brows furrowed. "I'm not feeling like talking to human beings." Percy tells him glumly, and he sees Jason curse soundlessly. "Not Annabeth ?" He asks, and Percy has to resist the urge to flinch at the sound of her name. He's an empty abyss; he has nothing left to live for. He tells Jason so, only to have his friend roll his eyes at him. "It isn't over, man. It's probably just a fight. Now move over, there's a Bond marathon on TV." Percy sighs, not believing a word, but giving his friend some space on the couch anyway. "It's over. I was so sure it was her." He watches Jason flip through the channels absently. "Percy, it's been three years. What could have possibly gone that wrong?" "Annabeth's self centered and proud and a total jerk." He states, and Jason frowns at him. "Whoa, buddy. Let's ease up there. She is my best friend." Percy doesn't want to apologize, so he shrugs, earning a half-hearted glare from Jason. He watches screen pointedly, hoping to avoid any kind of conversation, and to his credit, Jason is too absorbed in Die Another Day to watch Percy's entire existence crumble to nothing. Percy doesn't understand, though. With Annabeth, everything was perfect . They'd met back in their freshman year in college, when she was visiting Jason for the weekend, and they'd clicked so easily- She was smart, and funny, and she was just a genuine person, and they'd grown to be good friends until he'd plucked up the courage to ask her out on a date in their senior year, three years ago. Things hadn't been smooth sailing, that's for sure, but he was happy with Annabeth. She didn't hide things from him or lie or pretend to be someone she wasn't. He doesn't know what they even fought about, but he knows for a fact that he's absolutely done with her. No more Annabeth Chase, he tells himself, ignoring the way his heart feels like it's being poked with a needle. He's pulled out of his thoughts by Jason's voice. He looks over to see him on the phone, already in conversation. His brows are furrowed like they do when he's worried or thinking. "-Are you sure? Why don't I pick you up tonight, and we can go to a movie? Oh. All right, fine. How about tomorrow?" He's saying between pauses. Percy has known Jason for years now, ever since he had to room with him in college seven years ago, and he knows that tone- it's the special one he saves for Annabeth (who, for the record, isn't a part of his life. He doesn't care ). "Alright. Take care. I know, I do too. Have fun tonight." He hangs up with a sigh, rubbing his face with his palms and looks up at Percy through his fingers. "Why won't she go to the movie with you?" He asks bluntly, and can hear Jason's muffled groan. "She's doing something else." He says vaguely, and Percy doesn't hear the rest of what he has to say. There's blood rushing in his ear, and quite frankly, he's offended that she's going out on a date hours after they broke up. Honestly, did the last three years mean nothing to her? He gave her everything he had- He's sorry for the guy she's going out with, really, because she's so greedy , nothing seems to satisfy her. "Your best friend is an asshole." He flashes Jason the most sarcastic smile he can manage, somehow finding the energy to get to his feet. "I'm done moping, too. I'm calling that barista from Starbucks." He announces, marching off to hunt through his receipts for the number. It takes him half an hour, but he finally finds the bill with a number scrawled in black sharpie with a heart. He'd only kept it so he can do his accounts (He doesn't trust his bank), but he doesn't see why he can't take her up on the offer. It would definitely make Annabeth mad; she'd glared so hard at the barista when he'd got it. He doesn't know her name, so he doesn't exactly know what to say when a voice says, "Hello?" So he clears his throat awkwardly. "Hi." He takes a breath, wondering how to continue. "Is this the girl from Starbucks?" He asks tentatively, just as Jason enters his room. His friend shakes his head sadly at him. "Perce, you don't have to-" But Percy cuts him off with a hand, clinging to the phone as he gets a response. "Oh, yeah! Flat white! Percy, am I right?" Percy feels a smile growing on his face. "Flat white. Just like my ex girlfriend." He confirms, unable to keep some of the bitterness out of his voice. The voice on the other end laughs softly, overlapped by Jason's loud sigh. "So, I was wondering if you'd want to grab some coffee with me?" "Coffee? Really?" She asks, and he wants to smack himself in the face. "My bad. Drinks." He amends. "Also, you didn't leave a name on this bill." "I think drinks sound great. It's Madison." Percy smiles before saying his goodbyes and hanging up. He turns to Jason. "You know, maybe this was fate. Maybe Madison's the one." He says dreamily. "We'll go out today, and then again next week, and before you know it, she'll be popping out my little babies. I've always wanted mixed race kid-" "Percy. I don't want to hear about it." Jason cuts him off shortly. "Annabeth is like my sister, and honestly, I think you're being a total dick." Percy narrows his eyes at him. "We've been best friends for nearly a decade, Jason! I can't believe you're picking her side over mine!" "I've known her since I was four ! It's not about sides ." Jason glares at him, but his features soften. "I think you're acting like a total shithead. But then again, I've never been able to convince you to take my advice, so go on. It's your life." He sighs, gesturing for Percy to carry on before padding out, hands stuffed in his pockets. Percy watches after him with a scowl. What's his problem, anyway? Shouldn't he be by his side, telling him Annabeth was no good for him? That's his job. He decides he needs better friends before pulling his t-shirt over his head. He's got a long night ahead. oOo "No way! I love the Mets!" Madison says, and Percy can't help the manic laughter bubbling in his stomach. "Get out!" He laughs, sipping his beer. "Annabeth's a Yankees fan. Those people are the worst ." Something flashes for a brief second in Madison's eyes, but it's gone before Percy can decipher it. "Yeah. The Yankees are a joke." She agrees, a little less enthusiastic. She looks away, taking a large chug of her own beer. Percy leans back in his seat, looking at her in wonder. "I can't believe you drink beer." He says. "Do you get any better?" She raises her brows, and he realizes she doesn't know what he's comparing her to. "Annabeth only likes whiskey and rum. She thought beer was like, the Yankees of drinks. Of course, she called it the Mets, but she's just a-" "That's interesting." Madison flashes him a bright smile, and Percy feels himself swoon slightly. She's so beautiful , he thinks. She has a set of perfect teeth, unlike Annabeth, who had the last of her four front teeth slightly crooked. He used to think it looked pretty, but that was before he'd met Madison , with her aligned teeth. Unlike Annabeth, she also happened to have curves. Annabeth was all angles and flat surfaces, but Madison had the greatest curves he's ever seen. She doesn't seem as athletic as Annabeth, which is great , because Percy doesn't get distracted by how toned her arms are when he's talking to her. "So what do you do?" She asks, drawing him out of his thoughts. "Oh. Um, right now?" He asks, feeling a slight blush rise in his cheeks. "I'm a bartender at Tiger Lounge." Madison raises her brows, looking amused, but doesn't comment, so he feels the need to continue talking. "I actually spend most of my day trying to find shelters for the homeless." He admits with a shrug. "But how many bills is that going to pay, right?" She looks even less amused by this. "I guess that's cool. But, is there nothing you want to achieve?" She asks quietly, and Percy frowns. "Yeah. I want to help people. The ones who live on the streets." "Percy, I mean," She sighs. "Is this what you want to do all your life? Serve drinks and move bums? What about your own life? Where are you going to make money?" Percy isn't entirely sure how to take this. He's not exactly comfortable with talking about money matters, especially not on the first date. If he's being honest, he's happy helping the homeless- He doesn't like that she doesn't respect that. This is what he wanted to do, all his life, and here he is, living that dream. He takes a moment to pull his thoughts together and form a coherent sentence. "I'm probably not?" It comes out as a question. "I don't know, this is just where I am at my life. I'm twenty-three. I've got a long time before I have to start worrying about money, right?" Madison rolls her eyes, resting her hands on her knees. "Really? Did Annabeth tell you that, too?" He notices