DISCLAIMER: I do not own the PJO/HoO series or anything else you may recognize. A/N: Also, I don't know how to respond to comments reviews on (excuse me, I'll get used to it soon enough), so I'd just like to give ThisIsAwesomeness (who, I'm not sure will ever read this) a huge thank you for commenting reviewing my stories, it means a lot to me! Also a big shout out to anyone else who reads more than one of my stories, you guys are the best. ALSOOOOOOO to anyone who reads Where I'll Wake Tomorrow, update's coming soon! Some time this week for sure, unless Uni knocks me out again. Hope you all have a great week xo She can name a million reasons as to why she hates Percy Jackson. For starters, he wears leather jackets. Leather . As president (and one of the four members) of the Animal Rights Club at Ferguson High, Annabeth thinks it's her job to despise him for it. The jacket's only the beginning, though. There's the fact that he's nearly always late to class, and gets into fist fights with people (Some of her friends , she'll have you know), and she hates how he's always got girls tripping over themselves to speak with him, but he always brushes them off. Percy Jackson is definitely something, and Annabeth doesn't mean that as a compliment in any stretch of imagination. He's good looking, she'll give him that, and there's times that she thinks he's actually attractive (She'll deny ever thinking it), with the metal through his brow and pink lips pulled into a smirk. He's got everything going for him, too- He's got a load of friends, he's captain of the basketball team, he's got a great family, which is why he never really pushes himself. If there's one thing Annabeth positively hates, it's people who aren't motivated (And also people who kill elephants for their ivory), and Percy Jackson slots perfectly into that category. The worst part about Percy Jackson, however, isn't even any of those. It's the fact that, as head cheerleader of Ferguson High, she has to cheer for him every time they've got a match. It's not really that bad because she's also cheering for a bunch of other boys, Jason, her best friend, included, but what really annoys her is how after every win, Percy Jackson somehow always manages to find her moments before pressing a long kiss to her lips. He'll send her a sweaty smirk with a wink before running off to celebrate, leaving Annabeth fuming because, yeah, she gets the whole adrenaline rush and all, but he really couldn't find someone else? Like, ever? (She'll never admit that sometimes it makes her giggle because Percy Jackson kissed her , and not someone from his four thousand member fan club.) Annabeth loathes Percy Jackson, and when she's being really honest to herself, she thinks it's because she might like him, just a little. (If you tell, she'll have your head.) oOo Annabeth's sitting in her AP English class, doodling on the margin of her notebook as Mr. Blofis ( Percy Jackson's stepdad, who's probably one of the coolest teachers she has) hands out their test results from the previous week, spending some time with everyone to individually discuss their performance. He spent all of a minute with her, though, giving her a thumbs up, saying, "Keep up the good work, Annabeth. You're a great kid." Just like he almost always does. "And drop in some time, Sally's always asking Percy and me about you." He smiles, and Annabeth nods politely because that's all she can do. She misses Sally too, because the woman is as close to a mother figure as she's ever had. She used to be best friends with Percy Jackson all those years ago when they lived across the road to each other, but they'd grown apart by the sixth grade, when Annabeth had grown into a young girl and Percy, a boy . Her father had decided to move to a larger house for the two of them (Why they needed more space, Annabeth will never know), where she'd met Jason, who'd filled in as her best friend. By the time they got to high school, Annabeth had made a lot more girl friends, and she'd worked hard on her grades and slowly started to learn how to juggle being on the cheer squad, soccer team and Animal Rights and Debate clubs and her job at the diner every evening on her own, because her dad was too busy being busy to help her out, and most of her social life had taken a backseat. It was well into ninth grade that she realized she was obsessive- She loved the feeling of being a straight A student, and she'd fallen in love with her full, tight packed day. Jason would come over to study with her, she'd gossip and talk fashion with Piper (who was also on her soccer team and had grown to be like her sister) as they ran laps around the soccer field, and she'd spend time with Grover on their walks back home after Animal Rights Club meetings. She'd given herself no space to breathe, but she was happy that way. It kept her mind off the emptiness in her life from the pain of having to raise yourself with no help from either of your equally unconcerned parents. The bell rings loudly, cutting off her flow of thought, and she slams her book shut before hurrying out of the room, calling a quick thanks to Mr. Blofis as she passes him. It's the first basketball (completely off- season , though) match of the year tomorrow, and the cheer squad's got a whole load of practice to be on their A-game, so she can finally convince their coach to let them try out for the Regionals later in the year. She's a senior, meaning she's dedicated four years of her life to the squad, and she knows how capable her girls are, and she's confident that this could be their year, all they need is Coach Sterling's nod of approval. She's just hastily shoves her books into her locker (in order, color co-ordinated) and grabs her gym locker keys, turning around to head out when she bumps into the last person she wants to see. She glares up at Percy Jackson, who's smirking down at her, standing confidently in her way, like he knows for a fact that she won't hit him where it hurts. He's got that godawful jacket on, and Annabeth scowls at him. "Move aside, I'm in a hurry." "Are you late?" Percy pouts, eyes wide, and Annabeth makes a face at him, trying to step aside just to have him move with her. She lets out a resigned sigh. "What do you want, Jackson ?" She stuffs her hands into the pockets of her shorts. "Ooh. No need to be so rude. Are you going to be cheering for me tomorrow?" She rolls her eyes. She thinks he doesn't understand what the whole point of a cheerleader is, especially in a school as devoted to basketball as Ferguson High is. He's been asking her the same question before every game since he got onto the team in sophomore year, and she's been giving him the same response- "I'm a cheerleader, and you're on the team." She grits, pushing him lightly aside and walking away. "I meant are you, in particular, cheering for me, in particular?" He calls, and she can hear the laughter in his voice, so she doesn't respond. oOo "-Cause we're the Ferguson Tigers!" Annabeth's throat is sore from screaming, and blood is rushing in her ears. She can't stop smiling, because she's especially proud of their performance today. That, and because their team's practically won the match. She throws her arms in the air, waving her pompoms without thought as the game approaches the last two minutes, and risks a glance at Coach Sterling, who somehow looks up to catch her eye. The Coach gives them a small smile and a nod, and Annabeth can't breathe for a moment. She freezes, and it's like time slows down. She feels her jaw drop and her eyes widen as the news sinks in, and she reaches out blindly to grab the closest girl to her, who just happens to be Drew Tanaka, one of the meaner cheerleaders who hates Annabeth for being captain. She wraps her fingers around Drew's slim arm, turns her a little too forcefully to face her. "What?" Drew snaps, eyes narrowing, and Annabeth can't speak for a moment. When she does, she screams loud enough for some of the players to look at her from the middle of the game. "REGIONALS THIS WINTER!" The rest of her team isn't as slow as her to catch on, because they're all screaming and cheering for the basketball team with new found energy and zeal, and Annabeth's biting her lip as hard as she can because it would be so embarrassing to break down in tears right now. She waves her pompoms in a wide arc over her head, and is squealing as Jason shoots one last two pointer forty seconds to the end. The timer goes off, signaling their victory, but she throws her arms around Drew Tanaka, who, surprisingly, hugs her right back, and they're jumping and squealing because they're going to the regionals for the first time in Ferguson history. "I can't believe it!" Drew's screaming, as the basketball team's celebrating their own win, and when she feels someone's arm around her waist, she turns around to see Percy Jackson grinning at her, and all thought leaves her mind when she closes the gap between their lips. It's different this time, simply because they're kissing- Usually, Percy would just press his lips against hers, but now they're moving together, him dripping in sweat and her forehead glistening in the stadium lights. She can feel him laugh into her, the vibrations warming her entire being, and she wraps her arms around his neck, pulling him impossibly close to her. His arms tighten around her waist, like he doesn't plan to let go anytime soon, and Annabeth finds herself somehow absolutely alright with that. When she finally breaks the kiss, the her actions bears down on her like the weight of the sky, and she doesn't look up at him. She covers her mouth, and she heard him take a breath to start speaking, and she panics, stepping out of his embrace and racing out of the gm doors. She can hear him calling her name, but Annabeth runs out, gets right to her car and drives back home, her brain still unable to digest the events of the evening. oOo For someone still basking in the glory of being allowed to participate in a real cheer competition, Annabeth is really upset. Friday's events play over and over in her mind, and she doesn't know what to do, who to talk to, what to think. It's Saturday evening, and she's lying on her bed, staring up her white ceiling and contemplating her entire life. She'd finished her homework in less than twenty minutes, decided to skip soccer practice and the debate club meeting today, meaning her entire day had cleared up. She doesn't know what to do, and, oh God, how is she going to look at Percy again? She's not stupid, she knows what she's done: She's gone and kissed Percy Jackson, and the worst part is that she doesn't want to take it back. She's had a crush on him for like, three years, ever since he walked into school with a guitar slung over his back and a tattoo of a trident on his forearm. She'd worked hard to swallow back the butterflies in her stomach when he'd corner her in the corridors, or ignore the dance her heart