"Uh, Annabeth?" Piper calls. She looks up to see her whole squad watching her worriedly. "Yeah?" "Are you sure you can handle this?" Annoyance surges through Annabeth but Piper must have realised immediately because she backtracks. "I mean, you've been really-" she gestures vaguely in her direction. "Distracted. We can't afford to have you hurt." Before the championships . The words aren't said, but Annabeth can tell everyone's thinking it. She sighs, rolling her shoulders back and hearing the awful sound of the muscles in her back crack. As one of the smallest built girls on the team, she's usually the one being tossed into the air and doing the stupidly dangerous stunts. She loves it, though. She loves the sound of blood in her ears, the sensation of flying, everyone's eyes on her, breaths held as she somersaults high in the air. She's a gymnast; surely, after all these years, they can't expect anything less than spectacular from her. She takes a deep breath. "I'm fine." She nods. The girls all look like they want to argue, but she looks up a the Lily, the captain, arms crossed over her chest, daring her to tell her to take a break. Lily sighs, holding her hands up in an I surrender gesture and stepping away. "Alright, girls. If Annabeth says she's good, she's good. Positions!" She calls and Annabeth falls to the back of the crowd. The rehearsal is smooth all the way up to the point where she's climbed up on Bella and Ashley's shoulders. They hold her ankles and hoist her higher into the air, and she braces herself for the big jump. With a deep breath, she pushes the balls of her feet against their palms, catapulting herself into the air. She does a perfect somersault, but she's so high up- she has plenty of time before she lands. She decides to flip last minute, pulling it off beautifully. Lily calls out encouragements, and she's set to land on her toes, until she sees a flash of black hair at the entrance to the gym. Her breath catches and she forgets what she's doing, landing hard on her ankle, losing balance and landing on the floor. She thinks she cries out of pain, but she's lost her other senses- All she feels is the throbbing of her ankle and the tears threatening to fill her eyes. The girls are crowding around her in a flash, but her vision is starting to blur. "Oh. Ow. " She manages, and she thinks Percy's bending over her, eyes wide in panic, before she blacks out. When she wakes up, she's looking at the false ceiling of her school, except it's moving. She's moving. She tries to sit up, only to realise she isn't really resting on anything. She smells the familiar scent of mint and soap and looks up to see Percy. His arms are under her back and the back of her knees, and he's looking straight ahead. "Percy?" She finally asks, and he looks down. They're still moving. "We'll get you to the infirmary. You'll be fine." He tells her soothingly, and she thinks he would've brushed her bangs out of her eyes if he wasn't carrying her. She nods, trying to ignore her throbbing ankle, but it turns out to be easier said than done. She barely hears what happens after that, and the next thing she knows, she's in a hospital, waiting for the doctor to come back with the results of her X-Ray. She waits patiently for her dad to come pick her up, knowing fully well that he won't. Percy hardly leaves her side, and she's grateful to have him, and really doesn't want to sound whiny, but she wishes her father would show up, every once in a while. Doctor Griffith, who happens to live two houses away from her, finally comes back in, looking apologetic. "I'm sorry, Annabeth," he reaches out to comb her bangs out of her eyes with his fingers. She wonders why everyone keeps doing that to her. "Looks like you've broken your ankle. You'll need some time to recover. If give it three months." He sits down next to her, and she has to choke back a sob. "But the championships start in a month!" Next to her, Percy reaches out and takes her hand in his, and she almost instantly feels better. "Not happening, kiddo. There's always next year." Dr. Griffith pats her head and she scowls. He's a friend of her father's, but with the number of injuries she and Percy have betweent them, she thinks she sees more of him than she does her dad. "What do I do?" She asks nobody in particular, just to make conversation so she won't end up crying. "We go home." Percy says, like its the most obvious thing in the world. Even Dr. Griffith seems a little amused. "I texted my mom when you were getting the scans. We've got smoothies and cookies waiting for us." He beams at her, and she feels her mood lift slightly. "I have to get back to my other patients." Dr. Griffith says, patting her knee and getting to his feet. "I'll see you around, kids. And Annabeth-" he gives her a look. "I'll know if you've been exerting yourself." Sally takes one look at her cast and throws her arms around her. "You both are the worst!" She smacks Percy's arm. Paul, who picked the two of them up from the hospital laughs behind them as he pulls off his coat. "Me?" Percy asks incredulously. "It's your daughter who broke her leg." He says the word daughter sarcastically, sending a new kind of pain shooting through Annabeth. He probably thinks she's like his sister, then. She hates it, being so completely and hopelessly in love with Percy, but it's so easy - He's so nice, and he's been there for her through everything since she was five. He's like a part of her, now, and it's starting to get harder for her to stop herself from falling deeper in love with him. " My daughter ," Sally flashes her a knowing smile, like she knows exactly what Annabeth is thinking. "Happens to be a darling. It was an accident. You break your bones because you insist on using that ancient skateboard." "I love that skateboard! I'm not giving her up!" Percy protests, and Annabeth feels herself smiling. She'd bought it for him three Christmases ago, when his previous skateboard was getting too old and faulty for him to continue using. She didn't think it would have been that easy to get him to give up on that one. "You only like it because-" " Mom ." Percy gives her a pointed look, and Paul laughs lightly, leaving Annabeth to wonder what this Jackson-Blofis secret was. She knows all the family secrets- even the secret ingredient to Sally's brownies, not that she'd ever be able to bake them. She feels oddly left out, but Sally makes a show of zipping her lips shut. "Paul? I've got a little further on my book, and I wanted to discuss a bunch of ideas I've come up with. You think we could head to my study?" She gestures upstairs and doesn't wait for Paul before heading up. He follows behind her, but not before shooting Annabeyh and Percy a wink and a grin. "I don't even know what's going on with them." Percy shakes his head, plopping down on the couch with her, reaching over her to grab the remote. He surfs channels for a while before tossing it back to Annabeth. "I'll watch anything you want to." He says. "Only because of that cast on your ankle. Don't abuse the power." He mutters, and Annabeth beams at him. "You don't do this for all my injuries." She points out. "Yeah, well, this one's different." His tone is like a stubborn four year old, but she doesn't know what he's protesting. "Why?" She asks, frowning at him as she decides on watching Anna Karenina. Percy groans, sinking deeper into the couch, but doesn't protest. "It just is ." His voice sounds slightly troubled, so she looks over at him. "What are you hiding from me?" "How'd you know?" He sighs. "Perce," her voice breaks a little at the thought, but she goes on. "You're my best friend. I've knows you since we were five! Now tell me what's wrong." "I just," he runs his hand through his hair the way he does when he's upset. "I saw you fall, okay? And I couldn't get to you on time- I mean, I could've caught you, or slowed your fall- I just," "Are you blaming yourself for me breaking my ankle?" Annabeth has to stop herself from snorting. It's so typically Percy, she almost laughs. Of course, it was his fault, but not for the reason he thinks. He's just so- Percy . "I don't know. I just- I don't like it when you get hurt." He mumbles, and she reaches over to take his hand. He smiles at her gratefully, like she's just accepted his apology, which is ridiculous because he shouldn't be sorry at all. "Thanks." She finally manages. He looks over at her curiously. "For what?" For helping me. For being there for me. For being my best friend. For existing . "For taking me to the hospital." "Don't mention it." oOo School is awful. Everyone stares at her, and at Percy, who's carrying her books and insists on dropping her off to all her classes, most of which are AP classes that he isn't in. "Last class of the day!" She announces happily. Percy walks silently, sorting through the books in his arms. "I don't get why you made me take AP Chemistry." He says grumpily. "Because you're good at it." She shrugs. "I'm not going to college. Stop making me apply next year." Annabeth pauses to look at him with a frown. She can tell he doesn't mean it. "Why not?" "I don't want to go to college!" He cries, throwing his arms up and nearly dropping their books. She purses her lips, trying to read him. He's lying, she just knows . "Percy," she sighs, "Let's go." She finally says. He doesn't ask questions as she leads them back to their lockers and picks up the books she needs for the day. "What are you doing? The bell rings in like, two minutes! We have to be in class now!" Percy protests, but she rolls her eyes at him. "Stop worrying, Jackson. You know you're good enough to catch up tomorrow." She leads him out the back door and around the block, straight to the car park. She waits for him to help her in patiently. When they're both buckled in and her crutches are in the backseat, Percy turns to her, eyes wide. "We're going to get in so much trouble." "I'll text Jason and get him to cover for us." She waves off, pulling out her phone to do as promised. She looks back up at him. "Well, don't just sit there. Drive." "Where to?" He asks nervously. Annabeth considers it. "Laila's." She decides, and they're off. "Why are we ditching class, again?" He asks her once they're waiting for their falafels. "Because you need some time away from school so you can talk to me." He looks a little confused, so she goes on. "Percy, don't play dumb. What do you mean, you don't want to go to college?" He shrugs. "It's not something I see myself doing." "You're being defensive." "What's it to you?" He snaps, and she would have recoiled if she didn't get so excited, because she made a breakthrough. He seems to realise, too, so he sighs. "Alright, fine. I don't want to because- I'm too stupid." All her thoughts leave her head. What? She can barely comprehend his words. Percy, who's always coming