Strange Ingénue A Twilight Fan Fiction By PuppetStrings19 Synopsis (Brief): Opposites attract, even in college. To say their story is easy to tell would be a lie, cause where's the fun in that? Their story is somewhat of a slow burn, but there will definitely be some fun along the way. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This story contains underage drug and alcohol use, profanity, discussion of sex and sexually explicit acts. Mature readers only please. This story is Unbeta'ed! Please forgive the occasional grammatical errors. Prologue Isabella Swan I love the way he looks at me. Peering into my eyes, into my soul. His gaze speaks volumes and I feel myself getting lost in the many shades of brilliant green. He studies me, his eyes roaming over the planes and curves of my face. This is wrong, we both know it, but we can't keep our distance any longer. I've always been reserved, keeping my thoughts a secret from others, drowning in my own regrets. I've been hurt before… and so has he. But I feel myself getting lost in his presence and the feel of his warmth beside me. I want to open up. I want to share the truth with him, like he has already done with me. It was all so easy at first. We could talk to each other, confide in each other… until our conversations grew serious and more intimate… more personal. And that's when I found myself pulling away. But I didn't want to be that girl anymore. I wanted him to know me… the real me. We were nothing but complete opposites attracting each other, completing each other. What was missing in my heart, he filled with his presence, his words, his touch. His words held a theme to a dream I didn't ever want to wake from. I thought I was dead inside… empty, un-healing, but somehow he found his way into my soul. He was strange, but beautiful and he captivated me. Chapter 1: Roommates Isabella Swan " Red-rover, red-rover, send Jacob Black right over!" With the Forks, Washington rain beating down hard and cold over my head and Rosalie's palm slipping against mine, I couldn't think of a happier moment in my life. We locked hands and braced our arms. " This is it," Rose said from beside me. "Let's do this, Bella!" I watched as Jacob darted out from the line of boys across from us, his long black hair flowing like a river of oil behind him. He was fast, but small and skinny and so unbelievably beautiful. He was running right at me, right where my hand was locked with Rosalie's. But even then, at the tender age of eleven I knew that it would take much more than Jake's scrawny body to break through my grasp. Jake picked up the pace before hurdling his body into our arms. But Rosalie's grasp on me was just as firm as mine on hers and together we forced Jake back away from our 'rope.' The force caused him to stumble and fall hard on his backside. Rosalie and I screamed out in triumph, for we had just gained one more person on our team. That was seven summer's ago. I awoke with a start, my mind still buzzing with thoughts of cold rain and a certain face I hadn't seen in person in years. The Smashing Pumpkins was playing softly in my ears as I glanced around at the many heads on the full plane. I had never been on a plane before, so I kept my eyes away from the small window to my left. I checked the watch on my wrist. Just two more hours to go. I leaned forward and pulled my sketchbook from my bag by my feet. Flipping into the center of the book, I found the last page I had been doodling on. I glanced around the black ink and recognized the few faces I had drawn from the terminal back in Port Angeles. I studied the face of a small girl sitting next to her mother. I had sketched quickly, but I was happy with the way I captured the curves of her face, the light that glowed through the window behind her head. I made a half smile and then glanced once more around full plane. I young man caught my eye. He looked to be in his mid twenties. He was handsome, in that clean, white-collar, professional kind of way. He was sitting a few rows in front of me, but his head was turned in my direction where he gazed at me over his shoulder. I took in his hazel eyes and golden hair, a beautiful contrast against his tan skin. And then my eyes drifted down to the snug grey suit he was wearing. I began to draw. I drew a few more people once I was done with white-collar guy, until I finally touched down in O'Hare. The Chicago Terminal was insanely busy with people. The rush of traffic, moving feet, loud yells, and the constant shoving was a bit overwhelming. I wasn't used to being around this many people all at once. I kept my headphones in as I moved towards the luggage drop off. I only had one bag to pick up, but as I scanned through the many various bags littered over the revolving table type thing, I realized I was in for a challenge. A sudden deep grumble from beside me caught my attention and I turned to find white-collar guy gazing down at me with cocky smirk on his lips. "Huh?" I asked, removing one of my ear buds. "Need help?" he repeated himself. I frowned confused. "I'm fine," I said. "Thanks." I turned back towards the line of luggage to wait. I caught sight of my burnt sienna Globe-Trotter coming my way and quickly adjusted my full backpack on my shoulders before I reached for it. I forgot how heavy it was. I heaved and groaned as I jerked it towards me. But before I got it close enough, strong hands pushed mine aside and pulled my luggage off of the revolving table and onto the ground beside me. I looked up at white-collar guy again. "Thanks," I said, with an air of annoyance. "How about some coffee?" he responded casually. I watched as he adjusted the cuff of his suit jacket as he stood up. I sighed. I didn't understand what this guy was getting at. Just by the look of him, I knew I wasn't his type. He was tall, clean, and expensive looking. He was the type who came from a well off family, who worked in a busy office and drank a glass of scotch with the guys after work on Friday nights. I was his opposite. I was short with, ripped jeans, band t-shirts and piercings. I wasn't his type in the least. "I'm gonna have to pass," I said. "I'm already late for a current engagement." I watched the man's smooth smile falter. "Thanks for the help though," I added before I bent to grab my luggage bag. "In case you change your mind," white-collar guy said. And then he handed me his business card and turned away. Royce King II. Administrative Project & Tax Processing Specialist - Chicago Firm Services. My gaze flickered down to the phone, fax and email and then the scrawl from a black ballpoint pen at the bottom. ' I hope to hear from you, ' stared back at me, accompanied by a cell number. Once outside, I caught sight of a shuttle that said it'll take me to Northwestern University, the Evanston Campus. The drive was slow with the afternoon traffic as I gazed out into the sunlight at the high buildings. Everything was so different from Forks. It was hot and a little humid for September weather, and I mentally scolded myself for wearing so many layers. I should have checked the weather back at home before I left. Thirty minutes later, the shuttle arrived to a loading zone on the South side just in front of the campus housing structures. The structures were tall and wide and made of brick. It looked very condensed, but who was I to complain? I'd be living here for free for a few months. I followed a small group of people out of the shuttle, pulling my Globe-Trotter with me, and then I made my way to the entrance hall. I walked into the building, which was surprising full of students and made my way to the elevator, taking it to the fifth floor. I found my room easily and pulled my key out of my jean pocket. The lock clicked and I pushed my new bedroom door open. "Bella!" Rosalie's voice was a high squeal through the music coming from my headphones. I jumped. I wasn't even able to register Rosalie before a river of blonde hair fell over my face while long arms engulfed me. "Rose," I said with a chuckle as I tried to hug her back with my free arm. "Holy shit!" Rosalie continued, holding me at arms length. "Look at you! You're a fucking adult now. You have boobs!" I laughed and pulled the ear buds from my ears. "Yeah, I guess so." I looked Rosalie over. "You're taller than me now." She laughed and reached for my Globe-Trotter. "Seven years, Bella," Rosalie said with a laugh. "Seven fucking years. Can you believe it?" "Not really. I still can't believe that I'm actually here." I collapsed onto my new bed and met Rosalie's gaze. Rosalie moved out of Forks seven years ago, only a few days after we played Red-Rover with the boys in town. We had been friends since we were in diapers, and continued to be friends ever since. We never lost touch, not even after her parents dragged her ass to Chicago. We talked on the phone constantly; all through middle school, and all through high school. We kept in touch through phone calls, text messages, Facebook, and Skype. It took very little effort for us to keep in touch, especially because we both actually wanted to, and I really think that being apart made us even closer. It wasn't until I was in my sophomore year at Forks High that Rosalie convinced me to move out to Chicago after I graduated. She knew how much I hated Forks and how badly I wanted to get out, get away from my family. She convinced me to enroll in Northwestern and even helped me fill out all of my paperwork. And then… two years later, I was sitting face to face with a girl I hadn't seen in person in so long. "I'm so happy you're here," Rosalie said in a soft voice. "After all this time. I can't believe I have my best friend back." I smiled at her. "Do you think things might change? You know, since its not all just virtual networking? I mean we're actually roommates now." "We'll be fine," she said. Rosalie helped me unpack some of my clothes and books and posters. We talked about my plane ride to Chicago, which was long, and then I told her about the guy I met at the airport. "His name is Royce King… the second," I said with an eye roll. "Is he cute?" "Yeah. Very. But he's not really my type." I glanced over at Rose and caught her checking me out. I knew she was eyeing my dark clothes and tattered converse. "Just because you guys are different, doesn't mean it wouldn't work out," Rosalie added. "And anyway, he's probably young and probably has money.