Author's Note: Greeting lovely readers! To put it short, this is not the first fan-fiction I've written. Crazy at Heart, is however, the only story that has kept my interest long enough to surpass 300,000 words and probably the only one that will be published and completed. Truth be told, I'm not even halfway done with writing, the story plot gets much more captivating and detailed later on, so that's probably why. Crazy at Heart starts in the Golden Trio's first year, when the twins are in their third. I thought of skipping to Prisoner of Azkaban, since the story "officially" begins there, which would've made many things easier for me, but I really wanted to expand the main characters personality and back story before the ball started rolling. So, if you believe the beginning to be slow, feel free to skip ahead; though be warned that some small key details will appear later on and the last thing I want is anyone to be confused. Side notes: I don't like bashing, if Rowling did not bash, nor will I. English is not my first language. I'm my own critic/editor, so any mistakes in the writing I take full responsibility over and apologize for in advance. Warning: Rated M for language, violence and scenes of a sexual nature in much later chapters. Disclaimer: Everything belongs to J.K. Rowling. All original characters belong to me. September 1st, 1991 Hogwarts Express Roxana Constantin once thought she was quite an ordinary girl, but that all changed two years ago when she found out she was a witch. Life before Hogwarts had been dim, now however, as she was entering her third year, things were looking a whole lot brighter. Her best friends were two redheaded brothers that seemed to always be seeking trouble, she was at the top of the class, and this year they were finally allowed into Hogsmeade for the first, well, for the first official time. That's why she wasn't all that upset when there seemed to be no more empty compartments or when she still hadn't found the twins. She was surprised, however, to hear crying when she opened the door. Must be a first year, Roxana thought, poor thing . She gently closed the door, not wanting to scare the little girl that still hadn't noticed her. The first year had light brown bushy hair and she was wearing muggle clothing. Roxana tried picking up her own luggage, but found it too heavy. She decided to wait for the boys to put it up and took a seat across from the girl instead. An awkward minute passed until she couldn't bear the sound of sniffs any longer; she cleared her throat. The little girl gasped looking up just as her shoulders tensed. Roxana noticed that she had brown eyes and her face was very red and blotchy. "Sorry. There weren't anymore compartments left." She motioned carelessly to the corridor outside. "I'm Roxana Constantin, I'm entering third year. You're going into first year aren't you?" She asked the girl, that had stopped crying and was now wiping her ears with her sleeve. "I'm Hermione Granger. I didn't know I was a witch until I got my letter. I… I don't know if I'll fit in here. I mean, my family isn't magic, so I don't know any spells. I've been reading all the course books, but I still feel unprepared." The young girl sighed and Roxana let out a chuckle, the girl sure could ramble. "Nice to meet you, Hermione. I think you'll be just fine. Even magical children aren't always prepared for Hogwarts and even if they are, school is for learning." Hermione smiled slightly in relief and ran her fingers through her hair. "Is that how you felt your first time going to Hogwarts?" She tilted her head in curiosity. Roxana's thoughts went back while she answered, "Of course, though I had other issues to deal with." Hermione gave her a look that meant to keep going. "Are you sure? It's quite a long story." The girl shrugged, "There's enough time." She did have a point, the train had just started moving. "Alright… where should I start? I was born in Romania," Hermione eyed her curiously, "...no, I'm not a vampire, even though they do exist. Well, my grandparents are all magic, but my parents and my uncle are squibs." Hermione frowned, "A squib is a person born to magical parents or a parent, that doesn't have any powers themselves. Sad really." Roxana continued seeing that Hermione understood the gist. "Anyways, when I was about three my parents decided to move to England. You see, Romania was under economic ruin and them being squibs and all… needed to find better jobs. So we came to here, and let me tell you it wasn't all tea and crumpets." She let out a shaky laugh, "My parents never told me I was a witch. When inexplicable things started happening, we packed up and moved. Since this happened basically every two years, it was impossible for me to make friends. I turned my attention to books and got bullied for being the "know it all foreign girl." She sighed along with Hermione, "Instead of telling me the truth, my parents lied to me repeatedly and told me that what was happening, was all inside my head. I honestly believed I was going crazy. Well one day, when I was ten, I made a shattered streetlight fix itself on my way to the bus stop. I was so happy I had proof that I ran home to tell my parents. That's when I guess they decided that they could no longer control my magic. We went back to Romania where my grandmother told me I was a witch. Biggest shock of my life, though I cried more over the fact that my parents lied to me. They even admitted they'd been planning to hid my letter from Hogwarts." Hermione gasped and Roxana wiped her eyes. "We got into a massive fight and in the end they left me with my grandparents. To this day, things still aren't how they used to be. I talk and write to them, but we're not very close. So, obviously I was a wreck when I got on the train my first year." "That's… that's wow. I'm sorry." Hermione offered a half smile. Roxana chuckled trying to get her act together and shook her head, "It's fine. So have you read, Hogwarts: A History?" "Yes, I'm almost finished." She took out a new looking book and handed it to Roxana. "Thank Merlin! Many people never read it and then they wonder why they can't apparate into the castle." She handed the book back to Hermione. "Apparate?" She frowned with embarrassment. "I must have not gotten to that part yet." " Apparition and disapparition is the action of disappearing from the place you are and arriving at your intended destination. There are of course anti-apparition charms that make it impossible to enter or leave a certain place. I believe that's what Hogwarts has established in the castle, most likely to keep the troublemakers from getting splinched." She probably doesn't know what that is either , Roxana continued to explain. "Splinching happens when an apparition goes wrong. For example body parts can be left in different places if the person doesn't focus enough." Seeing the girls frightened face she quickly added, "You don't learn to apparate until sixth year." Hermione's face relaxed and she flipped open her book to a random page. The two girls sat in comfortable silence, only interrupted when Hermione asked questions about Hogwarts and magic in general, which Roxana answered as best as she could. She was reading Anna Karenina , when the compartment door was opened with a bang, causing both girls to jump. "Fredy, Georgy! You almost gave me a heart attack!" Roxana shouted while she put her book to the side and went to hug the two rascals. "Roxy, don't you know that's what we live for." Fred Weasley smirked and hugged her, then turned to put her luggage in the space above the seats as he usually did. "Giving me heart attacks since 1989. And don't call me, Roxy." She said as an afterthought, smiling ever so slightly. "What will I ever do with you two?" She moved to hug George, who picked her up and spun her on his own accord instead. "Love us, feed us…" George's words were continued by his brother. "Never ever leave us." The twins high fived and both looked down at Roxana with mischievous grins. "What?" She asked combing her hair. "We get to go to Hogsmeade and even though we've gone…" George was interrupted by Roxana as she quickly tried to change the subject. The boys and her had found a map of Hogwarts and the surrounding area their first year, so they'd been to Hogsmeade before. "Fred, George this is Hermione Granger." Her smile was strained as she motioned towards her new first year friend. Fred and George looked at each other with widened eyes; they'd almost told a first year about the map, their map, as in… their most prized possession. Fred introduced himself first, followed by his twin that told Hermione the Weasley family consisted of five more children. At which Hermione turned towards Roxana, wondering if they were telling the truth. Hermione paled when Roxana nodded in amusement. "Ron's starting his first year as well." Fred told her. "He's annoying. Definitely not as pleasant as us." George continued as Hermione listened in shocked amusement, due to the way they were talking about their own brother. "No, definitely not. He's not even good looking. He won't last in Hogwarts. He'll probably make Hufflepuff." Fred sighed in feigned anguish. Roxana sent them death glares as she cracked her fingers and the twins burst out laughing, much to Hermione's misunderstanding. "They're only joking, don't mind them. Oh, and never take anything, and I do mean anything that they offer. It would probably have to do with some sort of prank. They're known as the "pranksters of the castle," after all." Roxana warned her and went on to explaining the time they'd once given her shampoo that had made the ends of her hair turn into rubber snakes. "Come on Roxy, you have taken part in some pranks too." Fred smirked, remembering a few very good ones. "Yeah, I have, but only towards people that have done terrible things." She cringed at the nickname. George coughed, "Slytherins." Roxana smirked, most of the pranks she'd helped out with were directed towards the snakes. "Do you remember the time we made it rain in their dorms." "I didn't help you with that." Roxana told Fred, absolutely certain. "Well, you were the one that told us the spell to make it rain so technically…" "You did help, Roxy." Fred finished for his brother. Hermione looked at the three friends in amusement and then suddenly the compartment door opened again. A chubby boy that looked to be her age, with dark brown hair and eyes was looking frantically around their compartment. "Have you seen a toad? I lost mine and if I don't find it grans is going to kill me." "I'm sorry, I haven't seen one." Hermione apologized, but once she saw the boy starting to tear up, she quickly offered to help him find his pet. "I'm Hermione Granger by the way. This is my first year." She held out her hand. "It's mine as well. Nice to meet you Hermione, I'm Neville Longbottom." He shook her hand and they rushed out of the compartment. "What just happened?" George asked in complete confusion. "She left us. The new bird left us. We're too old George." Fred sighed longingly and moved to take Hermione's empty seat. "You two… old. Don't make me laugh, last year you lit your potions homework on flammable substances… on fire and