This was my entry for The Blue Watch contest. A million thanks to GeekChic12 for her amazing beta work and putting up with comma and verb nonsense. Thanks to Lellabeth and Twilly for pre-reading. These ladies are amazing. "Cullen, my office! Now!" Well, shit. This is not going to end well. Apparently my new partner mentioned my epic fuck up to the Captain. Walking into his office, I nod and say, "Captain" in greeting. I remain standing, hopeful this will be quick, but I'm not optimistic. "Shut the door, and have a seat. You wanna tell me what happened this morning?" "What did Yorkie say?" "He said you pulled your gun on an elderly couple." "That's not exactly—" "Cullen, did you or did you not pull your service weapon on an elderly couple this morning?" "Well, yes, but—" "No buts, kid. This is the second time this month you've freaked out on the job. Christ, Edward. You could have killed somebody." "I know, sir. I'm working on it. It won't happen again." "That's what you said the last time, Cullen. I gave you a second chance. I know you're seeing the grief counselor, and that's a good start. Losing a partner is terrible, Edward. You and Emmett grew up together. You lost your best friend and partner in one day, son. You need to take some time to heal. To grieve for your loss. I hate to do this, Edward, but I don't have a choice. I need you to turn in your badge and weapon." ~PS~ The next morning, I'm in bed, trying to sleep off the worst bender in the history of ever, when somebody starts banging on my door. I have no doubt it's Alice, my meddlesome sister. I pray if I ignore her long enough, she'll give up. A few minutes later, the loud pounding on my door has stopped. The pounding in my head is another story. I pull on some boxers and head to the kitchen. I need coffee and aspirin immediately. As I walk down the hall, I hear the knob on the back door jiggle, like somebody's trying to break in. I dart back to my room for my gun, then remember I don't have one anymore. I grab my baseball bat instead. It'll have to do. I'm rearing the bat back to swing as I creep into the kitchen, and there stands Alice, looking proud as a peacock. "What the fuck, Alice? I could have killed you!" "Well, your phone was off, and you wouldn't answer the door. Desperate times and all. Get dressed. We're meeting Mom for lunch." "That's it? You break into my house and scare the shit out of me because we have lunch plans? Unbelievable." "Edward, I love you. You are my baby brother, and you are obviously hurting. Mom and I just want to help you. Please? Please let us help." "I know. I'm sorry, I just- I can't get away from it, you know? He's everywhere I look. And some days I wake I up, and it's not the first thing I think about. But, then when I do, it's worse. If I had been more careful, if I—" "Stop it! Right now! It is not your fault, Edward." And just like that, the dam opens, and there's nothing I can do to stop it. I hadn't allowed myself to break down, but hearing Alice tell me it wasn't my fault breaks me. My tiny sister cradles my head in her lap, and I sob for what feels like days. At some point during the afternoon, my mom arrives with food. I don't have an appetite, but they force me to eat. I take a long shower and feel better than I have in weeks. For the first time since Emmett died, I feel like maybe I'lll be okay. "Son, I think a change of scenery would be beneficial. I'm not saying you should move away and try to forget, but maybe it would be easier to heal. We certainly don't want you to move away, and I hope it wouldn't be permanent, but what do you think of spending a month or two in Forks? Your grandmother's house would be a perfect place to regroup. Please consider it. We just want you to get better, Edward." "Well, it's not like I have a job keeping me here," I mumble wryly. Two days later, all my loose ends in Chicago are tied up, essentials are packed, and I'm headed west. I take my time driving, never going more than eight hours a day. Six days after leaving Chicago, I pull into Forks, Washington, my new home for the foreseeable future. I haven't been to my grandparents' house in over fifteen years, but Forks is easy to navigate, and I find the house with no problems. It's much smaller than I remember but in excellent condition considering it was empty most of the time. She tried renting it out for a while, but it was too much trouble from so far away. She and dad discussed selling it a few times, but in the end she couldn't let it go. It only takes two trips to get my stuff inside, and in no time, I'm unpacked. My first order of business is grocery shopping. After a week on the road, I'm more than ready to eat a few home cooked meals. I'm not great in the kitchen, but I love to grill and can microwave a mean baked potato. Luckily, the grocery store actually sells a decent grill. Once I have my supplies for the week, there really isn't much else to do. My dad was able to make some calls, and an old buddy from med school recommended a therapist in Port Angeles. I googled Aro Volturi out of curiosity. The guy is creepy-looking as fuck, but he's supposedly the best in the area. My first appointment isn't for two more days, so I have a whole lot of nothing to do until then. I decide to take my favorite book out onto the porch and read for a while. The summers here are mild compared to Chicago, so it's actually pleasant. Thankfully I'm able to lose myself in Alexandre Dumas, and the rest of the evening passes quickly. My first appointment with Dr. Volturi goes much as I expect. I'm settling into life in this tiny town. My mom was right. I do feel better here. There aren't constant reminders of Emmett at every turn. I'm sleeping better and eating better. I've even started jogging. A month after moving to Forks, I'm starting to get restless. I need something to do with my days beyond therapy and reading. The house is rent free, but I still have utilities and living expenses. My savings aren't going to last forever. I decide to walk down to the Thrift Way and pick up a penny saver, see if anybody in the area is hiring. On my way, I duck into the diner for a slice of pie. The only available seat is at the end of the bar. I make my way over and sit down next to a burly man wearing flannel. "You Esme Platt's son?" "Yes, sir. Edward Cullen." I should have known word would make it's way around town that Esme Platt's son would be living in her home. I briefly wonder what the rumor mill is saying. "Welcome to town. Charlie Swan." "Nice to meet you. You're the police chief, right?" "That's right. I heard about what happened in Chicago. That's a hell of thing to get over. I'm sorry for your loss, son." "Thank you, sir. I appreciate it." "You planning on staying a while? We don't have a lot of turnover on the force here, but I actually had an officer turn in transfer papers today. His wife wants to move somewhere sunny. He's taking a job in Jacksonville." A part of me thinks this will be a perfect opportunity. Starting over on a small force in a town with a low crime rate without all the pressure of the big city. I can ease back into it. Another part of me thinks it's too soon. I don't know if I'm ready. "No pressure. Think about it. Call me at the station if you decide." Before I can thank him for the offer, Chief Swan is walking out the door. I bring it up with Dr. Volturi at my appointment the next day. He thinks I'm ready. I have made great strides since moving to Forks. The nightmares have stopped, and I'm sleeping through the night. I feel good, like my old self again. On my way home from therapy, I decide to stop by the police station. Chief Swan said to call, but I'm not much for the phone, and something tells me he isn't either. I make my way inside and ask the officer at the front desk if he's available. Before the officer has time to let him know I'm here, the chief comes out of his office and motions for me to come back. Once inside his office, I realize he has a view of the parking lot, so he knew I was there. "Edward, have a seat. I'm guessing since you're here that you've decided to take me up on my offer?" "Yes, sir. I want to be upfront with you. You said you heard what happened in Chicago, but there's more to it than just losing my partner." "You think I can't make calls and find out what I need to know? Listen kid. You went through something horrible, and it messed with your head. But, Edward, you're still a good cop. I wouldn't have made the offer if I thought you were a danger to the public or yourself." "Thank you, sir. I appreciate that." "Alright, be here Monday afternoon at two. I need somebody on second shift. Write down your uniform size, and we'll get it taken care of." "Thanks again, Chief. I'll see you Monday." Walking out of the tiny police department, I really feel like things are turning around. Forks is turning out to be a better fit than I had imagined. ~PS~ The weekend seems to crawl by. Saturday night, I consider going out to the one bar in town, but that was never really my scene. I'm going stir crazy, though, so I decide to walk down to the diner. The diner is pretty quiet for a Saturday night, most couples opting to drive into Port Angeles for nicer dining choices. I'm seated at a booth near the front door when a brunette at the counter catches my eye. I can only see her profile, but something about just that small glimpse draws me in. I feel this connection, this magnetic pull to her. She never turns so I can see her face or make eye contact, but I turn in my booth, silently willing her to look in my direction. Of course if she did look in my direction, I have no idea what I would say. I can just imagine it now. "Hi, miss. You have a lovely profile, and I feel a strong connection to you." And then she runs screaming for help. Well, I never said I was suave, but apparently I'm creepy because I'm still staring at the poor girl. I manage to shake myself out of my trance and focus on eating the burger the waitress just delivered. The overly made up and obviously flirting waitress. Jessica was written on her nametag. Jessica looked to be jailbait in disguise . I'm almost finished with my meal when my girl starts packing up to leave. I want to go after her or try to get her attention, but what the hell am I going to say? Before I can decide what to do, she's out the door. The way the diner is positioned means