REYNA The day of the incident... She didn't want to go out like this. Reyna always pictured herself going out in a blaze of glory, leading an army of demigods against the endless forces of Tartarus. You know...a meaningful death. Not being torned to bits, alone in a forest by a pack of foot long vicious baby dragons that smelled like they had been living in a cave full of dead fish (which they had been). Reyna barricaded herself in a small wooden cabin away from the wave of monsters clawing away at the doors. Things could be worst though. She looked out the window across the room and saw Percy in the jaw of a thirty foot long gold dragon. The creature looked absolutely terrifying to fight alone and would've taken at least ten well trained Romans to slay but Percy decided to take it on without help. It was without a doubt the stupidest thing he could possibly do. But who was she to say, not like he would listen to Reyna anyways. He was struggling to hold open the monsters mouth by it's huge stonelike teeth, but he still took the time to smile impishly at Reyna. She had no idea how he could be so upbeat while being so close to death. The gold dragon was squirming like crazy crushing the forest trees left and right like toothpicks, then accidently threw itself right off the side of the giant rocky mountain side. That didn't bother her much, due to the fact that she had seen Percy survive much worse. It was just another day for that son of Poseidon. Plus she had more pressing matters to deal with. The baby dragons had set the cabin on fire and were patiently guarding the exits. Reyna couldn't help but admire their intelligence. They cornered her into a wall and prepared to tear her apart. Just earlier the creatures chewed her weapons and shield to pieces with their golden teeth, so she was completely defenseless. Her only options were to burn to death or fight the hoarde bare handed. The odds were not in her favor but she certainly had faced worse. The cabin was filling with smoke and it was getting harder to breathe. She had to make a move now. Reyna ran around the cabin and grabbed the biggest weapon she could find which just so happened to be a sledge hammer. It wasnt your typical dragon slaying weapon but it wasn't completely useless either. Even if it was, Reyna was a Roman and would kill a hundred of these things with her bare hands if she needed to. She took a deep breath, even though it was about eighty percent poisonous smoke, and tackled the door off it's hinges smashing at least ten dragons underneath to monster dust. Immeadietly almost thirty other dragons charged at her and spewed white hot flames everywhere setting the entire backside of her shirt on fire. Shit! She thought to herself. Immediately she forgot her basic fight first instinct, and ran away instead. Sadly she was still on fire, luckily she was wearing a black tank top underneath. Reyna ripped her shirt off and tossed it at the pack of dragons who were catching up quickly . Really quickly. Too quickly. Inches away... "Dammit!" Reyna screamed. The dragons tore her shoe off her foot with their razor sharp teeth. She scrambled to her feet and stumbled farther into the forest. She had no idea what she was even doing any more . What was the mission again? Follow Percy, check. Steal a car, check. Travel halfway across the country, check. Follow Percy deep dark in the forest, check. Almost get killed by a pack of rabid baby dragons, double check. Now what was the plan? Suddenly the ground shook violently under Reyna's feet. An enormous steaming hot geyser blew up only feet from her and spat out a huge gold dragon that hit the ground with a sickening boom! A very proud Percy stood over the monster with one foot on his thick scaly neck. The beast was clearly alive but it made no attempt to snap him in half like a Snickers candy bar. Percy was smiling like crazy. "I think I tamed her." Reyna was on her back breathing hard. "What-how did you-nevermind." "Yeah don't ask." Percy laughed and stepped off his dragon. Apparently he broke his ankle, the dragon snarled but still didn't gut him. He snatched a bookbag from the monsters sharp clutches. Whatever was in there, was the only thing that could set the beast off. It shot forward like an arrow but Percy responded with the speed of a bullet. In one swift movement, he dropped the book bag, jumped, pulled out his sword midair, and sunk the celestial bronze blade between the dragons blood thirsty eyes. The corpse went limp immediately and slid across the forest clearing until it hit a tree. Percy landed on the wrong foot and crumbled to the dirt floor. Reyna ran to his side and did a quick medical examination. "Oh wow, the great Percy Jackson, victim to a minor twisted ankle? How anticlimactic." "Haha you know, this was actually a milk run compared to other missions." Reyna scowled. "Speaking of missions, why were we even out here in the middle of no where." Percy grinned. He unzipped his backpack and revealed a giant blue jewel the size of basketball. Reyna gawked at it wide eyes. "No wonder the dragon was out for blood." She reached out to touch it but Percy closed it quickly. "I wouldn't do that if I were you. It's a cursed object." Percy showed her his hands. They were covered in third degree burns all the way up to wrists. "It can't be held by living people." "Why on earth would you want to steal it then." "I dont want this thing, Chiron sent me to get it and from what I've been told, it's the eye of some ancient dead thing, and still has all of this persons powers locked away. He says the power is transferrable but from what I've seen it just burns the crap out of people." Reyna grimaced and helped him to his feet. "Others went looking for it?" Percy sighed. "Yeah. A high priority quest was needed, I'm the fifth demigod to go looking for it. Two of them couldn't get past the dragon, then a son of Hephaestus and a daughter of Hecate managed to find the rock but were found in a Arizona ER days later with burns across their entire bodies and weird blue skin." Reyna lifted him up and he leaned on her with his arm around her waist. "What do we do with it now?" Percy grinned. "We take it to Mount Olympus." Percy navigated Reyna out of the forest and helped him into the passenger seat of their red pickup truck. She poured some nectar onto his wounds and pulled out some bandages from the glove department. "Do you think this thing can really give you powers?" "I doubt it. Something like that would grab a whole lot of attention from some really powerful people. Plus this was way too easy of a quest." "If it was so easy, then why bring me along?" She questioned. Percy chuckled. "I didn't want to do it alone, Queen bee." He pulled Reyna in by the waist and gave her a kiss. Her heart skipped a beat just as it always did when he kissed her. They hadn't been dating anymore than about seven months but she always felt the upmost happy with him. It seemed eternal. Reyna pulled back caught his eyes and smiled. "Two former praetors of Rome is a bit overkill for a quest like this don't you think?" "I'm getting too old for quests." Percy huffed. "You're only twenty five." "Which is like a hundred in demigod years." "In that case, you should make a bucket list and start crossing some things off." "Well one thing for sure, I am in the mood for a banana split from that one ice cream shop we passed a while back, you in?" "Yeah, don't worry we'll just throw this priceless possibly world ending ancient artifact in the backseat and go get you some ice cream." Percy buckled his seat belt. "Now we're talking." Three hours later, they parked cliffside next to Pinky's Ice Cream Parlor. Reyna and Percy sat in the back of the pickup with banana splits in hand and watched the sunset. "You know...New Rome has the best ice cream... in the world." Said Reyna in between bites. "New Rome... doesn't have blue ice cream...but Blinky's does." He said eating his blue colored banana split. "Blueness does not make ice cream delicious." "It gives it character though." "You're an idiot." Reyna smiled. Percy laughed. "If I had a penny everytime I heard that." "Shut up and finish your ice cream." Reyna laughed. "Of all the years you've known me, how many times have you known me to ever shut up?" "I guess it's one of the downsides of being your friend." She said playfully with a grin on her face. Percy pretended to be hurt by the comment. He took a bite of his split. "Is it just me or aren't moments like these better after almost being killed during a dangerous quest." Reyna stared at the orange sky. The emminent death she felt earlier today was gone. She was so relaxed and at peace, it was a... strange...feeling. No matter what she was doing at Camp Jupiter, she always felt a responsibility on her shoulders. There was always a duty that she had to fufill, it was a soldiers life even though she had retired from the legion years ago. But out in the mortal world she felt free. Of course Percy played a huge part in that. He had a different vibe to him, it wasn't the legendary hero that beings around the globe worshipped and told stories about at a camp fire. He was a person that very few new, he was just a regular guy to Reyna. He could make her feel at peace. She loved that about him. "Maybe it's time we retire." She finally replied. "And I mean actually retire. Maybe it's time to stop trying to live two different lives, we need to pick a path and stick to it. We can't just quit our jobs every time the camps need our help with simple problems...right?" "Could we ever actually do it? Live a mortals life, I mean. Away from all the gods and monsters?" "Maybe... If anyone can do it, it'll be us." Percy looked her in the eyes and smiled. "Of course we could. I don't think I'd want any other friend by my side." Reyna looked down at her lap and smiled softly. "I'll always have your back, no matter what, Percy." "I expect nothing less, Reyna." About a half an hour later they had finished their ice creams and drove into the night to the Empire State Building where they would drop off the jewel. Reyna had fallen asleep during their drive to New York. She awoke to the light taps on her shoulders coming from Percy. The environment around them was pitch black other than what could be seen from the headlights. Percy looked at her with a worried expression on his face. "Something's wrong." It went down hill from that point on. It happened so quickly that Reyna barely had a chance to react. An explosion threw the pickup into the air and sent it rolling down the street into a nearby billboard. The advertisement came crashing down and smashed the truck in half. Reyna on the other hand had been thrown from the vehicle and into a nearby field of crops. Her face was dripping with blood, pain seared throughout her body and she could feel each