Hey guys! This is my first fanfiction, hope you like it! Sorry about any mistakes. All characters belong to Rick Riordan. Annabeth's POV Annabeth laughed and Percy smiled as they exited the Poseidon cabin holding hands. Percy had been telling her some really dorky jokes- he was such a seaweed brain sometimes. "What do you get when a demigod tries to out beauty Aphrodite?" "What?" "Demigod pancake with a topping of lip gloss." Annabeth punched him in the arm. "Ow!" He complained. "Shut up, Seaweed Brain." They walked in silence for a while around camp, going nowhere in particular. Eventually they reached one of her favourite places- the canoe lake. About a month ago when she and Percy had starting dating, some other campers had thrown them into the lake, only for Annabeth to experience the best underwater kiss of all time. Percy pulled her down onto the grass and held her close, his arms wrapped around her. Percy lent down and gave her a peck on the cheek and she smiled. Suddenly, a couple of naiads rose to the surface of the lake, splashing them with water. Of course Percy being son-of-Poseidon and all didn't get wet, but Annabeth was was so angry with those cursed naiads for ruining her moment with percy and getting her wet; she wanted to pull out her knife and slice their throats. Fortunately, Percy grabbed her arms tightly to restrain her. "Hey, it's okay. Here, you can have my jacket." "No! I don't need it I'm fine!" She snapped at him. "Okay, okay!" He replied, looking tired. They started to walk back to the cabins. "R u sure you don't want my jacket?" Percy asked. "I don't want you to get cold." "Percy! I already told you I'm fine! Just because you're my boyfriend doesn't mean I need you to be constantly looking out for me! I can look after myself!" She screamed at him defiantly. "Just leave me alone!" Annabeth stormed ahead of him, but Percy just jogged to catch up. She already felt bad for yelling at him, especially since he was just trying to help. But what she said was true. Ever since they had started dating he had watched her every move, constantly on the lookout. Annabeth usually thought it was sweet that he was so protective of her, but today she just found it annoying. All the time they were walking back to the cabin, Percy now at her side, he had that hurt and angry look in his eyes. Percy almost never got mad, but today he looked really angry. Annabeth didn't blame him. She was getting angry at him a lot lately for no reason. Annabeth wasn't usually one to apologise, but she felt really bad and couldn't stand seeing him like that, especially when she knew she was the one that had caused it. She turned to face him nervously. "Percy I'm sorry, I didn't mean-" "It's fine," he interrupted, but he still sounded angry, angrier than she had ever heard him. As they reached the cabins she said, "goodnight, Percy." "Night," he replied stiffly. She walked into her cabin and climbed into bed, hoping that everything would be back to normal between them in the morning. Percy's POV Percy got out of bed and stretched. He was pumped for training today. He was now one of the best sword-fighters at camp and he had promised to show Annabeth some new moves. Then he remembered Annabeth's anger lately, and wasn't so keen to spend time with her. It wasn't unusual for Annabeth to be mean and tease him; they did that to each other a lot. But lately she had been yelling at him a lot for no reason at all, and she was serious about it too. Percy couldn't stay mad at her though. She was his girlfriend after all and he knew she didn't mean to get angry at him. Most of the time Annabeth was awesome- teasing him, calling him Seaweed Brain, laughing at his stupid jokes and of course, she always looked beautiful. He just wished she would stop getting so angry at him all the time. But she had apologised for the first time yesterday, so maybe today would be different. He got dressed and started to head to breakfast. When he reached the tables he sat down and started eating. After about 5 minutes, Annabeth walked up to him. She was looking as beautiful as ever with her curly blonde hair tied up in a ponytail and a little smile on her face, but she looked nervous. Percy guessed she was still worried about their argument yesterday. He hadn't exactly been warm and welcoming after she apologised. He had been pretty annoyed that she had yelled at him again, but it didn't take him long to get over it. "Hey, Wise Girl," he said. "Come sit with me." Technically she wasn't supposed to sit at any table but her own, but Percy and Annabeth hadn't been very good at following that rule. Relief spread across her face as she sat down, and Percy immediately felt bad that she had worried about their fight at all. He stopped eating for a moment and wrapped his arms around her, giving her a soft kiss at the same time. Annabeth still looked nervous. Last night he must have shown a lot more hurt and anger than he had realised. "Percy," Annabeth started timidly, "do you forgive me?" "Of course I do, Wise Girl. You think something as little as a bit of anger would tear us apart?" He said to her. "But-" she started. "Annabeth, listen to me. I love you very, very much and I know you didn't mean to get angry at me- any of those times. I'm sorry you thought I hadn't forgiven you. Now stop worrying, okay?" She immediately relaxed in his arms. "I love you," she whispered. "I love you too, Wise Girl. Now eat up ready for our practise today!" "Okay," she replied much more enthusiastic, as she started making her way through her plate of breakfast. Annabeth's POV Percy and Annabeth made their way towards the arena, once again holding hands. She was so relieved that Percy had forgiven her. She had spent ages last night cursing herself and her anger and worrying that Percy wouldn't forgive her, until she finally fell asleep. She had been so nervous about talking to him this morning, and she was sure he had noticed. Seeing that look in his eyes last night was enough to make anyone break. But this morning he had been totally cool about it. She didn't think any other boy would have the patience to put up with her. Annabeth and Percy reached the arena, and Percy uncapped riptide. Annabeth unsheathed her knife and said, "ready to have your butt whipped, Seaweed Brain?" "Hey, I'm the one who's supposed to be teaching you! Glad to see you're back to your normal self anyway," he smiled. "Shut up Seaweed Brain!" They trained for over an hour, and Percy was totally whipping her butt. Finally they decided to call quits when Percy's sword hit Annabeth in the nose and it started bleeding. They sat in the grass and Percy kept handing Annabeth tissues for her nose, which was still bleeding heavily. "I'm sorry about your nose, by the way," Percy said. "Don't worry, I'll get you back one day," she replied as she punched him in the arm. Once Annabeth's nose had stopped bleeding, they cuddled up together on the grass. It was so relaxing to feel Percy's heartbeat against hers. Finally she said, "i need to go work on my plans for Olympus. Ares wants his statue done by Thursday and i haven't even started." It was hard work redesigning Olympus and it took up a lot of her time. Percy was constantly nagging her to take a break or do it another day, but she couldn't keep putting things off. "Fine," Percy said. "I'll see you later." And with that he left her sitting on the grass as he walked over to the Pegasus stable. "Well that was encouraging," Annabeth muttered to herself as she walked back to her cabin. Annabeth had been trying for hours to sketch this statue of Ares but it just wasn't working. She had to design it so it captured the light perfectly and brought out the colour of the weaving next to it. She was so engrossed in her work that she didn't notice Percy until he was standing next her. "Hey, how's it going?" He asked. "Fine!" I snapped back. "Hey!" he said defensively, and a little angry. "No need to get snappy with me again. I was just coming to check on you." "Sorry," she muttered. "This statue is just really getting to me." "It's okay," he relaxed. "You're overworking, Annabeth. The stress is getting to you." "I am not stressed!" She yelled at him. "Well, you are," he replied. "But im not going to argue with you." "Go away!" She said angrily and turned back to her work. Percy's POV Was she really telling him to go away?! She's obviously stressed about this whole thing and she's having trouble on this statue, so why won't she let him comfort her? He didn't even tell her to take a break, he just came to see how she was going. Percy had hoped Annabeth wouldn't lose her temper with him again, but nope. He was starting to lose his patience. He couldn't keep putting up with her yelling at him 5 times a day. "I said, go away!" She said again, glaring at him. "I'm trying to work!" That was it. He wasn't going to let her keep yelling at him without receiving some back. Percy glared right back at her. "You've been working for hours and hours every day, for the past few weeks!" He yelled at her. "You are obviously stressed, yet you won't let me comfort you! I'm trying to help you but you keep getting angry at me. Annabeth, I'm not putting up with this any longer. Go find someone else to take your anger out on. I'm done!" And with that, he left the room. Almost as soon as he left, Annabeth came storming after him. "Perseus Jackson!" She screamed. "Don't you dare walk out on me!" "You told me to go away!" He screamed back. "I don't care!" She replied, "you shouldn't have interrupted me in the first place! You're always complaining that I'm working and that I should be spending more time with you, like you are more important than my redesigning Olympus! Well let me tell you. YOU. ARE. NOT. IMPORTANT. Got it? Now leave me alone!" "You're the one that followed me!" He screamed after her as she stormed back into her cabin. Fuming, he stormed around camp, kicking every rock and stick he came across. Annabeth's comments really stung. Was he really not important to her? How could she even say that! She knows he is always second-guessing himself, worrying that he hadn't done enough. His comments this morning no longer mattered. This was a lot more than a little bit of anger. Today was about the 15th time in a week that she had lost her temper at him, and he was glad that he had finally yelled back at her. This morning she was so nervous, after all he'd done was look angry. She must have been feeling really awful now. But Percy didn't care. He was sick and tired of her always being angry. He finally headed back to his cabin without a glance as he passed the Athena cabin. Annabeth's POV "You! Stupid! Idiot! How could you!" Annabeth screamed at herself as she smashed her head against the wall. Thankfully, none of her other cabin mates were around. She was so annoyed with herself. After about 10 minutes her anger died down and