This is a tale about Edward and Bella who are both actors, but from very different worlds. Sparks fly when they meet for the first time and neither can understand their instant attraction to each other as Edward isn't a pleasant person to be around (to start with) and Bella is feisty as hell. Add in some supernatural fun and games, some angst, misunderstandings and general mayhem, plus plenty of love and passion, and I hope I can keep you riveted to the end of the story. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters - I've just borrowed them from SM to have fun with. Huge Love to the FicSisters, The Lemonade Stand, Rob Attack and A Different Forest for recommending this story. CHAPTER ONE: Norton, Nails and Nuts Somewhere over the Atlantic Ocean: "Do I really have to do it?" "Yes, Edward. The Graham Norton Show is the most popular talk show in the UK and it's shown all over the world. It's great publicity, whether you think the movie needs it or not." "Can't you get me out of it; say I'm ill or something?" "Absolutely not. When you signed up to do the movie you agreed to do promotion; it's part of that commitment. You've already been paid handsomely for doing both, as you well know. It'll be fun; most celebrities have a ball on that show." Edward ran his hands through his hair in frustration as he responded negatively to his agent's reassurances. "You know I loathe talk shows, Jasper. I hate answering inane, stupid questions in front of a live audience, and I can't abide being polite to vacuous people when I'd rather not be in the same room as them. Why the fuck do actors have to do promotional tours now anyway? Steve McQueen never had to suffer this shit?" Jasper didn't answer but rolled his eyes to heaven as he rested his head on the comfortable first class seat. He turned his face away from his scowling client and gazed out the window at the brilliant bright blue sky, then downwards onto the impenetrable layer of fluffy white clouds that blocked the view of the ice-cold North Atlantic thirty-five thousand feet below. He glanced at his watch, which was still on EST, and worked out that they still had four hours flying time before touching down at Heathrow. Then it would be straight into the next leg of the promotional tour for Edward's latest movie and he was not looking forward to it one bit. After the hugely successful premiere in LA, Edward had promoted the movie in several US and Canadian cities, ending up in New York that morning for an interview at 8 a.m. on Good Morning America. Then it was straight from the studio to JFK for the flight to London. Jasper had already spent eight tortuous days in the company of this sulky, spoiled, arrogant, shit of a movie star, who had complained about anything and everything at every opportunity and he wasn't looking forward to the rest of the tour, which would take in the UK premiere and promotional events in London and Paris. Jasper's individual first class pod seat was alongside Edward's, but he had removed the privacy screen between them so they could go over the schedule for Europe while they were travelling. He noticed that Edward was pressing his call button for service and a smiling flight attendant was quickly on hand to take his order for yet another Jack Daniels. Edward had been drinking steadily since leaving New York and Jasper was quite concerned he might be over-doing it. He declined an offered top up to his orange juice and the attendant disappeared to get Edward's drink. "Don't you think you've had enough, Edward?" he whispered. There'll be paparazzi at the airport and you don't want to look like shit when you're walking through the terminal." "I don't give a flying fuck about paparazzi; anyway, when do I ever look like shit, Jasper? Haven't I just been voted the sexiest man alive by GQ for the third year running? It'll take more than a few J.D's to knock that crown off my head, so don't fucking nag." Jasper squeezed his chair arm wishing it was Edward's throat. He breathed deeply and started counting backwards from a hundred to calm himself down, then went back to his paperwork to read through Edward's schedule again. It was going to be a busy week for Edward but a punishing week for him, with meetings and interviews filling up most of his days with hardly any free time available. He didn't mind working flat out, but being with Edward practically 24/7 was wearing him down, as it was like having to cope with an unruly child that he wasn't allowed to chastise. Jasper took a sip of orange juice and thought back to the day almost twelve years ago when Edward signed with his agency. He was twenty five years old when he first met sixteen year old Edward Cullen when Edward turned up at his office as a good-looking, straight from acting-school, child actor. Edward was already reasonably well-known throughout the States because of some high-profile roles on television sit-com's but his pushy and very wealthy parents were eager for him to break into the lucrative teen-flick market, so he had walked away from the nurturing protection of his school earlier than other students and before graduating. Edward had needed a professional agent quickly after he was offered a part in the first movie he auditioned for, and Jasper had taken him on after a very brief interview with Edward and his obnoxious parents, who had to be involved as Edward was still technically a minor. He put Edward's moodiness and arrogance that day down to normal teenage hormones, but unfortunately Edward's attitude hadn't matured as he grew into adulthood. His amazing success had only fueled Edward's self-belief that he was the best thing to happen to the movie industry since Rudolph Valentino. Unfortunately for Jasper, this was actually quite near to the truth, and he had to live with the consequences of having a client who was probably the most talented, hard-working and best-looking actor of his generation, with the added trauma that he was a big-headed tyrant who thought he was God's gift to womankind. If Jasper could have walked away from Edward he would have, but he had an ex-wife who was bleeding him dry, plus two daughters who amazingly still thought the world of him, despite the best efforts of their bitch-whore mother, Kate. She belittled him in front of the girls at every opportunity, even though she was the one who was caught with her pants down. The small cut of Edward's earnings he was entitled to receive, which was still a substantial amount of money, just about kept his head above water, which was why he put up with the verbal abuse and childish tantrums from his difficult, but very lucrative, client. When Edward's glass needed re-filling again, rather than call the steward and get another ear-bashing from Jasper, he got up from his seat and ambled towards the drinks bar which was situated between Business and First Class. Jasper watched his progress down the aisle, concerned that he might not be able to walk in a straight line. He was curious when he saw Edward stop at one of the pods and stare at whoever was sitting there. He didn't move for about fifteen seconds, and as far as Jasper could tell he didn't say anything to the passenger, but continued towards the bar where he ordered another drink. From where he was sitting, Jasper couldn't see who had grabbed Edward's attention because of the way the pods were arranged; all he could see was a pair of empty grey Converse trainers dangling over the end of the footrest into the aisle, but he couldn't tell from a distance whether the shoes belonged to either a man or a woman. Edward returned to his seat with another drink and a box of nuts. After a couple of minutes of silence, broken only by the sound of Edward tapping himself on the forehead as though he was trying to remember something, he turned towards Jasper with one of his forced smiles on his face. "There's a girl down there with bright blue nail polish on her toes that I wouldn't mind getting to know. Go speak to her and tell her to come up here and she can sit in your seat for a while and you can sit in hers." Jasper shot him a look of incredulity. "Are you serious? Go and talk to her yourself. Our contract doesn't say anything about me being your dating service!" "Oh, go on, Jasper. I don't want to chat her up with an audience listening. Anyway she looks familiar. I'm sure I've seen her somewhere before." "No, Edward, I'm not doing it. I'm your agent not your servant." "Please, please, pretty please, Jasper." Edward set his mouth in a childish pout and fluttered his long eyelashes jokingly. Jasper's eyes rolled up to heaven, as he knew from past experience that Edward would keep on at him until he relented. He reluctantly unbuckled his belt, which he always kept fastened when he was flying, and rose from his seat, wondering again why he'd chosen a career as 'agent to the rich and arrogant'. After he had walked up to the girl who was engrossed in a book, he coughed gently and said, "excuse me," to gain her attention. Edward watched Jasper intently as he leaned right over into the girl's pod so he could talk to her discreetly. He could tell by Jasper's head and hand movements that he was having a discussion with her, then he saw Jasper straighten up, but instead of exchanging seats with the girl, as Edward presumed he would do, he made his way back to his own seat where he settled himself down again. The smug look that was spread across Jasper's face didn't go unnoticed by Edward. "Well?" "She didn't want to come; she's reading a book." "What did she actually say?" "Do you really want to know?" "Yes!" "I said that you would really like the pleasure of her company, or words to that effect, and she said, '"Tell him to go fuck himself."' Edward looked flustered at this and hissed, "Didn't you say who I am?" "Yes of course I did. She laughed, then asked me to go away, very impolitely I may add." Edward huffed and wriggled in his seat. He turned his attention back to the movie he was watching, but after a few minutes he dragged the earphones out of his ears and threw them across his seat angrily. He picked up the in-flight magazine and perused it for a few minutes, then flung it down on the floor. Jasper was trying to contain himself and he covered his mouth with his hand so that Edward couldn't see the smirk that had crept across his face. Edward not getting his own way with a woman was unheard of, and the temptation to laugh out loud was becoming almost uncontrollable. "Who does she fucking think she is?" he spat. "She's Isabella Swan, an actress. I recognized her right away." "I've never heard of her, so she can't be that famous." "She's a very well-known stage actress, Edward. You know, live theater; that thing actors used to do before they invented celluloid. She's just finished a very successful run on Broadway and her play is transferring to London; you may have read about her in one of the trade magazines recently. Perhaps, if you took time to set foot inside a theater one day and witness what stage actors actually do, it might broaden your mind seeing and appreciating real talent?" "Are you suggesting I'm ignorant and untalented now?" Edward's face was turning slightly purple