CSI SEATTLE WA Disclaimer: I don't own anything related to Twilight, it all belongs to Stephenie Meyer - bless her. Also CSI - no copyright infringement intended. PROLOGUE "Emergency – which service do you require?" "Police." "What's the emergency, Sir?" "My wife and I have found an arm." "A human arm?" "I think so." "What do you mean – either it's human or it's not." "It looks human, but it's not bleeding; I mean there's no blood on it." "Where is the arm located?" "It's in the forest, just east of Forks, Washington State. I've just left my wife with it to walk up a hill to get cell phone reception." "Can you give me your location, Sir." "Not exactly, my wife and I are hiking and camping in the national park; we're a long way from a road. The arm is in the grass on the edge of an open space surrounded by forest." "That's fine, Sir. If you would just keep your cell phone switched on we can work out your position using GPS. We'll have a team out to you as soon as possible. Can I have your name please." "It's Tom, Tom Bailey." "Okay, Tom, just hold on there; we'll be with you shortly. I'm just sending a message down to the local police in Forks, who'll probably get a Crime Scene team from Seattle to take a look. Can you give me a brief description of the arm?" "Yes, it's white skinned. We think it's a male arm because the hand is quite big. It still has bits of clothing attached to it, but there's something a bit weird about it." "What's weird about it, Sir? "Well, you probably won't believe me, but... the arm, well... I don't really know how to put this, but... ...it's still moving!" CHAPTER ONE Ten years earlier - Forks High School "Sorry, Mike, I've already got a date for the Prom. You should ask Jessica, she's hoping you'll ask her, and I know she's turned down Ben and Tyler already." "Who's the lucky guy then?" Mike asked, sounding disappointed that he hadn't been quicker off the mark and asked her earlier and also wondering who had beaten him to it. He had presumed he was onto a sure thing with Bella this time as he was considered to be the hottest jock in the school by most of the female students. He wasn't used to being rejected, and even though Bella had consistently refused his invitations since she had arrived at the school eighteen months previously, he had been confident she would capitulate this time as it was the Senior Prom, and it was practically mandatory to have a date for the social event of the year. As far as he was aware, Bella hadn't had a boyfriend since arriving in Forks from Phoenix to live with her father, preferring to hang out with Angela and Jessica after school. "Maybe she's gay" he thought, which seemed to him to be the only logical explanation why she hadn't succumbed to his charms. He couldn't compute the fact that she actually might not find him attractive. "Ah, that would be telling" Bella replied with a furtive wink. She didn't dislike Mike, but she was determined not to become another notch on his bedpost. Anyway, she had never had any inclination to attend any of the school's social events before, and she couldn't understand why it was so vital to have a date for the up-coming Senior Prom. Normally she preferred to stay at home with her books, or researching on the computer. That was her idea of a perfect evening, not jumping up and down to annoying music that sounded all the same to her. But against her better judgement, she had decided she would go to the Prom this time, partially due to the incessant nagging from Angela and Jessica, but also because it would probably be the last time her year group would be together before they all went their separate ways, either to work or college. She hadn't actually secured a date yet, but she had decided to ask her science partner, Edward Masen, to take her. Edward was a quiet soul; he kept to himself and spoke to others only when necessary. He was a bookworm like her, and spent every lunchtime in the library poring over scientific or medical journals. She guessed that he was heading for medical school as he was fascinated by the workings of the human body, but he excelled in all of the sciences, as she did. Mr. Molina had put the two of them together at the beginning of this academic year to be 'subject buddies' as he called them, as they were considered to be on the same level of intellect, which meant streets ahead of all of the other students. Edward was tall and lanky and over six feet tall already. His hair was an unruly mop of dark auburn and his skin was pale and unhealthy. His eyebrows were bushy and unkempt and he wore large, thick-rimmed, tinted glasses that obscured his eyes and the top half of his face. He wore the same clothes practically every day; black jeans that were faded through over-washing and completely out of shape, with a white t-shirt and plaid over-shirt on top. His trainers weren't designer and he drove a beat-up truck that wouldn't have looked out of place on a farm. When he walked, his shoulders were hunched over and he was invariably looking at the floor, probably because he was trying to avoid eye-contact with anyone, and as he was excused from doing any sort of sporting activity, for some unknown reason, he wasn't forced to join in with team games or interact with any of the other students. None of the girls found him remotely attractive, but as he didn't attempt to communicate with anyone at school other than when it was absolutely necessary, he was oblivious to the fact that he was the last person any girl with an ounce of self-respect would want to have as a date for the Prom. Bella on the other hand was considered to be the beauty of the year group and was very popular with both sexes, due to her outgoing and friendly nature. She was small in build even though she ate like a horse, with big green eyes and long brown hair that had natural auburn highlights. She was blessed with a radiant skin, and a mouth that seemed to be permanently smiling. All the boys in her year group fancied her, apart from Tyler, whose measurement of female physical attractiveness was down to bra cup size alone. She had been asked out on numerous occasions, but she was not interested in having a boyfriend, preferring to spend her spare time concentrating on her studies so she could gain a place at a good college somewhere. She didn't care where the college was, as long as it was away from Forks and in a city where there was culture, diversity and a larger population, she wasn't fussy. That was her ultimate goal. Mike eventually stood up from the lunch table and wandered off looking dejected while Bella returned to reading her book whilst munching on her pizza. She was interrupted by Jessica who had witnessed Mike walking away from the table and she banged her tray down hard, making Bella jump. "Did Mike ask you to the Prom, Bella?" "Yes he did, Jess. Sorry." Bella couldn't lie – especially to Jessica who had been a good friend to her when she arrived in Forks. "Great!" Jessica exclaimed, but sarcastically. "I turned him down; I told him I already had a date." "Why?" "Because I know you like him. I like him, but not in that way. I'm sure he'll ask you now." "So I'm first reserve then," Jessica groaned. "I'm sorry, Jess; I don't know what to say." "Oh well, thanks for being honest at least." "That's okay." Bella felt a bit sorry for her and gave her a hug. "So, who are you going to the prom with then?" Jessica was dying to know. Bella hadn't bothered going to the Junior Prom and had never had a boyfriend as far as she was aware, so this was a first. Bella was reluctant to tell Jessica her plans as she knew what her reaction would be, and it wouldn't be positive, so her answer was evasive. "I'm going to ask this person because I know he won't ask me, but I haven't asked him yet, so I would rather not say until he agrees." "Any clues?" "No, just leave it Jess. I'll tell you when I know for certain." "How do you know he hasn't already got a date?" "Oh, I'm pretty certain he hasn't – can we just leave it for now?" Jessica huffed and turned her attention to her salad, then started wittering on about dresses and shoes. Bella realized that she hadn't actually thought about buying a dress, but first things first. She had to pluck up courage to ask Edward and then, of course, convince him to take her. The bell went for the end of lunch break and Bella picked up her books and headed towards the science lab. It was now or never she had decided, so she took a deep breath and walked into the classroom with a determined look on her face. She was all for women's lib and equality and all that, but she never thought she would ever find herself in the position of having to ask a boy for a date. Edward was already in his seat and was bent over his text book as usual, with his elbows on the desk and his fingers buried in his hair. The sun was making a rare appearance in Forks today and a ray of light had filtered through the window and settled on his head and Bella noticed for the first time what a beautiful color his hair was, and also how soft it looked. He suddenly looked up at her and his expression turned to one of surprise when he realised she had been staring at him, and both of them suddenly felt embarrassed. "Hi, Edward." "Hi, Bella," he stuttered. "We're doing photosynthesis today. I've just been reading up on it." "Great... umm... Edward, are you doing anything on..." "Okay students, listen up." Mr. Molina strode into the room and slapped some papers down on his desk and started fiddling with the overhead projector. Bella stopped talking, sat down and turned towards the front of the class, knowing full well her face was turning bright crimson. She could sense that Edward's eyes were staring at her from the side, but she couldn't bring herself to take the conversation further as 'the moment' had just spectacularly flown out the window. Mr. Molina launched into his lecture on the transference of light energy into heat energy, then pulled the blinds down in the classroom so he could show the class a number of slides. Edward had reverted back to giving his total concentration to either the presentation or his text book whilst writing copious notes on his writing pad. Bella had an idea. She tore a piece of paper off her pad and wrote Edward a note. Will you take me to the Prom, Edward? She shoved the piece of paper over to Edward's side of the desk and looked directly ahead of her so that she couldn't see his reaction. Edward read the message and pushed it under his writing pad. He carried on writing notes and listening to Mr. Molina's lecture intently. A few minutes passed and Bella was getting agitated. She wrote another note. Are you ignoring me? She shoved that towards him. Edward picked it up, read it and placed it under his writing pad with the other note. "Aaaaargh!" Bella screamed to herself, whilst