Welcome to the sequel to CSI Seattle. For those of you who read the original story a while ago and can't remember what happened, I have added another chapter to CSI Seattle which briefly recaps the relevant parts of the story for you, so you can refresh your memory, if yours, like mine, is rubbish! Setting the scene for CSI Connecticut; Bella, Jasper and Alice, (and Molly the cat), have moved from the West Coast to the East Coast and are now living with Edward, Carlisle and Esme in Uncle Anthony's lovely, rambling beach house. Bella and Alice have opened a detective agency as a bit of fun and Edward has inherited the Medical Research laboratory after Anthony's death, but he still hasn't found out who was willing to sell their research to a national newspaper. Esme's recovery is slow and she is unaware she's a vampire. Bella and Edward are still passionately in love, but Bella is missing her family and friends desperately. You are definitely in for an exciting and bumpy ride, as the detective agency puts a stick into a hornets' nest, Alice's past comes back to haunt her, and the mole in the laboratory is after a lot more than money. Also, and more importantly for those who like lemons, we find out why vampire loving is sooooooo much better than human loving! As always, these characters belong to Stephenie Meyer - I've just borrowed them to have lots of fun with. Strap yourself down (in a non-bondage way) and enjoy. Joan (aka Michaelmas54) xx CHAPTER ONE - BANG! Connecticut Special Investigations Office - on a cool December afternoon "I'm bored, Alice!" "Why?" "It's too easy." "What is?" "Doing this job." "Yeah, I know, but I can't help it if I solve our cases really quickly." "I accept that, but at least you could string some of the clients along for a bit." "I suppose I could, but why bother? I mean take that asshole, Clem Baker, for instance. Anybody could see he was trying to set up a honey-trap." "I couldn't." "It was obvious, Bella. I didn't have to look five minutes into the future to see he was planning to shack up with a girl twenty years younger than himself." "Okay, I suppose I could've guessed that when I saw him. Typical middle-aged guy with a fake tan, sports car and disco clothes, obviously in the middle of a mid-life crisis. But I would never have guessed he'd hired a Gigolo to pursue his wife to avoid paying alimony. What an asshole, asking us to get compromising photographs." "Yup! A twenty-two carat asshole." "Oh well, he got what he deserved." "Yes, he did. Those were great 'compromising' photos you got of him with the bimbo. I just loved sending them anonymously to his wife." "Hopefully she'll take him to the cleaners." "She will; I've seen it. But would you believe he's actually grateful to me at the moment." "How the hell did you manage that?" "After the divorce, the bimbo would have fleeced him for everything. She's done this at least twice before to other guys. I found out she's a professional home wrecker and con-artist. The gigolo she recommended to Clem is actually her boyfriend and they work as a team. Yesterday I emailed Clem some background information on them, so he's had a very lucky escape." "Wow!" "He's still an asshole though, even though he paid his account with a bonus." Bella smiled at Alice for a moment then got up from her desk and wandered over to the window to see if anything was happening outside on the street. The window glass she was looking through was clear on the inside but tinted on the outside to lessen the glare of the sun during the day and also to stop pedestrians from seeing in. It also masked the effect the sun's rays had on her's and Alice's skin, which was vital if they had visitors to the office when it was sunny. It was just starting to get dark after a bright winter's day. The street outside was quiet for a Friday afternoon and only a few pedestrians walked past while Bella was standing there; none of whom bothered to glance at the nondescript offices that had the initials CSI etched on the windows and on the sturdy security door that could only be opened by a release system linked to the intercom. CSI's clients almost exclusively made first contact either through accessing their website or via word-of-mouth recommendation from satisfied customers. Only occasionally would passers-by wander in off the street to ask for help. Bella glanced up at the sky that had been blue all day but was now turning a steely grey heralding a cold night to come. The wind had dropped considerably from this morning when they had left the house to travel to the office. A brisk and chilly easterly breeze had been buffetting the house overnight and the grasses on the dunes were still lying flat against the sand, unable to resist the power of the wind. It had been a perfect day for sailing though and Bella knew that Edward and Carlisle had been out on their brand new yacht, probably testing it to its absolute limit. Father and son had both been competent sailors before they were changed and now, using their enhanced abilities and abundant energy, they relished testing their skills on the open water, knowing that if the sea won the battle, their lives would not be forfeit because of their foolhardiness. Fortunately Jasper hated the water, so he was happy to stay at the beach house keeping Esme company while the girls were at CSI and Carlisle and Edward were either sailing or at Edward's laboratory, Masen Research. Carlisle only occasionally went into the lab with Edward as he was enjoying being with his wife again, making up for all the lost years when Esme had lived in a care home after her mind completely failed her. Despite being changed, Esme was still quite fragile and couldn't be left on her own. Her short-term memory was poor and, more importantly, the family couldn't trust her to 'act human' if she strayed away from the house. She was improving every day, but still had a long way to go before she could be considered cured of her dementia and could start living independently again. When they moved east, Jasper and Alice had relocated Cullen Finance Consultancy, which was their investment business they had set up in Seattle. Alice was still predicting the volatile movements of the stock market with complete accuracy, so their clients were very content, but Jasper made sure their profits weren't too excessive as this would inevitably attract curious and unwelcome attention to their business from their competitors. Jasper was able to work remotely off his laptop while he was looking after Esme, but he preferred working in his registered office, which was located in the same building as CSI on the floor directly above. When Jasper was there, Alice would split her time between the detective agency and Jasper's office and the arrangement worked very well. As Bella gazed out the office window at the not particularly attractive view across the street, not for the first time she thought wistfully of Seattle; the city where she had spent the majority of her adult life. She missed the rain, which she recalled always had the smell and taste of the Pacific when it splattered on her upturned face. She missed the violent storms that rolled off Mount Ranier, lighting up the sky spectacularly before a thunderclap would make her jump out of her skin. She missed the fresh, chilly wind that would sweep down from Canada or Alaska, eventually bringing with it snow and ice to dump on the hardy population. But, most of all, she missed being able to walk freely in the sunshine, in shorts and a t-shirt, or a pretty summer dress and Havianas , without having to worry that somebody would notice that her beautifully pale skin sparkled like diamonds in the sunlight. Bella thought back to those first days after Alice changed her and their first hunting adventures in the forests surrounding Forks, especially the night when they lay on the ground in the meadow looking up at the stars, which was when her's and Alice's notion to open a detective agency had first been aired. At the time it was just a flippant idea, but after they had settled on the east coast they had run with it, and Connecticut Special Investigations was born and they had opened its doors just over a month ago. She smiled to herself when she remembered their first week at work. It had been a slow start with the phone ringing only once, and that was from a distraught woman who had lost her eighteen year old cat. You didn't have to be psychic to work out that the elderly moggy was more than likely in kitty heaven by now, but Alice had been very professional and had told the lady she would send out her 'team of investigators' to find out what had happened to Coco the cat. Since then the calls had slowly increased and they now had two or three new enquiries every day; the cases ranging from matrimonial disputes, where either the husband or wife wanted their significant other to be followed, to minor crime that the local police force didn't have the manpower or inclination to investigate themselves. Occasionally they would get a slightly more exciting commission, like missing persons, company fraud, or their most interesting current case, which was gangs of drug dealers hanging around local high schools, but nothing really challenging had come their way as yet and both of them were desperate to be offered something they could really get their teeth into; in other words a proper mystery that Alice couldn't solve in five minutes. Recently, as a favour to the community, Alice had been tipping off the police about serious crimes that were due to happen, mainly in their own neighborhood but some much further afield. She would do this anonymously, which delighted the police forces no end as they were more than willing to take the credit for their 'diligent detective work' when a criminal was caught in the act. Yesterday she had left a message with the local precinct saying that a major drug deal was about to go down at a club in the city today, so they would be watching the local news tomorrow morning with interest to see whether any arrests had been made. Bella knew it frustrated Alice that she had to allow some awful crimes she had foreseen happening to actually happen, but she was wary of drawing attention to herself, as it was in the (admittedly unwritten) 'Voltori Code of Conduct for Vampires', that their kind should not use their special powers to interfere with the lives of the mortal population, apart from sucking the life-blood out of them of course. The last thing they wanted was another visit from Aro and his brothers, so Alice was selective on the information she offered, concentrating on crimes against children and drug dealers; the two areas she abhorred the most. Bella turned away from the window and looked over at Alice who was sitting in her smart black leather office chair with her feet up on the desk, while expertly painting her fingernails in lavender-blue polish. Alice hadn't changed at all since the day they first met in her office in Seattle. She still looked as though she was in her early twenties, even though she was well over a hundred years old. Her hair was jet black and silky, with no hint of gray to mar its youthful appearance. Her skin was flawless and her eyes a bright golden brown, enhanced by expertly applied make-up. Clothes were still Alice's first