Yeah, another Tratie quest story. I hope you'll find this one original enough to give it a chance. Disclaimer: I not being Rick, I not owning PJO I'm honored to say that this story is beta-ed by a celebrity in Tratie fanfics - Potato Jam 7. Only a Bit of Poetry, But How Much It Can Do! Travis POV Wonderful herbed potatoes… and with gingered cranberry-carrot slaw… Literally melts on my tongue… Whoever made ambrosia the food of the gods needs to get their priorities straight, because this right here is a piece of pure bliss- "Travis, come here for a moment." Gah! What a way to ruin the moment. Seriously, I love food. If it was between saving my brother Connor from a lava pit or having a ten course Thanksgiving dinner, I would choose the Thanksgiving dinner. Then again, that's not really saying much considering that Connor is probably the world's most annoying brother, and some days I feel like I'll do anything to get him off my back. And anything probably includes throwing him into a lava pit. I looked around to see who had committed the unforgivable crime of tearing me out from one of the most important and pleasant activities in the world that a guy can do on his own – eating lunch – but nobody was looking at me. Given that it was mealtime, it was understandable. Well, a small correction: Katie was looking at me, but the Demeter table she was sitting at was too far away, so it couldn't have been her who had spoken. I hadn't been paying much attention, but the speaker's voice didn't sound like Katie's anyway. Judging from the glare Katie was sending in my direction, though, it was clear that she hadn't forgotten about the little gift she and the other inhabitants of cabins 4, 7 and 10 (random numbers, really) had found in their socks in the morning. Last night, Connor and I had snuck into the three cabins and stuffed every sock we'd found with sawdust. I'm not exactly sure why Katie's so pissed at me because it provided (as I'd tried to tell Katie between ducking her punches) absolutely toll-free acupuncture and peeling, along with giving the socks a cool, worn-out look. One would think that a daughter of Demeter would like to be in touch with nature, but noooo! Katie is so ungrateful. "Travis! Are you deaf or something?" When I looked around again, I saw that the voice belonged to Rachel, our wonderful redheaded Oracle, who was glaring at me with her arms crossed. "Wa's'ap? Wahyu won?" I asked, letting my annoyance at being torn away from food leak into my voice in large amounts. If this is a prank, there will be Hades to pay. Nobody is allowed to stand between me and food! I thought furiously. Hey, food deprivation can cause a guy to go a bit moody! "The fact that I live in a cave doesn't automatically mean that I speak Neanderthal, Travis." I huffed, feeling offended. That wasn't Neanderthal! It was a normal, grammatically correct speech of an eating person! I protested in my mind. Which is to say, Gastronomish. I swallowed a potato and repeated, "What's up? What do you want?" "Come here for a moment," Rachel repeated. Yeah, and leave my lunch here? No way. "I can't, I'm eating. Lunch can't wait, you can," I explained, gesturing with my arms to the food for a bigger effect. Rachel sighed, sporting the 'One of us surely has to be crazy' look I tend to see on people quite often when I talk to them. "Then come to my cave right after lunch, you gourmet." She then performed a half-pirouette on her heel and walked away. I switched my attention back to the table and noticed that Connor was staring at me. He was about to say something, but I stopped him before a single word could leak out of his mouth. "No. First, she's the Oracle, she can't date. And second, this didn't even sound like asking out," I said firmly, but still quietly enough that only Connor could hear me. To my surprise, Connor didn't turn back to his food, but kept staring at me, this time in confusion. "Err... That's nice to know, but I just wanted to ask... if you could pass me that bottle of ketchup on your right." He dropped his voice. "Do you really think I don't know that you've got all senses set for one particular person?" Connor pointed at the Demeter table with his thumb. "Oh... Well, yeah. Just checking, you know?" I said, feeling embarrassed, and reached out for the bottle of ketchup Connor had asked for. "Sure, bro," Connor drawled and stuffed his mouth with the delicious slaw, freshly gilded with red drops of ketchup. Now that I had nobody bothering me anymore, I decided to do the same. Ten minutes of pure food bliss later, I jogged right to Rachel's cave, wondering why she had felt the need to interrupt my eating. It was strange. I mean, generally, Rachel was strange – like, I-know-the-future strange – but now, it looked like she had to tell me something very important, and only in between four eyes. Rachel was many things, but secretive was not one of them. I stopped at the entrance, wondering if I should knock or not. I peeked inside and saw Rachel sitting in a chair, reading Olympus Weekly with her back facing me. On a little round table behind her laid a bowl that looked like it was from yesterday's cereal with milk. (Katie's mom would be proud.) Obviously, washing the dishes didn't belong to her favorites. But is there someone who can honestly say the opposite? Kitchen duty is nightmare stuff. I couldn't miss an opportunity like this. I was going to announce myself in a…uh… different way today. I tiptoed inside and picked the bowl up. Strangely enough, it smelled like Vietnamese noodle soup, though the little dried brown things around the edge were definitely oats. Could I have finally found another person for my 'Every Combination Tastes Amazing' motto? Regardless, I turned the bowl upside-down and put it on the top of Rachel's head, like a cap. Unfortunately, there was no left-over milk on the bottom. Rachel jerked, letting the newspaper fall to the ground in favor of taking the bowl off her head. "Hey! Who... what... oh, of course, Travis! I should've known; who else would use a bowl as a hat?" "New fashion. Any problem?" I grinned. "So, what is so important that you couldn't have let me eat in peace?" "This." Rachel closed her eyes, and when she opened them again, they were green and glowing. Mist appeared around her, similar to the ones at the concerts, but this one was green. (Why is everything connected to the Oracle green?) I knew what that all meant. I was about to hear a prophecy. " Thievery and grain must combine their forces, despite the rain, searching for flesh-eating horses. The biggest gift will be the prize, the items that disappeared come as a surprise. Though finding more than they were looking for, only one walks back from where two go." My first thought? Great, I'm feeling better immediately! (Do you feel the sarcasm?) My throat tightened in a far more unpleasant way than any time Katie had attempted to strangle me for one thing or another, and my hands felt quite numb as I put Rachel back in her chair after she'd collapsed. I didn't like the mention of rain or flesh-eating horses, but mostly, it was the last line that… okay, I'll admit it, terrified me. I knew the Spirit of Delphi had quite a way with words and a nasty sense of humor, so even prophecies that turned out alright in the end were all dark and gloomy, but still, only one walks back ... I had to tell this to Chiron, regardless the meaning. The mist disappeared in a couple of seconds. Rachel woke up and directed her green orbs at me. "So? What did I say?" "You don't know?" I croaked. Rachel shook her head. "I only had a feeling I had a prophecy for you, so I called you here. I never know the exact wording of my prophecies." I sighed. "I… I can't… I'm sorry," I said, trying to wriggle myself from telling. But what would you do, had you received a prophecy like this one? Thankful that my voice wasn't shaking, and eager to change the subject, I asked, "How does that work, anyway? When you spoke the next Great Prophecy, you just collapsed on the spot. Can you hold the spirit back now?" "A bit… I didn't want to cause a scene at lunch, that's why I wanted you to come here… ASAP," Rachel glared at me. I grinned sheepishly. "Also, with the Great Prophecy… well, it was mostly 'cause it had no real addressee. I mean; I know that there are those seven half-bloods it speaks about, but for all we know, they aren't even alive yet." "Right. And because now, the prophecy had a particular addressee – me – you could wait for a while before letting the spirit take over you," I said, nodding. "I wonder; when you're holding the spirit back, does it feel like when you're trying to hold back a burp?" Rachel's eyes narrowed dangerously. "Did you just compare the Spirit of Delphi to a burp ?! Because I so know you didn't." "Um… I should probably disappear now. I've got to go to Chiron anyway. Bye!" I called before walking away hurriedly. Mortal or not, nobody wanted to be at the receiving end of one of Rachel's kicks. "Bye," Rachel whispered. She looked at me for the last time, and all humor was gone from her face; I saw that pity had replaced it. I got a feeling she knew the prophecy didn't sound very... optimistic. Maybe it was just experience, maybe my behavior had told her so much, but what should have I done? The poem had really freaked me out. On the way back from the cave, I was thinking about the last line all the time. (Don't look so shocked, okay? I'm perfectly capable of thinking, regardless what everyone says.) The first interpretation of a prophecy is often incorrect, so I was trying to find a different meaning to it, and the one I thought most likely was something like flying instead of walking; that the literal meaning of walking was what this was about. If not, there would've been 'one comes back' or 'one returns,' right? It felt more... natural than 'one walks back,' at least in my opinion. I met Chiron as he was galloping towards the archery training. Probably a lesson was starting soon; I didn't know. I didn't want to disturb him while he was teaching, so I ran after him and managed to catch up with him before he got to the arena. Believe me; you don't want to disturb an archer when he's shooting. I did it once, thinking it could be fun, and the arrow ended less than an inch from my shoulder. But I think the reason why it landed so close to me was because of the fact that the Demeter cabin was shooting that day, and let's just say…well, me and the Demeter cabin, we're not exactly best friends . "Chiron! Wait a minute; I need to talk to you. It's very important," I called, running to keep up with the pace of his four legs. Chiron stopped and turned so he was facing me. "Important? I'm listening." "Well, Rachel...she, um, sort of told me a prophecy about five minutes ago." Chiron's eyebrows rose up to his hairline. "A prophecy? Well, that is important news, all right. How did the prophecy go Travis?" "Err... something about... about the weather;