Hey! It's November 7th once again, so I thought I'd continue in my 'tradition' of posting PJatO/HoO stories on this day with this (kinda long) Percabeth one-shot. A huge thank you belongs to ladymarvel87 for making sure this story is fit to be released publicly. And also to Rick Riordan for creating (and still owning) this universe for us, fanfiction authors, to play around in. "…so, that should be everything. You've got my number, just in case. Again, I'm really grateful you've agreed to do this; I don't know what I would've done if not for you." The speaker sighed. "Well, I'm going. I'll be right back, hopefully..." The clutter of heels against a hard floor was cut off when the front door closed softly behind the speaker. There was the clicking sound of a key turning in a lock, followed shortly by an elevator descending towards the ground floor. Annabeth blinked once. Two times. It made no difference. Stubbornly, her eyes kept presenting her with a sight she knew couldn't be real – but somehow seemed to be. The last thing she remembered was falling asleep. At home, in her bed, snuggled under the blanket in a way Percy always made fun out of her for. Now, she found herself standing in the middle of the entrance hall of an apartment she was certain she didn't live in. And, she'd just been asked to do something she didn't know about, as her consciousness hadn't found it convenient to wake her up before the instructions were explained. Just her luck. Annabeth wasn't a sleep walker. She liked the comfort of her bed too much to abandon it in the middle of the night just to burgle her way into a random neighbor's apartment. No; she was certain that however she'd gotten there, she hadn't gone willingly. She pinched her arm, hissing involuntarily when the pinch hurt more than she'd expected. In the back of her mind, she told herself to cut her nails when she'd have the chance, but the bigger part of her brain was preoccupied by the fact that she'd hurt at all, ruling out the possibility of a bizarre demigod dream. She must've been kidnapped somehow and kept unconscious for some time, which was emphasized by the fact that the clock by the door said 3:27 PM. There was no way she'd slept for fifteen hours straight. Although how it was possible she'd woken standing upright, she had no idea. And also, how had the woman not noticed she'd been talking to an unconscious person the whole time? Yes, there was the possibility that the words had been directed at someone else, but Annabeth felt they were addressed to her. No matter the fact that it seemed she was the only person in the apartment. She'd been kidnapped. Annabeth hated the thought. After the Titans, after the Giants, she couldn't bear the thought of another enemy on the rise. Was there even anyone left? Someone even more terrible, dangerous and set on destroying humanity than the ones she'd already faced? The sad thing was; Annabeth thought she wouldn't even be surprised if it was true. They'd been through so much, she and Percy, that she sometimes found herself disliking the years of relative peace they'd been having. She was constantly on her toes, trying to spot traces of a disaster before it crashed onto her with the force unlike anything she'd ever faced before. Because the Fates, who she was convinced were evil, couldn't possibly have burned out in their attempts to make her life as insane as possible. Not after Setne, and not after she'd found out a half of her family was associated with yet another bunch of deities. Like Greeks and Romans weren't enough; let's throw some Egyptians and Norwegians into the goulash! Why on Earth would we not? She'd let herself believe once. When Kronos had been defeated and she'd gotten together with Percy, everything had seemed so perfect, and she'd thought it had been all over. For four months, and then Percy had been taken away. Her dreams had been in ruins, the disbelief and desperation worse than anything she'd ever felt. She was determined not to make the same mistake again. And now, after two years of quiet, she'd been kidnapped. Could that be a trigger for another war? There was no doubt Percy would try to find her and they'd face it together, just like they'd faced everything else. But if they made it through, what world would they wake up to? After the destruction of the two previous wars, could the world survive a third, or they'd end up like two Robinsons, lost in a wasteland that once used to be their planet? Speaking of, Annabeth had to contact Percy; let him know where she was and that she was okay. She was certain he must've been going out of his mind – she'd gained a good enough picture of that when Thalia had retold her all the juicy details of her quest to free Artemis. And while Annabeth enjoyed messing with Percy a lot (well, until he got back at her, but that was only the more reason to repay him later, really), there were boundaries for their teasing and a kidnapping was well past them. Standing in the entrance hall, there were four doors in Annabeth's sight. One, on her left, was the one the mysterious woman had locked her behind, stuck in the apartment with a task Annabeth still hadn't figured out. Out of the remaining three, two were embedded in the wall next to each other; the closer one to Annabeth was partly open. No light shone through the narrow gap, but Annabeth caught a faint smell of wet towels and laundry detergent, indicating a bathroom. Bathroom. Water. Iris message. Annabeth surged forward, her eyes scanning the room for any danger. The shower head was lying down in the shower instead of being stuck in the holder – maybe the signs of a struggle having taken place. One of the two towels was askew; calculating the forces operating on it, Annabeth found it a miracle that it hadn't fallen down yet - an ominous sign. An empty toothpaste tube was lying on the floor next to the bin – a clue of something, certainly. Only when Annabeth peeked carefully into the washing machine to check for anything suspicious inside and came out finding nothing did she admit to herself that maybe, just maybe, she was being a teensy bit paranoid. She reached into her pocket for a drachma to use and uttered a curse. Conveniently, whoever had transported her there hadn't bothered changing her out of her sleeping clothes, which meant all she was dressed in was an old t-shirt (Percy's) and panties (not Percy's), both happily pocketless. No money, no weapons and almost naked; Annabeth could hardly imagine better conditions for being stranded at an unknown place. (Note the sarcasm. After so many years of knowing Percy, Annabeth thought herself quite versed at the art.) Annabeth skimmed the bathroom again on the off-chance some deity had decided to blow her mind by hiding a drachma under the soap bar or something, but to no avail. The goddess of rainbows demanded payment for her service, and payment was something Annabeth did not have. A story crossed her mind, one of almost-exploding Ding Dongs and rainbow-colored purses (oh, sorry, masculine accessory bags ), where Percy had told her that these days, Iris' assistants did most of the work when it came to messaging. He'd… what had he said? Oh Fleecy, do me a solid? Maybe this Fleecy wasn't a full-on goddess, but sadly, the tube of toothpaste was the closest thing to a drachma Annabeth had, and she didn't suppose Fleecy would find it a sufficient replacement. More likely she would think Annabeth was assuming things about her dental hygiene; with magical beings, one never knew. Annabeth didn't particularly want to risk obtaining her own personal raincloud from a P.O.-ed nymph (Follows You Everywhere – Just Like in Cartoons!), so she abandoned the idea of Iris. It was all well, though, for her misfortune brought her to another possibility of maintaining contact with Percy; one not needing drachmas. 'If my pants haven't been transported, they should still be where I left them,' Annabeth speculated. She recalled the image of her jeans thrown carelessly on the ground by the bed, back when she'd dared to believe she'd be able to put them back on when she woke up. 'Which means my phone should be in my pocket. So if I call myself, Percy or someone else should hear it.' She spared a small smile at the mirror above the washbasin and saw her reflection nod. 'Now, where could I find a phone…?' Annabeth was no fool; she didn't expect to find a mobile just lying around. She hoped the apartment would have a landline, though – but certainly not in the bathroom. Basic safety, no electronics in the shower and all that. A chuckle escaped Annabeth's mouth when she remembered Jason once saying he shouldn't shower because of that rule - and Piper's reaction to that statement. Under the threat of no kissing, Jason had reorganized his priorities quickly. Annabeth exited the bathroom and turned left, coming into what was obviously the sitting-slash-dining room. A small table covered with a flower-patterned tablecloth stood in the middle, between three normal chairs and one for babies. The furniture had not been bought together, Annabeth noticed immediately, for the table was made of much darker wood (walnut, she guessed), its legs adorned with old-stylish engraving, while the chairs were simple, probably made of spruce wood and looked cheap. On the left, an abstract painting whose author Annabeth couldn't guess hung above a worn-out sofa, whose material was stretched and contained creases from frequent sitting. On the right, a television box was enveloped by two bookshelves. Some of the titles seemed familiar, but finding out what they were wasn't on the top of Annabeth's priorities at the moment. It was right there, by the TV. The landline. At first, Annabeth's steps led right towards it, but then she halted. It did seem she was all alone in the apartment… but she had to be sure. She had to be certain where she was and what by her mom's olive tree was going on. Percy could wait half a minute. She peeked into the room branching on the left, by the sofa, behind a wooden arch. All her nerves were tingling, prepared to send her a signal to jump away at any movement, but none happened. The little kitchen was as calm as ever, only the faint ticking of the clock on the wall disrupting the quiet. She checked the cupboards, but neither the pots, nor cook books, spices or pizza trays proved to be hungry for demigod blood. In the pantry, oils and fruit preserves were slumbering, placated by the monotonous buzzing of the fridge. Slightly calmer, she entered the room on the right. Annabeth took a panicked step back and closed the door. Entered again. Realized she was really seeing what she was seeing. ' There's the mind-blowing moment I've been waiting for!' 'I forgot to check the door by the bathroom.' Strange how the human mind works when short-circuited. Like a procrastinating student using the pile of homework to balance out the table soccer, Annabeth began berating herself for overlooking the door, so she wouldn't have to focus on the insanity right in front of her eyes. What kind of girlfriend would she be if she hadn't seen Percy's embarrassing baby photos? She'd been through all the albums his mom had; she could picture the son of Poseidon at every age from zero to nineteen. During those long months when he'd been taken away by Her Bovine Majesty, photos were all she and Sally had had. They'd shared hours