Piper rarely missed breakfast. The one time she did, it had long-lasting consequences. It was still dark when her body woke her up, quite rudely if she might say so. She climbed out from under the covers, shivering from the sudden cold even though she had her 'winter' PJs on, and tip-toed to the bathroom. In retrospect, accepting Leo's stupid dare of drinking a whole bottle of Pepsi in under a minute probably hadn't been the best thing to do right before bed. Returning from the bathroom, she glanced at a digital clock by Mitchell's bed. 5:38. She could crawl back into her bed and hope for an additional hour or two of shut-eye – or she could already start the day. The first option sounded much more appealing, but Piper knew that if she managed to fall asleep, she'd feel groggy and cranky the whole morning. Besides, Lacy was going on and on about how she had taken up jogging and it was doing wonders to her thighs and butt… Not that Piper cared too much about that – she had enough ground to suspect Jason liked her butt the way it was – but she couldn't help but notice how much livelier Lacy seemed every time she'd go for a run. Running it was, then. Piper changed into something warm but comfortable to run in and stepped outside. Immediately, the temperature difference slapped her in the face; if crawling from under her covers felt chilly, it was positively freezing cold outside. She breathed on her hands and decided to grab a pair of gloves from her cabin. Much better. The camp was dark and seemed vacant. No one was outside, no light streamed from inside any cabin this early in the morning. Apollo and Artemis' cabins both shone dimly; the sunrise must've been not too far away. The area seemed strangely creepy in their combined glow, reminding her of some middle-of-the-night movie scenes, only illuminated enough to give the people a sense of what was going on. She remembered of one of such scenes, where her dad was ambushed in a dead-end alley by a trio of werewolves. She'd screamed in fright. (In her defense, she'd been six and shouldn't have been allowed to watch the movie at all.) She hoped no patrol harpies would play the part of the werewolves this time. Passing by the two largest cabins, Piper stopped, an idea making her grin. She raised her fist and – because why would you ever not wake your boyfriend up at the crack of dawn if you can? – hammered hard on his door. Jason was at the door in an instant and Piper had to jump to the side, not wishing to start her day by being skewered by a gladius. "Eep! Watch those sharp weapons!" "Piper?" He did a quick look around and, seeing there was no ambush like he'd apparently thought, lowered his sword. "Sorry about that. What's going on?" In that time, Piper's eyes had completed the survey of a just-woken-up Jason and it was all she could do not to break down laughing. His eyes, still sleep-glued, were struggling to stay open. He only had his right sock on and the sweater he'd thrown over his PJ was obviously backwards. As soon as he spoke, he had to put a hand (the swordless one) to his mouth to cover a gigantic yawn. It made her want to yawn with him. "I should be asking you that, Sparky," she said. It wasn't every day you got to see Jason look so… well… sloppy. "What do you mean? Is it…" A look of realization crossed his face. "Oh, gods. It's our weekiversary today. I'm so sorry; I forgot. Please, can you-" Was it? Piper counted the days in her head. It actually was their weekiversary; their third! She hadn't even realized. But as adorable as Jason was at the moment, she felt compelled to stop him before he could start begging her not to break up with him over it or something silly like that. Like she'd ever! "Wait wait wait! Hold on, that's not it. You're just a fashion statement, that's all." Jason looked down at himself. A faint blush appeared on his cheeks. "I was in a hurry; I thought we're under attack." "Yeah… sorry, I should've chosen a better way." "No matter. I guess you didn't wake me up only for that?" "Nope. We're going jogging, Sparky." "We are…?" "Yup. So get dressed up if you don't wanna freeze out here!" After a short staredown between the couple, Jason seemed to realize Piper was serious about it and disappeared inside the cabin. It took him quite a while – Piper thought he was probably doing it on purpose as payback for waking him up – but eventually, he emerged and they could set off at a brisk pace. The air was crisp, every intake of air making Piper's lungs feel like refrigerators. Their shoes were leaving green footprints in the rime-covered grass. Her breath was coming out in little puffs and clouds; teasingly, Jason called her a locomotive. Piper quickly retaliated with a name of her own; with his face glowing red like he was a child of Apollo and not Zeus in addition to the huffing and puffing, wasn't he just the perfect steamer? She was aware she wasn't much better off herself, her cheeks positively burning, but that was just the boiler in her case. Yeah. Definitely… Speaking of Apollo, the orange hue on the eastern horizon was getting progressively thicker and shinier as they were running. Around the forge and the Big House; up Half-Blood Hill and back; along the beach to the mouth of Zephyros… when the sun was just about to rise, Piper and Jason reached the top of one of the smaller hills above the amphitheater. "Can we take a little break?" Jason suggested, panting. "I'm all for it," Piper agreed, equally out of breath, her hands on her knees. Forget the lively Lacy; Piper's muscles were burning with exhaustion and her forehead was drenched in sweat. Then again, Lacy probably didn't have company on her jogs whom she'd tease by speeding up every once in a while. A bit faster… and again, just a bit… and a little bit more… after an hour or so of that, Piper was under the impression that her legs would like nothing more than detach themselves from her body. She wondered if Chiron would let her borrow his wheelchair in that case. They sat down and snuggled as close to each other as possible for warmth, ignoring the fact that both of them were sweaty and probably didn't smell all that good. Jason wrapped an arm around Piper's shoulders and pulled her close; she put her head on his shoulder. In this half-embrace, they shared the peaceful moment of watching a February sunrise together. "This is so beautiful," Piper whispered, and didn't only mean the sunrise. She craned her neck and planted a short, sweet kiss on Jason's reddened cheek. One thing led to another… and the little break turned out to be not so little in the end. Between the kissing, drawing pictures in rime, guess-what-I'm-thinking games and general teasing and lighthearted banter, time passed by very quickly. In fact… "Piper? Jason? Is that you guys?" Hearing Annabeth's voice seemed to bring the couple out of the bubble they'd been stuck in, staring into each other's eyes. "Annabeth, hey!" Piper gave her friend a wave. "Up here!" Annabeth climbed up the hill while casually taking bites out of a PB&J sandwich she was holding in her hand. "I haven't seen you at breakfast," she commented. "Is this where you've been?" "Breakfast?" Jason frowned. "Has it already begun?" "Um… Jason, it's almost over." "What's the time?" "About quarter to nine." "Quarter to what? " Piper yelped. She looked at the sky, the Dining Pavilion jostling with activity, and finally at the half-eaten sandwich in Annabeth's hands. She shot up to her feet. "Please tell me there are still some of those left." Annabeth looked sheepish. "I'm afraid this was the last one, Piper." "Crap. In that case… in that case, thanks for being so nice and saving it for me!" "What? I didn't- Hey! " Annabeth exclaimed, but Piper was already sprinting away, holding the sandwich she'd nicked from Annabeth's hands like a trophy. To her, it sort of was. "Thank you again!" Piper yelled back, her voice shaking slightly every time her foot hit the ground. Annabeth's gray eyes narrowed in cold concentration. "Oh, it's so on." Jason, still sitting on the ground, knew very well the look wasn't meant for him. That didn't stop him from gulping in nervousness. Piper rarely missed lunch, too. However, feeling apprehensive about the looks Annabeth had been shooting her the whole morning, she opted for waiting out the lunch period in Bunker 9 with Leo. The son of Hephaestus spent most days holed up in the woods, working on the ship to carry them on their journey to Camp Jupiter, the exception being occasions like the previous evening and the truth or dare Piper still thought she shouldn't have got caught up in. Still, it wasn't healthy to spend so much time alone (in her opinion, Buford didn't really count as company) and her job as his friend was to change that – and maybe help around somehow if she could. Also, she wanted to give him a piece of her mind about her unplanned alarm that morning. In order not to have their main hope of reclaiming Percy Jackson back starving, Chiron had worked out a deal with Leo. Every meal over which he'd stay working in the bunker, as long as he announced it in advance, a nymph would bring him packed food he'd eat at his convenience. Piper suspected it was a pretext for flirting with the girls. This time, though, she'd stopped by the kitchen and chatted her way to an extra portion of lunch being brought to the bunker. Safety first, after all. Leo looked surprised to see her ("Beauty Queen! What brings you to the Leo Cave?") but didn't mind, even though he didn't let her touch anything potentially dangerous… which basically left her standing in the middle of a corridor. While he was working, creating a small prototype for the ballistae he planned to put on deck, he was eagerly explaining all his newest additions and visions for the ship. Piper could hardly recognize the language as English, but she humored him. He needed someone to talk to, and she'd rather it be her than inanimate objects. The bunker door creaked. Because normally, only a fire user could open it, Leo had installed a little device to allow other people entrance. This device was set into the door on the inside and made it visible on the outside. Leo tended to remove the device temporarily when he wished not to be disturbed or when the temperature inside exceeded 200 degrees. In his words, "If someone bakes in here, it just gives me more work to do." "Mr. Valdez? Your lunch is here," a girl's voice said. Piper and Leo were on the other side of the Argo, so they couldn't see the speaker. However, Piper didn't miss how Leo's eyes lit up at the words. " Mr. Valdez? " Piper didn't bother to stifle her grin. "Since when?" Leo rolled his eyes, fastening some bolts on the ballista; Piper understood enough to know he wanted to prevent the thing from shooting on its own. "I don't know how many times I have to tell-" he raised his voice, "I'll be right there! Just put it next to the maps, as always." "Of course, Mr. Valdez. It's a double portion today; are you feeling extra hungry?" Leo snorted. "I have a visitor," he called. He put down the two wrenches he'd been working