AN: I hope you all will enjoy the story, and I plan on making this a long-running one - seeing the characters grow into early adulthood. It would mean the world if you reviewed or came with ideas - I need all the inspiration i can get. I plan on making updates with a few days in between, so if you see mistakes(or things of that sort) I would appreciate if you would point it out. Happy reading! DISCLAIMER: I do not own Harry Potter. It belongs to J. K. Rowling. Son of Nefarious Hidden away, between mountains with bedrock-piercing roots, and beneath a clear turquoise sky, was an umber-brown, ancient forest. A young boy was maneuvering his way through dense bushes and stinging branches, that would no doubt harm him, though they didn't - because, you see: he knew every sprawling tree he passed from years of exploration and was like an experienced ballerina who knew her steps, traversing barefoot on the overgrown terrain with grace and great skill - dancing and jumping for just to turn at the right moment. He decided to venture deeper into the tangled heart of this primeval forest. He hoped that it would reveal more dark secrets to him. It reeked of age. Its woody incense was from centuries of snapping branches crashing to the forest's floor and rotting silently. The composting, organic smell rose up in waves like a miasma. Every sprawling tree he passed under reminded him of a watchful guardian, a silent sentinel of the groves. The further he went, the more mystical and spellbinding it became. Huge roots spread-eagled the ground, twisting like the great backs of dragons. The foliage became thick and lush, forming an arch of fairytale-green above his head. Arthritic boughs, gnarled with age, dropped their bounty of nuts onto the path - but he wasn't looking for nuts. Of all of the forests hidden treasures, he was looking for something far more valuable - and he was close. A troupe of shambling badgers crossed the winding trail in front of him at one point. They were finishing up their early morning foraging and looked startled to see him. He arrived at a wide glade, where the trees fell away, revealing the bespeckled sky. The last of the morning's stars were glinting like silver pin pricks, luminous and bright. An ore gold moon hung quietly in the distance, casting a honeyed sheen over the trees. The sweet smell of flowers overtook his senses. In the middle of the glow, encircled by blue tulips was the price for his early-morning expedition. Amidst the blue, a lonely white flower bloomed - an Asphodel. "Found you," the boy whispered as went down on his knees, pulled out a small pocketknife, and carefully cut the herb just above its roots. "Aunty is just gonna love you," he said as he placed it in a small leather bag that hung from his shoulder. Looking in the bag, he quickly went through the morning's catch: "Mushrooms check, Baneberries check, Lemongrass and Mint check," he smiled as he looked at the white petals, "and Asphodel check!" He closed the bag and turned around back home. The fluty piping of a songbird split the silence just as the forest became flooded with light. A fusillade of trilling and warbling detonated all around him as the primordial forest came alive with the troubadours of the trees. He darted between shafts of lustrous-gold light as he went, admiring the butterflies. Though the walk home could easily take an hour, he soon found himself humming in a musical trance caused by the score of birdsong, and the young boy discovered that he was in a familiar clearing. Surrounded by overgrown green, the weather-beaten slate cottage sat at the far end of a just as overgrown lawn. Wood silvered by the sun. Roof shingles warped. Small stands of plantain and giant bird-of-paradise for privacy. The house's roof was green with moss and caved in at one place. The windows were dark and gray with dirt while ivy would cling to the outer walls. Around it had unkempt undergrowth as if the house had grown up from the very earth. He was feeling the familiar soil in between his toes for just a moment and taking the scent in, for then to run to the door. "Aunty, Aunty! You awake yet?" Inside was gray streaks of black across the walls as mold from the damp nights had begun to seep in. Flaking speckles of paint lined the floor with dust and the corpses of unfortunate creatures. The disused wooden furniture was rotting; stained with linchen while the curtains hanged limp and moth-eaten. The place felt still, heavy with expectation and foreboding waiting for one more lifeform to creak across the worn wooden floorboards. "Aunty!" the boy yelled furrowing his brow and stamping his foot, breaking the unnatural silence that resided. He looked up into the darkened stairway for a moment, but without a reply, went forward into the kitchen. A peculiar stench, the boy had grown accustomed to, filled the kitchen - even though it didn't resemble any common pantry. Uncleaned cauldrons in different sizes; stacked in unorderly fashion in a corner - one still dripping reddish goo on the floor. On the counter, vials and jars stacked with strange and otherworldly herbs and animal parts and the refrigerator stood open - letting the stink attract flies and insects. The only neat and clean section was on top the oven, where a single bronze-colored cauldron - not much bigger than a salad bowl - stood simmering. The boy, however, was unaffected by the spectacle and though the floor was sticky and cold, continued barefoot over to the stove and pushed some molded bread onto the floor to make room for his bag on the counter. "I'm just going to start without you then!" the boy yelled over his shoulder as he started to unpack the herbs. When he had laid everything out neatly, and opened an additional jar of what looked like black walnuts, he started to stir in the ingredients. After a little while, he got up on his toes and looked down. "Red... that means," he said for then to plop a sprig of mint in. "Orange, that's better, but..." he looked under the cauldron, and only a single piece of firewood remained in the oven, "... you need more fire." He took a small step back, neverminding that he felt himself step on something squishy, and leveled his arms in front of him. He squeezed his eyes together as he concentrated on the prickling feeling flowing into his arms and hands. Fire , he thought squeezing tighter, more fire! An ear-splitting noise made him open his eyes to see an ascending collum of fire continue up through the stove, past the cauldron, and up into the ceiling. "Argh, not again!" The heat was intense and he took a step backward for just to slip, and land on his bum, "Argh!" he yelled as he closed his eyes again. "Less fire, less fire!" The roaring sound stopped and he opened his eyes - the fire had calmed down. He clenched the bridge of his nose and got up on his toes again. "Still orange..." he sighed "... thank Merlin!" He moved over to the doorway. "No need to help me or anything! Everything's under control!" he yelled, and made his way back to the stove - he did not really expect an answer anyways. From far above, one could theorize that somebody had made a fireworks display in the midst of the forest - for, during the rest of the day, purple and blue smoke, as well as the occasional golden sparks, could be seen rising from the treetops. But as soon as night came, the show seized. The hills and trees that lie friendly in the day - like the pillows of the land - are darkly ominous by night. The paths that were illuminated just hours before become lost in a blackness that even moonlight cannot help. After weeks of preparation, and a great deal of trial and error, the potion was finally finished. This will work, I'm sure of it! the boy thought as he emptied the content of the cauldron into a small hip-flask. "Aunty Aunty!" he yelled positively as he skipped up the darkened stairs, hearing the floorboards squeak under him. "I've got it now, don't you worry!" He arrived at the second floor and stood still for a moment to let his eyes get used to the dark - it was very dark. He could hear faint movements in the walls, but the smell of rat feces he had gotten used to. The only really bothersome thing about the second floor was dust floating in the air and coating his tongue. He coughed a few times and tried to hold a hand in front of his mouth. "Aunty?" he said muffled through his fingers, moving steadily down the hall. He had to look down to avoid stepping into a hole and landing a floor below, but thankfully he almost knew the house as well as the woods. He quickly made his way and pushed open Aunty's chamber-door - it creaked loudly, but it was still the only sound to be heard. He felt a musty, dank odor creep into his nose - it was dead silent. The moonlight somehow made it within the dirty window, and he could see black and brown mold dotted the ceiling in clusters, evident of the rain seeping through the roof. The soft light made the outline of a person laying in a bed barely visible. "Aunty, I've worked all week on this one - I know this one will work," he said with forced self-assurance and made his way to her bedside. He sat slowly down on her sheets and could see specs of dust fly up and dance in the blueish light. He took hold of her hand and clenched it. "I know it'll work, like in the fairytale - you remember?" Her skin felt tight and leathery, but he gripped it harder yet. "The one about the evil hag who was jealous of the King's daughter and tainted a spindle with a Draught of Living Death. She tricked the young princess into pricking her finger on it, sending her into a deep sleep," he stopped for then to break out in a big smile, "Her plan was foiled, however, by a wizard who smeared his lips with Wiggenweld Potion, and then kissed the princess, curing her and bringing her out of the sleep!" He took the hip-flask from his pocket. "This here!" he said wriggling the flask about her head, "This is Wiggenweld Potion... I made it!" There was no reaction from Aunty, but he boldly uncorked the bottle and moved closer to her face. It was hard to see, but it looked as though her skin had sunken in further than yesterday - he still tried to smile. "Open up now Aunty," he said whilst thoughtfully tipping her chin, letting her mouth open. He then tilted the bottle and the thin substance flowed, reflecting the moonlight - looking almost radiant. When it was empty he closed her mouth again. "Come on, come on..." he whispered with clenched teeth. "Wake up, come on..." Seconds went by, "won't you please wake up now... wake up..." Seconds became minutes, "please... please wake up..." Minutes became hours, "I don't understand... I don't understand why you won't wake up... wake up..." He laid there in the dim moonlight, by her side, all through the silent night - crying and sobbing in frustration, and thinking about what more he could do. He didn't understand what was wrong with Aunty and was not ready to give up yet. He was up early the very next day, as he had done many times before; searching for herbs in the forest