*Disclaimer* I do not own LOTR Lauren grabbed onto the reigns tighter as she sped the horse underneath her into a faster canter. Her coach, standing in the middle of the ring, was shouting instructions as Lauren was cantering around the outside of the arena. "Go around once more then start making figure eights to work on your lead changes." Nodding in affirmation, Lauren started to get her body in the position for a circle. As she came through the middle, she threw her weight to the other side and pushed the horse in the other direction. Lauren did this a few more times before her coach told her to go cool-off the horse in the woods out back. She loved taking the horse on the trails through the woods behind the ranch, even if the woods were only about 5 acres or so. Lauren wrapped the reins around the horn of the saddle so she could fix her light brown hair, that was the only bad thing about windy days, some way or another her hair would manage to fly in front of her face. As she was guiding the horse up the trail, she felt a strong gust of wind push her and the horse back. In an attempt to shield her eyes from the debris, she raised her free hand to guard her eyes as her horse fidgeted and whinnied. When Lauren opened her green eyes she was in a dense forest, she was 100% positive that the forest behind the stables was not this dense, moreover, where were all the piles of wood and the houses that edged the small forest? "Oh, no, this does not seem good. What do you think boy?" Lauren leaned forward to stroke the horse's neck. Her horse sniffed the air and seemed to take a deep breath and let it out in a frustrated sigh. Great, even the horse doesn't know where we are. Now I am in charge of the horse considering I have no idea where we are but it sure as hell ain't home. As Lauren was figuring out what she should do, she saw a white horse dart in and out of trees with a small person on it that looked vaguely familiar. However, the nine black riders following him were even more familiar. "Lord of the Rings… really? Maybe they're just actors reenacting the skit. Hopefully they can help me." She kicked the horse with her spurs to catch up to them. Of course, she had no problem catching up, her horse just loved a chase and her horse wasn't a pony either, that'd be a huge understatement. When she caught up to them two of the black riders looked back and shrieked. Her horse feinted to the left, away from the riders, in fear. Thinking quickly Lauren pushed her horse forward so she was even with whom she had to assume was Frodo, or the person reenacting Frodo. "Frodo Baggins?" The person looked over at Lauren with weary eyes. Eyes that had seen true pain; this was not a reenactment. Lauren had to think quickly. "Hurry, we must cross the water!" The hobbit just looked at her with a dazed look. Lauren knew that Frodo would get across in time but the horse he was on looked like it was about to collapse. Lauren made her horse sidestep closer to Frodo then she grabbed and hauled him onto her horse. Feeling like a cowgirl in western, she spurred her horse even more, calling out to the horse as a cowboy would. "Heya! Faster Sundance, faster!" The horse was used to this command from lessons and started to gallop faster. Although it was cruel of her, Lauren completely forgot about the other horse when she noticed that the black riders were actually gaining. They had copied Lauren and spurred their horses into a gallop as well. When Lauren noticed their increased speed, she cursed in Japanese and started to weave in and out of the trees. Cake, just like at the rodeo. Sundance was cutting around the trees as if they were barrels and somehow they managed to gain speed on their adversaries. Finally, they reached the water and Lauren squeezed with her legs to let her horse know that he was to cross the water. After crossing the water, she took a chance at turning her head and noticed that the black riders were being washed away down the river. Thanks Lord Elrond and Gandalf. Lauren was not quite sure where Rivendell was exactly, which was a big problem, the books really weren't specific. Sundance was out of breath and sweating so Lauren brought him down to a slow walk, the immediate threat was gone and they could relax for the moment. It wasn't long before a group of elves came up to her, weapons at the ready. Lauren held up her hands in defense. "This is the Ring bearer; he was stabbed by a Morgul blade and needs the assistance of Lord Elrond. If you wish it I will remain here but I ask that I be allowed to walk my horse back down the path to help him cool off, you may accompany me if you so choose." The elves quickly took Frodo from Lauren and only two elves remained behind with her. She smiled at them and bowed from her waist. "My name is Lauren, may I ask your names?" "I am called Nendur and this is Elyadon. You mentioned walking your horse?" Lauren nodded in affirmation. "If it is alright, he cools off quicker if he walks around slowly. Would you fine Elves care to join me?" The elves followed Lauren back down to the river and they went up and down the path a few more times before Sundance's breathing was stable. "I thank you very much for letting me tend to my horse. I know you have been with me this whole time but you don't happen to know what will become of me by any chance do you?" Elyadon looked up at Lauren with a smile, she just had that effect on people. "Lord Elrond is not cruel, although he will most likely want to discuss with you why you were so close to our lands. We will wait for a message from him." Lauren nodded as she dismounted. It was fair that Elrond would want to know why a human was by his borders. She will tell him the truth, it really couldn't hurt, but she just wouldn't tell him that this world is just a story in her world, plus her clothing kind of made her stick out. She doubted that Aragorn would be wearing jeans anytime soon. If I even meet Galadriel then I think I should tell her everything… she might know even now. Valar help me if that is the case. After a moment of thinking she began to take the saddle off her horse, it wasn't fair that the heavy saddle remain on him when he wasn't being ridden. She plopped the saddle off to the side and began running her fingers through the damp fur where the saddle was. Sundance looked back and lightly nudged Lauren in what she assumed was thanks. Lauren smiled, ever since they came here Sundance seemed to be happier and he listened to her more; Lauren wasn't complaining. A few minutes passed and, in a silent rustle of leaves, another elf appeared with news from Lord Elrond. He didn't speak in Common and eyed Lauren with suspicion. As they spoke, Lauren put the saddle back on Sundance but she didn't tighten the girth all the way. "What does Lord Elrond wish me to do?" "Against most wishes, he has welcomed you to our city and says that you are to be properly fed and clothed… as well as your horse. He thanks you for coming to the aid of the halfling." Sundance seemed be offended by the remark about being properly dressed and he stopped his foot to show it. Lauren placed her hand on Sundance's neck to try to calm him down. "Very well then, should we leave before it gets to dark? No wood is safe in these times anymore I fear." The group left to the city and, as she was told, Sundance was given food, drink, and a stable. After making sure that everything was in order with Sundance's provisions the elves led Lauren to her room where a tray of food and a bath was waiting, as well as a few articles of clothing. Once the Elven men left, Lauren took off her clothes and stepped into the bath. It felt nice and it relaxed her muscles. She noticed what seemed to be shampoo in a small vial next to the bath so she lathered her hair with it and finished washing. Once she was dried, Lauren looked at the clothes, they certainly weren't her normal style but, when in Rome. After dressing in the gown, Lauren slowly opened her door and peeked out the door. She wasn't quite sure what do to. Feeling brave, she opened the door fully and stepped out into the hallway as she took a bite of an apple. She started to slowly walk down the hallway looking at the building and absorbing everything she could. She was so wrapped up in the ceiling's intricate architecture that she didn't notice that the hallway had opened up into something like a living room. The brightness of the ceiling drew her attention to her surroundings. The hallway wasn't this bright… oh, well not being in the hallway anymore would explain that. Lauren laughed to herself but it was stopped short when she realized she wasn't alone. There, sitting alone against the wall was Aragorn himself. Lauren let her jaw go slack for a moment as she processed this new information. Yes, she knew she was in Middle Earth, but Aragorn. He was future King of Gondor, and he was just plain awesome. She bowed low before him and blushed. "I'm sorry for the intrusion my Lord, it seems my mind was elsewhere and I have made myself lost." Aragorn smiled warmly at her as he lifted himself from his sitting position and walked over to her. Lauren realized that she was still as short as she was back in her old home. Well that was a downer make no mistake about that. "It is quite alright; these halls are somewhat like a maze and are quite something to look at. Were you the one who helped my friend earlier?" Lauren blushed as she looked down at her feet. "Yes my Lord. How does the Halfling fair?" Aragorn eyed her slightly, he didn't want to be rude but he had heard that she knew what ailed Frodo. She was most definitely not around when Frodo was wounded, however she seemed honest enough, he would ask her outright. "He is on the mend, how is it you knew what ailed him?" Lauren cursed in her head. How on Earth was she going to patch this up? Oh she got herself into a pretty pickle, yes she did. Just when Lauren was going to make up some story Lord Elrond walked around the corner and called out to them. "Hello my friends; Aragorn I see you have meet Lauren." A look of shock flickered though Lauren's eyes. How did he know her name? Then again, this was Elrond she was talking about, she shouldn't question the breadth his knowledge. "Lord Elrond, I will answer any and all questions you have to the best of my knowledge and thank you for your hospitality, it is much appreciated." Lauren bowed deeply before him and Elrond let out a small laugh. "For a human who does not know our ways you seem to be versed in the way of politeness. Now come, we will go to more private quarters to discuss the matter