A/N – So, I've had a couple of stalled plot bunnies for a while. It was my intention to never post a WIP again after Volturi B&B took much longer than I intended to complete. However, I realized I had to give myself some stakes to keep myself motivated. Please consider these heart-felt, honest warnings: Warning #1: If you can't deal with infrequent updates or works-in-progress in general, please close this story now and walk away. I don't want to upset anyone, and will mark this story complete when I get there. Warning #2: This story is AU-Canon with a Bella and Carlisle pairing. If this is not your cup of tea, close the story now and forget it exists. Chapter One As I entered the coffee shop, the first set of eyes I met were the cold dark ones belonging to the mounted deer head on the wall. The same ones that had watched over the long Formica counter for over twenty years. I tipped my hat in friendly greeting to my old friend after making sure humans were currently distracted in conversation. He and I had engaged in many silent conversations over the hundreds of times I had visited the diner, almost every day for the past two years and the same several decades before. I imagined this deer had lived a life that was similar to mine. We were both in our current, bloodless, lifeless, state due to an unexpected attack. We both wondered what meaning we could assign to our fates. We both watched over the humans of Forks the best we could, and we both worried about our sons who had left us to explore the world on their own. Of course, the life of my antlered confidant had also included a mate before his child was born. The unpleasant bitterness of my jealousy helped ease the guilt I felt when I considered that if I had met the deer, or his fawn while they were living, they could have ended up being my meal, as opposed to my friends. At least they would have had companionship with like-creatures while they lived. If they had lost a member of their family, their grief would have lasted only a few years at most. I was not so fortunate. My Edward had been my only companion, the only soul I'd truly loved, and still loved. And, he had been gone seventy-eight years, four months, ten days, four hours, and (I glanced at the clock opposite the deer's head) twenty-eight minutes, forty-one seconds. "That's a long time not to be with your child," Cora, the waitress said in a sympathetic tone. If my heart had been beating, the shock would have stopped it. I turned away from the glass eyes of the deer head, expecting to see the woman speaking to me. I let out a slow breath when I realized she was actually talking to Charlie Swan, the town's chief of police. Charlie was sitting on his usual stool, about three feet down the counter. He grumbled, but the ever-present and familiar expression of loss I was used to seeing on his face was replaced by a wide smile under his thick mustache. "I hope she likes what we did with her room," he replied, avoiding Cora's implied invitation to talk about his feelings. "Sue Clearwater helped me pick out a new bedspread. It's purple, because that's Isabella's favorite color." Cora smiled and was about to say more, when she glanced up to see me waiting at the counter. Blood drained from her cheeks, though most humans wouldn't notice on her cocoa-colored skin. I smiled warmly to keep the secret of how frightened she had become, not wanting to embarrass herself or draw the chief's attention. "Dr. Cullen," she said, her voice wavering a bit. "You want the usual?" "Yes, please, Cora," I replied politely. "To go, of course." "Of course," she nodded and hurried away to give the order of my usual breakfast sandwich to the cook. This would take longer than usual, because I could smell the mixture of tobacco and fresh air coming from the back door, signifying he had stepped outside to have a smoke. Even though Cora would be anxious to get me on my way, there was no rushing a nicotine addicted short-order cook. And so the two most private men in this tiny town were left alone. Surprisingly, it wasn't me who first broke the awkward silence. "I'm heading down to Port Angeles," Charlie Swan's voice was half a decibel louder than he usually spoke. I wondered if it was because he couldn't hide his excitement, or if he was trying to make up for the few feet of space between us. "Isabella's flying in from Phoenix today." I returned his warm smile, answering with a light teasing tone "Is that today?" Charlie nodded, his eyes shining. He gestured to the empty stool beside him, and I took his invitation to sit, though I usually just stood to wait for my breakfast order. "I'm so happy for you, Chief," I told him with complete sincerity. "Thanks, doc," he answered. But, his smile slowly fell. "I just hope she'll like it here. Forks is pretty different from Phoenix, and she hasn't been back for years. The last few times I've seen her, we went on vacation to places that were a little sunnier." It warmed my dead heart to have his confidence. Though I believed Charlie accepted me more fully than most of the humans around town, he didn't share his feelings often. Most of our conversations were business related such as when my work at the hospital intersected with law enforcement. I realized then that he might regard me as I did him, a man with a common purpose, even if he didn't know my true motivation. "You said it was her idea to come live with you, didn't you?" I offered. Charlie nodded, but the reminder didn't seem to ease his worries. The lines around his eyes deepened as his lips pulled into a straight line. "It was her idea, but to be honest, I'm not sure if she's doing it for herself or to make Renee and me happy. Isabella didn't mention it, but I know she's giving up a lot to come here." "Like what," I prompted, relishing in the connection Charlie was offering with the insight into not just his life, but his daughter's. "Is she leaving a lot of friends?" I considered the possible sacrifices of a teenage girl in the early twenty-first century. "A boyfriend?" Charlie scowled deeply at this idea. "Thankfully, no," he grumbled. "Renee's always complaining about how Isabella doesn't seem interested in dating. I can't say I mind that very much." I laughed before I could stop myself, but when Charlie's scowled deepened, and he gazed at me sharply, I sobered. "Sorry," I said, meaning it. "I obviously don't know what it's like to have a teenaged girl to worry about." The memory of Edward politely declining the advances of one of the female vampires we had met while traveling together flashed in my mind, but I blinked it away. "Consider yourself very fortunate on that front," Charlie grumbled. "If Bella were more like Renee and less like me, I'd be worried about the friends and…" he gulped before continuing in a tone that sounded like the word left a horrible bitter taste in his mouth, "boys." "So, what are you worried about her giving up?" I asked. Charlie shrugged, looking down at his coffee and not at me. "She had a lot more academic opportunities at her high school than she'll probably have here. And she really liked her job at the library. I already asked, and the North Olympic Library doesn't have any part-time openings." "I thought they were always looking for volunteers?" I asked, wishing that the cook who was now preparing my egg sandwich would take more time. "They are looking for volunteers," Charlie answered, emphasizing the last word. "But Isabella wants to find a paying job so she can save for college. I told her she doesn't need to worry about that, but she's smart enough to know that Renee and I don't have a lot of money to help her with that. She'll probably end up working some job she'll hate at Newton Outfitters because that's the only place hiring nearby." My silent heart ached for this father's plight. Though I had no doubt he'd sacrifice anything for his daughter's happiness, some things were out of a parents control. "Maybe something else will turn up," I offered, my mind going in a million directions, one of which was noticing the sounds of waxed paper being wrapped around the egg sandwich I would never eat. Cora re-entered the dining room and Charlie's worried expression quickly transformed into a passing imitation of the glowing happy smile he had worn when she left. I slipped into my part as I slid off the stool and walked back to the cash register. I was courteous but reserved as I handed over the money, careful not to make skin contact. I could hear her breath of relief as I began to push open the door to leave. But a moment later, we both stopped as I turned back and once again sat on the stool next to Charlie. He turned his head, eyebrows raised in silent question. I cleared my throat and fidgeted, the nervous affectations coming naturally after centuries of practice. "I was just thinking, Charlie," I started. "There may be a job at the hospital your daughter might enjoy more than working at Newton Outfitters." ~One week later~ The awkward footsteps I heard squeaking down the linoleum floor stopped outside my office. I turned away from the Hassan painting I'd been staring at for the last hour and started to get up from my desk. I was just about to put my hand on the doorknob when I realized that the young woman now standing outside still hadn't knocked. I could hear her whispering to herself through the layers of plywood and paint that secured the privacy of my office. "You made it, it's okay. There's no blood here, it's an office, not an ER. You can do this. You won't have to smell any blood." She chanted. I allowed myself a small laugh, well below human hearing. It was rather cute listening to Isabella Swan's private pep talk. Charlie had warned me that his daughter had spent a good deal of time in hospitals as she was severely accident prone. Yet, her greatest fear was blood, and it had taken many assurances that the research job I was offering would keep her well away from any red fluids that would make her queasy. Then I realized there was something odd about one of her statements. She had assured herself she wouldn't have to smell blood. Humans were often afraid of seeing blood, or even feeling it, but the smell didn't register to their less sensitive senses; that delicious aroma had been one of the most difficult obstacles to my becoming a doctor. It had taken me centuries of practice to build up my immunity to the thirst. Finally, the sound of delicate knuckles meeting my door in three short taps sounded. I counted silently to myself, waiting the time it would have taken for me to stand and cross the office at human speed, then opened the door with a welcoming smile. The sight that greeted me on the other side of my door made me thankful that I didn't need oxygen, for it was suddenly impossible to breathe. Isabella Swan was the epitome of feminine beauty as it was defined in my human life: youthful, softly curved, pale, and innocent. Her white cheeks were flushed with the most delicious blush. Incredibly warm chocolate eyes widened as she took me in, then quickly dropped toward her shoes,