A/N – The amazing Sunflower Fran had a plot bunny for the May to December Romance contest and trusted me to work with her on it. This was my first collaboration and Fran's first story, so I'm super proud of it. Our beta was Mr. LPB. Thanks to everyone who read, reviewed, and voted for us. I stand at the end of the ornately-carved, four-poster bed, one finger tracing the swirling vines and flowers in Oak relief as the other smooths non-existent wrinkles from the soft flowing silk over my hip. The ivory sheath may well be white with heat from the gaze of the man who rests there, his hands folded behind his head, an impressive tent pitched in his boxers. "Beautiful," he whispers, the voice caressing the word with a lilt and syllabic emphasis as unique to me as the husky growl I've learned to recognize as his intense desire. "Tell me what you want, Mr. Cullen," I encourage, wanting to prolong these moments of anticipation for both of us. "You, Baby Girl, only you," he speaks with more volume, sitting up a little more, leaning on one elbow as his eyes continue to trace every inch of my barely covered curves. "You know how long I've wanted you like this, don't try my patience or I may not be able to continue being such a gentleman." The way in which my body reacts makes me understand just how far he is able to bring me with just his voice alone. I've spent hours thinking about what makes it , what makes him , so irresistible. All I know is that only he has this effect on me. It's only him that excites me, him that makes me want to do things I had never considered before. I bite my lip to keep from saying something that would spoil this game we are playing. But I know he can see my body reacting to his words. I feel my nipples harden under his gaze and the thin fabric. My thigh muscles clench. "Isabella," he growls, breaking me out of my musing and back into the present that includes only us, barely clothed in a candle-lit room filled with the scent of multi-colored roses. "I can only control myself around you for so long; do you want me to lose control?" "Yes," I breathe. I could try to pretend, but both of us would know the truth. The heat that floods my cheeks and makes its way down to my chest, is one of desire, not deceit. "Is that so?" He says, rising from the bed. He steps across the room slowly, his movements, almost feline in their predatory grace. In the few seconds it takes him to reach me, I marvel at his perfection – the taut, perfectly defined muscles of his chest and legs; the way his bronze hair catches the candlelight; the face that takes my breath away. I can only nod as he stands inches from me, his eyes now greedily studying my mouth. "You want me to be less than a gentleman tonight, Bella?" he asks, raising an eyebrow and giving me his best, crooked grin. I nod again. "How often I misunderstand you, despite all my efforts to get inside that pretty little head of yours. You want me to excite you Baby Girl? You want me to touch you all over this delicious body, to kiss and suck your nipples and touch your sweet, sweet pussy? Is that what you want?" he asks. He is so close to me now that I know he can see me shaking with want as I rub my thighs together looking for relief. The intensity of what he can make me feel with his dirty words, his tenor, his voice is almost too much. Part of me feels that I don't need actual physical contact to completely unravel for him. But, I want all of him so much I don't care if I'm risking more than I can handle. I open my mouth to protest, but he stops the words with a single finger to my lips. I cast my eyes downward, studying his strong hand as it cups my chin. "For all your innocence," he continues his speech while his hand wanders to my chest, ghosting over the top of my nightie. "I know there is more you want us to do to each other, and I want to do it all. I can show you things you've only imagined as you lie on your bed, thinking of me." My eyes widen, and his smirk grows. His touch is so gentle that I cannot even feel his fingers on my skin. He is holding himself back so I feel only the silk. His eyes leave mine to take in my curves from his new perspective. Part of me wants to look away, to cast my eyes down in shame, but the hunger I see on his face is too irresistible. "You want me to teach you, Baby Girl?" he whispers, "You want me to show you what I can do to your body, the pleasure I can bring you, the places I can take you? I've wanted to do things, naughty things to you since I first saw you. You, so beautiful, so innocent. So ready to be explored." His words become more statement than question as he continues. I moan, and shiver at his words, spoken so close, so soft, yet with authority. "Baby, you're shivering," I don't need to look to know he's right. But my eyes travel over my own body as he directs my gaze with his sexy words. "Look at your nipples, so big, so ready for me, so ready for sucking, and your body, so perfect, so ready for me to explore with my hands, fingers, mouth." I gulp and he offers another direction. "Hands behind your back, beautiful girl." I do as he says. I now feel so exposed. His eyes roam over me as he places his hand on his rock hard cock and begins to stroke. My breath hitches. "You like this Baby Girl, you like watching me stroke myself? I have to; I need some relief from the sinfulness that is you. You do this to me just by me looking at you; I want to take you so hard… Now. My naughty, little innocent girl," he whispers as he comes closer. "Look at you." He is so close I can feel the heat from his body, and the hair as it rises on my arms and legs; I am shaking with need. He speaks quietly into my ear. "Baby, I can see how turned on you are, how much you want me to touch you, feel you, take you over to the window and press your naked tits against them for all to see, while I tease your perfect ass with my cock. You know we can do that, right? It would make me quite chuffed to put you on display while I make you come. But no, I am not sharing you with anyone. I'm going to turn out the lights and have you all to myself, multiple times as you scream my name." In the seconds it takes for him to click the lamp, I allow myself a smile at his phrase. His panty-dampening accent is always present, but I am reminded of how different our worlds have been, the distance we've traveled to find each other, when he uses terms like 'quite chuffed.' "Nothing in the world pleases me more than watching you come undone for me. If you want to drive me mad with desire, to lose control, then all you need to do is not resist me." My eyes adjust to the dimmer glow cast by the candles and travel from his chiseled jaw to his emerald eyes, burning with desire. I know he sees my complete surrender as he meets my gaze. My mind and body are completely under his spell. My panties have been wet since he promised to teach me, and now there's a familiar trembling building between my legs. It starts so suddenly and with such unexpected power that I almost reach out to him in order to steady myself. But I grip tighter to my own wrists as he continues his verbal seduction. "Sweet, darling, beautiful girl," he starts in a low growl that builds with the tension in my belly. "Come undone for me, watch me , listen to me. Your body, your smile, your laugh, your soul does this to me. And when I'm taking you tonight, when I'm between your legs licking, kissing and nipping, remember how my dirty words turned you on, how you came because you trusted me." My knees buckle as my orgasm hits me hard and fast and I lose sight of him as a blackness of lust clouds my vision. He does this with just words. Only Edward, only him. He catches me and scoops me up, kissing me passionately I moan, but there is more I want to say. "I want you to teach me how to please you, too." He chuckles, "Nothing in the world pleases me more than watching you come undone for me. Haven't you realized yet that there is nothing you can do that doesn't please me?" "You know what I mean," I say. "I do," he replies in his most haughty tone, though, as he continues, the teasing falls away as he fails to keep things light. I nod in agreement, knowing that I'm also promising to do my best at silencing my doubts. We've worked hard to get to this place, and I want to show him that I can give myself entirely to him. "Good girl," he whispers, bending to breathe the words in my ear as his fingers play with the thin straps of my nighty. "Do you want to know how much this beautiful body of yours pleases me, Bella?" He doesn't wait for a response before placing both his hands on my shoulders, guiding the straps down my arms, exposing my breasts to the air of the room. I greedily watch his tongue moisten his lips as he stares at my chest. "You have the most gorgeous breasts," he says, although it sounds more as if he is talking to himself. "So perfect, so full, as though they were made for the shape of my hand." He proves his statement by cupping me in each of his palms, using his thumbs to play with my nipples before lowering his head to kiss each one. I throw my head back and let the shivers he creates run up and down my body while incoherent words spew from my mouth. "Yes," he says, pulling back, "Just like that, Bella, don't hold anything back. You make me so hard when you are like this." He presses against me so that I can feel his erection on my hip and it makes me moan even louder. I brace myself against the bedpost to keep from falling over, sparing a fraction of a thought to the hope that the walls of this English hotel are thick and soundproof. "You drive me so wild," he murmurs, bring his lips to my chest again and again between the words. "I'm dying to make you come again, but this time we're going to slow, aren't we Baby Girl?" I nod again, not even sure what I'm agreeing to. All I know, is that I trust Edward more than I trust my own mind and body. "I could spend all night kissing these fuckingly-perfect American tits," he growls in a playful manner. Despite his words, he moves his mouth away from my painfully hard nipples and brings his hands back, gently kneading and massaging. As always, he knows exactly the touch I'm craving. My back arches toward him, wanting more. "But, I've got other