This is my first Fan fiction. Thank you for taking the time to read. Hope you enjoy it, Nemma :) Note: I have no Beta so there will be the odd mistake. Disclaimer: I do not own the wonderful world of twilight. ... Prologue "Hey Jon, get over here and check this out. It's freaking crazy, man!" Dave chuckled, as he continued to prod the defenceless hermit crab with a stick. The little creature had taken residence in a Rainier's beer can and had been happily scuttling across the rocky shore. Happily that was, until Dave intervened. Now it danced in panicky lines for his amusement. "Stupid crab," he said, while the sky overhead darkened with rain. The beaches around Port Angeles were nothing short of bleak this time of year – a far cry from the sunny shores of the Californian coastline – but hell, they had their uses. Like this secluded spot - it provided an excellent safe haven for underage drinking. And despite the fact that the shore was littered with masses of beer cans and cigarette butts on a near permanent basis, cops still didn't check the area out. Dave and his mate Jon were regulars here. Here they didn't get kicked out for using fake IDs, here their moms didn't hassle them, here they could wander the shore uninterrupted and completely and blissfully pissed. Dave chuckled again. It wasn't that funny – a hermit crab in a beer can – but he'd drank so much at this point that anything was amusing. The rain, which had previously been nothing more than light drizzle, began to pick up and Dave's hair rapidly became plastered to his face. He didn't care. His position, perched on a rocky outcrop overhanging the sea, was precariously close the dark, deep water beside him, but again he just didn't care. Swigging another gulp he continued his merciless taunting. The crab fell off the rock in fright and rolled onto its back, its legs kicking uselessly in the air. He chuckled at the sight, and jumped as another giggle echoed behind him. That laugh wasn't Jon's . Spinning around, he found that he was not alone. Her laughter was like the chiming of bells, delicate and alluring. "Whoa," he murmured, the can slipping from his grasp to clatter on rocks. The sound echoed in the vacant air as he stared at the girl before him. Pale hair framed an exquisite heart-shaped face and hung in silvery sheets around her bare shoulders where she hovered in the pool's edge. The girl was young, maybe sixteen or seventeen, and floated with her arms folded over a large rock, completely at ease. Dave's heart picked up; setting a frantic new pace it thudded against the wall of his chest as if reaching out to her. Only her head, shoulders and arms were visible, the rest of her concealed by the murky water. Aphrodite , she could have descended from Mount Olympus itself to grace the mortals with her presence. Where had this Sea-Goddess come from? At that moment he didn't care, as long as she was here nothing else mattered. She was the epitome of beauty and his eyes greedily drank her in. "You're gorgeous," he said. His words, though kindly meant, seemed somehow… insufficient. No matter, the girl beamed at the compliment and the boy gasped anew at her beauty – it shone all the brighter when she smiled, like sunlight breaking through storm-clouds. She was soaking wet, he realised then. Her sodden hair clung in tendrils to her face and neck. She must be freezing, especially with the weather which was not kind in this region. And she had little if no clothing on – of that he was very aware. Why would such a beautiful creature be out here in the cold and wet, near naked no less? Trying to shake off his drunken stupor, he pulled off his thick winter coat. It was frighteningly inadequate but he would give her more if she asked, he would give her everything. "You must be frozen." He offered the coat. When she made no move to take it he shuffled forward on the rocks, inching closer and closer to this Venus. His proximity did not appear to frighten her and that buoyed his confidence. Gently, he reached over and wrapped the material around her icy form, realising as he did, that she was, in fact, wearing nothing at all… Oh dear lord… His hands rested on her delicate shoulders and now they were there he couldn't seem to make them move, they rebelled at the mere thought. She looked down meekly, almost shyly, and he scanned her features in question. Her eyes caught his then, flashing up from under dark lashes and locking in place. They were… enthralling . Under their weight he found that he could no longer move, no longer breathe. He had never seen such eyes: emerald and sapphire and gold all at once. He leaned forward, not of his own volition, drawn by a force beyond his comprehension or control. Her lips lay so close, a mere breath away, and that was too much. As he neared she tentatively drew back. His body screamed in protest at the distance and he instantly moved to close the gap. As soon as he did she moved again. They continued in this teasing dance until her face barely surfaced the tide. Hair seeped out around her in a halo of delicate gold, making her beauty ethereal… "Dave," a voice yelled, "did you call me, man?" Jon… Dave thought, and blinked, almost shaken from his spell-bound haze. Something, some innate sense of alarm was ringing in his head. Something was wrong with this situation, with her … Her eyes gleamed with an almost predatory light. Jon… Call Jon… He turned, with every intention of doing just that, but her hands lashed out, quick as a whip, to latch onto his face. Cheeks in hand, she locked his gaze back on hers and the alarm, as faint as it had initially been, was smothered. Almost lovingly, her arms wound around him. Delicate fingers caressed the skin of his neck and wound in his hair. She coaxed him forward with faint whimpering's and smiles filled with promise… gradually leading him into the depths. He followed her willingly. He would follow her anywhere. Together and with barely a sound, they descended into the dark waters. "Dave?!" Jon's cry issued far behind him. "Dave!" ... Chapter 1: Bella "Hey, Dave," I called happily as I wandered into the Fork's Police Station, with a brown paper bag swinging in my grasp. Dave was the perpetual watcher; he had been manning the reception desk here since time began, as far as I could tell. If we lived in a completely supernatural world, I could easily imagine him as being something akin to Argus – the hundred-eyed giant of Greek Mythology. Dave saw everything that went on here; he may as well have had a hundred eyes. "Isabella," he acknowledged with a gruff nod. Straightening his newspaper, he re-immersed himself in his reading. "Hey, Bella," Mark called from the coffee machine. Mark was Charlie's deputy and a good friend of his. "I hear congratulations are in order." That must have been the most commonly used phrase I'd heard this week and it still made me cringe. My upcoming marriage was the biggest bit of gossip in Forks since… Well, I couldn't even think of an appropriate comparison. Probably since the departure of the Chief's flighty ex-wife (i.e. mom) who had cruelly abandoned him and run away to sunnier climes with their months-old daughter in tow (i.e. me), leaving poor Charlie Swan to suffer their loss. Funny how I'd been a major participant in not one but two of the biggest scandals Forks had seen in the last twenty years. "Thanks," was my automated response. "You'll be getting your invite in the mail, they're being sent out soon." In fact, Alice is probably posting them as we speak. Mark nodded and carefully sipped from his steaming cup. "Not that it isn't nice to see you…" he said, "but what brings you here?" "I'm bringing Dad some lunch." I held up the bag as evidence. Exhibit A. He sniffed the air. "Smells good," he commented. "Toasted bacon, right?" he sniffed again, "with jalapeños and barbecue sauce." I smiled, he had a good nose. "Just the way Charlie likes it. Still warm," I added, swinging the bag temptingly in front of him. "Hey, don't tease my stomach like that; I've had nothing to eat since breakfast," he said with a smile, rubbing his belly. "Oh, I'm sorry." "No problem, I'll forgive you if you bring me one too next time, if you don't mind." "Sure-sure, Mark." I bit my lip and flinched as soon as I said it. That was a phrase I had picked up from Jacob, my purposefully-missing best-friend. He had his reasons of course, many of which I myself had provided. The responsibility of his absence rested squarely on my shoulders and it was a weight I was willing to bare, if only he were happy. It broke my heart to know he was not, but there was nothing I could do at present to change that status, so I did the only thing my aching heart could bare – I tried not to think about him. But as much as I tried, my thoughts always tended to spiral back to him. Speak of the devil… As if my will alone had conjured him into being he was unexpectedly right there in front of me – grinning his trademark sunny smile. I stared miserably at the poster of Jake plastered to the corkboard, as a hollow pit ripped open in my gut. I hadn't seen that smile in so long and I probably wouldn't really see it for a long time yet, if ever. The words: ' Have you seen this boy ?' were boldly printed below his image. They sent uncomfortable quakes through my stomach and an all too familiar lump formed in my throat. Every time I saw him it was like a slap in the face; a punishment I well-deserved and more besides. Resolutely, I pushed thoughts of him away. Thinking on Jake too much was an indulgence my delicate psyche could rarely afford. "Oh," Mark noticed my pre-occupation. "Your father's been printing them out; we've been putting flyers up all over town, and we've sent them out to nearly every other station across the peninsula. Your father said you knew him?" "We're… Friends," I said dumbly, struggling with the word. Were? Are? I just didn't know which word to use anymore, I feared the former. "I'm sorry," he said, rather awkwardly. He and I both knew the consolation was insufficient, but there really wasn't much else one could say. "Such a shame," he added, "so many of them go missing each year." Trying to swallow the lump in my throat, I made an effort to re-immerse myself in the conversation. That was when I really noticed the board, and all of the other posters on it. "There are so many," I agreed, taking in the mass. The board was smothered. It was a shock all of its own. I had no idea so many people had gone missing recently. One in particular caught my eye, of a young red-headed girl a little older than me. ' Riana Lefebvre, 21 years old, Student of Washington State University ' I read. Apparently, she had been missing since last October. I sighed inwardly as I read further – she had disappeared in Seattle, no doubt a victim of Victoria or her newborn army. They had plagued the city for months. I wouldn't be surprised if a lot more of the missing listed here could be attributed to Victoria and her mad scheme. Suddenly, my planned joint-lunch with Charlie lost its