Elladan was dead. An orcish arrow, thick and graceless and smeared with a foul black paste, had pierced his neck. Within seconds he had fallen from his horse, and had succumbed to death a mercifully short time after that. Elrohir had seen it in the very corner of his eye, though at the time he had not registered what had just taken place. It would be impossible for Elladan, the braver of the two, the stronger, always the first to ride into battle, to fall. And so, it didn't happen. At least to Elrohir's mind. But now that it was finished, now that every wretched orc in the host had been slaughtered, only Elrohir remained standing. He stopped where he stood, listening to his own heavy breath, and looked for his brother. But he looked to the wrong place. Elladan no longer stood at his full height, and could not be seen while Elrohir looked to see his eyes. Now, he was nothing more than one of the poor corpses fallen as leaves to cover the hard and half-charred ground. His blood fled his body in a widening pool to be tainted and ruined by the vile blood of orcs before it sank into the earth. Elrohir knelt down beside him, knees and feet cursed by that blood that had an hour earlier been so close to his own, and choked on his breath. Elladan was dead. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ No-one could fault Elrond for his behaviour. Less than forty years had passed since the death of Celebrían, and now his eldest son was dead at the hands of those who had killed his wife. He screamed in anguish and then refused to speak, beat his fists against the walls and then lay as one dead himself. Glorfindel's words offered little comfort and did no good. Elrohir could only sit and watch, frozen and still even disbelieving. Erestor's hand lay on his shoulder but it was a distant, wooden presence that he scarcely noticed. His mind was bound to Elladan. This was the fate of his twin, whom he would never see, never speak to, never smile at, never fight with again over some truly stupid little thing, like he always did. In the morning, Elladan would never again be there at the breakfast table to complain when Elrohir used the last of the honey. He wouldn't be there at noon to pretend that he didn't hear the dinner call so that he and Elrohir could continue their argument about the speed of their horses. He would no longer come to supper in dirty and torn clothes simply because he knew it made their father scowl. And Elladan's bed was empty, as it would now always be. Elrohir dreaded the sight of the grey and cold room as he walked the corridor. But he stopped in the door, a familiar movement made strange by circumstance. His fingers pressed against the wall. A pristine bed in sad twilight blue was all he saw. Some of Elladan's things still mocked the room, but they were small and hidden from the sight of one who looked only for his brother. Elrond found him there after hours had passed. Neither spoke, but Elrond sat beside Elrohir and covered his shoulders with a tentative and desperate arm. Elrohir leaned back against his father. Somehow, after more hours, they found themselves lying down, each clinging to the presence of the other. And somehow they slept, fitfully and plagued by torturously pleasant dreams. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Elrohir woke while Elrond still slept. His father's arm was draped across his shoulder in such a way that Elrond's hand just rested its fingertips on the mattress inches from Elrohir's face. The thin fingers cast long shadows in the morning light, shaded lines interrupted only by the mass of the Ring. It had belonged to Gil-galad once, Elrohir knew. It had been crafted by Celebrimbor, who was aided by Sauron "Annatar", as one of the four Rings of the Elves. Its etched gold band held a strange spherical stone of shining black and green. Lúmya, it was called, the Ring of Time. When Sauron's forces had threatened Eregion so many years ago, Celebrimbor sent the ring to Gil-galad, who later passed it on to Elrond. The three other Rings were also hidden, with Nenya going to Galadriel, Vilya to Amdír, and Narya to Oropher. When Amdír fell in the Last Alliance Vilya had been taken by Círdan, who kept it yet. But Narya had been lost with its master. Oropher, charging recklessly into battle against Gil-galad's call, had been surrounded and overwhelmed by the orcs of Sauron. They had taken it and kept it for their own. Narya was the source of their power now. The ring made the orcs grow stronger than they had ever been under Sauron's rule, strong enough to leave Mordor altogether and found their dark kingdoms throughout Eriador and the south. Rohan fell to the orcs after long years of war, and the people of Gondor were all but pushed into the sea. Now Lórien threatened to fall and when it did, Imladris would not be far behind. Elrohir knew his father's worries. Elrond's ring, the most powerful of the four, could offer some protection and a measure of hope. But it would not make the valley invincible. There were cracks in the defences and flaws in the strategies of those who worked to keep the armies of the orcs out. After enough time, even the most secure of the Elven realms would be ended. So long as the orcs held Narya, their power was secured and defeat was inevitable. There were simply not enough Elves to fight this war. The previous day, this thought would have made Elrohir's spirit burn with the bright flame of defiance, and he and Elladan would have ridden to prove that Elves were not so easily overpowered. Hiding among the trees, striking from unexpected points, they had learned to use the landscape to their advantage and could manage a horde of thirty between them. Elladan always claimed he killed more. On this day though the prospect of defeat seemed to Elrohir to be too terribly real. Elladan had fallen, and another would follow: Glorfindel, Erestor, Elrond, or Elrohir himself, until none were left. A sick and heavy feeling stuck in Elrohir's chest at the simple thought of this eventuality. The valley, now vibrant green, would burn and blacken under the iron tread of the orcs. Those that he loved would continue to die off, one by one. Inwardly, Elrohir screamed to himself to keep hope and refuse the weakness of despair, but the more primitive force of emotion beat reason into the ground. He exhaled in graceless sobs and clutched at his father's hand. The Ring, Lúmya, was almost hot against his fingers. The Ring worked tirelessly, Elrond had said once, exerting all the force it could manage to keep the valley secure. But still, that was not the Ring's true power. What could it truly do, then? Elrohir pulled Elrond's hand closer, careful not to wake him. The Ring sparkled in the sunlight. He caressed the smooth stone. What is it that you can do? he silently asked. Surely there must be a purpose to Rings? You cannot be solely for defence, or we here would not be in so poor a position. Are you for power, then? You are called the Rings of Power, are you not? Is that why the orcs have such strength with only Narya in their keeping? They use their Ring for force, while we use ours in our ever-passive place. Narya is an aggressive Ring, but could Lúmya not be as well? Could our position be improved if I took you and used you for power? A small voice, his reasonable voice, answered the question as quickly as it had been posed. No, it said, they are still too many, and we are too few. Even with the Ring we would die, as Oropher and Amdír did. They were not protected by any power, nor did their Rings grant them any power. We would fall too, and the orcs would take Lúmya. Then why, he debated, are the orcs so strong with their Ring, while we have no way to stand against them with ours? They have their power, and such power it is, killing and ruining and burning. They control the power of Fire. Then, Elrohir stopped as his breath hitched. The orcs had Narya, the Ring of Fire. They were backed by the violence and terror of flame, overpowering and all-destroying. They knew their Ring's true power and abused it without conscience. The Ring had granted no protection to Oropher because he did not use its advantages. Narya demanded a crueller master. Lórien, though, still stood after centuries of war because Nenya, the Water Ring, protected its borders. No fire could cross the sacred streams so long as Galadriel's hand reigned. And then there was Imladris, the timeless valley, which in peacetime before the orcs had risen had been a refuge for the weary and aged to recover their health and prolong failing lives. Under the Ring's influence, time slowed and life grew leisurely. That was its true power, Elrohir realised. Lúmya had no love for war or power, defence or submission. It would give no certain aid in this war- time could do nothing against fire but outlast it. The Ring could help the Elves of the valley endure, but only so long as they could fight for themselves. Time was indifferent to good or evil. But still another thought nagged at the back of Elrohir's mind. Rumours existed of a power afforded the orcs by their ring, seldom seen but well known in the collective fear of the few remaining free realms of Middle-earth. Those who had seen it spoke of a crushing inferno great enough to swallow entire cities and hot enough to melt the very stone of the mountains, a fire that burned relentlessly even days after all in its path had been reduced to chalky ash. Minas Tirith had been ruined utterly by such a fire, and the greater part of Fangorn Forest. Survivors spoke with a hollow fear of what they had seen, or didn't speak at all. One Ring, Narya, had the power to do all this. Its bearer could create a blaze out of nothing and destroy recklessly with only thought and will as fuel. And Vilya had the same power. This Elrohir had once seen for himself, as Círdan brought howling winds down from the sky to stir the sea into a storm and break hideous orcish boats upon the waves. He suspected Nenya could do the same without wind. But what of Lúmya? The Ring of Time, it was called. An absurd smile spread on Elrohir's lips. Narya controlled fire, Vilya air, and Nenya water. None of them had ever been called more powerful than Lúmya. Was it not then reasonable to assume that Lúmya's name was given as truthfully as the others? Could Lúmya, by this logic, not control the very flow of time? Scarcely daring even to breath, Elrohir took his father's hand gently in his own. Then, slowly as he could manage, he slipped the Ring from Elrond's finger. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Elrohir recognised the place when they came to it. The path was narrow now, but less than a quarter-mile ahead it widened into a clearing. There, with little warning, a troupe of orcs would meet them head-on. A frenzied battle would erupt, and before it ended Elladan would be dead. Elrohir knew the outcome. He had lived it the previous day right through to the terrible end. Now, with a second chance, he would not see it lived again. "We ought to turn back now," he called out. Elladan, riding ahead on the path, slowed his