Legolas was unaccustomed to being particularly bad at anything, but after two years and no improvement, he was forced to admit that he would never be a smith. The new sword in his hand, for all his effort, possessed the grace and artistry of a loaf of bread. The finish was dull, the edges managed to be both too thin and too blunt at the same time, and the tip curved like a drooping fern. "It's a start," his teacher told him with a sharp clap to the back. Then, after a pause, "Ehm, how long have you been here, now?" Legolas did not answer. "What if we start on something new. Something a bit less... ambitious. Swords can be tricky. Why don't you try a shield?" Yes, Legolas thought dully, a shield. Shields did not have to be sharp, straight-edged, or even symmetrical. They only needed to be flat. He could manage flat, more or less. "Fine," he said. "That's a boy," said the teacher. "Go on back to the draft table and plan your design. I'll take this off your hands." He took the failed sword delicately, as if it were liable to break at any moment, and set it aside to be reworked later. Legolas, thinking no more on it, sat down at the drafting table and began to draw the simplest design he could imagine. His shield would be egg-shaped, for the practical reason that, when it inevitably came out lopsided, he would be able to insist that it was intentional. It would have crimped edges, to hide any sloppy finishing. And it would be etched all over in designs of knotwork and vines, to draw attention away from the shame of never being able to produce a smooth surface. Etched designs were one thing he could do relatively well. Not perfectly, but at least on par with an average Noldorin twenty-year-old. He would make the shield out of copper. He had grown fond of copper, as far as he could grow fond of a substance that tormented him in an environment he hated; it complimented his hair nicely. He finished the design, sought his teacher for approval, and began work the next morning. Nearly twenty days later, he was no closer to creating a useable shield than he was to learning all the secrets of the universe. As predicted, the shield was lopsided, but in a way that more resembled a fried egg than one in its shell. While the middle was too thick, he had pounded the edges so thin that contact with a falling acorn would likely cause a sizeable dent. The overall craftsmanship was of such a quality that Legolas was beginning to wonder if he was, in fact, getting worse. His efforts were nothing if not pathetic. Worse still, the master smith was quickly losing patience. "Look here, Legolas," he said sadly at the end of the day. On the table before him, he had placed the terrible sword, the useless shield, and a number of other failed projects, including a bowl with a hole in the bottom, a spoon with an impractically short handle, and a shovel too heavy to use. "Look at your work and tell me what you see." Legolas looked at his work, but did not dare say what he thought for fear of being thrown out of the forge for good. His teacher eyed him carefully. "Are you certain that smithwork is what you desire?" Legolas nodded. "Absolutely certain?" "Yes," said Legolas. The master smith's face fell. "Then I am afraid I can no longer help you," he said. And before Legolas had a chance to respond, he continued, "You are beyond my skill to teach. I have never before, in countless years, had a student make so little progress over so long a period of time. I can only guess that this is a reflection of my poor teaching ability. I am sorry, Legolas, but you must leave." For an uncomfortable moment, Legolas only stared at his soon-to-be-former teacher. "But..." he eventually managed, "where will I go?" o o o o o He never told anyone exactly why it was so important for him to learn the elusive skill of metalcrafting. Conveniently, no-one had ever asked. His friends and family tolerated the obsession with amused sighs and an attitude of 'this silly phase will pass', attributing his stubborn interest to being surrounded by so many Noldor. He had lived almost his entire life among the Elves of Mirkwood, who were such notoriously poor smiths that they were willing to put aside cultural differences every now and then to trade with Dwarves rather than learn how to set an anvil the right way up. And that was saying something. But being now in Tavrobel, it was only natural for Legolas to be curious about the smoke, ringing noise, and occasional explosions coming from the Noldorin quarter of the city. The man who had agreed to take Legolas as a student was named Matyelcar. For a smith, he was remarkably tall and thin, and between his dark hair, soot-blackened skin, and gangly walk, he reminded Legolas rather unpleasantly of a spider. This was one of the reasons Legolas gave for his failure. His vigilant Mirkwood upbringing refused to allow him to relax and concentrate while a giant spider (or something eerily similar thereto) lurked in the shadows. And while he was confident that Matyelcar did not have eight legs, he had not yet ruled out the possibility of web spinning. The master smith was very gifted when it came to decorative filament. So he was not wholly disappointed when Matyelcar told him to leave the forge and seek instruction elsewhere. But he was wary when Matyelcar offered to accompany him to the one teacher who could surely teach, in the one place where Legolas could surely learn. Working the bellows with a giant spider was one thing. Following one on a journey was completely different. "Over this way!" Matyelcar called to Legolas, who kept lagging behind. "We take the northern fork, then the next west, and we'll camp at the bottom of the ridge tonight!" They had crossed the strait from Tol Eressëa to the mainland that morning, and were now headed in no particular direction that Legolas could discern. Supposedly, they were going to the mountains. "Where exactly is this place?" asked Legolas. "At the roots of the Pelóri, on the other side of the Calacirya. Past Tirion and almost to Valmar. We'll be there in five days." At this point, he knew he should not have asked. Matyelcar was far too optimistic. If he said five days, he meant eight. And so it was nine days later that they finally reached their destination. On a first glance, it appeared to be nothing more than a large doorway stuck into the side of a mountain. This was nothing new to Legolas. He had seen similar doors made by Dwarves, though he did have to admit that this door was rather larger than that of the average Dwarf construction. In fact, it was easily of sufficient size for an acrobatic square of Dwarves seven tall and six wide to comfortably pass. It was enough for Legolas to momentarily worry that Dwarves here were much larger than they were in the east. Until he remembered that there were no Dwarves in Aman. "Come on, come on, this is the place." Matyelcar pushed the doors open, as comfortably as if this were his home and he were merely inviting Legolas in for supper. Legolas could see, then, that the doors opened into a vast stone tunnel that was surprisingly well lit for its absence of windows. No-one was about to greet them. "Oughtn't we have knocked?" he asked. "No, my lord is expecting us. Just follow me. I know the way. Oh, but mind you don't touch the walls." Matyelcar added the last in a casually offhand manner, though something about his words (possibly the fact that he felt it necessary to say them at all) put Legolas on edge. The walls looked completely innocent. Nonetheless, he stepped closer behind Matyelcar, and did his best to remain in the exact middle of the corridor. The tunnel was longer than it looked, and the further they walked, the more Legolas was convinced that they were making no progress at all. The stairs ahead were no nearer. The door behind seemed as close as ever. The only thing that changed was the ceiling. It had started off at door height, seven Dwarves tall, but was growing progressively lower. It dropped to four-Dwarf-height, then three, and then two, at which point Legolas started to slouch. If he was not allowed to touch the walls, he had no desire to risk bumping his head on the ceiling. "Mind your head," said Matyelcar, which only annoyed Legolas. He had been clever enough to think of minding his head on his own. By the time the ceiling had fallen to the height of one Dwarf, Legolas and his former teacher were crawling on their hands and knees. Not only had the tunnel become very shallow, it had also become far narrower. The walls had angled inward to less than an arm's length away on either side. What was more, they appeared to be covered in some sort of glittering powder. "What's this on the walls?" Legolas called ahead. "I've never asked," said Matyelcar, though his tone of voice indicated exactly the opposite. "Just don't touch it." "Why not? What will happen?" Matyelcar stopped, and turned his head as much as he could to glance back at Legolas. "You'll see." His words made Legolas' skin crawl unpleasantly. "What do you mean?" "Oh, you're bound to accidentally brush against it sooner or later. I would just prefer later." "What do you mean, 'sooner or later'?" Legolas asked irritably. "I'm not that uncoordinated." "Everyone does on the first time through here," Matyelcar said. "And then never again." "The first...?" "Once is enough. You'll not want to repeat the experience." Growling, Legolas crouched down even lower to the floor, determined to stay on course and prove to Matyelcar that he could at least crawl through a tunnel properly. If life in Mirkwood had given him anything, it was an intimate familiarity with tunnels and caves. Though to be fair, there had been nothing this ridiculously small in his father's fortress. No sooner had he set his mind against grazing so much as a hair against the surrounding stone than the walls and ceiling had seemed to close in around him. He was surrounded on all sides with mere inches of clearance. "How much more of this nonsense?" he snapped at Matyelcar. "Nearly there. I can see the light ahead." "Where?" Legolas realised what he was about to do in the split second before it happened. He had raised his eyes to look to the light, and had just enough time to swear loudly before the top of his head bumped against the ceiling. The floor lurched under him, his left side became very heavy, and his head suddenly felt as if it had been pulled off, tossed into a cyclone, and set back on the wrong way. He tipped one way, crashed into the wall, fell back the other way, lost his balance completely, and toppled forward onto his face. "Matyelcar!" he shouted in panic. "Matyelcar, I can't... I can't..." "Just grab my ankles," Matyelcar said calmly. Legolas pulled his arms out from under him to fumble around wildly on the floor, looking for Matyelcar's ankles. Unfortunately, the floor seemed to have other ideas, and tipped him backward with such force that he cracked his head once again on the ceiling. "Keep you hands in front of you, Legolas, and feel for my ankles. Maintain contact with the floor." "I can't! It keeps shifting!" Even as he spoke, the tunnel gave a great leap to one side, and Legolas