September 28th At 10 this morning, Elrohir and I drove dad and Erestor to the airport. Much awkwardness ensued. Nobody really knew what to say. As we stood in the boarding pass queue, dad went over for the hundredth time how the thermostat worked. I didn't really pay attention. I figure that if it breaks, I'll ring somebody to fix it, and that's good enough. Erestor warned Elrohir for the hundredth time not to mess with the fridge settings, because the fridge is very temperamental. Elrohir promised that he wouldn't, but I knew that as soon as we got home he'd start poking around at it, because Elrohir is just like that. Erestor went through security first, had his nail file confiscated, and disappeared down a corridor. Dad hugged Elrohir and me goodbye, reminded us that the car needs an oil change, and followed Erestor. There is a very real possibility that I will never see dad again, and my final mental image was about to be him bending down to hike up his socks. But then he remembered that he still had the car keys in his pocket, and came racing back out to toss them to me from across the security checkpoint. So now my final mental image of dad will be him with a panicked look on his face, tossing me the keys to the Mazda over a Plexiglas wall. Just to be sure they hadn't forgotten anything, Elrohir and I waited around in the airport for an hour until the plane took off. He wanted to buy a plastic model airplane from one of the souvenir shops, but as I am now the responsible adult, it was my duty to stop him. I let him buy an airplane-shaped chocolate instead. Then we headed out to dad's car, which is now my car, and drove back to dad's house, which is now my house. Just because we could, we stopped and picked up pizza for dinner on the way home. This is every Elf's dream come true. My parents and all parentalesque cohabiting adults have finally moved to Valinor. I am not sure what they plan to do in Valinor, but at least they're gone. Erestor once said something about working at a golf course. That sounds about right for them. Anything that involves bad fashion and discount golf should make them happy. Elrohir and I spent the afternoon being lazy and enjoying our freedom. I didn't bother going in to work. I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to be doing at work most of the time, so chances are I didn't miss anything and nobody missed me. Instead of work, I sat on a raft that Elrohir made out of pool noodles and floated around the deep end with a glass of lemonade. Erestor never let us make pool noodle rafts, as he didn't approve of using string in conjunction with pool toys, and dad always forbade the use of glass dishes outdoors and especially forbade the drinking of beverages in the pool. But seeing as they were in a plane somewhere above the Shire, there was nobody to stop me. Elrohir put one of the vinyl deck chairs in the shallow end. When he sat down, he was at exactly the right height so that only his head was above water. We were both too lazy to cook supper, so we had pita bread and ice cream bars. Dad and Erestor rang from the Grey Havens to let us know the flight went well. They'll ring again from Eldos tomorrow. After I assured dad that everything was fine around the house, he asked to speak to Elrohir. I told him Elrohir was in the bath. That was a lie, as Elrohir was actually just downstairs getting another box of ice cream bars from the deep freeze, but I didn't want to give dad the opportunity to find out about our pool foolery. Elrohir's big mouth could always cause dad to change his mind and hop on the first flight back home. After dad disconnected, I came to settle down for the night in his room, which is now my room. It looks pretty empty. I suppose I never really noticed how big this room is, since it's always been filled with random things and out of date furniture. I may have to stay home from work tomorrow, too, just to get everything sorted out in here. September 29th Rang Lindir at the office this morning to tell him I wasn't coming in. I gave a vague excuse, like I needed some time off to look after some things now that dad's gone. He said he understood completely, and told me not to bother coming in for the rest of the week. I was happy when he said that, but now that I think it over, he may have been insulting me. Did he mean he understood completely that I was just skiving off work for no good reason? And did he tell me not to bother coming in because he knows I'm useless? I would consider going in to work just to try to find out, but I don't think I'm that dedicated. I'd rather stay home and dink around with household organisation. The first task was to move all of my stuff from my old room into my new room. My new room is much larger than my old room, so now I should be able to display my stuff in a less cluttered way. I'll need to get some new furniture first, though. Half of the stuff in here is hideous, and the rest dad wants me to ship to Tol Eressëa for him. I might take Elrohir to Ikea some day soon. I still have that gift certificate Arwen gave me. But for now, the charming décor of boxes full of stuff I'm not even sure is really mine will have to do. The second task was to get rid of all of dad's remaining stuff. The back of his closet is full of boxes that he didn't have time to sort through before he left. He gave us instructions to give away anything we don't think he'll need, and to ship him the rest. I went through most of the boxes with Elrohir, and we're pretty sure he won't need any of it. We found a veritable goldmine of useless crap, and made up a song about it. It went something like: On the twelfth day of moving, the closet gave to me: Twelve ancient road maps, Eleven dusty records, Ten pairs of dress shoes, Nine macramé books, Eight expired passports Seven bags of clothing Six creepy spiders FIIIIIIIIIIIVE O-OOOOOOLD LAAAAAAAMPS! Four 8-track tapes Three broken stools Two half-knit sweaters And a box full of bells shaped like Elves! Apart from these treasures, we also found some things that were just plain bizarre, like a single water buffalo horn wrapped in twine, a framed caricature of Gil-galad boxing with an alligator, a four-foot-long stuffed and mounted fish, a mandolin missing half its strings, and the biggest bright orange sheepskin I've ever seen in my life. To me, this stuff just screams "garage sale". But when dad rang from Eldos (sounding very tired), he whined that many of those old things had sentimental value. He wants me to ship him the mandolin and the picture of Gil-galad. Also the box of bells shaped like Elves. That's Erestor's prized collection. I should have known. But I think I'm going to sell the rest of the stuff. I'll get Elrohir to help me go through all the boxes in the basement tomorrow to find more for our sale. October 1st The garage sale will be next weekend. We have far more stuff than anticipated. Elrohir and I spent all of yesterday and most of today going through the basement boxes, and we're still not done. But on the plus side, at least most of it is going in the "sell pile". Actually it's more of a "large sell area that takes up a good portion of the basement floor". I don't think it's going to fit into the garage. We might end up having a driveway sale instead. Tomorrow I think we might have to go through the sell pile and sort it further into "sell" and "chuck". Because really, the more I think about it, nobody's going to want an 8-track player without a power cord, or a broken Fiommereth tree stand. October 3rd I went to work today. Nothing important had happened in my absence, so I had nothing to do. Now I know for sure I am the most incompetent leader in the history of Elvish leaders. I know people always accuse politicians of not knowing what they're doing, but I really don't know what I'm doing. I think it may have been a mistake for dad to appoint me as his successor. This term so far has been a political gong show. The only thing I have accomplished as Beloved Leader of Rivendell is to pass a bylaw prohibiting the use of all gas-powered or electric lawn mowers, weed trimmers and other loud gardening gadgets between the hours of 10 pm and 9 am. It happened completely by accident one day in August when dad didn't bother coming to work and put me in charge. All I did was obliviously sign a bunch of papers, and the next thing I knew Lindir was congratulating me on finally standing up to inconsiderate lawn-care fanatics. I think he was the one who proposed the bylaw in the first place. One of the residents on his street is an insomniac who runs a landscaping business. Since I didn't know what else to do today, I spent some time on the telephone with various other world leaders. That's what politicians do in movies. Though I suppose in movies they're discussing urgent national security threats or something. I was just having casual conversations with Aragorn, grandpa, and Thranduil. Aragorn told me that Arwen is trying to get pregnant and he is trying to not get Arwen pregnant, which was a bit too much information. Grandpa told me about all the new old timer clubs he might join now that grandma's moved to Tirion and he has free time to fill. Thranduil asked if I'd seen Legolas, who I guess is missing again. The conversations took me up until lunch time. After lunch, I had to find something else to do, so I made various appointments to get things around the house ready for winter. The furnace and water heater inspector is coming on Thursday, the pool draining team on Saturday, and a landscaping consultant next Monday. I'm not really sure if I needed the landscaping consultant, but I was bored and the company had a catchy banner in the phone directory. When I got home, Elrohir had made breakfast sausages and pancakes for supper. Then we went to go sit in the pool, even though it was ridiculously cold outside, just because we only have a few days of pool time left. October 6th I think today just might have been the worst day ever. It started at breakfast. Elrohir was sitting across the table from me, annoyed that I'd gotten him out of bed so early, even though I clearly explained that he had to be awake when the furnace inspector showed up. He made a big show of yawning loudly to prove how tired he was, then somehow managed to sprain his jaw yawning and sneezing at the same time. I had to take him to the emergency room and wait around until he was assessed by a doctor (who did nothing but tell him to take some Advil for the pain) then drive him home. I was three hours late for work. And when I got in, there was an irate message on my voice mail from the furnace inspector, complaining