Hello! This is a different story. I am currently writing one of my first stories. "Anna Beth the Trident Thief". So far I haven't gotten any reviews, but that is okay. I want to write more. Okay this Story is going to be about a teacher and a Student. The relationship between them is forbidden because well because there can't never be a student, Teacher relationship. But against all odds, the student and Teacher end up falling for one another. What will come between these two? Well let's see and find out. Here it is the story how it all began. Yes. There would be different point of view in this story. The students, the teacher, and a third person point of view that will pass to other characters in the story, but that won't be until later chapters. So yes I am going to write two stories. Would I write at them at the same time? Maybe. Maybe not. All I know is that when I was writing "The trident thief" This idea came to me, and I had to write fast. And then suddenly many other stories came in my head, that it gave me a headache literally. Anyways I started winter break already, so I will update more often. with this one "Risky Relationship", and Annabeth the Trident thief" Anyways here is my second story. Chapter 1: The Stupid Principal. Annabeth. Stupid Principal. Dumb Principal. Imbecile. Jerk. Douche. And every curse word that is created I will give it to the principal. You see right now I really hate the Principle of this school. I am sure that I was meant to meet this jerk so he can make my life into a complexity. You know what the jerk did? He did something that made me so angry that I almost punch him, but my best friend, Piper stopped me. I was glad that she stopped me because I probably would of have been suspended or worse expelled, but at the same time I was disappointed because I will love to see that stupid grin fading of his face when I punch. Sadly, I didn't because I knew that leaving this school will mean leaving Piper, Hazel, Reyna, and Calypso also not to mention jeopardizing my record. Also losing my opportunity to go to my dream college "New Rome University. ( Got that from the House of Hades, I remembered that Percy told Annabeth that they will like to go a university in New Rome) So I didn't punch the dam bastard. It all started when my alarm went on. I open one eye, and reach to the table next to my bed for my phone, I checked the time it was 7:00 am. I groaned. Great I had about three minutes to get ready and catch up for the bus. Then I remembered when my parents gave me a new car for my sixteen birthday. I grinned. No more taking the bus. I felt exited because today was going to be the first time to ride my new car, and I was going to a class that I had been waiting for since forever. I threw my covers to the side, and jumped out of the bed and headed towards my closet to look for my uniform. My school is a public school, before we could wear whatever we wanted, but then the clothing that the students would wear was to revealing and inappropriate then the school punish us by saying the rules were going to change and we had to dress in uniform. The uniform colors are Green and Grey, and navy blue. ( See what I did there?:D) We needed to wear collar shirts that needed to be either Green, Grey or blue, same for the pants, in this case for me a skirt, that were one of the colors that I mention before, along with the tie, and the jacket or sweater. Today I chose to wear a Green color shirt, and a grey cardigan sweater. I picked a navy tie, and navy skirt. I put on my long black socks the reach to my knees (rules of the school, long black socks) and my black dancing shoes that had heel on them (Also rule of the school) I went to my mirror and brushed my curly blonde hair and put it into a high ponytail that went down to my neck. My hair was long. I put a little lip gloss and put grey eyeliner that complimented very well with my grey eyes. I grabbed my school bag and went downstairs to greet Helena and my two little twin brothers. Helen is my step mother who always took care of me since I was seven. My real mother left my father when I was five, and she never came back. I don't remember her as much, all I remembered was the hurt expression that my father had for two years. It was at first Just me and my father, but then Helen came along and he fell in love with her, then two years later they had twins, Bobby, and Mathew. Ever since my father found Helen, my dad's agony disappear little by little, then it disappear completely when Bobby and Mathew were born. I love my twin brothers, and I have a care for Helen too, but it increase more when she and my dad bought me a new car. "Good morning!" I said happily going to the refrigerator and grabbing myself a glass of milk. "Good Morning Annabeth, ready for your first day of school?" Asked Helen. "Yup! I said, pouring myself milk in my cup. Helen's eyes Twinkled, "And I'm guessing you are excited to drive your new car, and picked up your friends? I smile. Then I suddenly remember about my friends. I looked at my phone and sure enough there were four text messages from them. I take a big gulp of milk and swallow hard and fast, I began to cough. "Annabeth!" Says Helen coming to me and patting my back. I grinned. "Sorry", "Well I got to go and pick up the girls" I grabbed my new keys, and my book back and kiss Helen on the cheek. "Bye Helen!" "Be careful when you are driving!" "No promises!" I open the door and I stepped out,. Then I open the garage door and go to my car. The car that my parents gave is a Nissan Pathfinder. ( My mom owns that type of car). The color of the car is silver, because my parents know that my favorite color is grey, so they got me a silver pathfinder. I get into the driver's seat, and turn on the car, and texted Piper telling her that I was on my way. I move the stick to Drive and I began to drive. Piper lives by three blocks from my house, so it took five minutes to arrive at her house, and when I did I beep at the house. I only waited a minute when I saw the door of the house open and piper stepped out. Piper lives in a big house, you can say that she is considered to be rich, but Piper denies it, and asks me to not bring it up, so I don't. When Piper stepped out, she ran to the passenger door, and climb in my car. "Hey Beth" "Hey you look cute—"I gasped, "Piper what did you do with your hair?" Piper blushed. "What do you mean?" Piper's once long brown hair (longer than mine) was cut, but I can tell that she cut it herself because it was cut uneven, and it choppy. "Your hair". I answered, did you cut it?" Piper touched her hair self-consciously. And then she sighed. "Don't ask, beauty issues with the mother again" I nodded, understanding. Piper and her mom don't really get along well because Piper's mom Aphrodite, works in a famous business industry that involves makeup. Aphrodite, is the boss of that company, and she is incredibly pretty and she knows it and embraces it, the only think is that Piper is the opposite of her mother she doesn't want nothing to do with makeup, or try to look pretty. Every time when Aphrodite tells her daughter to wear makeup, and work on her hair, Piper does it, except she does it differently and by different I meant she will do her eyeliner below the eye, and I mean really below the eye. Not only that she will messed up her hair so it will look like witch hair, and her makeup she will put on to much that she will looked like a clown. Piper likes to displease her mother, so they argued all the time about Piper's appearances. So piper name the fight Beauty Issues. I shifted my car into reverse, and then drive. I looked at Piper. "Text Hazel that we are on our way already. Piper grabbed her phone and texted Hazel. I looked at Piper again. She looked cute today,. Today she decided to wear navy and gray colors for the uniform. (You can decide what colors to wear either grey or navy, or green and navy, or green and grey, also you can wear all three that is what I decided for myself.) She wore a grey collar shirt, with a navy cardigan over it, a gray tie, and a navy skirt, just like me she wore high black socks, and black dancing shoes with an inch heel. I know that Piper tries her hardest to not cause attention, but she has that vibe. Everyone in the school, as in mostly all the boys have a crush on her. Even though Piper doesn't want to look pretty and tries her best to not look pretty she still is. I tried to mention this to her once, but she told me to shut it, so I kept my mouth shut. Sensing my stare, Piper looked up at me and she cringed. "What?" I blinked and I shifted my gaze to the road. "Nothing". I said. I turned to Hazels street, and I heard Piper say, "You know when you stare at me like that it gives me the-" "The creeps?" I interrupted. "No, the shudders" I raided one eyebrow, and I grinned. "Isn't that the same thing?" I parked in front of Hazel's House, and beeped. "No is your eyes that gives me the shudders, I mean I have known you since we were seven, but those eyes of your still startled me sometimes Annie. " Piper said. I gave my signature smirk. "Startled you?" "Your grey eyes sometimes intimidate me, like if we ever do a staring contest I will be the first to look away." I laughed. "You are exaggerating" Piper pouted, which I found it funny. "I'm serious—" Piper was interrupted by a door opening, and Hazel stepped in and close the door. She grinned. "Hi girlies" I shifted the gear into drive and turned to block that headed to the school. Both Piper and I shuddered. "Haze stop!. We said, groaning. Hazel laughed. Hazel was my second best friend,, I known her since I was seven years old. Hazel like Piper, also had a natural beauty. Piper had a dark tan skin tone, while Hazel had a darker shade color, it reminded me of coco. (Not planning to tell her though, she will give me a death glare.)Hazel's hair was curly like mine, except mine were like ringlets on the bottom, while hers was curly everywhere and her curls are all tangled with one another while mine are separate. If Pipers says my eyes are intimidating, I will disagree, because I will say Hazel's are. Hazel has the most unnaturally gold color eyes I have ever seen, they reminded me of jewels, Piper agrees with me, so we nickname Hazel, Jewels. It annoys the crap out of Hazel, and she always