So Right But So Wrong Okay, my lovelies, here we have another story, this time an all-human Bella and Edward. The setting, Forks High School, Bella is the new twenty-two-year-old teacher of English Literature. Edward is an eighteen-year-old senior about to graduate, and is gorgeous, sexy and a little shy around girls, even though every girl in the school lusts after him. What will happen when sparks fly between the two? Please review and recommend my stories if you like them to all your friends. Thank you! As usual, my grateful thanks to Mrs. Meyer for letting me borrow her delicious characters to play with for a little while, and to Dollybigmomma for polishing this up so it's readable. Thanks for coming back and trying us out again! Chapter 1 BELLA I was a little nervous, as I was starting a new job today. As the newest temporary teacher at Forks High School, I would be covering for another teacher on maternity leave, from now until the end of the school year in June. It was only a six-month contract, but it was better than nothing. I was what was commonly known as an "NQT," or a newly-qualified teacher, and this would be my first appointment since qualifying with a first-class honours degree in teaching English Literature. My task was to teach Literature to all the senior classes, as well as cover absences in the lower year classes. I had been thoroughly coached on the curriculum for these classes, and I was happy to say that the reading list was one of my very favourites. Among the classics being covered was Wuthering Heights . I'd always fancied myself running on the moors, shouting for Heathcliff. Romeo and Juliet was our Shakespearean play, and the romance and tragedy of that always had me in floods of tears. Our poetry was all about romance as well, with the poems of the Romantics, Keats, Shelley and Coleridge to name a few. When I had read the reading list, I almost pitied all the boys in this years' Literature class. Making my way into the school, where I had attended myself, I did not feel nervous about my subject, only the fact that all my lessons today were with pupils only three to four years younger than me. I had managed to graduate a year ahead of my peers from high school, having been a shy, overachieving book nerd and honour student with no social life, so I was pretty young as teachers went. I just hoped I could gain their respect and trust, and not be seen as someone underserving of being taken seriously. This was what was worrying me most today. In the staff room, I was met with a very familiar face. The office manager, Mrs. Cope, still looked exactly the same as she had when I had been here some few years earlier. "Bella, it's lovely to see you again. I must say, love, you're even more beautiful than I remember. Your hair, pretty face and eyes always were what had all the boys drooling, if I remember rightly. Now you've got a banging figure to match." Blushing from my toes up, I looked at the floor. I was sure she was exaggerating. I had always been too shy around boys, and I certainly never recalled anyone drooling over me before. I had been as flat-chested as a plank, with no arse or hips to speak of. Thankfully, my body had had a late bloom of sorts, and now I sported a healthy bust line, and my hips and arse had finally filled out. I was just grateful my waist hadn't followed suit, and the "freshman fifteen" I had put on in college landed in all the right places. "Mrs. Cope, it's lovely to see you, too, after all these years, but I think you've me mistaken for someone else. I don't recall any boys ever…" "No, Bella, I'm sure I'm right," she interrupted. "I specifically remember walking behind...um, I think it was Jasper Whitlock one day when he was talking about you...wait, no, I'm mistaken. Jasper was there, but it was Emmett Cullen who was drooling, Jasper was just listening. They were trying to decide if he dare ask you to the spring dance." Emmett Cullen...there was no way. He had scared the crap out of me. He was gorgeous, huge and the football captain, the poster boy for rich and hot, wanted by all my female classmates, and even a few of the males. We had only ever said about five words to each other the whole time I had been at this school. Emmett Cullen ran with a whole different crowd to the likes of me. The Cullen's came from money. Their father was a successful doctor, and their mother was an award-winning interior designer. I remembered his younger sister, Alice, who had been sweet, and year behind us, then an even younger brother, whose name I didn't know. Anyway, I was sure Mrs. Cope was mistaking me with someone like Lauren Mallory or Jessica Stanley. They were always the two who got all the boys' attention. My best friend, Angela, had been like me, shy and quiet, and she had dated Ben Cheney since forever. They'd gotten married last year, and I was her maid of honour. Shaking my head, still disbelieving what she'd said, I was introduced all around the staff room and was pleased to see some friendly faces offering encouragement and a helping hand should I need it. George Bartley, head of the English department, walked me to my classroom. He had interviewed me and was excited to have a person on board with new innovative ideas. He was looking to change the way Literature was taught in this school, and I was his first step in that change. He had given me free reign in teaching the curriculum, and I would be judged on my merits and exam results at the end of the year. I was really looking forward to trailing some new methods, not only to see if they were successful, but to see what the kids thought of them. My classroom was well-equipped and large, which was good. I hated adult-sized kids being squashed up in small classrooms. When I had been in training, one of my placements had been at an inner-city school that had been cramped to beyond belief. The seniors there really struggled to have personal space, and I truly believed it hindered their learning. The board had not been too happy to hear me voice that concern. Here, the room was bright and airy, large windows let in lots of natural light, and I had plenty of wall space to create displays and put up prompts and leaflets. My first class was due in soon, so I looked over the register and put out worksheets on the right number of desks. They were not going to be happy. I had, of course, been given a profile of where each and every one of them was level-wise, but I wanted to get a feel for each of them for myself and see where they were to make my own assessment. I had set all my classes an assignment to be completed this week. I wanted them all to write me a love poem. It could be on any subject, as long as it fell into the category of Romance. True or fiction, love or not, I didn't care. I wanted to see how their creative minds worked. My first class groaned when I explained what I wanted them to do. The boys in the class shouted, "Aw, Miss Swan..." I refused to give in. I told them to trust me, work with me. I told them they wouldn't regret it. The second class pretty much acted the same way, groaning and requesting more time. I stuck steadfast to my timeline. After a quick coffee break, my next class made their way in. This class had more girls than boys, and I hoped they would be more amenable to my assigned task. A quick register call attracted me to a familiar name. Edward Cullen. He must have been the younger brother of Emmett and Alice I'd heard about. When I called out the name, I heard a quiet, "Here," but I failed to pick up exactly where it came from, as my head was down, ticking off the names. Why did I expect any more from this class? The fact was, the girls in this class moaned louder and for longer than all the boys in the two previous classes combined. This third class was rowdier than the other classes, too, and I had to speak to several of the girls on more than one occasion for talking. And they were not talking about Literature. It sounded like boys, parties and cheerleading routines were their subjects of choice. I finally asked two of the girls, Shannon and Tanya, to stay behind after class. I needed to make sure they understood my class rules. Just because I was young did not mean I would let them take advantage of me. In my training, my classroom management skills had always scored me top marks. I was deemed to be firm but fair and expected high standards of good behavior, resulting in more focused learning and higher exam results. "Ladies, stay in your seats, please," I demanded as the rest of the class filed out. "Miss Swan, we'll be late for our cheerleading practice," Shannon whined, pulling a face like she was in pain. "Well, maybe you both should've thought about that when you continued to talk throughout my class after I'd asked you to stop. Now, let's set some ground rules, shall we. One, in my class, you pay attention and listen at all times. Two, no talking between yourselves, unless I specifically give you instruction to do so about a topic we're working on. Three, if this continues, then I shall have no option but to have you both removed from the cheerleading squad until your behaviour is of a standard that reflects someone representing this school. Now, I don't like to come down hard on my first day, girls, but you really did give me no choice. You work hard in my class, and I'll support you all the way. Do we understand each other?" They both looked shocked to the core. I would have been willing to bet that no one had ever threatened them with consequences before. I hated playing the bad cop, but I felt that being young, I needed to set ground rules early. Boundaries were what some kids needed, and I would have bet these two had never had someone tell them no before. "Yes, Miss Swan," they said in unison, Shannon doing so with an eye roll. "Good, well, get off to practice then, and give this note to your coach, so you don't get into trouble further. I'll see you both tomorrow, and I look forward to reading both your poems next week." The gentle reminder of their assignment had them sighing as they went out the door. Hands being clapped made me raise my head, and Mr. Bartley was stood in the doorway, smiling widely. "Very well handled, Miss Swan, those two have driven Mrs. White to distraction this year. Only thing they're interested in is cheerleading. We were wondering what to do with them. I like your approach; you scratch my back, and I'll scratch yours. You'll probably get a visit from Coach Clapp for threatening her two star cheerleaders; can't imagine that'll go down well, but I'll back you all the way. They're here to learn first and foremost. Extracurricular activities are a privilege they must earn. It's something as a school we must start pushing. If grades start to fall, their automatic inclusion to teams and squads can be pulled. I'll reinforce it at the next