Hello friends! This is my first fan fiction, although not my first written work. I have always loved Lily and James, but have lately been wanting to see Lily grow up a bit out of Hogwarts before they got together. Thus, this story was born. Although it diverges from the canon timeline, I do try my best to stick with the information J.K. Rowling has given about this time period. I have no idea how long this story will be, but I cannot wait to see where it leads! Expect more explicit content (both war and love related) in later chapters. Please review and let me know what you think! Disclaimer: The Wizarding World, and all characters within, are property of J.K. Rowling. 1. Lily Evans wiped down the worn and weary oak bar, the blue moonlight streaming in through the window and unnecessarily reminding her of how disgustedly early in the morning it was. Quarter til four. She surveyed the empty pub, which seemed so much smaller without the steady bustle of familiar patrons weaving through the tables and crowding around the bar. Colder, too. She pulled her woolen grey wrap tighter around her narrow shoulders, shivering unconsciously. She tossed the damp towel into the leaky sink and walked up the back stairs into the apartment that sat above the pub, and that Lily and her two roommates called home. She leaned against the doorframe of Dorcas Meadowes' room, watching her peacefully smile in her sleep. What a shame to wake her , Lily thought, she must be having a lovely dream. Indeed, there was little to smile about these days, for Dorcas or any other who inhabited the hidden world of magic in Britain in 1979. It had been two years since the war had officially broken out, although its hateful undercurrent had been simmering for decades. Lord Voldemort had been slowly gaining followers and power on the platform of prejudice against Muggleborns, witches and wizards who came from non-magical families, and hatred towards Muggles themselves. First seen as an extremist party with only sporadic hate crimes to its name, Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters now held sway over a majority of the Ministry of Magic, and their unflinching use of violence cowed many of its opposition into submission. Lily Evans was a Muggleborn witch. When Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, had first arrived on the steps of her coal-blackened stone house in Cokeworth, she felt like she had stepped into one of the many books that littered her bookshelf, nightstand, floor, bathroom sink, pretty much any flat surface that she came into contact with. Of course, her best friend Severus Snape from down the street had been telling her for years that she was a witch. She just assumed that he was making fun of her; she was used to being made fun of, but Sev didn't seem mean about it so she just nodded and went along with it. Some days Lily wished she could go back in time to before she got her Hogwarts letter, when she thought that magic solved everything. The truth was, magic just amplified problems, made them even more complicated. The city of Inverness had turned into a bit of a hub for young Muggleborn and halfblood witches and wizards since the start of the war. Located in the Scottish Highlands, it was far enough away from London that they were able to stay away from the mess that the Ministry had become. It was also close to Hogwarts. None of the Muggleborns or halfbloods would ever actually admit it, but they had a childlike fear that if they strayed too far from the school, one day they would wake up and realize that the past several years had been nothing but a dream. Hogwarts was their lodestone. It was for these same geographical reasons that Albus Dumbledore had chosen Inverness for one of the safe houses for the Order of the Phoenix, the guerilla group he had formed to help fight against Voldemort. And it was this safe house that Lily Evans currently inhabited, and for this reason that she reluctantly shook Dorcas awake. In the same way the Leaky Cauldron was the magical gateway to Diagon Alley, The Mucky Duck was the door to the Inverness Safe House. Lily and her roommates, Dorcas Meadows and Mary McDonald, were barmaids, gatekeepers, healers, and hostesses; really, whatever Dumbledore asked them to be, they were. Lily had been asked to join the Order of the Phoenix at the end of her seventh year at Hogwarts. Her answer had been an automatic yes, although whether that was out of pure Gryffindor loyalty and courage, or because of the stark realization that she had nowhere else to go, she would never really know. The three girls shared shifts: eight hours in the bar, playing both barmaid and guard, eight hours in the safe house upstairs acting as a Healer and hostess to the Order members that stumbled in and out, and eight hours to themselves. Lily spent a majority of her free time working on brewing potions, both for their makeshift hospital and for the front lines. She squeezed in sleep when she could, although not nearly enough, as her roommates frequently berated her for. Dorcas usually wore her hair in some sort of style, whether tightly plaited or pulled back into a bun or ponytail, but in her sleep she had allowed her hair to billow out around her, her tight black curls making it look like the foam that surged up at the bottom of a waterfall. It was the kind of mess, a beautiful mess, that Dorcas would never abide in her waking hours. To say that Dorcas Meadowes was a control freak would be a terrible understatement. She had lived surrounded by secrets her whole life, and had to maintain tight control over every aspect of her life so as to never let the façade slip. Her mother came from an old pureblood family, but had fallen in love with a Muggle who worked in the coastal town in Wales that her family vacationed in during the summer. Following Hogwarts, Genevieve Fawley had run away with Tom Ward, hiding in the Muggle world for over a year, until the day that her beloved died in an automobile accident. Lost in an unfamiliar world, without her lover and her guide, she had returned home in disgrace, only to learn that she was pregnant. Her childhood best friend, Damian Meadowes, had proposed marriage to save her and her future child from ostracization by the ruthless pureblood society. Dorcas spent her childhood pretending to be the perfect pureblood heir, even begging the Sorting Hat to place her into Slytherin. She carefully selected every word, action, even facial expression to hide her true heritage, what she viewed as her dirty little secret. It wasn't until Lily Evans had found the dark-haired Slytherin weeping in an empty classroom over a particularly gruesome issue of the Daily Prophet in their fourth year that she admitted the truth out loud for the first time since her mother had told her when she was eight years old. For the next three years Lily was Dorcas's confidant, and eventually became her best friend, even if their friendship stayed in the shadows of secret passages and hidden classrooms. It was not a wise choice for either of them to broadcast a friendship with someone from a rival house, as Lily had learned the hard way through the destruction of her relationship with Severus. In seventh year, though, Dorcas finally made her allegiance public. When two Death Eaters in training, Preston Nott and Grayson Mulciber, attacked Lily from behind in a corridor while she was on patrol, Dorcas had hexed them so thoroughly that it took three days for the two boys regained consciousness. The dark-skinned girl had immediately been forced to vacate her dormitory in the dungeon or face brutal retaliation from the rest of the Slytherins. Lily had brought her friend to the Gryffindor dormitory instead, where a sixth bed had magically appeared overnight; it seemed the castle had found a new home for her. When Dumbledore approached Dorcas to join the Order of the Phoenix the week before graduation, she did not have to consider it for even a second. The choice of which side of the war she would fight on had been made three years ago when a redhead who hardly knew her had sat by her side all night long while she cried and cried. While Lily played potion master for the Order, Dorcas was the herbologist, so when she finally rolled out of bed she immediately grabbed her dragon-skin gloves and, yawning a lazy good morning to her friend, made her way down the twisting hallways to the mini-greenhouse that the girls had converted the attic into. She would check on all of her darling plants before her shift as guard in the pub began. Watching the former Slytherin slink down the hallways, half-heartedly braiding her hair as she went, Lily turned in the opposite direction with a sigh. She wandered down a couple of hallways of the strange apartment, making a few wrong turns and finding a dead-end before finally coming to the Hospital Wing. Lily often wondered what this building had been before it had been turned into a safe house. Had it been some crazy old recluse wizard's home? Maybe it had once been some sort of an inn; it certainly had the space. After two years, Lily still found new rooms every once in awhile; there seemed to be a new secret hidden around every corner. This comforted her though, reminding her of Hogwarts and its unpredictability. She wondered if every wizarding home was this way. She wouldn't know; she had never even been invited over to a wizard's house, not even Dorcas's, and in the current climate she didn't see that happening anytime soon. The redhead knocked on the doorframe of the only open door in the hallway, alerting Mary, who was on duty in the Hospital, to her presence. The cherubic girl had a round face and blond curls cut off at her chin, making her look like she belonged in the 1920s. Sometimes Lily thought that Mary was the only one really cut out for this particular role in the Order; her natural nurturing skills made her the perfect Healer. Mary MacDonald was a former Hufflepuff, a year above Lily in school. She had joined the Order after Lily had been working in the safe house for half a year already; a Muggleborn as well, her family had died in the Derbyshire Massacre of 1979, leaving Mary with no other prospects and a fire burning in her heart for justice. At this moment, her gentle smile was turned towards a rather familiar looking boy with shaggy blonde hair who was smiling wanly back as she held a cool compress to his forehead. "Remus?" Lily asked in shock, taking in her old friend's presence. It had been over a year since the two of them had talked. Formerly fellow Gryffindor prefects, they had always been good friends. Remus was a shy, intelligent, and kind boy, all traits that Lily valued to the highest degree. Privately, she had always believed that the word that best described him was "demure", but she had never told him that in case it offended his sense of masculinity. They had bonded over their irritation at the habit of the other Gryffindors of their year of never studying for class, instead depending on their nerve and sheer dumb luck to make it through. Remus and Lily's perfectionism was a bit of an oddity in their house, a trait that was more commonly seen in Ravenclaw and Slytherin, and they had enjoyed being able to openly admit their petty frustrations. Lily never truly understood how Remus could posses