Hey everyone! It's me, ElleLupin. If you're wondering why I started a new story, it's because I'm having a bit of writers block with my story Changes. I still wanted to write about the Harry Potter universe, so I decided to go with the Next Gen route. I've always really loved James, so I decided to write my own story about him. This story focuses around my OC, Katrina Rivera, and I hope that you guys find her as likable as I do. I feel like with my characters, I never really put the time into developing their backstories. I tried to change that with Kat, and develop her home life. I think you'll see that more in chapter two. Also, the cover is not mine. I just found it on Google, and thought it looked exactly how I wrote Kat to look like. I'm probably going to change it later. Anyway, here's the first chapter of Sunflowers. I really hope you guys like it :) It was the beginning of my sixth year, and a fresh start. I had so much to look forward to- I was only taking classes I liked (goodbye, History of Magic), I no longer had to stress about OWL's, and I was surrounded by my best friends, the kindest people in the world. "Kat, you're stupid," groaned Ezra Henderson, one of my two best friends, also a fellow Hufflepuff. We had a great relationship. The door to our compartment opened, and in stepped my other best friend, Finn Davies. "I don't even know what you're talking about, but I agree," he commented. "Here, Kat, the Daily Prophet." He tossed me the rolled-up newspaper. I caught it as gracefully as I could, without disturbing my cat, Cleo, who slept in my lap happily. She was about 20 pounds of pure fur, and despite her sweet appearance, she could be a real bitch if she tried. Finn sat down next to me, and across from Ezra. I think Finn was the only person in our year, apart from me, who Cleo liked. She absolutely hated Ezra, and we had complete leverage over him. Is it childish to threaten your friend with your cat? Maybe. But she got along with my other best friend, something he played to his full advantage. He scratched her behind the ears, and she purred through her sleep. "Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus," said Ezra slowly and warily. "English, please," asked Finn without missing a beat. I laughed as I translated. "Never poke a sleeping dragon. It's the motto of Hogwarts." "Speaking of sleeping dragons, why was our resident asshole, Ezra, telling you off?" asked Finn, leaning against the side of the compartment. We all swayed forward for a moment as the train began to leave platform 9 ¾. I sighed, dreading the conversation that was about to come. It was the same one every year. "Guess who's being non-confrontal, for the sixth year in a row." Said Ezra in a sing-songy voice. Finn raised a pale eyebrow at me. "I don't have to guess. I know that it's Kat." "Haha," I said dryly, "You've got me. Imagine that, somebody not wanting drama? I know that you all can't relate, what with Ezra always picking fights with Ravenclaws, and Finn having a new girlfriend every week." "They start it," grumbled Ezra. "Those Ravenclaw pieces of shit." "I can't help that I'm a hot piece of ass," shrugged Finn. To catch you up on the drama, I'm one of four girls in my dormitory. The other three are named Anna, Maggie, and Vanessa. It's not that they're rude to me, necessarily. They don't pull mean tricks on me, they don't bully me. They just ignore me. My first year at Hogwarts, I was a weird, cringy, little muggleborn (the first step is acceptance), and they didn't want to be associated with me. Who would want to be friends with me when James Sirius Potter, son of the legendary Harry Potter was in our year? Now that we're in our sixth year, everybody's stopped trying to impress James Potter, as by now, impressions have already been made, but my dormmates still don't associate with me. "I don't want to be a snitch. I don't want to fight hate with hate." I shrugged. "Listen, I've gotten through five full years of them. Two more isn't a big deal." Ezra groaned dramatically, "Why don't you just mention it to Professor Longbottom? Aren't you close?" "His daughter's on the Gryffindor quidditch team, get their strategy!" piped up Finn, the newly-appointed Captain of the Hufflepuff Quidditch team. "I'm not going to get their strategy," I answered Finn, the fair Hufflepuff voice coming from deep within me, "And besides, Longbottom and I aren't close. I just help him in the greenhouses sometimes because it's fun. He gives me chocolate frogs. We don't talk much, apart from facts about the plants and such." Ezra, ever the actor, flopped back into his seat. "Kat, you're killing me." Cleo, curled up in my lap, opened a yellow eye, and flexed her claws into my leg. "Wrong cat," he muttered, visibly tensing in his seat. "Please don't kill me, Cleo." Finn snorted with laughter, but when he managed to control himself, he spoke again. "Tell you what, Kat. We'll make you a bargain." "We will?" asked Ezra. " Yes ," Finn said emphatically. "We'll make an agreement. We'll stop bugging you about the roommate situation if you try out for the Hufflepuff Quidditch team." I snorted in a very un-ladylike way. "Not a chance. I'll take the nagging about my roommates. There's no way in hell that I'd voluntarily get up and make a fool out of myself in front of everyone. You're delusional if you think that I would, Finn." "Please?" he asked, giving me a sad look with his baby-blue eyes. It wasn't hard to figure out why girls were tripping over him. He was a pretty-boy, but I knew way too much to ever get into that shitfest. I could never date Ezra or Finn, they were like brothers to me. "C'mon, Kat, we just lost a Beater this year. We need a replacement, and I know you're good at playing that position." "Yeah, when I'm playing in your backyard," I argued. "I'm 5 foot solid, and I haven't played with match-speed bludgers. What are the odds that I hit it strong enough to send it towards a player? I would probably get knocked off my broom trying. I could literally die out on the field. Or worse, make a fool of myself." Ezra shrugged, "I get the whole making a fool of yourself part, but let's be real here, Kat. You might be tiny, but you have man shoulders. Those broad sons of bitches aren't going anywhere." I faux-gasped. I used to be insecure about my broad shoulders, but Ezra and Finn had gotten me to laugh about it. I did have rather masculine shoulders, and there was nothing I could do to change them, so why waste the time being insecure about it? "You take that back!" "Man shoulders," he called me unapologetically. "And don't try denying it." "I'll sic Cleo on you," I challenged. He gulped. "Shit, alright," he grumbled. "We're cool, right Kat?" I wondered which Kat/cat he was talking to. Finn didn't seem all too bothered by me turning him down. When I prompted him about it, he just shrugged. "Let's be real here, Kat. Tryouts are in a month. I have a month to convince you to join the team. I've convinced girls to do a lot more in less time." I gagged, "God, Finn, I don't want to know what you convince girls to do in your free time-" "Not what I meant!" he said hastily. "But just you see, Rivera, you'll be a Beater before you know it." We sat in silence for a little longer, and I pet Cleo during it, feeling the rumble of her purr through my whole body. She was like a miniature lawnmower. Eventually, I opened the Daily Prophet that Finn had got for me. Being a muggleborn, I rarely had wizarding money on me, so I relied on Finn or Ezra to buy the Prophet for me. They usually ended up reading it after me, so it wasn't a waste of their money. What I saw on the front page shocked me. "Holy shit, Shacklebolt's retiring?" I said, my jaw dropping. "Yeah, didn't you hear?" asked Ezra casually. I was about to throw the Prophet at him, before I remembered that I wanted to read it. "We don't all live in wizarding houses during the summer. I spend my entire summer at home in Stratford-Upon-Avon, or as I like to call it, the most boring tourist trap on Earth. How am I supposed to catch up on wizarding news if you guys don't write to me about it?" "I was busy coming up with quidditch plays all summer, I don't have the time to write to you about politics." Said Finn unapologetically, "But, speaking of summers, Kat, how was yours?" asked Finn. I shrugged. "Not bad. I didn't sleep much, but that's just what happens when your little brother's still a baby. He gave me this, though, the little devil." I said, gesturing to the scar that cut through my right eyebrow. "Did you get beat up by your thirteen month-old brother?" asked Ezra, his face lighting up disturbingly. Apparently my misfortune was hilarious to him. "I did not," I protested. Finn gasped, "Kat, you got beat up by your thirteen month-old brother." I backhanded him against his bicep, and he grumbled in dismay. "I did not get beat up by my thirteen month-old brother. He threw a fork at me when I was trying to feed him his Cheerios, and it cut my eyebrow." "Why did he have a fork to eat Cheerios?" asked Ezra. "All the spoons were dirty and I didn't feel like washing them," I admitted, "I have no shame. He's a baby, he won't be traumatized by the time that I gave him a fork instead of a spoon. He should just feel lucky I didn't give him chopsticks." Ezra laughed, "What a great mother you'll be." he said dryly. "Rude," I commented. "But to get back to what we were talking about before we went off on a tangent, why is Shacklebolt retiring?" The boys looked confused at my math reference, and I had to remember that I was the only one in the compartment who took arithmancy. Finn shrugged, "It probably says it in the article. I think he's just been Minister for such a long time. Something like 20 years, y'know? He probably wants to go chill in the Bahamas with his wife, or whatever." "Who do you think is gonna be the next Minister?" I asked, "Who are the big politicians in the wizarding world?" Being a muggleborn, I know next-to nothing about wizarding politics. I probably should, because it affects me, but I never have the time. Ezra scratched his head, thinking hard. "Well, if Hermione Granger-Weasley runs, she'll win hands-down. It just depends on if she decides to run or not. Same with Harry Potter, but I think he's busy being an Auror. If either of them run, they'll win. If neither of them run, it's anyone's game." "Damn. It's so weird to think of a life without Shacklebolt as Minister." I muttered. "We'll surv-" said Ezra, before stopping abruptly, staring at the door to our compartment with a blank expression. There stood Mirella Williford, a Slytherin in our year, making googly-eyes at Finn. He waved weakly, looking ready to curl up and die. "Finn, you little player, you." I whispered, trying not to move my lips, as I awkwardly waved atWilliford. Finn muttered angrily through his teeth, "I swear, all I did was respond to her owl over the summer." Williford blew him a kiss,