This was a story originally conceived for the Dirty Talking Edward contest. Over a year and a half later, this is what it grew into. Please find the link to the playlist in my profile. My sincerest thanks to Jdifrans1 for so much kind encouragement and support. My deepest gratitude to yellowglue, for unfailing inspiration and generosity, for giving so much of her time and honest love to this story. She sent me music, kept me motivated, listened closely, suggested gently, talked to me when i got stuck, and makes me glow out loud. Words fail to express just how much i adore you. Thank you. i do not own Twilight. Explicit does not begin to cover it - don't say you weren't warned. Thank you for reading. The tiger's claws. Black, or almost-black – kind of faded because they're so far down his forearm. The tiger's paw, at least three shades of orange. The tiger's head, green eyes lit up with white flame. The dice, a hard eight, and a girl behind them. She's red haired and topless, thighs crossed, elegant, floating. Like a ballerina. I'm up to his bicep, tribal black in thorns and spirals that weave around thick muscles, and I'm so close. I'm so fucking close, imagining the ink covering his left arm, and how it's going to shake when he touches me. How the lines of his muscles are going to animate the crowded still life of his sleeve. "Edward Masen," I breathe so quietly. I know he's downstairs with my brother and their friends. I don't want him to hear me. "Edward Masen, edwardmasen, edwardmasen, edwardedwardedward ..." His cocky half-smile, and that laugh, the way his eyelids drop and his lips ride up, just on the left, always only on the left, right over his heart. The way the lights played on his skin the night I saw him in the club with Jessica. The way she danced with him like she forgot she was in public. The way he palmed himself, adjusting his cock with his whole hand before he came back to the bar afterwards. Right in front of me, even though he didn't know I was there. I wasn't supposed to be. The way the strobe glinted off the gun tucked in the back of his waistband when he turned. I saw it. They don't call it a gang, my brother and his friends. But I know. I saw. And I see the way he looks at me. The way he shifts when I walk into a room. He won't touch me because I'm Brady's little sister, but I see him, and I want, and want, and want, like I've wanted for years, like I've never wanted anything else … He doesn't have a girlfriend. He doesn't do that. He won't make me his, and I don't care, I just want him to … I just want him . My hand moves faster, my hips helplessly rising into its rhythm. I hear his voice; I can pick it out of the other sounds from downstairs and it's a laugh, but I know it's his laugh. My whole body feels like it's humming, like every part of me is overloaded with need, and warm hope, and him, and more, and more, and yes, and fuck – When I hear the front door shut, I have this instinct to close my legs, to not let him go, but I know what I'm going to hear next ... The rumble of his motorcycle starting up outside spills into me, and the deepest sweetest little muscles inside tighten, and hold, and hold, and hold so hard, and I can't breathe until they flicker, flutter, until they pulse impulsive pleasure through me, little ripples of luscious, blinding relief. My voice is a shuddering moan, too loud, and I sink into my bedspread, waning, as the sound melts from my lips, and the motorcycle purrs down the block, away from me. It feels so good, but it's not enough. It never is. The party has plateaued to the point where I can barely hear the music; it's just a dull, flavorless thumping in my ears. Every room smells like spilled beer and smoke. I've only had two Coronas, but I'm lightheaded from the second hand nicotine. Smoke rises, so I sit down at the bottom of the stairs and smooth my pleated black-and-white-and-red plaid wool skirt. I felt just like a little doll in the mirror at home. Tall, flat black equestrian-style boots and a wide belt made me feel so grown up. Excited twirls showed just a brief hint of pink laciness underneath if I spun the right way and looked really quickly, and I giggled to imagine him staring, hungry and curious for what's underneath. But now pretty pleats feel too small. I stretch and stretch, but I can't make them touch my knees. My brother was right. I should have stayed home. There's a half-bath under the stairs, and someone is getting sick inside it. I can't handle listening to dry heaves, so I stand to get myself another beer. Pushing through a narrow, crowded hallway, I try to slip past a boy covered in bold black spiderweb tattoos. He steps into me instead of letting me by, and I have to brush my tits against his arm to pass. He looks down my lacy red camisole. I feel his stare in my throat. I don't care. It's not Edward. I only want Edward. All that's left in the fridge now is Rolling Rock. I may be only eighteen, but I'm not drinking that. Behind me is a mess of the party's makeshift bar, a tray of thick glass bottles half-tipped and sticky, caps gone and no cups in sight. I pick out a less-than-half-full bottle of Malibu and leave through the back of the kitchen, moving into the den, and there. There he is. Sitting in the middle of a long leather sofa, I only see him from behind, but it's more than enough to tell. I know by his death's head moth tattoo, its wings burning through me from the back of his neck, between his collar and his hairline. I know it by the way he's smoking white-tipped cigarettes, and ashing on the floor like he owns this town. And if that wasn't enough, I know because I feel it between my legs. The thirsty, punishing heat of nearly lifelong desire makes my heart tighten and slip its rhythm, and I take a deep drink of coconut rum. It only makes it beat faster. He's got some girl under his arm, and she's leaning against the side of his chest, but I know he doesn't like her. She's blonde, and talking, for a start. Her gold hoop earrings hang just shy of her shoulders, and she tucks herself close into him and whispers something in his ear. He doesn't respond, not even with a nod, and she gets up. He doesn't follow her with his eyes. I think about slipping into the warm space she left on the couch beside him. I want to fold myself under that arm, the one with the thick black and red crucifix tattoo he got when his uncle Carlisle was shot. I want to bury my nose into Edward Masen's side and get dizzy on his scent,tobacco and shadows and gasoline. I want to melt like a snowflake on his lips. My stomach is tickling with armies of butterflies, but I'm not brave enough. Not yet. I take another drink, the sweetish burn riding down my throat, and walk back towards the door for a head of fresh air. As I pass the bathroom, the door is open and two of my brother's crew, Eric and Ben, are half-carrying him out of it, helping him walk between them. So that's who was throwing up. My brother is completely limp, and they're struggling to hold him up, a little more than tipsy themselves. I dart ahead and hold the front door open for them. "Are you taking him home?" I ask. Ben nods, and Eric's eyes meet mine. "He's done. You okay here, Bella? Want to ride with us?" "I'm fine," I reply, too quickly. "I want to stay." He scowls, but keeps walking my brother's passed-out body towards Ben's Chevelle. "I'll come back and give you a ride after we get him cleaned up," he calls over his shoulder as Ben fumbles with his keys. "It's okay, I'll get a ride with Katie," I call after them, but they don't look back, and I'm not sure if they heard me as they slump my brother's body across the backseat. I haven't known anyone named Katie since third grade, and she's certainly not here tonight. I don't know anyone here but him. Edward. And no one but him knows me. My stomach twists in protest, but I swallow another mouthful of rum anyway. I want him to notice me so bad, but not really me. Not this me. I want him to notice who I could be. Outside on the front porch, holding a cigarette I bummed from a girl in an asymmetrical pink top, I sigh. I want to feel like I belong here. To feel older, braver, and like I don't give a fuck. I want to be noticeable, to be sexy. So far I'm just dizzy, and empty-feeling, and kind of ready to go home instead. Sitting out here wishing while this cigarette grows into ash isn't working. Dumping what's left of the Malibu into the bushes, I throw the butt towards the street and walk back into the house. I just want to see his face, once, and drink in how good I bet he looks tonight. I want to memorize the curls of smoke that seem to always surround him, the shadows that his hoodie casts over his eyes, the way they move and breathe. The way seeing him creates air in my lungs out of nothing. I want to take that with me and roll it over in my mind while I walk home, ignoring too-young, too-frustrated tears. He's still in the same spot on the couch, still alone, his back to me. The thick black cotton of his pulled-up hood looks like a hoodlum crown. Ben and Eric might come back and ask after me. I might as well tell him I'm leaving. Not like it matters. In order to see his face, I have to let him see mine. I take a deep breath and tug my skirt down, suddenly shy in the very thing I wanted him to see me in. It feels fake instead of pretty. I wish I hadn't worn it. I wish I could take it off. I suck in a breath, playing nonchalant, and step in front of the couch. His eyes are shaded by his hood, one hand in his pocket and the other wrapped around a blunt. Someone on his left is talking to him, but he stares off, not listening. His friend stops as I wait. Just say it. "I'm going home. Just so you know ... in case anybody asks." He tips his head up into the smoky lamplight, and the hand in his pocket comes up to rub this thumb against the scruff on his chin. His eyes are dark, dilated, his lids half-dipped as he examines me, thinking. I stare at the little red heart on his thumb. "Where's Brady?" "He got sick. Eric and Ben took him home." He nods and his eyes go behind me, to the TV that's been on mute the whole time, something with car crashes and high speed chases, repeating over and over. "You can stay if you want. I'll take you home." On a motorcycle. He rides a motorcycle . I've seen it so many times, but I've never ridden on it. He lifts the blunt to his mouth while