Hi. Spinebreaker was a collaboration, written round-robin style a few years ago, between Edwardsbloodtype, Jadalulu, myself, and YellowGlue. We didn't discuss, edit, or plan out our words, we each just wrote 500 of them and passed them to the next person. We ended up with this, and it was our baby, and we loved it. No matter what has happened between us, this was a really fun and exciting experience for me, and I think we all had a great time working together on it. It's been a few years, but I thought I might post it here for you to enjoy, at least for a few days. Happy Halloween! Rated M for violence, horror, and general twisted-ness. All rights and respects to Stephenie Meyer who owns all things Twilight . The static of the police radio was like another language. Indecipherable crackling and snapping poured over the tones of a dispatcher's voice. Thankfully, it was a language Police Chief Charlie Swan was fluent in. Damning his lukewarm cup of coffee to the trash as the voice called the Chief to break up an overly raucous party in a residential area, he shook his head. Checking his weapon and handcuffs, he rose slowly from the chair, a creak in his bones as he left the comfort of the station for the cruiser. Pulling up to the house the dispatcher had directed him to, the Chief couldn't tell if the party had dissipated on its own in the time it took him to arrive. Red plastic cups, beer cans and distressingly, female undergarments lay abandoned on the lawn of the two-story suburban home. There was no loud music though, no teenagers stumbling down the sidewalk in a drunken rush to avoid authority. He pushed the front door and it swung open silently. He entered the home with careful footsteps, seeing more evidence of a party, but no partygoers. Suddenly a rustle from his left sent his back against the wall and his hand straight for his holster. A big yellow Labrador burst from the living room and ran past him, out the open door. Only a dog , he sighed to himself, trying to will his heartbeat to slow. Exploring the first floor with his teeth clenched tightly and his breathing shallow, he found a keg on its side, more discarded items of clothing, and a lingering smell of marijuana. But no kids. "Hello?" he called as he climbed the stairs to the second floor. No answer. "This is Chief Swan of the Forks Police Department," his voice boomed out with a familiar note of authority. "Anyone home?" Carefully, he nudged door after door open. Empty bedroom. Empty bedroom. Empty bathroom, smelling of vomit and piss. Nice tiles though. Linen closet. As he gently opened the last door, finally he found a person. Two people, actually. Asleep. He recognized Ben Cheney and Angela Weber right away from their volunteer work at the library next to the police station. They were both good kids who stayed out of trouble. He had no intention of arresting them for being found asleep at a party. Even if they were buck naked and wrapped around each other. He gently shook Ben's shoulder and advised him to get himself and his girlfriend dressed and on their way home, before his forgiving nature wore out. Descending the stairs, shaking his head in puzzlement, Chief Swan decided to give the basement a quick check for more passed-out lovebirds before he radioed back to the dispatcher. Scanning the darkness of the basement with his flashlight, Charlie's heart thudded, his breath shook and his hands fumbled for his police radio. A broken vodka bottle. An upturned card table. And blood. So much blood. Uneasiness was hard to swallow. He coughed and had to start his call over. Six dead. Seven. Jesus Christ. There was blood everywhere. Working with years of iron-stomached practice, the Chief surveyed the basement. Every blink was filthy and unforgettable. The ball of a pale ankle, popped out of place. Bare foot. Purple polish. The broken back of a folding chair, across the room. On its side. The light fixture above him, shattered. Fluorescent glass under his boot, stuck with blood. More blood thick under fingers. Smeared thin along snapped elbows. Matted in blonde and stained across cheekbones. He could taste in his throat with bile. Forks wasn't like this. Forks was quiet. The loss of life around him would have felt unreal if he could somehow have ignored how violently and absolutely real everything felt. He blinked and saw the sticky red corner of a high school letterman jacket. His mind strayed from his work, toward home. Crackling static didn't give him a second. The dispatcher was asking something he couldn't make out. The ceiling creaked. Above him, something was moving. Officer Swan, appalled and bewildered by the signs of death all around him, started up the stairs to investigate the noise when he noticed a lifeless hand peeking from behind a stack of mildewed cardboard boxes. From where he was, he could see that it was clearly the small, fragile appendage of a female, bloodied open palm held up like an offering…or a plea. He swallowed thickly, shaking his head as he backed down the stairs once again, daring to approach the body. He was torn. Upstairs, whoever was wandering about the house could be the key to uncovering the filthy beast that created this savage scene. Or, as his heart pounded in his chest, he realized he could venture across the room to where the girl lay discarded, cold and still, the whole time knowing that because he knew everyone in this small town, there was a very real possibility that the hand could belong to one of his daughter's teenage friends. Or his daughter. But he couldn't think of that now. The creaking above suddenly stopped. Chief Swan's senses were on high alert, his keen hearing pinpointing any minute sound in the house, though nothing much could be heard over the pounding in his chest. With extreme trepidation, he moved stealthily across the floor, avoiding the thick pools of blood. When he bent down to view the girl, all he could he could make out were the bloodied remains of a nude body, gutted from neck to crotch and spread open like a deer. The bright yellow bits of a torn Forks High School cheerleading uniform lie in a heap beside it. All the years he'd been on the force, no emergency call he had ever arrived at had been this gruesome. The chief covered his mouth and gagged, holding back the slice of pie Sue had served him earlier in the diner. All he could think about was thanking God that this wasn't his daughter. Thank God she was too uncoordinated to be a cheerleader. As he called in to radio for backup, a glimpse of something sticking out of the dead girl's ripped open torso sent chills up his spine. Reaching into his pocket, he retrieved a pair of rubber gloves, slipping them on his hands with a snap and a puff of powder. The sucking sound the grisly remains made when he wedged his hand between the ribcage made him gag again, but what he pulled from the body made him gasp aloud. It was some sort of hardcover book. No. Upon further inspection, Officer Swan realized that the bloodied book he was holding was indeed… A diary. A tangible piece of... Whoever this poor girl was. Or is it? Did it belong to her? How the hell did it end up in her... Jesus Christ. Rubbing the back of his free hand across his forehead, the slight perspiration there and the tremble of his hands begin a macabre sort of awareness... A chilling realization of where he was standing and of what occurred here not so long ago. A sliver of panic wormed its way up the line of his backbone, beginning at the base of his spine and tip toeing up each vertebrae until he could damn near taste it on the back of his tongue. His eyes darted down again and his stomach rolled. Where her hair and eyes and lips should have been, there was only concrete, dank with blood, and what Chief Swan was less than comfortable recognizing as intestines. His composure couldn't afford to wonder why she was headless. Even the just thought of the level of depravity that something like this would have taken was suffocating. It breathed down the back of his neck, hot and humid. Snapping himself out of it, he reminded himself that he had a job to do, as well as a possible suspect hovering a floor above him Tapping into his training, however deficient it felt in a situation such as this, he looked around the poorly lit basement. His eyes landed on a utility shelf lined with old cardboard boxes and junk. Quickly, and quietly, he rifled through the mess until he came across a semi-clean plastic storage bag. He slid the bloodied book into it, but didn't even have a chance to place the evidence into his back pocket before another sound ripped through the silence. A shrill, blood curdling scream came from upstairs. In a single second, his weapon was unholstered and secured between both hands, pointed at the staircase. With duty-born motivation and a silent prayer, he began his ascent. As much as it wrenched his stomach and frizzled his nerves to turn his back on the grotesque scene, he had no choice. He climbed the stairs slowly, each foot finding sure and silent purchase before his weight shifted, one hand on his service revolver, pointed shakily at the top of the stairs. Just a few steps from the door, he spied the white line of light sliding under the door flash black for a moment before its thin brightness was restored, as if something had passed by swiftly, silently. But nothing moves that fast quietly, right? A crackling blast of overly-loud static screamed from the Chief's police radio and his heart turned itself inside out in panic. His trembling fingers fumbled for the mute button, but it was too late to keep his cover of silence. Oh God, oh God, I don't want to die. I don't want to die. Fucking keep it together, Swan. If you lose your head, you got nothing. He might have lost his cloak of silence, but he could still take advantage of the element of surprise. Stuffing the bagged diary into the back pocket of his uniform pants, he drew his weapon and clicked the safety off. One deep breath. Another. In an instant, every aged and complaining muscle in his body was electrically alive as he burst up the last steps and kicked the door out, gun drawn, finger tight on the trigger. He turned left, his back pressed against the wall beside the door, before quickly turning right, his whole body shuddering with adrenaline. Nothing. Not a creak, not a scream, not a cricket. Not even a breath of wind. No sound to break the surface of the ocean of horrified silence that had settled into the walls. Gradually relaxing his stance, Chief Swan drew his back away from the wall, his legs tense and uneasy beneath him. Stepping back through the hallway toward the front door, his thoughts swirled like dark ink in the pit of his stomach. Please God Jesus please just let me get out of here. I just want to fucking get out of here. Slow step followed slow step, his boots whispering soft taps as the safety of the threshold neared. Tap. Tap. Squish. Afraid to look down, but unable to resist the reflex, Chief Swan found his left boot resting in a puddle of slick red blood. Blood that was moving. Expanding. A sob escaped his chest as he looked up to find Ben Cheney and Angela Weber's bodies