Hello, everyone! I'm back, with the fic I've been talking about working on for the past few years. This one hits close to home, dealing as it does with PTSD specifically, and mental illness in general. As someone who has dealt with it myself, as well as watched many people I care for go through it and other illnesses, I've often found myself...annoyed with how it's portrayed in fiction. Generally, you have two extremes. Either the person goes completely of the deep end with drugs, alcoholism, and sex and violence, or else everything is magically cured by love. Anyone in between is left to fall through the cracks, not 'interesting' enough. Not spicy. Not dramatic. As if the pain is somehow less, just because some level of functionality is retained. In this fic, I want to explore this middle ground more, and the effect it can have on relationships; romantic, platonic, and familial. I also want to show that while support definitely, definitely helps, it doesn't cure you. People can love you, and support you, but the healing takes place within, and only you can make the choices to get there. And even then, it often doesn't go away completely. Just to clear a few things up, since I know this subject makes some people nervous; Ron isn't going to be portrayed as some sort of monster. He is never going to physically harm Hermione. He's not going to do the cliche *gasp* he calls her a Mudblood! bit either. He's not always going to be perfect. He's going to be snappish sometimes. The mood swings and slight paranoia is going to make him say things he doesn't mean. He's going to make progress and backslide. Hermione, for her part, isn't going to be the quiet, dutiful girlfriend. Yes, she is going to be supportive; yes, she is going to try to be mindful of his needs. But she is going to crack a little under the confusion of not knowing what to do-it changes and it's hard to keep up with. And sometimes she's going to snap back at him; it's not always easy to control your own emotional reactions when someone hurts you, even when you know why. They aren't going to be perfect, because people...just aren't. But it is going to be based on love and respect, and the determination to make it through to better times. Now, I know this sounds sort of dark and depressing, but I promise, that even though this is a serious subject, there's going to be humor, and tender, loving moments throughout! Some of you have been with me since the beginning of To Know You is to Love You; I hope you enjoy this second (shorter!) journey with me. Onward, into the fray! The silence in the flat felt like two heavy weights in his ears, making him uncomfortably aware of the whoosh of blood pumping through them. With a jerk of his arm, he used his wand to turn the radio on, then almost immediately turned it off; the sudden, loud noise scraping at his nerves. Fuck, but he hated days off. It threw off his schedule, and he hated sitting around, not doing anything useful when there was fucking scum out on the streets that needed to be cleaned up. He had tried, early on, to work his off days anyway, but had been banned from doing so after an...iincident/i with Pethwick. Ron rolled his eyes. Alright, he might've snapped, but in all fairness, he'd been without sleep for nearly four days straight, and that arse Pethwick was going to get someone killed one of these days with his carelessness. "But of course, iI'm/i the one that gets called out for it," Ron grumbled, his voice breaking the silence. At least Harry hadn't mentioned it to anyone else-they were already nagging him about getting more sleep. Then he would have to smile and nod, when sleep was the last thing he wanted to do. Sleep meant the never ending nightmares, reliving a past he could never change. It meant waking up in a cold sweat, sobbing like a baby, feeling helpless and weak. And when he icould/i sleep, he did too deeply, for days at a time, barely waking enough to perform basic bodily functions, too sluggish to do anything else. The best thing for him was to keep going, keep working-but no one understood that, and he was tired of trying to make them. He looked down at his watch, which showed that enough time had passed since he woke up that he should be making an appearance at the Burrow. He was keen to go, but dreading it at the same time, a feeling that had plagued him during family gatherings for the past couple of years, ever since... But today was his dad's birthday, and he wouldn't hurt him for the world by not showing up-even if he didn't end up staying long. While he knew his dad worried about him as much as the rest, he was at least...quieter about it. He let Ron talk, and did more listening. And if Ron didn't feel like saying much of anything at all, he was happy for him to sit out in the shed in silence while he puttered around with whatever barmy new Muggle contraption he had brought home. Pushing himself to his feet, he yawned, and scratched his cheek, pausing at the stiff bristles that rasped against the pads of his fingers. He didn't really shave on a regular basis, since something about it took too much energy, and he didn't particularly feel like doing so now. But that, combined with the perpetual dark circles under his eyes, always made his mum fret about how he wasn't taking care of himself, so he stood there, debating on whether or not it was worth it. "Sod it," he muttered, using his wand to do a quick job, wincing at the slight sting. With a deep breath, he braced himself to face his family, and Apparated with a small pop. He landed at the edge of the front yard, Already able to tell that it was crowded by the noise coming from inside, and the movement of people passing back and forth in front of the windows. He stood there, watching, unable to bring himself to move, even though the cold, bitter wind that was blowing bit at him through the heavy scarf his mum had given him for Christmas. As he stood gazing on the building he still, in some ways, considered home, he noticed that the paint had begun to peel, and made a mental note to do something about it when the weather warmed up. A project, he happily realized, that could kill several of his days off. Movement at the door had his hand flexing instinctively around his wand, only to relax when he saw it was Ginny, waving at him to come in. He raised his hand in return, trudging across the lawn to meet her. "Mum was getting worried, since you're the last one to show, but I told her all we had to do was open the door and let the smell of the pot roast pull you in," she said lightly, taking his scarf and cloak to hang up. "It might have a tough time getting through the cat piss to the left of me, and the smell of burnt hair always coming from the flat below, but if anything could do the trick it's Mum's cooking," he said with a smile, grateful that she didn't ask why he hadn't come sooner. "Then you'll be extra glad that she already set aside some leftovers for you to take home. She said you looked too thin at Christmas, so I suspect she's been trying to fatten you up at every chance since then." Ron rolled his eyes. "According to the staff Healer, I'm the picture of physical fitness. Not that I'm going to turn down extra food, mind you." Ginny laughed. "Somehow, I expected as much." Her smile gave way as she moved slightly, blocking him from coming further into the house. "Ron, I'm not sure if anyone mentioned, but it's going to be...a bit more crowded than usual today," At the hesitance in her voice, he frowned. "I'd say eleven is pretty crowded by most standards. Wait, did Charlie come for a visit?" She bit her lip, her eyes flickering to the side before meeting his head on. "No, Charlie couldn't make it. It's Hermione. She's here today. And, well, Teddy too, but I'm thinking only one really concerns you. Are you going to be able to handle it?" He froze, fighting the impulse to snatch his cloak and scarf and Apparate back home. Hermione. He hadn't been expecting that. Sure, she visited sometimes, but not often. Not here. iNot since she chucked me,/i he thought bitterly. They still saw quite a bit of each other. Hard not to, since they were both friends with Harry, and worked in connected departments. But as polite as he tried to be, he nevertheless made a point of limiting interactions with her. Every time he saw her, it was like knocking the scab off a wound he thought was healing, only to find it as raw and painful as it had been before. This would definitely be one of his shorter visits. "'Course I can. Why couldn't I? Not that I'll be here long, since I've got some things I need to get done today." A knowing look entered her eyes, and she opened her mouth, as if to call him on his lie, before she snapped it shut, giving a resigned shrug. "Alright. That...that's good then. Come on, we'd better get to the kitchen before they start without us." Reluctantly, Ron followed her in, leaning down to kiss his mum on the cheek when she bustled over to give him a hug. "Sit down, sit down! I was just getting ready to start passing the food," she instructed, pointing him to the empty seat that had been left for him. Directly across from Hermione. Subtle, Mum. Very subtle. He dropped into the chair between George and Harry, giving a half nod at the chorus of hellos that went up around him. Hermione hadn't spoken yet, helping a squirming Teddy, who must be visiting Harry today, sitting at her side. Once the toddler had been given a few spoonfuls of food to keep him quiet, she faced forward, giving him the small, plastic smile that seemed to be the only kind he could get from her nowadays. "Hello, Ron. It's nice to see you." "H'llo," he muttered, not meeting her eye as he took the bowl of mashed potatoes from George. "Didn't know you'd be here." As he spooned the creamy, fluffy clouds onto his plate, he saw her flinch, the motion making him realize that it sounded like he meant he wouldn't have come if he had known. He felt guilty, then almost immediately, angry for feeling that way. How many people would do cartwheels at the sight of their ex at a family event? Alright, yeah, they were still friends. That didn't mean that the crappy, depressing memories of being dumped didn't surface every time he saw her. And he was always polite, wasn't he? Well, as polite as he ever got. Why was she even here? He could understand if it was Harry's party, or even his or Ginny's, but this was ihis/i dad's birthday. She was pretty keen on being part of the family, wasn't she? Unless, of course, it meant having to be connected through ihim.i/ Did she enjoy rubbing his face in it, or- "Ron, if you mash those potatoes any more, they're gonna be a liquid," George said out of the corner of his mouth, low enough for the rest of the table to miss. Blinking away the red haze, he looked down to