Note: So my friend and I were talking about personal things, and to convince me to seek closure, she used a scenario involving Snape/Hermione. She said, 'what if Hermione had a one-sided love for Snape and he had never known about it. Then he died.' This is how this fic is born. What you recognise is by JK Rowling and William Carlos Williams. The title is from William Carlos Williams' Asphodel, That Greeny Flower. Feedback is always welcomed and appreciated :D . . I cannot say that I have gone to hell for your love but often found myself there in your pursuit. - William Carlos Williams . . There were many things that have to be kept a secret. He was one of hers. If you asked Hermione Granger when she started liking him , she wouldn't be able to give an answer. She was unable to pinpoint the exact moment in which his sneers and snarls stop becoming terrifying and off-putting and instead almost-comforting. She was unable to tell you when she had started to look forward to seeing him, glares, insults, and cruel smiles included. She was unable to tell you when 'insufferable girl' had lost its power to hurt and was, instead, able to elicit a small smile on her face. She was unable to tell you when his drawl turned to honey, a song she wished would never stop, even if it hurt and stung most of the time. She was unable to tell you when she started to yearn to see a genuine smile from him. She was unable to tell you when her name, 'Miss Granger', became silk in his mouth and she longed to taste it as it rolled off his tongue. At some point in time, the potion master had stopped becoming an intimidating, loathsome figure, but an intimidating, almost-endearing one. At some point in time, his position in her heart had changed. She had stopped trying to keep their interactions to the minimum and instead tried to get closer to him. Almost as if she was in pursuit of him . She tried to be seen, tried to impress, tried to be likeable, even if that was almost close to impossible. But knowing how her constant rush of questions annoyed him, she kept them at bay, only asking when absolutely (and she really meant absolutely) necessary. She stopped trying to answer every question in class and let the rest of her classmates try, only offering her knowledge when needed. That way, she figured, she could both impress him and help her classmates learn not to rely on her for answers. Essay writing, however, was a different story. Potions became the subject which she devoted the most time to, writing and rewriting her essays to achieve what can be the closest to perfection in the amount of time given to her. She tried to offer new ideas and insides, wrecked her brain, using all her might to complete any tasks he sent in her way. Sometimes, she thought she was rather like a dog, trotting after her professor, wagging her tail begging for any form of rare approval. She hated it. She loved it. But no. She didn't like like Professor Snape. It was just a silly little crush. She just like how intelligent he was. It was just a very silly little crush. But she would still indulge in it. Having a crush was almost fun. The tightness in her chest, the difficulty breathing, the constant thoughts that revolve around a certain someone… they could be almost enjoyable, almost enticing, almost addictive. And it actually gave her extra motivation to seek out as much knowledge as possible. But that didn't mean that someone has to know about it. Her feelings would be her own dirty little secret that she would take to her grave. She will grow out of this. She was certain of that. After all, she had grown out of Viktor Krum - whose attention was frankly flattering- and Ron Weasley - who she was certain she liked because it was expected of her to. 'Miss Granger.' Her name dripped off his tongue, sending shivers down her spine. 'I wonder what the class' very own know-it-all's potion would be.' He bent forward, his face barely inches away from hers. She could feel her heart speeding up and the rush of blood up to her face. Breathe Hermione. Breathe. He smelt of rain and vanilla and oak and – Stop. She started to scrutinise him. He definitely wasn't handsome. His skin was too pale, almost pasty and grey (but oh- it looked so smooth and soft and can she touch -) His nose was too big, big enough for at least two (but it gave him such character didn't it?) His mouth was thin and constantly curled into a snarl (but such words had danced from them, such intelligent words and who knew what else can he do with these lips and tongue?) His hair was often described to be greasy and it definitely needed a trim (but imagine running your fingers through them as he –) His eyes, oh, his eyes. She could find no fault in these eyes that seemed to ensnare her senses and bewitch her mind (and she thought she can stare into them forever and forever – now she sounded like some sappy, lovesick heroine from a clichéd romance novel) She liked him near. He raised his eyebrow. 'Adequate,' he said and walked off, his cloak fluttering up just a bit before curling around his ankles. Adequate. A smile formed on Hermione's face. Her potion was adequate, not 'barely passable. Or passable. Adequate. The grin stayed on her face for the rest of the day. Hermione Granger was never one for poetry, but now, all love poems make sense. She was offered a choice of any apprenticeship in her sixth year. She wanted it to be potions but Slughorn came and so she chose Arithmancy and tried to ignore the heavy disappointment that swelled at the pit of her stomach. She liked Arithmancy - it was her favourite subject after all. (but Potions - Potions was her first love) She found him outside the dungeons once, bleeding and almost fully unconscious. She was woken up by Crookshanks, its tail flickering across her face. Happy that its owner was finally awake, the orange cat tugged at her, insistent that she was to follow. 'Crooks, stop it,' Hermione mumbled, her words slurred. The cat wouldn't stop tugging. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and got up, highly reluctant. 'You will get me into trouble.' Still, she followed, her gut begging her to. It was a terrible idea, sneaking out of the dorms at such an hour but she was well experienced in the art of sneaking, even better than Harry and Ron, whom the art of subtlety was wasted on. Crookshanks led her deep into the dungeons, to a corridor she had never been to. It was almost pitch black, save for her wand, which seemed like a lone star that shone amidst the night sky, or an anglerfish, depending on how you would like to see it. She would be lying if she said she wasn't the slightest bit afraid. 'Crooks,' she sighed, suppressing the fear that threatened to spill from her mouth. Her gut was all twisted inside and she could barely breathe. 'Let's go back.' The cat ignored its owner and continued forward, confident that she would not leave it alone to explore the dark depths of the castle. Hermione followed, knowing that there must be a reason why Crookshanks was so insistent. The cat stopped. 'Professor?' Hermione gasped, bending down so that the light illuminated the body that lay before her. A dark substance - blood? - pooled underneath the Potion Master. He seemed to stir, his eyes flickering open. 'Let me bring you to -' 'Go to your dormitory this instant, Miss Granger, before I -.' It was surprising really, how he had managed to spurt out all these harsh words before collapsing once more. 'Mdm Pomfrey or your quarters?' She asked, her voice strong and determined, not giving him any other options other than the two. 'With all due respect sir, I am not leaving you to die here.' He gave a snarl, or what was supposed to be a snarl. 'Room. Don't you dare attempt Mobilicorpus on me,' he growled. She smiled and helped him up, draping his arm around her neck. He was heavy and she could barely stand straight supporting most of his weight with her body and arms. He must have sensed that. He had taken some off his weight of hers and she could feel his body tense in pain, even if he had tried to hide that. Gingerly, holding onto him, she did her best to support him as they made their way through the school to his quarters. His sides were pressed against hers and she could feel his alarming lack of body heat. She wondered if the blood that clung onto him was his or someone else's. She didn't know which was better. He could barely keep his eyes open and his usual graceful movements were now almost slow and clumsy, his quiet footsteps now heavy and almost seemed to drag behind him as he moved. Even so, his face remained impassive. Every step was strenuous and she wished she was stronger, or at least be able to sustain a long distanced Mobilicorpus (she took it to herself to master that spell later on, in case she needed it again). She knew that he was a spy for Dumbledore but she had never known exactly what it entailed. Seeing him in this state was just – He fell onto his bed with a small thud and they both winced. 'Graceful,' he commented, the sarcasm evident. But he closed his eyes, his breathing laboured. 'I need to check your wounds, Professor,' she murmured. He was silent. 'Professor?' He remained unmoving. Hermione chewed on her lower lip as possible courses of actions ran through her mind. She could simply leave him be (which will be disastrous), ask for Mdm Pomfrey (Professor Snape would murder her once he woke up), or care for him there and then (is she capable enough? She knew the basics, at least.) The third option it was. First things first, checking for wounds. Her heart seemed to be trying to burst out of her chest as she painstakingly unbuttoned the Professor's clothes. His torso was pale and well defined. Skin mapped scars. Red cuts glaring at her. Her breath hitched. A healing spell. Blood-Replenishing potion. Taking a deep breath, she cast the spell, watching with bated breath as the wounds on his body closed. She immediately scavenged for the potion. The Professor's choice of not labelling his potions was certainly not working to their favour right now. She had quickly cut down the number of possible potions to three, based on scent and colour. Which one. There was only taste left. She knew that tasting unknown potions was simply idiotic but circumstances demanded that she chose the right potion. Tasting them was the quickest way. She took a drop of each potion. Found it. Supporting him up, she fed the Professor the red-coloured potion. His body was still so cold. She had lit the hearth, piled blankets onto his body, tried to use any possible body warming spells that she knew would not cause any other damage but his body remained dangerously freezing. Muggle way then. She transfigured a few towels into heat packs that remained comfortably warm and not burning, wrapping them up with a layer of towel before placing them onto his skin. He would be fine. He would be. As he slept, his eyebrows remained furrowed, wrinkles creating dents on his forehead. She had the urge to soothe them out, to run her fingers along his