Disclaimer:All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: AU Independent!Harry. What if from the beginning Harry saw that there was something just not right with the world around him? What if he does something about it? Unlikely allies, and unexpected inheritances abound. Probable future slash. This will be a complete AU. No pairings so far, but if there are, they will most likely be slash. There will likely be light-side bashing, so don't read it that offends. Also, if people die, it will totally be different than the books. I also don't plan to follow much, if any, of the original plots. Also, as those of you who have read my other writings know—never assume anything with me. ^-~ Empire Chapter 1 Harry had always known that he wasn't like other children. He knew he wasn't treated as a child his age should be. He knew, but he didn't know what to do about it. And then a half-giant broke down the door of the desolate shack they were staying in, and everything changed. At the Leaky Cauldron he had learned what fame was, he learned it could have power, power he had never had before. There were perfect strangers out there who would listen to him just because of a scar on his forehead. At Gringotts he had learned that he wasn't poor, and that he would never have to wear hand-me-downs again unless he wanted to. At Madam Malkin's he learned from Draco Malfoy that arrogance could be a very viable weakness, and at Ollivander's he learned that he had real power. Hagrid was a simple soul, kind and gentle. Harry would always remember him for the gift of Hedwig. Hedwig represented more than a friend, and more than a pet. He now had a way of communicating that he had never had before. A way of communicating that could come in very handy indeed. He knew he now had the power to change things. *&^%$# He had gotten aboard the train…which seemed an awful muggle way of getting around for witches and wizards. Ron Weasley was making a pitch to be his friend, although Harry didn't know if it was because of his name or himself. Knowing what he did of the world, Harry was inclined to believe the former. Draco Malfoy had appeared again, along with two …ogres? Trolls? Surely those two things couldn't have been people. Hermione Granger had come looking for a toad, and Harry was now the proud owner of a Dumbledore chocolate frog card. Finally, the time had come to put a singing hat on his head. He sat down on the stool and let the floppy hat come down to cover his eyes. "Hello, Mr. Potter. It is good to see you. I must say you have a very interesting mind. A mind that all of the four founders would be proud of, to be honest. You really belong everywhere and nowhere." Harry thought hard. "You know, I don't know if I've ever heard anything less helpful." The hat chuckled. "And from looking at your past, that is really saying something. Mr. Potter, do you believe in fate?" Harry frowned. "Not particularly." "Neither do I," said the hat "but many in this room do, including several very influential people at the head table. You have many paths open to you, but there are some who would wish to limit those. You will need to fight them if you wish to determine your own future. You are suited for any of the four houses, but I am going to put you where you can achieve the most. Win their loyalty and keep it, and the others will fall in line. You will be underestimated at first, use that to your advantage. "Find out about your past, the things no one will tell you are the most important. Don't judge by appearances, and don't hide your own appearance—honesty will get you everything, although sometimes a more creative version of the truth will serve you well. I will be on your side, young master. Put me on every time you enter the Headmaster's office, no exceptions. That is the most I can do for you for now. As for your house—better be Hufflepuff!" the hat shouted out loud. The room fell into a deep silence as shock reverberated throughout the room. Then the Hufflepuff house broke out into cheers as Harry took off the hat and made his way to the table. They broke out into chatter and made him welcome. Harry had never seen such a thing in his life. These students had nothing but complete unadulterated acceptance for him. He had never felt anything like it. "Calm down you lot, can't you see you are being a bit much for the poor boy?" This was from one of the older students. The boy stuck out his hand, "Cedric Diggory, at your service." Harry took his hand and shook it. "A pleasure." Conversation had resumed in the great hall and after the last student had been sorted, the Headmaster rose. "Ah, what an evening this has been. A few start of term announcements—the Forbidden forest is still forbidden, the third floor corridor is off limits and going there could have deadly consequences, Mr. Finch has a list of forbidden objects, please see him in his office if you want a complete list, and lastly—dig in." And with that food appeared on all of the tables. Harry was in awe of the sheer variety of foods offered. He would not starve this year. Actually, he was damned if he would ever starve again. As far as he was concerned, the hat was right, his destiny was in his hands and no one was going to take that from him. Harry was gradually introduced to his year mates. There was Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchly, Wayne Hopkins, Megan Jones, Ernie Macmillan, and Zacharias Smith. Harry's head was spinning from all the names and faces, but he was sure he would learn them soon enough. One horrible school anthem later and they were all headed to the dorms. The Hufflepuff dorms were down by the kitchens. They were underground, as was appropriate for a house with the Badger as it's mascot, but they were not in the lease dungeon like. The entrance was a giant still life painting of Hogwarts. The password—'friendship' surprised Harry not at all. The common room was done in comforting shades of yellow and black. Huge comfy chairs were scattered around and there were plenty of desks for students to do their work. There were tunnels that branched off from the main room and Harry was told that they led to the dormitories. The prefects had them sit all around the fire and a few moments later, their head of house- Professor Sprout came in to greet them. She beamed as she looked around her students. "Welcome to the new, and welcome back to the old. For those who don't know, I am Professor Sprout and I teach Herbology here at Hogwarts. For those of you who don't know, let me tell you something about this house. "This is a house of loyalty and hard work. There is nothing we cannot accomplish if we just stick together. I will tell you this now--you will be underestimated by the other houses, you can depend on it, but reputation does not make fact. I never want to hear of fighting in this house, or outside of it. If you have a problem with another student, you will come to me. A problem shared, is a problem halved, and there is nothing wrong with asking for help. "And speaking of help, there is a mirror on the wall over there that links to my quarters. If any of you need anything, you may use it to call me. However, if it is three AM, you had better have a good excuse." She smiled at her students. "I will wish you goodnight now and I will see you bright and early in the morning." "Goodnight, Professor." They said back in unison. Professor Sprout left and the prefects led the first years to their dormitories. Harry was amused to find that the door was large and round like a Hobbit's home. When they went in, Harry instantly fell in love with the huge canopied beds that they had to sleep on. Harry's trunk was by a bed at the end of the room by the large 'window' that looked out over the lake. Harry figured it was enchanted the same way the ceiling of the great hall was. "This place is great" Ernie Macmillan said as he flopped down on his overstuffed bed. "It sure is." Zacharias Smith agreed. "What do you think, Harry?" Justin Finch-Fletchly asked. Harry thought a moment before he answered. Hopefully the hat was correct about the advantages of telling the truth. "It is much better than my cupboard was." Ernie frowned. "Cupboard?" "Yeah, when my parents died, I was put with my muggle aunt and her family. They didn't like magic or I very well, so they put me in the cupboard under the stairs. Although, when my Hogwarts letter came and was addressed to the cupboard, they decided they might be investigated for child abuse and they moved me to my cousin's second bedroom. It wasn't much better, but it was a real room." No one looked as if they knew what to say. Finally, Justin had the courage to ask. "Did they abuse you other than that?" Harry didn't answer, he just took off his robes and pulled off his shirt. He was so thin they could see his ribs, but more importantly they could see the palate of fading bruises. Zacharias ran out of the room and a few minutes later returned with Professor Sprout, whom he had called on the mirror. "See, I told you." He said as he pushed her towards Harry. As she saw Harry clearly, she was horrified. "Dear child, what have they done to you? Come, we are going to see the nurse and then we are calling the authorities. This is not acceptable." Harry allowed her to usher him to the door. He was barely able to pull his shirt back on before he teacher pulled him in front of the fireplace and handed him some floo powder. "Throw it into the fire, and clearly state 'Hogwarts Infirmary', then step in." she told him. Harry was incredulous. "Are you serious? I am already bruised, do you want me burnt?" "Don't be silly, magical people don't burn easily, and besides, wizards use this way of travel every day and no one has died yet." she chided. Harry shrugged, but followed her instructions. "Hogwarts Infirmary!" One dizzying ride later and he was in a whitewashed room with tall stained glass windows. Professor Sprout followed shortly after. An older woman came out of an office and looked around. "Professor Sprout, surely there hasn't been an accident yet? The school year has barely begun!" "Madam Pomfrey, I am afraid I am not here because of any accident." Sprout's voice was grave. "I am here because Mr. Potter is in need of treatment. It seems as if his relatives were…how should I say this, oh yes, rabid piles of scum." Poppy Pomfrey was deeply concerned. "Professor, that is a very serious accusation, are you sure?" "Very." She looked down at Harry. "Please remove your shirt. Madam Pomfrey is a very good nurse who will be able to heal you." She them looked over at the nurse, we will need to take pictures though, and keep a record. I will be reporting this to the proper authorities." Harry frowned