So this is my first Lord of the Rings fanfiction. I'm a huge fan of both the books and Movies. I know that there are some hardcore fans out there that hate it when someone changes the story or adds in new characters, but this is fanfiction. If you aren't a fan of those types of stories, don't read this one and don't flame at me. Ideas for this story have been nagging at me for a year, so I finally decided to write it out and post it on this lovely website. Now that that's out of the way, I'm going to try extremely hard not to make my original character a Mary-Sue, I'm not a huge fan of stories with a Mary-Sue, so hopefully this won't go south. Also it's a little different than other LTR fic's I've read. Enjoy! "Fear not death for the sooner we die, the longer we shall be immortal." - Benjamin Franklin. Chapter One: Out of the Woods Chapter Quote: "I'm . . ." I trailed off and gave the old man a what-the-fuck look. "What?" "It's freezing!" Serena whined from beside me as we walked through the streets of Melbourne, avoiding puddles and people as we strode down the sidewalk together. We decided to head out for coffee; why were we up so early? Because Serena is Satan, that's why. I don't even like coffee, so it was tea for me, though I still don't know why we had to be up so goddamn early just for tea and coffee. Too early and too cold. "Yes, I heard you the last five times." I sighed as I snuggled deeper into my red coat; the fur inside tickling my nose as I did so. "Besides we're almost there." Being up so early was making me cranky. And it was my only day off in god knows how long. I should be sleeping in my warm comfy bed; huddled beneath the thick blankets. "Grumpy." Serena accused as I replied with sticking my tongue out at her, which I regretted immediately as a cold gush of wind attacked it with a wrath so strong I thought it'd freeze off. "I'm so keen for a mocha." "And a brownie." I added. "Yes!" She laughed while tucking a stray strand of dark hair behind her ear. "With a crap load of whip cream." I smiled at her as we were separated by a large group that had crossed the intersection just ahead of us. "I hate people." Serena muttered from beside me; startling me so much I jumped, but she didn't seem to notice as we continued to make our way towards the crossing. When we finally reached the intersection we stood in companionable silence as we waited patiently for the little red man to turn green. I was grateful that I had enough sense to wear jeans and sturdy black boots, unlike my friend who claimed she wouldn't be caught dead wearing the hideous black monstrosities that I called shoes, and instead dressed herself in leggings and heels. Another blast of cold air sent shivers up my spine, the cold settling in deep to my bones as the figure finally turned green; signaling us to walk. We made haste to cross the road while trying to weave around the massive crowd of people as we tried to stick together. We were almost there; the curb only a few meters away. I heard the squeal of tires before I saw the car. But suddenly, as if appearing out of nowhere, it was there, racing towards us; looking as if it lost control on the slippery surface of the road. And all the while the only thing I could think about was how banged up and shitty it looked. It was so close now that I had the delusion that I could see my reflection in the glass of the windshield. I didn't try to get away, I didn't try to run, I didn't do anything I thought I would do if I were ever in this situation. Instead I faced Serena who looked like a deer caught in head lights and shoved with all my might; propelling her across the rest of the way and onto the side walk. "ROBBIE!" I've never heard her scream so loud before. There was pain, like a truck full of bricks rammed into me; though it was just a car. Just a car. It felt like I was flying, but only for a few seconds before I came crashing back down to the solid ground beneath me. The crack of my skull smashing against the pavement was terrifying; I couldn't stop myself from hyperventilating. I'm dying. The white dots fading in and out around my vision gave me this revelation. I'm dying a virgin. Suddenly Serena came into view, though she was blurry, but I knew it was her because her big brown eyes were gazing down at me with so much concern that all I wanted to do was tell her that I was going to be fine. That everything was going to be okay. But that was a lie. I was on the edge of sleep. Somewhere in between being awake and dead to the world. I could hear chirping. I sat up a little too quickly and rubbed at my eyes before opening them, only to be blinded by the sun that was way too freaking bright for my liking. Trying again and squinting slightly against the harsh light, I took in my surroundings with my still blurry vision and frowned. This . . . wasn't right. Something was off. And where was Serena? Serena! I started to panic, looking around the meadow I sat in, hoping beyond hope that she would pop out from behind a tree and explain how this was all an elaborate prank. Images of the shitty looking car swerving towards us entered my mind. Serena's scream still echoed in my ears. And now I was here. Where was here? Was I dead? Was Serena dead? No . . . I pushed her out of the way, right? Am I remembering correctly? Is this supposed to be Heaven? I took in my surroundings properly this time. All around me were flowers; the types I had never laid eyes on before, but they ranged in all colours and stood at different heights. And there were trees, so many trees; too tall and almost too green. To say I was confused was an understatement. Why the fuck am I in a forest? Getting up, failing, and getting up again on shaky legs; I stumbled towards a random direction and looked around for any sign of life. Well, if I was dead and this was Heaven, than I'd better start looking for other dead people, right? Where's Ghandi? I wasn't impressed. Wasn't Heaven supposed to be fantastic? That's what the all door knocking Christians liked to tell me every time I answered the bloody door. Well, where were the fluffy clouds and my very own naked Channing Tatum feeding me chocolate covered strawberries while having my feet rubbed by Christian Bale? This was an absolute let down. I died and I haven't seen one sexy naked male since I woke up. I sighed heavily and continued to march along; obviously to nowhere in particular. Maybe this was just a vivid dream. Maybe I'll wake up at any moment in the hospital; a doctor will tell me that it was a close call, that I had a concussion. Serena will be there with her boyfriend, Mitch, and she'll be fine. But what if I was actually dead? Oh god, no, this can't be real. I had almost finished my training. I would've been a midwife by this time next year. I would've had my dream job. There was still so much I wanted to do. And now, well . . . you know. And who was going to feed Larry? My poor goldfish. Serena wouldn't let him die, right? Too lost in my thoughts and not watching where I was going led to me tripping over on whatever I tripped on. A small squeak escaped my lips when I landed face first onto the wooded forest floor. The need to cry consumed me. Don't be a little bitch, Robyn. I ordered myself, forcing the tears back as I picked myself up off the ground and dusted myself off. With my head held high in fake confidence, I strode in the direction I thought would lead me to the big guy in charge, but not before tripping again. I had no idea how long I had been walking for, but judging by my aching feet and the sun looking like it was just about to set, I'd say about a couple of hours. And goddamn I was hungry. Do you even get hungry when you're dead? I had a lot of questions for the almighty lord above. A snap of a twig brought me out of my thoughts, stopping me dead in my tracks. That was me, right? Wait, what if this wasn't Heaven? Oh god. . . Why did I just assume? I'm going to die! Again . . . No, it's nothing. You've watched too many horror movies for your own good! But the sky was growing darker, you knew shit was about to hit the fan when it got darker. This was it; some terrifying beast was going to pounce on me when I wasn't looking. What had I done to end up in Hell? Surely that's where I was. I admit that I did steal that lip-gloss when I was ten, but that was one time! It doesn't even count! Another snap and I was outta' there like a bat out of hell. There was no way I was sticking around to have my head bitten off by some terrible beasty. I sprinted through the forest, noticing that the trees around me were becoming a lot less crowded. Maybe this was a test? Did I have to find my way to Heaven? Was this Limbo? To me it made sense, Limbo was where lost souls roamed between Heaven and Hell; maybe I was one of these souls and all I had to do was find my way. I must be losing it. I panted, but willed my legs to keep going. I refused to look behind me, mainly because I didn't want to see a shit scary monster chasing after me, but also because I knew that if I did glance behind that'd I'd trip and be eaten alive. Too many horror movies! I saw something in the distance. I squinted, but it didn't make a difference. It seemed to be glowing, and orange. A light maybe? The words 'don't go into the light' ran through my head. It's Heaven! I'll be saved! I won't be eaten! Oh, please, god let it be Heaven! I pushed my legs to go faster, getting closer and closer towards the strange glow that just had to be Heaven. It had to be. I was scared, no, I was terrified. This needed to be over. I needed a naked Channing Tatum. More cracks and rustling sounded around me, it could've been me, but my logic wasn't the best right now, in my head something was chasing me. I was being hunted; at least that's what it felt like. Please, god– I took a tumble off a small cliff, screeching all the while, landing face first again. Today was clearly not my day. "Why does that keep happening?" I whimpered as I pushed myself onto my knees and dusted my hands clean of dirt, only to have the end of a sword pointed at my fucking nose. "Holy fuck!" I wailed, jumping back and falling on my arse. I looked up at the crazed red haired man wielding the sword and glared. "Who are you? A spy?" He questioned in