Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters of The Hunger Games (although I wish I did). "Everdeen!" Thanks to my sweaty palms, I almost lose my grip on the traffic sign I'm holding up and crane my head over my shoulder. "There's another one here today," Abernathy says, jutting his chin forward towards a truck parked across the street. "Deal with it, sweetheart." If it'd been anyone else calling me "sweetheart", they'd have had an up close and personal encounter with the backside of my hand, but being my perpetually grouchy yet admittedly tolerable boss, I let the pet name slide. Left with no other choice, I flag down my friend Gale who's wandering about trying to look busy (but who's really on his fourth coffee break this morning) and toss him the sign. "Why do I always get stuck with this kinda shit?" Gale twirls the pole in his hand and barks an unsympathetic laugh. "I'd attribute it to your charming personality…but we both know that's a lie." He dodges a swift kick to the shins and taps me on the ass with the sign. Damn pig. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be out here. Sweating buckets on this busy, dusty street while flipping a "stop" and "go slow" sign every three minutes with one hand and flipping the bird to every third car with the other. Ok. So I admit it. I was desperate. With the constant hike in college tuition almost every semester, my usual summer job as a bartender at The Hob just wasn't going to cut it. I needed a second source of income and I'd convinced myself I was just about ready to sign up for anything. But this? This was hell. Being the only girl on a construction crew of over thirty-five men, ranging from zit faced late teens to pot-bellied old farts in their late fifties, well…we'll just say it's a good thing I was born with a thick skin. The only silver lining of the job was the pay. At $12 an hour, I could deal with the lewd cat calls and leering stares for two more months. I brush the sweat soaked strands of hair off my forehead as I wait for a chance to cross the street, all the while counting down the minutes until quitting time when I can race home and jump under the spray of a cold, refreshing shower. "Ten bucks and this blueberry muffin if you get the guys number," a voice calls out from my left. I don't need to look to know that it's Darius, a friendly yet overly confident buddy of Gale's who's been not so subtly trying to get my number since the day I started. He's harmless really, but I just wish he'd take a hint and move on. I humor him with a casual glance and in response I'm met with a smirk as he shakes the pastry at me like a dangling worm on a hook. "You're disgusting," I call out over my shoulder before darting through a break in the traffic. It's been a running joke amongst a few of the crew members from the last guy I was forced to kick off the work site. For some reason, food truck operators think construction sites are the Holy Grail of places to set up shop during the summer. News flash. It's a construction site . Heavy machinery. Overhead cranes. Traffic cones. You can't just roll on in and park next to a gigantic hole in the ground. Two weeks ago, a guy who had to be at least twice my age, parked right in front of the site entrance. Low and behold, I drew the shortest of straws and was nominated to deal with the matter, which involved conversing with said old man and his greasy pulled back hair that gave his greasy hot dogs a run for their money. During our thankfully brief exchange of words, his eyes had been glued to my chest the entire time, not at all making a conscience effort to look at my face or acknowledge that he'd heard a word I said. After making use of a few choice phrases to try and get through to him, he still didn't budge. He even had the audacity to offer me his "choice wiener" free of charge, which sent me storming off in a heated rage. The sleazebag finally took a hint and moved on when Gale paid him a visit twenty minutes later, waving his hands frantically and shouting lord knows what as he chased the guy off. Not this time. In preparation for what I'm sure is going to be a similar experience, I run through my approach and practice the lines over and over again in my head. Short and to the point. And don't take any shit. That's the best way to go. Besides, since my encounter with the old grease ball, I've picked up a few vulgar comebacks that I've been storing in my back pocket in case the situation presented itself again. I'm not having Gale show up again afterwards to finish the job or else no one around here will ever respect me. The first thing I notice as I approach the truck is the way the vivid orange paint sends out a blinding glare under the bright sun. I lift up a hand to shade my eyes and squint as I try to decipher the loopy scroll on the back door. Mellark's Bakery – Gourmet Sandwiches and Pastries . Hmmm. Never heard of them. And by the looks of all the polished chrome, I have to admit the thing looks a little pretentious and out of place here in this dingy part of town. I inhale a deep breath and study my reflection in the shiny bumper. I consider foregoing the hardhat, but without it I'd just look like a stupid little girl who has no business being on a construction site, let alone possessing the power to wield any sort of authority. I square my shoulders and school my features into my best bitch face possible, ready for the unpleasant conversation to come. I round the corner to the other side of the truck and peer in through open counter but all my built up courage flies right out the window and I swallow thickly. A guy stands with his back to me, his toned arm stretched out over his head as he writes something out on the blackboard menu above him. But that's not what catches my attention. Not what causes my lungs to forget how to function. It's rather the view just below, where the most perfectly rounded ass I've ever laid eyes on is staring straight back at me. Holy hell. The way his khaki shorts just hang off his hips and hug the curves of that just flawlessly gorgeous backside…it's damn well the kind of ass you want to sink your teeth into. Although, I don't think I've ever had the urge to do so before, but there's a first time for everything, right? "Shit," he hisses all of a sudden. I have to keep myself from lunging forward for a better look when the guy drops the caulk in his hand and leans over in search for it amongst a basket of plastic wrapped pastries. One word. That's all I need to hear. I don't even have to see this guy's face to know what lies behind that deep, husky voice. Suddenly unsure of why I'm even here, I do a quick glance around to see if anyone's just caught me ogling this stranger's ass. In an attempt to locate my common sense, I force my attention upwards towards a safer place. The menu. Sandwiches: Today's Special – Oven roasted turkey breast, avocado, and roasted red peppers on sourdough with aioli and pesto mayo . My eyes follow the trail of dots to the price and I almost choke on my next breath. $6.50 for a fucking sandwich? Who does this guy think he is? He finally turns around as I punch a fist to my chest to clear my throat. With my eyes shut, I struggle to swallow the lump in my throat whilst trying to visualize my happy place. I need to get my thumping heart under control before I do something stupid. Like pass out. Deep breath in. Cool tropical breeze. Deep breath out. Calm blue ocean. Deep breath— "Are you alright?" I pry my eyes open and gaze slack jawed at the two calm blue oceans staring back at me. Pair them with an adorable lop sided grin filled with the most brilliantly white teeth ever, oh, and a mop of curly blond hair just begging to have hands dragged though it…yeah, I'm doing just fine. A moment later I come to my senses and hope to God he doesn't notice the flush creeping up my cheeks. Of all days, fate had to pick today as being the one I come face to face with the most gorgeous man I've ever seen. I glance down and cringe at my filthy t-shirt, baggy jeans, one-size-fits-all-my-ass safety vest, and hardhat combination. Not to mention my grimy hair that's pulled back into a messy braid with sweat dripping down my temples. "Uh, yeah, I'm fine." "Well that's a relief." His smile widens and I swear it's so sweet I can feel my teeth ache. "So, how can I help you?" Oh right. Move the truck. But I can't bring myself to start into my previously rehearsed speech. Just the thought of being rude to this guy with the sugary smile and well toned biceps and ass sculpted by the gods themselves…it'd be a sin. I'd never forgive myself. Casual. Keep it casual. "So, uh, you must be new here—" "Yeah, actually," he says with an enthusiastic nod of his head. "Today's my first day out here with the truck. New venture and all. So, what can I get you?" Great. It's the guy's first day on the job and here I am about to give him an earful and boot him out of this spot. Why is he still smiling at me? Damn that smile. I take a deep breath to collect my thoughts so I don't end up sounding too much like a complete bitch. Here goes nothing. "Uh…um…well, actually…" "I know, it's a tough choice. But if I might be so bold, I'd say go for the special. Trust me, you won't be disappointed." The way the corner of his mouth lifts before he presses his lips together…oh God, the things I'd let this complete stranger do to me with that mouth. Fuck. Get it together, Everdeen. The guy's obviously just proud of his goods…I mean buns…I mean food. And the way his eyes dip as if he's subtly giving me a once over. He's definitely not checking out my goods. That's for sure. More like wondering if I can even afford anything off his damn menu. But I don't have my wallet on me, so even if I wanted to humor this guy and be his first customer, I'm shit out of luck. "Truth is, I don't have my wallet on me—" "Oh that's OK," he interrupts again with a wave of his hand. "You're my first customer, so whatever you like is on the house." Good looking and generous. Damn it. He's making this more difficult by the minute. I bite down on my lip, the guilt of having to turn this guy out bearing down on my conscience. "No, that's OK, really, I couldn't accept—" "Really, I insist!" He leans forward to rest his hands against the counter, allowing me to get a full appreciation for the wide breadth of his shoulders. There's no stopping my roaming eyes that are drawn like a magnet to the cut lines of his muscles beneath his white tee. Seriously? The guy's