Disclaimer: This fic is rated "explicit" for language and sexual content. I do not own any of the characters of The Hunger Games (although I wish I did). Peeta glanced over to the clock on his dash as he bit into his bottom lip. 12:04. He looked back up to the dark house to his right, drumming his fingers rapidly on the worn leather of the steering wheel. She wasn't coming. This was all just a joke. When Katniss had asked him if he'd ever gone fishing in the dark before, he wasn't sure if he should laugh or answer her seriously. He could count the number of times he'd been fishing before on one hand, all of which occurred during broad daylight hours. When he told her no, she gaped at him—whether in disbelief or mock surprise, he wasn't sure—but she cocked her head to the side and a mischievous grin stretched across her face. As he sat in the cab of his truck, still torn between whether he should wait it out just a few more minutes or just accept defeat and leave, his mind took off in a hundred different directions. If she actually was coming, where was she planning on taking them? She had been pretty vague with regards to the details. Just bring yourself and dress lightly , she'd said. He had second-guessed the choice of his old wrestling shirt that he'd cut the sleeves off of for when he mowed the lawn, but now he was glad of it. In the absence of the AC and with all the windows rolled down, he could already feel the humidity enveloping the exposed parts of his body like a second skin. The sleeveless t-shirt and shorts had been a good call. A small part of him—the horny teenage side that he tried to keep under wraps—was still hopeful that "fishing in the dark" meant something more…something that involved one of his arms wrapped around her tiny waist and the other snaked up her bare back where his hand was free to tangle up in those silky tresses of hers and his tongue explored every unmapped crevice of her mouth. The sound of a screen door shutting echoed through the night air and Peeta's head snapped up. He couldn't see anything at first, but soon he could make out her profile as she approached the truck, smiling ear to ear with two cane poles in one hand and a tackle box in the other. Shit. She was serious. He tucked away the disappointment from his fading fantasy and smiled back at her. Any time spent with her was more than he'd ever hoped for, so really it was a win-win situation for him no mater how the night panned out. As she rounded the back of the truck, she tossed the fishing gear into the back. He cringed when the loud thud of the tackle box resonated through the entire vehicle, and he instinctively looked back up to the house. He held his breath as he waited for the light in Mr. and Mrs. Everdeen's bedroom to flicker on and for Katniss's father to come barreling out the front door with his bow and arrow poised and aimed right between his eyes. He wasn't sure if the well renowned hunter would ever feel completely comfortable with the baker's youngest son dating his eldest daughter. "Hey you." Katniss grinned as she hopped into the passenger seat and slammed the door behind her. "Jesus! Are you trying to get us caught?" "Oh calm down, my parents don't care that I'm out." "Yeah, well, I'm sure it's because they expect you to be by yourself, not out with the likes of me." "You worry too much." Katniss leaned over and her lips brushed against the underside of his jaw, her tongue darting out just long enough to leave a wet spot of her saliva on his neck. As she pulled away, she ran a hand through his hair and ruffled his slightly overgrown locks. God he loved when she did that, especially when she used her nails and dragged them across his scalp. He suppressed a frown when she retracted her hand and buckled herself in. "OK, let's go then." Peeta cranked the key in the ignition and the engine roared to life. He cringed again as he shifted into first gear and the clutch clunked loudly. Fuck, this beast on wheels would be the death of him one of these nights. He was certain of it. When they reached the stop sign at the end of the street, Peeta looked over to find Katniss with her bare feet up on the dash as she twisted the end of her braid around her finger. His eyes trailed up the smooth lines of her calves and up to her thighs, taking a moment to savor every inch of skin she had out on display. For fear of being caught staring, he shook his head and cleared his throat. "So, where to?" "Just take the highway out of town and I'll let you know when to turn." Right. Back to being ambiguous. Katniss fiddled with the knobs of the stereo and eventually settled on an old country station as he pulled onto the highway. He wasn't sure why they called this road a highway; there were never more than three vehicles on it at one time. Peeta's mind began to drift again as he sneaked glances over at his dream girl, who by some miraculous twist of fate was now seated next to him. He tried not to linger on just how short her cut-off jeans were or just how tight her little white tank top was that was riding up her flat stomach. All the while Katniss hummed along to the song on the radio and thankfully for him, she was completely oblivious to the tent that had started to form beneath his shorts. As they approached the outskirts of town, he realized that she had somehow unbuckled herself without him noticing and inched her way across the bench over into the middle seat of the cab. She flashed him a sexy grin when their eyes met, and he had to take a deep breath just to get his racing heartbeat under control. Damn. The effect she had on his body with just one look was downright ridiculous. "See that ole tree stump up ahead on the right? Take the dirt road right after that. Oh, and turn off the headlights once we're there." Peeta arched an eyebrow in her direction as he let eased off the gas pedal to slow down. He somewhat recognized where they were, but he wasn't a hundred percent certain whose property they were just about to be trespassing on. He'd lost track of the concession signs when Katniss had lifted a hand up over her head to snake it around her neck, her tank top shifting just enough for him to notice that she wasn't wearing a bra. "You sure? How will I see where I'm going?" "There's a full moon out tonight, Peeta. Trust me. You'll be able to see where you're going just fine." She reached out and stroked his hand that was gripping the steering wheel tightly, her sun-kissed skin causing his to burn with every brush of her fingers against his. Peeta sighed and after he turned down the dusty dirt road, he switched off the headlights as Katniss instructed. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust, but she was right. The full moon was positioned right in front of them overhead, lighting up the road like a runway. Off in the distance in the direction they were heading, he spotted something shimmering. Then it all made sense. The lake had been the district's best kept secret, for only a select few had built up enough courage to venture out this far onto Old Man Haymitch's property. He'd heard the rumors that circled around school of kids who'd been caught by the old drunkard when they were out joyriding through his cornfields. The stories always ended with narrow escapes and the old man waving his shotgun at them and peppering their tailgates. Peeta didn't think any of it was true, but that didn't stop the ball of nerves that began to well up in the pit of his stomach. The last thing he needed was having to explain to his mother why he'd been caught trespassing—and with the likes of Katniss Everdeen to boot. He still hadn't built up the nerve to tell his parents that they were dating—mostly because he never thought it'd last this long; he was certain she would have dumped his sorry ass by now. But no, here she was, pretty much tucked into his side as she played with the fine hairs at the nape of his neck. It sent shivers down his spine when she began to trace his earlobe with her finger. Fuck. Whatever he did to deserve this now was beyond him, but who was he to question his luck? As the trees began to thin, they reached a clearing that surrounded the lake. He pulled off to the side of the path and killed the engine. "So? What now?" he asked as he unbuckled his seatbelt and ran his sweaty palms along the front of his shorts. "Follow me." She flashed him a come-and-get-me grin and before he could bat an eye, she was out of her seat and had the tailgate down to collect the fishing gear. By the time he collected himself and pocketed his keys, she was already out at the end of the old dock that jutted out into the dark water. She was seated cross-legged at the edge of the dock by the time he reached her. He kicked off his flip-flops and lowered himself next to her, throwing his legs over the edge to dangle his legs into the cool water. When Katniss opened the tackle box, he noticed her taking out a mason jar containing a clear liquid. He studied it curiously as she twisted off the lid off and thrust it in his direction, a bit of it spilling over the sides. "What is that?" He sniffed the mysterious liquid, the fumes burning his nose and halfway down his throat. "Moonshine." Katniss grinned as she pulled it toward her again to her lips and tipped it back eagerly. She giggled when a bit of it spilled out the corners of her mouth and dripped down her chin. God how he wanted to lick it off before it reached her neck. Or better yet, trace it down her slender slope of her neck and into the valley that dipped between her breasts that was peaking out above her tank top. He loved this side of her, this carefree version of the quiet and reserved girl he'd secretly pined after for the majority of his life. It was a side that not many people got to see, one that was only coaxed out when she was in her natural habitat, surrounded by the trees and the wind that whipped through her hair as the crickets sang. She handed the jar to him, and he tentatively lifted the rim to his lips. It burned his throat but the taste of her cherry chapstick that clung to the rim tempted him to take another quick sip. He'd need all the liquid courage he could get if he was finally going to try to take their relationship to the next level...second base. The stolen kisses and heated make-out sessions that they'd shared over the past few weeks quickly become just a tease. Last week when they were alone in his darkened living room one evening, he'd managed to snake a hand up the back of her shirt and just as his fingers brushed the clasp of her bra, his older brother had unexpectedly barged in through the