"Damnit!" The knife clatters onto the countertop with a sharp "ting" as Katniss reaches for the kitchen cloth dangling from the oven door. Droplets of bright red scatter across the cutting board, and she hisses from the sting. Frowning, she applies pressure to the cut as she stares down at the half-chopped carrot, as if it was to blame. She surveys the chaotic mess of chopped vegetables, spices, and knives that litter the counter and for a brief moment considers tossing it all into the trash. It wouldn't be the first time they survived on toast for dinner. After weighing her other options for a few more minutes, she gingerly peels back the towel to check on her thumb. Thankfully, the bleeding has stopped, but she can already tell it's going to leave a mark. Oh well. Just another scar to add to the collection. With a heavy sigh, Katniss retrieves the discarded knife and guilty carrot, quietly berating herself for letting her mind wander in the first place. The last thing she needs is to lose a finger. And all because of what? A stupid bout of jealousy? But no matter how hard she tries, she can't seem to stop replaying the afternoon's events over and over in her head. The better part of her day was spent out in the woods, tracking a buck she'd crossed paths with earlier in the week. It'd been years since she'd last seen one. After the bombings, she was certain the larger game had fled her beloved woods, never again to return. But she should have known better. Mother Nature always had a way of restoring balance. Despite not bagging her intended target, she was able to snag a few hares and a handful of plump squirrels. It'd been an early spring, which meant both flora and fauna were more than abundant for this time of year, ensuring she never left the woods empty-handed. There was enough meat for a decent stew, and with the vegetables stored away in the root cellar, a hearty one at that. The air was fresh, and combined with the serene quiet that the wilderness never failed to provide, she felt centered—mind, body, and soul—and a much welcomed inner peace washed over her. It was her contented state that led her to stop by the bakery on a whim, to weigh in on Peeta's preferred meat for dinner. However, she never made it past the front door. The bakery was surprisingly empty for a weekday afternoon, the only customer a young woman whose outrageous choice of clothing made it blatantly obvious she wasn't a District 12 native. The metallic lace of her barely-there dress and equally hideous matching stilettos had "Capitol" written all over them. It was something Effie would wear…but before Katniss's thoughts could continue down the path of what unknown fate had befell her former escort, she shook the thought from her head as fast as it'd entered. It was risky to let her mind wander. Nothing good ever came from it. Focusing her attention through the spotless storefront window, she cautiously observed the woman, who stood with her hip against the counter, twirling a few strands of flowing purple hair around her finger as she tipped her head back and laughed. At what, Katniss was suddenly curious, considering it was Peeta with whom the woman was so animatedly conversing with. He was all smiles, oozing his inherent Mellark charm as they chatted. Even after all these years, it wasn't unusual for a curious few—especially those from the Capitol—to venture out to the outskirts of District 12 to check in on the surviving Victors, no thanks to Plutarch Heavensbee's tribute that aired every year documenting how Panem's "saviors" were faring. Despite his role in the rebellion and establishing a New Panem, Katniss still harbored resentment for the man, and probably always would. Despite her resolute popularity, the majority of visitors that braved the trip did not do it on her account, the once notorious face of the rebellion. No, it was no secret. They came to see Peeta. She couldn't blame them really. There wasn't much left to see when it came to the Mockingjay. Just a broken girl who had somehow grown into a somewhat less broken woman who hid behind closed doors and curtain-drawn windows. Between the two of them, Peeta had always been the better candidate for the public eye. That much hadn't changed. He was the one with the power to spin words in a way she never could and even after all he'd been through, just a flash of his smile or his presence alone was enough to captivate any crowd or camera. So it was only natural that he'd shouldered the role of spokesperson for "The Star-Crossed Lovers" (as the Capitol still referred to them as, yet again no thanks to Plutarch), sparing her the unwelcomed attention that she shied away from. "The boy's still trying to protect you," Haymitch had said when she slipped out the back door one day and into her old mentor's living room, leaving Peeta to deal with a group of overly meddlesome tourists who had come knocking on their door. And while she was beyond thankful for it, what seemed to bother her as of late was the fact that the majority of said "tourists" were of the female persuasion. Most of the women were harmless, fueled by genuine curiosity and hopes of catching a glimpse of Peeta at the bakery or around town to snap a picture with him. But a handful of times a few had been a bit more…forward. Peeta always brushed it off, but jealousy still had a way of worming into Katniss's heart when she witnessed these woman openly flirt and salivate all over her husband. He was hers, and she was his. That's how it was now, and always would be. As she stood outside, hidden behind a tall topiary, she continued to watch as the scene played out before her eyes. Waiting. What for, Katniss didn't want to admit, but by the woman's body language it was obvious she was hoping for more than a candid photo op. Curious as to how he dealt with these situations, she focused her attention on Peeta. It wasn't a mystery why he still captivated those around him. It was in the way he looked a person in the eye when he spoke. How when he listened, he gave his undivided attention. How when he stood in an inviting manner with his hands against the counter, it drew people in. She herself couldn't help but be drawn to the corded muscles of his arms, how they tightened and flexed when he moved, and to his blue eyes, clear and cheerful. She snapped out of her daze though when the woman suddenly leant forward across the counter to grasp his hand and proceeded to drag a finger up his forearm. "What the…?" Katniss hissed under breath, her lip curling into a snarl as she automatically reached for her bow. Who the hell did this woman think she was, putting her hands all over him? Innocent flirting or staring was one thing, but this? Touching him like she owned him? The woman had more than crossed the line. Katniss stepped out from her hiding place, fully intent on marching into the bakery and breaking every last one of the woman's well-manicured fingers. But the moment she reached for the door handle, Peeta stepped away and laughed, retracting his arms and crossing them over his chest. Somewhat placated, she retreated back behind the topiary but she couldn't erase the frown she still wore. The fact that he'd put a stop to the woman's advance was some consolation, but Katniss was still on edge and her heart beat wildly in her chest. It was disgusting how people still felt they had some sort of claim on the Victors, as if they were the country's property to shamelessly solicit. Just one more thing to add to the list of things that would never change. How Peeta tolerated the unwanted attention, she'd never understand. Why he didn't just flip the finger and send people packing the moment they walked through the door. But that was more her style, and look where that had gotten her. The thought of having to keep up appearances when there was no longer a looming threat over their lives—it was absurd. They'd already taken too much from them. She owed them nothing. And neither did Peeta. As she continued to watch (and stew over her growing jealousy), she caught a glimpse of her reflection in the glass: wind-swept hair that spilt from her braid, splotched cheeks from a full day out in the sun, and a streak of mud just below her left eye. She looked wild, like something dragged from the woods and forced to live amongst civilization. Like a feral cat. Movement from within the bakery caught her eye as the woman tipped her head back in laughter again, flipping her hair to reveal the smooth curve of her bare shoulder. Katniss wouldn't have cared much about the woman's perfectly flawless skin if it weren't for the way Peeta's eyes moved along her exposed shoulder, and when the corner of his mouth lifted into a grin, it set Katniss's anger ablaze. What the hell was he staring at? Did he actually find her attractive? Why wasn't he looking away yet? And why was he reaching out to touch— Katniss startled, whipping her head around when an elderly gentleman greeted her and proceeded to engage her in casual conversation. Trying to hide her annoyance, she half listened as she kept watch of the bakery from the corner of her eye. But she completely tuned the man out and cursed under her breath when Peeta motioned for the woman to follow him through the doors to the back of the bakery. Shocked by what she'd just witnessed, Katniss stared blankly through the window, unsure of what to do. A million scenarios rushed through her head, none of which led to a logical explanation as to what on earth Peeta was doing. Letting her mind wander was a dangerous thing, especially when one specific possibility was threatening to exploit the insecurities she'd worked hard to overcome. It made no sense. Regardless of how things had been between them lately, she refused to believe her husband would do that to her. Not Peeta. There had to be an explanation. Whatever his intentions though, she'd witnessed quite enough and wasn't about to wait around to see when they'd return. So she reined in her doubt and muttered a hasty apology to the old man, bidding him farewell and as she turned on her heel to head back for home. The front door shuts, snapping Katniss out of the memory. She takes a calming breath before picking the knife back up and finishing up the rest of the vegetables. With all the nervous energy coursing through her she's thankful her hands are busy, although perhaps wielding a knife in her anxious state isn't such a good idea. She counts his steps as Peeta casually makes his way down the hall, and when he pauses in the doorway to the kitchen, she can sense the moment his eyes settle on her back. "Smells good, what's cooking?" Without looking up, she gestures with a wave of the blade to the carved up squirrel carcasses. "Mmm, my favorite," he says, striding towards the counter to deposit a loaf of bread. From her peripheral vision, she sees him inch closer, arm outstretched as if to wrap it around her waist, but she'll have none of it. Not after today. The overpowering stench of artificially enhanced lily-of-the-valley stings her nostrils, no doubt the choice scent of this afternoon's Capitol visitor. Katniss knows better than to jump to conclusions, but the nauseating smell is doing a number on her ability to