Disclaimer: This fic is rated "E" for language and explicit sexual content. I do not own any of the characters of The Hunger Games (although I wish I did). All other ideas and creative liberties are my own. " Clean up on aisle 12…can I please get a cleanup on aisle 12?" The chipper voice that echoed overhead, punctuated by an abrupt screech of interference, pierced Peeta's ears and his shoulders tensed. Maybe one day she'll get a hang of the intercom , he thought to himself. But then again, Effie Trinket had been working at the local Valu-mart for over five years now, and not much had changed since the day she transferred from her cushy desk job in the city to manage the District 12 location. Another crackle of interference cut through the air and Peeta shook his head. Or maybe not . It was pleasantly quiet for a Tuesday morning, considering he'd run into only a handful of the local residents from the retirement home up the street as he made his way through the aisles, hunting down ingredients for dinner. It was also the reason why for the past three years, he'd always done his grocery shopping midweek between the hours of ten to three. And why wouldn't he? When he could be in and out in twenty minutes flat—fifteen tops if Rue was managing the register? Yeah, for a single guy who also happened to be his own boss, it was a no-brainer. For tonight's menu, it was a toss-up between four cheese lasagna or spaghetti carbonara. He'd had a hankering for comfort food as of late and nothing said "comfort" quite like a heaping plate piled high with pasta and smothered in cheesy saucy goodness. But as his eyes darted back and forth between the "family size" box of lasagna noodles and the "jumbo" bag of spaghetti, he frowned. Although he'd never been one to throw out perfectly good leftovers, the idea of having the same thing for lunch and dinner for almost an entire week straight had made him think twice before. From an early age, he'd learned that buying in bulk always left a few extra bucks in your pocket, but for some reason, today he was having a hard time gauging which was the better deal as he squinted to make out the net weight of each package. The wire handle of the grocery basket dug awkwardly into the crook of his elbow, the weight of it urging him to hurry it up and settle on something already. Blowing out a heavy sigh, he hung his head in defeat. It was stupid to let something as trivial as this get to him, but some days he just couldn't help it, especially when it seemed that the universe was out to make a mockery of his life. "So much for a dinner for one," he muttered, reaching out to swipe the lasagna noodles off the shelf. Tossing the box into his basket, he turned to head back down the aisle, still frowning as he took a mental stock of the contents to make sure he'd gotten everything on his list. Noodles, check. Spinach, check. Mozzarella, check. Goat cheese— thump . Something smacked straight into his shins, startling him to the point that the grocery basket and everything in it almost went tumbling to the floor. The distinct sound of something hitting the tiles caused his eyes go wide as he spread his arms out to assess the damage that whatever—or rather, whoever —had caused. There at his feet was a little girl, her attention glued to the floor as she frantically tried to stuff what looked to be scattered pieces of chocolate chip cookies into the open box clutched to her chest. "Oh!" Dropping to his knees, he set the basket aside as he helped the little girl to her feet, brushing the crumbs off the front of her plaid shirt and leggings. "Are you alright, sweetheart?" The girl didn't say a word, the box still clenched in her chocolate-covered hands as he inspected her arms and legs for any signs of physical injury. When there was none to be found, he huffed out a sigh and finally glanced up, reaching out to gently tilt her face up. The moment his fingers touched her chin, his hand froze in midair, his attention riveted on the pair of brilliant blue eyes staring back up at him. There was a peculiar familiarity about them that sent the hairs on the back of his neck to stand on end. He'd experienced déjà vu before, but never quite like this. Those eyes…he'd seen before, he was certain of it, but where? Regardless, it wasn't the little girl's eyes that caused his mouth to go dry and goose bumps to pebble his skin. Nope, it was the straight slope of her pert nose that led to a stubborn little scowl as she dropped her gaze back to the scattered bits of cookie that lay wasted on the floor. This time, there wasn't a doubt in his mind where he'd seen that face before. The sound of approaching footsteps sent his heart racing, a pathetic yet hopeful part of him that he was sure had died long ago miraculously springing back to life. The petite woman who rounded the corner at the end of aisle stopped straight in her tracks, eyes growing wide as she took in the scene. Peeta shook his head just to make sure he wasn't seeing things, then blinked long and slow just for good measure. Nope, she was still there. Grey eyes. Dark braid. Olive skin. Features he'd know anywhere. But here was the last "anywhere" he'd ever expect to find her. Appearance-wise, not much had changed since he last saw her, with the exception of filling out a bit in a few key areas. And not at all in a negative way, but quite the opposite. The past few years had obviously been good to her, and the slender girl of his past had grown into a woman with curves not hard to miss in her form-fitting evergreen shirt, tight jeans, and brown leather boots that laced up the front of her legs. It wasn't at all a surprise that she was still as stunning as the day he'd first laid eyes on her. It was rude to stare, he knew damn well it was, but he couldn't help it. Not when the only woman he'd ever loved was standing less than ten feet away. "Mommy!" The little girl he'd almost forgotten about spun around, dropping the box of cookies to the floor before she scampered away and wrapped her arms around Katniss's legs. "Please, please, please don't be mad! I didn't mean to dirty my clothes, but I was…just…so...hungry!" the little girl managed between sobs, burying her face into the front of her mother's jeans. Katniss finally tore her eyes away from him and glanced down to her apparent daughter, a hand slowly settling on top of her head. "That's alright, pumpkin." Katniss stroked the back of the girl's head. "I know waiting is hard, but we need to pay first before we eat anything. Are you alright?" The girl pulled away and nodded, quickly glancing back at Peeta in acknowledgment before looking up and whispering something to her mother. "And did you say thank you?" Whatever Katniss had asked, the girl answered with a silent shake of her head before hiding her face again. Katniss looked over at him with a timid smile. "Sorry about that, she's kind of shy." It was then that he realized he was still staring, dumbfounded while on his knees in the middle of the aisle, mouth hung open like an idiot. In an effort to save face, he glanced away quickly, clearing his throat as he carefully retrieved his basket and picked himself up off the floor. Hoping he was still able to form words, he swallowed the boulder stuck in his throat before asking, "Katniss? Katniss Ever—" He stopped short, mentally scolding himself for his social faux pas before correcting himself. "Sorry, I mean, Katniss Hawthorne?" She gave him a hesitant look, the cautious glint in her eye unmistakable. "Hello, Peeta. It's good to see you." "It's…it's definitely been awhile," he said, internally cringing at his lame response. "I mean, yeah, it's good to see you too." Despite the mixed emotions and numerous questions wracking his brain, he managed a genuine smile, hoping to set her at ease. He took a few steps towards the pair, the tension in his body melting away the closer he got. Looking back down, he found the little girl peering up at him curiously, her cheeks red and the corner of her mouth smeared with chocolate. "And who might this be?" Katniss smiled, turning the girl around to face him. "This is would be Heather, my...my daughter." "Nice to meet you, Heather." Extending his hand, he chuckled when the girl tentatively reached out to shake it. "That's a pretty name. I'm Peeta, an old friend of your mother." So it was a bit of stretch from the truth, but whatever, it was better than the actual truth. Shaking his head, he rid himself of the memories threatening to spill back into his mind. Clearing his throat, Peeta turned his attention back to Katniss. "So, what brings you back? Are you, ah, here for a visit?" With Panem being such a small town, it wasn't a secret that after her sister Prim had left town and headed out east for college and Mrs. Everdeen's nursing job relocated her two towns over, there wasn't much of a reason left for Katniss to be visiting. It was plausible that she was back for an in-law visit, but if that was the case, she'd gone well out of her way since the Hawthorne's still lived a half hour outside of town. Regardless of her reason, he knew for certain that the last time he'd seen her was the last time she'd returned in little over five years. It'd been the end of May, just a few weeks after her 22nd birthday that she'd returned home for the summer. He'd learned from Prim during one of her many visits to the bakery that with college graduation finally behind her, Katniss had been set to start her career in environmental studies out west at the start of the fall. The entire three months she was home, he'd insisted on manning the bakery storefront for his father, secretly hoping he'd run into her there since they never seemed to travel in the same social circles. He'd spotted her around town a number of times, but the opportunity to flag her down and chat, even for just a few minutes, never surfaced. So when it was down to the last night before she was scheduled to fly out and he still hadn't managed a single conversation with Katniss, he'd decided to blow off an invite from his friends and drown out his disappointment with a couple of beers at Haymitch's. It had been his own fault really, considering he'd had years during their time together at school to build up his courage and just go talk to her. But with every opportunity, he'd found some excuse and chickened out. And then she'd left for college, never to return again for all he knew. It was then he swore to himself that if he ever saw her again, he wouldn't let her go without telling her how he truly felt. How he'd been a hopeless goner since their first day of kindergarten. And still was. However, the odds had been in his favor that night when he stepped through the doors into the dimly lit sorry-excuse of a restaurant. There she'd been, pouring drinks behind the bar for a group of guys who were already four sheets to the wind and blatantly ogling her chest from