Disclaimer: This fic is rated 'M' for language and sexual content. I do not own any of the characters of The Hunger Games (although I wish I did). All other ideas and creative liberties are my own. "Hot chocolate with extra whipped cream and a shot of hazelnut, please," Katniss said as she shuffled up to the counter without looking up. Grumbling to herself, she struggled to extricate a five dollar bill from her wallet, all the while trying but mostly failing at juggling the five too many bags in her hands. With a triumphant "ah-ha", she tossed the bill down on the counter just in time to catch the garment bag containing her dress before it fell to the ground. The last thing she needed was an overnight dry cleaning bill. Despite her sour mood, she managed a tight-lipped smile as the red-headed barista who was suspiciously always managing the cash register when she came in rung up her order. Darius? Was that his name? As expected, what's-his-name grinned back at her like a buffoon, but today her patience was running thin and she was not in the mood for the inevitable bout of forced small talk and one-way flirting. Her feet ached, her head was throbbing, and she was cranky as hell. "Keep the change," she muttered as he opened his mouth but she escaped further down the counter just in time to wait for her drink. What a shit show of a morning. As much as she loved Madge, why on earth had she agreed to be part of the wedding? And who on earth needed nine bridesmaids? Nine ! Which meant there were nine groomsmen and she didn't have to be a math whiz to figure out that, including the bride and groom, they made up a whopping twenty member wedding party. They'd need a goddamn school bus to truck everyone around town on the wedding day. Which reminded her, she had to call the limo company again to confirm that they had indeed managed to locate a stretch SUV long enough to accommodate them all. At least the bridesmaid dresses weren't a nightmare. Madge had been right when she said it was a dress they could all wear again, considering she'd chosen convertible dresses that could be worn in an infinite number of ways and she'd left it up to them to choose a style that suited each bridesmaid best. One problem, though. As amazing as the dress choice was, the fabric wasn't exactly forgiving which meant her go to bra and underwear weren't going to cut it unless she wanted to be that girl who walked around with heinous panty lines all day. Nope, no thank you. Hence why she'd spent the better part of her only free day of the week running around town trying to find shoes and panty-line-free undergarments. But as always, she'd left everything to the last minute. So although she was able to find a surprisingly comfortable pair of heels on clearance, she was shit outta luck in the lingerie department. After rummaging through the less than stellar selection at the local box store, she'd choked down her distaste for the mall and twenty minutes later had found herself surrounded by an obscene amount of satin and lace and larger-than-life sized posters of women covered in nothing more than 3 square inches of fabric. What she thought would be a quick in-and-out job had somehow morphed into a torturous half hour ordeal of trying to locate a standard black strapless bra and thong in her size that didn't cost an arm and a leg. Damn her average size 34B boobs. Because of them, the only affordable set she was able to get her hands on from the discount bin was orange—bright fucking orange, and of course, the thong was nothing more than a triangle scrap of lace that would require some major landscaping of her nether region if she wanted to pull it off. But she only had herself to blame for procrastinating. Yeah, karma was indeed a bitch. Of course, the checkout line had been a mile long too, and to top it all off, the slimy bald guy behind her had no concept of person space and had made her skin crawl as he practically breathed down her neck the entire time. When her turn at the cashier came up, she'd cried out from relief as she raced up to the counter and tossed the bra and thong at the sales lady, who of course made a huge production of holding up Katniss's purchases for the world to see as she scanned them. That was the moment Katniss hit her breaking point. Before the saleslady could continue with her song and dance of wrapping the garments up in pink and black tissue paper and topping it off with a satin ribbon, Katniss tossed down the amount of cash owed, grabbed her purchases, and shoved them into the ridiculous pink bag that screamed "I just purchased naughty lingerie". So yeah, she totally deserved the extra whipped cream on her once a week chocolaty indulgence. As she waited, Katniss mentally went through the to-do list Madge had entrusted her to and glanced around the coffee shop, but just when the barista called out her order for pickup, a familiar head of blond hair caught her eye and she smiled. But her smile quickly faded when after another glance she noticed the second head of blonde hair seated across from the first. Thing was, the second blonde came with a pretty smile, glossy pink lips, and a ginormous rack that the buttons of her blouse were struggling to contain. It was when the woman reached out and playfully squeezed his arm that Katniss saw red. What. The. Fuck. Her hands clenched into fists and her body went rigid as a rush of anger coursed through her veins. There was no way in hell this was happening on her watch. The barista shouted out her order again, causing Katniss to tear her attention away from the two blondes who seemed to be having quite the animated conversation. She muttered a quick apology as she struggled to snap a lid on her cup and then, after shifting her bags yet again and squaring her shoulders, she marched across the coffee shop like a woman on a mission. "What the fuck!" she bellowed as she stalked up behind his hunched over form. But when he didn't turn, she let out a frustrated huff, effectively catching the attention of the pretty blonde seated across from him. The woman stared at her for a second with wide eyes and an open mouth, but she snapped it shut when Katniss finally reached the table and grabbed hold of his shoulder. "I'm talking to you, Mellark! What the fuck are you do—" The words died in her throat when he turned and she got lost in a pair of startled yet piercing blue eyes. She shifted her gaze, blatantly soaking in the rest of him. His hair was the same, so was his broad, muscular frame, but his features were wrong, all wrong. The man in front of her was gorgeous. Utterly gorgeous . And most definitely not Madge's fiancée, Rye Mellark. The man had a perfectly defined jaw and straight nose, unlike Rye's whose was slightly crooked thanks to a high school wrestling injury (or so he'd said). And unlike Rye's pale blue eyes, this man's were a deep glacial blue, like nothing she'd ever seen before. And his mouth…good lord, his mouth. She'd never given a second thought to Rye's lips before but this man…she was practically salivating with the craziest urge to taste his. Then the corner of his mouth lifted into an amused and insanely sexy smirk that caused all rational thought to leave her head. Wow. She had to be dreaming. The guy was unreal. Clearing his throat, he glanced down at the hand she still had clutched to his shoulder. "Oh my god, I'm so sorry!" she stammered, taking a step back and wrenching her hand away as if burned. Embarrassment flooded her cheeks. "You're not Rye." "Nope." He cocked his head curiously then flashed her another captivating grin. "I'm Peeta, the youngest Mellark." " You're Rye's little brother?!" Katniss let out a strangled laugh as a bout of nervous energy suddenly overtook her. She was going to give Madge a very stern talking to later when she got home. When her friend and soon-to-be-ex-roommate had mentioned Rye's brothers were going to be in the wedding party, she'd apparently forgotten to include "hot has sin" in her list of descriptors with regards to the youngest Mellark, who was also much much older than she'd expected. "Yep, and who said anything about being little?" The boyish smile he directed straight at her was charming yet unexpectedly wicked. "He may have a few inches on me, but I like to think size doesn't matter." Another nervous laugh bubbled from her throat. Oh yeah, the guy may have had golden-boy written all over him but he also radiated pure sex appeal. And he damn well knew it. "But in case you're not convinced," he continued in an easy-going drawl, "I have it on good account that I'm also the better Mellark…when it comes to what matters." Katniss's eyebrows shot up to her hairline when his voice went husky at the word comes and her thighs clenched at the blatant innuendo. Considering she hadn't gotten laid in several long months, she let her body's unexpected reaction slide, chalking it up to pent up sexual frustration and the fact that for some reason a gorgeous guy was paying attention to her. And it was good to know that cockiness was apparently another inherited trait the two brothers shared. She still couldn't fathom what her prim and proper friend saw in her fiancée. Rye Mellark was loud and crude and at times overly obnoxious, especially once he had a few beers in him and his internal filter was all but lost. The two were polar opposites, but then again, she had to admit the guy treated Madge like a queen, and it was kind of hard to ignore the love-sick look in his eyes whenever she was around. A cheerful laugh snapped Katniss from her thoughts and she turned to the other blonde she'd completely forgotten about. "Stop it, Peeta! You're scaring the poor girl!" The woman turned her attention back to Katniss. "Don't mind him, he's all talk," she continued with a dismissive wave of her hand. "And usually much better behaved, I swear. So, from the looks of the bridesmaid dress there, I'm assuming you're in the wedding party?" "Oh, right, yes." No longer able to manage the weight of all the things in her hands, she set her cup down on the table, but then lost hold of her bags and cringed when they fell to the floor in a heaping mess at her feet. Fighting a rush of embarrassment, she hastily gathered them up and glanced back over to the woman. "I'm Katniss, a friend of Madge." " You're Madge's little friend?" Peeta interjected, playfully echoing her earlier words and leaning back in his chair as he brought his hands up to rest behind his head. Jesus, the powerful biceps that poured from his sleeves had her momentarily dazed. Though the quick once over of her body didn't go unnoticed and she'd be lying if she said the appraising tilt of his head when he wet his lips and grinned didn't send a jolt of desire straight between her legs. What was the matter with her? Just a few minutes in this guy's presence and he already had her salivating like a pavlovian dog with each flash of that goddamn smile. "Very funny," she mumbled, wrenching her eyes from his in a desperate attempt to keep her raging libido in check. "Well, remind