"You've got to be kidding me!" Peeta shouted at the windshield as his car slowed to a sputtering halt. Thankfully, he'd been able to maneuver it off onto the shoulder of the highway so as not to be a sitting duck out in the middle of the road. Not that it really mattered; he hadn't seen another car in over an hour and didn't expect to either. He cursed under his breath at his luck, or lack thereof. His exit had just come into view—only half a mile away—when the steering wheel began to feel stiff as he was changing lanes. The inopportune timing just made everything a hundred times worse. He was already running late for dinner and the earlier meeting he'd had with his father's accountant had left him feeling guilty as fuck. Fate was laughing in his face, but maybe it served him right…maybe it was a sign. The check engine light had flickered on well over a month ago, but he didn't think much of it at the time. The old clunker still started each morning, and so each week he told himself that he'd take it into the shop. One week turned to two, which somehow turned into four, which apparently had been one too many. It was days like these he wondered what ever possessed him to keep the damned thing; it belonged in a scrap yard, or with someone who could properly take care of it. His head bounced off the steering wheel with a gentle thud as he closed his eyes and smacked at the dashboard, as though hitting it would fix the problem. In one last desperate attempt, he turned the key over but nothing happened—not even a pathetic clank or pop from the exhaust. It was no use. He was stranded. He was only about twenty minutes out of town, so he reached for his cell phone that was charging in the cup holder, but he paused after unlocking the screen and frowned. It dawned on him that there wasn't anyone he could call to drive out and get him. Releasing a frustrated sigh, he scrounged around the glove box until he located his old Triple-A membership card that was sandwiched between a wad of unused napkins and the owner's manual, which was still sealed away in pristine condition in the original plastic bag it came in when the car was passed on to him years ago. Huh, he thought as he dialed the number. If only he'd taken the time to crack open the manual once in a blue moon, then maybe he wouldn't be in this mess. The lady on the other end of the line was pleasant enough, but when she mentioned the name of the towing company that would be dispatched out to him, he couldn't shake the feeling that he'd heard of the name before. To pass the time, he gathered up the rest of his belongings and anything of remote value and grabbed his laptop case from the backseat. There was no telling how long his car would be in the shop, so it was probably best to just take everything. After what seemed like hours (but was no more than ten minutes), a low rumble followed by a loud bang caused him to glance into the rearview mirror just in time to catch sight of an old, dingy tow truck as it pulled up behind him. Peeta reached over to pop the trunk and grabbed his laptop case and phone before doing one last scan of the interior. As he slammed the door shut, he caught a glimpse of the driver and shook his head. Typical . The man took a not-so-discreet sip from a sliver flask before hopping down from the driver seat to greet Peeta. "Cars always choose the most inconvenient times to break down, don't they?" "You're telling me," Peeta said as he grabbed his weekend bag from the trunk and slammed it shut. "Thanks for coming out so fast." "No problem, what kind of shady operation would I be running if I wasn't on call twenty-four seven?" A corner of the man's mouth rose into a crooked grin. "Why don't you toss your bags in the truck and get settled? This shouldn't take more than a few minutes to get hooked up," he said as he started to lower the towing hook. Peeta nodded and made his way to the passenger side to open the door. He held his breath as he hoisted himself up into the cab of the tow truck, taking a quick glance around before placing his bags on the center console and settling into the seat. The floor and dash were littered with empty plastic bottles and crushed Styrofoam coffee cups, balled-up napkins were strewn everywhere, and he kicked away a crumpled up Wendy's bag to make room for his laptop case. He released a deep breath as he shook his head. He cringed as he reached over to buckle himself in, somewhat concerned as to what filth most likely covered the strap of the seat belt that rested against his clean, white button-up shirt. He hadn't thought to pack another in favor of travelling light, but when he looked down and noticed a brown and grey stain across the front of the strap and the distinct smell of oil radiating off of it, he frowned. When he lifted the belt off his chest and found it had left a mark, his cursed under his breath. Great. Just what he needed—a dry cleaning bill to go with his garage bill. The sound of the winch reeling in caused Peeta to startle. He checked again to make sure his phone was tucked into the front pocket of his laptop case, but when he pulled it out he was disappointed to find that he had only one bar of power remaining. It was then he remembered that he'd left his charger at home, thinking he'd only need his car charger for the weekend. What else could go wrong? As he tucked his phone back into his bag, the driver's side door swung open and in hopped the man. "You ain't from around here, are ya?" he said as he eyed Peeta's attire. He could tell by the way the man arched an eyebrow that he was no doubt branding him a city slicker by the look of his crisp starched shirt, gray slacks, and dress shoes. Peeta sighed. He didn't always dress like this. In fact, he hated dressing up. It was only when he met with his lawyer or accountant that he felt the need to upgrade from his usual worn-in jeans and plaid shirt combo. After his meeting earlier in the day had run late, he couldn't be bothered to change. He was in a hurry to hit the road and start the two-hour drive back to his hometown. Besides, he had promised Delly he'd make it back in time to meet up with her for dinner. "Actually," Peeta said as he began to roll up the sleeves of his shirt. "I grew up here." "You don't say!" "Yeah, my father ran the bakery in town." "Mellark's?" the man asked as he turned his head to give Peeta a second glance. "You're Jeb's son. I thought you looked familiar!" The scruffy man's face fell not moment later, taking on a serious look as he pursed his lips. "Your father was a good man, the whole town loved him." Peeta smiled back with a nod but remained quiet. It'd been two years since his father passed, which meant it'd been two years since he'd last been home. As much as he hated to admit it, there was nothing left for him here, except for an empty storefront and an empty house that held too many memories, good and bad, for Peeta to deal with. But he couldn't stay away forever, and those two exceptions were the reason of his return home. After his father's funeral, both the bakery and the house sat idle while Peeta decided what was to become of them. The thought of moving back home crossed his mind on more than one occasion; he could fulfill his childhood dream of taking over the bakery and move into his old house. But at the time, it was too much too soon. Timing had never been on his side, and he was torn between his past and his potential future when he'd finally started to make a name for himself out in the city with his artwork. He wasn't ready for a career change quite yet…or at least that's what he kept telling himself. The flicker of a flame caught Peeta's attention. "You don't mind, do you?" the man asked, although it didn't really matter considering the man was already puffing out a billowy cloud of smoke before Peeta could answer. Great. His stained shirt just wouldn't be complete without also smelling like an ashtray. It wasn't long before he was desperate to open a window, his nostrils burning from the cigarette smoke, combined with the distinct scent of alcohol that was quite discernible on the man's rancid breath. Peeta swallowed back the building urge to puke as they continued down the highway at a painstakingly slow speed. At this rate, he was definitely not making it back in time for dinner with Delly. What a great homecoming, he thought as they passed the town's welcome sign that hadn't changed since he was a boy—not that he expected it to. It was one of the few constants in his life that he could rely on, and in a way it was comforting. After a few turns, they pulled up to the front of a dilapidated old building, the flickering streetlight above casting an almost strobe light effect on the sign overhead. Abernathy's Garage . The name finally clicked as Peeta put two and two together. Haymitch Abernathy. Veteran and town drunk. Or was. The man appeared to have cleaned himself up enough to make better use of his time. "Why don't you head on inside and make yourself comfortable. I'll just drop your car off at the back and I'll be with you in about ten minutes." Peeta left the man with a nod and collected his bags. The strong scent of burnt coffee and motor oil invaded his nostrils the moment he swung open the door, expecting to find the interior in a similar state of disarray as the tow truck. However, the dimly lit waiting room was tidy and the floors were spotless. He settled into a seat in the far corner next to a door that was ajar and took the opportunity to check his messages, not surprised to find two already waiting for him from Delly. As he typed out an apologetic response with his regrets that he wasn't going to make it to dinner, his foot began to tap in time with the rhythm of a familiar song that played from behind the door. To pass the time, he riffled through the collection of magazines on the table, hoping to find something entertaining. He didn't recognize any of the titles but eventually settled on an outdoor life magazine with a large deer posing majestically on the cover. His mind was elsewhere as he thumbed through the pages, glancing at the pictures and skimming the captions. The weekend was going to be a trying and exhausting one, and it was already off to a great start. He checked his phone after a while for the time, thinking ten minutes had passed by now since there was still no sign of Haymitch. Ten minutes turned to fifteen and fifteen turned to twenty. He grew antsy, his foot bouncing off the linoleum floor in time with the muffled beat from the music still coming from behind the door. All he wanted to do was get home and out of his clothes and maybe