Disclaimer: This fic is rated 'M' language and sexual content. I do not own any of the characters of The Hunger Games (although I wish I did). Early June… Peeta glanced down at the rumpled up piece of paper in his hand, squinting his eyes in an attempt to decipher the row of numbers now smudged by his fingers. With handwriting like this, I should be a doctor , he thought to himself as he frowned at his own chicken-scratch excuse for writing. If only his phone got reception this far out of the city, he wouldn't be in this predicament. According to Google Maps, the Everdeen farm was 3.4 miles west of County Line 12, but according to his odometer, he was already 6 miles in with still no sign of a homestead. Everywhere he looked, he was surrounded by a sea of green. Short stalks with long leaves fluttered in the breeze, forming tight rows that were interrupted by random outcrops of trees here and there. Any other day and this would have been an idyllic moment, one he'd probably consider capturing in his sketchbook. But not today. Not when he had somewhere to be. He scratched at his day-old stubble and with a long, drawn out sigh, started up his car again. A quick check in the rearview mirror confirmed there was no one coming up behind him (not that he'd seen another soul in sight over the past half hour), so with a tight swivel of the steering wheel, he turned his car around and headed back down the dusty country road. Not a minute later, something caught his eye. It was a small break in the fields that could easily have been missed, but as he slowed to take a better look, it appeared to be a narrow dirt driveway. A faded sign half-hidden by the overgrowth of grass thankfully matched the numbers he was sure were scribbled on the paper in his lap, and for the first time that day, his spirits lifted. After turning down the path, a small group of buildings popped out over the horizon, along with a tiny spark of hope that he was indeed headed towards some hint of civilization. Whether it was the Everdeen farm or not, at least he could stop and ask for directions. If it had been any other summer, Peeta would have spent it at home, working at his dad's bakery like his brothers before him. But not this year. This year required a change. Being his last summer before starting college, this was his final chance to try something new. Thankfully his dad had been all for the idea and suggested that if he really wanted to try something different, something that would really leave a lasting impression on him and challenge him in new ways, he said to look for something outside the city. This eventually led to the idea of working as a farmhand on one of the numerous farms located on the outskirts of the city. Three inquires and one phone call later, Peeta had landed himself a summer position at the Everdeen farm, one of the smaller family farms devoted primarily to the production of grains. When the buildings in front of him no longer resembled miniatures, he could make out what he assumed to be a barn, a smaller storage shed of some sort, and a white two-story house complete with a quintessential wraparound porch and dark green shutters. All it needed were two rocking chairs and a coon hound fast asleep on the steps and it'd be scene straight out of a Wilson Rawls novel. A rusty red pickup truck loomed into view and he spotted a man unloading wooden crates out of the truck bed along with a young girl perched on the tailgate. When he finally came to a stop a little ways from the house, Peeta killed the engine and took a deep breath, hoping this was the right place. "Howdy," the man greeted with a hearty smile. "Hello," Peeta answered, shutting the car door behind him. He wiped his palms down the front of his jeans before offering an outstretched hand to the man. "I'm Peeta. Peeta Mellark. Is this the Everdeen farm?" "It sure is, glad to see you made it!" The man's easy smile set Peeta's restless nerves at ease. "I'm Mr. Everdeen, but you can call me Jack, most everyone does around here." At first glance, Mr. Everdeen appeared to be in his early forties. Not a large man, but not weak-looking by any means. His tanned skin was witness to long days spent in the sun and tips of dark brown hair curled out from under a weathered blue baseball cap. A tiny giggle from the tailgate caused Peeta to turn his attention to the young girl who was swinging her legs carelessly through the air. "Well," Mr. Everdeen continued, " almost everyone calls me that. To this little one though, I go by the likes of 'Dad'." He scrunched his face up and stuck out his tongue at the girl. "This would be Primrose, my youngest." "But you can call me Prim," the girl chimed in before returning the silly face in the direction of her dad. "Most everyone does around here," she added in a low voice, blatantly mocking him. Peeta couldn't help but chuckle at the free and easy banter between father and daughter. Oddly though, they looked nothing alike. With Prim's wavy blonde hair, blue eyes, and fair complexion, she was more likely to pass off as his own sister than Mr. Everdeen's offspring. The man let out a hearty laugh before turning back to Peeta. "I hope the place wasn't too hard to find?" "Nah, not too hard," he answered. Major understatement. "Well that's good to hear. For years I've been meaning to put up a proper sign for the place, but, uh, it's still pretty low on the priority list for the time being." Mr. Everdeen finished unloading the last crate from the truck and gently swatted at his daughter. She promptly hopped off and shut the tailgate behind her. Her dad reached down to tweak the end of her nose and said, "You better get a move on and help your Mama. She'll be expecting some help with supper." "Yes, sir," Prim answered with a salute before scurrying up the front steps and disappearing into the house. Mr. Everdeen rocked back on his heels and swiveled around to face Peeta. "Well, first things first, let me help you with your bags and we'll get you all squared away." "That's alright, I can manage." Peeta retreated back to his car to fetch his duffle bag and backpack from the trunk and lifted them into the air. "I packed light." He didn't think it made any sense to pack much, just a few pairs of jeans, a couple shorts, and a bunch of t-shirts he didn't mind getting wrecked considering the nature of the manual labor he was expecting. There was no sense in bringing his laptop or any other electronic device; if he was going to get the full country living experience, he was going to do it right. Besides a few framed family photos, the only other pieces of his life from the city he thought to bring were his sketchpad, a pack of pencils, and charcoals. "So, we've put you up in the apartment over the tool shed," Mr. Everdeen said as he motioned to Peeta to follow him towards a small building across from the house. "I hope you don't mind, my wife thought a young guy like you'd appreciate the privacy up there. There's a washroom but you'll take your meals with us at the main house. Feel free to make use of the family room whenever you like, there's a television and phone for when you'd like to keep in touch with your folks." The tool shed had a faint musty smell, not exactly offensive, but it made Peeta's nose wrinkle until he got used to the odor. A set of stairs towards the back led up to a second floor and the old boards creaked loudly as they made their ascent. Well, at least he'd have fair warning whenever someone was coming up. When they reached the second floor, Peeta was secretly relieved at the sight of his summer home. The room was quaint but clean, outfitted with a comfy looking bed, nightstand, and desk. It was definitely nothing to grumble about, and as Mr. Everdeen said, it was his own space. After setting his bags down on the bed, Peeta immediately made his way over to the window and propped it open. "Oh, uh, one other thing," Mr. Everdeen said as he raised a hand to rub the back of his neck. "There's no AC up here so you're right to make use of the window. But there's a fan in the closet there if you need it." He walked over to the worn mahogany armoire and retrieved an ancient oscillating fan that he placed on the desk. "Now, how 'bout a tour of the place?" During the short 15-minute trip in the passenger seat of the truck, Peeta tried his best to commit to memory a mental map of the property in relation to all the buildings. The main structures included the farmhouse, the tool shed where he'd be staying, and a barn that housed a few dozen chickens, a couple cows, and a goat (which Mr. Everdeen made sure to mention was Prim's pride and joy). The workable land was made up of a hundred acres of cash grain fields, corn or soybeans depending on the year, and a small creek ran along the west side of the property, separating it from the neighboring farm. For the majority of the ride Peeta remained quiet, listening tentatively to his new boss and trying to get a feel for his personality. Finally Mr. Everdeen turned to him and asked, "So, any questions?" "Just one," Peeta answered as he turned his face Mr. Everdeen. "So what exactly will I be doing around here?" Mr. Everdeen chuckled. "Anything and everything. But by the looks of it, seems like you have a good head on your shoulders and know a thing or two about pulling your own weight." Peeta squared his shoulders in response, glad his stocky stature didn't go unnoticed. "I'm used to hard work, if that's what you mean. My father owns a bakery but it's not all cakes and bread; I'm used to hauling around a hundred pound bags of flour. Oh, and I was on the wrestling team in high school." "Well, I wouldn't be too worried then, nothing you can't handle I'm sure. We'll start you out with helping around the barn…mucking out the stalls, hauling hay, and whatnot. Then we'll get you out in the fields and up on the ol' tractor. When you're not busy with that, there's always something around that needs fixin'. The life of a farmer—" he paused and drummed his thumbs on the steering wheel before continuing, "—not everyone's cut out for it." Peeta couldn't help but take that as a challenge. He'd never entered into anything half-heartedly and he wasn't about to start now. It was all in with both feet or not at all. Despite the long hours and back-breaking work he knew was in store for him, the property was beautiful and he'd already taken note of over a dozen spots he'd like to capture on paper during his free time. That is, if he ever got any. When the farmhouse finally came back into view, the sun had already started it's decent over the horizon, but something was different. There was another truck parked in the driveway that hadn't been there when they left. "That'll be my first born, Katniss. She'd be about your age I reckon. How old are you anyway, son?" "I