Disclaimer: S. Meyer owns. No copyright infringement is meant. Ironic "And isn't it ironic, don't you think . . . A little too ironic, and yeah, I really do think." — Alanis Morissette . Bella's POV . My hands shake as I give my coat to the attendant. Only two weeks I've been a new team member and already I'm wining and dining at some fancy banquet. Well, not only me, but everyone who seems to work for them. I smooth down the wrinkles in my requisite black dress while begging my feet not to trip over anything. Dressing up is never my idea of fun, but I know it comes with the territory of working at such a prestigious law firm. Cullen, Hale & McCarthy is one of the top – if not the most – sought after firms for Business Law. Million dollar deals are ironed and worked out in their offices and board rooms. Quite intimidating to a small town girl from Forks. Some would think, how such an awkward girl could get such an esteemed position ; and I guess it really comes down to who you know. Having a father as a long-time friend of a partner also helps. That doesn't meant I don't carry my weight. One has to constantly prove oneself at such a high-powered firm. Being a paralegal may not seem like the most exciting of jobs, but it pays the bills and keeps the top echelon of lawyers from having to do the grunt work. It is often joked: behind every good lawyer is an even better paralegal. Or so we tell ourselves . As I step into the Salon ball room and allow my eyes to take in its beauty, I have to remind myself this is real and I'm actually here. Ironically the classic line, " we're not in Kansas anymore ," flashes in my mind. I wonder if everyone has such a moment in their lives. Glorious views of the Chicago skyline meet my eyes. All the drapes are pulled back, affording the beauty of the city to mingle with each guest. The white-cloth tiered chandeliers add soft ambient lighting to an already overwhelming scene. Tables with fine silk clothes, and even more exquisite flower arrangements, are centered around the room, giving people a place to set their drinks down and mingle. A heated blush comes to my cheeks as I take in everything, especially all the fancy-dressed people. I can only imagine the labels and fashion houses being showcased tonight. I try not to let my black dress – purchased at the local mall – feel inferior. It isn't clothes which makes a person , I remind myself. It is their personal worth . With those words ringing in my head and several deep fortifying breaths later, I make my way into the salon and start to mingle. . . A couple of hours later, after several glasses of champagne downed, I am feeling better. More confident. The gold, bubbly drink is really wonderful and goes a long way to shoring up my courage. The room has become fuller since I arrived; many people are talking, laughing and probably sharing secrets to the universe. They all seem so self-important. My own arrival must have been too early as most people seemed to have arrived a couple hours after the stated time on the invite. Fashionably late seems as in style as all the shiny dresses the women have on. I wondered how they aren't blinded by the reflection. Jessica's inane chatter keeps up at a steady stream as people filter in around us. "Such a tacky dress. Can you imagine wearing such an ugly color as vermillion?" The women standing in our circle giggle at Jessica's remark. I guess she is the ring leader of this tribe. More like circus , I think snidely. My eyes take in who she's talking about, and I somewhat agree. I don't know about the color vermillion, or what it really is, but the orange-red color is sure bold. Quickly, I look away. It puts my black dress into a better perspective. I bring my flute to my lips and down the rest of my drink, successfully drowning out Jessica and her hen-pecking. Politely, I make my excuses about having to refresh my drink and leave. My head seems to have unclenched from its mental strain. After retrieving a fresh glass from a passing waiter and waving to several people I somewhat recognize, I run into one of the partners. Carlisle Cullen, even in his early fifties, is a beautiful man. His blond hair even curls fetchingly around his ears. I can't help but wonder what these people drink and how their DNA is so astounding. He and my father went to high school together and still keep in contact – well, as much as Charlie talks to anyone. He is a quiet man. After junior year, the Cullen family moved on to greener pastures. "Mr. Cullen," I greet politely. "This is quite a nice event." My cheeks heat up as I take in what I say and how stupid it sounds. Way to stay the obvious there, Bella . "Thank you, Bella. I sincerely hope you are enjoying yourself." And strange enough, I know he is being quite genuine. There is something about Carlisle Cullen which makes a person feel comforted and important. Even for someone as low on the totem pole as myself. "Yes, I am." I smile shyly, cursing my father and his dominate genes. Sometimes I wish I could be more like my out-going mother. So unafraid of life and taking chances. "One can't help but have a nice time in such a nice setting." As he laughs good-naturedly at my naivety, I feel warmed by his laughter. It is so full and rich. Again, it only does him credit. "How is your father doing? I haven't the opportunity of speaking to him recently." "He's good, Mr. Cullen," I mumble awkwardly, still so taken aback being in his presence and him actually taking the time to speak with me, when there are so many people vying for his limited attention. "Still living in Forks and fishing on the weekends." A twinkly wistful looks comes into Mr. Cullen's eyes. "Many a time your father and I fished on the weekends." I smile politely, not really sure what to say or make of his wistfulness. Mr. Cullen must see something in my face because he goes on to explain, "I never really knew how to fish and your father thought that such a crime." This time I do laugh. Charlie is nothing if not predictable. I can imagine his horrified look, even now at someone not knowing how to go fishing. "' Well, big city ,' your father first called me, 'I'll just have to teach you. It is a crime what they teach us young people these days.' " Embarrassing giggles escape from me as I relish Mr. Cullen's story of Charlie. He seems to have my father's number – knowing him quite well. Even after all these years it seems. "And just between you and me, Bella, I still don't understand the lure of fishing." I can't help but share a conspiratorially smile with my boss. "But the stillness of the water and the quietness of the act is something I can relate to." I give my companion a small smile in understanding. Those were the only things I liked about fishing, too. Often I would just want to put the poor slimy creature back in the water, letting them go. My father said I had too weak of a stomach. "A man after my own understanding," I joke. "That is about the only thing I can tolerate about fishing, Mr. Cullen." We both laugh over my father and his love of his sport before taking a drink. "Please, none of this 'Mr. Cullen' nonsense. Carlisle will quite suffice." I nod as my cheeks become a slow burn. I hate feeling embarrassed and out of my element. "It may take me a while," I tell him honestly, still not comfortable calling my (for all intent and purposes) boss by his first name. "That will be fine, Bella. Take all the required time necessary." Before anything else can be said, someone is waving at Carlisle, trying to get his attention. An apologetic smile takes over his distinguished face as he waves back. "It seems there is no rest for the weary. Persons to mingle with and niceties to make. Perhaps I should take your father's example and go fishing on a quiet lake. Hmm?" I feel bad for Mr. Cullen and his now apparent tiredness. I can't even imagine the level of energy he requires to constantly go and never stop mingling. It gives me hives just thinking about it. "Do enjoy the rest of your evening, Miss. Swan. And please give my fond regards to your father." "I will, sir. And please tell Mrs. Cullen I say hello." "Surely, Bella." And with a slight bow, he leaves with his fancy words and impeccable manners. I send a good thoughts up for him, hoping he can also enjoy his evening. I sigh as the uncomfortable feelings of the evening start to overtake me again. I don't know if I'll ever truly fit in. I pick up a fresh glass from a roaming waiter and make my way back over to Jessica's group. She may get on my last nerve with her constant gossip and husband shopping (as she puts it), but at least she's a familiar face. As I near, I make out Angela and her shy smiles. Thank God , I can't help but think. Someone I can actually talk to . And funny enough, Angela Webber is even shyer than me, which is saying something. "Aren't you a sight for sore eyes," I joke as I near her. In her glass is some sort of clear liquid with bubbles. She must be drinking sparkling water. Something you should soon switch to , I warn myself. "Hey Bella. How are you doing? I didn't see you when we first arrived." I turn to my left and see her boyfriend, Ben, speaking with another entry-level lawyer. They started around the same time as me. "Yeah. I was just roaming around . . . mingling." I roll my eyes playfully. I wonder if she can feel my air quotes. "Talking to the head-honcho, I see." She wiggles her eye-brows at my influential hobnobbing. I pretend to raise my chin snottily – as I've seen some of the women doing here, tonight. "Yes, I'm quite important, you know," I say in my best drawling accent. We both quietly giggle, trying not to draw too much attention to our silliness. But as I look up, I take in the sound of the person addressing us; I know we've failed spectacularly. My cheeks instantly become an alarming shade of red, the likes of which I never felt before. It truly feels as if my skin is on fire. Standing before me is the most handsome man I've ever seen. TRULY. "Hello, Angie. You look quite lovely tonight." His voice sounds the like smoothest of silk and my skin reacts accordingly. His jade-green eyes are quite sincere as he takes in my friend, and her pretty evening dress. Unlike me, Angela actually looks quite beautiful – as if she fits in, despite her shyness. "And whom might your friend be?" he asks my dark-haired friend, now looking at me. I can't help but drop my chin in nervousness. This man is too gorgeous and too something for me to handle. His close proximity is doing strange things to my body and heart rate. "This is Bella. Recently hired on. About the time your holiday started, I think," Angela jokes, which goes straight over my head. From the corner of my eyes, I can