Summary: Kenna Potter is invisible. Her family never notices her, her teachers never notice her and her godfather never notices her. If it wasn't for her friends, she would have given up a long time ago. Kenna has finally come to terms with the fact her family doesn't care about her, so what happens when they see her out with her friends and realize how long they have been ignoring her? Will Kenna accept them into her life after they have been absent from it for so long? Or will she return the favor and rebuff their evey attemp to connect with her? A/N: All outfits are on my profile. A/N: Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter world. All rights go to J. and Warner Bros. I only own Kenna Lily Potter. (Pronounced: Ken-nah Lily Potter) Reviews are always appreciated! Also, Fav's and follows are always welcome and appreciated! Rating: M Word Count: 5, 371 Prologue "Breakfast!" I roll over in bed and sigh as I reluctantly get up. "Breakfast kids!" Mom calls from downstairs. I trudge to the bathroom and into the shower. When I get out, I feel refreshed and warm. I slip on a scoop-necked cream colored shirt with wispy sleeves and it is knitted in the back so you can see though to my skin (only about halfway down). The pleats on the scoop neck part highlight my chest. I slip on a pair of dark wash jeans and pull on my All Star converse shoes. They are crafted in a black and white rose print giving a 'vintage' feel with the leather lace guard. And of course, on the heel is the all star patch also on the inner ankle and on the 'tongue' of the shoe. I lace those up and clip my sterling silver golden sun and moon necklace. It is a silver half moon with a golden sun nestled in the moon. I slip my gold and cream stack of bangles on my right wrist and grab my black over-robe. I slip it on and adjust it so the greenish-blue flower on the right can show. I slip my wand (Vine and Cedar with the core of a Thestral hair, 13 inches) in the holster on my left wrist and leave the bathroom. I grab my black messenger bag and head out the door. I trot down the stairs and swing myself around the corner. I swing the door to the kitchen open and am bombarded with noise as chaos greets my eyes. Mom's green eyes are flashing with anger as she scolds Dad, Sirius and Elena (my younger Gryffindor sister, she is 15). It really doesn't help that all three of them are snickering. I glance over and see the cause. Markus (my younger Slytherin brother, he is 14) has gold and red stripes all over his face. Harry (my Gryffindor twin) and Andrea (Drea to her family, she is 12 and in Ravenclaw) and Landon, (the oldest at 18 and is also in Slytherin) are torn between snickering and looking disapproving. I roll my eyes and shake my head, walking to the counter and grabbing a couple pieces of toast. "Come here!" I look up, startled. I am usually invisible to my family. Ever since they revealed to the family when I was 6 that Harry had defeated Voldemort and told me they would treat all of us the same and then promptly forgot I even existed. I frown when I notice that she is only talking to Sirius, who changed into a dog and is trying to creep out of the kitchen. I sigh and eat my toast. My hand tightens on my bag strap as I head out the door. The sad thing? I walked by Mom and Sirius and they didn't even notice me. The Next Day "Breakfast!" I sigh and roll over. Every day. Every damn day it is the same. I get up. I get dressed. I go downstairs. I grab some toast. I am not noticed as I pass by all of them and out of the kitchen. I go to the Weasley's house. I enjoy being noticed. I come home. They forget to save me dinner and I make some food. I go to bed. I fall asleep feeling worthless. Rinse. And repeat. I groan and roll over. "Mreow." I roll back over and smile at my kitten. "Raza, what am I going to do?" I ask the kitten and he paws at my face. I smile at the sheer cuteness of my kitten and pick him up. Raza has short, soft cream fur with darker brown fur on his tail, on his his nose leading between his eyes and on his ears and on three of his tiny paws. He has light blue eyes and I adore him. "Meow." He says and I giggle, burying my nose in his fur. "I know. It's about damn time I got over them, huh?" I whisper, a deep sorrow filling my heart and making me wonder if it will ever go away. He nuzzles under my chin and I sigh as I stroke the tips of my fingers down his back. His rumbling purr shakes his small body and eases the pain in my heart. "It's time." I sigh and hold the kitten up to my face. "It's time for me to move on and accept they don't care and probably never will." I tell him and he blinks his wide blue eyes at me. "Mew." His soft meow comforts me and I bury my face in his fur, blinking back the tears from my deep green eyes. "Okay." I choke out. "Time to be strong." I take a deep, shuddering breath and breathe for a few moments. I open my eyes, set my jaw and get up. I pull on my clothes and grab my bag. I pick up Raza and rush downstairs. I race into the kitchen, grab a piece of toast and back out (bitterly noticing even when I make lots of noise they still don't notice me). I go into the living room and grab a handful of Floo powder, toss it into the fire and shout my destination. "The Burrow!" I jump in, wrapping Raza in my shirt and am whisked away. I fall out of the fireplace and straighten, my gaze racing around the house. "Kenna? You are early! What's wrong?" Ginny asks, noticing my distress and excitement. "What did they do this time?" Disapproval is clear in her voice. She really hates how my family has been ignoring me. "Nothing. Where is Bill?" I ask hurriedly and she frowns. Normally I ask for the twins. "In the back. Wh-" I don't stick around long enough for her to finish her question. I race through the house and burst out the back. Bill is in the air, flying with Charlie, Ron and the Twins. "Bill!" I shout, waving an arm in the air. "Bill!" I call again and he notices me. He flies down and lands in front of me. "Hey, Kenn-" I cut him off. "Yes." I hold my breath and he frowns in confusion. "Yes. I will do it." His face clears and a wide grin breaks out on his face. "Really?" He asks, delighted. I steel myself and nod. "Yes." I answer and he whoops, pulling me into a hug. "What is going on?" Mrs. Weasley asks, coming outside. "She said yes!" Bill shouts. "She agreed!" Mrs. Weasley's mouth falls open and a smile spreads across her face. "Congratulations dear!" She tells me and the others land. "What's happening?" George asks, striding forward, his blue eyes flicking between me and his brother. "Kenna has accepted Bill's proposal." Mrs. Weasley claps her hands happily. "A proposal? Like marriage?" Ron asks and I roll my eyes. "No dufus. Bill asked if I would be interested in an apprenticeship as a Curse Breaker this summer. I agreed." I explain, hoping the twins won't be mad at me for not telling them. Though, to be fair, I wasn't even planning on accepting. "Oh." Ron smiles. "Wicked!" I turn to the twins but they are gone. "They'll be okay." Mrs. Weasley says and I grin. "Thanks Mama Weasley." I turn to Bill. "So, when do we start?" A week later "-and then we are going to finish with a temple in Egypt. Cassie was contacted by a group of wizards there that requested our help in getting into the temple. Four of their Warding experts have been killed by the nasty stuff guarding it." I nod animatedly, almost jumping to match Bill's long steps. We are heading to Diagon alley to buy all of the stuff I will need on this trip. A couple of goblins will even be going with us. "All right, first stop will be Madam Malkin's. She can work on your clothes while we are getting the rest of your stuff." I nod and follow behind Bill as we weave through the crowded Leaky Cauldron. We step out into the alley behind the inn and Bill taps the stones as we head into the Alley. People are rushing around, doing shopping and meeting friends. I make sure to stick close to Bill, inwardly cursing my small size. Hopefully I will have grown by the time we get back this summer. "After you." Bill opens the door and I scurry inside. Thankfully, it isn't as crowded inside as it is outside. "How may I help you, dears?" Madam Malkin asks and Bill steps forward. "We are going to need a full Curse Breaker wardrobe." She nods and gestures me forward. "We just need to get your measurements first, dear." I nod meekly and follow close behind her, sending a helpless look back at Bill. He chuckles and waves, taking a seat by the door. "Now, take a spot up here." I step on to the stool and face her. "Taking an apprenticeship?" She asks conversationally and I nod. "Yes, ma'am." I answer quietly. "Good, so, for your wardrobe, you will be getting light cloth with cooling charms woven in. Will you be requiring any armor or battle robes?" She asks and I look over at Bill. Seeing the helpless look on my face, he sets aside the paper and gets up. "Do I need battle robes?" I ask softly and he nods. "What kind of material do you have?" Bill asks and she perks up. "The only kind we have in now is dragon. Will that do?" She asks and he nods but I speak up. "Um," I bite my lip nervously. "W-what other kinds of material do you use?" I ask. "Well, any kind that can protect against spells and the like. To tell the truth, Basilisk is the best type of skin to use but I haven't used that kind in years. It is much too expensive." She explains and I nod. "W-what if I had B-basilisk skin? C-could you use that?" I ask and they stare at me. "Where in Godric's name would you get basili-" Bill begins, staring at me with wide eyes. "Certainly. In fact, I would recommend using that instead." She answers, cutting him off and I smile. "May I get down?" I ask and she nods. I step down and pull my shrunken trunk out of my pocket. I put it on the ground and press my thumb to the silver plate. It resizes and I open it, tapping the mark for storage. "Basilisk skins." I command clearly and the basilisk sinks appear. I twist to look up at Madam Malkin. "Will this be enough?" I ask and she nods eagerly. "Enough for at least 10 people." She says, her eyes locked on the skins. I frown, there are going to be 6 of us (including the two goblins) coming on the trip. "Can you make 6 dueling robes?" I ask. Bill frowns and shakes his head. "You don't have