Summary: Everybody lies. It's the only truth sometimes. Doesn't matter if it's out there somewhere waiting for the world to find. Or buried deep inside. Everybody lies. - Jason Walker/ Harry Potter has a twin sister cliché. Not a twin bashing story. A/N: All outfits are on my profile. A picture of Harry and Val are on a polyvore account, but there will be a link on my profile under Everybody Lies. A/N: Disclaimer: I don't own the Harry Potter world. All rights go to J. and Warner Bros. I only own Valyn Adar Donelle Potter. (Pronounced: Val-YIN A-dar Don-el (like belle, the 'e' is silent) Potter.) Reviews are always appreciated! Edited by my beta Eliza! Chapter One: The Attack Lily Potter never thought there would be a day where she could look at James Potter without wanting to strangle him. When she first met him on the train, he was every inch the arrogant toe-rag she accused him of being nearly everyday at Hogwarts. Now, when she looks at him, love swells in her heart. It is profound and humbling to know you never truly know anyone until you give them the chance to be themselves. Wearing a wedding dress, looking at the man James Potter has become, she knows she can do this. "I do." Her strong voice rings out into the silent air. She gazes at the man that she has just become married to, and she feels not an ounce of regret. This is the man she loves. There is no doubt, because everything feels right. Feels true. Looking at James Potter, seeing his hazel eyes dance with love and mischief, she feels complete. She feels like her magic is settled and content for the first time in a long time. As she turns and faces the crowd of friends and family, she knows ...this is who she is meant to be. This is her place, by his side. Forever by the man she loves. July 31st, 1980 - St. Mungo's - Emergency Room "Aahhhh!" Lily Potter screams. "Hold her legs!" "Keep her steady!" "Will someone please get this woman a Pain Relief Potion!" "The baby is coming!" "I can see the head!" A few seconds later, a wail cuts the air. The medi-witch rushes forward with a towel, while the doctor examines Lily. "It's a boy!" The medi-witch gently wipes the little boy clean with a towel, as after the first few hours of birth, baby skin is extremely resistant to magic and could harm the baby's magical core. Just as the medi-witch finishes wrapping the baby in a blue blanket and starts to hand him to Lily, the doctor freezes in shock. "Wait! There is another baby in here!" This, of course stirs up a big fuss. The baby is taken out to James Potter with nary a word before the medi-witch rushes back into the room, leaving a confused and ecstatic father in the waiting room. She is greeted with chaos. "Puckle! Get over here!" The poor medi-witch rushed over to him and assisted him with the birth of the unexpected second child. After a few minutes of hard grueling work, the doctor managed to stabilize Lily. He then sighed, motioned for the medi-witches to keep watch over Lily Potter before going out to explain to the now frantic husband James Potter. " What !?" Disbelief lent an entirely new color to James Potter's outrage. The doctor sighed once more and pushed his glasses back up on the bridge of his nose as he prepared to explain it again. "Your wife is having twins. Your first child (here James interrupted to testily inform the man his son's name was to be Harrison "Harry" James Potter) was, for lack of a better term, hiding this other child. The baby is not quite ready to be born yet, and any attempts to force this child to be born has a high chance of resulting in the death of your wife along with your second child. She-" "She?" A now pale James cuts in. "I'm having a daughter?" The man sighs before nodding. James silent hands a sleeping Harry over to an also silent Sirius and Remus and sits down abruptly. Remus, seeing his best friend was not feeling up to questioning the man anymore, stepped in to ask the question they all were thinking. "Will Lily and the child be alright?" James casts his friend a thankful look before looking eagerly at the doctor. "Yes, they both will be fine as long as we don't try to rush the birth. By my estimations, your daughter will be born in a day or two. Now, you may go in and see your wife, but be sure that nothing over-excites her. It could cause her to go into birth before either of them are ready." James, Remus and Sirius all nod frantically before rushing into the hospital room. Their steps slow when they notice Lily laying limply in the hospital bed, the medi-witches bustling around her. "Lil's?" James whispers. She hears him and looks up, green eyes sparkling with love dulled by exhaustion. "I am not dead or dying, James. You don't have to be so quiet." She admonishes. James's face breaks out into a wide grin as he rushes over to her side. "So...you have anything to tell us?" James asks playfully. Lily rolls her eyes with a fond smile. "Yes James, I do have something to tell you. Your unborn daughter and I have been conspiring against you." Sirius lets out an oddly dog-like bark of laughter and Remus shakes his head, laughter in his gleaming amber eyes. James gasps dramatically and grabs his chest. "I knew it!" He points at Lily, an accusing look on his face. He gets up and staggers to the side. Sirius hands Harry to Remus and leaps at James, transforming into Padfoot mid-air. He lands on James and they tussle for a couple of seconds, much to the amusement Lily and Remus, who share fond smiles before watching the pair on the ground. "What on earth is going on here?!" James and Sirius freeze before slowly glancing up at the furious medi-witch. "Uh, nothing?" James weakly smiles. Sirius lets a doggy snort of laughter at James and gets off him. "Why is there a dirty mutt in my hospital?" She asks dangerously. Sirius whines piteously before trotting over to her, his tongue lolling out of his mouth in a charming doggy grin. He rolls over on the ground and paws at the air to get her to pet him. She stares down stonily at him before looking at Remus. Grinning sheepishly he shrugs. "Family pet?" He offers up. She sniffs haughtily before turning on her heel and leaving the room. Sirius transforms and the two Marauders share a laughing grin before helping each other up. "Where's our son?" Lily asks, trying to lift herself in a sitting position. James immediately rushes to her side, only for her to brush off his hands with an exasperated look. "Can I see him or is that also against the rules now?" She snaps at him. James brushes a kiss against her head and she cups his cheek, a fond smile on her lips. Remus steps forward with Harry in his arms and hands him to her. The look on Lily's face as she saw her son for the first time was unforgettable. The absolute love and adoration was...perfect. She snaps out of her daze when a bright light flashes. She rolls her eyes and glares at James, who was lowering a camera from his face. Before she can say anything though, Harry opens his mouth in a tiny yawn and reaches out with one tiny fist. He grabs Lily's pointer finger and sleepily opens his emerald-green eyes. Lily's breath catches in her through as her eyes meet her son's for the first time. He smiles at her, and Lily falls in love. James can't help the swell of emotion in his throat and he pulls her into a hug, their son carefully cradled between them. They pull apart when another white flash lights up the room, before all of them fall to laughter. June 2nd, 1980 - St. Mungo's - Room 7 Lily cradles her children in her arms and marvels at how fast life has changed. When she first married James, it was hard for her to imagine having children. Oh, she could see them running around, being little hell-raisers, but when she was seriously trying to imagine being a mother, it never seemed right. Now, as she has her baby's in her arms, she couldn't imagine it any other way. Night - Saturday, October 31st, 1981 - Potter Home, Godric's Hollow "Harry get back here!" Lily shouts, calling after the naked mud covered little boy. He giggled infectiously before darting into the living room. He falls on his butt and shakes his head before looking up. A wide grin splits his little face. "Pa'foo!" He cheers, raising his chubby little hands, wanting to be picked up. Sirius swoops down and smiles down a the muddy little boy. His black hair is pulled into a ponytail and his grey-blue eyes sparkle as he looks at his godson. "Heya there, prongslet!" Harry giggles and kicks his feet. He leans near his godfather and Sirius notices a mischievous glint in Harry's emerald eyes. "Mama mad." He confides in what he thinks is a whisper but is really a loud voice. "Oh yeah? What happened?" Harry shrugs innocently but it is ruined by a wide grin. "Vawl towd me to woll in de mud wike a pwig. Now I in tw-tw, mama mad." After taking a second to figure out what he was saying, (Val told him to roll in the mud like a pig, now he is in trouble) Sirius grins. "Oh she did, did she." Harry nods seriously. Val or Valyn Adar Donelle Potter, Harry's little twin sister told him to roll in the mud. It really didn't surprise him. Though they were only a year old, Harry and Val were smart. Val seemed to be the trouble-maker though. She would think of something and then get her brother to do it. If he got in trouble, she didn't copy no matter how much she wanted to. If he didn't get into trouble, she was doing it as enthusiastically as possible. They didn't spot the little trend at first but after Remus pointed it out, it seemed so obvious. Remus would joke that Val had gotten all of her mothers brains and Harry had gotten all of his father's gullibility. Remus was Val's honorary godfather. They would have made it official if the Ministry would allow it. So, Val had Severus as her official godfather (and boy did he dote on her) and her unofficial werewolf godfather (or ga'pa as she like to call it) to call her own. The twins were the most spoiled children in the world. Of course, there weren't many that could resist them. Harry with Lily's bright emerald eyes, James unruly ebony hair, Lily's lips and nose. Since they were almost-not-quite-twins, Val was pretty much the same. She had James's hair, only it manifested itself in a different way. Her long ebony hair was long, loose, tangled curls. She had them streaked with green and the tips were purple (Val had gotten her partial Metamorphmagus ability from Sirius after they had a an Heir Adoption ceremony when he thought he was never going to have kids. Her and Harry are next in line after Orion, Sirius and Remus's Blood Adopted son who is a few months older than them.) She changed her hair once when she was a few months old and left it like that. She never really used the ability as at the age of one because she really didn't care about it. She has Lily's eyes though they are a bit darker, more of