** I redid this story a little bit, I didn't like the way it was going so I started back from the beginning. It's part of the reason why I never updated this again. I'll delete the first draft of this shortly, but I didn't just post the same chapter, I redid it to fit the way I want the story to end up. My mother drove me to the airport, the windows rolled down and the 75 degree air mixing in the car. I was wearing a white sleeveless shirt and a pair of light blue shorts. I had a small jacket in my bag for when I got off the plane, some books and my small iPod. I was moving to Forks; a small town in the north part of Washington state. I haven't been there in years, not since I was 13 to be exact. It was the town where my dad (Charlie) lived, I used to spend summers with him, but I haven't in years. I loved Phoenix. I loved the sun and the blistering heat. I loved the vigorous, sprawling city. But Forks is where I needed to be, it was where everyone needed me. "Have a safe flight, call me when you can. And tell your dad I said hi." Renée -a free-spirited young gal who (essentially) threw me to the wolves was now telling me goodbye- said handing me my bag. She didn't want me to ruin her prefect relationship with my 'rebellious teenage youth'. She just got married to a guy almost half her age and she didn't want me around so they could be alone. Gross. She told Charlie that I wanted to come down, that it was my idea to move schools mid-year and start over. Looking back on it; it was the best thing I've ever done. "Thanks mom, I will." She kissed me on the cheek and I walked to the airport, ready as I'll ever be for the four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle, another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles, and then an hour drive back down to Forks. I loved flying, but I was worried about the drive with Charlie. I stopped worrying and put on some music and started reading, no point in stressing out when nothing could be done. After the awkward car ride and the unpacking were done, I had a few hours to kill before I needed to start heading to bed. "Dad, can I go drive around to the beach or something? I want to try out the car before I go to school tomorrow." I had picked up the keys as I spoke. "Sure Bells, but you don't have to ask every time. Just tell me when you're heading out." He smiled up at me and went back to his game he was watching. I thanked him and headed out. The truck started up easy but was very loud, roaring to life at top volume. I don't think the thing when over 45 mph the whole time as I drove to La Push- a tiny Indian reservation a few miles from Forks. After a 25 minute drive I ended up at first beach. The beach was empty. It seemed no one wanted to enjoy this wonderful day of rain at the beach. I shrugged and pulled out my iPod and head phones, putting them on I sat down on a large piece of drift wood and watched the waves and eventually the sun set. I looked at the beautiful shades of red, orange, and blue and I realized that maybe it wouldn't be so bad here. That as long as I could come here to sit and think and watch the beauty of the innocence like this moment, everything would be fine. I made up my mind; at least once a week I'd come down here to think and watch the sunset. After a while I got up and walked to my rusted old red truck, taking another 25 minutes to get back to my new house next to the forest. When I got in I noticed Charlie was asleep in his arm chair with the end credits of a movie on. I laughed slightly and turned off the TV, I wasn't sure if I should wake him or not; so I got him out a blanket before heading upstairs. After taking a lukewarm shower I got into bed, putting on sweats and a long sleeve before I went. The room was dark; the only light coming from the moon shining through my window, but that was only a dull yellow color that didn't reach half way to my bed. As the night went on I found it harder and harder to sleep; but with every second I grew more tired than before. The drizzling of the rain wasn't something I was used to, but something even more seemed off. I rolled my eyes at myself, nothing is out there; nothing is going to do anything to me. I checked my electric alarm clock on the side of my bed; 5:43 Tuesday January 18 th . It had seemed I wouldn't sleep tonight. I sighed and got up; my back was relived with the sudden lack of weight on it. I slowly got ready for school. Putting paper and pens in my seemly weightless navy blue backpack, only putting paper in so wouldn't be totally unprepared. Then I pulled out my outfit; a plain gray long sleeved shirt, a red flannel and dark blue jeans. I chuckled as I thought about how different I must look from yesterday. I let my long brown hair stay wavy and just put a beanie on it. Satisfied with how I look I went down stairs to get something to eat. Looking around I noticed how little food Charlie had here. I'll have to go shopping soon- real soon. School didn't start for another hour so I grabbed a jacket and went off to find the nearest drug store to pick up a few things. I quickly found a 7/11 and got a monster and a banana before driving the other way to school. Forks High; a school with 127 -now 128- students attending. I found the front office building and parked in front of that. Stopping my car quickly in hopes to draw less attention to myself I hopped out; the chilly air nipped at the skin that wasn't coved. When I walked in I noticed the three chairs behind the counter, one of which held up a large, red-haired woman wearing glasses. She had a light yellow t-shirt, which immediately made me feel over-dressed. The red-haired woman looked up. "Can I help you?" "I'm Isabella Swan," I informed her, and saw the immediate awareness light her eyes as it suddenly hit me, I would be top gossip in this small town. ' The famous Chief Swan's daughter comes home after his evil ex-wife took her as a baby.' Great, just what I wanted. "Of course," her voice was bright and cheery. She dug through a precariously stacked pile of documents on her desk till she found the ones she was looking for. "I have your schedule right here, and here's a map of the school." And continued to circle my classes and marked the fastest ways to get there. By the time she was done the first bell rang for me to leave. "I hoped you like it here Miss. Swan." She smiled up at me, her blue eyes shining and a hint of a dimple stuck out. I smiled politely back and went to search for my first class, 11th grade AP English with Mr. Mason; which was across campus. Once I got around the cafeteria, the building was easy to spot. A large black "3" was painted on a white square on the east corner. I felt my breathing gradually creeping toward hyperventilation as I approached the door as I followed other students in. Inside the small classroom I handed the teacher the slip for him to sign, then headed in the back in hopes no one would stare. But of course, they did. When the bell rang, a gangly boy with skin problems and black hair leaned across the aisle to talk to me. "You're Isabella Swan, aren't you?" He looked like the overly helpful, chess club type. "Bella," I corrected. Everyone within a three-seat radius turned to look at me. "Where's your next class?" he asked. I had to check in my bag. "AP Government with Jefferson, in building six." There was nowhere to look without meeting curious eyes. "I'm headed toward building four; I could show you the way…" he was definitely over-helpful. "I'm Eric," he added as he put out his hand for a hand shake. I smiled tentatively and shook his hand. "Thanks." As the day went on more and more people came up to me, mostly either horny guys that were wanting some of the "new meat" or jealous girls looking for a reason to hate me. Everyone stared as I opened the doors to the cafeteria; the feeling of being watched didn't stop as I got my food. It was like I was an animal in a cage; everyone was looking in at the new addition. The guy from English- Eric I think his name was- waved me down to sit with him and his friends. "Bella, this is Mike," pointing to a dark haired boy "Angela," a frizzy haired girl that I recognized from my Spanish class "Jessica and Lauran." Two girls that could pass as sisters (even with non- matching hair colors) waved back. "Tyler should be here soon, I haven't seen him today so he might not be here." He tried to explain, thought I had no idea who he was. "Bella is it? I think I have you in my 2nd period." Jessica's snarky voice brought my attention to her. "Uhh maybe? Sorry, I don't know, I didn't notice." It was there, sitting in the lunchroom, trying to make conversation with five strangers, that I first saw them. They were sitting in the corner of the cafeteria, as far away from where I sat as possible in the long room. There were five of them. They weren't talking, and they weren't eating, though they each had a tray of untouched food in front of them. They weren't watching at me, unlike most of the other students, so it was safe to stare at them without fear of meeting an excessively interested pair of eyes. But it was none of these things that caught, and held, my attention. They looked like human sized crystals. The shortest one was the first to look up, I could see the honey gold even from across the room. She didn't look directly at me, but even her eyes directed in my area made the hair on my neck stand up. I felt like she was talking to the others, though I couldn't see or hear anything. They all seemed too perfect, too pale even in this sunless town to be human. "Who are they?" I spoke up; interrupting the conversation I wasn't paying attention to. As though my voice was law they all looked up to see what I was looking at. "That's Edward and Emmett Cullen, and Rosalie and Jasper Hale. The one who left was Alice Cullen; they all live together with Dr. Cullen and his wife." Lauran answered, knowing who I was talking about. "They are… nice looking?" "Oh my yes!" Jessica agreed with giggle. "They're all together though- Emmett and Rosalie, and Jasper and Alice, I mean. And they live together with Dr. and Mrs. Cullen." Her voice held all the shock and condemnation of the small town. But, if I was being honest, I had to admit that even in Phoenix, it would cause gossip. "They're not related though." Mike piped in. "They are like