1. Gently as She Goes - Beowulf "Eyes, blue as the sea and the skies..." Legolas hummed softly along to the melancholy tune, rocking ever so slightly in time with the beat as he gazed out the window. " This song is much like the one my naneth sang for me when i was small. " He said softly, his mind in the past. Gimli blinked and looked up at the elf, "what did you say? Speak words we can all understand!" Aragorn sighed shaking his head, "Gimli he is not with us at the moment but in the past." He said, ignoring the dwarf's reply of 'when isn't he?' He continued, 'this song is like the one his naneth sung for him when he was still in his swaddling clothes." Nudging Legolas slightly to draw him from his reverie. Eomer looked up from his place across from the elf who sat next to Aragorn. "Maybe she should have sung it 'gently as he goes' since the description still matches him very well." Gimli chuckled, "aye lad it does." Aragorn grinned as Legolas gave the ranger, dwarf and the horse lord quizzical looks. "What, were you talking about?" 2. Wind Beneath My Wings- Anne Lenox "You were content to let me shine, that's your way, you always walked a step behind.." Aragorn grinned clapping another soldier on the shoulder, as the man thanked the Dunedin for everything. "Nay, this victory does not belong to me solely but to all of us." The soldier protested, "but without you we would have perished during the beginning of the battle, you fought so bravely we could not help but gain hope, my king." Legolas from his place in the shadowed doorway, happy to have seen this night and his human comrades through the night, though exhausted he readied himself for his work that night, so his mortal friends may rest. Aragorn blinked as he noticed a shadow in the doorway. "Legolas! Come and join us in the dining hall for the celebration!' Legolas forced his smile as he walked over to the king and queen. "I will join you once I have finished seeing to some things." The elf gracefully swept from the room, taking Aragorn's weapons from the chair the man had tossed them into, as he went. Aragorn frowned, 'what is he doing with my weapons?' "I'll be there in just a moment." he said to his wife softly as he silently followed the elf down the corridors to his room. His wife giving him a knowing smile as he went. Legolas sighed softly, stretching stiff limbs as he cleaned and put away Aragorn's weapons, before going down to the healing wards to see over the men, not noticing the king trailing behind him. Both human and elf were surprised when Legolas suddenly turned around and bumped right into the human's chest. "Oomph! Aragorn? What are you doing here?" Aragorn placed his hands on the elf's shoulders looking at him quizzically, "I believe that is my question for you melon nin, why are you not celebrating our victory? Legolas smiled softly at his friend, "you have been so tired and weary of late, that I thought I should see to some things so you may rest and have time with your men and you family. I mean no offence I am just trying to help where I can gwador nin." The king looked at his friend, all the little coincidences and things he thought others to have dealt with for him coming together. The blanket over his shoulders when he fell asleep at his desk, the children being looked after when Arwen was with child and he too busy with the kingdom to see to them all day, his armour and weapons being polished to a shine when they had seen action, his paperwork filled out and only needing his signature on stressful days, everything he blew off as he had forgotten he had done it, or a servant did it. 'That foolish elf' he thought gazing at his friend. 'Ever since i was small you have taken it upon yourself to help me, and you're still doing it.' "It was all you." Legolas tilted his head slightly, "what was me?" Aragorn smiled and hugged his friend, "I apologise for saying this so late. But thank you...for everything gwador nin." 3. Over the Rainbow - Glee version (sad i know :/ hold tight guys this one's reeaally long) "Somewhere over the rainbow, skies are blue..." The rain had been relentless, three days and nights nonstop. The hobbits sat away from the entrance of the cave the group had taken shelter in, clustered together cold and miserable near the fire, peppering their companions with questions. Boromir and Gimli sat together next to the hobbits answering them with waning patience, while Aragorn and Gandalf smoked their pipes quietly listening. On guard, Legolas sat as near to the entrance as he dared scanning what little his elven eyes could see in such weather. Finding nothing he sighed softly and shifted to the other side of the entrance. "That's the fourth time he's done that." Merry said nodding towards the elf as he pulled out his bed roll. Boromir looked around the group confused, "who?" "In an hour no less," Pippin chimed in setting his bed roll between Merry's and Sam's. Gimli looked as confused as Boromir, neither knowing what the hobbits had suddenly discovered. "What?" "Legolas," Sam said filling the man and the dwarf in, as he setting out Frodo's bedroll closest to the fire. "Aragorn what's wrong with him?" Frodo asked worriedly. Getting into the bedroll with a small 'thank you' to Sam. Aragorn chuckled softly as he looked over his friend, the wood elf's agitation at being stuck inside for three days clearly evident to him, but then again he and the elf had been friends for a very long time. Gandalf smiled softly, "nothing to worry about my dear Frodo, Legolas is a young elf, at that age they all seem to have itchy feet." "Itchy feet?" Sam said dubiously, "what do you mean he has itchy feet, is it his shoes?" Aragorn heard Legolas's soft snort of amusement and laughed, "Nay, tis an old Dunedin saying, it means that one cannot stay in one place long. I do believe three days stuck inside has made him restless." "You mean he'd go outside in weather like this?" Merry said surprised. "Yes I would," Legolas said amusement sparkling in his eyes at the startled look on his companions faces. "Elves do not get sick or are even affected by the cold." He said as he came back to the fire, sitting next to Aragorn eyeing the hobbits good-naturedly, "anything else you'd like to know about elves while we are on this topic?" "Can you all really sing as well as the legends say?" pippin blurted out only to be elbowed by merry. "Pip!" "Yes, little one." Legolas laughed softly, "Yes, the elves all carry the gift of song with them." "Can you sing for us?" Frodo said timidly, looking up at Legolas, to be greeted by the elf's warm smile. "Of course, little one, what would you like me to sing of?" Legolas asked. "Sunshine naturally." Aragorn chimed in with agreeing murmurs from the rest of the fellowship. "And rainbows!" One of the hobbits added eagerly. "Naturally," Legolas said rolling his eyes at the ranger, "you just want me to distract them so they stop pestering you with questions do you not?" Aragorn grinned at his friend, "I'm afraid you've caught me melon nin." He said causing Gandalf to laugh. Legolas thought for a moment before giving them all a bright smile, "I have just the song." 4. Hero - Nickelback "They say that a hero could save us, but I'm not gonna stand here and wait." "It is hopeless they have ten thousand soldiers!" Théoden said dismissively. "It would take a hero of legend or a miracle for us to be saved now!" Legolas turned away from the wall. "The heroes of legend were ordinary warriors who did extraordinary things; they did not despair over their chance of survival, but fought for what they believed in and their kin. I am no hero but I will fight till my last dying breath this night to give men a chance." 5. Lean on Me – Bill Withers "Lean on me when you're not strong and I'll be your friend. I'll help you carry on..." Legolas stood silently watching the horse lord stare out over the Pelanor fields. The elf silently moved to the man's side leaning against the railing of the balcony. "Must you follow me?" Eomer grumbled, "I would like to be alone." "I am here to lend a friend my strength and faith to make it through these dire hours." The elf said turning his face to look at the stars, as Eomer huffed softly in annoyance. "The stars shine brightly tonight, tis a good sign for tomorrow." The elf said softly. Eomer chuckled humorously, "is that supposed to reassure me, Legolas? My sister will most likely be dead by the morn, as i am told." The man looked up at the stars he could barely see through the clouds. "Aragorn is not that poor a healer." Legolas said trying to lighten the man's mood. "Eowyn is strong, a shield maiden of Rohan, she will not be claimed by the shadow, and neither will you." The elf said in a suddenly serious tone as he gazed at the stars. "The taint of Mordor cannot block the stars light; it shows us that hope still remains." "How, how can you be so certain?" Eomer turned to face the glowing elf. Legolas gave Eomer a soft smile, "I have seen it." He said in a gentle tone, as he placed his hand on top of Eomer's that rested on the railing, giving it a gentle squeeze before he left. Eomer stared after the elf, not knowing if what the elf had said was true, but felt much stronger and ready to face whatever obstacle stood before him. 6. Let it be - The Beatles " I listen to the sound of music, Mother Mary comes to me, speaking words of wisdom, i want you to let it be..." "But Legolas they are too far behind us!" The boy yelled trying to see signs of the guard elves that had ridden to Rivendell with the Mirkwood prince. "I cannot see them!" "Estel, it is too late. The orcs have over taken them; we must get you back to Rivendell before the poison sets in. That herb I gave you only slows the poisons progress." The elf held the squirming child tighter as he ushered his horse in to a faster gallop whispering words of encouragement as Estel drifted to sleep lulled by his friend's soft words. Estel awoke to his father's smiling face. "You had us worried little one, I am glad you are awake." Elrond said softly stroking his adopted sons head. "Legolas will be relieved; he feared he would have to bury another friend this fortnight." "You mean those elves that were with him?" the boy asked sitting up groggily. "Yes, ion nin," the elf lord said gently pushing his son back down. "Now rest little one." "Yes ada," he mumbled as Elrond left his room. Late in the night Estel woke to soft singing, the voice he could barely recognise as his friends, it was so changed by grief. Creeping from his bed he silently made his way to Legolas's room. "Legolas?" the small human asked as he moved to his friend side overlooking Rivendell. The elf paused in his singing turning to Estel. "Estel what are you doing out of bed?" he asked softly scooping the little boy into his arms, carrying him back to the healing ward. "I heard you singing, it was so sad." "It was a