Disclaimer: I don't own PJO. Trust me, you don't want me to. "Hey Jackson, come over here," Jason beckoned. It was a nice, sunny day at Camp Half-Blood, and Jason was standing outside the Zeus cabin. Percy noticed that there was something weird going on but he went over anyway. "What's up? Why are you dressed for a war game and why is your spear drawn?" Percy asked. Jason had a dangerous glint in his eyes. "Well you see Percy, I saw you holding hands with Annabeth yesterday. Don't you remember the pact?" Instantly a chill crept down Percy's spine. The boys had lost to the girls in a game of Capture the Flag and they had sworn abstinence for a week. It was a very serious oath with death as the penalty for breaking it. Percy had just been helping Annabeth after she had fallen down, but apparently these guys were forming their own theories. "It wasn't like it seems," Percy muttered. Jason was in full battle armor, but soon more people crept out from all around him. They were all muttering death chants. "How shall we punish the heretic?" Jason asked. Pretty much every single male demigod in existence had gathered around them. They had all felt the pain of being alone for a week and couldn't stand that Percy had gone and broken a sacred oath. They all started pouring in ideas. "Death by guillotine." "Death by spontaneous human combustion." "Death by bad publicity." Percy burst into a cold sweat. These guys weren't kidding. "No, no, no," Jason said. "We can't just do that." Percy breathed out of relief. Surely Jason, who had been in so many life and death situations with him wouldn't be so cruel. "Percy can't die so easily," Jason said. "Those punishments are far too lenient. We have to give him the worst- death by Apollo's poetry ." "YOU GUYS ARE INHUMAN!" Percy shouted as everyone agreed. He quickly ran away, there was no way that he could take on all of these people at once. His first reaction was, of course, to go for the lake. Unfortunately though, it seemed that his enemies had anticipated that and had set up a perimeter around the lake. There wasn't any way through, Percy noticed. He fumed and noticed that it was unusually hot all around him. He couldn't feel the water around him anywhere, and the sun was beating down on him like a hammer. Clearly they had been forming this whole plan since last night. Percy couldn't risk going to the Poseidon cabin. He had to go to safety. "Get him!" some people dressed in armor and armed to the teeth shouted behind him. Percy concentrated all he could and sent water hidden deep underground at them. They all screamed and collapsed to the ground. "That's what you get for envying other people's happiness!" Percy shouted. Though he had tried to sound cool, that trick had really cost him. It was just too hot… Percy did his best to sneak around the guards placed everywhere and entered the Aphrodite cabin. He figured that nobody would bother to look for him in there, and he was sure that they would have something to beat the heat inside. As he was applying moisturizer all over himself, someone walked in. It was a pretty cute Aphrodite girl wearing the Camp Half-Blood t-shirt. "Um, are you Percy Jackson?" Percy considered things. She didn't look dangerous, but he couldn't have her telling the others that he was here. He still decided to go for it, but he kept his hand on Riptide just in case. "Yes." "Oh wow. You see, there's been something that I've always wanted to tell you. You see, I, I, kind of heard all about you and thought that you know, you might want to go out sometime?" "Um, that's nice, but I'm sort of already into somebody." Percy realized that this girl was probably new to camp. "Really? Who?" the girl asked. "Well, the thing is, that person's name is…" Percy began. He still wasn't entirely comfortable spouting his secrets to a complete stranger. He then saw someone outside the window. "JASON!" he shouted. He looked outside and saw that the Praetor was surrounded by guards. Percy wanted to decapitate him, but he couldn't fight all of them at once. "So, really? That's who you like?" "Um, yeah," Percy muttered, not even noticing what the girl was asking him. "Listen, I like need to hide from some people for now." "Okay," the girl said. "You can just sleep beneath one of the bunks. I have to tell everyone about this new development…" The last sentence sounded pretty ominous, but Percy was too tired to care. After all, he had expanded a lot of energy running away and he had spent all night watching Finding Nemo in 3D instead of doing his Greek homework. The moment he thought about his homework, he drifted off pretty quickly. Percy's dreams were filled with happy thoughts about stabbing that traitor Jason. He woke up when he noticed that someone was in the Cabin. He assumed it was just another bubble headed Aphrodite kid and not a threat and so he got out and saw that it was Frank. "PERCY! Die!" Frank shouted. Clearly everyone had thought that Frank was useless and stationed him here, Percy thought. Unfortunately, Frank already had grabbed one of his arrows. Percy wouldn't have enough time to grab Riptide so he grabbed the nearest weapon on the table: a nail clipper. Great, what am I supposed to do with this? Percy thought. Maybe he should have sought refuge in the Ares cabin instead. Five minutes later, Percy was running out of the Aphrodite cabin. Frank was on the floor and was sobbing with pain, which Percy found weird since all he had done was clip his nails. "Kill the heretic!" a shout came from somewhere. Percy ran. It was still hot outside, and he wondered how long these guys were going to keep this up. They were armed with spears and swords and… books filled with Apollo's poetry. Percy ran faster when he saw them. The lake was still cut off from him, so he thought about the Big House. He could probably execute a jump from there into the lake. He at once headed towards it. On the way however, he bumped into Jason. Something was weird about him. He wasn't wearing his usual Praetor symbols, and he looked like he was running away from something dangerous. Not that Percy cared. Percy uncapped Riptide and advanced slowly towards Jason before he noticed that there was a flock of doves running after him. Jason glared at Percy but ran with a look that clearly said that he didn't have time to deal with him. Percy looked at the things that were following him and saw that Lady Aphrodite seemed to be leading them. She saw Percy. "Oh, my dear, I support all forms of love. Even those of the kind you've chosen. But unfortunately you've broken my daughter's heart, and for this you must pay," she said. Percy didn't get what she was saying but he did get that he was in trouble and began running after Jason. "Jason! You moron, you are so going to die!" Percy said. Jason glared at him. "You're the one who should rot in Tartarus. Do you know the kinds of things they've been saying about me? Did you really go and tell a girl from the Aphrodite cabin that we are-" he was interrupted by Lady Aphrodite's wail. "Oh, you two are running away together from danger. I hate to be the villain in love, I really do, but I just can't forgive you breaking up with my children like this." Percy was getting very, very confused but figured that he had to survive the doves first and then he could ask questions later. Aphrodite was flinging some sort of heavy and ugly-looking doves at them that would have made the Ugly Duckling look nice. Percy liked the tale of the Ugly Duckling; it had always been one of his favorites. But this wasn't a time to think about that. "Does she have some sort of unlimited ammo cheat?" Percy asked and Aphrodite swung a bird at them which must have been the thousandth one. Just then Percy got an idea. "Lady Aphrodite! Your makeup is on wrong," Percy said. It was a desperate plea but it worked and Aphrodite stopped sprinting after them and immediately checked herself in the mirror to make sure that she was ab-SO-lutely fabulous. Percy and Jason hid behind the Demeter Cabin. The coast seemed to be clear for now. The moment he caught his breath Percy tried to punch Jason. Jason dodged and cuffed Percy on the shoulder. "Idiot! Seaweed brain! Guys, come on! We're behind the Demeter Cabin!" Jason said. Percy glared at him. He was calling for more troops. It was a smart idea, but Jason wasn't the only one with brains. Percy took something out of his pocket and before Jason knew it he was handcuffed to Percy. Percy had found those handcuffs beneath Pipers' bed in a box that said 'For Emergencies'. They would completely bind two people together, and both would share something kind of like an empathy link. Percy was worried as to why Piper would keep something like that with her, but he had bigger problems. "What did you just do?" "If I die, we both die," Percy said calmly. They heard voices from in front of the cabin and both tried to run in opposite directions, but of course the handcuffs didn't break that easily. "Follow me!" both of them yelled at the same time. "No, you do what I do!" they screamed simultaneously. Just then, people filed in from both sides. They were surrounded. "Kill the heretic," they all chanted. "Look guys," Jason said, "I'm chained to Percy so if you want to kill him you'll end up killing me too. Let's just wait for a moment." All of the people around them paused. They then said, "Brother Jason must be sacrificed for the greater good. Kill them both." Percy and Jason ran as fast as they could, but they were really slowed down due to the handcuffs as they repeatedly ran in opposite directions. They finally managed to make their way to the front of the Athena cabin. There, Piper and Annabeth were both holding hands and looked like they had been crying. Then they saw Percy and Jason handcuffed together and burst into tears "So, it's true…" Annabeth sobbed. "What's true?" Percy asked. Jason glared at him and said, "Didn't you tell an Aphrodite girl that we are- that we are, a couple?" Just then everything that Percy had said registered to him and a lead brick slid into his stomach. "GODS NO! Why, Annabeth, really, it's not what you think, we're not, you know, what you're thinking." Annabeth looked hopeful. "Really Percy, I always believed that you wouldn't betray me like that." "Me too." Piper chimed in. "Then why are both holding medieval torture devices in your hands?" Percy asked. "I thought you said that he would be too stupid to notice," Piper said to Annabeth. "I thought so," Annabeth said. "So just use your Charmspeak and draw them in so we can teach them a lesson." Percy and Jason stuffed their fingers into their ears and made a beeline for any sort of exit they could find. Of course, at that time, Aphrodite just had to pop up out of nowhere. She also seemed to be in tears at seeing them handcuffed together, but also murmured that they had to die no matter what the strength of their love. On a bright note though, one of her doves managed to break the handcuffs so Jason and Percy could finally go their own ways. Percy still couldn't enter