Author note: so this is my first fanfiction so please bare with me. Any reviews are wanted good or bad. On a side note the story is a fem-slash although that will develop later in the story. So I started this story a while back and was rereading it and noticed some mayjor errors so I reedited. It doesn't have any mayjor changes but if you are someone who likes to know the little details I would reread it. I'll probably finish editing the chapters before wrting a new one. Please tell me if you notice any grammar errors or flaws in the story. Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns twilight. I only own the characters I created. The sun blinded me as I scooped up the cactus and put it in the flower-pot. I looked out into the desert. This would be the only piece of Arizona I would have left. The place wasn't much I'll admit that, but I would still miss it. "Bella dear are you coming?"my mom called out to me. "Coming mom,"I shouted back. I walked to the house taking my time. I mean don't get me wrong I was glad I would be living my father Charlie...but I still felt like a burden being passed on to another. I climbed into the gold Honda my mom loved so much. "You know one day Bella dear Stefano will be yours," My mom said it proudly leaning over and patting the steering wheel as if soothing it then doing the same to my shoulder. I smiled softly looking at her. "Maybe one day when I pry the keys from your cold dead hands." she laughed,"Yes maybe one day, but for now put him into drive. Today you learn to tame the road!" "Yes the day is today," I exclaimed back. But not with nearly as much excitement as her. "Now Bella...Bella...BELLA!" "Huh? Oh sorry mom what were you saying?" "That you don't have to do this you know. It's not too late to say you don't want to go," my mom studied the road as if hoping the answer would be there. " I know mom I… want to do this… I don't see Charlie nearly enough anyway," I attempted a reassuring smile to match my words but just like my words came out forced and untruthful. I never was a good liar. My mom looked at me and sighed. "You always were like Charlie," she smiled and looked back to the road. We were coming up to the airport and I knew it was now or never to say something and for a moment I almost changed my mind...Almost. When we got there I had just enough time to go through the process before they called my flight. Me and my mother stood at the entrance of turmoil. I hugged Renée one last time before grabbing my carry on bag and starting towards my new life and for a moment the same thought came back to turn around and tell Renée I changed my mind. "Bella dear call me as soon as you land. Oh and email me when you get to Charlie's place,"she sounded pained. I spared I glance back she was still crying but now it was just steady streams down her face. I smiled the best reassuring smile I could and said,"Of course mom. I love you bye." Then I turned and stepped on the plane. I took my seat and then it hit me… And it hit me hard. I wouldn't see my mom everyday. I wouldn't hear her sing through the house. I...wouldn't stay up late eating junk food and hearing her gossip about the other girls in whatever hobby she was doing for the moment. My chest twisted painfully I turned looking out the window of the plane. Next thing I know a flight attendant was waking me up. She was an older woman and looked like she felt bad for waking me. "I'm sorry to wake you but the flight is over," she smiled kindly. I nodded and mumbled a thank you. She nodded and walked away. After grabbing my luggage I walked out seeing Charlie leaning against his cruiser. He hurried towards me grabbing the heavy-looking bags from me and putting them in the trunk. "It's...good to see you Bella,"he said hugging me awkwardly. "It's good to see you too, Charlie" He nodded and jogged around the cruiser opening the door for me. I blushed and thanked him. He nodded and blushed as well. He started the car and began to drive down the endless road. "You. Uh. Look nice," he said awkwardly. "Thanks." "I have a surprise for you when we get home." He seemed honestly excited and I couldn't help but smile. "Can't wait to see what it is." I came running down the stairs my mom was sitting at the table sipping her coffee. "Mommy,mommy guess what day it is! Guess what day! Guess!" She chuckled "Could it be your birthday?" She picked me up and spun me around the room. We laughed and she put me down. When we were done giggling she walked to the hall closet and reached for a box perfectly wrapped with a red bow. She handed it to me and said with a dazzling grin,"Here open this." My eyes lit up I ripped the bow off and clawed through the paper. I stood for a minute looking at the box it was black wooden with carvings all over it. I opened it and all the art supplies you could imagine we're in it. "Thank you,thank you,mommy. It's so pretty I love it." I looked up at her and set the box down and hugged her. "Bella?"Charlie questioned. "Sorry I was...Just thinking of school," I said softly. He nodded,"Uh speaking of school you're gonna start monday..Is that ok?" I nodded,"Ya." He pulled into the driveway. The house looked the same from when him and Renée first moved in. It was still bright yellow with white shutter. The only difference is it was in dire need of a new coat and power wash. We walked into the house and that too was the same. Charlie took my bags and walked up stairs. I walked into my room and looked around, it looked the same from when I was a baby. The only difference was I had a bigger bed "Uh I hope you don't mind, but I uh got you a new bed and bed set...The sales woman helped pick them out...I hope you like purple..." "Purples nice… I like it…" He nodded,"Well uh I'll leave you to it...I'm gonna go order pizza is that ok with you?" I nodded and began to unpack as he left shutting the door softly behind him. That was the best thing about Charlie...He didn't hover. After unpacking (there wasn't much since I needed a new wardrobe) I heard Charlie calling me from downstairs. Walking down I tripped on the last step. Charlie caught me and I straightened up quickly. "Careful Bella wouldn't want to end in the ER your first night here," he chuckled. I laughed,"Ya." He walked outside and I followed the first thing I saw was a Red 1953 Chevy pickup truck with a light russet skin girl with long black hair in a ponytail. She was tall and lanky. Her face had just a touch of roundness with a wide grin. She was walking around the truck to let...Well more like help an older man out who looked to be around Charlie's age with deep-set wrinkles and dark russet skin. The girl pulled a wheelchair out of the back for the man the man waved and smiled. Charlie waved back and called out in a teasing tone,"How are you old man?" The man chuckled."Better then you if you keep up those jokes," he jokingly threatened. Charlie laughed," Bella this is Billy and his daughter Jadelynn...And that's your new truck." As I approached the truck Charlie and Billy immediately started to play fight. I rolled my eyes gratitude filled me and I knew I would have to repay Charlie somehow. Walking up to Jadelynn I knew the name sounded familiar I just couldn't remember.i ran my fingers over a particularly rusty part and rubbed my fingers together in thought watching as the rust praticles fell from my fingers. It took a minute, but it soon clicked. "You're Ryan and Rachel's little sister." During summers I would come visit Charlie and go down to La Push to play with them and Jadelynn would always try to tag along. She smiled and nodded. "You look different," I said looking her up and down she had definitely grown from when we were younger. She chuckled,"Yeah, I must look pretty different without mud all over," she laughed. When we were trying to keep Jadelynn from coming we would throw mud. "So how do you like your truck?" she asked honestly. "Its perfect and better than riding to school in Charlie's cruiser." "True," she replied. Charlie and Billy walked up to us laughing and smiling. " Y'all gonna stay? We ordered pizza." "Maybe another time Jay here wants to work on her car 'bout as much as she wanted to see Bella." Jadelynn blushed and I smiled softly. "Oh you're exaggerating dad." she jokingly punching his bicep. "You have a car?" I questioned. "Yeah, it's a Volkswagen Rabbit," she said it with the same pride a parent has bragging about their newborn. "Well we better get going."Billy said while stretching. "I'll give you a ride," Charlie said walking to get his keys. "It was nice seeing you." Jadelynn nodded,"Yeah, maybe we could hang out sometime?" She says as she helps her dad in the front seat. I nodded as Charlie walked towards the cruiser."Yeah, I would love to see your bunny mobile sometime." She chuckled walking to the back of the cruiser to put her dad's wheel chair in the trunk and waved good bye as she plopped in to the backseat and shutting the door. "I'll back in a minute. The money for the pizza man is by the door." I nodded and waved goodbye as they drove off. I turned and walked in the house and picked up my favorite book The Phantom of the Opera. Before I knew it the pizza boy was here I gave him the money and walked back in. I walked upstairs with my pizza and ate. When I was down I curled up under the covers and slept. OnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnO I woke up and walked downstairs. It was Saturday and Charlie was already at work. On the dining room table was a note reading: Hey Bella, sorry I couldn't be here when you woke up. I left you a debit card with $2,000 on it I've been saving it for when something like this popped up. So, have fun and go shopping for whatever you need. Also I left another card for you to go food shopping with if you want to. Love, Charlie I picked the cards up. I knew Charlie wasn't poor, but this seemed like too much...First the truck now this? I walked up the stairs and showered and dressed. Afterwards I walked downstairs and looked for something to eat. After finding tons of to go boxes ad leftover pizza shoved into one greasy decomposing box. I figured I should probably grab something in port Angeles. I also didn't feel as bad about having two different cards now and decided to get some cleaning supplies too. After making sure I had everything I grabbed my keys and headed towards Port Angeles. OnOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnOOnOnOnOnOnOnO I got home around 6 and Charlie still wasn't home. I walked upstairs and ordered take out and began unpacking my new items. After clothes shopping I had eaten lunch there and shopped for some stuff for school tomorrow. After clothes shopping I stopped by Wal-Mart and picked up some cleaning supplies as well. I refused