Disclaimer: I do not own anything about the Hunger Games. I'm only doing this for entertainment for me and hopefully others! :) Even before her breath tickles the side of my neck, I feel my mattress sag from an unbalanced exertion of weight. "Wake up sleepyhead," she croons sweetly in my ear, nudging me gently to cut my body free from all ties of sleep. But when I refuse to move from my snug fetal position, her warm body slowly gravitates towards mine. I suppress a smug smile when her firm breasts press up against my face, wondering how my body temperature could climb so suddenly as my body is taken over by an explosive tingling sensation. I'm deciding whether I should still pretend to be sleeping or just given into my body's desires and reach up to kiss her when I feel something warm and wet on my cheek. I instantly recoil with disgust. The girl laughs. My eyes instantly snap open at the sound of her voice, but it's impossible to see clearly as my pupils dilate painfully to absorb the sunny interior of the bedroom. Once the bright white dots swimming in my vision have all dispersed, I can finally process my surroundings, including my overnight guest sitting at the foot of my bed. She's sticking her tongue out at me teasingly, like a small child taunting me with an expensive new coat. Her wavy dark brown hair is a frizzy mess, several strands plastered to her sweaty forehead. But the foot she runs up my bare calf is icy cold. "Cyanna, put some socks on," I complain, burrowing my face into my pillow. "Why?" Cyanna teases. "Are you afraid of my cold feet?" "Ha ha," I mutter sarcastically. Although my eyes are closed, I mentally make an act of rolling them. This mockery of our no-strings-attached sexual relationship is a routine we've executed every day since we were fifteen. Although she makes me feel things that no other girl has or ever will when we're together intimately, Cyanna and I have remained nothing more than friends for the past three years. In fact, we've been best friends since we first met at six years old on our first day of school. Our friendship began as forced, at first because we had no other choice. Both of our families were considered to have "undesirable bloodlines", so we we are shunned by the members who uphold District 9's ridiculous chaste system. No matter our determination or skill, we have always been the lower rungs of the social ladder and live under most everyone's noses. Because no one talked to us, we soon began seeking each other out for answers. Unfortunately, as people, our personalities fell on opposite ends of the spectrum; we could hardly engage in a civil conversation without screaming and throwing sharp objects at each other for twenty minutes beforehand. But eventually we filled the gaps left by our differences with an irrevocable bond that had squished our mismatched hearts into one unit that beats stronger now because of it. Cyanna is peering down at me curiously. And I think to myself I love the color of her eyes, and if I had to pick my favorite color, I'd pick the azure blue of Cyanna's irises. "What are you thinking, Daniel?" she asks carefully. I realize more time has elapsed since I last spoke than I originally thought. It's a good thing extended periods of silence and blank stares don't disturb Cyanna, because I have a tendency to drift in and out of my head. I smile up at her. "Just that you're beautiful," I tell her seductively, although the honest undertones in my voice are nothing less than subtle. I can feel her smile against my lips as she kisses me. She pulls back from me after a minute, scrutinizing me with a certain softness in her features. I'm returning the stare and extending my arm automatically to cradle her cheek in my hand. For once she doesn't pull away. Her fair, freckled skin is soft like silk but much warmer. She reaches up to my hand pressed against her face and brings it to her mouth so she can brush each finger with her lips. It's an affectionate gesture, and I'm almost ashamed to say I'm baffled by it, because Cyanna has never been one for goodnight kisses or spontaneous embraces. Intercourse with Cyanna is passionate and wild, with reckless kisses and touching drunken bodies with abandon. There's never any holding hands or cuddling or even a candle-lit dinner beforehand. A bottle is passed back and forth until are minds are hazy and we're reeling towards the bed. Then I'm ripping off her blouse, popping buttons in my haste, and lifting her body down onto the mattress. Sometimes I even forget to take my shoes off before we begin rolling around in the sheets. "You really think I'm beautiful?" She whispers, her voice suddenly shaky and clouded with doubt. I frown at her somberly, clasping the top of her arms firmly. Although her body's strong and steady, I can still feel a slight trembling in her bones that makes me choke on my swollen heart. I can't help but feel worried about Cyanna. She's always been the levelheaded one of the two of us, and when something makes her upset, my emotions instantly spiral off the tracks. When we're in too deep with debt, I'm the one panicking and fretfully yanking at my hair in some sort of tantrum-like, inconsolable state. But she always knows what to do, and she can do anything she sets her mind to in a calm and sophisticated manner, because that's just the kind of person Cyanna is. I admire her toughness, the way in which she talks so confidently that she intimidates men a head taller than her. So I'm surprised and honestly a little fearful of the sudden vulnerable look in her eyes. Cyanna is passing into my hands an emotion so raw and heavy that I'm afraid I'll drop it and shatter it to pieces. I'm uncertain and nervous, feeling like I don't fit in my own skin, because I don't have the knowledge or experience on how to fix it. I don't know how to take care of myself, so how could I begin to possibly console her? But in the long seconds it takes me to formulate a response, she starts to think I was just lying to make her feel better. More tears gather at the corners of her eyes and threaten to spill over her lashes. And I hate myself for hesitating, because I do think she's pretty. I'm not lying. I'm not. When I do finally manage to pull an answer from the scattered thoughts in my mind, it sticks in my throat like stale bread, and I almost have to cough to force the words up and out into the air. "Of course I think you're beautiful," I stammer, the skin on the back of my neck flushed. I can hardly go a second without blinking, and I think the darting of my eyes around the room to advert my gaze from lingering on Cyanna's red-rimmed ones is a mouthpiece of my discomfort and anxiety. For some reason she accepts my wobbling, sloppy confession as the truth, and I watch her mouth curve up into a smile like the sun breaking through storm clouds. "Thank you, Danny," she says graciously, almost in relief. She halfheartedly tries to hide a sniffle by pretending to sneeze into her elbow. I've never thought of Cyanna as something delicate, so all of her sniffling and tenderness and fishing for compliments has me scratching my head. Because she has never needed another person's words to make her feel good about herself, especially in her line of work. Around her fifteenth birthday, she began sleeping around with the more well-to-do men of District 9, especially the flesh-hungry Peacekeepers who's oath forbids them to wed, for the extra money needed to purchase luxuries such as lard, soap, and lighter fluid. Since then, she's warming a different man's bed every week, crawling in and out of houses early in the morning with her tights ripped in all the wrong places. But I love love love her anyway. I love how she slowly started to come to me after rough nights with callous men. I'd patch up her wounds and apply salve to the darkest bruises, no questions asked. I would tell her about my day as I helped her wash off her client's fleas and cheap cologne. Eventually, the comfort of my words was also given to her through my lips. I wanted to show her that physical contact wasn't a dirty thing, but I was never dominant in bed with her. I always let her initiate any intimacy, never pushing it or insisting it was done a certain way because that would be too much of a trigger of all the foul things other men make her do. I let Cyanna come to me and make the decisions, and I happily found my body as well as my mind served as an outlet for all of her painful emotions. Cyanna pushes herself up off the mattress, untangling herself from the thick of blankets wrapped around her. When the last sheet falls away from her torso, I'm suddenly aware of how nude she really is. She saunters over to the bedroom window, throwing it open to ventilate the musty room. She raises her arms over her head and stretches her long, pale body as the cool morning breeze settles on her skin. I sit up to watch her, but all that exposed skin and the defined curves of her hips has my veins contracting and expanding as my blood boils into a fiery, intense lust. She turns to face me, and when she sees me hastily pulling the blanket over my legs, she laughs, "Is little Danny blushing?" Her mouth is twisted into a smirk, but there's still a gentle smile shining in her eyes. Ignoring the open window that reveals our indecent state to the public, she walks over and sits next to me on the bed again, and it's a struggle to keep my gaze from dropping from her eyes to her naked chest. The expression on her face is thoughtful as she trains her eyes to the ceiling, and she wets her lips with the tip of her tongue like she always does when she's grappling on how to express an idea in her head. I'm imagining Cyanna dressed in a transparent silk robe with a crown of deep purple flowers as luscious as her lips intertwined in her hair when she finally looks at me again. My mental image of her is still nowhere near as stunning as she is now, real and present and still riddled with bedhead and drowsy eyes. "I just wanted to thank you for what you said before." She says, taking my hand in hers almost shyly. And I'm thinking to myself again how out of character this is for her. I can't help but wonder why she's acting so strangely this morning, but I don't care enough to investigate. This is the closest I've felt to her in months. Sharing a bed for one night with a brief moment of vulnerability when you're getting undressed is so much different than actually just getting close to someone you care about and talking. I can't even begin to explain how the latter is infinitely better. I'm tentatively wrapping my arm around her shoulders, squeezing her to my side. "I always think you're beautiful. In fact, I even thought you were the prettiest girl I'd ever seen when I was only seven. Remember? I was so jealous of your attractive looks that I tried to cut off your hair to make you even with even with everyone else?" "I remember that!"