„Doctor Cullen? I thought you might like some tea." Carlisle looked up from his paperwork to find one of the nurses already halfway through his office, a steaming cup in her hands that spread the smell of peppermint through the air. She smiled enticingly at him, faltering slightly as she noticed the two other cups of cold tea that sat on his desk. "Oh, looks like someone else had the same idea." She laughed nervously as she sat the cup down. He suppressed a sigh and smiled up at her. "Thank you Nina, it was very… thoughtful of you." He immediately regretted using her name. The smile reappeared, wider than before, and her hand flew up to tuck a strand of hair behind her ear. "Oh, it's no problem at all. If there is anything else I can do for you…" She let the sentence hang in the air and leaned against his desk. "No, thank you," he answered quickly, and rose from his desk, „In fact, I was just heading out." He had had no such plans, but he couldn't stay in his office any longer. This was the fourth time within the last hour that one of the nurses had appeared in his office with tea or questions regarding patients or other flimsy excuses to flirt with him. Quickly he slipped past her and out of the door, murmuring some inconsequential excuse. Thankfully his office was located near one of the side-exits, and he was out in the fresh air in a flash. He ran his hand over his face and took a deep, unnecessary breath. It wasn't that he wasn't used to the attentions of the female staff. It was inevitable for him, and usually he was able to handle it quite well. Sure, whenever they moved to a new town and he started to work at a new hospital, it was particularly bad. But it usually took only a few weeks until they realized that their wishes were never going to come true, even if this realization did not keep them from wishing. Carlisle reacted to their advances with polite friendliness, making sure to treat all of them equally, so as not to give any of them any illusions of favouritism. Still, it was hard for him. He was sociable and friendly by nature, and he could not bring himself to be unnecessarily cold to anyone. Their job was to save lives, and in order to do so they needed to work together. So he tried his best to smooth any disruptions his person caused, always striving for a careful balance of polite distance and friendly colleagueship, a method that usually worked well. Most of them came around pretty quickly and were able to work with him. Only once in a while one of them would be bolder or not as easily discouraged, and he needed to be more direct, something he was loath to do. But this time it seemed to be different. Almost half a year had passed since they had taken up residency here, and the excitement about him had not dwindled, instead, most of the nurses were still hovering around him as much as was possible. Maybe it was their tenacity that bothered him more than usual, but of late he found himself more and more irritated by their advances. Today it had grown so bad that he actually felt the need to flee the hospital, which was usually his place of respite. Now he found himself aimlessly wandering the streets, irritation buzzing through his body like a faint electric current. His inability to pinpoint what exactly was bothering him only irritated him more. Over the last months something had taken hold of him that neither he nor Edward or Jasper could explain. His life had not changed much, even if he had gained a daughter-in-law and they had once again moved to a different town. It was nothing world-changing, but the easy satisfaction he usually felt when he thought about his family and his job had slightly dwindled. The wind changed direction and brought with it a scent that pulled him from his musings. Books , he thought, books and dust and lavender . He inhaled a bit deeper. Leather, Paper; both old and new, wood, vanilla, violets . And something sweet, that reminded him of something... Curiosity and a desire for distraction made him follow the smell down the street and around a corner. He had wandered farther than he had realized while he was lost in thought, this was a corner of town he had not been to before. The smell grew stronger in the little street he was walking down now, leading straight to a bookshop that was sitting on the corner, across from a small café. The sign above the door was a faded white and read The Literary Pharmacy written in calligraphy. A small shiver ran down his back, but the loud voice carrying through the closed door of the shop diverted his attention before he could wonder what had caused it. "What is that supposed to mean? You won't sell it to me?" a harsh female voice inquired inside the shop. A small sigh, probably barely audible to the enraged customer, preceded the answer. "If you insist, I will obviously sell it to you, but I'd really rather not. Not this particular book.", another woman replied, her voice even. "And why not?" "Because it's not the right one for you. Nick Jordan isn't your type." came the reply. "Not my type? Miss, I am here to buy a book, not to find a husband!" By now, the woman's voice was bristling with indignation. The other woman chuckled under her breath, the amusement tinging her voice as she said: "With all due respect, but the books you read are far more important than which man you marry, at least in the long run." A bell rang as Carlisle entered the shop. The air was warm and dry, thick with the scent that had led him here, and he closed the door quietly behind him. The store was bigger than it looked from the outside, roomy and cozy. There were a few small tables and couches strewn throughout the room, most of them by the windows. Huge shelves made of dark wood were overflowing with books, more of them were stacked on tables. Dozens of lamps hang from the ceiling, some alone, some arranged in groups, all with different lampshades. To the right there was a wooden counter currently occupied by the two women. In front of the counter stood an older woman, probably around fifty years old, wrapped in an expensive looking coat, a designer bag hanging from her arm. Her red lips were pressed together in disapproval. Behind the counter was a younger woman, maybe half her customer's age, with long hair, a pretty face and a small smile on her lips. Neither of the women registered his entrance, both of them fully invested in their argument. Silently he started browsing the impressive collection, while he listened to their conversation. "What kind of bookseller are you? Telling me not to buy books!" "One who takes her job very seriously. And I do want you to buy books, just not The Lost Boys." The woman narrowed her eyes and waved her wallet. "Just give me the damn book, take my money, and then we can both pretend it's a nice day." The bookseller smiled. "It is a nice day, but you're not getting this book. At least not from me. But I would like to introduce you to a few others, if I may?" "This is ridiculous!" she spat, her voice growing continuously louder," I'm not having this. Just because you probably disliked the book-", the woman threw her wallet into her bag and turned around, but the younger woman quickly but her hand on her arm before she could walk away. The smile was gone from her face, instead she was studying the woman intently. "You have the choice. You can go, leave this shop and curse me, or you could make a choice to spare yourself countless hours of torture, from this moment on." The older woman hesitated for a second, then she ripped her arm away. "That's what I'm doing right now." She whirled around and headed to the door, so the bookseller's next words hit her square in the back. "Please, put your trust in this, or you will only keep on torturing yourself about those useless relationships with these even more useless men, or your next stupid diet, because you're not thin enough for that one man or not stupid enough for the next one." With flared nostrils and shaking hands she turned back around to the shopkeeper, her voice icy. "How dare you?!" The younger woman did not let this answer discourage her, instead she slipped out from behind the counter, a book in her hands, and slowly made her way over to the other woman. She moved deliberately, carefully, like she was approaching a wounded animal, her voice calm. "Books can protect you from idiocy. From false hope. Or from the wrong men. They can fill you with life. If it's the right book. The right book can give you love, knowledge, hope… "She said, and held the book out in front of her, her hands covering the title. Automatically the older woman reached for it, but the bookseller didn't let go. Her voice grew soft, almost tender now, as she looked at the woman who stared at her with baited breath. "You will need a room just for yourself, not too bright, preferably with a bed. Read it slowly, in small portions, so you can rest in between. You will have a lot to think about- and to cry about. You'll cry for yourself. For the years. But you will feel better afterwards. You will understand that you won't have to die now, even if it feels like it, because that guy treated you so horribly. You will like yourself again, and you'll stop feeling like you're ugly and naïve." She let go of the book. The woman stared at her, the shock written so plainly on her face that it was evident that her words had hit home. She blinked twice and dropped the book. "You're totally crazy.", she whispered, whirled around and stumbled out of the shop. Through the window Carlisle could see her retreating, each heeled step an angry stab against the ground, her shoulders shaking violently under her coat. He could still hear her rugged breathing. She was fighting against the tears, and he could hear that she was losing. "Damn." He turned back around to the bookseller, who was rubbing her face with both her hands. She sighed wearily and bent down to pick up the discarded book, brushing off the now slightly bended spine. "Wonderful," she muttered under her breath, still perfectly audible to his ears. " Now I've got a ruined book and an angry customer. And I thought I could keep it together." She walked back to the counter, but stopped mid-step and turned back to the room. Apparently she was only now realizing that somebody else had come in, and her eyes quickly fell on him, widening visibly as she took him in. "Jesus, Lord Almighty", she said and put a hand to her heart. "Your face needs to come with a warning and a paper bag. " He stared at her with raised eyebrows. He'd never heard that before. "A paper bag? To put over my face?" "Oh," she put her hand over her mouth and started laughing, "No! Sorry, that came out wrong. I mean, putting it over your face might help, but it'd be an awful waste- I meant the kind of paper bag you breathe into, you know." She grinned and whacked her fist against her chest. "Either I'm close to hyperventilating or I'm having