Disclaimer: The Twilight Saga belongs to Stephanie Meyer. "To love is to suffer. To avoid suffering one must not love. But then one suffers from not loving. Therefore, to love is to suffer; not to love is to suffer; to suffer is to suffer. To be happy is to love. To be happy, then, is to suffer, but suffering makes one unhappy. Therefore, to be happy one must love or love to suffer or suffer from too much happiness."- Woody Allen Prologue EPOV: I was seated in my room, a CD was playing and I had the volume set to its lowest capacity on my stereo as I was trying to mind my attention to reading. The music - just acting as background noise to set the mood and block out the thoughts of my family resided in the same house. I was on the third chapter in an old copy I had of Wuthering Heights when I heard a light knock on my door. I thought of getting up and opening the door myself but instead I just hollered from my seat, "yes?" The door slowly opened and a little head peaked in through the gap, black spikes poiting at all directions and an upward nose turned to me with a tiny crinkle. "Aren't you dressed yet?" "No, I parade here in my nude, Alice," the sarcasm in my tone dried out fast, "yes, I am dressed. Why?" "No, you are not. These are the clothes I picked out for your first day of your new job. Not those!" She snarked and held out a hanger with a pair of black jeans and a blue shirt that she had picked out for me but she hadn't stopped there. My outfit had been co-ordinated all the way down to my drawls. I sighed and pinched the bridge of my nose, I had been certain that it wasn't until another day. "That is today?" " Yes, and a Cullen can't be late on the first day of his new job. Literally. Since we are so fast and all." She was trying to make a joke and I smiled out of courtesy so she'd leave me alone. This was a day I dreaded. I got in my clothes and then I was off - to my dreaded, personal, purgatory. I drove my silvery volvo along a narrow street in the small town Forks that me and my family had resided to as we had out grown the last place we lived at. Not physically though - the exact reason why we could not stay there a minute longer. Luckily, me beeing able to read others minds and my sister, not by blood, being able to foresee the future helps us immensely. We almost always get some sort of heads up before the situation gets critical. It has never gotten seriously out of hand and our traces were eraced before they had any time to try their theories any further. Suddenly I saw a woman in her late twenties, same as me, stand beside the road. Well I was changed at twentynine so my appearance was as of that but I had lived for a hundred and one years. Her big, red truck was steaming from behind her and she looked quite upset to say the least. My eyes had quicly scanned her off, she had some slight curves on the places a woman her age would, otherwise she was slim buildt. Luscious ringlets of brown hair hung over her shoulders that were covered in a burgundy coat and her chocolate brown eyes, mimicking a doe as much as ever where she stood, looking into my headlights, by the road. I tried to register her mind but to my surprise it was blank, as if no one was standing there. What if this woman had some severe head injury and needs critical aid. I just couldn't pass her by. Why couldn't I just pass her by? Something in her eyes and the mystery in her thoughts perhaps had brought me to a sudden halt. She jumped up and backed away a few steps as I had clearly startled her. I jumped out of my car and steered my steps towards the woman who was eyeing me carefully with every step I got closer. "Hello, is everything alright?" I asked, my voice calm and caring. She nodded towards me, "yes I'm fine. But my car have seen better days and so has my reception," she held up an old iPhone and bit her lower lip as her slightly slanted eyebrows furrowed and met in an arch in the middle. She wasn't hurt at all by the looks of her and she could speak perfectly with a voice so enchanting that I got lost in her words even though they were so few. Still, I couldn't hear her thoughts witch was so very unnerving. I had no heads up with her. I pulled out my own phone but there was no luck there either, something you got used to as you lived in a small town. "I can give you a lift if you want?" I offered and she clearly didn't have much other choice. It was frustrating not knowing what was going on in her head, what she thought of me and what else she hid in there. I knew my only way of getting in her head was by doing what others without my ability did once they met someone new; talk. She nodded a bit hesitantly, "are you sure, I mean I could,-" "-I am sure," I cut her off to save her the effort of having to think up some lie just to be out of my way. I couldn't read her mind but I was good with people so that wasn't hard figuring out just by what was given. And then again; what other choice did she have? A ride along with a monstrous man who she had just met in the woods. I felt genuinely sorry for her. As soon as she got into my car and closed the door a wave of air blew towards me. The air was carrying her scent and it pierced me like a thousand needles in my throat. I couldn't breathe, intentionally I shut off the airflow to my lungs and my fingers gripped around the steering wheel tightly. My eyes were buried in the asphalt ahead of me and I just kept staring out of the window in silence. I was frozen where I sat, looking more like a statue carved out of marble than ever. "Are you alright?" She was on to me so I knew that I had to take action. I turned towards her, looking at her milky white face with crimson cheeks and a rather freaked out expression shone through her doe eyes. I thought of how much alike they were, her and the doe, rather than just the eyes. Both a pray for me, well in the natural sense but I didn't follow my natural instincts. No one in my family did - our father, Carlisle, had taught us that and I tried to think of him now. Of his disappointment with me if I disobeyed his belief and it was the only thing keeping me from killing this poor human girl right now. I knew I couldn't stay in that car any longer, her scent would spread even more and it would drive me mad. The fact that she was all alone and that no one seemed to know where she was were a far too tempting setting for my murder and I had to get away from her, now. I grasped after the car door handle and quickly slammed up the door and with what air was left in my lungs I pressed out between my teeth, "take the car." It took all the strength I got left and in a flash I had taken off into the woods but I had made sure to leave her the keys behind. Chapter 1 BPOV: The rain was lightly tapping on my bedroom window as I came to life. The rain wasn't what had woke me - my tenaciously beeping alarm clock that I managed to finally pull the plug on after it nearly drove me crazy. An easing silence spread in the house apart from the rain and I rubbed my eyes as I stretched out every tense limb in my body. Morning stretches - one of my guilty pleasures. One of the very few I had in my very uneventful life as a librarian. I was stuck in a small town since seventeen, still giving my father the company and comfort he needed. Hell, maybe he had become the one who was actually comforting me by now. Unlike him I had never been left behind by someone and then never been able to love again. Rather; I had never even had the chance to be left behind by someone and I was going on thirty - I frankly didn't know which one was more pitiful. I got out of bed and slipped my feet into a pair of white slippers that I kept beside the bed to prevent my feet from turning into ice blocks every morning. Gently, I wrapped myself up in a fluffy periwinkle robe and forced my heavy legs towards the kitchen where my caffeine awaits. Something I had learnt by time to appreciate; same as Forks itself. I actually did love it here, the town had grown on me like the moss that was clinging to most of the surface of this town. It was something about this place that had made me found my roots in a way. I had accepted the hermit life that my father had adapted by the years spent here as well. Charlie had already left for work as I came down in to the the kitchen. It was grey and dull in there and it was caused mostly by the non-existing sunlight. I tapped on the lights I had forced Charlie to install which brought some sort of light into the hose unlike those bulbs he used before that were few and wildly scattered. Finally, I had reprimanded myself to repaint the bright yellow cabinets a few years back as well. Even though I understood my moms desperate attempt to make the house brighter, the annoyingly yellow shade had the opposite effect instead so I had repainted them a dove white shade. Charlie had been whimpering about the idea so one day I had just taken the bull by the horn and done it when he was at work, wich he later appreciated. He couldn't keep his feelings tied to a cabinet colour, that was tremendously unhealthy. Not that I was the poster child for normal, healthy behaviour. Something was surely not right with me either, how else would it be explained that nearly all I had was the company of fictional characters in classic romance novels? Once I had cleared the table of the plate I had had my fried up omelette with paprika on and my empty coffee mug that had been refilled twice, I headed into the bathroom and fixed myself up. Some brush strokes through my still long, and mahogany hair and on my teeth. A quick face wash followed by a light application of makeup and then the compact went down into my black bag for touch ups during the day. I was the one opening the library today so once done in the bathroom I hurried back into my bedroom and threw on the first thing I could find that fit me and looked presentable. In this case it was a pair of dark blue jeans and a black cardigan that showed off some slight cleavage and then I continued rushing down the hallway, tripping a total of three times until I had thrown on my brown coat, grabbed