A/N: I'm sure that variants of this story have been done before, but don't tell me their titles – I don't want to be tempted to read them yet. Also, I'm doing my best to use characters that SMeyer mentioned (including some in "Midnight Sun") but as you'll see, I've had to expand their families. N.B. for my non-American readers: AP stands for Advanced Placement. These are high-school classes that are theoretically college-level, and at the end of the year, the students take an AP test. If they score high enough, they can get college credit. Thank yous to Camilla10, Madeline4994, and Mr. Price. Chapter 1: Ein neuer Lauf beginnt As I drove into the parking lot, I peered though my streaked windshield at the clutch of unconnected modular buildings that made up Forks High. There was something wrong with this town, too cheap or too shortsighted to build a school suitable for a rainy climate even when it was surrounded by the raw material for it. Instead, Forks had decided to throw up vinyl-sided boxes and force students to get wet as they went from one class to the next. I pulled in a few spots away from a navy S.U.V. from which a beefy man with a buzz cut was alighting. Under his sports coat he had the look of someone who had been muscular 25 years ago. "Hey!" he called to me as I got out in turn. "Hey, miss, this is the teachers' parking lot. Students' is next one over. Are you here to register?" I looked around, confused, not seeing any distinction between the row of spaces he and I were in, and the next row over. "I'm good," I told him as he walked closer, seeming not to even notice the drizzle falling on us. He stared at the "Title IX Rules" emblazoned on my long-sleeved T-shirt, at my jeans, at my old red Civic as if they were personal affronts, and then his face cleared. "Oh, you're the new English teacher," he said. "I should have guessed from the Arizona tags." He tilted his head toward the cactuses on my license plate. "Bella Swan," I said, offering my hand. I wasn't offended – with my ponytail and scrubbed face, I was probably destined to be carded at every bar until my dying day. "Bruce Clapp. Welcome to Forks," he responded, shaking. His fingers were fleshy and damp. "So, can I make a guess about you?" I asked, and he shrugged. "It's only fair, I suppose." "Gym teacher?" He nodded. "College football player?" He nodded again, pleased. "What position?" "Tight end. For Whitworth University." His smile faded as he saw my blank expression. "It's in Spokane." "Oh, okay. I'm sorry, I haven't been much out of Arizona." I decided not to add that I made an effort to avoid football. I opened the back of the Civic and started pulling out a mop and bucket. Bruce Clapp shook his head at me. "You won't need those," he said. "But it's Teachers' Work Day. I have to clean my classroom." It had been a necessity in my school in Tucson during the teachers' prep week. Even in the short break between summer school and the start of the new academic year, grit coated everything. "Nope. The custodial crew does a good job here." He cast a critical eye on my clothes again. "You might want to cover up that shirt. We do have a dress code." "Oh, I didn't know, thanks," I said, grimacing, grabbing a black cardigan from the car and buttoning it over my offending T-shirt. When I finished, Bruce Clapp tilted his head again, this time toward the other end of the parking lot. "We're all meeting in the gym," he explained, and I followed him to one of the beige modular buildings, feeling as if I had already started my new job on the wrong foot. This was not what I had expected. And it certainly wasn't what I had planned. It was less than two weeks ago that I had set off from Tucson with Raquel, my roommate, teammate and best friend, in the Civic that Bruce Clapp glared at, our bikes on top and most of the rest of our belongings – most crucially, Raquel's paintings and my cooking equipment - being shipped up to our new home in Seattle. Raquel had a job funded for a year, maybe two, at a nonprofit arts education group and had landed a cheap apartment in a sort of artists' commune in the Capitol Hill neighborhood. To get in, you had to be pretty serious about your art, and nonartistic nonromantic roommates weren't allowed. So I was going to be sharing it with her as her fake girlfriend, a subterfuge I had objected to, but only for the ethics of it. I didn't mind being a lesbian for a while – it wasn't as if I thought some great romance was awaiting me in Seattle. If either of us was going to slip up, it would be Raquel, with her lithe figure and spark, who attracted men like an open soda can attracts wasps. As for me, I had a job too, teaching ninth-grade English at a large school in the Central District, an easy ride from Capitol Hill. What I didn't have yet was a contract, but my new principal, Janine Varner, told me that was typical for the slow-moving Seattle School District. So I pushed aside my worries about that and Raquel and I had a blast driving along the California coast. We swam in Malibu and shopped at the Hollywood farmers' market – oh, my brown eyes turned green with envy at the spreads of berries and citrus and nuts, the oysters and the slushies - and shouted along to that Robyn Hitchcock song skewering our new home: Viva Seattle-Tacoma, viva viva Sea-Tac/They've got the best computers and coffee and smack/Hendrix played guitar just like an animal/Who's trapped inside a cage/And one day he escaped… Didn't matter that Hendrix hated Seattle. I was thrilled to be leaving Arizona, leaving behind sandstorms and heat and my dad, police chief of my dusty tiny hometown in the desert. Chief Charlie Swan, who kept me stuck in Arizona because even a prime candidate like me – a bilingual cross-country team captain and school newspaper editor from Nowheresville with good SATs and a sad backstory - can't afford to go out of state for college if her father won't complete the financial aid forms. Just to see if I could do it, I filled out the Common App and the Dartmouth supplement. A few months later, I put the acceptance letter under a magnet on the refrigerator. Charlie didn't say a word to me about it, and I went to the University of Arizona, where I could qualify as a teacher in four years. UA wasn't all bad: I met Raquel on the cross-country team, and I was quickly drawn into the circle of art and music students that she had gathered around herself. We became such good friends that I was willing to cool my heels teaching in Tucson for a year while she finished up college, and more than willing to follow her wherever she found a job. And it was because of Raquel that I discovered what I really wanted to do with the time allotted me on earth, and it sure as hell wasn't teaching high school. But that would have to wait a couple of years. In the meantime, I was looking forward to living in Seattle, with its concerts and water views and busy sidewalks. When we arrived, we dropped our luggage off in our new apartment and took advantage of the dry August night, walking up to Molly Moon's for ice cream, eating salted caramel scoops and watching bearded guys playing bike polo in the park across the street. We even ran into the graphic novelist who was on the commune admission committee, a sweet Chinese-American guy our age named Ben, when we strolled in front of the gay bars on Pike Street. As he welcomed us to town Raquel wrapped her arm around my waist. "You're going to be sorry when you develop a wild passion for Ben, but he ignores you because you have a girlfriend," I teased her when Ben went on his way. "Nah, he's too short for me," she said. "You are so picky." "Yeah, I'm going to take relationship advice from you ." Raquel snorted before adding with mock pretentiousness, "Besides, I need to concentrate on my art ." "Okay, Motherwell, let's go home," I said, knowing how much she hated that painter. "We're going to have a lot of boxes to unpack tomorrow." But I never got a chance to unpack even my suitcase. My cellphone's ring woke me up the next day, and as soon as I heard Janine Varner's voice, I knew it was bad news. The contract wasn't coming, she told me, because the district had belatedly decided to close a school, and she was going to have to give my job to one of the displaced teachers. Which was how it should be, but even so I was feeling screwed over. "I do have some good news, though," she said as I sat up in my sleeping bag and tried to figure out how my checking account would absorb this blow. "Or possibly good news, depending on how invested you are in living in Seattle. I just got a call from my old high school, and the new principal there is looking for an English teacher. One of his suddenly walked into his office and retired." "Your old high school?" I asked, uncertain what she meant. "The one I graduated from. My uncle teaches math there, actually. It's in Forks – do you know it?" she asked. When I told her no, she went on, "It's about three hours away, on the Olympic Peninsula. Forks itself … well, Forks is not the prettiest town in the world, but the ocean and mountains around it are beautiful. The school is about 300, 350 students, mostly white, but more and more Latinos. Let me look up some data here …." A computer keyboard clicked in my ear. "Okay, a lot of subsidized lunches - the casinos just don't pay enough. What else … oh, about half the kids sign up for college, mostly for Peninsula, the community college around there. Huh, they had a good year last year - three got into University of Washington, one got into Western Washington. Your class size will be smaller than here in Seattle, so that's something. I mean, it's probably better than going on the subs list, which is pretty much your only other option at this point." "Yeah, you're right," I said, shuddering, as Raquel, awake now, mouthed, "What's going on?" from the other sleeping bag. Substitutes, God bless 'em, had the worst jobs. And what other way was I going to support myself in Seattle? "Great," Janine Varner said briskly. "I'll fax your documents to Forks, and you'll get a call." An hour and a conversation later with Forks High's novice principal, I had a job in a town I had never heard of, much less seen. I followed Coach Clapp to the gym, where folding chairs had been set out for the 30 or so staffers. The man who hired me, Bob Banner, looking serious in his khakis and navy blazer, narrowed his eyes at my jeans before introducing me to my new colleagues. The inspection finished, I gratefully dropped out of sight and into a chair next to Janine's uncle, Jerry Varner, and another young teacher. Banner went over rules and procedures I was too new to know – the honor code, the use of honorifics and last names even for students, the schedule for lunchroom duty and, of course, the dress code, which barred both