Hello! My name is Olivia, better known as Oliviaa Rose. I'm known for my Harry Potter/Twilight crossovers, but this is not one of them. This is a story I have been working very hard on for some weeks on and I've finally decided to give it a shot and post it. I love the idea of Remus being a father figure to Hermione and I have this whole story planned out in my head. Now the only thing is to get it on paper! So I hope you enjoy the beginning of what can become great! Hermione Granger was eight years old when he first met her. Remus Lupin had been sitting on a bench in a park nearby, reading one of his favorite books; The Giver. It was a bright and sunny day and Remus thought it'd be good to take a stroll through the old park. Though he didn't live near the park, it was a part of his childhood neighborhood. His parents, Lyall and Hope Lupin, lived only a few blocks down. After a nice, long walk through the beautiful park, listening to the sounds of children's laughter and watching their parents look at them so lovingly, Remus had decided to take a seat at his usual bench and read under the shade of a great big oak tree. The park brought back so many great memories of his childhood. The childhood he had before everything went so wrong. And he liked watching the children play. He didn't mean it in a creepy way, but in a longing way. Growing up he'd always dreamed of having a big happy family with a bunch of little munchkins running around. He wanted a child to raise, to love, to see grow up and have children of their own. But he knew that'd never happen. It had all started with a book. As he read he didn't notice the little girl silently and hesitantly walk up to him, looking at his book with great curiosity. "What are you reading?" she eventually asked, startling Remus from his reading. He looked up in surprise, his eyebrows rising at the sight of the little girl standing in front of him. She was a tiny little thing with a big, bushy mound of brown curls on her head. What stood out the most were her eyes, though. Her big, round doe eyes were a caramel brown with specks of gold in them. They shined with curiosity and wisdom that took Remus by surprised. She stood with her hands on her hips with her head slightly tilted to the side. Remus cleared his throat, shaking away his surprise. "Uh, The Giver," he answered, showing her the cover of the book. Her eyes brightened and she grinned excitedly. "I've read that! Fantastic book, truly fantastic! The idea of a totally different, utopian world is fascinating! But also terrifying. I mean, to be in complete control under the government. Not being able to make your own decisions. Seeing no color and having no memories of what's really out there. What's the point of living if you can't live the way you want to. The author tries to make it seem like it's this perfect world, but the true message is that no world is ever perfect, no matter how hard one might try and make it be. Brilliant!" the little girl rambled excitedly, bouncing as she lost herself in her own thoughts. Remus looked at the little girl, amazed. This girl couldn't have been more than eight, maybe nine, years old, yet she spoke with the wisdom of a grown woman. He could already tell she'd grow up to be very intelligent. The girl looked up at him, as if suddenly realizing he was there, and looked abashed. "Oh! I'm sorry, how rude of me. I've yet to introduce myself. I'm Hermione Jean Granger. And you are?" she asked, holding out her hand. Remus smiled kindly at the well mannered girl, Hermione, and took her small hand in his bigger one. "Remus Lupin. Lovely to make your acquaintance, Hermione Jean Granger." he said, shaking her hand gently. Hermione beamed. "Yours as well, Mr. Remus Lupin," she said, and Remus grinned at how proud she sounded while formally stating her name. "Tell me, Hermione," he said, "how much do you like to read?" Hermione's smile widened. She climbed up and sat in the empty space on the bench besides him. After crossing her legs she looked up at him brightly. "I love to read! My mummy has an office full of books at home, but I've been through almost all of them." Hermione cocked her head to the side, still looking up at him. "You know, I always see you here. You come every Wednesday and sit at this very bench with a different book. Today I decided I'd come and introduce myself." Remus laughed at her proud expression for her decision. "Are you here often?" he asked. Hermione nodded. "Everyday. My mummy owns that bookstore over there," she said, pointing to the small, brown, wooden building named A Bookworm's World that was behind them on the other side of the road. "I get dropped off there after school and usually hang out here until my mummy comes to get me." "What about your father?" Remus asked. At the mention of her father Hermione looked a little sad. "He died in a car crash last year." Remus looked at her, sorrow for this little girl filling his heart. "I'm sorry, dear," he said genuinely. Hermione looked up at him through her eyelashes and gave a small, sad smile. "It's okay, sir. Mummy says he'll always be right here," she said, pointing to her heart. Remus grinned at her innocence. "That's right," he said. "Tell me, Hermione, have you ever heard of a book called Little Women ?" Hermione immediately perked up. "No, sir." Remus' grin widened. "Well, you should see if your mother has a copy in that bookstore of hers. I think you'd quite like it." Hermione shifted herself onto her knees and scooted closer to Remus, excitement lighting up her brown eyes. "What's it about?" she asked anxiously. "Well," he started, "it's about a family that go by the surname March. The March family consists of four girls and their mother. Now, they aren't a wealthy family, no, not at all. But they learn throughout the book how to make the best of their situation and be grateful for what they do have." Hermione's eyes were wide with curiosity. "What happens?" she asked. Remus shook his head. "Ah, ah, ah, dear girl. I shan't give it away. No, I will leave you to read it and find out for yourself." Hermione pouted and Remus chuckled. "I will be here next Wednesday and every Wednesday after that. I expect you to have at least started the book by then." Remus didn't know why, but he felt an immediate attachment to Hermione and wished to see her again. Remus looked amused as Hermione scoffed. "Puh-lease, I will have the book finished by the time we meet again," she said confidently. Remus laughed and gave her a warm smile as he stood. "I'm going to hold you to that, dear," he said as he tapped her nose lightly. Hermione giggled and smiled hugely up at him. "I promise." Hermione held out her pinky expectantly. Remus' smile widened at the gesture and he intertwined his larger pinky finger with hers. "Good." They separated and Remus sighed, knowing it was time for him to depart. "Well, dear Hermione, unfortunately it is time for me to depart." Hermione's face fell and she nodded sadly. "I will see you Wednesday, my dear." Hermione's face visibly lit up once again and Remus grinned, happy to see her happy. "Until then, Hermione." "Until then, Mr. Lupin," she replied. "Remus, dear," he said. "Call me Remus." With that Remus walked away, towards the woods. Hermione's eyes followed him until he disappeared into the woods. As soon as he was out of site she jumped up and ran across the street to her mother's bookstore in hopes of finding Little Women. xxXxx The next Wednesday Remus stuck true to his word and Hermione found him sitting on the same bench as the Wednesday before. "A real view on life," Hermione said as she neared him. Remus smiled and looked up from his book. "Although not everything is peachy, you can still achieve your dreams and be optimistic. That's the message, I think. Some very sad parts, but very easy to relate to for many young girls like myself." Remus marked his page and set his book aside. "I thought you'd like it." Hermione sat next to him and grinned. "I loved it!" she exclaimed, said book clutched in her hands. "It really gives the moral of family and friends and how important they are. It was liberating. Especially learning about the roles of women during the Civil War. Fascinating." Remus was once again amazed by Hermione's intelligence. "I'm glad you enjoyed it. It was my mother's favorite book. She'd go on and on about it and some nights when I couldn't sleep she'd read it to me." Remus smiled fondly at the memories. Hermione smiled, clutching the book tightly to her chest, as if scared someone would rip it from her grasp. She looked at the book he was currently reading and tilted her head. "You're still reading The Giver ?" she asked, sure he would have finished it by now. Remus picked up the book. "More like rereading. It's my favorite book and I never grow tired of it. Each time I read it I find something new. For example, I am at the part right before Jonas is assigned his job. He's standing on the stage, looking out at the crowd in front of him. Now that he can see the color red he notices the bright red blush in everyone's cheeks." Remus looked down at Hermione, his eyes holding a knowing twinkle. "What do you think that suggests?" Hermione tilted her head again, confused. "That they're human?" she guessed. Remus chuckled and shook his head. "Think harder, dear," he said, staring at her with his gentle, all knowing look. Hermione looked down at her lap, thinking hard. It took her a minute or two before it finally dawned on her. "They're all white!" she exclaimed, staring up at Remus in excitable disbelief. "That's the only way he'd be able to see their bright red blushes; if they all had white skin." Remus smiled proudly. "Excellent, Hermione." Hermione swelled with pride at the praise. "I never made the connection when I read it," she said, shaking her head. "Neither had I," Remus said, "until I read it again." He shook the book slightly in the air and grinned. "For the thousandth time, I bet," Hermione giggled. "You'd win," Remus teased, and Hermione continued to giggle. "Do you have another book suggestion for me?" Hermione asked hopefully, ready to go at another new book. Remus chuckled at her obvious excitement. He can't remember the last time he'd seen such a young child be excited about reading. Remus looked around the park, watching the other kids play on the playground for a moment before asking, "Dear, why don't you ever play with the other kids?" Hermione looked over at the rowdy kids and grimaced. "They're too loud, too rowdy. Even so, they don't like me. They don't like that I'm smart. The kids at school, they call me mean names, so I don't talk to anyone. I mostly just stick to my books." Hermione looked down sadly and Remus felt a sharp pang in his heart. He knew what it was like to be an outcast for being a nerd. Before Hogwarts he was often teased and picked on in his neighborhood for being the smart kid. He definitely felt for the girl. "Don't worry, child," he