Hello! For those of you who are not familiar with my work my name is Oliviaa Rose! I've been on this website for four, almost five, years now and I'll probably never grow tired of it! For those who DO know me, welcome to another story! I know, I KNOW, "Another story, Oliviaa, while you still have like five you haven't completed?" YES! I'm sorry, but I can't help myself! This is one I've been thinking of for a while and I just couldn't resist! I think for a while I'll be focusing on this story and It All Started with a Book (which if you haven't read PLEASE go read!). Not to say I've given up on my other stories, but at the moment I'm confident writing in these two. I've been thinking about this one because through the books the only life we really know COMPLETELY is Harry's. I wanted to play around with the other characters stories and show what COULD have possibly gone on behind the scenes. SO I hope you enjoy and PLEASE tell me what you think! The students all looked at each other in wonder and confusion as they stood around in the big classroom. Earlier that week all of the eighth year students had gotten a letter from Headmistress McGonagall demanding their presence in the unused third floor classroom for a mandatory meeting. Failure to show would result in heavy punishing, and no one, not even the Slytherins, had been willing to risk being on the end of McGonagall's wrath. Especially after how this year had been going so far. After the war had ended and Hogwarts had been repaired the Headmistress had sent out letters giving all of last years seventh years the chance to return to Hogwarts as 'eighth years' and finish their education. Most, if not all, had snagged the opportunity immediately for different reasons. With the war finally over and the world free of Voldemort you'd think there'd be peace. You'd think people would have gotten over their past grudges and moved on. You'd think there'd be no more prejudices or fights. You'd be wrong. If anything fights got worse, grudges and hate towards one another increased, and people, especially the eighth years, just couldn't seem to move on. Almost all of the Slytherins had returned for their final year, some by choice and some by force, and no one had been happy about it. They were now the number one targets. Not one Slytherin could walk down the hallways without being shoved or having the word 'Death Eater' be spat at them. Some students tried to jinx them, while others just hit them with their words. But the Slytherins never just took it. They fought back with their own jinxes and their own words. And throughout the months things slowly got worse. Fights broke out in the halls, in the courtyard, and even in the Great Hall. A class couldn't go by without words being exchanged between two different houses and curses being thrown. Detentions were flying left and right and kids were in the hospital every day. Four months into the new school year and it finally came to the breaking point when half the eighth years, and some of the seventh years, broke into a battle in the middle of the Great Hall, hurting some of the first and second years who were hit by the flying spells and couldn't defend themselves. McGonagall had had ENOUGH . When the Headmistress entered the classroom with a bang causing the students to jump, everyone could see the disgust and rage on her face. They were silent in fear as she made her way to the front of the room. As she looked at them she could see the clear divide as they all stood with their Houses in each corner of the room. She shook her head. This wouldn't do. With a flick of her wand several seats filled the room. They were placed in a half circle so everyone was facing each other and could see the front of the room. Placed on each chair was a name tag. "Find the chair with your name on it and have a seat," McGonagall practically growled. "You're giving us assigned seats?" Pansy said incredulously. She coward slightly under the fierce glare McGonagall shot her. "Act like children and I will treat you like children. Sit ," she hissed. Everyone scrambled to find their seats, not wanting to test the Headmistress when she was in this mood. As Hermione found her seat she looked at the names surrounding her and flinched. The name to her right made Hermione sigh in relief that she'd at least have someone by her side, but the names on either side of them made her worry a little. "'Mione," Dean Thomas said warmly as he took his seat beside her. "So far so good, eh?" he said brightly and Hermione smiled widely. She was happy that if she had to go through what was sure to be a horrid meeting with anyone that it was with Dean. A shadow passed over them and Hermione tensed as she felt someone take a seat beside her. Slowly she looked to her left and her light brown eyes met dark green eyes. Theodore Nott. Son to notorious and vicious Death Eater, Thaddeus Nott, who was known for killing more than thirty young muggle children in a school raid and his own wife when she was pregnant with a baby girl. The boy who never really spoke to anyone outside of his Slytherin friends. The boy who never really picked on her, but never stopped it either. "Granger," he said simply. "Nott," she responded in the same fashion before turning to face the front. Beside him Dean could also feel someone take a seat and Dean didn't need to look to see who it was. He had seen the name before he sat down, and despite the easy smile he had shot Hermione his body had remained tense, waiting for him to come. And as he felt the boy's presence beside him his body seemed to tense even more. It had been months since they'd last seen each other, fighting on opposite sides of the war, and a year since the 'incident'. At least that's what Dean referred to it as because if he called it anything else his mind would probably break down. There wasn't a day where Dean didn't think about what had happened. What this boy had done to him. The incident that changed Dean's life forever. So as the boy sat beside him Dean continued to look at McGonagall standing at the front of the classroom. Their seats were in the middle of the semicircle, which put them right in front of the Headmistress and the screen that suddenly appeared with another flick of her wand. "Thomas," the boy eventually greeted as people continued to search for their seats. Dean felt a chill go down his spine and tried his best not to show it. He determinedly kept his eyes trained on the Headmistress, refusing to look at the boy beside him. He couldn't look at him, As soon as he did every encounter they ever had that haunted his dreams and plagued his mind would come back, and Dean couldn't deal with that. Not now. "Zabini," Dean said reluctantly. Blaise Zabini sat beside him, studying the boy that refused to look at him. Though his face showed no emotion inside he was hurting. The two for some time had a bad past. For their first few years at Hogwarts they fought like Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy. There wasn't a day that passed where the two wouldn't pass childish insults at one another. It wasn't about blood purity or social standing. To be completely honest Blaise couldn't remember what had caused such hatred between the two, they had just never clicked. And then one day things went too far and Blaise called Dean the one thing he swore on his father's grave he'd never say. Mudblood. His mother would have slapped the shit out of him then and there if she had been there. And sure, Draco was his best friend, but it didn't mean they shared the same beliefs. From that day on things got worse between the two, at least in Blaise's opinion. They no longer fought, but Dean had started avoiding him like the plague. If they crossed paths Dean wouldn't look at him or even acknowledge he was there. In classrooms and in the Great Hall Dean sat so he couldn't see Blaise. There were no more dirty looks or spiteful words. There was just silence. Everyone expected Blaise to be happy to be rid of the boy, but instead it drove Blaise crazy . He couldn't stand the sudden silence and calm that came with Dean's absence. His life had always been filled with quiet calm and he realized that Dean brought the crazy unexpected that Blaise thrived for. That he needed . But for the next year the quiet calm was all he got until he couldn't take it anymore and apologized. Dean had been surprised and so had he, but they both knew it was what they needed. But the results were different from what Blaise had expected. They weren't enemies anymore, they were friends. It was tentative and awkward at first, but it soon blossomed into something greater than Blaise could imagine. They had become the kind of friends that did things together, like study, or play games, or joke, or fly on brooms, or just talk. They talked . Talked about their likes and dislikes, their lives, their families, their hopes, dreams, and their fears . They were the kind of friends that shot each other smiles in the hallways, and in the classrooms, and across the Great Hall. Sure, Blaise had friends, like Draco and Theo, and sure they were great, but Dean was different . He wasn't afraid to tell Blaise about his life or show Blaise his emotions. He urged Blaise to open up and show him the same. He didn't care if people saw him smiling at Blaise. Draco and Theo were great, but Dean had quickly become Blaise's best friend. And then he had gone and royally fucked it up. He did the one thing that threw it all away. The one thing that effectively ruined Dean's life, ruined his future . The one thing that brought them back to square one and caused the boy beside him to hate Blaise all over again, maybe even more so than before. And because of this, it caused Blaise to hate himself. But what he had done he felt was right at the time. Something that needed to be done, and to this day he still thought it needed to be done. But it didn't make him feel any better for actually doing it and ruining the greatest friendship he'd ever had. "How are you?" Blaise said hesitantly, his eyes not straying from the boy beside him. Dean flinched, obviously unhappy with Blaise's attempt at a conversation. But Dean was anything but rude, so he responded with a quick, "Fine," and hoped that Blaise would catch the hint. Blaise did, and with a sigh he looked forward. His expression remained impassive, but inside another piece of him broke. "No way!" the shout of two different voices rang through the room, causing every head to swivel to the left. Standing in front of two seats facing one another were none other than Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy. Both boys were glaring heavily at one another as their faces started to heat up with anger. Draco turned on the Headmistress, his eyes wide and nostrils flared. "There's no way i'm sitting next to the Boy-Who-Just-Doesn't-Know-How-To-Die! Are you out of your damn mind, woman?!" "Don't you dare talk to her like that, Malfoy!" Harry