Name: The bravest Pair: Hermione Granger / Sirius Black Rated: M Summary: Harry Potter died and a dystopia spread through the Wizarding World. When the few surviving light warriors begin to die, the remaining Order of the Phoenix creates a ritual. Only the bravest in heart will complete the task and free the world from the future chaos. [Time travel, HG/SB, rated M for sex and language]. Note: Hi! Obviously, I am not JK Rowling and we all know that. I started reading on since 2009, but I only made an account in 2011. I am completely addicted to fanfictions and especially those that Hermione is the main character. We all agree that Harry would have died a long time ago without our dear bookworm. I've been thinking of writing a new fanfic for a couple of months. If you look at my profile, you'll probably be a bit disappointed; I already posted some fics and did not continue to write it. I had a block and I plan to write them again as soon as the inspiration comes back. But for now, I'm 100% focused on "The Bravest" I absolutely love time travel. I admit I'm a bit boring when it comes to fanfiction. For example, for a while, I'd read any time travel fanfic, but now I've just been getting a little more ... judicious, I suppose. Time loops irritate me a lot and I HATE when Hermione goes back in time and does not change anything at all. I do not think it's believable that our favorite witch could let everyone die again. She would die trying. Now, I understand the whole logic of the time ... The past you return to has already been premeditated and therefore, no matter how hard you try, things will just happen. However, I've never been in love with Turn-time fanfictions anyways. I'm trying to not be as cliché as possible, but it's kind hard, there are so many fics out there! Anyway, I hope you like the first chapter! A specially thank you for my betas: Jesmaile Carol. You have been very helpful. And of course, to Hawna! Without you I wouldn't been posting it since English is not my first language. Really. Updated: 01/31/17 Chapter 1 - I'm coming with you. October 19 – 1996 The clatter of potions being brewed and the occasional hushed conversation were the only sounds to be heard in the sixth year NEWT potions class. The class was was nearing its end, with the different odors mixing in the atmosphere, intoxicating the room. Slughorn seemed to revel in it. In the back corner of the room, a witch with bushy curls snorted with dissatisfaction. She had been following the books instructions exactly, and yet it seemed his potion was once again turning out much better than hers. Her hair seemed to grow thicker as her anger continued to increase. Biting the inside of her cheek, Hermione had to make a conscious effort to keep from swearing aloud at her best friend. Harry was officially on a whole new level of annoying. Looking back at her own cauldron, she saw that her potion was to the textbooks specifications exactly, and yet, looking at Harry's potion she could see that the rosy shade was just a tad lighter than hers. How was this possible?! Hermione found herself once again cursing that Half-blood Prince! Looking around the room, Hermione could see her classmates potions either looked similar to hers, or as was the case with Neville, was totally off the mark. Why couldn't that boy follow the simplest of instructions? Sighing as she tried to straighten out her hair - it didn't make any difference, of course… Why was she even trying? - Hermione turned her attention to Neville and tried, without positive results, to help him fix his potion. However, as much as she tried to look away from the Boy-Who-Lived, she just couldn't. In that moment, she wanted nothing more than to hex him. Hermione simply could not take it anymore! Harry was becoming completely insufferable. So much so that she couldn't stand to be in the same room as him. It was just so unfair ! For years she had been working so hard to be the very best. Now because of that crappy book (after all, who was the Half-blood Prince?), Harry had managed to become the best student in the potions class. "Your mother would be so proud!" Slughorn would say. It wasn't like she was jealous. Ok, maybe a little, but if he has become this good at potions on his own, without cheating, she wouldn't have minded quite so much. She watched on in anger as Slughorn presented him with his prize, the Felix Felicia potion. It was just so bloody unfair! After Harry had managed to produce the best Draught of Living Death that Slughorn had ever seen ( Your mother would be so proud Mr. Potter, so proud!) Hermione wasted no time in leaving the dungeons. She couldn't stand it any longer than she absolutely had to. Trembling slightly with rage, the brain of the Golden Trio stalked off to the only place she felt could let go of that anger. The library. When she walked in the doors, Hermione could only smile. The scent of old parchment flooded her senses and for the first time that day, she felt at peace. She passed Madame Pince, moving to the back of the library. She glanced back at the librarian to make sure she was preoccupied, before sliding behind a dusty shelf and into the restricted section. It was a lucky thing she had discovered this secret passage. She wasn't entire sure when exactly she had started making a habit of sneaking into the restricted section. Probably sometime during fourth year after Harry's name came out of the Goblet of Fire. Hermione had begun to look for books that could have any benefit to Harry. After all, how could she help her best friend if she didn't have some knowledge of where to look? Bad times were coming. When Cedric's lifeless body had appeared next to Harry's, she knew things would become vastly different. In fact, those events seemed to have been the ending of her childhood. Not that she had ever enjoyed a normal childhood. Merlin knew that since her first year at Hogwarts, her life had become anything but normal. However, with the commencement of the Triwizard Tournament, Hermione had known that her life would take on a totally new course. For the first time in her life, Hermione Granger was saddened to be proved right. Their fifth year had been terrible. Umbridge had done everything she could to make their lives even more difficult. Unfortunately for her, her plans for their Defence Against the Dark Arts class, and by extension the Ministries plans for Hogwarts, had completely backfired after ousting Dumbledore and trying to sentence him to Azkaban. With the end of the year looming, Hermione had barely felt prepared enough to receive an E in her OWLs, forget about what was waiting for the outside of Hogwarts. If anyone had asked her how she had felt watching the centaurs take that troll disguised as a woman through the Forbidden Forest, she would have said she felt badly about it. Of course, anyone who really knew her could tell that she would be lying. After all, Umbridge deserved much worse in her opinion. The odious woman had threatened Harry for Merlin's sake! As if it couldn't have gotten any worse, Sirius had died. She had warned Harry it must be a trap, but had he listened to her? Of course not. But being his best friend, she couldn't very well have let him go in there alone. When Dolohov had hit her with that purple fire, she had thought for a moment that she was most certainly going to die before everything had gone black. When she woke up, it was to Remus at her bedside in the hospital wing telling her Sirius was dead. At that moment, the only thing Hermione could think about was how truly unfair it all was. After spending 12 long years locked away in Azkaban, Sirius had then lived as a prisoner in his childhood home, only to die and fall through the veil. Hermione hated Bellatrix Lestrange more than anyone else, with the possible exception of Voldemort himself. She had never been terribly close with Sirius, but he had always had a special place in her heart. He was Harry's godfather, and had suffered a great deal. From a terrible childhood homelife, to the deaths of his dear friends Lily and James, to Azkaban, to becoming a prisoner in that home full of horrible memories. Sirius deserved good things and yet, his life had been one horrible event after another. After learning of his death, Hermione had promised herself that she wouldn't let Harry suffer needlessly anymore. He didn't deserve it. Because of this new goal, secret trips to the restricted section had become more frequent as she concentrated on more and more on defensive magic. When they had begun their sixth year, Harry had started taking private lessons with Dumbledore. Their Headmaster had begun showing Harry memories of Tom Riddle's childhood and youth. Naturally, Harry had shared everything with Ron and herself. Voldemort had created Horcruxes. When Harry had shared this bit of information with the other two members of the Golden Trio, she hadn't quite understood the severity of it. So that very night, breaking a few dozen school rules, the know-it-all had gone back to the library. What was a Horcrux? What was the purpose of one? She had to know! Hermione spent days struggling to find a book that would hold the answers. When she found, she could swear her heart dropped into her stomach. Voldemort had managed to become, for all intents and purposes, would have to destroy every one of them if they even wanted a fair chance of killing him. If they didn't, this bloody war would never end. May 2-1998 "I'm coming with you." She wanted to go with him. Merlin only knew how badly she wanted to. Being the hero that he always was, Harry had prevented her from going. Now, the world was falling apart around her. Harry Potter was dead. When Hermione had erased her parents memories and sent them to Australia, she had felt like the world had simply stopped. It was as if a dementor had sucked all the happiness from her body. Like she would be unhappy for the rest of her life. She could remember coming back to the Burrow and how much she had cried with Ginny as her heart broke. In the midst of hunting Horcruxes, she and Ron had long conversations while Harry was out keeping watch and being a cranky prat or else asleep. With his loving and kind words and awkward hugs, Ron had convinced her she had done the right thing, and that in doing so, it didn't make her a terrible daughter. Obliviating her parents had saved them from an inescapable death or a future filled with torture. She couldn't imagine her parents ending up brain dead lying next to Frank and Alice Longbottom in St. Mungo's. She couldn't even stand to think about it. What she had done was right and no matter how much it hurt, they were able to enjoy a full life. They were alive. However, Harry was not. Somehow it seems to hurt even more than obliviating her parents. Merlin only knew how. Curses flew by her head, and she responded with a speed and strength she hadn't known she possessed. It was the end. That day they would decide who would win. Conjuring a powerful Anapneo, Hermione watched emotionless, as the air was removed from the Death Eater's lungs. She watched as the life slowly dimmed from his eyes. She didn't