"Mary Alice Brandon, I am not downloading another dating app." "Be serious, Bella. It's 2015. This is how men and women meet each other nowadays." "It just seems so . . . " I struggled for a moment to find the right word. ". . . impersonal. How can you tell anything about a person by a few pictures?" "You can see if how they dress, how fit they are, where they've been . . . it's just to get a foot in the door. It's how you start a conversation." I lowered my voice to a frat boy drawl. "It's how you know girls are down to —" Suddenly the hotel manager stood in front of my desk, tapping her high-heeled foot. Lauren Mallory was five feet, eight inches of terrifying woman. As the hotel manager and my boss, much of my job involved kissing her ass. Not gabbing on the phone to my best friend. "— down to stay at our establishment, Mr. Brandon," I continued. "We consistently earn five stars on Yelp and great ratings on TripAdvisor. Our many amenities include a spa and beauty salon on site, which many women enjoy." Lauren folded her arms. I held up a finger and smiled sweetly, mouthing, One minute. "The Wicked Bitch of the West, I presume," Alice giggled. "I'll talk to you later." "We at the Olympic Hotel are looking forward to your stay, sir. Have a good day." I hung up the phone and sheepishly turned back to Lauren. "Sorry, Ms. Mallory. I was just telling Mr. Brandon about our services here. He's planning a twentieth anniversary trip for his wife." "Right, well . . . redirect him to the front desk next time. You're busy enough as it is." Doing your job , I thought darkly after she had gone. It was true. There were a number of events at the hotel coming up this month, and much of the planning had been dropped on my plate. It was clear to me and the rest of the staff that Lauren landed this job because of her connections. Her uncle had been an early investor in the Olympic when it started. She didn't care about she did. I sighed. One day I would be my own boss. It was going to be a long road, but I was hopeful. When I was sure Lauren wasn't around, I texted Alice. You and me, my place after work. Bring a bottle a red. We can set up that stupid app. - B Anything for my bestie. - A "I warn you," I told Alice as she uncorked the bottle later that evening. "I will not sink to Tinder level. You know what happened last time." "The Crowleygate scandal of 2014. How could I forget?" "Crowleygate" was an unfortunate Tinder date I suffered through a year ago. The day we met, I learned Tyler was forty-five, not twenty-five years old. He was married, had two children, and expected a blowjob in the bathroom at the end of the first course. Needless to say, I ducked out before my glass of wine was empty. "This is kind of like Tinder, but it's better. I'll show you." When we were comfortable on the couch, she took my phone and navigated to the app store. I leaned in closer to read the name. "Bumble? As in bumblebee?" She shrugged. "I didn't name it." "How's this any different from Tinder?" I asked, watching her choose pictures of me from my Facebook. "You swipe like you do on Tinder," she explained. "But the match is temporary. Twenty-four hours only. It disappears forever unless you message first." "Me?" "If the girl doesn't message the guy in one day, the match disappears. Adios." I raised my eyebrows. "Wow." "It's supposed to eliminate the creeps," Alice added. "They can't message you unless you initiate it." "Hmm," I said thoughtfully. "That's interesting." She held up the phone for my inspection. I liked the pictures she chose—one of me studying abroad a few years ago in Spain, me with my elf hat from last Christmas, even a sexy shot of us from Alice's birthday trip to Punta Cana. "What do you want your profile to say?" I shrugged. "Bzzz, bzzz?" "Huh?" "You know, like a bee. Bumble. Get it?" Alice scoffed. "Come on." "You're the one who wanted to set this up. Do it. Bzzz, bzzz ." "Don't blame me if beekeeper freaks message you," she muttered, tapping away at the screen. "All right, I'm done." We held the phone between us so we could both see. It was a different format than Tinder, but had the same concept. A few pictures, a teeny description, and an estimation of how close they lived. Unfortunately, I was starting to see some familiar faces. "Alice," I whined. "This is hardly an improvement. If Tyler pops up, I'm done." "Bella, I'm trying to get you laid," she exclaimed. "It's been, what, two months?" "Three," I said tersely. "Thanks for keeping score." Three hideously long months. I met Peter in a bar with Alice one Saturday. He was a businessman, and only in town for the night. We texted occasionally after he left, but nothing major. An uncomfortably long dry spell followed his departure. One that I shouldn't have complained about so much if she was going to use it against me. "Hey, this one's cute." "He is," I agreed, watching her scroll through his pictures. His name was Edward. He was tucked between a bride and groom in the first picture, a tuxedo hugging him all the right ways. The next one had him slung over a guitar with a big pair of glasses low on his nose. We laughed at the last one, him beaming next to a Batman cosplayer at Comic Con. "I'll match," Alice decided, swiping to the right. I nodded silently. My phone vibrated not a minute later. You have a new connection! Alice refilled my wine glass. "Ball's in your court, kid." "Bella, are you kidding me? You didn't message him?" I poked at my salad to avoid her admonishing stare. "Not yet." "You only have seven more hours to do it, you know." I did know that. Bumble was kind enough to send frequent reminders that time was running out. I was starting to miss the no pressure swiping of Tinder. "How's Jasper doing?" I asked, hoping to change the subject. "Working a double," she said moodily. Alice's boyfriend was a firefighter. Sometimes they went days without seeing each other, even though he recently moved into her apartment. "Did he say what he wanted for his birthday?" "Nothing," she shrugged. "I'm thinking something low key. The guys from the station want to book a back room at a bar." I fought back a smile. If Alice had it her way, Jasper would be subject to a cake, singing, endless presents, decorations, the whole nine yards. Where she was pizzazz and excitement, he was laid back and chill. It was truly a study of contrasts. "Message him," she warned me as our lunch break came to a close. "I mean it." I was up to my ears with work for the rest of the afternoon. The Olympic was hosting a prom on Friday night and a charity brunch on Sunday morning. Lauren and I spent hours on the phone, arranging things and nailing down the schedule. After explaining what needed to be done for the evening staff, we were free to go. "Any plans for tonight, Swan?" I spun my car keys around my finger. "Netflix." Lauren chuckled at that. Despite our busy day, she was in a remarkably good mood. I quickly learned why. "Michael's taking me out to dinner tonight. His grandmother flew down to see him last month, and I think he got the rock." It was about time. I had been listening to her bitch about him not proposing to her for over a year. I flashed her a cheery smile and told her I hoped they'd be happy together. "Happy enough to leave your job," I muttered after her car pulled away. My phone buzzed from the bottom of my purse. I pulled it out and sighed. Bumble again. I only had two hours left until the match disappeared forever. Too tired to be clever, I typed a lame "Hi!" and headed for home. Bzzz, bzzz, bzzz . I looked up from my plate. It was my phone again. I assumed it was Alice asking if I sent a message. I nearly laughed. Now that she was happy, she was determined that I meet someone. I picked it up and raised my eyebrows. It wasn't Alice. Bumble happily reported that Edward had messaged me back. Hey there. - E No gross pickup line. Smooth and to the point. I liked that. What's up? - B Just having some dinner before work. You? - E I glanced at the clock. It was seven-thirty. I wondered what he did for a living. Netflix and chill , I typed, smiling at my own joke. If Netflix and chill means Netflix and stuffing my face. - B My phone buzzed almost immediately. I hear that. Nothing sexier than watching twelve hours of television with take-out. - E I laughed aloud. Sexy, indeed. I sent a few funny emojis and put the phone down to wash my plate. When I returned, there was a new message waiting for me. Edward must have been as bored as I was tonight. What are you watching? - E House of Cards , I wrote back, my eyes flashing to the computer screen. Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright were smoking together by a window. There was something very alluring about them, even if they were super fucked up. What about you? - B I'm trying to get through The Killing. My stepbrother, Emmett, is obsessed with it. But I'm not liking it too much. - E Why not? - B It's so convoluted. So many red herrings. Plus the lighting is so dark, I have to wear my glasses when I watch. - E I imagined him peering at the screen through those huge frames and giggled. What do you do for work? - B I'm a bartender at Emmett's place right now. At the end of the summer, I'm back to studying for my master's in teaching. - E I felt myself nodding, always impressed with people who went back to school, before I realized he couldn't see me. With my phone in hand, I grabbed a blanket and settled on the couch. I sat for a moment to think about my next message, then started to type. "Ohhh, so that's what you've been up to all week," Alice was saying on Thursday. "Messaging the Bumble man." "Edward," I corrected when I finished chewing. "And he's really nice." "Let me see," she demanded, holding out her hand. I sighed, passed over the phone, and went back to my sandwich. "You're both so nerdy," she laughed, scrolling through the messages. "Who gets into an argument about pizza toppings?" I shrugged. "We do, I guess." It was fun and diverting to message Edward this week. He came through as a very charming but genuine man. I learned he wanted to teach high school history. He was allergic to tree nuts, chose strawberry as his favorite ice cream flavor, enjoyed working at the bar, and— "He wants to meet you?" "Yeah. He's working on Saturday night, but he said I should drop by." "Which bar is it? Hey, why haven't you replied?" I paused. "I don't know if I should, Alice. He's nice over the app and all, but what if it's too good to be true? If this turns into Bumblegate—" "No 'gate' business here," Alice said firmly. "I'll go with you. Besides, he'll be working. It's not like he can insist on a blowjob in the bathroom with a dozen customers waiting