Hiya! Well, here it is my first fanfiction story! I'm still new to and I'm going to apologize now in case I make some mistakes. I'll probably bold my author's notes so they stand out from the rest of the story. Feel free to review my story, and if you have any ideas for where the story can go next, I'm always open to suggestions! I'll try to upload a chapter once a week so look out for chapter two next Friday! Well without further ado let's start *Disclaimer- I do not own anything in this story except for my OC, the Percy Jackson universe belongs to Rick Riordan* Chapter 1- Ahh Sweet Ignorance It was a beautiful day. The sun was shining, the birds were singing, Luke was ripping off the wooden siding on our poor cabin eleven. I jumped off my bunk. Lucky me, I had only been at Camp Half-Blood for two years, but after some of our campers left when they got older, I stole the top bunk from some unclaimed kid who was next on the waiting list. Evil? Partially, but hey I used to sleep on the floor near the door and I swear, those snakes wouldn't shut up. Let me explain, I'm a half-blood son of Hermes, God of travelers, merchants, thieves and many more! Hermes has a caduceus which is his symbol of power. The caduceus is basically a big stick with wings and two snakes (I know sounds so magical) I assume because the snakes are part of his symbol of power I can understand what most snakes are saying, and believe me it gets really annoying. Imagine hearing, "Rats, I want rats" or "Human toes taste really good" or even "I'm right outside the window" in the middle of the night. Just so you know snakes are real attention hogs, (even more so than the Aphrodite campers) and, unfortunately, snakes like to spout random words out of their mouths so you know where they're hiding even when you don't want to know. Thanks Dad! I wonder if Athena's kids can hear what owls or olive branches are saying. Huh, I'm going to have to ask Annabeth later. As I walked towards the door of the cabin I nearly tripped on some camper's stuff. Recently we had an influx of unclaimed campers make it to Camp Half-Blood and unfortunately for the Hermes cabin, that meant things were getting even more cramped. "Hey Luke, I can't help noticing you seem a little, um, agitated." I tried not to avert my gaze when he looked at me. I didn't want to make him angry because there was this giant gash that ran up from his jaw to his right eye. Luke had recently come back from a quest to retrieve the golden apple from some giant dragon in some magical garden. He didn't tell me the details, but I assumed the dragon got ahold of him and slashed up his face. Luke was by far the coolest guy I'd ever met, and I was super happy when it turned out I was his half-brother. But every since he came back from his quest he seemed to have changed. He seemed to radiate a quiet anger, and by saying the wrong thing he could easily turn on you. He sat down and motioned for me to sit down next to him, so I did "Shouldn't you be picking strawberries with the rest of the cabin?" Luke asked me. "Well yeah, but I didn't want to, so I left. And we're in the same cabin so shouldn't you be there as well?" Luke snickered, but his face quickly hardened. "I'm sick of this place" Luke started. "Look around Tony, everyone at this camp pities me. This camp is just a reminder that I failed my quest. It was a job that someone already had completed, but I couldn't do it, and that means I'm not even as strong as the heroes before me. I was used Tony, Hermes only sent me to be an entertainment for the gods. I don't want to be used like that." Every time Luke said Hermes's name it was if he was spitting vile poison. I stretched my legs out. I didn't know how Luke felt, personally I'd never hated the gods because they'd never done anything to me. I didn't know Hermes's true intentions, but I doubted he sent Luke on a quest just to be entertainment. Mind you I didn't know my father all that well, I'd only met him once, and I don't even remember it that well, I was trying not to let myself be killed by fire-breathing demons. "Man Luke," I said, "I don't know how you feel, the gods have never done anything to me so I don't hate them but I don't worship them either." "That's the point," Luke said I stared blankly at him, "I'm. wait.. What?" "What I mean is the gods have never done anything for you. Hermes is our father and he's never helped us like fathers should. How many times have you asked him for help and he never answered. He abandoned me. He abandoned us. I could tell Luke was getting really angry he never ranted this long. I was getting into dangerous territory. Was his resentment reasonable, yeah, I kind of agree with some of what he said. "Hey," I said, "Hermes didn't abandon us. You know how I know that because every year on our birthdays he sends Hermes shipping express coupons. Buy one get one free multi-vitamins, Prime membership- deliveries in only five minutes!" When in doubt try to make a situation funny. Note to self when Luke is angry, don't use humour. "Tony, did those coupons ever save your life when you ran away from home and travelled to Camp Half-Blood?" I must have looked hurt because Luke apologized for bringing that subject up. We sat in silence for a few minutes before Luke started up again. "All I'm saying is the gods could spend five seconds out of their schedules to at least claim their kids and let them know that they were wanted. Sometimes I just feel like Olympus needs to be torn down brick by brick and be rebuilt, better than before." "Careful what you say, Luke," I said as thunder rolled in the distance. As if to prove his point he ripped off another chunk of wood off of the cabin and chucked it on the ground. What Luke said really creeped me out. I had never hated the gods that much. Sure, I felt miffed sometimes when our cabin was filled to the brim with unclaimed kids, or when I really needed Hermes's help and he never answered my prayers. But tear down Olympus brick by brick angry. Nah, I don't think I've ever felt that angry in my life. Well maybe once, but unless that woman is here, I'll never feel that mad again. There was a moment of awkward silence, and I could just make out the sounds of the lava climbing wall. Man, I hate that thing. Silence. Serious situations really start to creep me out. One time Clarisse was trying to be super serious like, and I was messing around, like usual, and so she dyed my blonde hair green for like three weeks. Oh, but I got back at her by cursing her so every time she opened a bag of skittles she would only get purple ones. I don't think she ever found out it was me. Petty? Yes maybe. I've heard that my sharp nose and upturned eyebrows suit me, apparently, they make me look mischievous, and if that's what the ladies want then, hey, I can't complain now can I? Anyway, Luke was staring all forlorn like, and I was getting really fidgety, so I proposed that we go to the arena to sword fight. Haha, what was I thinking. Me, plus Luke, plus swords, equals ouchie. As we walked down towards the arena, I couldn't help noticing all the stares we were getting. Some campers I didn't know too well apologized to Luke. He smiled at them, but I could tell it was a forced smile. Under that mask was someone who was really angry. And guess who was the lucky guy he got to take his anger out on with swords. Lucky Me. Yay! When we finally arrived at the arena I unsheathed my two wicked cool celestial bronze daggers. I know what you're thinking, two why does he have two daggers that makes no sense. My logic, two heads are better than one, two apples are better than one, two packages of skittles are better than one, so logically two daggers are better than one. Except I can't hold a shield with both my hands busy, and that totally weakens my defense. Don't tell anyone, but the real reason I use two daggers is because I'm physically too weak to hold a shield and move at the same time. If I'm holding a shield I kind of just stand there like a turtle. What I lack in strength, however, I make up for in speed so most of the time I never get hit by anything. Unless I'm not paying attention. Speed is way cooler than physical strength anyway, I can zoom past people and be all like whoosh, bam, zap, pow, and no one sees me coming. I'm also really good at poker because I totally don't cheat or anything like that, Nah, that would be like stealing, and stealing is bad. You detect sarcasm right? Okay good, moving on… Unfortunately for me, Luke is a well-rounded swordsman. He's quick, physically strong, and cunning. I dodged his swipes by jumping backwards for a few minutes, but I didn't want to attack him just yet, or he would disarm me. Sadly in a couple of minutes, he had disarmed me anyways and had jabbed me in the left arm. "Oww," I whined. Luke sighed, "Geez Tony you need to stay focused or you're going to get killed by some monster in a mere matter of seconds. Let's try that again." And so that was the tale of how poor Anthony Carelli, was stuck sparring with some terrifying, sword-obsessed monster until he was saved by a heroic centaur ringing the dinner bell. We headed back to the cabin. I pulled on a new orange camp-half blood shirt and fell into line. Luke the counsellor was at the front of the line, as he was the oldest and had been here the longest. He had only been here for three years, and apparently before Luke came a lot of the older demigods left the cabin to pursue their own dreams in life. It was kind of weird, the older demigods just left in waves and never came back. Behind Luke was Ethan Nakamura, an angry unclaimed kid who had only been here a few months before me. He was the one who I stole the bunk from. Behind Ethan were a few Hermes kids, Chris Rodriguez, and Kiara Fallaway and then a bunch of unclaimed kids who I didn't know very well.I know I know, they were in the same cabin, but I usually hung out with the Hermes kids. The unclaimed always seemed so sad and depressed and like I said before I'm not good in serious situations. I was behind Kiara, as I had been here for two years, I first came when I was thirteen. I barely survived my journey to camp, (how was I supposed to know that cell phones attracted monsters?) I'm just saying a guidebook called So you have learned you are a demigod: a survival guide, would really have helped me. Behind me were Connor and Travis Stoll, pranksters extraordinaire, sometimes I joined in on their pranks sometimes I didn't. After Connor and Travis were a bunch of unclaimed kids that I