Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games and am making no money from this. This story, like most Hunger Games stories I've read will be told from various points of view. As normal, I'll note when they change. Glimmer I wake up in a hospital bed. Funny thing is, I'm not sure why I'm in a hospital. I don't remember going into a hospital; heck, I don't remember needing any medical attention at all. So what's the deal? Ok, let's see… I remember the arena (damn, of all the things to forget why can't it be that?), we'd blown the shield, the hovercraft had landed like promised and we all got on (with an extra Career girl even), we took off, they used this EMP machine to disable our trackers (or so they said, the machine didn't do anything that I could see) and then it gets hazy. I don't remember landing, so something must have happened on the flight. Hmm, wait, I remember being poked with something. Those assholes! They drugged me! All right, so drugged and operated on: that's a bad start. I need to stay calm, try and figure out what they did to me and then get out of here. I look down and see a tube running into my arm: an IV line. It might just be fluids, but I rip it out either way. I was fine before I got on that stupid hovercraft, as far as I'm concerned I don't need whatever they're trying to put in me. There's a bandage over my right forearm. It's right where they stuck the tracker in me, so I'm guessing they removed it, but I need to be sure. I peel off the bandage and find pure, untouched skin underneath. Not a mark, not a blemish, not even a sign of the hole the tracker made when they stuck it in me. All right, so it seems like it's gone and they have the same stuff to not leave scars the Capitol does. Well, assuming I'm not in the Capitol and this is all some mind game. Either way, I can't afford to just lie in bed. A quick check and I know for sure there aren't any other signs of injuries or surgical stuff. I'm sure there's a needle mark where they first drugged me, maybe others, but I don't have time to look for things that small. I need to get out of here. I get out of bed and look around. Wherever I am, I don't much like the people. It's either some Capitol facilities or whoever Haymitch works for. Snow I know sucks, Haymitch's people, well, one of the first things they did when I met some of them was to drug me, so I'm not exactly going to call them friends either. I need a weapon. Hospitals are full of knives and fun things like that, but they don't exactly stock patient rooms with them. No scalpels, no syringes, no traditional weapons at all. Academies teach most every weapon you can imagine, but there is also a single class in nontraditional weapons. If you know how, almost anything can be a weapon. Oh, they won't be as effective as a sword or an axe, but they don't have to be. Most people won't see something like a glass in your hand as a threat, but if you know how to use it, it absolutely is. Cup the base of the glass against your palm and thrust with the lip of the glass, preferably at the eye. Single use, but devastatingly effective. Sadly, no glasses here, just useless paper cups. Nontraditional weapons are almost never used in the Games, but I loved the course regardless. They're just so unusual, so creative that I thought the class was great. Now I'll finally get to use it. A metal tray is where I go for my weapon. It isn't much to look at, but if you swing it edge on a tray can do some damage. My preferred place is the throat, right at the larynx. It'll stun whoever I hit and they won't be able to make a sound either. I grab my weaponized tray just in time; I hear someone outside the door. I quickly hide behind the curtain around the bed and wait. Hopefully whoever comes in is around my size; this hospital gown has got to go. So take out whoever's coming in, steal their clothes, sneak out, and hopefully find my friends. Sure, no problem! Glimmer Aurum, action heroine. I'll beat the bad guys, look sexy while doing it, get the girl, save the day and live happily ever after. Yeah, I'm not buying it either. But whether it'll actually work or not, damned if I'll go quietly. The door opens and someone walks in. "Glimmer?" Wait a minute; I know that voice. "Cinna?" Ooops, probably shouldn't have said that out loud. If I'm wrong, I just blew my biggest advantage. "Glimmer? What are you doing back there?" Cinna pulls back the curtain, taking a look at my weapon and shakes his head. "If it was anyone else I think I'd laugh at the absurdity of a tray as a weapon." "They took away my sword and pole arm. And clothes." I frown. "Well, I'm afraid I can't help with the first two, but clothing, well, clothing is my specialty." Cinna hands me a bundle. I take the bundle and look to see what Cinna got me. A dress (exactly the sort of thing I'd wear) and matching heels. "Wow, Cinna, you're the best." "I'm glad you like it." "Sure. But um, where exactly are we? And where are the others? And how'd you get here?" "Katniss is next door, the room to your right to be specific. She should be waking up any time now. Gale will be out a bit longer I'm told. As for the rest, Haymitch is better suited to answer those questions." Answers from Haymitch. Yeah, right. "All right, thanks Cinna." Even if Haymitch won't answer anything seeing Katniss again will be good, and after that we can find Gale and get answers whether Haymitch wants us to or not. I dress quickly (minimalist clothing is great for that) and head out to find Katniss. I probably need to run a comb through my hair and some makeup would be great, but for now just plain dressed is a big enough upgrade to keep me happy. Properly dressed, I head out of the room. Outside it a corridor, exactly what you'd expect for a hospital. Nurses, random medical equipment, disinfectant smell, all the wonderful medical wonders they fill these places with. I can't get out fast enough. One room to the right is my destination, and that's where I find Katniss. She's already up and looking around the room, same as I was doing just a minute ago. Difference is, she doesn't know improvised weapons. I'll have to rectify that soon. "Glimmer?" Katniss asks, looking at me. "Yep, it's me, Katniss." I smile, striking a pose. "What's going on? Where are we? And where did you find a dress and heels in a hospital?" "Cinna dropped off the clothes, the rest, no clue. Supposedly Haymitch will explain the rest." "Oh." I don't think Katniss is convinced about Haymitch explaining things any more than I am. "What about Gale and the others, any idea about them?" "Supposedly Gale's still out for a bit, no idea about the others." "What about clothes? I don't see any around here…" Katniss looks around the room and I suddenly am reminded of an important feature of hospital gowns: they have no back. "Oooh, cute butt, Katniss!" I tease, grinning. "Glimmer!" Katniss gasps, covering her bare butt with her hands and turning to face me. "You don't show off often, it's good to see. Heck, I think this is the first time I'm actually wearing more than you. It's quite a change." "That's not funny, Glimmer." "Imagine Gale's reaction if he could see this." "Geez, Glimmer, he's upset enough as it is. He really didn't like the kissing stuff." "I don't see what he's so upset about; it's not like he's your boyfriend or something." "You're the one who kept telling me we should get together. Practically every day on the phone in fact." "And nothing ever came of it, so as I see it, he's got no cause to complain. If he wanted to be your first kiss he should have done something about it." "Somehow I don't think he sees it quite the same way, Glimmer." "And I'm sure I'll hear all about it from him. But I don't feel bad about what happened, and neither should you, Katniss." "I didn't until I had to explain it to Gale, and then it felt like we did something wrong; like we betrayed him almost." "Look, Katniss, did you enjoy it? Did you have fun?" "Well, yeah." Katniss blushes. Cute as ever. "That's all that matters then. Now unless you want to see how Gale reacts to that hospital gown I'll go get Cinna." "I'll hold out for clothes from Cinna, thanks." "Oh well, Gale's loss for missing out on that cute butt." Katniss After I'm dressed properly, Glimmer and I head into Gale's room. He's in a bed with some tube running into his arm just like I had, but unlike me he's still asleep. I turn to Glimmer to ask her if we should wake him up just in time to see her throw a pillow at Gale's head. "Hey! Wake up!" Well I guess she thinks Gale's slept enough. "Huh? What? What's going on?" Gale snaps awake, looking around. "Katniss? Glimmer? Where are we?" "Hospital." I answer. "A hospital? What the hell are we doing in a hospital?" Gale looks himself over, quickly keying in on the bandage over his arm in the exact same place I had one. "Best I can guess they pulled our trackers." Glimmer answers. Gale peels off the bandage. "No scar left. Actually, I don't have any scars at all, and I used to." "It's probably a body polish. It's a Capitol thing Katniss and I got when we became Victors. Got to make everyone all nice and pretty, after all." "So we're in the Capitol?" "We don't actually know." I reply. "We know Cinna's here, that's how we got the clothes, and supposedly Haymitch is here and will explain things, but that's about all we know." "Except that they took our weapons." Glimmer frowns. "Well fuck. Soon as we gain any ground someone's there to take it away, aren't they." Gale grumbles. "You've gained plenty of ground." Haymitch walks into the room. "Then how about returning our weapons to us." Gale suggests. "You don't need weapons here." "And just where is here?" I ask. "District 13." "District 13 was destroyed." "No it wasn't, that was just a cover story. District 13 made a deal with the Capitol." "What kind of deal?" Gale wants to know. "Do any of you know what District 13 made?" "Graphite. Like the shit in pencils or something?" Gale replies. "Yeah, they made that, and that's the official story. But what they really specialized was nuclear weapons." "We've got nukes? Great, this rebellion will be over in time for dinner." "It's not that simple. The Capitol has its own nukes. If 13 fired on the Capitol, the Capitol would fire on all the districts, and vice versa. So in effect, it's like no one has nukes. Back during the first rebellion, the Capitol agreed to let 13 disappear. They'd bomb the surface and all of 13 would be underground." "So they just up and quit?" I ask. Seriously, these are the great allies against the Capitol Haymitch couldn't tell us about? "Well yeah, but that's old news. They're back now, and they're fighting the Capitol with us." "Oh, well that's ok then! They're with us now. It's