Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games and am making no money from this. This story, like most Hunger Games stories I've read will be told from various points of view. As normal, I'll note when they change. Katniss I wake up with the sun, just like every day. All my life I've had to fight to survive, and all my life I've had a partner. In District 12 when I had to fight starvation it was Gale at my side. We partnered together for years, and even though we never got that far ahead, we did what we set out to do: we kept our families fed, clothed and warm. In the Games I partnered with Glimmer, and even if it was uneasy at first and she likes teasing me too much, we worked, and just like my other partnership, we did what we set out to do: we won the Games. And just like my partnership with Gale, we didn't really get ahead. Yes, I'm Katniss Everdeen, one of the two Victors of the 74th Hunger Games. And yes, as a Victor I live in a mansion in Victor's Village, I have more money than I could ever hope to spend in ten lifetimes, and I'm not required to work or go to school. All that makes for an easy life. Unfortunately, that's also the problem. My life is the sort of life where it doesn't actually matter if I do anything or not. Sure, if I die the money vanishes, the house is taken away and my family's back in our tiny house in the Seam, penniless and trying not to starve again, but that's setting the bar low. I have to keep breathing. That's it. That's literally all I have to do to keep my family clothed, fed and with a massive roof over their heads. In a strange sort of way I'm useless, and I honestly have no idea how to deal with that. Ever since my dad died so many years ago I've had to always work, always do everything I possibly could to just stay alive and keep my family that way. Now it's different. I still go out into the woods and hunt, but it's for Gale's sake and for something to do. Every morning I wake up and go into the woods, but while I do still carry my bow I don't really use it much. I'm there as much because I enjoy it as anything; I walk, I reminisce, I spend time just enjoying nature. In general I manage to burn several hours and wander home for lunch. (Alone. I miss lunch with Madge, even if I had to rely on her pity for food at times.) After lunch I tend to spend time in my greenhouse. The greenhouse isn't a standard accessory for houses in Victor's Village; mine was built just after I moved into the house. Officially it's to help grow herbs for my mother's healing and apothecary supplies and more than a few flowers for Prim. Unofficially it's the only part of my house that's free of Capitol listening devices and so the only place that was suitable for a secured phone line. I'm sure this phone can call other secure phones somewhere or other, but mine only gets one use: Glimmer and I use it to talk. I'm not a talkative person by nature, but since Prim was reaped my life's gotten complicated; complicated enough that it really does help to talk to someone. That used to be Gale, but I can't bring myself to discuss a lot of things with him. I haven't really talked about any of what happened at the Capitol, and the problems I have now. I just don't think he'd want to hear about them. He may act sympathetic enough, but really, Gale listening to someone complain about having all this money and not needing to work? Or how I have this huge mansion and feel useless? These just are not the sort of problems Gale can relate to, and no matter how close a friendship we may have I just don't see him managing anything close to what I need here. Besides, Gale has his own problems. Fighting off starvation may be in the past for me, but it's still his everyday life. And as if that weren't enough he has to face the mines soon; a horror I'm not sure I could handle. Ever since my father died I've had issues with being underground. On the train to the Capitol is was uncomfortable going through a tunnel, but years before we had a school field trip to the mines. I just couldn't handle it; I broke down crying as soon as they took us down the elevator and had to be taken back up to the surface. Gale doesn't break down like I did, but I know he doesn't like it either. The worst part is he doesn't have to do it. I have more than enough money to support his entire family along with mine and still have piles and piles of money left, but he refuses to take a dime. I understand it's a matter of pride and a matter of not wanting to owe me, but I wish he'd see it from my side at least a bit. But that's not Gale. Glimmer's problems are generally similar to my own, but while I feel sort of useless, with her it's anger. A lot of it. She hasn't said a lot of specifics (honestly she generally uses the phone just to vent to me) but I get the impression that her homecoming was not exactly warm. One thing neither of us has talked about is the appointments; Snow's nice safe name for his program of making whores of Victors. Literally. Glimmer and I have no choice in the matter (Snow technically giving us an unthinkable alternative doesn't count) and the start of the appointments is coming soon. In not very long at all the train will come for the Victory Tour, the exercise of showing Victors off to each and every district. It happens half a year after the Games and exists to remind everyone who's in charge and what they can do, ending in a big celebration in the Capitol. At least that's normally it; this year there's more. Every twenty five years the Games have a Quarter Quell, a Games with new rules to show everyone just how extra specially evil the Capitol can be when it wants to. This year is year seventy five so we get to be props on stage for President Snow when he unseals the list of this year's horrors. And then after all that fun we get rented out as sex slaves for the night. Well, I hope it's one night, but Snow did say it would be whenever he commanded, so I'm not getting my hopes up for just one night as a Capitol whore. I blink and look around, suddenly realizing I'm already in the woods; I just zoned out through all of breakfast and my trip here. That sort of thing happens to me more than I'd like to admit when I'm alone. I've never particularly felt the need to have people around, but I always had one or two there. Now that I spend large amounts of time with no one I realize how important having someone around can be. Endless hours alone can get you to do weird things like talk to yourself. I spend the next few hours strolling through the woods, enjoying being outside (both out of the house and out of the fence) It seems silly, but this lets me pretend for a few hours a day there's no fence keeping us in like livestock, no starvation, no poverty, no Capitol, no Games. It may be just a fantasy, but it keeps me going. Along the way I take time out for some target practice with my bow. Nothing living, that would be wasteful. I don't need the game, and anything I kill now is one less thing to kill with Gale who actually does need the game. So I just pick random objects for targets, just enough to keep myself entertained and my skills sharp. Eventually the sun's high in the sky and I'm getting hungry so I head back home for lunch. Most of the time my mother is out seeing patients, so I'm alone in the house. I used to eat lunch with Madge in school. Neither of us tended to say much, so you'd think eating alone would be similar. It isn't. The only upside is that not having missed a meal in almost half a year and having enough food that there's always some leftover has been good for my body. I've grown taller, put on muscle tone, even my breasts have filled out more. I may not match Glimmer's conditioning and certainly don't see ever matching her figure, but I'm a far cry from the half starved Seam rat I was six months ago. After I finish eating I rinse the plates off and put them in the dishwasher (what an absurd luxury. A year ago I never even dreamed machines like this existed) and check the time. Seeing that it's almost two in the afternoon I head out to the greenhouse. Inside I take out a headset from a hidden panel and insert in into my ear. It's small enough that no one who happens to walk by will see it, but operates like a normal phone. I start watering the plants and wait for my ally against the Capitol to call (we alternate days. Today it's her turn to call me.) Within a few minutes I hear the headset beeping in my ear and I push a button on it to answer. "Hello." I greet. "Heya, Katniss." Glimmer replies over the phone. "How you doing?" "Same as ever. Still the bored goose laying golden eggs. You?" "Same as always. Prisoner in a district that hates me. Though I got a long cord on this thing, today I think I'll lounge out by the pool while talking. Big changes in District 1, huh?" "Sounds as fun as here. We really need to talk to other Victors and see what the heck they do all day. Just keeping up skills out of force of habit and playing video games is not exactly much of a life." It was Glimmer who introduced me to video games. Apparently they're one of the luxuries District 1 makes for the Capitol. They don't have them here in 12, so Glimmer had to send me some. They're a lot more fun than I ever imagined and eat up a lot of my evenings and nights. (Since it doesn't really matter if I go to bed early or not, I've stayed up way late on more than one occasion.) "Well I know Haymitch drinks and morphling addiction is popular in 6…" I suggest. "Oh yeah, sign me up." "There's really nothing there? I know the Academy's out, but could you do something on your own? Start some competing Academy? Maybe take on a student or something?" "I wish. It was the Academy that started the whole 'Glimmer's Not a Real Victor' campaign. By the time I stepped off the train it was going strong. The crowd had as many hecklers as fans. That was all the proof I needed. At this point anyone who's ever dreamed of volunteering in the Games has been told I'm not an example to follow. The Victor who didn't deserve to win. The Victor that couldn't handle it on her own so had to team up with a loser district. The Victor who no one would be caught dead talking to. Hell, sometimes I barely get service when I go to a store or restaurant. Nobody's going to sign to anything that has my name associated