Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games and am making no money from this. This story, like most Hunger Games stories I've read will be told from various points of view. As normal, I'll note when they change. Katniss Winters in 12 were always hard. It was cold, it snowed, game was scare, and on a lot of days it was either storming or just plain too cold to go out and hunt. Gale and I always had to prepare for winter months in advance; get ahead on supplies, hunt extra to trade for things we'd need, have extra food stockpiled, and even then it was a gamble. If winter ran long or was a bad one by the end we'd be in rough shape. This winter has been nothing like that. It's been my first winter spent outside District 12; actually, I'm outside any district, not even in Panem technically I guess. Last year we set up in this old city called Charleston, abandoned since the Dark Times. It's far from the nearest district too. I think the closest one is 11, and that's something like three hundred miles away. It might as well be on the other side of the planet though; Charleston feels like a whole different world from Panem and its districts. Charleston is too far south to get snow. Actually, it doesn't even get below freezing that much. And food? Not a problem at all. Our deal to get extra food from 10 has held, so we've had no shortage of meat. Our house is in good shape too. The roof was fixed, the walls patched, foundation fixed up, all that kind of stuff got done, and before it started to get cold too. The inside is even sort of fixed. I mean, there's all new water pipes, electrical and vents for heat and AC and stuff, the walls even got patched, but it isn't necessarily so pretty. All the nice trim and stuff is apparently specialty work that the people we have aren't so great at. The old mansion Glimmer picked out for us has a ton of that too. It doesn't really bother me that much (ok, maybe a little). Glimmer did her theatrical grumbling though. Like we hoped, the war's basically been on hold, at least our part of it. 13 and the Capitol kept fighting, focusing on the food districts mainly, like we expected. There's been a few raids on our districts, just seeing if we could respond and defend what was ours I guess, but nothing big. We made sure the people were ready to defend themselves, and it worked fine. The war part that directly involved us has been really routine, actually. Everyday it's breakfast, hearing the latest of what's going on (not much), what we need to do (not much) and then practice. Basically the same sort of practice we've been doing since after the Victory Tour, basic conditioning stuff like running and all that, then practice with weapons. We're not trying to master every weapon anymore, just the ones we use. And of course, there's guns; those we practice with a lot. In the afternoons, well, I'm not sure what Madge and Gale do in the afternoons. War stuff probably. I don't know, look at more reports or fly to one of the districts to look over things or something? I don't know. Johanna and Enobaria are in the districts training people a lot, so maybe Madge and Gale go to check on them. Who knows? Glimmer and I bail on any stuff like that. After lunch, we don't have anything to do with the war at all. All winter, and into early spring days like today, Glimmer go out exploring in the afternoons. At first it was on foot, but after not too long it was by car. Glimmer actually taught me how to drive. We have one of those big SUV things now. We got it off a car dealership lot, and it was in pretty good shape, but it didn't drive when we found it. It took some time for Beetee to fix up, but he did a great job. He even got the sound system working for us. I guess it sounds kind of silly for a Seam rat, but I've gotten to really like having music to listen to while I drive. Cinna even redid the interior for us. I know it's silly and soft sounding, but I'm sorry, leather seats (heated ones too) are just plain nice to have. We're heading out to a place we scouted before. It's quite a few miles out, but Glimmer thought it'd have some good stuff, so we're going there now. It's my turn to drive, but I haven't gotten very far at all before I have to stop. Gale and Madge are standing in the middle of the road just a few hundred yards from our house. I open my window and poke my head out. "Um, hi. What's up, guys?" "Heya, catnip," Gale replies. "You two heading out somewhere?" "Yeah. We're just heading out to explore some." "Mind if we join you?" I look at Glimmer, who just shrugs a bit. Since she's no help I look back to Gale. "All right, hop in, I guess." Gale and Madge get in the back seat, moving the packs Glimmer and I have there into the cargo area in the back. "You two going camping or something?" Gale asks. "No, it's just stuff that's good to have, you know? Med kit, some rain gear, bit of food, water, emergency blanket, lighter, cordage, that kind of stuff," I reply. "What's all that for?" Madge wants to know. "Just stuff that's good to have. Never know when you might need it and all," Glimmer explains. "Be stupid to not go out prepared." "Where are we going anyway?" "A place a few miles away. Glimmer and I saw it on a map and wanted to check it out," I explain. "This is what you do every afternoon?" Gale looks at me. "You just wander around sightseeing?" "No Gale, we explore, yeah, but we help out a lot while doing it. Who do you think got all of Beetee's equipment to the bridge to build that power plant of his? Or scavenged all the spare parts for his big workshop? For that matter, where do you think the playground for the kids came from? We found it, we pulled it up, put it all on that trailer Beetee made for us, and we brought it back." Beetee's been busy over the winter. He made this sort of power plant thing, attached it to one of the bridges. It's sort of this hydro electric thing, works by having the river water move across it. Supposedly it isn't as good as a real dam, but it's good enough for our town. Beetee's got this big workshop too, this old converted store where all the shelves are covered in spare parts and broken tech things. I don't know what any of it is, but Glimmer and I found most of it. We even brought back the car parts for the garage he has in the back. "Ok, ok, I guess you two haven't been completely slacking off. It's not really our jobs, but it does help I guess." "We're here," Glimmer announces. She's not driving, but I'm pretty sure she wanted to cut Gale off regardless. We actually are at our destination. I've got the SUV parked right by one of the entrances to an old shopping mall. I've never been to one, but Glimmer's described them to me before, and they actually sound interesting. Lots and lots of stores, all different kinds, it sounds like a great place to find stuff. We all get out of the car, and Glimmer and I get our packs and the assault rifles we carry for this sort of thing. There's no sign of danger here, we haven't seen anything to worry us all winter in fact, but you can't be too careful. "What the heck is that?" Gale asks, pointing to my gun. It's an assault rifle, just, well, customized a bit. One night, Prim was over at our house, we were talking, joking around, normal stuff and somehow one of us thought playing with the painter's paint was a good idea. After a lot of joking and teasing my rifle ended up with some leaves and vines and stuff painted all over it. It's actually kind of pretty, honestly. Prim's a surprisingly good painter. "It's a gun, Gale." "I know, just I've never seen one that looks quite like that." "What's wrong with her gun?" Glimmer asks, carrying her own pink paint adorned gun. Gale just shakes his head. "It's fine," Madge reassures. "It's not like they're going to take those into actual combat. Wait, you two aren't, are you?" "No, of course not," I laugh. "This isn't a warzone. It's just us, so relax. It's casual here." Glimmer's right, we have treated this as casual, and that means no radios in our ears, no armor, just two girls in casual clothes. For me that means I dress basically how I did when I'd hunt out in the woods, for Glimmer it's a typical girlie outfit. It might not be what most people would think is appropriate for exploring ruins, but I love how she looks in short skirts, so I find a way to deal somehow. "Anyway, let's go. We got a great parking space, shouldn't let it go to waste." The mall is a big place, two floors and set up like a super long hallway. The second floor has the middle open, and the roof used to have skylights (the glass is long gone) so it's light enough to see as we walk around. The stores are dark, but Glimmer and I have flashlights attached to the barrels of our guns (which is really convenient), so we can still go in and see what's there. Glimmer was right, there's a lot of good stuff in this mall. There's a gift shop that has this really nice chess set all made out of some sort of fancy stone that I make a note of. Glimmer and I can pick it up later as a birthday present for Beetee. There's bookstores too, of course;bookstores are always good. We can get books from 5 and 11, but the books there are all sanitized by the Capitol. All approved stuff, almost all from after the Dark Days, and all sort of similar and boring. I guess the Capitol censors don't like variety. This stuff is about all kinds of subjects though. The books are old and a lot are in bad shape, so it's real hit or miss what can be saved, but there's enough here that we can bring a few back per week and have books for years. "Hey, Katniss, check it out," Glimmer calls from a store near the center of the mall, waving something in the air. It's a bit too far to see what it is, even with Glimmer's light on it. "They got the sequel." "Really? Great, grab a few," I reply. Old electronics are great, but sitting here for seventy-five years a lot of them don't work anymore. That's why Glimmer is putting a handful of copies into her bag. "Wait, the sequel?" Gale asks. "What is that? A movie or a video game or something?" "A video game." It actually took a lot to get old video games working. The games themselves aren't bad, and they're small, so if one doesn't work it's not a big deal to have grabbed two or three spare copies. The game machine itself though? We had to scavenge almost a dozen, and even then Beetee had to pick and choose parts and splice them together to get one machine that actually worked. "What the hell? That's why we're here, so