Disclaimer: I don't own The Hunger Games and am making no money from this. This story, like most Hunger Games stories I've read will be told from various points of view. As normal, I'll note when they change. Katniss So it's come to this; stuck in a stupid tree, with all the world watching, a pack of killers and the boy who supposedly loves me keeping me here. That's the part that irks me the most, really. Not that the Career pack found me, not that the Gamemakers turned my big Girl on Fire theme back on me, not even that so early in the Games and I'm already in big trouble, it's that Peeta, who supposedly loves me, is with them. If this was his plan then what the heck was his declaration of love for? Just some scheme to get attention and sponsors? I couldn't believe it when I heard his interview; I still don't know what to make of it. We barely know each other. How can he love me? And even if he does, what was he thinking just announcing it like that? We were on the train together, lived together on the 12th floor, he had days to tell me. So why not then? He couldn't just tell me in private on the train or when we were talking on the roof before the games? No, that would have been too easy. He had to do it on national television, a required broadcast with all of Panem watching. He couldn't even look me in the eye when he said it; I was backstage. I suppose it's a good thing I wasn't on camera; the look on my face can't have been pretty. But of course he couldn't tell me in private. This is all some scheme Haymitch dreamed up. Maybe Peeta does have some sort of weird attraction for me, but this was all part of a play for the crowd, and what I wanted really didn't matter for that. Peeta must know I want no part of any sort of relationship. It's nothing personal, Peeta's a nice enough guy and all, and I do owe him, but I'm not interested in a relationship with anyone. There's just too many other things for me to worry about in my life. Things like Prim and my mother putting food on the table so my family doesn't starve to death, making sure Gale has enough food to put on his family's table, making sure we have enough game to trade for things we can't get in the woods, making sure we keep the Peacekeepers happy so they ignore the fact that our hunting is technically a death penalty offense. Oh yeah, and the whole fight to the death I'm stuck in. I mean really, what was Peeta thinking? I suppose I'll never know, especially considering it doesn't look like I'll live much longer. And even if he really does somehow love me, how's he show it? By joining the stupid Career pack; that group of homicidal maniacs. Five of them camped out beneath me, and with Peeta it's a half dozen. If anyone had told me before the games he'd join them I'd have called them a dirty liar, but that first night of the Games I saw it for myself. The Career pack, and helping them track me down was Peeta Mellark. I just could not believe it; I darned near fell out of my tree when I saw him. Things like are why it's a smart idea to tie yourself in when you plan to sleep in trees. The Games are mandatory viewing; I've seen more than my share of death and misery in them; everyone has. As if the misery and death that's everyday life in District 12 isn't enough. I knew I'd get an even closer view of death in here. The first night I saw another tribute's fire just a hundred yards or so from my tree I knew what was coming; I knew what the Careers would be doing. And sure enough, they delivered. It was too far away to see exactly what happened, all I heard was the poor tribute's screams and the Career's laughs, but I could use my imagination. In fact, hearing all that I couldn't help but imagine it. But the sounds I heard next were far worse: footsteps. And loud footsteps at that. There's only one group that walks these woods with impunity. It must be nice to not have to worry about being quiet. A whole big pack of alpha predators at work, gladly letting others hear them and despair. And while the screams of that poor girl are a sure cause for nightmares, those footsteps coming closer could be a cause for my death. So I do all I can: I sit quietly in the dark, hoping no one looks up. Just sit in silence and pretend you're a part of the tree, Katniss. There's a lot of forest out here; they could go anywhere. And even if they come near me, they have no reason to look up. Besides, it's dark and my clothes are reasonably camouflaged. There's no way they should be able to find me. I tell myself that, and of course I'm proven wrong. Way to jinx it, Katniss. They don't just walk near me, for that matter they don't even walk towards my tree. They actually stop right at the base of it and start talking. Actually talking. Of all the places in the woods to talk, they decide to strike up a conversation directly under me. "Did you see the look on her face? Oh, please don't kill me!" the blonde female from District 1 mocks. Glimmer I think her name is. I thought she was just there for sex appeal? You know, look pretty and get sponsors? She has to mock the poor dead girl too? I mean yeah, sure lighting a fire was stupid; anyone with the knowledge to make fire should have the common sense to know not to. All it does it act as a nice beacon to attract the Career pack. And sure I might have even thought a few bad things about the girl, but at least I had the decency to not say them out loud! Glimmer and the brutish Cato from District 2 look back the way they came as the rest of the pack saunters pas, not a care in the world: Clove from 2, Marvel from 1 (I guess they left that girl from 4 to guard their supplies) and then Peeta comes along. I had no idea he was with them and I can't help but make a surprised noise. For a second I'm terrified they'll have heard my gasp, but after several long seconds it seems not. I guess Careers aren't observant hunters, more like brutish killing machines. They aren't even looking for more tributes in face. Glimmer seems more interested in asking Cato why they don't just kill Peeta now. "Because he can lead us to her ." is the response. Wonderful, not only is the guy who made a weird declaration of love for me working with the people trying to kill me, he's being played for a fool while doing it. As if I needed more proof that relationships were headaches I didn't need. This all might be bad for my nerves and opinions of relationships, but that's the extent of my bad luck for the night; the Careers, along with their new District 12 recruit move on. I manage to eventually calm down and get some sleep, and when morning rolls around I climb down and continue on my way. I definitely don't want to go the same direction as the careers went, so I decide to head towards the edge of the arena. It gets me away from most of the other tributes and once I get there I'll have something to put my back against. Once I'm back on the ground travel is easy enough, actually; these woods are close enough to the ones back in District 12 that they feel familiar. I know I can't get complacent or let my guard down, but this is so close to what I know I have a definite advantage. I'm able to make good time throughout the day, managing to stay fairly quiet (not like Gale, but still I'm a lot better than the Careers were). I even manage to find water. But I've seen enough of the Games on TV to know I have good cause to be worried. Things are going my way, and that never lasts. Even worse, all I've done all day long is walk, which means I've been boring. I haven't heard any cannons, which means no deaths, which probably means boredom for the audience. Bored audiences make for grumpy Gamemakers, and that's very bad for tributes. I keep looking around as the day drags on; more and more I search for danger. In the trees, in the bushes, in the air, under the ground, somewhere there's danger out there and I have to find it. The fact I can't feel it just makes me more nervous. At least danger you see coming you have a chance against. By late afternoon I'm absolutely sure something bad is about to happen. I can't see any threats, but the feel of them in the air is almost crushing. And the worst part is I can't do a thing about it; not to prevent it, and not to deal with it if it does happen. The only weapon I managed to get is a knife that girl Clove threw at me at the bloodbath. I was lucky; it put a hole in my pack rather than me. A single knife isn't much at all. In the woods of 12 it might be enough, but in the Games, a place filled with mutts and other tributes it feels like it might as well be a sharpened stick. I'd really prefer to have a bow, but that's in Glimmer's hands, so all I can do is tie myself up in another tree and hope. The sun is setting and there's nothing else I can do. Maybe the Gamemakers will pick on someone else tonight and I won't have to run for my life. Stupid Katniss, like an idiot I thought that and jinxed myself. I wake up to a wall of fire headed for me. Not bothering with any sort of witty remark (I usually have Gale for that) I frantically untie myself from the tree, plunge get down from my branch, running for my life the moment my feet touch the forest floor. I don't know where I'm going and frankly, I could care less. For now away from the fire is a plenty good direction for me. It feels like I've been running forever, but the TV audience back home has probably seen less than a minute of my frantic sprint; it's long enough for me to start thinking straight though. Animals have better sense than people, and in a natural (or not so natural) disaster they tend to know where to run. I trust in their instincts and follow the first small animals I see. Unfortunately, this is only a temporary measure; they're far faster than I am, quickly leaving me behind. I have to settle for trying to keep going in the same direction. I keep running, but I haven't managed to open up any sort of gap on the still advancing fire. There's a sudden explosion off to my right; a burning tree falls in my path. I try to run around it, only to hear another explosion, to my left this time; another tree falls and blocks my path to freedom. By now I've been inhaling enough smoke that I'm coughing and wheezing, lightheaded and my eyes are tearing up so much I can barely see;