I "Lee, wake up." Jacob's voice grumbled, permeating her subconscious and effectively ruining the good dream she was having. She feels his huge foot poke her side. Her eyes snap open, instantly on guard, but her body is slow to respond. She stares up at the pale light filtering through the trees of the woods they had slept in, it couldn't have been more than five in the morning. "Ugh…what?" She groans, throwing an arm over her eyes. All she wanted to do was go back to bed. If you could call a pile of dry leaves and twigs a bed, but that's just semantics. She vaguely hears Jacob's chuckle. "Well good morning to you too, sunshine," he teases. "It's your turn to patrol." She exaggerated a sigh and reluctantly removed her arm to peer up at her Alpha standing over her. His hair was effectively windblown, the way only running at inhumane speeds through the forest on four legs will do for you. She glanced at his face and could read the evident exhaustion. Begrudgingly she sat up, popping her sore neck, and stretching out her tired limbs. I need to invest in a pillow. She snorted at the thought of trying to lug a pillow along with her when she's phased. Her nose curls as she catches a whiff of leech from the button down shirt he seemed to have borrowed from the Bloodsuckers. She looked over to see Jacob's massive form collapse onto the ground, too close for Leah's liking. "Gosh, Jacob you stink, " she growls. She narrowed her eyes at him, but he was already out like a light. She cursed under her breath and stood up, stepping over her brother Seth's sleeping form a few feet away and made her way away from the two boys to undress. Once she was a safe distance away, she lifted her tattered tank top and shorts off her body and haphazardly tied them to the cord around her ankle. She yawns and pulls the heat from within her core and begins her long strides. Two feet turn into four paws and she sets off. She runs for a while, thinking of trivial things before her mind inevitably drifts back to what it always seems to be on these days. Jacob. There's no doubt in Leah's mind that she's been happier ever since she joined his pack. She was finally away from her asshole ex-boyfriend, Sam. Her heart constricts the smallest bit as she thinks of his face. Dick . Having to take orders from someone who had ripped out her heart in every sense of the word, and then having to witness his deepest thoughts and innermost fantasies about the woman he had left her for, her cousin Emily, was excruciating to say the least. The imprinted mind was one that Leah wouldn't wish her mortal enemy to have to endure. So, when Jake had broken away from Sam's pack and claimed his birthright as Alpha, Leah all but jumped at the chance to get away from Sam and his minions. She went under the pretense of protecting her brother Seth, who had of course followed Jacob, but it was plain as day to everyone that getting away from Sam was an opportunity Leah was not willing to pass up. Hell, she would have even followed Paul, the biggest douche of them all, if he was the one who had broken away. She was honestly that desperate. In the beginning, it wasn't exactly easy, as Jacob never took a strong liking to her. Well, none of them, save for Seth, had. But in the short amount of time that had passed, an understanding had come to pass between Jacob and her and he made her his Beta. She was fucked up by Sam, he was fucked up by that insufferable Bella Swan. They understood each other's pain. It wasn't an unconditional friendship. Hell, it wasn't even conventional. But, she figures if anyone has any clue of what she goes through, it's him. She begins to feel a burning in her legs, and slows her pace just fractionally. The new pack was great and all, but having a smaller pack also meant having fewer available bodies for patrol, and it was taxing on all of them. She feels irritation flare up as she gains sight of vamp territory and reluctantly continues her route, taking mindful steps so as to run her duty as she is supposed to, but not venture too far onto leech land. Her mind drifts to Bella once again, and she feels her blood boil with animosity. If it weren't for her and her demon spawn, Leah wouldn't have to be forced to be around the bloodsuckers. But then again, if it weren't for Bella and her hybrid fetus, Jake wouldn't have felt the need to break away from Sam and protect her… and it , a small voice reminds her. Dammit. Just because her Alpha foolishly devoted his life to thinking the sun shined out of that whiny bitch's ass, doesn't mean Leah is supposed to. And the worst part is, she let him. It wasn't enough that Bella strung Jacob along for over a year, but she continued to tell him she didn't love him as much as she loved her bloodsucker boyfriend Edward, and Jacob just stayed and took it. That bitch had the best of both worlds, two men that would die for her. Well, her creepy husband was already dead, but still. Ha, husband. She literally married death. Leah chortled. But even a pathetic girl like Swan could conceive a child, albeit a hybrid monster child, but a child nonetheless. And Leah was the genetic freak of nature. The dead end. It was a cruel joke that the gods had decided to play on her. Leah was convinced that her sole purpose in life was to suffer by watching other people get what she wanted. Emily got Sam, Bella got a baby… she felt the anger propel her muscles to work even faster. She felt her frustration color her thoughts even darker. Why was Jacob so in love with her? He didn't imprint on her, and for that she was eternally grateful because the never-ending Bella show that was Jacob's mind, and subsequently hers by pack mind, would be amplified a thousand times in that case. She was literally the plainest, most unremarkable girl in all of Washington. Leah was hard pressed to find even one single redeeming quality about this girl. Even as kids, when Bella's father Charlie would bring her along with him to the Rez to visit Leah's father and Billy Black and she had to play with Leah and Rachel and Rebecca, Jake's older twin sisters, she was a selfish brat who didn't know how to share. It seemed like nothing had changed. Before she knew it, it was time for her patrol to end. She almost lamented the fact, as she was quite enjoying the solitude. She had half a mind to just keep running north and not stop until Canada, but her exhaustion from earlier was catching up to her, so she changed course, and headed back to the direction of her two packmates. "Leah!" Seth's voice cut straight through the light slumber that Leah had seemingly just fallen into. She jolted awake, instantly alert, on her feet in a second to see her brother running toward her. "What? What's wrong?" She pressed, scanning him for any visible injuries. "Nothing! Calm down," He chuckled, removing her hands from his face. "Why'd you wake me up then?" She snapped, stepping away from him, her irritation evident. "What is with you two idiots and waking me up today?" "I was just wondering if you wanted some lasagna… it's the best I've ever had." He admits, innocently holding up the Tupperware container in his hands in front of her face. She pinches her nose. "Ew, get that away from me," She could smell the sugary bleach stench radiating, stronger than the tomato sauce, cheese, and the onions. The worst smell in the world. Leech. Hunger be damned, Leah was not about to eat anything that was prepared by a bloodsucker, no matter how "delicious" Seth claimed it was. Besides, that boy would literally eat anything and say it's delicious, even before the wolf metabolism. "C'mon, Lee. Please? It's so good! And plus you need to eat." He says, sounding more like the older brother for once. "You were over there again?" she asks and gets a nod in response. She shakes her head in disbelief. "I'm going back to sleep. Don't wake me up." She pushes past him and returns to her spot on the forest floor, trying to find her comfortable position again. She closes her eyes and pretends not to hear her brother's disappointed sigh and retreating footsteps. Leah woke hours later feeling only slightly refreshed after her patrol. She vaguely felt guilty for snapping at her brother earlier who was only trying to make a peace offering, but quickly pushes the feeling away. She has nothing to feel guilty for. They were the ones who were bonding with their mortal enemy. If anyone needed to atone for anything, it should be them. Jake had made another appearance, seemingly spending the whole day with Seth at the godforsaken mansion, which only served to set her nerves on fire. "C'mon, Lee. You can't seriously be mad at me for this." Jake says, torn between looking irritated and concerned. "Not just you, O Mighty Alpha…baby brother's in on it too," She growls. "Why are you so worked up about this?" He sighs. She's about to bite her tongue, because she's not really in the mood, but decides she's had enough of censoring herself. If they were going to be in a pack together, he'd need to see all sides of her. And fuck it if she didn't want to explode. "I'm so 'worked up' because you and Seth seem to be forgetting the part where they're our mortal enemies . We're designed to tear them apart! Those leeches, right in there," she points in the general direction of the bloodsucker's lovely abode, "Are the reason we are what we are." She spits. He interjects before she can continue. "Oh yeah? And what are we?" Stupid question, he knows, but his brain isn't functioning quite normally. "We're beasts. Not normal, by any means. And it pisses me the fuck off to see how you're in there, just hanging out with those parasites like you're all one big gang of regular fucking happy humans, but get this, you're not normal, and they're not even fucking human ! They smell rank, they suck blood for fun, and …" She trails off, catching her breath and losing her train of thought. She continues in a softer but still firm tone. "They're enemies, Jake. Natural born fuckin' enemies. Sure, they might seem closer to allies at this point, but no matter who we have to go up against alongside them, you have to remember, we'll never be on the same side as them, not completely." She finishes. He doesn't know what to say. He regains his voice when a thought hits him. "Is that the only reason you hate that I spend so much time over there?" He asks cautiously, knowing he could be treading on dangerous waters. She swallows. "Yes." Lie. The other reason she hated Jacob spending his time at Leech Mansion was that bitch Bella. But she saw no point in telling him this as it would upset him and that fact bothered Leah for reasons that would upset her. "Don't lie to me, Clearwater. I can smell it." He says in an almost harsh tone, a hint of his superiority leaking through. "I'm not…" She tries, knowing any attempt at hiding something from him was futile. Even if she could avoid it when they were human, once they