A/N: This came about from a post I made on Tumblr, asking for smut prompt locations. wildegreenlight submitted "post war smut in the shed," and I'm so glad she did! This was just what I needed to work on while slow burning my way through another chapter fic and agonising over the logistics of another one. Thanks! Hope you all enjoy :) She was navigating outside by wand light, and it was nearly midnight. With complete cloud cover from a storm that had been easing down all day, and nothing but softly lit lanterns inside the house behind her, which was fast receding into hazy fog, she could hardly see a couple of metres ahead of herself, much less make out the shed that she knew was at the very back of the gardens. She cursed his family, just a bit, for being so huge. Since they'd come home to the Burrow, they'd only managed privacy in strange locations and at awkward times - the woods behind the lake at dawn, the loo at three o'clock in the morning... It had gotten so bad that he'd actually resorted to leaving her a note in the form of a folded scrap of parchment atop her pillow that had just read "shed" in his scratchy handwriting. So, here she was, almost tripping over a tree root as the outline of the garden shed finally came into vague view in front of her. Charlie was staying in Ron's room with him, and she knew that he and Percy had commandeered it for an argument some hours ago. She guessed it was showing no signs of stopping, and Ron was probably quite frustrated by now. She finally arrived at the splintering shed door and pushed it open, finding him sitting on the work table at the opposite end, a single candle burning in a jar next to him. "Hey," she said, as she tugged the door shut forcefully behind herself. "It's ruddy brilliant being locked out of your own room..." he muttered, pushing off the table to stand and approach her. "They locked the door?" she asked, shocked. "Well, not literally. But they might as well've. Can't sleep with them rowing. Wanted to see you anyway, though." He stopped, two steps away from her, his expression changing quickly from annoyed to relieved. "Thanks for coming." She laughed shortly, shaking her head. "You don't have to thank me for that." He shrugged, but a smile tugged at the right corner of his mouth. She closed the remaining steps between them and took his hand. Something about touching him after it had been a few hours continued to make her heart pound faster, her cheeks flush lightly, as if it was the first time, all over again. As he swiped his thumb softly across her knuckles, she glanced down to their hands and sighed. "Doubt it'll be much better in Australia," she said, conflicted about her own selfishness, but really wishing they could have just a week - a few days, even - to just be alone, before- "What'd'you mean?" She glanced back up to meet his tired eyes. "I just don't think we'll have much time alone if we're staying with my parents." "Well," he started, flexing his fingers between hers, "I might not be thinking of living here at the Burrow, when we get back…" She raised her eyebrows, surprised. "Where would you go?" "Dunno. Maybe George's flat or someplace with Harry. Don't really think I want to stay with my parents anymore, honestly." "Oh. Yeah, it's a bit crowded here. But it won't be for long, once everyone goes back to their own homes-" "Yeah, but…" It was his turn to look down at their hands a bit shyly, licking his bottom lip. "Y'know that's not the main reason. If you wanted to stay over, it'd be a lot easier…" "Oh," she said, slowly smiling as he glanced back up at her. "I like that plan." His tentative smile turned to a full grin, and he started to lift his free hand to the side of her neck when a sudden roar erupted, a furious downpour of rain attacking the shed and single window to her left. "Damn." He lifted his brows as she let go of him and went to the window to look out. Tugging back the thin curtains, she could see the garden flooding as a flash of lightning illuminated the yard. She felt him move close behind her, and she swallowed, her focus immediately shifting from the storm to much more interesting things. His body was so lightly touching hers, tilting his head to look out the window, over her. She reached back, took ahold of his forearm, and pulled him closer, which immediately resulted in his crotch pressed against her arse. She let go of his arm to lower both palms to the narrow shelf in front of her, ignoring the slightly painful feeling of the uneven edge cutting into her hipbones as he leaned in even closer and groaned. His chest aligned with her back, and she dropped her head backward to his shoulder, shivering. She used the pressure of her hands on the shelf to push her arse back harder into him, feeling his erection now through his jeans. He slid a hand around her hip until it was half under her shirt in the front. "Bloody ridiculous I can't get you to a bed..." "What's wrong with here?" she asked, a bit strangled. "Fuck. Nothing…" His hand moved up inside her shirt, stopping just at the bottom edge of her bra. His other hand spread over her denim shorts, sliding down to the frayed hem, fingertips arriving at the back of her bare lower thigh. "Ron…" she breathed, arching her back slightly, desperate for him to touch so much more of her skin. Too quick for her to immediately comprehend what he was doing, he removed his hands, angling his hips forward to hold her firmly in place as he tilted his shoulders away just enough to shove both hands up the back of her shirt. She leaned forward, automatically, dropping to her elbows on the shelf. It creaked slightly with her weight, but she hardly noticed as he gathered her shirt in his fists at her shoulders. He shifted his hips away from her. And, for a moment, she thought of calling him back. But then he was bending over her, his lips brushing her spine, and she gasped, her back erupting in gooseflesh as he dragged an open-mouthed kiss down, down… past the clasp of her bra. And she knew he must be on his knees behind her by the time he reached the waistband of her shorts. His mouth left her skin, and he started to hook his fingers into her belt loops, breathing rapidly behind her. But she stood up straight again and whipped around to face him, her shirt falling back down over her torso as his stunned eyes flashed up to hers. She panted through parted lips, crossed her arms to grasp the bottom of her shirt, and ripped it off over her head, tossing it to the floor. Her chest heaved, breasts barely contained by her slightly-too-small pink bra. He spread his hands over her sides, ducking his head to kiss her stomach, and she closed her eyes. Her whole body was twitching with desire. It had been less than twenty-four hours since the last time they'd been together like this, but it felt like a lifetime. She recalled his words before about wishing they had a bed to use, and she considered how funny it actually was that they'd shagged nearly a dozen times in two weeks and not once had been on a mattress. But it didn't matter, and his hands were moving up her body again, and all she wanted was for him to remember how to unclasp her bra without her having to turn around so that she could feel his lips and teeth closing around her hardened nipples- "God. You're amazing…" he muttered, and she thought it was incredibly level-headed of him to consider what he did next… He stood up and slid his wand from his back pocket, flicking it at the shelf, now behind her. And, when she pressed a hand back down against it again, she realised it was now completely sturdy and strong. He half-smiled at her and shrugged as she laughed. But then his wand was clattering to the floor and his hands were on her again, behind her back, working on her bra and managing it in such a record speed that she had to give him an impressed eyebrow raise as he slid the straps down her arms, exposing her chest and dropping her bra to the floor to join her shirt. She moved her own hands up the front of his shirt so fast that by the time he could even close the space between them, they were suddenly skin to skin, his shirt bunched at his collarbones as they let out simultaneous moans of pleasure, his eyelids fluttering slightly as he tightly gripped her waist with both hands. She shimmied back against the shelf and watched his neck move as he swallowed… just before he dropped his hands to her arse and lifted her. She parted her legs, attempting to scramble his shirt off his body, but his arms were in the way. Noting her frustration, he extricated his hands from between her arse and the shelf and reached for the back of his shirt, tugging it forward, ducking as he pulled it over his head and threw it carelessly over his shoulder. It must have occurred to him at the same moment that it occurred her. They hadn't kissed yet. She widened her legs, his erection pressing to her centre, and she clung to his neck with both hands, pulling him down to her lips at the same moment that he grasped her face in both hands, thumbs swiping over her cheeks and making her shudder with such a strong combination of love and lust. Their parted lips met, half-breathing into each other as she felt his body tense with pleasure and then relax into her, pushing heavily against her, tongue swiping her bottom lip as she trembled out a squeaky moan. She met his tongue with her own, twisting her fingers up into his hair and hooking an ankle around his thigh to hold him tighter between her legs. He drew his mouth back to pant against her lips, hands falling to her bare shoulders. "Bloody… hell…" "Can't believe we're doing this," she said, somewhat irrationally, considering this was far from the first time. "What?" he breathed, clearly too consumed with lust to even make an attempt at understanding her. "This... just everything ," she said, realising how close she suddenly was to crying from happiness. "Wanted you, so long… and now… now it's real. Still can't believe it's real." "Fuck, Hermione," he choked. "I love you." "No matter what happens, you think you'll-" she tried to say, but the words caught in her throat, and he ducked to kiss her neck before sliding his lips up to her ear. She could feel him shaking as he spoke in such a low rumble of a voice. "Never stop loving you. Never stop wanting you." "Love you, so much," she whispered, almost incapable of response now, throat constricted with more emotion than even she had ever thought possible. And, just when she thought she really couldn't take feeling anything more, he moved his face back enough to smile at her, his eyes filled with so much awe and a distant sort of disbelief. He really, really , loved her the same way she loved him. "Can't wait much longer," she whispered, scraping her nails down his chest, delighted by the shivery breath he exhaled from her touch. "Good," he nearly growled, releasing her