A/N: So. First of all, hi! Second of all, I actually wrote this story a couple of years ago on my phone, but I'm an idiot and lost a bunch of notes that weren't backed up. I just finally got around to writing it again, but this time, I added about 5K+ words of smut to the end. This literally wasn't smutty the first time around. I'm not sure what this says about me... Hope you enjoy, and see you (hopefully) soon for some WIP updates. I Must Not Tell Lies They arrived at the Burrow with a series of echoing cracks. Evening light glanced over the wildflower fields, illuminating overgrown plants in the garden. She followed his much larger footsteps, cloaked in his elongated shadow as they moved forward, approaching the front door. She wasn't sure what to do now. Words seemed to fail them all, George huddling close to his parents as they moved into darkness, disappearing. Ginny lingered with Harry, pausing outside, standing close together without speaking. Percy had stayed behind at Hogwarts with Bill and Fleur, and Hermione, not feeling up to producing another plan, had let herself be led back home by the Weasleys. Home. Home… She could hardly bear to think of the word, knowing that it had such a fragile meaning for her now. Her parents' house might well be destroyed, if Death Eaters had come looking for her and found the place deserted. Her parents… could be anywhere. She had put it in their minds to go to Australia, but there was no telling what nine months away had done. They could have decided anything , in that amount of time. The thought of beginning that particular journey was so daunting that it gave her an immediate headache. She wanted to forget it, just for today. One more day to- "I'll just need my clothes from your bag, when you can," she heard Ron say softly, suddenly realising she'd made it halfway up the stairs to his attic bedroom without conscious thought. "Oh." She paused on the landing with him, once again tossed back into a whirlpool of wondering what the hell she was supposed to do now. They were quite alone here. With lanterns unlit, she could hardly make out his eyes as he paused with her, catching an odd sounding breath, as if he had forgotten to take one for a while before… "D'you want to come up?" She studied him closely, finding the shadows in the creases of his face quite mesmerising. "Should I?" He shrugged, and the lingering trance of their trek from Hogwarts til now seemed to lighten, receding to make way for something bordering on frustration. "I might as well bring your clothes up for you?" she asked, jaw a bit tight, not sure if she really expected an answer. He glanced across her face for the briefest of moments before turning and continuing the climb upward. She had bloody kissed him. The memory flooded her, not for the first time in as many hours. And he was going to do this now ? All she wanted was to forget the way they'd been these years, for what she'd shown him yesterday to mean more than their cautious games. She pushed down hard against her agitation, blaming the way she was feeling on starvation and lack of sleep. But it wasn't just that, was it? She closed her eyes for a moment as they reached his door, listening to the creak of rusty hinges as he pushed through into his room. She silently followed him, arm already halfway down inside her bag by the time she'd crossed the rug. "Here," she said, dropping his clothes to his bed. She'd actually cleaned most of them already, and she noticed him noticing, lifting his brows as he glanced down at her. "When did you have time to wash all this?" "This afternoon, while you were with your parents. Didn't want to disturb you." "Wouldn't've," he mumbled, but his voice drifted quite far from her as he ran a hand through his still shower-damp hair. They'd spent about an hour slowly putting themselves back together, before they'd returned home. She'd used the Prefect's bath, wondering why it now felt so lonely to simply be alone for a few minutes. He'd used the showers in Gryffindor Tower, and she'd had to try very hard to not think about how she'd rather have been- "I know you probably want to get on with finding your- ...your parents. Don't feel like you have to stick around here. Harry'll stay, and Percy'll probably be here tomorrow. And Charlie's helping at Hogwarts, so-" "You don't want me here?" she interrupted, feeling her cheeks begin to burn. "That's not… I didn't mean it like that," but he wouldn't quite meet her eyes, and she had to question what he did mean, then. She knew how hard the days ahead would be, but she particularly knew how hard they would be for him , losing his brother… coping, with his family, toward whatever their lives would look like from here. She couldn't perfectly imagine how that must feel, but she thought she could empathise, as well as she knew him, better than maybe he was giving her credit for, at the moment. But, that didn't stop the barrage of desperation, the part of her that had longed for this day to come for so many months, to see it through til the end and lean on the hope of what they could have, together. Now, the way he was talking… it was almost like… his visions of that future had been very, very different from her own. She wanted to ask him if she was being dramatic, if the grim days they'd survived had struck down her own pitiful self-worth, that part of her that had once been so much stronger, when she'd had confidence in her mind, at least. But this… him … she had nothing certain, did she. Had she ever? The moments with him, the memories that she'd been clinging to in the worst times of her life, suddenly looked quite gray, as if she had exaggerated them all for her own purposes. "What did you mean then?" she managed to ask, just as he moved toward the bed to pick up his pile of freshly washed clothes. Arms around socks and pyjamas and t-shirts and denim, he cleared his throat, and she watched his Adam's apple move as he swallowed. "Dunno," he said, in the most infuriatingly quiet voice. And then, with nothing else left, he crossed the room to his chest of drawers, depositing his clothes in a giant heap inside the top drawer, tucking them in chaotically and shutting the drawer again, one stray sock still hanging halfway out. "Do you need time alone?" she forced herself to ask him. He ran a hand across his jaw and gently shook his head. "You must be tired," he said, immediately contradicting his previous response. "I'm sure you could use Percy's room tonight. Mum'll have kept the bed made." And that was it. She couldn't withhold her own furious emotions, rising forcefully to the surface. She blinked at him, and then, quite suddenly, with a huff of a desperate breath, she whipped around and slammed his bedroom door shut with a sharp flick of her wand. She made a second quick motion overhead, and the room vibrated slightly, silence ringing, blocking them from the rest of the house. "Hermione, what-" she heard him begin from behind her. But she whirled around to face him again, cutting him off mid-thought. "Am I actually delusional to have thought we could be done with all this now that we've won a bloody war?!" Lips slightly parted, he made a vague sort of sound that resonated to her as a question, though no actual words escaped him. As she stared across at him, she felt her eyes begin to burn, and she fiercely willed herself not to cry… a battle she promptly lost. One large, hot tear rolled free from her left eye, dripping down her cheek. His eyes flicked down, brows furrowed as he watched it chasing its way toward her jaw. "Maybe it is my fault," she said cryptically, not minding that he couldn't find her page right now. "I don't underst-" he began, but she roughly brushed the back of her hand across her face, and the quick gesture stopped him in his verbal tracks, yet again. "Of course you don't," she sighed, immediately regretting her tone of voice. He looked down at the rug between them. "Probably not," he said gently, sniffing. "Ron, I'm going to ask you do something that'll sound absolutely mental," she began, "but you're going to do it because it's maybe the only way we're ending this." He looked up with something bordering on the tiniest of smiles, and she waited only a beat for the comment he was bound to make about her always asking him to do mental things. But if he'd been on the verge of speaking, he didn't get there in time. She shoved her arm back down inside her bag and pulled out a tiny vial, pleased with how quickly she was able to find it after so many months of hiding it underneath the more pressingly important things like medical supplies and dark magic texts... "What's-" "Veritaserum." His eyes flashed up to hers, not afraid, but taking on some unusual combination of shocked and daring. "Where the hell did you-" "I brewed it at home last summer. Thought we might need it. And now, we do." "You brewed it?!" And she felt herself flush oddly at the awe in his voice, even as a second angry tear rolled free from her watery eye. "Where else could I have gotten it?" "We're not meant to have been able to do that til N.E.W.T.S, and even then…" "Are you going to quit stalling and take some with me, or not?" she asked, her voice cracking a bit. His lips parted again, and his eyes were holding her gaze quite solidly. "You don't trust me?" he asked, with a strange sort of edge to his voice. She didn't think she really had to answer such a stupid question, but she was much too determined to backtrack now. The truth, then… or as much of it as she could manage without the damn potion. "With my life. But maybe not with everything else." He shook his head slowly, lacking the ability to comprehend her implications, a flash of hurt crossing his face. "Will you take the-" "Go on, then," he sniffed. She took a tiny step closer, then another. And she uncorked the bottle. It was better this way, not to think, just to act. The quicker the vial touched her lips, the less time she'd have to let it sink in. She'd learn the truth. But would it be what she wanted? And what would he think of her own honesty? She closed her eyes and tipped the bottle, the cool water-like liquid rolling along her tongue and down her throat. When she opened her eyes again, he reached for the bottle himself, taking it from her hand and drinking so fast that she was sure he'd come to the same conclusion that she had - the quicker the better. When he lowered it again from his parted lips, she took it from him, corked it, and tossed it to his bed, realising her hands had betrayed her thin facade of strength, trembling slightly as she met his eyes. He was hardly blinking, engulfed in silence. Waiting. "How long is this supposed to-" "Ask me something," she cut over him, sure the potion was already working, her nerves sizzling, skin cool and gooseflesh spreading. He licked his lips, and she tried very hard not to notice. "What's the 'everything else' you don't trust me with?"