A/N: Uh, where to start... This thing came from a conversation with a few Tumblr buddies, wherein the words "angry sex" and "horcrux hunt" kind of... were part of the same paragraph. I realize that's borderline insane, and my attempt to spit out what I imagined that to be got quite, quite dark. Maybe the darkest thing I've written. But there will be a part two, in case you feel like shit when you get to the end... I also just want to say that in no way should you take these words and Ron's actions as me thinking he's a bastard. He's not. He's the best. He's my favorite. He's beautiful. The locket is a son of a bitch. And this is pretty much AU, so... enjoy if you can, escape now if you feel apprehension. Be gentle? Unlike Ron... and kind of Hermione... *clears throat* Oh, one last thing - shout out / thanks to callieskye for "midges." I (Don't) Need You Part One His trousers were soaked to the knees. How long had he been following them, through the weeds? A cool drizzle misted the air, had done for hours, surely. His stomach grumbled. He thought of his brothers, his mum, his dad, his sister... shoved them away, far away. Chewed fingernails clawed at his neck as he scratched a patch of midge bites raw. His boots squelched in the mud, and the locket was heavy, metal held separate from the skin of his chest by threadbare cotton. The monochrome gray sky reflected in a pool of clear water as they reached a tree line, his sodden hair plastered to his forehead, tufts behind his ears. He hadn't noticed her slowing down, syncing her pace with his as Harry led them toward a winding, overgrown path. "You should give it to me now," she said in a small voice. Damn her voice... like he could break, like he was fragile. "M'fine," he said too roughly, regretting his tone as her forehead creased, looking away from him. "Oi," Harry called over his shoulder, "up here." Their noisy footsteps on crunchy leaves and branches filled the space he could have used to say more. A part of him was glad. Another part couldn't watch her jumper ride up anymore as she climbed through brambles, patches of silk-smooth skin- "Ron, c'mon," Harry gestured, coaxing him out into a hidden clearing as Hermione dropped her bag, circling the perimeter. Damn Harry, too. He tried to clear the cobwebs from his mind, helping Harry with the tent. Who was he blaming, really? Hermione finished the wards before they'd got the tent done, so she crouched and started a small fire, charming the smoke from traveling into the trees overhead. Ron trudged to the edge, retrieving her bag for her where she'd left it, and he returned to tower over her hunched form, extending his hand as she looked up. Her eyes watered as she reached to take it from him. "Thanks," she mouthed, and was he imagining her lingering touch against his hand? A gust of cold air blew through their space, and his hair whipped across his face, returning his attention to Harry. "I'll find dinner," Ron said, but Harry halted him with a hand to his forearm. "Locket." His odd hesitation to comply began to dissipate as he felt Hermione stand behind him, eyes on the back of his head. He nodded once and removed it, looping the chain over Harry's outstretched hand. His bunk was cold, the fire had died, Harry was taking watch outside. Their canvas walls swayed like the hull of a ship, and he reckoned the rain would never stop. She was reading by lantern light, back toward him, on the sofa. She tapped her foot anxiously against the leg of the table in front of her, and he saw that ruddy chain as she swiped her hair away from her neck, over her shoulder, sniffing. She'd had it too long. He slid out of bed, ignoring his low-riding pyjamas, foregoing a shirt. He shivered, on cue, rationalising he was underdressed... he should find her bag and his jumper. But he was too close, viewing a text of heavy black ink on tea-stained pages, frayed at the edges, over her shoulder. She sucked in a breath as his fingers touched the back of her neck. "Shouldn't read that dark magic rubbish with it on." She turned to glance up at him. " You shouldn't sleep with it. Harry-" "-needs a break." She couldn't argue further, or she lacked the energy. She closed her eyes, and he moved around the sofa to face her properly. "Don't think I care?" he challenged her, a furrowed brow angling up from her tired face in response. "Harry's watching, you're reading, I'm taking the bloody horcrux." Her eyes suddenly flicked down his half-naked body, her lips parted... as if seeing him for the first time just then. He recognised this look from a deep concentration on her work, interrupted. Nothing more. Couldn't be. "Hermione-" She stood abruptly, cutting down his next words as she reached for the chain around her neck, tugging it over her bushel of tangled hair, a shaky hand offering it to him. "I should get you a jumper. You'll catch cold," she said, as he took the locket and slipped it over his own head. A cloud lifted, strangely. He could see the dark circles under her eyes more clearly, the way she didn't quite meet his gaze. "M'fine," he said hoarsely, turning back toward his bed, climbing in and settling on his side, away from her. But he could hear the tick, tick, tick of his watch, and it mesmerised his softly dying sensitivity. He flipped to his back, seeking her image in the lantern glow. She was still standing, facing away from him, and he convinced himself he couldn't hear her crying. "Ron, shh." He'd woken to a chill, mumbling something he couldn't recall. She was sitting on the edge of his bunk, in velvet dark. He could just barely make out her eyes as she reached for his injured arm, carefully sliding the thin cotton band serving as a sling off his shoulder. "I have to check it." He turned toward her, automatic in his half-asleep state. She smiled and touched his skin so gently that his eyes fluttered shut again, despite the locket. The locket. He opened his eyes quickly and reached up with his good arm to feel the metal against his chest, directly. "Don't like it on your skin," she whispered, eyes completely averted now, on the pretense of checking his splinched shoulder, peeling back his bandage. "Help me with a shirt?" She sniffed, nodded, and wrapped a new piece of cotton around his injury, methodically. Once done, she reached overhead to tug down a plain white shirt, hanging off the top bunk. He sat up halfway, stomach concaving as he pushed his weight to his good elbow. He didn't really need her help , a little voice faded in at the back of his mind. He was taking advantage of everything. But she bunched thin cotton in her fists and gestured for him to duck his head through the neck hole. Static attacked his shaggy hair, sending it spiking at random angles as he emerged. Sitting the rest of the way up, he slipped his good arm easily through the right side, shifting his left shoulder as she silently held his wrist and guided his other arm through. She helped him with the narrow sling again, finding a relatively comfortable position. "Cheers," he said through an exhale, as he lowered himself to his back again. She reached without explanation, for the locket. Out of deeply buried instinct, he snatched her wrist, startling her to gasp and flick her eyes to his. "I was just moving it for you…" she began in a shaky voice. His heart was beating much too close to the locket, and he released her, understanding and trying to look as apologetic as he could in the dark, without speaking. Eyes still holding his gaze, she lifted both hands to his shirt collar, tugging the chain out from between cotton and goosefleshed skin. "You can go back to sleep now," she said softly, moving to stand, but he grabbed her forearm, his long fingers wrapping around the wool of her jumper sleeve. He realised, immediately, that he had nothing to say. But she stared back at him, not asking for an explanation. "Hermione?" Harry's distant voice called out for her, and she slipped her arm from Ron's loosening grip. "What is it?" she called back, heading for the tent flat without looking back. She doesn't need you. They… don't need you. Worthless. Worthless. Worthl- She'd been watching him as he moved in his sleep. A subtle shake of his head against his pillows, and she suspected bad dreams. She'd had them, too. Too often. From her bunk, she could see his face, upside down. She'd moved her pillow to the end closest to his head, lying on her stomach, propped on her elbows. His lips parted, his arm twitched, he rolled his head to the side. She held her breath, a garbled word exhaled from him. "Wrthlss." She narrowed her eyes, unable to understand. But she only needed to know one thing - it had been too long . Sod him. She was taking control. She slid out of bed and moved to hover over him, deep and lost in uncomfortable sleep. "Just try to stop me…" she whispered, fingertips feather light on his neck as she twisted the chain so slowly, looking for the clasp. Finding it, she unhooked it, feeling him move. His hand clenched halfway into a fist… before relaxing. She tugged the unfastened chain out from behind him, snatching the locket in her palm and closing her fingers around it. Worthl- He was suddenly standing in a large, open field, alone. The sun was shining brilliantly, lighting his copper hair on fire. His feet were bare, warm grass blowing against his toes and shins. His pulse was slowing down, vision fading to pleasant amber… Eyes. Someone's eyes. Watching him. He blinked and found her, corkscrews of curls around her face, draped over her shoulders… the only beckoning image now in a sea of rolling clouds. He woke to post-dawn light striking his eyes through the open tent flap. He could hear Harry and Hermione speaking softly outside. The locket- -was missing. He sat up quickly, haze of sleep receding as he shuffled out of bed, heading toward her voice. "Ermynee," he called as he stepped into harsh light. The storm had stopped… for now. She was sitting on a rock, holding a mug of tea, steam still swirling from the amber liquid as she glanced up over her shoulder at him. Amber eyes. "You alright?" Harry asked him, turning to face him, too. Sitting close to her… close . "Yeah, where's the locket?" Hermione touched her chest at the centre and he saw it, gleaming up at him. "When'd you-" "While you were sleeping. It was giving you bad dreams." "How do you know?" She shrugged, self-conscious. "I could tell." Words of gratitude tried to surface - she wanted to help - but Harry stood before he could get them out. "We should move again, tomorrow," Harry suggested, brushing his hands down the thighs of his jeans as he straightened up. He moved to pass Ron and go back inside, but Ron followed with a long stride, clutching Harry's elbow. Hermione turned her back to them, sipping her tea. Ron leaned in close to Harry's ear… "She needs to sleep. She's wearing it too much." "Says the same about you," Harry whispered back, directing Ron deeper into the tent, fully out of Hermione's earshot. " She's the one sorting what the hell we're doing. She's stretched too fucking thin up all night reading,