A/N: This fic is for azaleablue , who celebrated her birthday on Tuesday (sorry for the delay!) and who has a special place in her heart for angst, as I do! Love you! Happy belated birthday! The idea here comes from some personal experience, actually, which means you all may have some TMI about me now… But I feel like Hermione, being an anxious person in some respects, would possibly fall into this sort of thing, especially given her crazy rollercoaster of a relationship with Ron over the years. It did get a little angstier than I had planned, but it gets DIRTY at the end… Hope you enjoy! x Oh, and a nod to remedial-potions / bowtruckles for implanting me anew with Hermione getting distracted in the middle of something emotional by physical attraction to Ron :) And in case you are a music obsessed person like me, this fic's title comes from the song "Beneath with Me" by Kaskade & deadmau5 ft. Skylar Grey . She would be on the train to Hogwarts in seven hours, and she was sitting on the side of his bed, in his shirt, sobbing. She knew he didn't know what to do, anymore, and a distant part of her also knew that this was irrational, but she couldn't stop. Everything had been fine, the night before. She'd arrived after dinner with her parents, and she'd walked around the orchard with Ron before coming inside. They'd quietly sipped tea in the kitchen until his parents had gone to bed, then headed upstairs, locked and silenced his room, and slowly taken off each other's clothes. She should have realised, she now considered, that she wasn't being honest, hardly a dozen words exchanged between them over that next hour. By midnight, she'd started some stupid fight, feeling disconnected, and he'd responded too casually… and she'd shouted at him until he'd shouted back, out of frustration and confusion. More confusion, if she could manage to think about it properly. But that was the problem now. She couldn't think properly. So, she'd been crying on and off for almost five bloody hours, threatened at least twice to go back to her parents' home, told him at least three times that he was better off without her, and made him think at least once (very wrongfully, of course) that she was breaking up with him. It wasn't supposed to be like this, their last night together. She was supposed to see how happy she made him so she could go without a constant, aching fear that he'd drift away from her. But, instead of that, she'd be leaving him with red-rimmed eyes and a memory of how she'd kept him up all night saying all sorts of things she didn't really believe. She was wildly alternating between snapping when he touched her and crying out words she never thought she'd mean or ever say about how awful she was and what did he ever see in her? She couldn't do it. She couldn't sit there with his eyes on her, his hand cutting fiercely through his hair as he sighed. "I'm going," she said, for the fourth time, only this time, she thought she really meant it. His shirt covered her to mid-thigh, and she couldn't take another two minutes in his room. So, she stood and gathered her clothes in her arms… He leapt off the bed as she wrenched open his door. Evidently, he hadn't expected her to get this far. "Hermione, don't-" "I'll see you at the platform, if you decide to show up," she cut over him, slipping out onto the landing. "Wait!" she heard him shout, as she started down the stairs to the loo. His voice only made her move faster, until a memory flashed vivid, an echo of her own cries as he'd run away from her, in the middle of the woods, cold rain soaking her through- "Please!" he called down the stairs, a full floor behind her. Her heart beat wildly as she slowed, arriving outside the loo and releasing a powerful breath which broke into a sob. She tugged open the door and dragged herself inside, not bothering to shut it behind her as she felt him catching up to her, anyway. She dropped her clothes to the floor and hugged her body with both arms, shaking, back toward him as she heard him join her inside, the door clicking shut as he closed it, trapping them together. Exactly what she'd tried to run away from. "Muffliato, Lumos," he whispered, and the dark room suddenly glowed gently from the light at the end of his wand, which he dropped to the sink. "What the hell is happening?" he said to her, his voice holding a lot more fear than before. She shivered more fiercely, unable to catch her breath. "P-Please, j-just go away." "Is that what you really want?" he asked, and she thought she heard a rather substantial bit of true panic in his tone now. She silently cried for what had to have been another solid minute, before the hot tears rolling down her cheeks slowed and she was breathing somewhat steadily again. She turned and sat on top of the closed toilet lid, arms still tightly wrapped around her. Her eyes flashed up to where he stood, hands on the edge of the sink, not looking at her. He seemed to be thinking very hard about something, and his wand light was glowing beautifully in his blue eyes. She sniffed loudly and wiped her face with the back of her hand. He'd followed her down here in only his boxers, and she now managed to distantly worry that someone would need the loo and find him like that, with her. But it was so far from the most important thing at the moment that she wasn't even sure how much she cared. "All you were doing was trying to be casual and normal, but I didn't want you to. I'm leaving in a few hours-" "Yeah. I know," he said gravely, cutting her off. She dug her nails into her upper arm, forcefully willing him to look at her, even though she'd just been wondering if she might as well Apparate directly from the loo to her parents' house in order to escape. She was so twisted up inside, part of her feeling selfish and lost and useless, and the other part tangled up in pure terror of him leaving her. "You t-told me I wasn't being fair ," she stuttered, actually feeling slightly lightheaded. It was way too late to be up at all, much less in the middle of the most emotional conversation she had ever had. His eyes finally flashed over to hers at her words, and she once again felt that impossible rush of mingled relief and dread. "'Cause I didn't understand what the fuck you were hacked off with me about…" "That's great," she huffed. "You're angry now." "What? I'm not!" She thought he was almost glaring at her, which made his words that much less believable. She stood sharply and crossed her arms over her chest. "So, why are you shouting?!" He turned to fully face her, looking beyond frustrated now. "Why are you crying?!" God, she really had pushed him too far, and she didn't see a way back. Cryptic words escaped her, knowing he wouldn't understand… "It's been so long, I almost forgot…" He closed his eyes for a brief moment as he roughly rubbed a hand across his jaw. "I still don't know what I did!" "I told you!" she insisted, at too high a pitch. "You don't listen!" "Tell me again." Honestly, she'd become regretfully aware that she was only shouting and blaming him as a defense for hating the fact that she'd actually gotten so worked up over such a stupid thing like him not breaking down and sobbing at the prospect of her leaving in a few hours… She didn't even really want to have to admit this, and the easiest thing to do was to simply avoid putting words to what she'd been calling his fault, in the hopes that he wouldn't find out how absolutely ridiculous it was. "Hermione, please… tell me again, and I'll listen properly." She closed her eyes and tried to take a deep breath, but it caught multiple times in her throat. This row was now achingly familiar, so many attempts, in the past, to hide their true feelings. Only, this time, he was still here, maybe from guilt, maybe fear, but it was the difference between the way they'd been before they'd admitted how they felt… and the way they were now. She'd just fallen back to the past, too easily. "I'm not good at this," she muttered, and he moved the tiniest bit closer, evidently unable to hear her properly. "What?" "I've never done this before, you know, and I-" "Done what?" Why did he sound so afraid? She chanced a direct look into his eyes, and she was slowly forgetting why there had been a fire inside her chest, propelling her to unintentionally hurt him. "Never had a boyfriend before, have I… never had a row like this with anyone," she said, which really was a useless statement, because of course he knew this. "Not sure that last bit's true. We've had plenty of rows… but I reckon I've never done this kind, either," he said in a gravelly voice. "Of course you have," she snapped a bit, breaking away from his gaze again quickly, thinking of Lavender but avoiding her name. "That's not even close to the same thing. You know that." They both really loved to say things without actually saying them, didn't they. "You couldn't wait to be shot of her once things got more serious," she said, tightening her arms across her chest, "once she wasn't just hanging on you and trying to kiss you in front of everyone-" "Yeah, because I was an immature git who was only snogging her so people - most importantly you - would see I was capable of having a girl fancy me." Okay, so that was actually a straightforward sentence. "I'm really bloody sorry for that," he added, "but it's what I did, and I can't undo it." And then she saw, in that moment, just how many things he probably still held onto, painfully regretting them even though they were behind him, and she wondered how she could ever convince him not to feel that way, to stop blaming himself for past mistakes. Well, she knew one thing for sure - she'd never get him to forgive himself if she kept bringing it up in a fight… Disapproving of herself more than she ever had before, she closed her eyes and let a fresh wave of tears drown her cheeks in silence. "Hermione-" She opened her eyes again, too reactive to the sound of his scratchy voice across her name, and he'd moved tentatively closer, but her vision of him was blurry through her tears. "I want to take it all back - really, I do," she said, sadly, "and just pretend like everything's fine-" "Why would you have to pretend?" She watched his neck move as he nervously swallowed. She could clear that up. She only had herself to blame, and she didn't deserve him. "Because I'm leaving in a few hours," she trembled, "and you're going to see how much better you are without me!" She watched the tense creases at the corners of his eyes iron out as his eyebrows lifted. "That's completely insane." "Thanks!" she shouted, shrilly, once again hating the sound of her own sarcastic voice. "No, no… come on," he urged, quickly. "I mean I'm bloody in love with you, and it's literally unbelievable you'd actually want to be with me, and I'd have to be Imperiused to ever break up with you." So, he'd thrown