Parting of the Blood By Wild Artemis Disclaimer: First off this is my first story, I have been writing on and off of this for four years now. I've decided to share this after reading all the different fanfictions and seeing how accepting the BellaMione community is. In this story will notice that it has characters from three different franchises. I ones I will be dipping into are from the TV show Merlin (looks and name of Morgana and Gwen's looks (there will be my own twist to it though), Resident Evil (Alice, Jill, Claire names and looks), and lastly characters from Harry Potter. They will be some original characters in this story but only a couple I'm not really good to coming up with looks. Well if you read all that I hope you stick around to enjoy this story and don't hate me too much for all the mixing and mashing's. Again I don't own but a few characters and portions of the story. Lastly, I have no one to proof read this for me so if it's got a lot of grammar mistakes please forgive me. PS. Italicized words represent the characters speaking. Now enough of running my mouth on with the story! This starts off two weeks before the final battle As the rain pours down on a hauntingly dark figure can be seen quickly racing down a gravel path that leads to the front steps of Malfoy manor. Lightning strikes in the distance illuminating the figure of one Rudolphus Lestrange. Pushing quickly through the heavy front door while continuing his fast pace he sheds his outer coat off and promptly throws it onto a tiny shivering elf, which is harshly knocked over by the large soaking coat. Without sparring a glance at the elf his urgent pace continues to his destination. Pounding loudly on the door leading to the throne room, causes the sounds reverberates throughout the normally quite hallways. A low hissed Enter can be just heard ringing from inside the other room. Slowly the door swings open revealing the one and only Peter Pettigrew. Peering down his nose at the weak man Rudolphus pushes past him with a heavy sneer adorning his face. Once in front of his lord Rudolphus lowers his head and bows deeply at the waist to the man sitting regally at the head of the long table. After several long seconds a loud annoyed Rise Rudolphus and tell me why you have requested me and the rest of the death eaters here tonight , and this better be good I have more important plans then chasing a fools rambles, could be heard coming from the Dark Lord. The once cocky mans answers his lord as he stutters over himself Master, I have horrible and important news for you and the rest to hear. Looking down his nose at the imbecil of a man this better be worth it Rudolphus or you will be crucioed for your constant uselessness . Go on now and tell us what so important states Voldermort with a wave of his hand. Master there is a traitor among your ranks states Rudolphus boldly with a smile that reflects the true madness within the man shinning bright on his face. A look of prue agitation and anger passes the lords interested face before This better not be a lie or your suffering will be so much greater than a simple cruico Rudolphus can be heard by all in the room . With a slight gulp Rudolphus gathers his courage and pushes forward allowing the glee of his information transform his face back into the madding look. Turning as to look at Bellatrix as he spits out The traitor among us my lord is someone so close to you that you have missed the treachery of your most loyal servant and my ex-wife Bellatrix . A few deadly quiet seconds later Bellatrix's insane cackle rings out from the seat closest to her lord, you lying piece of dragon shite me his most loyal a traitor are you mad? Don't answer that clearly this accusations answers that for itself, sneers Bellatrix with a look of her own inner madness and hate shining through her near black eyes. Calm yourself Bellatrix states Voldermort while keeping his eyes trained on the man in front of him. Now Rudolphus why would you bring these lies before me knowing how you will suffer? My lord I speak the truth I followed her one night and found out what a lying whore she really is, if you don't believe me my lord I implore you to check her memories I will gladly die if I'm proven wrong. Hearing this Voldemort's ever present paranoia kicks in high. Bellatrix I'm going to look into your mind and you can finally kill your useless ex once this is done. Smiling gleefully Bellatrix nods all the while Rudolphus was talking Bellatrix was bringing up her strongest defenses around her mind. Diving violently into her mind Voldermort doesn't see anything that could make him believe that she has ever been disloyal to him and moments away from retreating. Until Rudolphus realizes what Bella is doing and hits her with a surprisingly strong crucio making her lose concentration on the walls that are guarding her deepest memories, allowing a violent flow of images to race before Voldermort very eyes. FLASHBACK A young curly raven haired teen wearing a Slytherin head girl pin and black robes walks up a familiar set of stairs and knocking on an old wooden door. A few seconds later the door has swing's open to reveal a much younger Dumbledore in his deputy headmaster's office. Walking from the corner of the massive desk with a smile and twinkle in his eyes. Dumbledore motions to the tall wingback chairs in front of a roaring fire Bella come please sit lemon drop? Shaking her head Bellatrix turns down the sour treats. Why am I here? I wasn't the ones responsible for those Gryffindor's that got hurt if you are looking to blame it on someone you will have to look somewhere else sneers Bellatrix looking very much like a spoiled child. Looking directly into the young girl's eyes Albus face grows serious before slowly replying Bellatrix I've asked you here tonight because there is a war coming and I want you to fight the light side. Why should I join your side of this upcoming war you speak of, asks the now curious curly haired teen. I know your father has introduced you to a very charming man recently who goes by the name Lord Voldermort. And that he wishes to destroy all who are not purebloods and those who do not hold the same believes. Looking down into the fire the girl questions Why should I care about dirty bloods and blood traitors? Bellatrix do you really want to be on the other side of Andromeda when this war breaks out . Looking up with a very startled expression the man answers Yes I Miss Black that you are aware of your sister Andromeda being with the young Tonks boy and that you are actually very happy she has found someone who loves her for herself and will be able to take her away from what you and your sisters have dealt with so far in your lives. Looking at the ground this time Bellatrix sighs I'm going to end up on a side that is different from one of my sisters regardless. Malfoy was recently introduced to Tom as well and is completely on board with whatever the man says. Narcissa's arraigned to marry him guarantees that she will be stuck with his side. So either way I'm going to be separated from one of them and can't do anything to protect them both. A soft knowing smile forms on the old man's face What if I told you there was away for you to be with both your sisters? Looking deep in thought the girl, turns with the question of how on her face, and before she's able to ask Dumbledore explains You would be a spy for the Order of the Phoenix, you know you will be a part of his inner circle as well as Malfoy. You know this is true since both of your families are funding a lot of his war chest. Plus you both are influential in the community including being incredibly smart and powerful in your own rights. By doing this you can stay and protect Narcissa physically and can pass information that will protect Andromeda as well. Giving the girl time to think on what he just said, Dumbledore continues on popping his beloved lemon drops into his continually squinting face. I'll do it but you have to allow me to tell my sisters says the girl with fierce passion in her eyes. I'm sorry Bellatrix but I can't do that, especially with Narcissa being right in the middle of where the inner circle will be declares the man with a sad look. Then I won't do it, I won't allow Andy to think I hate her I could never hate her for being happy . And I was never good at keep secrets from Cissy she will find out somehow says the girl. Thinking for a few long seconds the old man sighs I will allow you to tell Andromeda what is going on but must be sworn to secrecy so I require her to have a secret keeper's oath done. Narcissa must be taught how to strengthen her shields around her mind though, with my teaching she will be strong enough to not be noticed. Deal, says the young girl with a proud smirk breaking across her face. Multiple FLASHBACKS SHIFTS Into a field of high grass with a large bond fire in the center with ancient stone pillars in a circle acting as a natural protector to the people dressed in black in the center. A young Tom Riddle stands in the middle of group Welcome friends we have two new death eaters joining our ranks tonight Bellatrix Black and Lucius Malfoy. These two have proven themselves over and over again to me and have earned the right to carry my mark. Bella, Lucius please come join me here so you can receive this gift. The two teens stand then kneel before their lord with their left arms raised high so they can be marked. Speaking lowly Tom starts placing marks on their arms causing the dark mark to appear. As he finishes the spell both rise a little unsteady upon their feet and turn to the crowd who burst out in cheers. Bella has been on many missions by this time that has shown she is not only the most powerful follower but the most loyal as well. This causes a lot of issues with the males in the death eater ranks but her lord has come to respect her. This loyalty and strength grants her access into his inner circle has his new right hand woman. Bella sneaking away from Black Manor to find her cousin Sirius within Grimmuald Place. Here not only does she spend time passing on information about meetings and places that were going to be attacked or under watch. But also she spends that time with Andy reassuring her that she is safe even if she feels like she might be slowly losing her mind. Other images during this time is of her hitting other death eaters in battle when no one was looking. The next flash back is Bella's time after Azkaban Bella is slowly walking into a room with shelves and shelves of prophecies as far as the eye can see which have given the room an eerie glow to them. She had never seen the department of mysteries until today and honestly believed there was no such places as the Hall of Prophecies. A little