Well, everyone, here it is – the prequel to all of the others that I've done... Summary: Legolas has always held a deep devotion for Aragorn, willing to lay down his life in order to protect him – but why ? The answer to that question lies some one hundred and twenty-six years prior to the War of the Ring of the Third Age, before the birth of the heir of Isildur... Unrest disrupts Legolas' life, strange and frightening dreams upsetting his sleeping patterns. Desperate for some form of solace, he takes himself from his father's palace in search of peace and solutions. What he gets leaves him running for his own life ... and the survival of the Race of Men with the charge of a very small child... Hold on to what is good even if it is a handful of earth. Hold on to what you believe even if it is a tree which stands by itself. Hold on to what you must do even if it is a long way from here. Hold on to life even when it is easier to let go. Hold on to my hand even when I have gone away from you. Nancy Wood, Many Winters Chapter One - Tea A baby cried. A constant wail was more like what it was, actually. But it was an important baby, for some reason, with eyes of liquid grey. And it was up to him to see to the safety of this child, because it was important. The woman that he had tried so desperately to keep alive was dead, her blood on his hands, and, more to the point, her baby... A man loomed over him, a knife raised. A flash of another man, this time on horseback. A proud bay stallion reared under an equally proud master whose sword was brandished high above his head, interestingly with the same grey eyes gleaming with emotion. He headed an army riddled with desperation and wavering courage right before some towering black gates, behind which he knew to be no hope. Just death. Death for the entire force he was somehow a member of. And this man on the horse was highly important, just like the baby was, and he knew without a doubt that he would die for this man a hundred times over. Because he was important. Parched land dominated by Orcs skipped in front of him, and he knew that it was a great city far to the south that had been carven out of living white stone – but it was now razed to the ground along with the rest of the world; all of its thousands of inhabitants slaughtered with merciless, irrational spite. Unseeing eyes stared up at him from sunken sockets, grisly grins of mortal man's bane stretching beneath tight sickly grey, the mere memory of skin and flesh. A blaze of steel and a searing pain through his leg – upper right thigh, to be precise – and the original man laughing manically over his spilt blood, raising the knife again and plunging it down right where his heart was- Legolas gave a cry, sitting bolt upright in his bed, his breath racing from him, his chest feeling incarcerated because the panic was so intense. A cold sweat prickled his forehead, and his eyes darted about the room, searching for the invader that was going to knife him – but there was no-one. He was alone, completely and utterly alone, with only the darkness of his chamber and the shadows in his mind for company - for which he was thankful. He sighed, running a slightly trembling hand over his brow to wipe the salty beads away, and listened. There was not a sound to be heard in the palace – it was so early that the maids had not even risen yet, so he decided that now was as good a time as any to get up ... at least at this hour – whatever this hour was – he would not be hindered in what he did... He swung his legs out of bed and crossed to the dresser, splashing scented water over his face. It was cold and sharp, slapping against his skin – the best way to truly rouse his senses. He dressed quickly, donning the shirt, jerkin, leggings and boots that he preferred to wear rather than his courtly robes. As the Prince of Mirkwood he was obliged to wear such clothing in the palace – but he had absolutely no intention of staying in the palace today, which was the perfect opportunity to wear what he held in his opinion as being 'proper clothes.' Having run a comb hastily through his hair and braiding it to keep it out of his face, Legolas slipped out of his room and took himself to the palace kitchens. He was in need of something to calm him down a bit after that nightmare. It was not the first one he had had – far from it. There was an oil lamp going in the kitchens. There always was, especially for the midnight eater –as Legolas tended to be. The kitchen staff knew of his midnight excursions to the larder and always left a light burning for him. He took the lamp in his hand and progressed to the fire. The embers glowed in a noncommittal manner, soft ambers and oranges arising after a slight prod with the poker. But with an extra fresh log followed by a little encouragement, flames slowly began to eat away at the dry wood with revamped life – perfect for the kettle of water that he placed above it on the grate. Having rekindled the fire, Legolas set off for the larder, and selected from the shelves the Wolf's-claw root and pot of honey, plucking a couple of leaves from a potted mint plant that grew in the centre of the kitchen work table as he came back, and it was there that he laid down his leaves and Wolf's-claw, taking a knife from the rack and crushing the two until he deemed that he had created a sufficient amount of broken herb to give a suitable flavour, and he pushed it onto the knife, slipping it into the now steaming kettle. He scooped out as much honey from the pot as he could on the knife blade, having come to the conclusion that using a spoon was too much of a fuss at this time in the morning. The honey was set, as all good honey should be eventually, and he took a kind of mild pleasure in watching it dissolve in the water as he stirred it in with everything else. The aroma came to his nose and he breathed it in deeply, already feeling his spirit lift a little just by smelling his favourite tea. It amused him considerably that none other than he could stomach it, and he had had practically the entire household taste it. It was not his fault that they were all abnormal... He poured out the contents into a mug, straining it, and finally went to sit at the table, the mug steaming in front of him. He sat there for a considerable time, swirling the liquid about the sides of the mug and blowing gently to cool the contents, enjoying this simple pleasure as he sipped carefully, mulling over things in his mind that only solitude and a peculiar hour allowed him to mull. These dreams were really beginning to bother him now. What did the baby mean? Was the man on the horse the baby full-grown, or was he someone completely different? And what of the woman and the other man? Who were they? Where did the connection lie between all of the components of his disjointed visions? He was sure that this was symbolic of something – it had to be, otherwise surely he would not have dreamt of it so many times. He was not gifted with seeing the future, so far as he was aware – at least, he had never known of events prior to when they occurred. That was something he knew Lord Elrond of Imladris was capable of ... but himself ... I fail to understand the workings of my own mind... The door opened to the kitchen, and Legolas heard the familiar footsteps of his father enter the large room, the slight scuffing that his feet made indicating that he wore his doe-skin slippers. 'Good morning, Adar,' greeted Legolas, turning round to give his father as convincing a smile as he was able to muster. His father offered his son a smile in greeting rather than words, and he stopped when he came to the table, head cocked to the side as he surveyed his child. Legolas, feeling uncomfortable under the penetrating gaze, turned back to the table, raising his mug again as though through some wish to hide behind it. 'I heard you get up,' the King mentioned in a matter-of-fact voice. I heard you scream in your sleep, was what he meant. 'I wanted to rise early to go riding,' Legolas lied. ' At two in the morning? ' Thranduil asked incredulously, staring in disbelief at the other Elf as he pulled out a chair opposite him and placed himself gracefully into the seat. 'Legolas, no-one goes riding at two in the morning, no matter how enthusiastic they are!' 'Well, Adar, you know that you have always said that I was exceptional...' 'There is exceptional, and there is insane.' Legolas cocked an amused brow at that comment and took another sip at his tea, offering it to his father when he saw the King's eyes watching the mug as though it was some kind of demon. He chuckled as Thranduil shook his head to the gesture, actually pulling back as if he thought the beverage was going to try and attack him. Thranduil sighed sadly as he bore witness to the presence of one whom he deemed to be lost: his wife. The Queen had passed some two thousand, six hundred years ago; but she still lived in Legolas. That smile; the mischievous glint that had alighted the eyes a few seconds before; the eyes themselves – they all came from her, as did their son's wonderful nature. Legolas' brother, Baerahir, had resembled Thranduil the most, yet he had still had some of his mother's quirks... But he was gone now, and so was she. Just Thranduil and Legolas left. Only them... 'Would you like some company on your ride?' the King asked quietly. 'Then we could talk to each other for a time, just we two – we have not done that for a while, have we?' He tried to smile as invitingly as he could, tried so very hard to win his son over. He knew that something troubled Legolas – if he was able to get him to tell him about it, perhaps it would ease his mind... Legolas smiled at his father's proposal, and Thranduil knew by the apologetic crease in his child's brow what the answer was. 'No thank you, Adar – I would prefer to spend the day alone, if that is alright with you, my Liege.' 'Don't call me that, ion nín – you have no cause to at the moment. If solitude is your wish, then I shall not deny it of you.' Legolas averted his eyes to the tea, watching the steam and feeling shame colour his cheeks briefly. How could he shun his father like that when he was trying so hard? But as much as he loved his father, time alone was what he was in need of at this moment, so he just had to hope that his father understood that. 'I hope you find the peace you solicit on your ride. When will you return?' 'The next day at noon, by the latest.' 'Very well.' The King