This is based on very loosely on a song by one of my favorite bands The Beautiful South. I really enjoying writing this and I really enjoyed writing in a new style. Please let me know what you think. Lilly x The Table This table has four sturdy legs and a heart of very near wild oak when others would have screamed out loud my friend this one never even spoke I've been sat upon, I've been spat upon I've been treated like a bed Been carried like a stretcher, when someone thinks they're dead I've been dined upon, I've been wined upon I've been taken for a fool Taken for a desk, when they should have been at school This table's been pushed against the wall when tempers, well tempers flare at night Banged upon with knuckles clenched my friend when someone thinks that they are right I've been sat upon, I've been spat upon I've been treated like a bed Been carried like a stretcher, when someone thinks they're dead I've been dined upon, I've been wined upon I've been taken for a fool Taken for a desk, when they should have been at school Tables only turn when tables learn put me on a bonfire, watch me burn Treat me with some dignity, don't treat me like a slave or I'll turn into the coffin in your grave "Da daa" James stood aside "what do you think?" he said revealing a pale wooden table and six chairs "the guy in the flat downstairs was moving out he sold us the whole thing for twenty quid" "Wow James it's lovely well done for getting it up here boys, see it's much nicer to have a kitchen table than to eat on our laps" she hugged her boys "James you're been a prat" Sirius put down his knife and fork "there's a spy in the order, we have to be cautious, we can't trust a soul outside this room" he slapped his hand on the table to hammer home his point. "The people in the order are our friends. I trust my friends" James threw down his own cutlery with a clatter "Then you're going to get us all killed" Sirius pushed his chair back "you talk to him Evans, knock some bleeding sense into him. I going for a walk" "James you're my friend, my brother but Pads is right, there is nothing wrong to exercise a little caution until we find out what is going on" "They're our friends" James yelled on his feet now "our friends, if we can't trust our friends then we have no one. Want me to kick Lily out an' all after all she could be a spy" Remus maintained eye contact but continued eating his spaghetti bolognaise "sit down and stop been a prat Prongs. No is suggesting that there really is a spy but all the evidence is pointing to it. We just need to be cautious until we find out more" The flat was full of people in the kitchen the table was pushed against the wall along with some of the chairs a few people were sat on it nursing drinks and passing around a glass ashtray. Lily was circling the party in a blue velvet mini dress holding a tray of food like a cocktail waitress stopping at each group to offer them the food and chat to them "cracking party Lily" Alice yelled at her over the music her short pixie hair had been styled spiky and punky and she was in tight dark jeans and a black t-shirt held together at the sides with large safety pins. She passed Lily her cigarette for a drag and pulled a vol-au-vent off the tray "Glad you're having a good time" Lily yelled back "everything sorted for next week?" "Yeah I can't believe this time next week I'll be Mrs Longbottom" she laughed "you and James will be next" she laughed again at Lily's face "I don't think so, I'm 18 why the hell would we get married" "There's a war on Lil" Alice suddenly became very serious "Time waits for no man. These days we have to cram everything, our whole lives into a day as who knows what tomorrow will bring" Lily took another drag on her cigarette before handing it back to Alice "I better go and save Olivia it looks like Benji's chewing her ear off again". Half an hour later someone cracked the music up and Lily found herself stood on the kitchen table dancing with James behind her grinding against her while all their friends look on dancing below on the kitchen floor wooping and cheering "Quick it's McGonagall" Sirius shouted from the doorway. The music got turned down people jumped into action hiding bottles stubbing out cigarettes before realising that this was their flat and Sirius was a windup artist. Before too long the drinks and fags were back out and Lily and James were joined on the table by Marlene and Sirius. When Lily looked back she had some of the best times of her life in that little overcrowded flat in the middle of London with all the protection spells and silencing charms on it, it was one of the safest places in Muggle London. "...My so called mother" he spat on the table to rid his mouth of the thought of her "At least you having a fucking mother Black" mine died in a car crash at the end of seventh year and James lost both of his parents to dragon pox over Christmas and his home when Deatheaters burnt it to the ground" "Well I wish that old bitch was dead. If it wasn't for uncle Alfie I'd be homeless and penniless" "Don't be thick Black, you'd still be here living with us making innuendos and stealing our food" Lily replied kindly hugging him and kissing his cheek. "Nothing's going to change." The morning after another party and Lily picked her way through the sea of bodies to get to the kettle. She lit the grill and filled the kettle and put it on the hob. She put the bacon and sausage under the grill and turned around to set the table but laughed out loud when newlyweds Frank and Alice were asleep on it under a pile of cloaks. They stirred at the sound of her laugh and the spit of the bacon "tea?" Lily laughed "Ugh what we're we drinking last night" Frank rubbed his temple with his thumb and forefinger" "Dunno Sirius' special concoction this one he was calling 'Snuffles.'" Alice laughed and helped herself to a bacon sandwich which Lily had just made. As more people woke and headed to the kitchen for a cup of Lily's strong tea and a bacon and sausage sandwich and owl knocked on the window which the person closest to opened and passed the letter to James who was leaning against the counter cuppa tea in hand and his spare around Lily's waist he put down his tea opened the letter, scanned it, the smile dropped from his face. "More Muggle attacks last night and Caradoc Dearborn and Edgar Bones are both in St Mungo's. Clear out you lot things to do. There is a war on y'know" "Quick, Moony clear the table" James burst into the flat carrying a semi-conscious Lily followed by Sirius "Lily love stay with me your gonna be OK, let's get these jeans off you" James laid Lily on the kitchen table trying desperately to ignore her shouts of pain and dragged off her jeans taking half her skin off as well in the process. The Marauders gathered around trying to heal their 5th member while she called out in pain. "What the fuck happened?" asked Peter as he took her hand and started removing her jewellery from the blistering skin. "Deatheaters" Sirius explained "loads of them, she was great through. Kept going after one, hard to tell with them masks on I shit you not I thought she was gonna kill him through sheer language" here he allowed himself a chuckle whilst helping James apply lotion to her legs "then You-Know-Dicksplat shows up and tried to recruit all three of us. Man I thought I'd heard all the ways someone could be told no after 3 years of listening to James pine for her. And she called him a filthy half breed and made references to the giant squid again. Anyway Lord Fuckface doesn't like been called a half breed or squids it turns out so he set her on fire. Oh yeah and we learnt his name is a taboo now so now we have to change the cat's name. So bloody inconvenient" James smirked his way through Sirius' story as he worked on his girlfriend's burnt blistering body. When he was nearly done Remus put the kettle on and got one of their mystery t-shirts they'd had so long no one could remember who it had originally belonged to. It was too long for Remus the tallest, too baggy for Sirius the broadest, too wide for Peter the plumpest and the sleeves were even too long for James' lanky frame. For Lily it was perfect James dressed her in the t-shirt and took her to bed with a cup of draught of the living dead which she kept in the cupboard. James woke her up to drink the potion tucked her in and went to see to himself and Padfoot's minor injuries and get a cup of tea. "Close your eyes darling" Sirius shut his eyes and held his hand out to James "Padfoot" James sighed "I was talking to Lily" "Here's four gallons boys fuck off down to the pub for a couple of hours" Lily handed Remus a handful of coins "Y'know before seventh year he used to call me darling" Sirius mock whispered to Remus who was pushing him towards the door "Yeah, yeah everyone knows, and I'm the one they call gay" Remus joked as he handed Sirius his cloak and they headed out of the door to the Leaky Cauldron. "Close your eyes darling" James repeated now they were alone. Lily closed her eyes and held out her hand James took it and lead her to the kitchen "ta daa. Open them" on the table a beautiful dinner was laid with candles and a vase of flowers in the middle. Lilies, roses and carnations all in shades of red and orange. "James this is amazing" they sat and ate the delicious meal that James had actually cooked with great difficulty. James opened a bottle of wine it was a good one that he'd managed to salvage from his parents' house after Deatheaters burnt it to the ground for them being blood traitors. After they had finished he put on a record. The first one he and Lily had danced to after the first quidditch match of seventh year. He turned back to her and dug around in his pocket before sinking to his knee "I'm not gonna bother with a long speech. Just marry me" Lily leapt into his arms kissing him all over the face "I need a verbal answer here Lil" he laughed "Of course I'll marry you, you fool" he laughed and kissed her temple. He took her left hand off his neck and placed the gold and emerald ring on her finger. Lily looked at her newly adorned hand "it's beautiful James. But it must have cost you a bleeding fortune" "It didn't cost me a knut. It was my mum's, mums. I asked her if I could have it before she died. She loved you. She'd have love to have you as a daughter" Tears were falling down Lily's face "James its perfect" and she was showering him with kisses again. He stood up still holding her close with one arm whilst the other swept everything off the table