Okay I know that I should be working on the others but I started this and soon he grew from like 200 words to 2 pages in word to 5 pages and then it's over 3000 words so clearly I had something here that just needed to written, hope you like it! here's another possible way that Solangelo got together! I don't own anyone/thing but the OC(s) and scenario I guess. I stayed up until nearly half past 4 am to write this and it for whatever reason took me five or more tries to upload but here you guys go! ... What just happened? It had been a couple of weeks since Will had released Nico form the infirmary, though he was a bit reluctant for the son of Hades to go back to using his Underworld-y powers again since he had overexerted himself so badly before, but Will had managed to get Nico to agree not to overdo it even without having him swear on the river Styx. All it had taken was doctor's orders and a good stare down for about ten minutes before Nico relented and agreed. Will figured he could rest easy now knowing that Nico wasn't in danger of fading any time soon. Or so he thought… … Will wakes up to find a zombie standing at the side of his bed and screams, it didn't sound very heroic but he didn't need to sound heroic when he was lying in bed with a dead guy standing over him chattering away like it was trying to say something but he couldn't understand. Some of his siblings woke up and stare with mixed horror and sleepy confusion at the sight. "Look I'm not Nico, I don't know what you're saying…" then it occurred to him that it must have something to do with Nico if the dead guy was here. "Wait! Did Nico send you? Where is he?!" Will shot out of bed instantly and didn't care that he was wearing his pj's, he raced out of the cabin following the dead guy to wherever it was that Nico must be. He made sure to tell the others to go back to bed or go get Chiron because something was wrong. The dead guy leads Will out to the edge of camp near Half-Blood Hill towards Thalia's tree. Will is glad that they didn't encounter any patrol harpies considering it was nearly 1 am but he pushed those thoughts aside because they weren't important right now, Nico needed him he just knew it, why else would there be a dead guy standing over him in the middle of the night looking frantic, could zombies even look frantic? He didn't care that was the vibe he had gotten so he had hurried out here. Will didn't know what was going on and his heart was racing so fast he was almost worried it would leap right out of his chest even though he knew that it couldn't logic wasn't exactly his friend at the moment. He followed the zombie into the trees and was worried that it would be too dark to see anything until he realized that there was a faint light coming from up ahead. He didn't know what it was but that was where his guide was taking him so he hurried on. As he drew closer Will saw that there were signs of a fight all around the small clearing he had just entered. As he surveyed the area he saw where the light was coming from, it was Nico! Will rushed over to the boy sitting huddled on the ground with his back to a tree. He seemed to be in pain but was doing all that he could to stay conscious from what Will could tell. "Nico! Nico what's wrong? Why are you out here?" Will asked, he wanted to know how he was glowing but he figured it best to save that for later. Nico looked up at Will and the zombie standing beside him and smiled a bit before saying thanks to the zombie then looking back at Will, the light coming from him starting to fade. "I was helping someone; I felt a life starting to fade so I came out here. There was a kid, he was surrounded by Nymphs that were trying to help him, there were some monsters so I fought them off, I think the Nymphs are hiding him but he's in bad condition. I asked Jules-Albert to get you because I needed someone to help the kid and I knew you were the best one to ask." Nico said and Will felt glad that Nico thought of him but also frustrated that Nico would come out here alone to begin with and then use his powers so much that he was now slumped against a tree looking like death itself, though from what Will had heard Thanatos was quite the looker… but that wasn't important! "Why didn't you get help Deathboy? You know that there's a patrol, why didn't you go get someone?" Will asked as he looked around for signs of the Nymphs. Finally they appeared and carried between them a boy that was maybe about 10 or 11 years old from what Will could see, as they laid the kid down on some soft leaves Will set to work treating the kid to make sure that he would survive the night at least so that they could get him back to the infirmary where Will could help him more with nectar and ambrosia. "Can you help me get him to the infirmary?" Will asked the Nymphs who nodded and picked up the boy and headed off, Will turned to the zombie, Jules-Albert, and asked if he could follow them and make sure they got there safely. He could tell that the zombie seemed reluctant to go but Will assured him that he would take care of Nico and that seemed to be enough to convince him. Will faintly wondered why a zombie would even listen to him but didn't bother voicing those thoughts while more pressing matters were still at hand. He crouched down in front of Nico and examined him as best he could in the weak light coming from the moon filtering from between the tree branches, Nico had stopped glowing and so they were almost entirely engulfed in shadows right now, something that could be very dangerous for the son of Hades if he was close to fading. Will took Nico's hands between his and tried to warm them up while he gaged the amount of darkness within Nico. He let out a relieved sigh as he found that Nico was in the clear if not cold from being outside in the middle of the night but he could easily fix that. He looked Nico in the eye without letting go of his hands. "Thank you for getting me, I'm sure he'll be just fine. I sent for Chiron before coming here so he should be there now with him and tending him. But why did you come out here alone?" Nico looked down slightly and his bangs covered his face. "I needed to hurry, I already felt another life fade, it was the satyr that had been bringing him here, he's already been reincarnated and the Nymphs made sure that he's someplace with plenty of sunlight during the day." Nico's voice was small and Will's heart ached, Nico was close to Coach Hedge and Will knew that Nico was probably thinking of something like this happening to the feisty old goat and being able to sense death like he could would just make things harder on him, Will wondered if Nico blamed himself for not being able to save the satyr in time. Before he knew it he was wrapping his arms around Nico and pulling him in close for a hug. "It's okay, you did everything you could to help, if not for you I don't know what would have happened here tonight." Nico didn't even try to pull away, he just leaned his head on Will's shoulder and let Will embrace him and try to comfort him. "What did you fight? What was after him?" Will asked thinking of the mess around the clearing, the monsters had been dealt with but the evidence of the fight was still there. "Three or four giant scorpions and a couple of Hellhounds. It was hard to keep track but I took care of them, the Hellhounds were outside of the barrier but the scorpions where already inside so things were kind of difficult from there, once they were gone I couldn't go back to get help so I summoned Jules-Albert and called upon the spectral light as a kind of beacon since I didn't have a flare or anything like that." Nico said with a huff that could have been a laugh. Will pulled back but didn't let go as he looked at Nico with a mix of awe and shock. "You are truly amazing Deathboy, you know that?" then he smiled as Nico looked up and met his eyes with his own look of shock likely due to the complement. "I guess I can forgive you for using your Underworld-y powers since you did save someone, not to mention you didn't overdo it and got help right away, though you should stop by cabin 7 in the morning and apologise to everyone for scaring them with a zombie in the middle of the night. We may face monsters but the undead is still a bit of a stretch for some, you know?" Will chucked lightly as he thought back to himself screaming upon waking to a zombie standing next to his bed. Nico laughed a little too before agreeing. "Alright, I guess we should go back now since it's still so late." He tried to stand up using the tree as support but Will placed Nico's arm over his shoulder and helped him to is feet. "I got you, don't worry." Will said as they began walking back to camp and towards the infirmary so that Will could check on the new kid and see to any lingering problems with Nico. As they left the cover of the trees Nico broke the somewhat comfortable silence between them. "Why do you care so much Solace?" he asked quietly and Will glanced over at him a bit puzzled. "What do you mean, of course I care; it's part of my job." He said and Nico did that huff again. "And you called me dense." He muttered and Will felt his cheeks heat up slightly. Nico tried again before Will could say anything in retort. "I meant about me, why do you care if I use or over use my powers, and don't give me that whole 'It's a doctor's job to care' spiel because that's not all is it?" Will looked back at Nico and saw that his dark eyes were staring back at him, something just below the surface though Will wasn't entirely sure what. "Well, I do care and yes because it's my job as a healer and a head councillor but also as your friend, we are friends right?" he couldn't help the emotions that flowed into that simple question, he really cared about Nico and he wanted him to know it, he just didn't know how much he could show. Nico was silent again and they were halfway to the Big House by the time he said something again. "Are you sure you want that?" What a stupid question of course I do! More than that actually if at all possible! What just happened…? They had stopped and Will realized that Nico was standing completely still because he had just spoken those thoughts aloud. Di immortals! Will was mortified that he had let that slip; he had just told Nico that they were friends