Behind the mask Okay before I begin I just want to tell you a little story from my grade 11 year back in high school. It was Halloween and being the big dorks that we were, my classmates and I were so stoked to dress up and take part in the fashion show we put on every year in the cafeteria before the haunted house in the theatre. A lot of people had been planning for weeks what they were going to be, individual or group costumes and it was great! So skip forward to after the fun of lunch break and go right to fourth period which was my Bio class and most of us were in costume and all seated except for a few people running late, no surprise. BUT! On that day everyone was in class, no one was missing and we spent the entire hour trying to figure out who the guy that walked in late dressed as Spider-Man was! Want to know the really stupid part that made us all want to bang our heads against the wall? We had assigned seating and like I said everyone was in class, yet it still took us about an hour to figure out who was dressed as Spider-Man! This was like 9 years ago and it still pisses me off. Well that is what inspired this! Please enjoy! I do not own anything recognized! Only this story is mine. There are references to the Princess Bride in here because that is one of my favorite movies and Carrie again I own nothing to do with those. Halloween was a great time of year, the decorations were amazing, the costumes were spectacular and of course the goodies were the best. Parties were also high on the list on must haves for Halloween so when the invites were going around and the guest list was being made the excitement was rising. Nico didn't know if it was a misprint or just one of those stupid Halloween pranks that fell under Trick or Treat but he stared at the invitation that had been placed in front of him for about five minutes debating whether he should go or not. He had just been sitting in the library alone listening to his music while finishing up his assignment from yesterday that was due next period. People usually paid him no attention as if he just blended in with the background and honestly he preferred it that way, so why was he now looking at a small piece of paper with his name on it listing the time and location of some big Halloween bash? He hadn't even seen who had been passing around the invitations so he wasn't sure what the intention behind it was. In all honesty he had no idea how to even react to being invited to a party whether it was a joke or not because he had never been invited to one before. Was this supposed to be a big deal? Was he supposed to be excited and giddy? He honestly had no idea. He just knew that he wasn't going to ask his friends about it, knowing them they'd just make a big deal about it and make him regret ever bringing it up, it was always that way with them. Something about sharing in these milestones of his life or something like that, there was no way he was mentioning the invitation to them. … As the day progressed more and more people were talking about the party and who should go as what and if they should get in on a group costume theme, some are talking about going as couples or hoping that if they can match their costume with someone else then maybe they would have a chance with them. The highest on that list was Will Solace, he was popular and handsome, not to mention one of the nicest people you could run across in this school. So Nico wasn't surprised when he heard all of the people talking about how Will would be dressing up as a prince for the party. Nico rolled his eyes, he could already imagine all of the would-be princesses there trying to charm Mr. Sunshine; the poor guy was probably going to be hounded all night because of it. … As Nico sat at his usual table with his group of friends he ate quietly as he listened to them discussing the upcoming party. "I like how the SRC (student representation council) decided to put on a Halloween party this year, most people figure that by the time you're in high school you're too old to like dressing up in fun costumes and pigging out on treats." Piper was saying. "I know, I mean who thinks they're too old for Halloween? I'll be dressing up and taking my grandkids out trick or treating just for the excuse to take part! But for now a party is definitely a great idea, Annabeth and I got scouted to help with the haunted house!" Leo said excitedly. "Yeah, it took some work but we managed to book a hall to have it in so that there's enough room to dance, enjoy the treats and visit the haunted house. Grover even managed to book a DJ for it." Jason said. "Not to mention my mom agreed to help supply a bunch of candy for it." Percy said. Annabeth was busy writing a list of all of the things that were involved with planning the party. "Salina said that her dad was also contributing to the treats for the evening." Annabeth said without looking up from here sheet. Nico sat back and listened to them as they went on, most of his friends were on the SRC and the others had volunteered to help in any way that they could, since it was a student planned event they had been doing fundraising for it for a while now but the invitations had only recently been handed out. Nico wondered if maybe one of them had put his name on one but none of them had brought it up at all so he wasn't sure. … At the end of the day there was an announcement about the party and a sign-up sheet was posted by the main office for anyone who didn't have a way there and back since the party was going to go past midnight. Nico marveled at how excited everyone was about this party, but like Piper and Leo said, who got to decide when you were too old to dress up and enjoy Halloween? Nico personally loved the holiday even though he didn't tend to join his friends when they attended parties he thought he's make an exception this time. … Nico usually stayed home to hand out candy for the kids on his block because he knew that not everyone took part in that anymore and since his family was more well off he loved being able to give out full sized candy bars or cans of soda with a big handful of candy to each kid that came by, his house also had a good reputation for having such scary decorations that kept people coming back year after year, this year though Nico was leaving that job to his father. His dad was a very intimidating man who liked to test people when they came to their door on Halloween, though he was always generous with what he gave people too. Nico sat in his room looking at the costume he had planned on wearing this year to handout candy; it was completely black from head to toe and was an exact recreation of what the dread pirate Roberts aka Westly wore in The Princess Bride, one of his favorite movies. Nico loved pirates so he thought he'd give this costume a try this year, he even had a sword to go with it. "It's not like you to be so excited about a party, what changed your mind?" Nico's father asked from the doorway. Nico shrugged as he tied his hair back into a small ponytail and found the pencil he had bought to draw on facial hair to complete the look. "Well everyone was working so hard on it I figured I'd give it a shot, not to mention I found out that everyone else just received an invitation with the time and place, I was the only one to get one with my name written on it so it seems someone wants me there." "Just don't come into this house covered in pig's blood, if anything happens then you can hose off in the yard first." His father said with an expression that was hard to read, Nico looked up from the mirror he was using and raised a brow at him. "I can't even tell if you're kidding or not." This time it was his father's turn to shrug. "You're not the only one who watches movies in this house." "I'll make sure to remind Jules-Albert to keep a tarp handy just in case I win Prom Queen then." Nico said, amazingly enough he heard his father laugh before he left the room so that Nico could finish changing. … It was just past 9 when Nico got to the hall. He had to admit the SRC had done a great job putting everything together, the decorations were really well done, the music playing was good, the lighting was perfect and already there was a line forming for the haunted house. As he made his way through Nico took in the sight of all the different costumes and felt eyes on him as well, he felt a sense of satisfaction when he heard people asking if anyone had a clue who he was. It seemed his costume did its job in hiding his identity. Nico decided to make his way over to the snack bar and see what there was to drink. When he got there he saw that Will Solace was also there talking with a couple of princesses. Will was dressed as a prince with a red jacket beautifully embroidered with gold that went nicely with his blond hair. Nico couldn't help but stare but made sure to look away when Will turned around, Nico pretended to be busy deciding on what soda he wanted as Will walked closer. "Hey, could you pass one here, it doesn't matter which." Will said as he stood by Nico, Nico passed him the can he had been holding at the time. "As you wish." He froze when he realized what he had just said, he wasn't sure if it would come off as him getting into character or if Will would even understand the reference, and if he did would he think Nico was a giant dork for quoting the character he was dressed as even if it was just a slip of the tongue? Will laughed and Nico felt like there were skeletal butterflies in his stomach. "Why thank you Dread Pirate Roberts." Nico looked at him in amazement, not only did Will understand it, he was playing along. "You like The Princess Bride?" He asked because it was the only thing he could think of at the moment. Will smiled. "It's one of my favorites; I have all of the lines memorized and like to say them as I watch the movie, especially at my favorite parts." Nico smirked. "I never would have pegged you to be the type. I always figured you were more the type to hang out with friends all time and be social, not memorize movies line for line." Will shrugged, and began quoting from the film. "I'll use small words so that you'll be sure to understand you warthog-faced buffoon." Nico snorted, much to his embarrassment. "Truly you have a dizzying intellect. But excuse me your highness, I do believe that is my