Full summary: Embry didn't need an imprint. Not right now at least. Of course, he'd like to be with his soulmate eventually but he wasn't out actively looking for The One at that moment. Quil thought he was crazy, but what did Quil know? He just...He'd rather have his life in order before meeting The One . Have a stable job, have a stable income, have a proper house of his own (and he wasn't talking about the shoebox apartment he was living in), that kind of stuff. He thought he'd only ever deserve to meet The One once he got himself in check. And right now, honestly? He was a mess. In which Embry only ever asked for the simple things in life, but of course, he couldn't have that either, could he? What the fuck, life? Not cool, bro. Or; the four times Embry thought having an imprint would take a toll on his life and the one time he didn't, except, it still did take 100 years off of his sort-of superhuman life. A/N: Hey hey, what do you know? Just kind of churned this up. Or, you know, just a weak excuse for me to write some Embry because he's precious. This has not been edited, because I do not have an editor so I'm sorry for that. All mistakes is purely my fault, because of who I am as a person lmao. Let me know what you think! All characters belong to Stephanie Meyer, u know that usual. Enjoy! Embry didn't need an imprint. Not right now at least. Of course, he'd like to be with his soulmate eventually but he wasn't out actively looking for The One at that moment. Quil thought he was crazy, but what did Quil know? He just...He'd rather have his life in order before meeting The One . Have a stable job, have a stable income, have a proper house of his own (and he wasn't talking about the shoebox apartment he was living in), that kind of stuff. He thought he'd only ever deserve to meet The One once he got himself in check. And right now, honestly? He was a mess. God (spirits, ancestors, whoever the hell is up there, Embry didn't really know) forbid him to meet his imprint at this point of his life. Poor girl. He felt sorry for his hypothetical imprint if she were to meet him now. To be honest, the chances of him meeting The One were pretty slim. He was busy. He didn't have time to even go out, let alone meet someone. He had college, the part-time job at the automobile shop, night rounds (even though Embry thinks those are useless; things have been pretty quiet lately. He kind of wishes something would happen, but the whole Bella-Edward-Jacob-Nessie-Volturi leech coven-vampire thing had gave him a headache when it had happened, so maybe not.), and trying to convince his mother that he wasn't dealing drugs on top of all of that. Again, his pack members had all said that he wouldn't be saying any of that once he met her. But Jake's future in-laws were loaded and Quil didn't have to take care of Claire entirely, she still had her parents. Seth had a long way to go with his imprint, because they were both still in highschool. Embry knew that he didn't have to take care of The One. If she was the same age as him or older, he was certain she was independent and didn't need a big oaf coming into her life (such as himself) demanding that she needed to be protected from the dangers of the world. He was pretty sure she'd start hating him. If she was still a kid, she had her parents. It didn't feel right though. There was something in his brain (that sounded a lot like Quil's voice, or his genes or whatever) that was nagging at him about how he wouldn't be able to just stand back and let her do her thing. He would love to, he was sure because independence was definitely a turn-on for him. But the tiny Quil voice kept saying 'just you wait, you'd wait hand and knee on her, just like a butler'. Embry was sure he'd even love doing it, knowing himself. He's had girlfriends before. He was always jumping to do things for them whether they asked to or not. He always felt that a special girl should be treated as such. So of course, when he meets The One, there was no doubt that Embry would be asking 'how high?' if she told him to jump, and he'd even thank her for telling him to because he would love it. He wouldn't be able to juggle the things he had going on in his life and be with The One. He knows she'd take over his life, and he'd want to spend every minute of everyday with her. If that happened, he'd fail college, and then he wouldn't get a stable job, and wouldn't have a steady income and then how on earth would he be able to provide for The One? He knew that she very well could be the one providing for them, but The One shouldn't have to even lift a finger if they were together. She deserved everything and he'd give her everything he had. He can barely take care of himself and his mother as it is. He couldn't even give his mother that new watch she had looked at wistfully when he finally found some time to go out with her. So meeting his imprint was way out of the picture. But anyways, highly likely, The One wasn't about to show up anytime soon with all that's going on. Embry can be rest assured...hopefully. "Em. Em...Em! Embry!" Embry was dead to the world. "Embry! If you don't get up now...I'm wearing your hoodie to soccer practise!" What did he care? Embry was dead to the world. He didn't care about that hoodie anyways. It was ugly and tattered. He only wore it because it was free. Who was he to deny free things? "Embry!" Embry didn't know who his best friend was either. Quil who? He had never heard of that name before. "I'm telling your mom about you being in the pack!" Quil wouldn't. His mom would just laugh and think Quil was making a joke and then she'd get mad because he wouldn't drop it. No more cookies for Quil from his mom. More cookies for Embry. It was a win-win sitch, really. "C'moooooooon Emmmmmmm! Get uuuuuuuuuupppp!" There was a heavy weight on his back - who was highly likely his 6 foot best friend that had draped across his body when he entered - and the sun was starting to get into his eyes. All he had wanted was a late morning in. It was that simple. He wanted to sleep in until 12. Was that so hard? C'mon, life. "Pleeeeeeaaaaaaasssseeeeeeeee!" He also wanted a new best friend, but that might be pushing it too far. "What," Embry grumbled. "Do you want?" "You made a wolf pinky promise to me for this day. How could you forget?" Embry can practically hear him pouting from above him. He really, really does not care. "I made? I made? I have never in my life ever voluntarily made a promise with you. You made me! What the fuck is a wolf pinky promise anyway?" "It's like a pinky promise, but in wolf-form, obvi," Quil said, dodging Embry's attempts at pulling him off. "Geez, you're so cranky. You should get laid." Embry grunted. "No time for girls. Please leave. I'm too tired to deal with you today. I said please." "But you promised!" "I swear to the spirits that I have never made a willing promise to you, Quil. And I really don't give a damn about breaking it right now," Quil became quiet and Embry revelled in the silence for a moment or two. "But...Claire-Bear will be all...alone," Ah, balls. He hated when they brought out the imprint card. "I'm sure she'll be fine, Quil. Didn't you say you checked her school out? Her teacher was really nice and all? She can literally stay there until you go and get her. Besides, what am I going to do with her? I've got to study and then I've gotta do the rounds again tonight and Jak-" "Claire-Bear..." Oh, for fuck's sake. "Fine! I'll pick her up. I fucking hate you. Get out and don't talk to me ever again," "Embry Call, you wonderful man!" "You're gonna pay for half of my student loans and buy me a house that's as far away as I can possibly be from you ," "My number 1 man!" "Get out !" "Get laid!" Embry was devastated that the alarm clock he threw hit the floor instead of Quil's head. Embry liked kids. He really did. They were tiny and excitable and hadn't seen how shitty the world was. He liked Claire even more. She was cute and innocent and precious. She made Quil happy, and Embry would never admit it even if he was held at gun-point (which, might not even kill him in the first place) but as long as Quil was happy, then Embry would be alright. What Embry did not like, however, was several tiny little humans climbing all over him and asking him questions he didn't even know kids would ask. "Why are you so tall?" "Will I get muscles like you one day?" "Can I get a tattoo like you?" "Why is your name Embry?" "Why does your tattoo look like a weeing cat?" Do it for Claire, Em. Do it for Claire. (Never for Quil, though. Fuck Quil.) He didn't even know kids could climb human beings, let alone beings like himself. "Emmy!" Embry nearly cried her name out loud in relief. But he didn't, of course, because he's cool, duh. He hadn't even realised he had stood up, with all the children clinging onto him. He probably looked like a weird tree with children as fruits hanging off of him. He had to move a kid's arm from his eyes to actually find Claire and he had never been happier to see her little curls bouncing as she ran towards him. "Sorry she's a little late, we had to get her bag down from her cubby. There's a nail sticking out and her straps got hooked and tangled onto it but don't worry, she doesn't go near it at a- Oh, you're not Quil," Embry looked up from where he was looking at Claire's uneven pigtails (Quil would not be happy with that) and his breath caught in his throat. Fuck. All he asked for was to not meet his imprint. Of course life had to fuck him over and make her one of the most beautful girls he had ever seen too. Great. Good going, life. "Uh," Wow. Eloquent, Em. "Hi, I'm Ro," she smiled. Embry might have died and gone to heaven. "Maybe you shouldn't mention the nail in Claire's cubby to Quil. Telling him would probably result in a brand new shelf just for Claire. I mean, it would be nice to have new stuff around here but wouldn't be fair to the other kids. You know how he is, I'm assuming." "Uh," He was really trying to actually say something other than unintelligible noises but his brain was turning into mush. "Emmy?" Who was that? Oh. Right. Claire. Right. Quil. Quil's imprint. Okay. Yes. Imprint. "You...okay there?" Imprint. Imprint. Oh God, Embry just met his imprint. "O...kay...uhm, bye Claire, see you next week, lovely!" He just freaked out his imprint too. Which is Bad. "Emmy?" "Hmmm?" "You're bein' silly an' weird," Trust Claire to always keep Embry's feet on the ground. Claire was probably his favourite 6-year-old ever. She was telling him to get his shit together and