DISCLAIMER: I do NOT own Twilight or Hawaii Five-0 A/N: Bella is 18 and in her Junior year Edward still left in September, and this is a little AU Chapter 1: Bella's P.O.V (September 20th) 'I can't believe that he left me in this damn forest!' I thought to myself, as I sat on the forest floor thinking about what had just happened. "How could I have been so stupid to think that someone like him would like someone like me?" I asked myself out loud. Then pulled my cell phone out and called Sam. "What's up Mini?" He asked. "I need you to come find me, take me home I don't know the way because I don't want to get even more lost." I told him. "Where are you?" Sam asked. "In the forest somewhere behind my house." I told him as if it were nothing but I knew he wouldn't believe me. "And you are there why?" "Well let's just say that I should have listened all along. He is an ass and broke up with me in the forest leaving me here by myself." I started out strongly then whispered the last part even though I knew he would hear me and would be pissed. "HE WHAT?!" Sam yelled. "What's going on? And who's on the phone?" I hear Paul ask in the back ground. Paul and I started off rough but after sitting down and talking to one another we are as close as Sam and I. "It's Bella, the Leech broke up with her in the forest and left her there by herself." Sam told him seething. "WHAT?!" Paul yelled, then I could hear a slight shuffling and then Paul was on the phone. "Hang on Leech-Lover we'll be there shortly." He told me. "Not a Leech-Lover anymore Paul. I don't want anything to do with them." I told him. "Fine you're a wolf girl now. We'll be there soon." He told me then hung up. I started scrolling through the music on my phone and selected Bad Day by Daniel Powter but continued looking thorough my music. It took the whole song for me to find what I was looking for I then played the version of Man in the Mirror that Keke Palmer sings and knew that after this I wanted to change and become a better me. I continued listing to music such as this until I heard rustling and then saw Sam and Paul's wolf forms emerging followed by the others including three that I didn't know and the smallest one that was whitish I could tell didn't like me very much but I didn't know who it could be. I saw Sam and Paul retreat then come back in their human form. "You ok there Mini?" Sam asked. "Yeah but I realized something." I told him. "Oh? And what might that be?" Paul asked. "I think that the Leech Edward was just keeping me around because he like the smell of me and that he had been dazzling me. I also realized that I want and need to change but I don't know how." I told them. "Why do you say that he dazzled you?" Sam asked. "Because I remember times where I didn't want to do certain things and then the next moment I was just agreeing to do it." I explained. "Ah. Why don't you know how to change?" Paul asked. "Because I don't know where to start." "One of the new members of the Pack might be able to help with that as well as Emily and Kim." Sam said looking straight at the white wolf. "Who is that Sam?" I asked him. "That's Leah, the two other new wolves are Leah's brother Seth and Quil." Paul explained. "Seriously Leah?!" I exclaimed causing Leah to growl at me. "Oh do shut up Leah I was just surprised because this must be very hard on you with Sam and all. I can kind of relate to you now." I told her and she tilted her head in question and I knew what she was asking. "Because even though Sam wanted you he didn't want to hurt you but then he found his imprint. It's not the same with the Leech but at first I felt not wanted and that he wanted to find something better and had. So I can kind of relate but it's not the same. Just know that if you want to talk I'm here." I told her, she then came up to me and butted her head with mine. "Well ok then when you want to talk just come to me. Now let's get out of this forest." I said then stood up. "If Leah would like you can ride on her back to your house." Sam said and Leah nodded her head then knelt down to a better height, and Paul put me on her back then his and Sam went back to shift. Time Skip After we had gotten back to the house Sam helped me down from Leah's back, then she went into the forest to shift back to her human form. She came out and immediately hugged me. "I'll talk to the others and set up a time to come over here and help you within the next few days." She said. "Sounds good to me. Now I need to go make dinner before dad gets home." I told them. "Alright just let us know if you need anything." Sam said then hugged me followed by everyone else in the pack. "Will do. Now get out of here you big over grown mutts." I said smiling. I walked into the house then began to cook spaghetti for dinner by time I was done my dad had arrived home. "Bells can you come sit down?" He asked me as he sat at the dining room table. "Yeah just let me finish making our plates." I told him, the proceeded to finish doing what I was doing, once I was done I sat the plates down on the table and took a seat myself. "What's up dad?" "Well I got a call from the Governor of Hawaii and she wants me to come and work for her heading one of her police departments there. What do you think? Or do you want to go live with your mom?" He asked me. "I want to go with you and this can be a new start for me. Edward broke up with me today and he and his family left." "Well ok then. I call her tomorrow and accept the position we won't be leaving until you are done with your school year this year, that way you don't have to transfer in to a new school at the end of the school year." He said. "Sounds good. So we will be moving in a few months." I said in thought. "Sure will kid." Time Skip: (May 20th) Edward had left in September and it had now been eight months since he left and dad told me about his new job. In the last few months there had been more killings around town. The pack and I had found out that it was Victoria and Laurent because of this we decided to let dad in on the pack and Cullen's secret. Also because of them being around more two more people had phased into the pack, their names are Colin and Brady. I had changed a lot since Edward and his family had left. I no longer was the shy person I had been before, but I still blushed a lot, my style had changed as well it was more outgoing then it had been before. I now had about two and a half weeks of school left and I couldn't wait to move. This meant that I could have a new start. "Ms. Swan, can you answer the question?" Mr. Varner asked. "Yes sir x=5." I told him. "Correct and how did you get that." He asked me. "On the left side of the equal sign 2x-2x cancels out leaving 0=10-8x+6x. You then take -8x+6x and get -2x. That leaves you with 0=10-2x, you then add 2x to both sides getting 2x=10. Next you divide both sides by 2 leaving you with your answer x=5." I told him. "Thank you Ms. Sawn. For a second there I thought you weren't paying attention." He told me. The rest of class went on about the same, finally it was lunch time. I left the class room and was making my way to the Cafeteria when I saw the whole pack outside, they were standing around my truck. I made my over to them. "Sam what's going on?" I asked him. "It's Harry. A Deputy of your dad's had a group of people in the woods searching for the "Bear" meaning they were looking for us so your dad sent Harry with them. When Victoria got near them, Harry had a heart attack. He didn't make it." Sam said. "Damn! And here we were thinking that we almost had her." I muttered. "I know, the funeral is tomorrow, since today is Friday." Paul told me. "Hey B you think you can find a song to play tomorrow?" Leah asked me. "I sure can L." I told her, I already had the perfect song in mind. "Think dad will mind if I cut out for the rest of the day and spend it you all down at the Rez?" I asked. "No. He's who sent us here." Paul said smiling. "Sounds good come on L. Guys we'll meet you back at the Rez in a little bit." I told them as I grabbed Leah's hand and dragged her to my truck, once we both got in and I began to drive Leah cleared her throat. "What's up L?" "Well I was wondering when you move can I come with you? After everything that has been going on I just want a new start as well. I have been thinking about this ever since you told me about your dad's new job, but since dad is gone I really don't want to be here anymore. I have been able to keep this from the guys, but I really want to do it, plus it would be good for you seeing as danger follows you everywhere." She told me. "Dad would be fine with that but what about your mom?" "I am graduating next year just like you but I think that she would understand and be ok with it." I spent the rest of the day with the guys and Leah. Then that night we went to a bonfire in honor of Harry. After the bonfire my dad came over and gave me a big hug. "You ready to head home kid?" He asked me. "If your ok with it I'm gonna stay here with Leah tonight?" I asked him. "Sure kid. I'll see you in the morning." "Sure thing dad." I said as I gave him another hug. "Night kid. I love you." He said then gave me a kiss on the forehead. "Love you to dad." After he left I turned to Leah. "You ready to turn in that way we can get tomorrow over and done with?" I asked her. "Yeah. Night guys!" She said, then turned and shouted to the pack. "Night Girls!" They shouted back. We left and went to her house after getting ready for bed it felt like as soon as our heads hit the pillows we were asleep then morning came just as fast. May 21st "Come on girls get up I let you sleep in as it is you now have an hour to get ready. It starts at eight." Sue said arousing me from sleep. "I'm up, I'm up." I said groggy. "Sure. If you both aren't up and out of bed in five minutes, I'll pour freezing