A/N: In case you get confused at any point during the story about character background, House, age, etc, please feel free to refer to this chart: /ZRAkzx1JqlxTw . This story was written for Mari (percyyoulittleshit on tumblr) and beta read by Ashley (sass-is-the-new-class on tumblr.) First Year The first time he sees her, her hair is divided into two pigtails that glide almost all the way down her back. Her eyes, stormy and startling, are skidding hawkishly around the platform, judgmental and elated all at the same time. Her knuckles are white as she clutches onto her wand, seeming to expect somebody to take it away from her. Mostly, what Percy remembers about the first time he sees Annabeth is that she is not smiling. It takes all of his strength to turn his gaze towards his mother, whose eyes are filled with tears at the sight before her. Upon seeing the look on her face, Percy lets out an embarrassed, "Mum!" and she turns to look at him, reaching a hand up to ruffle his hair. "I can't believe this is real," she admits, voice low and musical. Percy wants to roll his eyes at her, but he can't. He feels the exact same way. Except he's not crying. He doesn't cry anymore- after all, he's eleven now. "Do you have everything you need?" his mum questions, brushing a tear from the corner of her eye. "Socks? Underwear? Your w-wand? Mrs. O'Leary?" At the latter sentence, Percy heaves an enormous sigh and glares down at the tiny gray kitten curled up in a basket at his feet, fast asleep. "I can't believe I let you name her." His mum releases a watery laugh and brushes his bangs away from his eyes before she leans down to kiss the crown of his messy head. "Have a wonderful time, my love." He allows his arms to stay wrapped around her for longer than he'd care to admit before kissing her on the cheek and ducking quickly onto the train. Most of the students are still on the platform, so only half of the compartments are full. Percy locates a seat where he can look out the window and see his mum; he plops down in it, being careful not to shift Mrs. O'Leary's basket too much in his hurry to see his mum again before the train starts moving. "Hey." Percy looks up to see a boy with fair hair and blue eyes giving him a curious smile from the doorway to the compartment. "We met in Diagon Alley, yeah?" Recognition dawns on Percy's face, and he nods slowly. "Yeah, hi." For a moment, the two of them stare at each other awkwardly. Then Percy lets a shy smile etch its way onto his face. "Do you wanna sit down?" "Yeah!" the other boy says in a quick breath, plopping his cat carrier onto the bench before he sits. "I'm Jason, and this is Trident, my cat." Trident blinks up at Percy, distrust shining through his yellow eyes. "I'm Percy." His eyes are still trained on the cat as he says it. "And, um, this is Mrs. O'Leary." "Hey," grins Jason, making himself more comfortable on the seat. They sit in silence, staring at each other uncertainly. Percy knows that he could make the decision to talk, or he could allow the two of them to sit uncomfortably in their seats together. And even though he was abandoned by the man who had given him the power to go to Hogwarts in the first place, Percy desperately wants to belong in this world. "So… what House do you wanna be in?" It's kind of easy to slide into a friendship after that. (ooo) The first thing that Percy notices about the Great Hall is the way his classmates stare at it. More specifically, he catches a view of the blond girl from the platform before he sees the actual hall. She's ahead of him in line, but she's stretched out on her tip toes, her long legs not enough for her to be able to see everything. The girl's gray eyes flicker everywhere, vulnerable in their amazement. Percy feels like he's getting to know her just by looking at the slight flush in her cheeks and the way her lips part in amazement. The hall is beautiful, he gives her that. He especially likes the candles that float near the arches in the ceiling, casting a unique glow on the room. It illuminates everybody's face in a wash that only serves to perpetuate how magical Hogwarts is. And ever since Percy saw the view of it from the boat, he's realized that he's only just beginning to understand the magic of this place. His eyes are drawn back to the girl as they move through the hall, something in his stomach tugging him toward her. Percy wants to leap forward, grab her shoulder, and start talking to her; to ask her what she thinks is so fascinating about this hall and how that fascination might correlate with his. But instead, he points out the ceiling to Jason and Jason nods enthusiastically, a boyish grin crossing his face as it registers different aspects of the hall. The girl's name is Annabeth Chase, and when the old, raggedy Sorting Hat gets placed on her head, she remains completely cool and collected as it announces that she is a Ravenclaw. Her expression doesn't change at all; she just allows Professor Chiron to remove the hat from her head, stands up, and trounces off to the Ravenclaw table. Percy keeps his eyes on Annabeth the entire time he's being sorted, but he isn't put in Ravenclaw and that's okay because as soon as he sits down at the Hufflepuff table and sees the smiling faces adorned in yellow, something like hope grows in his stomach and he starts to believe that he can do good here. (ooo) "Are you lost?" He says it without thinking, and because he's spent the past two days wanting to talk to this girl, and now that both of them are alone and in the same place, Percy thinks that it's a perfectly good time to open his mouth and say something. He does not count on the way her eyebrows immediately constrict and her face turns sour. "I'm not lost," she says, lips a thin line. "I'm fine." "Okay," Percy says simply, getting closer to her. She takes a step back, expression haughty. "I'm lost. Can you help me?" "Where are you trying to go?" She looks like she's balancing something on the edge of her nose. She's taller than him, and she stares down at him with an expression that borders on offended. "Astronomy. That's where you're going too, right?" Annabeth quirks an eyebrow. "Yes. How did you know that?" "Our Houses have the class together," Percy points out, allowing his finger to jab the place on his schedule where the information is revealed. "Anyways, can we walk together if you know where you're going?" She stares at him as she dithers, clutching the book that is folded in her arms close to her chest. Percy takes this time to stare up at her, adjusting his yellow tie for something to do. He wants to seem like he's casually observing, not like he's drinking in her face. But, really, he's trying to figure out why he's so drawn to her. He's pretty sure it's her eyes. Percy has never seen eyes like that before. "I don't know where I'm going either." She chokes the words out like they're something scary or disgusting, biting her lip as soon as they've left her mouth. "We'll figure it out," he says. When he smiles at her, it isn't a real grin. He doesn't want to scare her away with a large smile or a big laugh. She seems like the thing balancing on the tip of her nose could fall off at any moment, and although he wants it to, he isn't sure that she's quite ready for it to go away. So Percy shrugs and smiles and pulls out his map and tries not to make any sudden movements when her hair brushes his arm as she bends over the map. He really likes her hair. (ooo) People have been talking about Quidditch since September, so it only makes sense that the stands are completely packed during the first game of the season. Percy files dutifully into the stands with everybody else, trailing behind Jason, who is practically wetting himself with excitement. Percy's mom never really told him about Quidditch, and he wonders if his dad had talked to her about it when they were together. Maybe he hadn't. There isn't much that his mom hadn't told him before he came to Hogwarts, as many of his bedtime stories had come in the form of tales that his father had told his mom. With Jason leading the way, it isn't surprising that they end up in the Ravenclaw stands. Percy feels out of place with his yellow Hufflepuff scarf, but that's nothing to how he feels when Jason stops short right next to Annabeth and sits down next to her. It's suddenly as though his limbs are separated from his body. He clears his throat awkwardly before taking his seat next to Jason, who is chattering casually to Annabeth, oblivious to Percy's reaction at unexpectedly being thrown into her midst. "Hi." A voice to his right causes Percy to turn, and when he does, he is assaulted with a view of bright red, frizzy hair, barely tamed by the Ravenclaw knit cap that is perched on top of it. "I'm Rachel." "Percy," he replies, giving her a smile. He's usually more vivacious than this, but being around Annabeth makes him nervous. "Nice to meet you." "You too," she sees, scrutinizing him closely. Rachel glances between Percy and Annabeth, squinting her eyes slightly as she sees the widening of his own. "You should sit next to her." "Why?" "I think she likes you." "You think she… what?" "Well, I think she could like you," Rachel corrects, a grin crossing her face. "There's a difference." "Um?" Before he can say anything else, or ask one of the million questions that have popped up in the two minute conversation he has had with Rachel, Jason has turned around at the sound of her voice. "Is it true, Percy?" he asks, looking shocked. "Um, what?" "That you've never seen a Quidditch game," Rachel presses, nudging her elbow into his side in a way that could only be considered wrenchingly painful. "Because I haven't either, so I think you need to sit between Jason and Annabeth so that they can explain stuff to you." "Oh, that's not a problem-" Percy begins to say, but he's cut off by Jason standing up and indicating that the two of them should switch seats. Which is how Percy ends up seated right next to Annabeth, his arm pressed up against her smaller arm, his hands carefully placed on his knees so that he won't accidentally touch her and incur some sort of wrath. "So," Jason begins, clasping his hand around Percy's shoulder. "That's a Bludger, and that's a Quaffle, right there, and what he ' s looking for is the snitch, which is a tiny-" Percy doesn't pay attention to Jason because a gust of wind has just alerted him to the fact that Annabeth's hair smells like lemon. "So," he says, cutting off Jason mid sentence and turning to Annabeth. "Quidditch is pretty amazing, huh? Actual human beings flying on broomsticks in the sky for an organized sport. Who would have thought that could ever happen?" She looks down at him, slight disdain in her expression. "I've been playing since I was little," she says finally, her voice stiff. "So… sure. I suppose so." He doesn't understand how someone who seems so magical could be so utterly