A/N: Hannah (ananbeth) convinced me that this was a good idea, so if it sucks, blame her. It actually didn't turn out as I planned, but I still really like it. Thank you to Ashley for beta reading, and to Taylor Swift for existing/inspiring the title. ~writergirl8 There are three albums on her iPod with the name "Percy Jackson" in the artist category. His first, third, and fourth ones, actually, because he released the second after he had blown to the tops of the charts and the studio was desperate to keep him there. But he'd taken full creative control over his third and fourth albums, and that's why Annabeth loves them so much. She spends all day listening to the "pump up" music of the iGeneration, and when she comes home, all she wants to do is pour a glass of red wine and let acoustic music float through the speakers that are fastened to the walls in her apartment. Listening to him singing in person, rather than in the privacy of her own home, is an entirely new experience. His voice soaks into Annabeth's skin, and she can picture his sheepish smile from where he stands on stage- he's known for that ridiculous, awkward smile, and when people tell him that, he just smiles even more awkwardly. He's singing Annabeth's favorite song from the third album, but he's playing a guitar version of it because they wouldn't let him wheel an enormous piano onto the stage. He could have done it to a track, but Annabeth has never seen Percy Jackson singing without his own accompaniment. Despite his status as a chart-topping musician, his sold-out shows always have a tiny, intimate feel to them, no matter how large the audience. He doesn't put on a show; he just immerses himself in the music. She's seeing that tonight. "Annabeth, you're up now," says a guy with a headset, click his pen to cross something off. Annabeth smiles, even though he's already turned away. "Thanks," she says, then closes her eyes and jumps up and down twice to get some energy. She adjusts her costume, then counts to ten and plasters an appropriately-sized smile onto her face. It used to take longer for her to psych herself into going out on stage, but she's been doing this since she was fifteen. It's second nature by now, and that's why it's easy to pump her legs to the beat of the music and feel the beat of it in her heels. This particular song doesn't have anything but Jackson's guitar and his voice; the set is minimalist, with large, looming shadows of trees covering the pixelated floor and gracefully swooping weeping willows looming over Annabeth's head. All of them are fake, handmade, but that doesn't stop this set from being Annabeth's favorite. The costume to go with it is her favorite as well, with the intricately embroidered and beaded bra, both her favorite color. She's got dark green panties to match the green bra, and her heels and wings are white. Annabeth truly does feel like a fairy, and even though she has spent most of her life actively trying to not get caught up in this lifestyle, she does allow herself to sink into the moment. And she's fine, too, until Percy Jackson turns to her as she passes him and offers her a sheepish smile, as though asking her if he's doing okay. Annabeth starts to laugh at how wide his eyes are, and how they're not daring to wander anywhere below her chin. God forbid he see the tops of her breasts. It's not like the rest of the world has, right? She's the last Angel left on the catwalk, and she feels like she's ruined the entire thing because, after sharing one silly moment with Percy Jackson, her model pout is officially gone. Annabeth slips off her shoes as soon as the set is finished, groaning and massaging her heel slightly before she walks back into the dressing room, where the other Victoria's Secret Angels are preparing themselves for the next and final set. "You're beaming ," Piper points out, poking Annabeth in the side as she passes. She's wearing a bright red bra and panty set, and the beads on her breasts glimmer in the soft glow of the dressing room. "Why? You know this is only the dress rehearsal, right? We can't eat pasta until tomorrow night." At the mention of the word pasta, Annabeth lets out a mournful groan before shooting a glare at her roommate. They always share a hotel room for their photoshoots around the world, and they tend to take great pleasure in teasing each other about carbohydrates. Annabeth is 95% certain that, 24 hours from now, they will be home from the after-party, very buzzed and shoving linguini with alfredo into their mouths. The other 5% says that Piper is going to be getting laid. She's exotic and beautiful, with skin that glows no matter what she's wearing. If either of them are going to be using the room for purposes other than eating or sleeping, it's Piper. Annabeth is the "girl-next-door" angel, hired to seem attainable to the masses. She's never been allowed to be anything but safe, sweet, and sexy- the blond hair that curls into springs around her waist is anything but edgy. The only unusual thing about Annabeth's appearance is her eyes, and she's heard about their beauty from so many photographers that she's starting to resent them. When she was first starting out, Annabeth's biggest trouble had been getting her eyes to look warm and welcoming. All she'd wanted to do was close herself off from what was going on in front of her, from the flashbulbs and the men and the other girls prancing around in lingerie. But her photos had seemed cold and calculating, and so Annabeth had forced herself to learn to lift the shade over her eyes and create a look of warmth within the cold gray. After that, she was kind of unstoppable. "Hey, Jackson!" calls Piper, and Annabeth whips around just a little too quickly. "You're gonna crash into Lexi's fikus." He's got a hand over his eyes, trying to shield himself from the 42 girls in their underwear. "Sorry!" he says as he switches directions and collides with a half-naked Angel, who is trying not to laugh at his predicament. "Shit! Oh my god, I'm so sorry!" Hailee ducks as Percy spins around, narrowly avoiding getting hit by his guitar. "Whoa there, cowboy," Piper says, walking up to him and removing a hand from his eye. "It's okay. We're all girls here." "I think he can see that," calls a model from somewhere in the room, and everyone whoops in enjoyment. The truth is, they're all so used to seeing each other in their underwear that it doesn't really matter. They're all hot, they all look good naked, and none of them really care anymore. When Annabeth had first started out, her reactions in the dressing room had been more along the vein of Percy, purposefully avoiding all breasts. But now she can strip in front of anyone and she doesn't bat an eyelash. "I'm so sorry," Percy says again, his eyes wide. "I just have to get through to the other room- my set's done and I-" "Hang out back here for a while," Piper says easily, grabbing Percy on the arm and tugging him towards her and Annabeth's chairs. Quickly, Annabeth turns away and begins patting her sweaty cheeks with powder foundation, trying to make herself look less… dewey . While Piper and Percy had hit it off immediately, he hadn't been able to look at Annabeth for the first few hours that he'd been backstage before the show, and he'd barely said two words to her the entire time. She's used to it. They meet talented people all the time, and sometimes, those celebrities disappoint them by being rude or aloof. Annabeth doesn't know why Percy Jackson's indifference is making her cringe. "Hey, I'm sorry," says a male voice, more quiet now, and Annabeth looks up from her makeup table to see Percy looking determinedly at the ground, his cheeks bright red. "For what?" she asks. "I, um, nudged your chair slightly with my leg." Annabeth and Piper exchange amused glances. "Is this the first time you've ever seen a half-naked woman?" Piper asks, and Percy's eyes shoot up to her, his mouth dropping open slightly. "I- what?" "It's just… you're kind of virginal ," Piper says pointedly. She shrugs at the look of horror on Percy's face. "Shit, I'm not a virgin! I just don't think that I should be looking at your-!" "Why not?" questions Annabeth frankly. "Everybody else does." "That's what we're here for," Piper points out, reaching down into her bra and adjusting her breasts. Percy's face remains unchanged. "Oh, hey, Annabeth, you need tape." When Piper leans over and starts using the double-sided tape to secure Annabeth into her bra, Percy lets out a squeak and turns bright red. "Well, I gotta go!" he says, backing up and colliding with one of the younger models. She lets out a squeak at almost the same timber as Percy's was, sending Annabeth and Piper into fits of giggles. "See you guys naked. Oh, shit, I mean later. Later. See you guys later." Piper is still giggling as she twiddles her fingers in Percy's direction, shaking her head. "You just know that kid is a momma's boy." " Such a momma's boy!" Annabeth agrees, putting an earring into her left ear. "And I happen to know that you've got quite the taste for momma's boys, Annabeth Chase." "Well I happen to know that you've got quite the taste for Jason, so if you antagonize me about it, I'll tell ." Piper knows that Annabeth is kidding, but her mouth still drops open in indignance. "You wouldn't!" "I've known Jason since I was a kid!" Annabeth simpers, her voice mock innocent. "It's so difficult to keep things from him. Piper claps a hand onto her shoulder and moves in very close. "I will kill you," she says, slowly and clearly, grinning all the while. "You do know where I sleep." "I do. Best to keep it on the down-low, in that case." Piper bops Annabeth on the nose and heads out to the stage. She's in the beginning of the next, and last, set. Annabeth is more towards the middle, so she has a bit of time. Still, she allows her hair to be fluffed by some of the people that are hired to keep the models looking perfect and continues to fix her makeup. By the time she's on stage, winking at the nonexistent audience, and back off, Annabeth is more than ready for the after-party. "We probably shouldn't drink too much," Piper notes, zipping up the side of her skin tight red dress. At home, the both of them prefer to walk around in leggings and giant sweatshirts. But they've spent enough time in this business to know that they have an image that they need to project in order to continue being successful in this career. "We have a long day tomorrow." "We can sleep until eleven, though," Annabeth recalls, thinking of their itinerary. Sleeping in is encouraged, and they're going to be out so late the next night. As she steps into her turquoise dress, Annabeth considers all of the things she would rather be doing than going out tonight. Studying, for one, because she's in her junior year of college alongside all of this pandemonium. And reading, for another, because Annabeth started a book on the plane- much to the chagrin of Piper- and she hasn't been able to stop thinking about it all night. Except, of course, when she was thinking about Percy Jackson. Who is currently seated in the corner, looking painfully awkward as several models tease