Chapter 1 I woke to snow falling outside the castle, it wasn't a heavy blizzard nor was it a small flurry; it was a gentle snowfall with the coldness of early November following close behind. When I put my bare-feet upon the floor I shivered from the chilled stone floor briefly before heat began to run through me, the effects from the fireplace across the dormitory. Looking at my watch I knew it was still early but I decided to head down to breakfast anyway, no sense waiting for Ron as he'd still be about an hour with Hermione following close behind. Ever since the end of the war she had gotten nearly as bad as he was in the mornings, there had been times where shed nearly miss a class for being asleep. I shook my head to think of the change she was going through. As I dressed I peered around at the sleeping forms of my friends, all of them were changing…I only wished I could see a change in myself. It had been a hard few months following the end of the war. A lot of grief, a lot of trials and even more rebuilding. The castle took a few weeks before it was in nearly the exact shape as it was before, a few of the professors decided to, since they were working on it anyway, improve a few sections here-and-there and the overall completion was finished near enough of three months. I, like Ron and Hermione, were offered places in the Aurors, it just didn't feel right anymore and so I told them no. Ron, however, had accepted on the condition that he finish school first which was only because Hermione had insisted upon it. Ever since I told them I had declined the offer, which even Hermione didn't do though she was offered a position in a relatively new branch of the Aurors, Ron hadn't really been the same with me and I could tell Hermione had been spending less and less time with me. Why? I don't really know but I've been too exhausted to really try anymore. Everywhere I go people would be in private conversations, notes passed and looks shared while I walked through it all with seemingly no idea what was going on. I walked down through the corridors with a disinterested expression on my face. To be honest…I didn't really care all that much about finishing school, it wasn't that I didn't care about finishing a job or having a career it was the fact I hadn't been able to move on yet and it appeared as though everyone else had already. Professors largely left me alone in class and the students did as well, the younger ones stared of course but the older ones treated me no different than a regular student, which was good except for the fact they also avoided me. It bothered me at first but now it seemed like any other day. "Potter," Draco Malfoy acknowledged as he descended the stairs opposite me, turning down the same corridor as I. He looked ragged and a shell of who he once was, his hair was longer and his features gaunt. My childhood rival however spoke with the same determined voice that I could never forget however. "Malfoy," I replied without breaking stride but my eyes shot back to the stairwell he came down, for a second I thought I saw a flicker of movement. I even went so far as to almost stop but Malfoy kept walking and began speaking. "Early morning today?" he asked quietly as we came closer and closer to the Great Hall. I gave a shrug, forgetting about what I thought I saw. "Didn't feel like waiting any longer." "Same here…" he nodded with his hands deep in the pockets of his trousers. "…Pansy is an absolute monster in the mornings. A total witch if you pardon the pun of course. All those bloody women are you know, the Greengrass sisters and their friend…she's the worst of them all, Tracey Davis. She's the one to look out for believe me. One time she nearly choked me out when I woke her accidently as I was leaving a bit too early." Raising an eyebrow at him he returned the gesture and shrugged. "What?" "Nothing Malfoy," I said diplomatically, before walking into the Great Hall for the first time that day. I noted the absence of every student and even most of the teachers, except for a few scattered around it was pretty much empty. Walking towards the usual table I was hardly surprised when Malfoy followed me and sat across from me. "I feel like a bit of bacon and eggs today," he explained, reaching for a cup of tea first however. I pushed the bowl of scrambled eggs towards him and he toasted his mug lightly in gratitude. "First snow of the year today." I nodded, looking up and out of the windows. "I'll probably go out for a walk later." "Why in the name of Merlin would you do that? It's cold, ice cold mind you, and you'd get all wet from the blasted snow." I laughed, genuinely laughed, before seeing his look. I reached up and pulled at the already wrinkled red and gold tie. "Because it's fun Malfoy, relaxing even being completely secluded in nature, just you out there with the snow falling down around you. Once, way before I knew I was a wizard, probably when I was about seven I think, I snuck out of my cub-my room and just walked in the snow for hours. Never felt more relaxed really." Malfoy looked at me for a moment before he began to pile food onto his plate, at least he was eating I thought, and then looked back up at me. I thought for a moment he was going to comment on my stuttering about my room, I almost started to sweat when he went in a different direction than I expected. "I was never allowed to go out into the snow or rain for that matter, mother always said it wasn't proper." "Well of course not, that's why it's fun," I took a bite out of a bacon strip as I spoke, he listened quietly and seemed to contemplate my words before I gestured towards him. Positively relieved I didn't have to explain anything about my first 'bedroom'. "You can come with me if you like." "I may take you up on that offer," he explained before going back to his breakfast. I too returned to my breakfast and the next ten or so minutes it was quiet while we ate. Once and a while we would share a glance and one time he raised his glass again to toast it, I laughed and did the same. Where did our friendship come from? Well I'm not so sure it's a friendship rather than two people simply sharing each other's company. It all started way back in July, the trails had been finished and I had spoken on behalf of Malfoy and his mother, as well as Pansy Parkinson and a few other Slytherins…though only Malfoy knows I spoke on his behalf since I interrupted the trial in true Dumbledore fashion. Since then we had met up for drink once or twice before school started, I had returned his wand to him and offered to help repair his family's mansion but Malfoy had politely declined in favor of leaving the mansion for good. No place would take him in and so I awkwardly extended an invitation to stay at the cottage up in some isolated Scottish village, a property I had recently discovered I owned, for the duration of the summer. After a day or two he owled me and accepted. Somehow, when we got to school, it became almost natural to meet up in the morning and share early breakfasts or go to the kitchens for a late meal. While doing so we chatted about nothing in particular. "Did you hear me Potter?" I looked up from my plate. "No, sorry, what did you say?" "I said I feel like this year is different." Taking a sip of orange juice I found myself unable to disagree with him. "That's true-" He looked like he wanted to talk more on the subject and I couldn't blame him on that, I quickly discovered once he got comfortable around someone he was incredibly hard to shut up. There had been times when I said goodbye at least three times and yet he kept talking, I didn't know he actually had so much to say, in all the years I knew him before the war I couldn't even say we actually spoke once when it wasn't arguing or calling each other names. But I knew I couldn't get too annoyed by it, he had no one to talk to and it was quickly becoming apparent I didn't either. "Hello Harry Potter…" the dreamy voice of Luna met my ears and I turned to face her with a smile. "…and hello Draco, it is pleasant to see you overcoming your furniturephobia." Draco frowned and watched as Luna skipped down to her own table and began to dig into her own breakfast. He looked down at himself a little self-consciously before looking back up at me to see me laughing quietly, holding a piece of toast in my hand. "What the devil was she talking about?" Malfoy demanded. "Relax Malfoy." Malfoy and I had split up at the Great Hall with the intent to take a walk down by the lake later that evening. We stayed until most people were getting up and heading down to breakfast, he left the table before any of my housemates saw and when he did, I decided I was in need of a walk before my first class. He had a free period while I was stuck having to head to one of the classes I actively despised; Divination. But there was one good thing about that class, because Voldemort was killed, she didn't keep prophesizing my death every two days. She was one of the professors who generally ignored me now, I sat at the far back and to the right, and I was alone in the class as Ron had finally dropped it just as Hermione had all those years ago. Thinking of them, I never saw them come down to breakfast before I left, must have really been running late that morning. It was still snowing when I took my seat, I took my robe off and set it on the chair beside me so now I wore only my white button up and tie. I rolled up my sleeves and leaned back, preparing to snooze through this class until a girl came up and sat beside me. I peered over and saw it was Pansy Parkinson. I was surprised she walked over to me, after her much public attempt to hand me over a few months ago it seemed as though she avoided me at all costs, even after she was pardoned…which I helped do of course yet she didn't know…I was like a leper or something. "You need to come with me right now," she said quickly, gathering my robe in her arms and grabbing my backpack. Her hair was pulled up in a hurried bun while her robes seemed disheveled as if she had been running, she was breathing heavily too. I could tell she was attempting to keep from causing a scene but it wasn't working too well. "Why?" I asked stupidly, standing up from the table as she stood. I blinked in confusion because she had a tear in her eye. "Alright let's go!" Without waiting for any allowance from the professor, who I doubted had any idea of the scene we were making in our hurried escape, we charged out of the classroom. Along the