A/N: I know the combination of these two pairings are a little weird. I blame the movie Drive Me Crazy which I recently watched before this. This is fluffier than my usual one shots. That's not saying there won't be smut, there will be but it is not the main focus like it is for some of the others. A brief note this starts as mostly epilogue compliant but will contain a major character death because it is necessary for the plot. This doesn't take from cursed child at all I just haven't been emotionally ready to read it yet. Roses and Thorns "He is the most irritating person I have met," Rose Granger-Weasley complained to her mother as she sat at the kitchen table. "I'm sorry to hear that dear, but how was your first year of school? How were classes? How were exams? How is Headmistress McGonagall? Have you been staying out of trouble I didn't get any disciplinary letters, but you are more like me than your father and I always was better at not getting caught," Hermione queried her daughter as filled with questions and excitement for learning as she was when she was a student. Rose rolled her eyes twirling a red curl around her finger as she answered her mother, "You and dad seriously mom I swear you only care about classes and he only care that I made the quidditch team. Classes were fine, the headmistress is good, and you already my results you know I was top of the class just like you." Rose took a moment before answering her mother's last question, "Well as I just said I am very like you mother. Truly I don't care that Al is in Slytherin, but really I don't think he could have found anyone worse to be friends with that arrogant stuck annoying prat Scorpius Malfoy." Hermione sighed shaking her head at her daughter, "I had a similar problem with his father. He use to tease me mercilessly about everything from my family, to my grades, to my looks. I couldn't really tease him about that last one because he was irritatingly beautiful." Just then Ron strolled into the room a look of pure horror on his face, "Mione love did I just hear you call Malfoy beautiful. He was a total git." Hermione stood on her toes to give her husband a peck on the lips as his expression quickly morphed into a smile. "Yes dear, he was as a child and it's irrelevant anyway, we were actually talking about Scorpius Malfoy. I am sure Harry told you he and Al have become fast friends." Ron's look of horror returned as he glanced at his daughter, "Rosie darling tell me you don't have a crush on him do you?" Ron relaxed at the expression of disgust which cefused his daughter's face, "Dad that's gross. I mean all boys are gross, but Malfoy really dad? Eww. But the look on his face when I caught the snitch before him in the final match was priceless. I can't decide if I like that better than the look on his face when he saw the class rankings with my name on the top of all the lists." "That's my girl," Ron chuckled ruffling her hair. Hermione Granger-Weasley stormed into the headmistresses office furious with her daughter. Her riot of brunette curls practically crackled with magical energy. "Dragons Rose! Dragons sweet Merlin I only had to deal with two, well three if count the one from the gringotts vault, my entire school career. In your second year you were raising an entire clutch of swedish short-snout dragons inside the castle." Hermione gently grabbed her daughter's arm, gesturing to the burn present there and then the few burns present on Albus and Scorpius seated quietly beside her. Minerva sat behind her desk trying to smother a smile, and maintain her stern expression. "This is dangerous Rose, full grown swedish short-snouts produce a blue flame hot enough to reduce skin and bone to ashes in seconds. Where did you even get the eggs in the first place?" Rose looked at her mother and then the headmistress. Then she looked down not meeting Hermione's eyes, "We found them." Hermione sighed guessing where or from who her daughter found them. "Anyway we weren't sure if they were viable, but just in case I owled uncle Charlie to come get them but I didn't think there was a need to hid them in trunk with an extendable charm and some blankets. It must have been warmer in there then I thought because before I knew it they were hatching and then we had to take care of them until uncle Charlie got here. We did a really good job only one of them got out and we put out the fire in uncle Neville's green houses before it damaged too many plants." Hermione sighed again, "I am disappointed in you Rose and you Albus. You will be lucky if Ginny ever let's you leave the house again. You are lucky you three didn't expelled or worse killed." "Good to see you have your priorities in better order now, Granger." Draco Malfoy drawled from the doorway. "Granger-Weasley," Hermione corrected automatically. " and -Weasley, I was actually not through talking to your children yet would you please wait outside and when I release them I will see you two." Hermione felt her cheeks heat as she exited into the hall with Draco. They stood awkwardly in silence for a few moments. "So," she began. "Granger," he started to say at the same time. "Go ahead Draco." "I was just wondering where the rest of the gaggle is Potter and the Weasley's, I expected you to all be here. I am sure Potter and Weasley will be delighted by their children's exploits." That made Hermione a bit defensive, "Harry's on duty as an auror, Ginny has quidditch training, and Ron is watching the shop while George takes his wife out for dinner. They knew I could handle this, where is your wife anyway. Daphne's younger sister Astoria, wasn't it?" Draco's face which had been relaxed suddenly became cold and closed off. "I haven't seen Astoria since Scorpius was six months old. She was lovely really, able to surpass all the prejudice we grew up with much easier than I, and I truly loved her. I am not sure she ever really wanted children or if her having Scorpius was just for me. But something was wrong after he was born she tried to connect with him and she just couldn't. I came home one day and she had dropped Scorp off with my parents and a note for me. It said she didn't want to inflict on her child the fate she had, to have a mother who couldn't love him with my whole heart. She sent me divorce papers a while later and told me he was better with no mother than her, but she wanted me to be able to find someone else who could love him and me like she couldn't. I, however, haven't been able to move on yet. So it is just Scorp and me." Hermione impulsively threw her arms around him in tight hug, "I'm so sorry," she murmured. For a moment Draco froze and then returned her embrace. "You and Scorp should consider yourselves invited to the burrow for Christmas and New Years. He is Albus's best friend and like for Ron and I that makes him an honorary member of the clan and by extension you," Hermione said quietly still holding him. "We usually spend Christmas with my parents but News Years I think we might accept," he replied just as quietly. "Ron will want to kill me, but Molly won't mind. You can bring them to if you want the Delacours will be there too and Angelina's parents. Draco I swear if your father says one word about poverty or blood status I will hex him in week and never invite them to anything again," Hermione warned. Draco laughed a little at the last giving her a startled look, "You've never used my name before, Hermione," the use of her given name sounding tentative on his lips. Just then the door swung open and they jumped apart like children caught doing something they shouldn't. Two years later Hermione snuggled closer to Ron on the couch at the burrow as she watched the children play around the Christmas tree. Rose and Scorpius were having an argument again but when Albus got in the middle they turned on him and soon ended up in a heap on the floor trying to tickle each other. The three had made their own trio Hermione had observed since being called to the headmistresses office, she was glad Rose had been able to set aside her previous dislike for the boy. Hermione smiled as her gaze turned to Draco who was currently being climbed on by four small children: Percy's youngest daughter Maggie, George's young twins Remy and Daniel, and Bill's young son Louis. Draco looked happier than she'd ever seen him. Even his parents were doing well Hermione reflected as Narcissa sat chatting happily with Molly, Andromeda, Apolline Delacour, and Andrea Johnson. Lucius had wandered out to the garden shed with Arthur as he had become fascinated with his telly. Ron brushed his lips against her cheek and Hermione turned the full force of her smile on him. "When you look at me like that I feel seventeen again love," Ron whispered to her. He paused surveying their family, "I thought you were barmy when you came home and told me you invited the Malfoy's to Christmas. But you know he's not as much of a git as he could be and I'm actually rather glad they are here." Hermione turned so she could kiss her husband full on the lips, and as she pulled back she smirked at him, "You should know by now Ronald I am always right. I am the brightest witch of my age after all," she teased lightly. "Careful who you tease love or I'll tell Malfoy you thought he was pretty when we were in school," Ron to teased her back. Hermione tried to look offended as she punched his arm lightly but her laughter ruined the illusion. Rose raced through the corridors gripping her bag tightly her long red curls streaming behind her. She was sure she could hear Filch behind her, when she saw Scorpius emerging from a darkened corridor. She dashed for him. Rose lightly set her bag on floor, pressing her back against the wall she grabbed the front of Scorpius's robes and pulled him down for a searing kiss. Rose's only thought had been to escape filch and Scorpius, being much taller than she was, would obscure her from Filch's view. But as soon as their lips met, for the first time Rose Weasley thought of nothing at all. Her mind went blank, and she only felt as heat spread through her. She dared to let her tongue slip into his mouth to battle hotly with his. Her hands released their grip on his robes to slip around his neck and she used her new grip to pull herself even closer to him. His arms in turn wrap around her holding her closer still. He dragged his lips away from hers and begins to kiss her neck. Rose gasped at the unexpected and delightful sensation feeling her knees go weak. The sound of her own gasp startled her, and confused by how fast this was suddenly going Rose shoved Scorpius away hard. They gazed at each other panting. The desire in his molten silver gaze, caused an answering heat to pool deep within her. "I...Scorp...Filch," Rose stammered nonsensically before regaining her composure, "One of the ingredients for that potion we need is hard to get. Like even dad or