I do not own any recognizable characters or plot. All of it belongs to J.K. Rowling. I'm simply writing this because I like Draco/Hermione stories, and wanted to see things go how I wanted them to for a change. Chapter 1 August 24th (Monday) Like most mornings, it was a dim and cloudy day in southeast England. Would the sun ever come out of hiding? Maybe. Would it rain today? Very likely. The tiny bit of light that was visible in the sky shined through a window and into Hermione Granger's very simple lavender room. She lay in bed fast asleep as light hit her pale face. Hermione awoke to the sound of faint tapping. "Ugh" she groaned as she turned away from the noise. Still, the sound was there. Tap, tap, tap . Finally, Hermione checked her alarm clock and saw that it was only eight o'clock in the morning. Mum and dad will have left for work already… who's knocking on my door, she thought. She finally turned over and sat straight up causing her curly brown hair to fall sporadically around her face and on her shoulders. Tap, tap,tap . She stood and walked to her door and opened it only to find no one there. Her heart began to speed up. Who's in my house. Before she had time to think of a reasonable explanation, she hear the tapping again. Whipping her head around, she finally found the source. She breathed a sigh of relief, it's only an owl tapping on the window . Hermione quickly walked over to her window and swiftly opened it. "You gave me quite the scare you know" she said to the gray owl. The owl was carrying a letter from Hogwarts, and Hermione quickly unattached it from the owl's foot, giving it a quick pat on the head when she was done. The owl was off, and Hermione was left with the letter. I've been waiting on this , she thought with a broad smile plastered on her face. Ever since Hermione and many of her classmates agreed to return to Hogwarts for their seventh year, she had been expecting to be named Head Girl; after all, she was the "brightest witch of her age." Hermione opened the white envelope and pulled out the gold parchment. The letter read: "Dear Miss Granger, Due to your exemplary marks and exceptional leadership skills, I am pleased to appoint you to the position of Head Girl. I trust that you will strive to uphold the values of this fine institution and lead by example as you have for the past six years. Your instructions will be given to you on the Hogwarts Express on September 1st, and inside this letter you will find your Head Girl's badge. Yours Sincerely, Minerva McGonagall" Hermione squealed with delight while clutching her letter, and she couldn't help but smile from ear to ear. She was now even more excited to return to Hogwarts in a week. It was the last week of August which meant it was time for her to make her way to Diagon Alley for supplies. Hermione made mental notes of everything she would need to get. I definitely need new robes. Shoes are fine and in good shape. Books. For classes this year I need books for.. lets see. Transfiguration, potions, charms, history of magic, and herbology. Not too bad, and if I sit for all five N.E.W.T.S I'll be golden. Oh, maybe I could drop by a book shop to pick up some books for pleasure from my list. That should be all, unless I'm forgetting something. After a quick shower and brushing her teeth, Hermione dressed and headed to the kitchen to get some breakfast. Since it was summer, Hermione enjoyed spending her days relaxing and reading. Since she had read and reread every book she owned, she decided that today she would reread Hogwarts, A History. She could practically recite the book word for word at this point, but that didn't matter. August 28th (Friday) Unlike every other day of her summer, Hermione couldn't just read and relax. She had spent the last two days packing and getting her lists together for what she needed from Diagon Alley. Since her parents had work this morning, she had already said her goodbyes the night before. Today, she would return to the Burrow to stay with the Weasley's until it was time to depart for Hogwarts at King's Cross Station. Hermione took a last look at her room, shrunk her trunk to pocket size, and left. Upon her arrival to the Burrow, Hermione was greeted by a very bubbly and excited Mrs. Weasley followed by Harry and Ron. "Oh, darling Hermione how was your trip," Mrs. Weasley inquired. "Very pleasant, Mrs. Weasley," Hermione responded. "Great to hear, dear, now lunch will be ready soon," the red-headed woman said as she left for the kitchen. "Good to see you Mione, hows your summer been," asked Harry. "Yea great to see you, what have you been up to," Ron added. "Oh, the usual, reading and more reading," she said as she embraced her friend Harry. Hermione gave Ron a half-hearted side hug, her best attempt at casualty after their romantic relationship had fizzled away. "Please tell me you don't plan on reading instead of hanging out with us," said a familiar voice. Over Ron's shoulders Hermione could see Ginny coming down the stairs. Hermione let go of Ron and tightly embraced her friend. "So good to see you too Ginny," Hermione said as she and Ginny rocked from side to side in their hug. "We have so much catching up to do," Ginny said looking Hermione directly in the eyes. "Yes, yes we do," Hermione replied smiling. Harry and Ron left the two girls to go outside, presumably to fly around on their brooms. Hermione followed Ginny upstairs to her room. "So.." Ginny said, "You wan't to tell me what happened between you and Ron? That was probably the most awkward hug I've ever witnessed." Hermione sighed, I knew this was coming. Hermione began her story of how she and Ron just drifted apart. After the war, they mutually agreed that the only reason they were really together was because they spent so much time with each other. Hermione still had feelings for Ron, but they were beginning to fade. Ginny listened intensely, and at the end of Hermione's story she finally spoke. "Well, you and my brother definitely were a good pair, but you can find better. Maybe even this year you'll meet a nice, handsome fella," Ginny said suggestively. "Oh Ginny, I wish" Hermione sighed, "but you're forgetting that I've already met everyone in my year!" "It's still worth a shot," Ginny shrugged. "Not getting my hopes up. I'm perfectly content being on my own. School comes first anyway so that I can get a good job after graduation," Hermione smiled. "Speaking of school, did you get Head Girl," asked Ginny. "As a matter of fact, I did get Head Girl," Hermione beamed. "Oh, congratulations Hermione, I just knew you would," Ginny said excitedly. "Girls," Hermione and Ginny heard from below, "lunch is ready! Come on down!" The two girls made it downstairs just as Harry and Ron were coming inside. "Hermione got Head Girl!" Ginny announced to the whole room. Hermione began to blush as everyone congratulated her. "That's great Hermione," said Harry smiling at her, "I guess I'll call you boss now since I'm a prefect." Hermione smiled back at him. Maybe this job will be easier if I have a friend with me. Everyone chatted over lunch about what they had been up to that summer and their future plans. As they were talking, Hermione stole a few glances at Ron. Every time she looked his way he was looking at her too. She could feel the warmth in her cheeks. Stop looking at him Hermione, there's nothing there. She had to keep repeating this to herself if it was going to be true. Things just didn't work with Ron, and she knew because she never felt a spark when she was with him anymore. The most that was there was just a slight attraction. When lunch was finished, Harry and Ron went back outside while Ginny and Hermione went upstairs. They're going to get sick flying right after eating , Hermione thought. Back in Ginny's room, the two girls had a whole set up put together. Nail polish, face masks, cucumbers for the eyes, and scented candles. The two thought that they'd catch up over a spa day. Dressed in fluffy robes and slippers, both girls began to paint their toenails. It wasn't long before they finished manicures and pedicures and moved onto facials. Once the lavender scented candle was lit and their face masks on, the girls put the cucumbers on their eyes and leaned back onto the bed to relax. "So," Hermione said, "how have you and Harry been?" Ginny smiled to herself. "Good. We've been talking all summer and spending time together here and there. It's hard to be alone here since Ron is always hovering. I'm sure he's upset his best friend has a girlfriend and he doesn't anymore," Ginny said. "Well, that's understandable," Hermione said softly. For the next few minutes, the two girls chatted about different things such as who was returning to Hogwarts and the classes they were taking. "Hermione," Ginny started. "Hmm," Hermione responded, clearly deep into her relaxed state. "Do you have any idea who got Head Boy?" Merlin, I haven't even thought about that. "No idea. Guess I'll have to wait and see." The two girls cleaned themselves up only to continue to sit around and chat. Outside, Harry and Ron were practicing broom tricks as the sun started to set. "You think you'll be quidditch captain this year, Harry?" "I bloody hope so, I've already thought out who gets what position," Harry said chuckling. "Yea we need to get practicing to beat Slytherin. Those bloody snakes have probably been having team practices already," Ron said with a huff. Harry just nodded in agreement. As the two were flying, Harry noticed Ron looking in Ginny's window and staring at Hermione. "Hey mate, if she takes those things off her eyes and sees you staring at her you're going to scare her half to death you know," Harry said to Ron. "Yea, yea, I know. I'm stopping. It's just hard," the red haired boy said. As the sun set, the two boys got off their brooms and headed inside. The boys went inside just in time for dinner. The girls and Mr and Mrs Weasley were already at the table. "Dig in," Mrs Weasley said excitedly. Mr Weasley made conversation about Muggle contraptions, and asked Hermione about a few. "Well, Mr Weasley, people use tellys to watch programs and movies," Hermione said to satisfy Mr. Weasley's curiosity. "What are programs and movies," he asked. Hermione looked to Harry, both were trying to figure out how to explain it. Finally, Harry said, "Well, they're like plays, only on a telly. And they're about different things." That's the best either of them could come up with, and Mr. Weasley seemed satisfied, which is what mattered. After dinner, Ron, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny all retreated upstairs to their respective rooms. As everyone drifted asleep, the house became silent. August 29th (Saturday) As the sun began to rise, the light shone down onto the large and prestigious manner. Through the window, the light illuminated the hair of a certain boy. The entering light shined in his eye, and Draco Malfoy woke up. The white-blond haired boy sat up in his large and magnificent bed. His green silk sheets contrasted against his pale skin so nicely. Draco got out of bed and caught sight of himself in the mirror. I look pretty good in the morning if I do say so myself . He