A/N : I'd been meaning to do a Jacob x Seth story for quite sometime and I finally got around to it. I didn't really have a certain world in mind when I wrote this (book-verse/movie-verse) so it could be either or to your preference. However I did picture Taylor Lautner and Boo Boo Stewart in their roles as Jacob and Seth which is what I based their appearances on in this story, since I know Taylor's Jacob differs slightly in appearance from Book-Jacob but mainly I think it's just the height and hair. This story takes place during Breaking Dawn. Warning: Contains sexual content not suitable for those under the age of 15-16. Disclaimer: I do NOT own The Twilight Saga nor do I claim ownership of any of its characters, content and/or material. Seth Clearwater stood outside the Black residence contemplating what he would say to Jacob when he saw him. He knew his friend hadn't been in the best of moods lately, Seth suspected it had to be something Bella and/or Cullen-related. However last he spoke to Bella she claimed she hadn't heard from Jacob in quite sometime and no one else seemed to know what was going on with him. Worried, Seth decided to pay the Black family a visit. He cared for Jacob deeply, dare he say even ... loved him? Sometimes he felt like he was the only one who really did. If only Jacob felt the same way about him ... After gathering his nerves, Seth knocked on the door. "Ah, Seth! This is a surprise. Good to see you son, how's your mom?" Billy Black answered the door with a smile. "She's doing better, we've got Charlie to thank for that." Seth answered happily. "So I hear, well that's good news. So what can I do for you Seth?" "I was just wondering if Jacob was in? He hasn't been answering his phone." Seth asked hopefully, his heart dropping. Immediately Billy's expression dimmed down, growing stern. Billy cleared his throat and shifted his eyes to the ground. "Uh, well. Yeah he's in but he's not ... well he's a little under the weather." "Oh ... well I can come back if-" "No, no you came all this way. Besides, I think Jacob could use some human interaction, it'll do him some good. God knows he hasn't had any." Billy said as he wheeled himself back into the house, gesturing for Seth to come in. "He's in his room." "Thanks." Seth said as he entered. He could feel himself getting nervous as he headed for Jacob's room, not knowing what state he'd find his friend in. The last time he was dealing with something Bella-related Jacob was inconsolable, no one could get through to him. Seth had no idea what he was going to do if Jacob was anything like he was then. "Ngh..." came a groan from Jacob's bedroom, followed by what sounded like wood hitting the wall repeatedly, most likely a bed post as it rocked back and forth. Seth was slightly startled by the banging coming from the room. Was Jacob hurt? Was he having some sort of spasm that he was shaking the bed? Seth hurried towards the door, rushing in without knocking. "Jake! Are you-" Seth stopped mid-sentence, completely shocked as he felt his face heat up, turning red. There on the bed was Jacob, staring back at him with wide dark eyes frozen in shock, his mouth gaping open as he stared up at his new intruder. "S-Seth! I-" Jacob tried to explain however he couldn't find the words to explain why his shorts were slid down around his ankles and his hand was firmly grasping his large, erect penis throbbing hard against his palm. "Uhh..." Seth quickly exited the room, closing the door behind him. The young wolf stood in the hallway completely embarrassed and shocked that that had just happened. Did he really just see Jacob's dick!? Seconds later Jacob opened the door, his lower body clothed once again. Both boys stared at the ground awkwardly. "You can um, come in now..." Jacob said, embarrassed. Seth forced a small smile as he entered the room. "Sorry man, I didn't mean to interrupt your ... private time." Seth said, forcing a small grin. "Let's just drop it, alright?" Jacob said strictly. Seth took the hint that the older boy wasn't in a playful mood. "What are you even doing here Seth?" "I just wanted to see you. Make sure you're alright. You haven't been picking up your phone and everybody's pretty worried and-" "Bullshit. No one's worried about me. You're the only person to check up on me in weeks." Jacob said grimly as he sat down on the bed next to Seth. "Well I'm worried, so what's with you man?" Seth asked. Jacob sighed deeply, rubbing his tired eyes before finally speaking. "... They're getting married." Jacob said weakly referring to Bella & Edward, his expression hard and intense. "She chose him." he revealed. "Shit..." Seth said, trying to be sympathetic. "Look Seth, I really don't feel like talking about this. I appreciate what you're trying to do but I'm not in the mood." Jacob said. "That's cool, if you want we could talk about how I caught you jacking off, ever heard of locking the door dude?" Seth joked, actually drawing a small laugh out of Jacob, making the older boy smile for the first time in how long. "Haha fuck you, ever heard of knocking? " Jacob retorted, lightening the mood. "So is this what you've been up to? Sitting in your room masturbating?" Seth said. "Well more like trying and failing, ever since this wedding news came my way I haven't been able to get off." Jacob admitted, slightly surprising Seth. The younger boy hadn't expected Jacob to be so honest with him. "Sounds like somebody's sexually frustrated." Seth suggested. "Maybe. It's driving me nuts. I haven't came in weeks, I'm backed up like crazy." Jacob blurted out, again surprising Seth. "Oh, sorry dude, that was way too much info." Jacob added, possibly noticing Seth's blushing face. "No, no it's fine. Really." Seth said as his heart raced. A thought had come to him, starting as a joke but quickly forming into a serious idea. The young boy mentally calmed his nerves and took the biggest risk of his life. "You know ... maybe I could ... help you out." Seth blurted out, his gaze fixed on the ground, not daring to look Jacob in the eyes. "What?" Jacob said with a chuckle, thinking it was a joke. However when he saw Seth's face, looking towards the ground, nervous. The older boy quickly realized Seth was 100% serious. "Seth, are you- ... are you coming onto me?" Jacob asked raising an eyebrow. "No, that'd be gay. I'm just offering to help you with your ... blockage." Seth clarified, re-stating his proposal. "You're offering to make me cum? And what exactly is not gay about that?" Jacob said, amused. "Because it's not like we're boyfriends. We'd just be one dude helping his bro out with a problem." Seth said. "Seth..." Jacob began. "Jake you can look at it however you want, but all that frustration's not gonna go away till you let it out. And the only way you're gonna do that is through sex." Seth explained, making Jacob seriously think about his offer. "You're saying we should have sex?" Jacob asked, taking Seth's offer a bit more seriously now. "Well it's not like you've got a lot of options, besides it's not gay because we're not together or anything like that. We'd be like-" "Fuck buddies?" Jacob said, again with an amused tone. "Yeah something like that, but more like butt brothers." Seth said, making both him and Jacob erupt into laughter. "Seth, do you hear what you're saying right now? You're just a kid. And your sister would kill me if she-" "She doesn't have to know. No one has to know. It could be our little secret..." Seth said in a lower tone, emphasizing the secrecy with the slightest hint of seduction in his voice. A flirty grin on his lips. "Seth..." Jacob said softly as as he felt a stirring within him. Something about the young wolf's proposal was working over his animal-instincts, adhering to his wolf nature. Maybe it was just the fact that he missed Bella, or really missed the touch of another human being. Maybe it was his desire to be wanted. Hell, maybe he was in heat for all he knew. But all he did know in this moment was that he wanted Seth Clearwater in every way physically possible. "Trust me Jacob." Seth said as he placed a hand on Jacob's bare knee, before the older boy could even answer. Jacob watched with nervous eyes as the young wolf sunk off the bed they were sitting on, dropping to his knees. "I wanna make you feel better." Seth said sincerely, looking up at Jacob with those dark, innocent eyes now filled with a subtle lust. The older boy gazed down, sitting still as a statue as Seth's hands began unbuttoning his shorts. Jacob couldn't believe this was happening, but he certainly wasn't going to protest. He inhaled sharply once he heard the sound of his zipper sliding down, his fly was now completely open. "Seth..." Jacob said once more, now in a soft, breathy whisper as Seth's fingers brushed over his clothed erection. Seth felt the intense wolf-heat radiating from Jake's crotch. He kept that same, sweet grin on his face as his fingers crawled towards the opening in his briefs. Seth's eyes kept an intense gaze on that bulge in Jake's underwear as he felt the touch of hot, hard flesh on his hand. "S-Seth!" Jacob said again now in a surprised moan as Seth's soft hand grabbed his dick. "Wow." Seth whispered to himself as he felt the large rod-like appendage in his hand. It was so hot against his palm and it was throbbing like crazy. Seth quickly pulled it outward, forcing it out of Jacob's briefs. "Oh, WOW!" Seth exclaimed as the older boy's large rod sprang free, flopping out almost slapping in the face before stiffening upward, pointing right out of from Jacob's lap. "It's so big." Seth said, astonished at the enormous appendage in front of him. The young wolf had never seen another boy's penis in the flesh, he made sure to take in every detail of Jacob's massive penis. It had to be at least nine inches long and as thick as a soda can, Seth knew the Quileute tribe was hung but he would have never expected Jake to be packing this beautiful, cut, tan-colored monster. Bella sure was missing out, Seth thought to himself. Jacob labored his breathing as he grew embarrassed with his hard dick sticking out in the open-air, throbbing in Seth's grasp as the young wolf stared at it wide-eyed with an open mouth, completely amazed. Jacob watched intensely as Seth licked his lips, never taking his eyes off Jake's penis. The young wolf inched his face closer to it and looked up at Jacob with an adorable smirk that made the older boy's heart race. Finally Seth's tongue pointed out from between his lips, Jake inhaled sharply as Seth gave the large, tan head a small lick. "Ahh..." Jacob let a small moan escape his lips as he felt the wet tongue slide downward. "Mmm..." Seth moaned softly as he took in the taste of Jacob's penis, running his tongue down the long, veiny shaft, making it shine with his saliva. "Ohhh..." Jake moaned, his mouth slightly open as he watched Seth lick his cock. It was the hottest thing he'd ever seen. How many times had Jake pictured Bella in this same position, doing to him what Seth was now doing. Although in his fantasies nothing he imagined ever