Edit: I'll leave the announcements the way they are for the most part, but I wanted all of you to know that I have done some extremely extensive changes to the existing chapters. If you are one of my previous readers, you will definitely want to go back over the chapters and re-read them. Some chapters have few changes while others have major overhauling. Please tell me what you think! I was not happy with how it had turned out the first time and I had some new inspiration. Hopefully this time there will be better flow. .. A plot bunny that would not be ignored… I enjoy these stories very much, but sometimes they all seem wrong to me. So, here is my version of it. Don't worry, you'll understand why soon enough! Oh, and as a side note: everything is the same up to the end of book four. Everything else is taking a much different course. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I do not own anything but original characters. Oh, and I apologize if any of the Gaelic is wrong. I do not actually speak the language, so I have been using a translator. The translations for the speech in Gaelic will be towards the bottom. Chapter One " You killed me, Harry… how could you? If you hadn't insisted that we both grab the Cup, I wouldn't be dead. It's your fault that my parents had to bury their only son. It's your fault… all your fault, Harry…" The words repeated over and over in his head until he finally woke up, his lip bloodied in his body's subconscious effort not to scream out. He knew what might happen if he let himself scream. Tears were in his eyes as well and the fourteen, nearly fifteen year old boy immediately curled up and let out several sobs. His body was shaking as he tried to forget the images that were replaying over and over in his head with the accusations that were being thrown at him. These weren't normal nightmares for a young teen boy. No youth should have to witness a murder in front of his eyes. But it wasn't just that… they didn't even give him any counseling. Any sane person would make sure that he was still alright after something so traumatizing, right? But no… he was locked up back at his relatives. Not even his friends had messaged him! The only bright side was that recently he had gotten a letter saying that he would be picked up sometime in the near future. Of course, that was all that he knew, that they deigned to tell him… and somehow, he felt that there was something very wrong. But then again this was the life of Harry Potter so why should he be any surprised at all? Setting those thoughts aside for the moment, though, Harry climbed out of bed and made his way over to his trunk. He hadn't really unpacked for the summer, mostly living out of said trunk. Perhaps it had been some foolish hope that he wouldn't have to stay long. He was actually to soon leave supposedly, but it didn't make up for how long he had spent in the place. One day was an eternity and he had spent what felt like forever… but at least the Dursleys were giving him some space that summer. Not that it really helped, of course. This way he was left to his thoughts… and oh, how dark they were. Voldemort was back, but he knew nothing about what was going on. Screw the idea that this was supposedly the safest place for him right now. He didn't like being left in the dark! As he was musing over these thoughts, a heavy feeling suddenly came over the place like energy crackling in the air. Feeling uneasy, Harry made his way over to his window and carefully looked out from where he was hidden by the curtain. What he saw made his stomach drop. Deatheaters… he could recognize them even at this distance. How did they find out where he lived? A spy maybe? Either way, he had to find a way to get out. He scrambled over to his desk, writing a quick note. He then attached it to Hedwig's leg. "Quickly! Don't let you be seen," he pleaded with his owl before releasing her carefully out the window, trying not to be noticed. Looking down at the gathered group then, he bit his lip and grabbed his wand. His only relief was that they couldn't get in. There were the blood wards. He thought he remembered Dumbledore mentioning something like that. If anyone meant him harm, they couldn't enter, right? But then his eyes suddenly widened as a thought came to his racing mind. But… Voldemort had used his blood in that ritual hadn't he? The bastard had mentioned something about protection… wouldn't that void to Voldemort the wards around the house? He hadn't seen the man yet, but that didn't mean that he wasn't there or would appear soon. Why had Dumbledore not thought of this? Harry thought this frantically. Then, as if on cue, Harry's scar flared and a tall man stepped forward. Removing his hood, it was revealed to be Voldemort just as Harry had known it to be. Not even stopping to think, Harry ran away from the window and made his way into the hallway. As he turned away from the window, he missed the spell that Voldemort shot towards the suddenly visible wards. Inside, ignoring the no magic rule completely, Harry locked the bedroom doors with a few spells so his relatives wouldn't be able to get out. He didn't want them getting in the way, no matter how much he hated them. He had seen enough death… Running downstairs, he tried looking out the windows hoping to see an opening somewhere. But every way was blocked…. The house was completely surrounded. "Come out, come out, wee little Potter!" A hissing voice called out, full of malicious amusement. The very sound of it made a shiver go down Harry's back. Tightening his hand around his wand, he looked around frantically. What could he do? Going out there would be suicide… Would anyone come? He had used a spell… maybe the Ministry would come? But just as he thought that, there was high pitched laughter. "Little Potter knows we are here! He even used a spell! Just what is the Boy-who-Lived-only-to-die planning? Naughty, naughty! The Ministry isn't so happy! They want to give little Potter a trial! Too bad he'll be there in pieces!" Well, that certainly answered his question, Harry thought wildly as he tried to block out the roaring laughter from the death eaters. But the Ministry wouldn't come. Of course they wouldn't when they could instead send useless mail! Harry knew Voldemort was taunting him, but he didn't know what to do and it had him panicking. He had to do something – anything! He had to get out of this alive somehow! Frowning then, Harry quickly summoned his Firebolt. Maybe he could fly out… if he burst out the door – exploding it for a weak attempt at distraction – then maybe he had a chance. He didn't know what sort of chance, but it was better than just waiting around for the death eaters to come get him. He certainly was one of the best flyers at Hogwarts and he had dodged dragon fire during the Tournament, so maybe he could avoid spellfire as well. He could only hope that maybe he had even a small semblance of a chance. And right now… it was certainly his only chance. It was better than the alternative before who knew what sort of things Voldemort would do to him once he got his hands on him. Harry shivered at the thought and quickly banished it. He was a Gryffindor anyhow, right? They were known for their idiotic bravery. But this wasn't bravery… this was desperation to save his own hide no matter how reckless he was. But then, he wasn't known for being intelligent, was he? Doing things as he flew by the seat of his pants… Steeling himself this reckless notion he was attempting, Harry grimly mounted his broom and took a deep breath. He could do this… Raising his wand, he clenched his jaw for a moment before slicing out a quick spell. "Diffindo!" The spell exploded toward, taking the door with it and raining a mixture of wood, plaster, and decorative brick outwards. Not even bothering to wait, Harry flew out through the debris and then shot straight up. On the ground, the Deatheaters were stunned before they quickly regained their bearings and started shooting spells towards Harry's vicinity. Most of them missed through sheer luck and Harry's panicked swerving. But as he had not seen what Voldemort had done to the wards, Harry suddenly impacted against them. He was immediately stopped and suspended in the air, pain flaring out through his entire body. It was like electricity or hell fire he decided faintly with the small portion of his mind not overwhelmed by the pain. Harry could not hold back his tortured screams from the reaction of the wards and, as he writhed, a crimson spell flew true and slammed against his back. But what happened next, no one could have predicted. Harry's body started to glow with the crimson colour of the spell, the magic of it twisting and warping the magic of the corrupted blood wards. Blood magic was fickle, classified as dark in nature. With an even darker spell twisted with the decaying blood magic, it warped into something wholly different. The death eaters could only watch as the air around Harry started to warp and twist visually, a strange hissing sound filling the air. None below dared to move; although when the wards suddenly exploded many shields were thrown up. Many deatheaters also apparated away. When the light cleared, Harry Potter was nowhere to be seen. ((Page Break)) Pain… all he could feel was the pain. Groaning softly, he shifted and tried to sink back into the blessed darkness. He didn't know how long he had been out, but all he knew was that he wanted to go back. It didn't hurt there. But he slowly felt himself waking up, so there was nothing to do about it. Opening his eyes slowly then, he first tried to figure out where he was. He didn't recognize the place at all… feeling a raising panic; he slowly tried to climb out of bed. But before his feet could touch the dirt floor of the little hut he was in, a voice interrupted him. "Ní ba mhaith liom é sin a dhéanamh dá mba mé tú." It was the voice of a young boy, maybe around the same age as him. Looking over quickly, he noticed that the stranger had bright red hair and amused light green eyes. He did look about the same age as him so his initial guess of his voice had likely been correct… Although, he was perhaps a little taller and he did have the beginnings of lean muscle. But all that he only gave a passing glance at. What took over his attention was the language that the boy spoke. He didn't understand a word of it… "Bhí tú ag chodladh le tamall maith. Níor chóir duit a bheith ag dul suas." The boy was smiling as he closed the door behind him and then set down some firewood into a box near a small fireplace. "Cad a tharla duit? Fuair mé tú i réimse, an talamh go léir a luaith thart timpeall ort." Swallowing, he climbed back into bed. "I… I cannot understand you." He finally stuttered out, making the other boy look at him in surprise. "Cad é? Ní dóigh liom go dtuigeann tú." The boy looked puzzled, obviously having the