Twilight and its characters are property of Stephenie Meyer My best friend embraced me in a hug assuring me that my father and I were safe from the vindictive vampire that wanted me dead. But at that moment all I could think about was how good his arms felt around me. His warmth and scent were intoxicating and I never wanted to let him go. "Jake could you stay with me a little longer? I don't want to be alone." I pleaded with him hoping he wouldn't deny me. He nodded and followed me into the house. We went right up to my bedroom and at first neither of us knew what to say. Hours earlier I'd just found out that Jacob and his friends were the giant wolves that saved me from Laurent in the meadow. Laurent had said that he'd come on Victoria's behalf but then I found out from Jacob that she's been here herself. They keep chasing her away but she always returns. She was constantly trying to find a way past them, to get to me. "I couldn't stand it if something happened to you because of me." "We know what we're doing Bells, just relax." "I'm sorry I told Charlie, I feel like such an idiot. It's my fault he's hunting you now." "You didn't know, don't blame yourself. Besides, they'll never find us." I couldn't help but feel like a lunatic for going in the woods alone that day desperately trying to trigger my hallucinations of Edward. But Jacob was avoiding me then and without him I didn't know what else to do. My heart still hurt from Edward's absence but when I was with Jacob I didn't think of him at all. I felt whole again and I could let myself be happy. Something I haven't felt in months. I looked at him on sitting on my bed and even fully clothed I could see the muscles underneath. I've tried to ignore my attraction to him but it had gotten so strong I just couldn't anymore. He was the epitome of masculine beauty and it was hard to resist the urge to touch him. Our eyes met and I felt my knees get weak. To Edward I was a mystery because he couldn't hear my thoughts but Jacob always seemed to know exactly what I was thinking. He moved toward me and my heart began to race. He pulled me to him and his fingers gently traced the outline of my body. I quivered beneath his touch, the sensation of it sent shock waves down my spine. He ran his fingers through my hair and bent down to place a kiss on my neck. The feel of his soft warm lips on my skin made me ache between my legs. "Jake please, kiss me." I begged and he eagerly complied. I used to think that nothing could compare to kissing Edward but I was wrong. Kissing Jacob was so much better. His lips against mine made my nipples hard and my panties damp. He tasted so good I knew I was addicted. Edward was always so tame, afraid I would be hurt if he let go. But Jacob was wild and passionate and I loved every second of it. I couldn't get enough and I whimpered in protest when he pulled away. I grabbed hold of his shirt pulling it over his head. I loved his chiseled muscles and couldn't resist rubbing my hands across his chest and down his sculpted abs. I could feel the goose bumps form where I'd touched him and his erection was pressed against me. "Bella what are we doing? I should go." He said huskily in my ear and the need in his voice only turned me on even more. "No, don't go. I need you." And just like that our lips reconnected and I could feel that he wanted me, needed me the same way I craved him. I knew that this would change everything between us. There was no way that we'd be able to go back to be being friends but I didn't care. Until now I hadn't realized that I'd been falling for Jacob, but now there was no denying it. He undressed me slowly, savoring the sight of my naked flesh as it was revealed to him. "You're so beautiful." He stared down at me in awe and I couldn't help but blush. "But are you sure about this? I don't think you're over Cullen, it wouldn't feel right. I couldn't do this knowing you'd be thinking about him." "Forget about him Jake, it's you I want. I want you." I told him and I meant every word. His hesitation disappeared and he swiftly pulled his pants down his hips revealing his large erection. My eyes widened in surprise and I could practically see his ego swell. Despite how much I wanted to feel him I knew fitting that inside of me was going to hurt like hell. He laid me on the bed and his lips were instantly kissing on my neck. He could tell by my moans how much that turned me on. His tongue flicked across my nipple and I cried out in pleasure. His hand traveled down to my thighs and I eagerly spread them for him. He started rubbing my clit while still sucking on my breast and I thought I was going to go crazy. My back arched and my body convulsed as I succumb to my orgasm. "Damn, that felt so good." "I'm not through with you yet." He said as his warm wet tongue replaced his fingers on my sensitive nub. My hands were fist in his hair while he licked me like I was his favorite scoop of ice cream on a hot day. I grinded my hips against his tongue as I sang his name over and over again. My orgasm ripped through me with so much intensity that my hands gripped the sheets, my toes curled, and my eyes rolled in the back of my head. I cried out so loud that I was sure my neighbors heard me but I couldn't care less. I felt his weight ease off the bed and he quickly returned rolling a condom over his long thick shaft. I gulped in fear and my throat went dry. He sensed my hesitation. "We don't have to do this, I wouldn't be upset if you decided to stop." I shook my head no. "I'm just a little nervous. I've never done this before." He already knew that of course but he nodded. As hard as it was to believe I could see in his face that he hadn't either. He was just as nervous as I was, he was just good at not showing it. I kissed him in an effort to relax us both and it worked, but I tensed when I felt him pressing against my opening. "Bells you have to relax. I'll be gentle I promise." And he was very gentle but I was still overwhelmed by the pain as he was working himself into me. My nails dug into his back and tears escaped my eyes. "Are you alright?" He stopped when he saw my wet face and I could see the concern in his eyes. "I'm fine." I urged him to continue. "I expected it to hurt a little." A little was an understatement but I wasn't going to tell him that. Besides the feeling of him moving inside me, his moans of passion, and the look of pure ecstasy on his face made it all worth it. Soon my body adjusted to the feel of him and the pain turned into an indescribable pleasure. My hips moved in rhythm with his every thrust and everything else ceased to exist. My senses were full of Jacob and the amazing things he was to doing to me. My hands gripped his firm ass pushing him even deeper inside of me. "Fuck Bella you feel so good." He moaned in my ear. "You're so tight and wet." His dirty talk brought me over the edge and my inner walls tightened around him as I came yet again. My legs trembled as I felt Jacob's powerful release. We laid there for a while just holding each other. My eyes were closed and my body felt weak. When I opened my eyes Jake was smiling down at me and I smiled back. I was hit by so many emotions at once it was overwhelming. I'd just lost my virginity to my best friend and now I was terrified. I'd heard enough stories of how guys change after they'd had sex with you. I couldn't lose Jacob, I just couldn't. I wouldn't survive. "What's wrong?" "Do you still see me the same way?" "What are you talking about?" "Are you going to disappear now that we've -" "Of course not." He cut me off before I could finish my sentence. "Do you think I was only interested in sleeping with you? You know me better than that. I care about you Bella, I want you to be mine." "Are you saying you want me to be your girlfriend?" "Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying." "Hmm." I pretended to think about it but I was bursting with joy on the inside. "Nothing would make me happier." His smile was a mile wide and he kissed me making me melt. Then he suddenly jumped up disposing of the condom and racing to put his clothes on. "Charlie's coming up the street." He explained and I got dressed in a hurry as well. "I have to go. The pack is waiting for me." He hugged me tightly and leaped out the window just as Charlie's key was turning in the lock. I could smell sex in the room and sprayed a little air freshener and headed to the bathroom. My hair was all over my head so I ran the brush through it in an effort to tame it. I felt so different that I didn't expect to see the same Bella when I looked in the mirror but it was still me. My lips were a little swollen and my cheeks were flushed but other than that there was no sign of what just happened. "Bells?" My father's voice called out to me and I washed my face and hands and joined him in the living room. "Hi Dad." "Hey Bella." He did a double take and he blushed as his eyes surveyed me. "What?" I asked self-consciously and I noticed it that it was my neck he was staring at. I saw my reflection in the window and couldn't believe I didn't notice the huge purple hickey on my neck. I couldn't stop the blood from rushing to my cheeks and I waited for Charlie's angry outburst but it never came. "I'm glad you've moved on honey. Who is it?" "You really have to ask?" He nodded in understanding trying not to smile. But I could still see how pleased he was, it was written all over his face. But the truth was no one was happier than me. Over the next week I spent a lot of time alone and I missed Jacob fiercely. Charlie had given up on finding the wolves after his friend Harry Clearwater died while they were hunting them in the woods. He couldn't find any trace of them anyway and he was beginning to question my sanity. Jacob told me that Victoria was responsible for Harry's death and that she had gotten close to Charlie. So I was more than relieved that he wasn't going back in the woods anytime soon. But Jake and the pack weren't going to give up until Victoria was dead. So I buried myself in school work to pass the time but nothing could substitute the feel of Jacob's warmth. I replayed that night over and