Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight. I just play with her toys. A/N, the first: We all wrestle with imprinting. It's the rabid elephant in the room that, like Glenn Close in Fatal Attraction, refuses to be ignored. What follows is my latest take on the subject we all love to hate. A/N, the second: As always, much love and gratitude to my literary RIO, little furry cannibals. She is my dearest friend in the fandom and although I could write without her, I'd enjoy it less and crash & burn more. xOxOxOxOxOx Imprinting. The word, the event, the possibility of being cursed for life, or given the most precious gift, hung over the head of every unmated wolf in the pack. When Quil thought about it at all he either figured it would never happen to him – it was supposed to be rare – or the spirits would gift him with the most awesome copper skinned, Victoria's Secret Angel princess ever to walk the earth. She would live only to cook for him, satisfy his every sexual fantasy, and bear him strong sons and beautiful daughters. She would be sweet and obedient. She sure as Hell wouldn't be Melody Rose Matthews. Melody Rose Matthews was average height with pale skin, cornflower blue eyes, burnt honey gold hair, and curves that should have stopped 10 pounds ago. Quil didn't know if she could cook, and he had no intention of ever finding out if she was willing to fulfill any of his sexual fantasies. She was wrong. The spirits had fucked up in a big way and his wolf – who went crazy puppy happy at just the mention of her name – was obviously blind. And stupid. And fucking nuts if he thought Quil was going to stand for being given a bargain basement reject for a mate. He blamed Bella for bringing Mel to Jake's that day. He blamed Jake for letting Bella bring Mel along to the party on First Beach. He didn't want to hear from Seth and Collin and Brady that Mel was nice and baked awesome brownies and offered to help them with their English homework. He didn't want to hear from Bella that Mel was well liked at school and had a beautiful voice. He hated it when Embry told him he was lucky not to have to look any more for someone who loved him; someone he could love back with no fear of breaking her heart. Not that he wanted to break Mel's heart. He just wanted her gone. She was the wrong size and color and he couldn't find the damned return label. Sam and the Council, including Old Quil, were adamant that Quil respect the gift he had been given, tell Melody about the imprint, and invite her to the bonfire to hear the legends and be welcomed into the pack. Under an Alpha order and in fear of his grandfather's wrath, Quil complied. Melody was attentive and polite. It was easy to see why people liked her. She was warm, witty, and just plain fun to be around. After the tales had been told and the Council had retired for the night, Sam spoke the words Quil had been dreading for some time. "It's up to you, Melody. The wolf will be whatever his imprint needs him to be. You decide what happens next." Quil refused to meet her gaze and Melody could almost hear him wishing the ground would open up and swallow her whole. She opted for a graceful exit. "Thank you, Sam. But I try not to force myself into places I'm not wanted. I'll just go home." The smile of relief and joy that lit up Quil's face thrust a dagger into Mel's heart and the wolf howled in rage and despair at the tears that filled his mate's eyes as she turned to go. The pack was stunned. Collin summed it up nicely. "Wow. I thought Paul was a cold hearted prick." "What? Sam gave her a choice. She chose to leave. End of story. Gotta go. There's a fine lady out there somewhere waiting for me." To everyone's surprise, Sam let Quil go without a word. Seth asked why. "Quil has always had to learn the hard way," Sam explained. "I'm happy to let him find out how miserable he'll be without her. But we're not going to leave Melody alone. I can't imagine how or why, but she loves him. His rejection is going to have consequences." Bella was asked to keep a discreet watch over Melody at school and the pack was instructed to include her house in their patrol routes. Jared agreed with Sam's plan and added that the pack should feel free to let Quil know they were protecting her – and to let him see the ill effects of his cavalier dismissal. xOxOxOxOxOx It didn't take long for said ill effects to kick in. It was no surprise to Melody that her heart hurt, and she felt hollowed out and lonely. The hope that Quil could have been more than a distant, casual friend was brutally crushed and Mel tried to chalk it all up to the broken heart everyone faces and lives through. She took a deep breath and got on with life. Day by day, though, taking that deep breath became more difficult. Her doctor said it was probably a virus and to rest and drink plenty of fluids. Neither helped. By the time the headaches set in Melody was resigned to the pain being character building and ignored it. Mel's parents had enough money to travel whenever they got the urge, so they did. More frequently than not, without her. It didn't take long for her to notice the fanged and furry friends hanging out in the backyard and it quickly got around the pack that Melody was an awesome cook and she preferred company to being alone. She even made an effort to know which wolf patrolled when and made their favorite foods. Seth was the first to notice that Mel had stopped eating, an observation confirmed by Bella who said Mel sat and read through her lunch period. Sometimes she had a juice, but no solid food. Leah dragged the story out of Mel over Shrimp Lo Mein. "You look like shit, Mel. What's up?" "Pretty much anything I eat. The doctor says it's a virus. I'm ignoring it until it goes away." Leah sighed. "Good luck with that. Does anything help?" "You know, I feel a bit better the nights Quil patrols. But he never comes in for dinner, so I'm pretty sure I'm kidding myself. Wishful thinking, you know?" Mel made herself a cup of tea. "He passes by like a ship in the night and I feel like crap all over again. A little worse, in fact. I wish he'd just stay away." Spearing a shrimp with her chopstick, Leah laughed. "We all want that. It could have something to do with the imprint. Maybe if you spent some time with him.." "Ooh, there's an image. The pathetic pudgy girl with her nose mashed up against the window of the candy store. I heard everything he didn't say, Leah. Seeing him will just make it worse. I'll be fine. It'll wear off." Leah was knowingly unconvinced. "I'll talk to Sam about it. Thanks for dinner, Mel." xOxOxOxOxOx Leah made Melody the leading discussion of the next pack meeting. All the pack members weighed in, even Paul, much to Quil's surprise. "What do you care, Paul? You were always making cracks about the size of her ass." "I thought she should put the cookie down and back away, not commit suicide by Ateara, dumbass. She looks like shit. Some girls need to be round. Just 'cause that's not my type doesn't mean I think she deserves to suffer because the spirits cursed her with you." Quil rolled his eyes. "Whatever. It's not like the imprint bond was sealed or anything. Humans get sick. It's probably a virus. She'll snap out of it." Jared glared at him. "And denial is a river in Egypt." Quil gave him the finger. "You just want more members for your little Gave My Balls To My Imprint Club. Next topic, Sam?" "Watch your mouth." Quil stuffed a handful of Doritos in his mouth and the meeting continued. Patrol schedules were reviewed, concerns were aired, and plans were made for the approaching holidays. After lunch the pack split up, each member headed in a different direction. Quil continued to run patrols past Melody's house as ordered, but he never stopped to listen or watch, and never spoke to her. Some days later Bella told Jacob that Mel looked worse than ever and had dropped out of all the classes and activities that Bella knew had given Mel so much joy and won her so many friends and admirers. "If this goes on much longer, Jake, the Guidance Office is going to get involved. They'll bring in a social worker or call Charlie to track down her parents. She'll wind up at Forks General – or worse. Can't you talk to Quil?" "Embry and I both have talked, yelled, threatened, and Em even begged for a minute or two. Quil either doesn't believe Melody is suffering because of the imprint or he just doesn't care. Honestly, he's starting to look pretty bad himself and he's eating everything too slow to get away from him. I'll talk to Sam. Again." xOxOxOxOxOx Under an Alpha order with a side threat of physical harm if he didn't actually make eye contact and engage Melody in conversation, Quil tracked her down one evening as she walked in the park. She could tell he was there, lurking in the dark, spoiling her attempt at having a quiet minute alone. Determined to ignore him and have just one minute of peace, Melody shoved her hands deeper into her pockets, hunkered down on the snowy park bench and took a deep breath. That was her first clue she wasn't alone. That, and the headache that had become her constant companion eased just enough that she could bear to look at the lights dancing and twinkling in the branches of the trees. Every now and then the heat from the lights would melt the snow and a rainbow colored drip would fall to the ground below with a soft plop. But she knew it wouldn't last. Her chest would tighten up again and the pain in her head would send her scurrying into the dark like a cockroach. "I know you're there, Quil. Either go home or grow a pair and face me." Melody glared up at the boy, now planted like a tree in front of her. "What do you want, Quil? You were crystal clear about wanting nothing to do with me. Why are you here?" "You're thinner, Mel. A lot thinner." Quil sat next to her on the bench and studied her face. She looked pale and the circles under her eyes made her look haunted. "Give me a minute. I'll figure out the down side to Paul not having an excuse to call me 'Chubby Spice.' Is that why you hate me? Why you rejected the imprint? I'm too well insulated for you?" Quil sighed. "I don't hate you, Mel. You're just… Well, you're…" "Adele in a Selena Gomez world?" "Exactly!" Melody rolled her eyes. "Looked in a mirror lately, Ateara? You're no Justin Bieber." "For which I am eternally grateful. Bella said you dropped out of the musical." "Bella talks too much." Melody pulled a hand out of her pocket and began pulling imaginary wooly boogers off her pea coat. Quil grabbed her hand and held it tight, not letting her pull it back away from him. "You had the lead role, Mel. It's your senior year." Eyes flashing, Melody met Quil's searching gaze. "It's hard to sing when it