o*o*o*o*o*o The morning sun streaming through the window warmed Bella's face and pulled her gently from sleep. She yawned and stretched – and froze. Something was wrong. Under the sheet and wooly blanket covering her, she was naked. Bella never slept naked. She sat up in bed, taking in her surroundings and realized that not only was she not in her own bed in her own room, she had no idea where she was. Laid out across the foot of the bed was a large t-shirt. Bella slipped it over her head and got out of bed to look for her clothes. A search of the room produced no results, and there was nothing under the bed or the mattress. It was quiet, wherever she was, so she guessed she wasn't in Forks any more. She padded quietly over to the window, hoping for a clue, and only discovered that she was definitely not in Forks nor was she anywhere she remembered ever being. The smell of coffee drifted into the room. Bella's stomach grumbled and she wondered at hunger winning out over fear. She stood still and closed her eyes for a second, listening. There was no sound other than the surrounding forest noises and no real sense of foreboding or threat. Having learned nothing of use in the bedroom Bella decided to venture out and look for answers. Slipping silently across the hall to use the bathroom, Bella proceeded down the hall to the kitchen. Seth Clearwater was sitting at the table, eating breakfast. He got up when Bella came in and set a plate of food at the place across from him. He poured a glass of orange juice and a mug of coffee for her and greeted her. "Sit down, Bella. Eat." "Seth? Do you know where my clothes are?" "Yes. Sit down and eat before your eggs get cold." Bella hesitated. As relieved as she was to see Seth, there was still a slight tingling sense of foreboding. "Seth, what's going on?" "Eat, Bella. Questions after." The tone of his voice told her she wouldn't get any answers until she did as instructed, so Bella gave in and sat down. There was nothing special about the food on her plate – fried eggs and toast – but the eggs were done just the way she liked them and the toast was perfect. Seth smiled and went back to his own plate as Bella devoured her food. Bella drank the orange juice and pulled her mug of coffee closer. It, too, was just the way she liked it with cream and sugar. Tucking a stray lock of hair behind her ear, Bella tried again. "Seth, I need to get home. Today's my wedding day." Seth met her gaze. Bella didn't recognize the man behind the neutral mask. "There isn't going to be a wedding, Bella." "What? What are you talking about? Why not?" "Because I can't let you throw your life away. You're out of time to pull your head out of your ass and see the truth. It's obvious to all of us that you can't be trusted to act in your own best interest, so I'm going to save you from yourself." Bella stood up, as if the miniscule gain in height would give her any kind of advantage over him. "This is ridiculous, Seth! Take me home! I love Edward. He's the man –" Seth grimaced. "Edward Cullen is the walking corpse of a conceited, spoiled, rich white kid with too much time on his hands. He's used to getting his own way and sooner or later, he will kill you, Bella. He says he loves you. What he really wants is to eat you – and not in a good way. Not on my watch. You belong to me." Bella stared at Seth as if he'd lost his mind. "What do you mean I belong to you? Take me home right now! Edward will be looking for me." 'It will take him a while to realize no one knows where you are. Longer to figure out where to even begin looking. Not that Sam will let him over the Treaty Line to search for you." Seth rose from his chair and rounded the table until he stood so close to Bella she could feel the heat of his body. As much as she didn't want to look into his eyes, the sculpted planes of his chest and abs were far more disconcerting. A warm finger gently tipped her chin up and Seth leaned down to brush his lips across her cheek and whisper in her ear, "You're my imprint." Bella quickly put some space between them. "I didn't know that. You never told me, Seth. No one told me. How could you have possibly kept something like that a secret?" "No one knows. I fought it and kept it secret because Jake is crazy in love with you. It really looked like you were getting better. I was sure that you'd fall in love with him. And I was willing to live with that. As long as you were with Jake I could be close to you. I knew he'd take care of you, protect and love you, and I could be a part of your life somehow. Then Cullen came back and you ran right back to him. I was sure Jake would change your mind or fight for you. Maybe even claim you himself. But he got too caught up in wanting you to be happy. He wanted you to have a choice. You chose wrong, Bella." Bella backed up a bit more. "But that's not necessarily a bad thing, right? Imprints can be friends. I need all the friends I can get. The Cullen's all love you. This will be great." Seth advanced on Bella, laughing bitterly. She backed away until she ran out of room and her heart sank as she realized she had backed herself into a corner. "Let me clear something up for you, Bella. We tell our imprints they have a choice because the whole supernatural shifter bullshit is a bit much to handle. The truth is the wolf is about three things. Protection, food and mate. Friends? Right. My wolf is not your friend. He may not be Alpha of the pack, but he's your Alpha and right now," Seth pressed Bella's hand over his throbbing erection, "he's howling at me to put you on your knees and make it clear to you who's in charge. I'm through fighting him on this, Bella. I am going to claim and mark you." Bella pulled her hand away in shock. "You can't! I don't love you, Seth!" "I love you with everything I am. Always have. I just don't like you very much right now." Seth slipped his hand under Bella's shirt and gently stroked her back. "The wolf just wants to hold you down and lick you. Love doesn't enter into it for him." Bella tried to retreat from Seth's heat and the way it felt to have his hands on her body, but there was nowhere to go. She tried again to reason with him. "Seth, this is wrong. Edward is your friend. Jacob is like your brother. I don't think you've really –" "Thought this through?" Seth pulled her close, tangling one hand in her long hair. He tugged gently until she had no choice but to look into his eyes. "There's not much to think about, Bella. You're my imprint. If I let Edward bite you, you'll die and I will, too. It's suicide." Seth ran his tongue over the pulse point in Bella's neck and nipped her earlobe. "I have better things to do." Any further protests were silenced by the insistent sweetness of Seth's kiss. Bella stiffened in rebellion at Seth's invasion of her space. She was righteously outraged that he would presume to take her away from all the people she loved and all the plans she had made for the perfect life that could only be lived as a member of the Cullen family. She had summoned the courage to walk away from Jacob and she would leave Seth Clearwater in the dust just as easily, imprint or no. Bella worked her hands between them and pushed against Seth's chest with all her strength. Seth took Bella's left hand and held it up between them. "Where's your ring, Bella?" "My ring?" "Yes, your engagement ring. Why aren't you wearing it?" "I… It's… I never wanted the damned ring! It's too much!" "What do you want, Bella?" "I want… I want a life. I want kids and a home and someone who loves me. What does any girl want? What do you want, Seth?" He responded by tracing the outline of her lips with his tongue and when she gasped at the heat of his hand cupping her soft derrière, he plundered her mouth with a passion Bella had only imagined she might someday experience. Little by little the heat of Seth's body and the warm velvet of his caresses seeped through a crack in Bella's resolve. For the first time in a very long while the pressure and expectations that weighed her down eased and she began to relax in his arms. There was nothing angry or aggressive about the way Seth touched her. He was every bit as warm and strong as Jacob, but he was quieter, softer, almost hypnotic. Jacob was Alpha in every sense of the word. He radiated power. He was vibrant and alive and straightforward. Seth was the power behind the throne. He was a candle in the window, mittens and hot cocoa on a winter's day, the unspoken truth. He was, Bella realized, as natural and easy as breathing. She stopped trying to push him away and let herself feel the man under her fingers. She knew Seth. She liked him. She stretched her arms up around Seth's neck and he lifted her up to his level, wrapping her legs around his waist. Bella looked into Seth's eyes and stroked his cheek. Sighing heavily, he closed his eyes and nuzzled her palm. In that unguarded moment Bella saw the boy she knew. The boy who had lost so much – his innocence, his childhood, his plans for the future. The boy who watched his father die. The warrior who had offered up his life against Riley and Victoria to ensure she lived to have another chance to make the right choice. Like the clouds parting to reveal the sun, the veil was lifted and Bella saw clearly how big a role she had played in all the pain and chaos that had impacted everyone's lives. She remembered how Billy and Jacob and even Edward had begged her to open her eyes and really think about what she was doing. For the first time Bella considered how her every action sent out ripples that touched the lives of everyone around her. In the light of the undeniable truth, what the Universe was asking of her now seemed a very small price to pay. Accepting the imprint and being with Seth, becoming a part of the Pack, was the first step in trying to set things right. Bella tangled her fingers in the midnight of Seth's hair and chose love and life. If Seth was surprised at the touch of Bella's soft lips on his, the wolf accepted it as only right and proper and barked at Seth to stop wasting time. Their mate was trying to accept them and they had already waited too long. Bella never felt Seth move down the hall, but she did feel the cool air when he stripped off the t-shirt she was wearing and laid her on the bed. She blushed furiously and tried to cover herself. Seth stretched out at her side and gently brushed her hands away. "Don't hide, Bella. Let me love you." Still