Just introduced myself to the fandom and this is my first fic under Harry Potter. Probably won't go any further than a chapter, but if you all enjoy it, then I can see a future for this story. Probably going to have to write it as I go though. I couldn't really find enough of this style of story which tickled my fancy, so I decided to try my own style. I hope you enjoy. Professor Minerva McGonagall swatted the letter onto Albus's desk, a proud smile on her face. Headmaster Albus Dumbledore studied the note, a hogwarts letter, and the address clearly printed on it. An old and wise eyebrow slowly lifted into the air, "is this true?" "I have double and triple checked the spell work" McGonagall had also gone to her colleague Professor Flitwick to check if their had been any errors with the locational spells, "there are no mistakes Albus" Dumbledore nodded briefly, his eyebrows knitting together into a look of concentration. "Albus? Isn't this good news? We now know where the boy is! And that he is alive!" The normally sparkling blue eyes glanced up at Minerva from behind his desk, before drifting slowly back down to the letter. Silence dominated the room for a few more brief moments, as arguably the most powerful wizard in england debated something internally. "Naturally I would agree, but the location of which the boy was found is deeply disturbing" Minerva paused, finally able to move her mind away from the success and accuracy of the location spell to actually consider the location. " Mr Harry Potter, The Largest Pile The Black Mountain on the Horizon Alaska, USA " Dumbledore was studying Minerva, watching her every slight facial expression and twitch of her hands or shoulders. He wouldn't dream of using the mental arts on her, but never the less wished she would be able to reach the same conclusions he had. "The United States? America?" Minerva paused in thought, "this cannot be his doing" "Indeed" Albus nodded, "Tom has no part in this misplacement of the child" "Another cult or group perhaps?" the transfiguration teacher took a grasp at the dark, hoping Albus would help prompt her. Dumbledore nodded. "If I recall correctly Minerva, almost 6 years ago the Goblins issued the nationwide debt announcement, freezing almost 100 million galleons in funds, urging families to reduce spending for almost five months" McGonagall cocked her head sideways in confusion, "and what does this have to do with Harry?" "Even with my own vast network of sources, the goblins, dwarves and even the werewolves were very hush hush about what actually happened" Albus had been worried before when none of his contacts in the magical community could tell him what was happening. Most themselves didn't even know what had happened, while others had not even been informed. Werewolves constantly patrolled the goblin external vaults, were offshore financial wealth was stored. They made excellent around the clock cheap labour. Remus had worked for a few weeks as a guard at one such facility in the caribbean, and even he was not told by his superiors as to the sudden gold panic. The clues I was able to gather gave me three points of information. Firstly, the crash in our economy was due to the goblins not having enough gold to replenish the vaults. Secondly, the dwarves were unable to provide that gold in a quick span of time. Lastly, but not least, it all has to do with The Black Mountain" Dumbledore locked his fingers together, resting his elbows on the table, eyes twinkling in the firelight. He was deep in thought. Fawkes cawed quietly at his friend, worried for him. Always the one to take the initiative, Minerva crossed her arms and stared right down at Albus. "Then we shall go there and investigate" Albus sighed, "Minerva, we cannot just go into goblin territory unannounced!" Now McGonagall raised an imperial eyebrow, "what if the boy is in danger? What if he is in trouble?" Albus hesitated here. It was very important to get Harry back and into safety. Albus couldn't care where he stayed, as long as he knew the location and could come to the boy's aid if he needed it. Any amount of rules broken were worth the risk in order to get Harry back. But some careful consideration was needed. "This could have very serious repercussions... if we're to go ahead with this" Albus warned, hoping Minerva would see some semblance of danger. They could invoke another wizarding war with the goblin nation all over again. The cat animagus merely scowled at the Headmaster, who in turn glared at her. "We must do something" she argued. Dumbledore was silent. A minute ticked by. Fawkes ruffled his feathers, ignoring the childish wizards. He already knew what path his friend would choose. "I'll request an international portkey for tomorrow" Albus huffed, looking away from the now smiling McGonagall. "Don't be a sore loser Albus, we need to figure out what is going on. The evidence and the letter all point to this Mountain" Dumbledore nodded. A thought struck the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. "Perhaps it would be best to bring a small group along?" If it was even possible, McGonagall's frown deepened. "And who exactly did you have in mind?" "Are we sure the spells worked correctly? Are we certain that Potter is at this, 'Black Mountain'?" Snape drawled impatiently, fidgeting within the Headmasters office. "For the last time Severus" Flitwick practically growled, startling everyone in the room, "I designed those tracking wards and charms myself. They are practically foolproof" "Practically?" Remus Lupin questioned towards his old charms professor. "Unless Mr Potter has been cooked alive in a vat of Basilisk Venom, then his magical core or whatever remnants of it are still anchored to the world, and thus the charm can detect him" Flitwick muttered hotly. "It's alright Filius" Mad eye Moody mumbled, "he meant nothing by it" he eyed Lupin with his functioning eye, getting the man to mumble an apology towards the charms professor for doubting him. Snape just snorted. The door opened and a massive shape stepped through it, dwarfing the other people in the room. "Sorry I'm late everyone, the Hippogriffs weren't too happy 'bout me leaving and all" Hagrid beamed, his umbrella by his side and a great big smile on his face. Everyone else in the room smiled back at the friendly giant and turned to behind Hagrid, where Dumbledore finally stepped through. "Good" Albus nodded at the individuals in the room, "I'm glad we are all here". A grim Alastor Moody, a bored Severus Snape, an anxious Remus Lupin, a beaming Rubeus Hagrid, an annoyed Filius Flitwick, himself and one scowling Minerva McGonagall were assembled in the smallish office. "We will be portkeyed to a location approximately three hundred meters from the base of the mountain. Our goal is to locate any trace or sign of one Harry James Potter if we fail to locate the boy anyway… a secondary objective is to see what has become of the Black Mountain. Any questions?" No one said a thing. Dumbledore's eyes sparkled, "excellent". The old wizard reached into his pocket, pulling out a miniaturized wheel on a sailing boat which instantly enlarged once it was clear of the wizard's pockets. "Grab a hold everyone" Albus smiled. Everyone in the room took a firm grip of the portkey and Albus muttered the word 'Heartstring'. In under five seconds they were halfway across the world. "My word!" Flitwick exclaimed, eyes wide at the destruction around him. They had appeared in a small clearing… more accurately, the remains of a small clearing. For almost a hundred meters trees lay strewn across the ground, their very roots sticking from the ground. Large trees, with trunks thicker than hagrid's body and twice as dense. The bright sky did nothing to hide the blackened soil and desolated landscape. "Be careful" Snape murmured, his eyes transfixed on the ground a few meters away from them, his gaze lay upon a space behind a fallen oak tree. "Why? Whats…" Moody went quiet after he hobbled over to Snape. Minerva gasped and Albus grimaced. Bodies lay strewn over the small hill on their right, armored forms flickered dully in the earth. Dumbledore could easily distinguish the red coat of arms of goblin soldiers, the fur matted bodies of werewolves, and the sturdy iron armor of dwarves. "There is so much death here" Lupin murmured, looking over the tree he was now crouched upon. "What happened here?" McGonagall whispered, clutching her wand tightly. "Greed" Flitwick whispered, the look on his face echoing an apparent dislike of the situation, "it would appear they turned on each other" A snort drew everyone's attention towards Snape. "No" he murmured, "look at the corpses, and how they are arranged. These were battalions with regiments moving up the mountain. Five goblins to a werewolf, and three werewolves to a dwarf" Snape brought his hand up to his chin, scratching it slightly. Spotted something on the ground he crouched, to inspect it. "They were fighting in the woods, with…" he reached down to the earth, pulling up a long bow which had been clutched in a goblin's hand, "long range weaponry…" Snape began to move through the bodies inspecting them. "Anything else Severus?" Albus promoted, his mind working at a mile a minute. "The wolves had climbing gear. Whatever they were fighting was high up" "Perhaps a dragon then?" Snape snorted at Hagrid's suggestion, "you do not need this many soldiers for one dragon" "What about multiple? Maybe a hundred?" Flitwick exclaimed. "Still… magic can be used to corral and then kill if that is what you intend… you would only need a few wizards at most" Snape moved carefully through, "I'd say giants were the cause of this, but because of the trees, I'd think not…" "Why because of the trees?" Snape didn't even bother to look at Lupin, his gaze looking further up the mountain. He merely pointed at an upturned tree, "Dark Root. One of the hardest potion materials to extract due to the amount of adhesion the tree's have with the ground" Snape touched one of the dead tree's, as if trying to sense what had happened. "It would take a hurricane to remove these tree's" "They were blown down this way, along with the dead" Moody growled, his 'mad-eye' focused on the mountain, "I can see where they were torn from the dirt" "A hurricane" Albus murmured, "how strange" Everyone turned to him, awaiting orders. Snape shared a stare with the Headmaster before nodding slightly. "We press on" Albus spoke, and the group began to advance up the mountain, evading dead trees, and fallen warriors. When the bodies stopped appearing, so did any greenery. About halfway up the mountain, the remainder of the tall imposing natural formation leveled off into rock spires and strewn boulders. "This doesn't feel good" Lupin was the first to speak upon his fear of the dark magic which saturated the air. "Something foul came through here… I'd wager it was as recent as that battle." Moody affirmed, wand drawn and eye darting constantly around the space. "Whatever did that" Snape gestured back down the mountain, "most certainly is what's responsible for the aura of the mountain. I highly doubt that the goblins left it like this, especially since it was partially controlled by the dwarves" Albus had his brow furrowed the entire time, the Elder wand resting in his tightened grip. After years of combating the unknown, and diving head first into some of the greatest secrets known to magic, Albus Dumbledore was left without a single clue as to what caused this atrocity. " You should leave " Six wands and a pink umbrella all spun towards the ghostly white figure which had floated out from a nearby boulder in the catacomb like space. "Speak clearly