Disclaimer: I'm just playing with JK's toys. Warnings: Contains SLASH. Rated M for a reason. Breaking All The Rules Chapter 1 "Anyone we know?" Granger greeted Draco as she walked into their shared office at the Ministry on Monday morning. "Zacharias Smith." Draco replied glancing up at his co-worker in time to see her brow wrinkle in disgust. "Really? I thought Harry had more taste than that." She hung up her coat before settling at her desk and beginning to sift through her post. "What on earth made you think that?" Draco retorted, flipping through the rest of the paper. Granger sighed. "I honestly don't know." Following their regular Monday morning discussion about Harry Potter's sex life, the day continued to progress as usual with both of them settling down to work in relative silence until eleven when the muggle-born witch made a trip to the file store. As soon as she was gone, Draco retrieved his copy of the Prophet from his drawer, cutting off the front page with a carefully aimed severing charm. He gave the picture one more cursory glance, noting the way Smith seemed to be more interested in playing up to the supposedly hidden camera than in actually snogging the Gryffindor hero in his arms, before adding it to the bulging file he kept secreted away in his desk. He was pretty sure that Granger knew about the file, but she had never mentioned it and Draco had no intention of confirming its existence by getting it out when she was around. By the time Granger returned to the office, Draco was back at work as though nothing had happened, barely even glancing up to acknowledge her reappearance. Unfortunately, she had brought Simon with her, one of the office assistants, who was helping her carry her thick stack of files. Simon was pleasant enough and always happy to help, but he had an unfortunate crush on Draco and seemed unwilling or unable to read the signs that clearly told him to bugger off. "Morning, Draco, good weekend?" "Lovely thanks." He didn't look up from the parchment he was perusing. "Do anything nice?" "This and that." There was a pause in which Draco assumed the boy was communicating silently with Granger and then, "Well, I guess I'll see you later." Draco made no reply, continuing to focus on the desk in front of him until he heard the door shut behind Simon. "You could give him a chance, you know. He's completely hung up on you." "Yes well perhaps he should be more selective over who he goes to bed with if he wants a chance at something better." Draco retorted with a tone that said they'd had this conversation one too many times. "If you continue to stick to that rule of yours there'll be no one left. How many is it now?" Draco shrugged. "How would I know?" "Come on, Draco, I know all about your file." Draco froze. "How do you know about that?" "Well I've suspected for a while now, but I saw you with it last week." Draco mentally berated himself for the slip. He'd wondered at the time if Granger had caught him but when she'd said nothing, he assumed that he had got away with it. He was never usually so careless, but the photograph splashed across Monday's Daily Prophet had shocked him more than he'd anticipated. He'd only been out with Daniel a couple of times and though they certainly weren't nearing the point of exclusivity yet, he seemed like a nice enough man and he was a spectacular kisser. Finding out that particular relationship was now over before it had even had a real chance to begin had jolted Draco more than he'd expected. It felt a little like he was losing to Potter all over again and this was hardly the first time one of his dates had ended up splashed across the front page snogging the face off of the Gryffindor hero. Sometimes Draco even found himself wondering if Potter was doing it on purpose. "One kiss doesn't mean you have to completely write him off, you know." Draco wasn't sure if Granger was referring to Simon or Daniel, but it made little difference. "Potter doesn't do 'one kiss'." "Then maybe it's time you broke your own rules." Draco shook his head vehemently. He only had one rule when it came to relationships. If Potter had been there first, Draco wasn't interested. He would not date Harry Potter's cast offs. "There really won't be anyone left at this rate. You're picky enough as it is." "I could always date you." He flirted, just to make her roll her eyes. "Except that I'm engaged... and a woman." "Well no one's perfect." "So Simon...?" She pressed. "I'm not dating anyone who's fucked Potter." Draco stated bluntly, dropping the teasing tone. Granger sighed before smirking at him suddenly. The expression seemed unexpectedly at home on her face and Draco felt inexplicably nervous all of a sudden. "What?" He asked after a minute when the Gryffindor witch remained silent. "You won't date anyone who's dated Harry..." Draco snorted at the word 'dated' but nodded. "So date Harry." "Excuse me?" Draco stared at her incredulously. "You heard me." "I am not dating Harry Potter." Draco scoffed. "Why not?" Granger demanded, her tone surprisingly serious. "It won't break your precious rule." "I don't want a man who's shagged nearly every witch and wizard in Britain either, never mind half the muggle population." It was his turn to smirk. "And do you really think Potter's never taken matters into his own hands on one of his few nights alone?" "I don't think that really counts..." She started, but Draco interrupted. He had once sworn that he would never tell anybody what had happened between he and Potter that one drunken night back at school and he honestly wasn't sure what possessed him to reveal it now and to one of Potter's best friends at that. Clearly the Gryffindor had never spoken of it and Draco knew at least one of those reasons without needing to ask, but the words seemed to slip out anyway. "It's irrelevant anyway, Potter never goes back for seconds." There was a stunned silence in the wake of his words. "You..." She cleared her throat. "You and Harry ...?" Draco nodded. "Once, a long time ago." "What happened?" "We had too much to drink and ended up in bed together. Well it wasn't quite a bed, but you get my meaning" Draco kept his tone casual. "Like I said, it was a long time ago." "When?" Draco hesitated, but he'd already come this far, he saw no point in stopping now. Besides, Granger would never just let the subject drop now that he'd caught her interest. "The night of our graduation." "But wasn't he still with..." She broke off suddenly, her eyes going wide. "Oh... Oh !" Draco knew from experience that prompting would do no good, she would tell him what her clever little mind was processing when she was good and ready and not a moment sooner. "He broke up with Ginny the next day." She said finally. Well that was news to him. Of course he'd known Potter had a girlfriend when they spent the night together and he'd known that a few months later Potter was officially back on the market. The possibility that Draco might have had something to do with the change in the golden boy's status, however, was... interesting, to say the least. As far as he knew, Potter hadn't had a relationship since. Hell, the Gryffindor hadn't even been on so much as a second date. "It's guilt, it has to be." Granger's voice dragged him out of his thoughts. "What is?" "The reason he sleeps around so much. He feels bad for what he did to Ginny and now he thinks he doesn't deserve to be happy." "He looks happy enough to me." She shook her head. "You don't know him." Draco had to agree with that statement so he stayed silent. "I still don't understand how it happened, you both hated each other so much, I didn't think you'd ever get past it." "I don't know." Draco shrugged it off. "Neither of us were thinking clearly and I suppose we felt odd about leaving Hogwarts. We ended up talking to each other like normal people for a change and I guess the tension had to go somewhere. One thing lead to another and..." "What happened afterwards?" She asked quietly. "We both woke up the next morning with hellish hangovers and a trunk load of regrets." "How do you know he regretted it?" "You mean aside from the fact he's a do-good Gryffindor who had just cheated on his perfect little girlfriend with his most hated rival, who also happened to be a boy?" Granger frowned at him, but motioned for him to continue. "He said so." She nodded in understanding before asking, "Why did you regret it?" Draco bit back the response that sat on the tip of his tongue, unwilling to give the witch that much power over him, though he was sure she at least suspected what his answer might be. ' I didn't regret it ' he thought ' not until Potter snapped, blamed me for everything and told me he never wanted to see me again '. "Because he was Potter." Draco replied instead, as if that explained everything. For reasons known only to herself, Granger accepted his answer, dropping the subject after that and continuing with her work as if the conversation had never happened. Draco, for his part, wished that he could dismiss the topic so easily. When Granger went out for her lunch at one o'clock, rather than join her, Draco remained at his desk, flipping through his collection of newspaper clippings. Most of the photos were paparzzi shots, taken from behind pot plants in clubs or through a long distance zoom outside restaurants, while a scant few were publicity shots taken at various charity functions, most of which had featured Potter as the guest of honour. Draco skimmed past all of these to his favourite, the one that he had a second copy of hidden in his bedside drawer at home. It showed Potter with an unnamed man, one of the many muggles that the Gryffindor had seduced. The man had over-long blond hair, not too dissimilar from Draco's own except that it was a few shades darker and quite obviously dyed. His face was hidden, however, buried as it was in the curve of Potter's neck. The Gryffindor had his head thrown back in pleasure and though the picture only showed their upper bodies, the expression on his face made it more than clear that there was plenty going on out of shot. It was also the only photograph to date that showed Potter in any state of undress. He was still wearing his shirt, just about, but one shoulder was bare and the majority of his chest was exposed. The muggle looked nothing like Draco, not really, but if the lights were low and he squinted just a little, he could pretend. He could imagine that it was he who had put that rapturous expression on Potter's face and that particular fantasy had kept him warm on many a cold, lonely night since. By the time Granger returned, the folder was safely back in his drawer and Draco was back at work, but his mind wasn't on it. Instead his thoughts were stuck three years in the past, fixed on the day that they had all graduated from Hogwarts. ^v^ Three years earlier... Draco wandered silently through the deserted corridors, one hand trailing along the stone wall to keep himself from falling. He was disgustingly drunk having had a few too many glasses of spiked punch at the graduation party in the great hall followed by a larger