A/N: Here's dedicated to the mod of the nicoshitposting tumblr who seeded the idea of this in my mind. Hope you enjoy! . If you asked Nico di Angelo, notorious social recluse and misanthrope, why he co-founded a fraternity in college, his answer would be simple: peer pressure. Ever since Jason and Nico's older sisters formed a sorority, Percy and Jason have had the idea in their heads that it's a solid, reasonable idea to follow in their footsteps and start their own frat. Nico does not exactly agree. As far as Nico is concerned, fraternities are the scourge of college campuses; the breeding grounds of bullies, bad decisions, and, well, breeding. When his two oldest friends propose the idea to him, his response is a spoken rendition of Fuck This Shit I'm Out , accurate to the word. It's Hazel, whom he'd thought was out on a date at the time, who stops him from actually fucking this shit and getting out. "I think it'd be good for you, Nico!" she says, popping up from the doorway and blocking his escape route. "You need to get out more, and make more friends. Plus you'd always have Jason and Percy close by to keep an eye on you!" Nico thinks if she hadn't earned her Eavesdropping and Meddling badge from the Little Sisters' Guild by then, that would have done it. She follows it up by going for her Puppy Dog Eyes badge, too. Percy and Jason add in their own helpfully. Between Hazel, the little sister Nico is too fond of for his own good, Jason, the best friend who's never done anything but help and support him, and Percy, the guy he maybe-kinda used to and maybe-kinda still has a crush on, Nico is doomed. There is no saying no this time. "No," Nico says of course, anyway. He's stubborn like that. If they think they can make him become part of a frat house , of all things, they have another thing coming. . So, they make him become part of a frat house. How they manage it is a mystery (okay, they bribe him with rare Mythomagic cards that Hazel has been hoarding for just such an opportunity) but it comes with the provision that Nico cannot be expected to put the slightest amount of effort in. Which means Percy and Jason are stuck with the paperwork or the pulling of strings or literally whatever it is you have to do to start a fraternity. Nico thinks the fact that he still doesn't know what that entails, despite his two best friends constantly working on it, is a good sign. Jason is either filling out a form or just scribbling down his ideas when he says, "We need some Greek letters for the name. Three, four at most—" "Delta Epsilon Alpha Theta," Nico answers instantly. "Sure," Jason agrees, writing it down. He's probably too pleased that the younger boy is actually contributing to really think about it. Percy doesn't even look up from Mario Kart, so Nico's pretty sure he's won this round. Not that Percy and Jason know there are rounds to be won, which just makes it that much easier for Nico. They may have forced him into a frat, but gods be damned if Nico lets it be just any old frat. Percy and Jason and the college at large have no idea what they're in for. . His tampering is finally noticed by Frank, Hazel's boyfriend. It comes long after it's been made official, too late to change, when the four of them are staring up at the house they're about to move into. ΔΕΑΘ is emblazoned above the door. "So, guys," starts Frank, who had similarly been coerced to join the frat by Hazel, "is there a reason our fraternity's name is 'death' spelled out in Greek?" He looks to Percy for answers, and Percy looks at Jason, who looks at Nico. Nico ignores the question completely and walks up to what he has already started to call the Doors of Death in his head, hiding a smirk. Jason gets the picture and sighs loudly. Percy takes the sigh as an answer and passes it on to Frank by shrugging. Frank's expression is pinched as the three of them watch Nico unlock the door and swing it open for the first time, a foreboding chill seeping out of the house. "Welcome," Nico says, a rare, self-satisfied smile on his face, "to Death." . Recruiting frat boys is surprisingly hard for a frat named Death. Or, perhaps unsurprisingly, at least for Nico. He might have anticipated this, maybe even planned for it. Sure, there are a few pledges he doesn't manage to intimidate away — Grover Underwood, who joined up out of sheer loyalty to Percy Jackson; Travis and Connor Stoll, a pair of brothers who are here specifically because they think the name choice is hilarious ; and this one guy named Clovis, who sleeps like the dead, anyway, and doesn't seem to have even noticed that he joined a frat. He probably did it sleepwalking. Nico wonders if the boy has a family out there somewhere, looking for him. That brings their numbers up to eight guys, half of whom are introverts (or, in Clovis' case, just sleep too much to have any sort of social life). Nico thinks it's a good deal. The frat house is fairly quiet — for a frat house — mainly because the others are hesitant to throw a party after the first one, when Nico stabbed that guy with a mechanical pencil. In Nico's defense, Octavian had it coming, and it was only his ankle, so. Walk it off, as his father would say. "You can't just go around stabbing people who accidentally sit on you," Grover tells him after the party guests head home. He and Frank have taken the initiative to clean up, as Jason, the only other responsible one, is thoroughly exhausted from keeping a friend of his called Leo from setting things on fire all night. (Nico didn't get the full context behind that, so he wonders whether Leo is a pyro or if the guy just has really, really bad luck.) Grover is currently mopping up the puddle of blood from said stabbing, while Nico lounges on the couch and watches. Frank had asked if he wanted to help, but Nico's 'don't expect me to get off my ass' clause extends to such matters so he claims immunity. "He should have looked before he parked his pasty ass," Nico shoots back. Frank snorts from the kitchen, where he's sweeping up glass shards from a broken cup. "Like you're one to talk about pasty..." Nico gives him one of his trademark Scarebear Stares and the older boy shuts right up. "Really, Nico, you're gonna get us in trouble with the Dean," says Grover. Now it's Nico's turn to snort. "Mr. D? He couldn't give less of a fuck what we do. He thinks my name is Nibbler. Does that sound like someone who cares to you?" They can faintly hear Frank's helpless laughter in the kitchen. "N- Nibbler ?" "Besides," Nico continues, ignoring him, "Jason's dad totally has him in his pocket. We can get away with a lot in this school." "Like stabbing people ?" "What can I say? The American education system is fucked up." "Days like these I wish I stayed in Canada," mourns Frank. "At least there, people had a reason to have pasty butts." "My ass is not pasty," Nico says, although honestly, he hasn't exactly seen his own ass. It's kind of difficult to do, if you haven't noticed. Frank mutters something like, "Yeah, Leo sure didn't seem to think so," which makes Nico choke on his own spit. "What? Who?" he asks, but Frank has moved on to the next room already. "He's talking about Jason's friend," Grover supplies. "The one who was running around and almost starting fires everywhere? Yeah, I think everybody noticed him checking you out all night. Up until you stabbed a guy , I mean." "Me. Checking me out." Grover shrugs. "I guess you're his type." "Is he your type?" Frank asks, returning with a trash bag brimming with broken glass and empty beer cans. "What are you implying?" Nico demands. "You know. Guys. Do you like guys?" "No!" It's obviously a lie. Grover may accept it, but Frank quirks an eyebrow at him. Nico scowls and avoids his eyes, but that turns out no better, as his gaze lands on a couple of sand dollars Percy has left on the windowsill — so now he's thinking about Percy, which probably means he's blushing. "He is not my type." "Okay," Frank agrees, but he clearly doesn't. Thankfully, he doesn't say another word about it for the rest of the night. . Everyone adds their own touch to the decor, which basically means the house is a frankenstein of different tastes. Jason and Frank favour spartan aesthetics, so they add a lot of simple Ikea furniture and roman-inspired artwork. Travis and Connor, on the other hand, are hoarders, filling the house with trinkets and litter and the weirdest stuff they can find. Grover puts tiny cactuses everywhere ( everywhere ; Nico accidentally grabbed one while reaching for his toothbrush, once) while Percy paints the walls blue and decorates every surface with shells, sea glass, and other things he picks up at the beach. Clovis buys too many pillows and leaves them all over the place. And Nico is a little shit, so he draws pentagrams on things. Anything that gets too close to his space gets pentagram'd. Ikea table in the living room? Pentagram'd. Hidden part of the wall behind the TV? Pentagram'd. That cactus that was in his toothbrush's spot? Pentagram'd. Seashells in his underwear drawer? Okay, not pentagram'd, mostly because Nico got distracted by the thought of Percy going into his underwear drawer. Besides, the shells are practically presents from his first crush; he can't deface them. He spent the rest of the day blushing around the older boy after he found those. Frank, damn him, must have picked up on it, and also must have been spending too much time with the Stolls, because just two days later he gives Nico a poster of the Village People. Nico gets back at him by stealing his cell and changing his ringtone to 'Sex Over the Phone.' He hopes he doesn't notice until it goes off somewhere public. This is right around the time that Percy decides they need matching t-shirts. Travis and Connor know a guy who knows a guy, so they volunteer to design the shirts and get them printed. Nico is so glad the group let them, because when they come back with the shirts he can't stop laughing. The others, conversely, stare in vaguely shocked horror. The shirts are a bright purple-and-orange tie dye, with Death! written on the chests in bubbly comic sans. Under that is an exact copy of one of Nico's pentagrams. There's even a black and white version of the shirt in Nico's size, which is actually kind of a sweet gesture. "What's with the pentagram?" Percy asks, as opposed to, well, any other part of the shirt he could ask about. Not that the pentagram isn't a valid concern, but really, comic sans? Nico would have gone with a nice 1785 GLC Baskerville... "Have you really not noticed all the pentagrams around the house?" Jason answers. "Even Clovis knows about them. Right, Clovis?" Clovis is asleep on the counter, but he snores at the appropriate cue, so everyone takes it as him saying yes, yes he does. Percy still seems befuddled. "Really? Where did they come from?" The other six share a glance, coming to a silent agreement. "We have no idea, man," says Travis. "It's kinda creepy," Grover says truthfully. "It adds ambiance," argues Nico. "I think it