It's only a day or two before Frank is due back from his most recent quest when Hazel is awoken by a small crash from outside her room. It's not a loud enough crash to fully shock her into defense mode — she's used to noise in the night, from the clinks and clatters of the city, to her brother shadow-travelling himself in unannounced, and, of course, to Frank, who lives with her in this tiny apartment and sometimes wakes up to make himself dry cereal at one a.m. and doesn't always get home from demigod business at reasonable hours (understandably). Still, the sound has her rolling out of bed to investigate. She shuffles into the kitchenette to find she had been right not to grab her spatha; it was only a box of Honey Nut Cheerios, Frank's favourite cereal, having fallen and spilled over the floor. It'd apparently tipped over from the high shelf it had been perched on, its precarious position probably exacerbated by wind from the open window next to it. Aside from the fact that she'll have to clean up the scattered loops and the streaks of blood on the floor, there was nothing to worry about. Wait. Blood? Hazel's half-asleep brain has just enough time to think, is the cereal bleeding? before a whining sound comes from the mess and the cereal box shifts. A head appears and Hazel finds herself meeting eyes with a siamese cat that appears to have a couple of Cheerios dangerously close to falling into its ear canal. When it sees her, it meows again, dejectedly. "...Frank?" Hazel hazards a guess. The cat rumbles, which she takes as a yes. "You're home early." Frank the Cat shakes the cereal off, sending a few bits skittering under the fridge, where Hazel knows they'll be hell to dig out later. She can't find it in her to scold him for the mess, though, when he tries to take a step forward on his paws and yowls in pain. Hazel is at his side in an instant, one hand on his back reassuringly as she checks his paws. Two of them — the front right and the back left — are scraped up and raw, dripping red liquid slowly. That must be where the blood on the floor came from. Hazel frowns. Frank allows her to pick him up, but she's concerned with the way he goes limp in her arms. It isn't like him. He seems out of it as she places him on the counter, careful not the put weight on his injured paws. Shouldn't he be turning back by now? Nevertheless, Hazel grabs some bandages from their handy demigod-style-first-aid kit (which contained a good deal more than an ordinary first-aid kit, but not as much as an Apollo -demigod-style-first-aid kit) and brings it back to start wrapping his paws. She wasn't sure how the bandaging would translate when he turned human again — his kitty paws were about the size of two of his human fingers, after all — but she couldn't just let him keep bleeding. She keeps a concerned eye on him, even after she's finished, but he makes no move to change form, only sitting on the counter despondently. It's when he lies down, head sinking to rest between his front paws, that the explanation hits her. "Frank," Hazel begins. He doesn't move, but his ear twitches to show he's heard. "Are — are you stuck?" Frank meows sadly, and once again she takes it as a yes. Times when Frank gets stuck in an animal form are few and far between, having only been becoming fewer as time goes by, but it does happen, every so often. And now, Hazel has a wounded, feline Frank on her hands. She sighs. "I'll get Nico to bring Will over in the morning," she tells him. Frank makes another cat-noise, one that kind of sounds like he's grumbling, and she laughs faintly. "Oh, you know they won't tease you, don't be a baby." Then she thinks better of the turn of phrase, and corrects herself, "Don't be a kitten." If Frank has any reaction to her joke, he doesn't show it. Hazel grabs a dustpan and starts sweeping up the Cheerios. . Frank keeps on moping as Will looks over his paws the next day. He's still a cat, which Hazel doubts pleases him. Nico is dazing on their couch; he'd started out looking off into the distance, but by now his gaze has dropped so he's practically having a staring contest with Will's butt. He seems so tired that Hazel wonders if he even notices where he's looking, really. "Other than the scrapes, he's fine as far as I can tell," Will tells her as he changes Frank's bandages for new ones. "I can't find any signs of what might be preventing him from changing back, but I'll admit, I've never exactly treated shapeshifting-lock before." "Thanks anyway, Will," Hazel says, absentmindedly reaching over to scratch Frank behind the ears. He leans into her hand, ears twitching, and she and Will smile at him, her in fondness and him in amusement. Nico is smiling too, just slightly, but considering he's still looking at Will's butt she thinks he has his own reasons. "Stay off those paws for another day or two," Will says to Frank, who meows back before following it up with a yawn. Will frowns. "I really hope that was you agreeing with me." "Don't worry, I'll keep him resting," promises Hazel. "You'd better," says Will. Then he turns and raises an eyebrow at the sleepy Nico on her couch. "Speaking of resting..." "I know what you're thinking and no, I do not need to sleep," Nico interrupts. "Yes, you do," Will and Hazel tell him in unison. "Do not," he grumbles. Will and Hazel look at each other. "You worry about your boyfriend, I'll worry about mine," Hazel tells him. "Take care of my brother." Will and Nico both turn red. Nico starts to sputter that they're just friends, really, Hazel, but Will only clears his throat and carries on, "Right. I'll do that. Or rather, I'll make sure he takes care of himself . I will wrestle him into bed if I have to." Hazel almost laughs out loud, but she's pretty sure neither of the boys caught Will's accidental double meaning. She looks at Frank to see if he picked up on it, but he's busy giving the kitty-approximation of a scowl to his bandages. It's adorable. Maybe Hazel should be more worried about the whole stuck-as-a-cat-for-no-known-reason thing, but it's actually a little funny. Besides, it's not like it'll last for too much longer, will it? . "Frank is a cat," Hazel greets Jason and Piper sadly. They blink at her resigned expression from the doorway, while Frank meows demonstratively in the background. "...Okay?" Jason asks with a searching tilt of the head as he steps into the apartment. Piper arches one of her frustratingly perfectly-defined brows as she sees the siamese cat curled up on a pillow that Hazel has placed for him on the couch. Hazel shakes her head, hair bouncing and catching Jason in the face. She doesn't bother apologizing, because the day she apologizes to a white person for her hair is the day her mama rises from the Fields of Asphodel to smack her one; besides, Jason has taken worse things to the face. Bricks, for example. "Not okay. It's terrible." "What? He turns into animals often enough," Piper says, a playful smirk growing on her lips. "You got something against cats?" "He's been a cat for two days !" Hazel wrings her hands as Piper and Jason immediately turn serious. "He hasn't been able to turn back." "He's stuck? I've never actually seen him get stuck before," Jason says, then turns to look at Frank the Cat, with an expression as if he's looking for some sort of mark or sign, like, for example, Yup, this isn't your average shapeshift, I'm actually stuck this time written in cursive on Frank's flank. Piper smacks her boyfriend on the arm. Hazel explains the situation — the way he'd returned from his quest with a few days to spare and a few new whiskers, too; how Will Solace hadn't been able to find a solution to Frank's "furry little problem;" and the past couple of days of trying to take care of her injured boyfriend when he could neither communicate with nor kiss her. When she finishes Jason and Piper look at each other and apparently have a silent conversation through only the pinch of their eyebrows. It ends when Piper shoots a look at Frank — who's worrying at his bandages, seemingly trying to take them off with his teeth, which reminds Hazel that they're probably overdue to come off anyway — and Jason nods a grudging assent to... something. Piper stands. "Jason's going to catsit Frank for the afternoon," she announces, ignoring the awkward look Jason is giving the cat, his face saying, What has my life come to that I must be harangued into babysitting my friend who is a cat? No, really, who decided this was my life? Juno, I'm looking at you. Before Hazel can open her mouth to ask, she continues, "You and I have an errand to run." . Deirdre loves working at the pet store, really. It's a pleasant sort of working-retirement, one that reminds her of her younger days when she had gone birdwatching and horseback riding, when she'd been spry enough to have a small gaggle of coonhounds that she'd taken jogging with her every day. She loves working with animals, and she loves interacting with people the way customer service lets you, but she'll admit that sometimes she does get... concerned. The two young women who walk in together don't ring any alarms for Deirdre right away, although she can't help but be struck by their presence. They're both quite beautiful, true, but they also carry themselves with an almost intimidating aura; confident and dangerous in a way unbefitting their gentle looks. But Deirdre isn't truly worried about the girls until partway into a conversation with them. "My friend here," the young woman with a feather braided into her hair starts the conversation, indicating the other girl, whose eyes are so unnaturally gold that Deirdre is sure she must have those colour-changing contact lenses that she sees all the kids today with; "got a cat recently, but turns out she has no idea how to take care of it. Can you help us?" "Oh, of course, dear," Deirdre agrees, because they surely seem to be sweet girls, even if they do have the powerful sort of impression that Deirdre has only been able to associate with memories of her husband's funeral, with the military generals who had shaken her hand and told her how Gerald had been a good soldier and apologized for her loss. "Are you looking for supplies or information? We have a good selection of books, if you need." "We need some basic supplies, first," the girl with the feather answers pleasantly. "Cat food, litterbox, and so on." "Cat food?" the golden-eyed girl jumps in. She almost sounds surprised that she needs to get cat food for her cat. "Uh... we don't need to get food, do we?" "Hazel, of course we do," says the first girl. "I kinda doubt you have cat food already. Or do you?" "I don't, but..." The second girl, Hazel, bites her lip. The two seem to have forgotten Deirdre was still there, which the older woman was sadly used to, working in customer service. "I know he won't eat it. He's not going to want to eat cat food, out of a bowl, like... like a cat." Deirdre shoots a startled look at Hazel, when the feathered girl sighs and says, "Hazel, he needs cat food. He has a cat stomach.