a/n: i swear this was only meant to be 500 words, but i accidentally grew to 3.4k? i'm still stumped on how that happened, but alas that is how this is. sadly, this isn't my proudest work - and first time actually writing - so go easy on me? for tracee, the koolest kid around. XD oh yeah, it's also nonlinear tw: mentions of death, alcohol. and mild deceptions of violence, probably some spag static She's fifteen when Beetee visits her. It's raining that day, more than usual. It comes down in heavy sheets, blotting out the sun and enveloping the world in a monochromatic gray. Though it doesn't bother her, because she loves everything about the rain, the fresh smell, soothing moisture, and peaceful drumming against the concrete structures. Rain baptizes Three in a way the Capitol can't comprehend. It scours Three's dirt and sins and throws even the familiar, boring skyscrapers into looming monsters. Rain is something scientists can't quantify, not in her mind. That day, he comes stumbling out of the blue, lumbering over the slick pavement with labored steps, carrying a boxy radio under his left arm. He's thin, she notes, thinner than someone in Three should be. Hunger is a motivator for good work but can still dull the mind until the only thought is your next meal; that's what the Capitol believes, and Wiress won't argue with that. But his arms and legs are so twiggy his silk shirt hangs from them as it they're a clothes line. It takes a few more seconds for the truth to dawn on her, and when it does, she gasps in horror. Why would the last year's victor travel to the desolate Sector 3 of City #2? And why would he be grasping that bulky, old-fashioned radio with his life? He can certainly afford the newest technology , but why use that Pre-Dark Days piece of crap? "Hello?" Beetee asks. The question fights against the rain, but she hears it. She hears a lot of things. "Is anyone here?" "Yes, I am," she replies and hastily opens the door to the shop. "What can I do for you?" Surprise crosses the victor's face at the sight of a young girl in front of him. In her ratty clothes she probably looks 13, not her age of 15. "Is your father here?" Wiress narrows her eyes. Why is she lesser than her father? She's top of her class and a smart cookie. But he is a victor after all and smart-mouthing him will result in social condemnation. "He's in the back. Why do you need him?" Beetee sets the radio on the counter with a thump . He runs his pale hand through his messy black hair. "This radio only feedbacks static." Wiress nods at the statement. Anything that old has got to feedback a hell a lot of static. "Yeah, let me look at it." She reaches for the wrench and screwdriver in her pocket. Ancient technology deserves ancient tools. "Actually," Beetee cuts in, "can your father look at it? I don't want to ruin this." Wiress bites back her smart reply and unclenches her fists. Taking deep breaths, she smiles tightly. "Sure, I'll go call him." "Can we- umm- talk about it back there?" Beetee awkwardly runs his hand through his hair again and gestures to the workshop behind them. Wiress chews her lip and nods. "I'll go get him." "Thanks," Beetee says, and hesitantly he adds, "What's your name?" "Wiress." She swallows back the question of why would you care? "I'm Beetee." "I know." Wiress turns to call for her father. Beetee fixes his eyes on the ceiling, shuffling his feet softly. movement Keep on moving! Her mind screams, echoing Beetee's advice to her. Keep moving or you're dead! Wiress sprints through the abandoned city, weaving in and out of alleyways and ignoring the footsteps pounding behind her. She's coming for you! Behind her, the blonde from One races toward her, sword drawn. With each second, she draws closer and closer. She can smell the sweat and pride radiating off Diamond and practically hear her heart racing in excitement. Death is chasing her. The Gamemaker's won't like this! Part of her brain taunts. A ll this running isn't exciting . Will you shut up! Wiress screams back, and even though death nips at her heels, she hides a few tricks up her sleeve. She can't afford distraction. A left turn at the destroyed bank, down the alleyway there's an avalanche waiting to happen. Legs burning and heart pumping, Wiress urges herself forward. Just a few more feet… Her leg's on fire. She screams in pain and stumbles forward before spinning around to face Diamond. A malicious grin splits her angelic face in two. "Are you ready to die?" she taunts, "because I'm ready to win." Fear claws at Wiress' stomach; she tries shoves it down and frantically stumbles backwards, groping the narrow alleyway for the hanging rope. "Ah! Ah! Ah!" Diamond scolds."We don't do that, honey." She slashes Wiress' other leg, and Wiress tumbles to the ground, skidding a few feet away from One. She cries out in pain. "Why don't you just end it?" Wiress asks between spasms, trying to stall while her brain frantically recalls the location of the trap. "I don't think you'd understand, darling. You may be from Three but that doesn't make you smart." One examines her nails, drawing out the battle. "The Capitol loves blood and a good show, and since you had to do all this goddamn running, they want some blood. And it's my job as victor to do so." She creeps closer to Wiress, sword attached to her arm like a limb extension. Wiress desperately crawls backwards, and her hand hits the wall. She gropes it praying to find the trap as One stalks closer and closer. Found it! Her mind screams as she grabs the small outcrop. Trailing her fingers beneath it she finds the rope just as Diamond slashes her stomach. It's on fire, so much fire that she;s in hell. So much pain. She screams loud enough to deafen the Capitol. The world's engulfed in red, but in desperation, she yanks the rope with all her might. The following happens in flashes: ––Diamond's smile fades as bricks and cement fly–- ––blood spits out of her mouth–– ––rocks tumble down like rain–– ––a chipped brick falls on her stomach–– ––a scream–– ––nothing. silk "Hey, Beetee," Wiress says as Beetee strolls through the doors of her family's shop. He's become a regular the past year, always appearing for fixing technology. Wiress found it strange because he could easily fix them himself. She guessed it was pity that kept him coming. "Whatcha need repaired today?" "Umm, I don't really need anything." Beetee shrugs and smiles nervously. Wiress raises an eyebrow. "Really? Nothing?" "Yeah." "Then why are you here?" she asks, genuinely curious. "Do you want me to get my father?" "No, no, I just-" Beetee starts but trails off. Opening his mouth then closing it, he reaches into the simple bag he carries everywhere with him. "I just… want to give you this." He pulls out an azure silk blanket, one so fine it's probably came straight from the Capitol." Wiress' eyes widen at the spoils of the Capitol and pauses. She doesn't know what to do so she bursts out laughing. Beetee flinches away. "Why are you giving me this? You already paid us." Beetee scratches his neck. "It's just- I… thought you might like it." Wiress chuckles. "And since when did you think of me, Beetee Latier?" Beetee wipes his sweaty palms on his shirt. "Since, well… ummm…." A sudden realization smacked Wiress in the face. Although the whole District idolizes Beetee as if he's some god, he isn't. He's just a boy. A 17-year-old boy who's alone and scared. A boy who lost his family to a "freak accident." Just a boy. Her heart melts a little at this truth. "… since you first saw me?" She teases, silencing Beetee's stuttering, and he furiously shakes his head. "Okay fine," Wiress continues. "So you think I deserve this silk blanket because I'm a wonderful human who's at the top of my classes?" "You're the most modest human I know." "Totally." p rogress In Three, the more you progress in studies, the chances of being Reaped digress. It's another way to ensure the smart succeed and the not-smart don't. The sun shines brightly on Reaping day, and for once, the eternal rain cleared for an azure sky. It's beautiful if you look up, but with fear gripping the District – hands clutching dresses and prays sent to whoever's out there – there is no time to look up. Only look around. Wiress stands in the crowded 17-year-old section, head staring straight at the obnoxious Capitol escort – Mars Something Something. Apparently, since last year's games, dressing in bright neon colors are a thing. He's decked out in a suit that blinks bright yellow then red then purple then blue then white and all the color in between, and Wiress swears if she had to stare at it another minute, she's going to have a seizure. Thankfully, that never happens because the mayor climbs to the podium and begins his address he speaks each year. Somehow, he still finds it interesting, so he gestures wildly at the rendition of the war and his vocal tone modulates so many times Wiress swears she's going to choke him. She won't, of course, but girl can dream. After eons of time, he pauses and nods to the Mars Something Something, and the real part of the Reaping commences. "As usual, we'll start with the girls," Mars says, dancing over to the glass bowl. Wiress watches the dramatic flourish of his hand as he dips it into the hundreds of slips. His hand brushes through them, and it is silent. The whole District holds its breath for the condemnation of the a female. With a dramatic pause, Mars Something Something pulls out a slip and glides over to the mike. Wiress wants to smack the smile off his face. "Wiress Anderson." What? Her mind stops, then races to make sense of the situation. He called my name, it rations, so you're Reaped. But that's not possible! Another part screams. You're the top of the class, have the brightest future. You can't be Reaped. But he called your name. It's a mistake! It has to be. We can't be Reaped. It's a mistake The Capitol doesn't make mistakes. Her mind shoots back. "Honey, do you want to come up?" Mars Something Something asks, and Wiress snaps out of her internal debate. The crowd parts for her, and slowly, she stumbles toward the stage. The walkway feels like miles and miles, and she can't control her shaking. Her legs quiver, her arms shiver, and her heart beats faster than the speed of light. At the metal steps, she sees him. Beetee's face is contorted into an emotion she can't pinpoint in her shock. A frown, watery eyes, but perked ears. But she can't linger on his face because Mars yanks her hand towards him. "Very nice to meet you, Ms. Anderson," He says, and the truth is suddenly slapped in her face. She's going to die. She's only seen trees in pictures and knowing the velocity of electricity racing through wires won't help you decapitate someone. She's hopeless. I'm never going to see Mama and Papa again. At this thought her lip trembles and tears flood her eyes, several spill down her cheek, but she manages to choke back a sob. She's not going to sob in front of the Capitol. That's letting them win, even more than they've already. Mars watches her from the corner of his eyes, pity evident on his face, but quickly busies himself in calling out the damned boy. She doesn't hear his name. She doesn't notice