A/N: Odesta AU and for Caesar's Palace Monthly Contest! This was written for the Color challenge in Cesar's Palace as well as. So this is kinda a crossover? I don't know, it's kinda like Thirteen Reasons Why and The Hunger Games and All the Bright Places and my life. . . so enjoy? Triggers at the bottom of the page. Sorry, I can't spell, and I suck at grammar.* *and I suck at writing. -:- Train wreck: noun informal a chaotic or disastrous situation that holds in peculiar fascination for observers or Annie is broken and Fin tries so hard to save her. -:- March 24, 2014 / (or red - the color of her hair) Finnick first saw Annie alone at the abandoned lot. The abandoned lot was covered in weeds and the slushy snow barely blanketed the metal spokes piercing the ground. Freezing rain came down in pulsing sheets, but a red haired girl was balancing at the top of the tall tree with no jacket. Her hair was sticking to her bare shoulders, but her smile was evident even from the curb. Finnick couldn't peel his eyes away from her small figure. Her pale skin hinted that autumn had ended, and the days at the swimming hole were long gone. She radiated happiness. Annie didn't care about the rain, she didn't care about the wind that would blow her over. She didn't care; she was carefree . Finnick knew of Annie from school; it was hard to miss her bright, red hair in the crowded hallways. She was known for her hair, but she was also known for her withdrawal from life. She only ever spoke around the ancient Ms. Ramos - or Mags, as Annie called her - and ate lunch in her room. There was no doubting it. With her hair stuck to her glowing skin, bright green eyes alive with happiness, and shaking arms opened to the sky, Annie was beautiful. -:- September 15, 2014 / (or orange - the color of the sun) Annie first met Finnick on the school's roof. Should I die today? That was the question she asked herself as the wind blew harder and harder. Should I? Annie was compensating to jump. She wasn't really depressed, she just was empty. Like a bowl devoid of all salad. Annie was fascinated with death, and everyday she asked herself: is today a good day to die? Annie gathered all of her courage, and stepped closer to the edge. The wind whistled through her ears and her arms flung up to steady herself. Her heart beat with every step and she felt a flush of color creep up into her cheeks. She felt alive . She felt whole . Below the whole school gathered. Some pointed to her, others busted out their phones and recorded her, some were even mean enough to yell at her to jump. Annie simply turned her head away from them and listened to the September wind blowing. A golden boy was soon beside her. Finnick sat on the edge of the school, feet dangling, and he was petrified. Annie couldn't help but ask herself the question everyone else was asking below. What is Finnick doing up here? Annie decided to ignore the golden haired boy and kept staring out - not at the crowds - but at the orange sun steadily climbing upward. The signal of a new day. The sun shone in her eyes, and it's bright light burned them. Yet, she didn't look away. Annie stayed there watching the crowds press up against the building in the early sun's rays. She could see everything from here. She could see Katniss's dark hair fluttering in the wind - like a flag - as she stared at Annie with her face contorted with worry. She could watch Cato - the bully of the school - jeer at her to jump. She could reach out to Foxface - the girl who everyone forgot her real name - and grab that cell phone recording her. She was higher then anyone up here, with the rays of sunlight basking her in their orange glow. For now, she was their queen - maybe not a good one, maybe not a popular one - but a queen none the less. And Annie didn't want to leave. -:- September 15, 2014 / (or yellow - the color of the sun) Finnick first talked to Annie on the school roof. "You should probably get down from there," Finnick warned to Annie perching dangerously close to the edge. After the bell rang for people to get to class, many of the watchers abandoned Annie on the roof - she hadn't jumped yet. They left to go back to their mundane day, their day filled with no joy - only a dull throbbing of their heads. Finnick knew about that, he had lived most of his life that way. "Why would I want to get down?" Annie asked as she turned to face Finnick. Once she say him her face crumpled, and she let out a sigh. "What do you want? Come to mock me even more like your friends? 'Cause I'm not really in the mood for your teasing," "No, no. I would never tease you. And - my friends - they don't mean it," Finnick said hastily, this was his one chance to talk to Annie - who intrigued him. He was somewhat fascinated with her; her carefreeness, and how she didn't give an hell about what people thought of her. "Yeah, they don't mean it," Annie repeated, not with sarcasm but with a longing in her voice. "Why are you here?" "I'm here because. . ." Finnick started, but then he stopped. "Well, I don't know. Lately, things have been— you don't want to hear about it," "Of course I do, " Annie patted beside her. "Sit down - no one cares about school - so we can just sit here. What wrong?" "Okay," Finnick cautiously sat next to Annie, and his feet was dangling off the edge of the roof. "I'll tell you. Just promise not to tell?" "I promise," Annie put a hand gently on Finnick's shoulder. At that moment Finnick didn't see a girl who his 'friends' had spread nasty rumors about, or a girl who was known to be insane and have awful nightmares. He saw a kind, gentle girl who cared, and Finnick trusted her. "Last year, my brother died," Finnick stared, he felt the sadness clutch his heart once more. Their cold claws gripped at it, tighter and tighter, until Finnick felt the tears in his eyes slipping out. Sobs rocked through his body and snot was coming out of his nose. "He—he, drowned and I couldn't stop him. I loved him so muc—" "It's ok, you don't need to talk about it," Annie soothed. "Just think about the—orange sun. Look at how beautiful he is. I've always seen him in a bright orange suit, dancing around the sky, and smiling down on me. Just look at the orange sun," Finnick couldn't help but let out a giggle through his tears at Annie's remark, "But the sun isn't orange. It's yellow. Yellow like a lemon or—well the sun." "No silly, the sun isn't yellow," Annie playfully chastised, "It's orange, like Peeta's favorite color or an orange - just not that shade," "No it's yellow!" Finnick protested lightly. "Orange!" "Yellow!" "Orange!" "Yellow!" "Orang—" Annie and Finnick burst into laughter at their silly argument. For once they weren't juniors ignoring their impending future and doing endless stacks of homework; for once they were children again. Children playing kickball on the field, or children running around screaming things of joy, or children holding hands. "What is all that ruckus!" A teacher stepped outside right below Annie and Finnick. Annie gestured for Finnick to pull his legs up and press up against the roof. Finnick copied what Annie did, and soon he was feeling the warm tiles pressing into his skin. As soon as the teacher left, Finnick and Annie burst into giggles - though they were quiet giggles - once more. -:- December 7, 2014 / (or white - the color of snow) Annie first kissed Finnick at the park. Annie stood waiting on the curb of the park - precisely at 11:00 PM - standing in the snow. Unlike rain, Annie did feel the cold from the snow. She was dressed in so many layers that a stranger passing by would think of her more as a ball of clothing than an actual human. "Finnick where are you?" Annie asked to no one in particular. She nervously tapped at her phone. What if he found out? What if he knows? Will we still be friends? "Finnick, please. This isn't funny!" Annie felt unease settled throughout her body, and she trembled. 'Annie,' a voice whispered. Annie whipped around to find that a body cover in blood stood before her. It turned and Annie screamed. Where the eyes should've been was two black holes. 'Annie, do you remember me? The person you left?' Annie did remember the body, where its holes were once stood emerald colored eyes and it's stringy red hair was once full of volume, glossy, and red as a cherry. "Oh my god," she reached out to touch the body's pale, rotted skin. "Annabel? Anna?" The body - Anna - smiled. Her once bright teeth were yellow and rotted - like her skin. 'I'm back Annie, I told ya I wouldn't leave you.' "You're here," Annie slip her hand into Anna's. "You're actually here," Anna - Annie's twin - had died in a car crash last year. Annie still blamed it on herself, she was driving the car, but the police kept telling her over and over that it was because the other car's driver was drunk. And crashed right into Anna. 'Of course I'm here, Annie,' Anna soothed, 'I'm always here.' Then, she disappeared. Anna just vanished into the dark night. "Anna!?" Annie scream, she began patting the ground where Anna was a few seconds ago. "Anna!? Come back! Anna, don't leave me?" Sobs racked Annie's body, and she was shaking. Salty tears flowed out of her eyes, and she felt the world around her blur. Anna was gone. Annie fell into the snow, and her knees dug into it. She ignored the cold, white snow digging into her clothes, or the tears freezing on her face. Annie all just felt the pit of betrayal and sadness grasping her heart. Their cold claws burned with shame. "Anna," Annie sobbed. A pair of warm arms wrapped around her. "Get off of me!" She yelled while spinning around to find Finnick staring at her. Concern was imbedded in his sea-green eyes. "Annie, is everything alright?" Finnick wrapped his arms around her. Annie could feel the love flow off of Finnick, but it didn't calm her. Annie felt a storm of emotions set it, and rip her heart apart. The snow turned black, and all she could see was Finnick there hugging her. She could no longer hold it in. With sobs leaking out of her mouth, Finnick's arms wrapped around Annie, and Anna's ghost patting her shoulder, she told Finnick everything. She told him about the car crash, the ghost of Anna, her sister, how much she needed him, and her disorder. "The doctors say I have a disorder," Annie spat out the word as it if was poison, and - to her - it was. "They say it may be a mild type of, of, of. . . well. They don't know. They say it could be schizophrenia, but I don't show the speaking little or the, the, the. . . They say it could be. . ." Annie bursted into sobs. No one besides her pushy mom and her withdrawn father knows about her disorder. She's never told anyone. Telling Finnick was as if she stripped down