Lost Soul by FirstMate A/N: This is a companion piece to my earlier story "Lost." It's a short, oneshot look at some of Elladan's thoughts while he was searching for his missing twin. It's something of a filler…not huge on plot, so if you haven't read "Lost," it might be a bit boring. I wrote it as a little Christmas gift to all of the readers out there who enjoy my stories and especially for those who send me back the gift of a review. Thank you, my friends! I hope everyone has a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! Disclaimer: LOTR is not mine. Just borrowing a few of Tolkien's characters for fun, not profit. ------------------------------------------------------- There are warm, steady rains that quench the earth's thirst, filling streams and rivers with life-giving moisture. There are rains that softly cool a scorching summer day and are blessed by the hot, dusty traveler. And there are even thunderous, violent rains that pound the earth with fury, but afterwards leave the land and air cleansed and refreshed. But then there are rains that seem to have no purpose other than to test one's soul—rains that sap strength and leave their victims wrapped in cold misery. It was that sort of rain that fell on Elladan, firstborn son of the elven Lord Elrond, as he made his way through the wet, comfortless land. As he rode in silence, Elladan grimly reflected that this grey, cold land perfectly suited him. In truth, he was grateful for it. He had come to despise sunshine and the bright, cheery skies that begged to lighten his heart. He didn't want to feel happy. He didn't deserve to feel happy. Not since he had lost his twin. Nearly two years had passed since Elrohir had failed to return home from a horse-buying trip and each day weighed on Elladan as if it were a year—countless days of searching but never finding, countless days of hoping only to have those hopes crushed mercilessly again and again. No, he had failed to find his brother and did not deserve the grace of sunshine. Elladan rode along, oblivious to the icy rain seeping beneath his cloak as he became lost in memories of the endless, lonely search. He hadn't started out alone. When Elrohir had initially gone missing, the search parties had included most of the inhabitants of Imladris as well as many elves from neighboring realms. In time, however, people had to go on living and most had to abandon the search in order to return to their day-to-day lives. A smaller group had continued on—Elladan of course, but also his young foster brother, Estel, along with a small group of their friends. They had searched together for almost a year, following every lead they could find, no matter how unlikely. But there were precious few clues as to where Elrohir might have gone. He had vanished somewhere between the realm of Rohan and their home in Rivendell. No signs of a struggle. No signs of his horse. And no signs of the young elven lord himself. Not one. He was just…gone. ------ A soft snort from Isilmë brought his mind back into the present. His eyes quickly found what his horse had seen and he gently indicated to Isilmë to stop. Down in the valley beneath a side trail lay a small human village and Elladan studied it carefully as he decided whether or not he should leave the main path. How many of these villages had he visited now? He'd lost count. It didn't really matter, though. One was just like the next. He would ride in and the people of the village would react to his presence with surprise, some even with awe. Then they would see his face and the people would grow wary, afraid, sometimes hostile. He didn't care. It didn't matter to him that his grim face and hard expression scared them. He, Elladan, who had always had such an easy way with humans, couldn't find it within himself to be bothered by what they thought of him. It was easier to just close off his feelings until he found his twin. Pushing aside idle thoughts, his keen eyes took in every detail of the village below. From the thatched huts, to the village square, to the surrounding fields, he took note of everything and then decided the side trip wouldn't be worth his effort. To and from the village would take a good day's ride and he had wanted to reach Briarwood in the next couple of days where he'd heard a wounded elf had been seen. With a nudge, he prompted Isilmë to keep going. He immediately forgot the nameless village as his thoughts drifted back to the time just after Elrohir had vanished. Estel's company had especially helped him through those first days of almost panicked searching. The boy had grown into a strong, caring young man and his steady optimism had been a balm to Elladan's fears. Although he would never allow others to see them, those fears were deep and painful. Even though Elladan believed that his twin was alive—he felt sure he would know if Elrohir had died—he was terrified that he might not ever find him. Something was…wrong…and he felt a dread in his heart like none he'd ever known. Not even when he'd known that his mother had been taken by orcs had he felt so lost. This time, it was the other half of his soul that was missing and at times his despair threatened to drown him. Estel's comforting presence had been the only thing that carried him through those first horrid months. A sigh escaped him as grimly reflected on the last time he'd seen his youngest brother, last year during another time of cold, bitter rain. He and Estel had drawn hunting detail while the rest of the small search party had rode into the town of Timbercreek to look for signs of their missing lord. When he'd returned to their camp with Estel, the others were already there and he had overheard them sorrowfully discussing their belief that Elrohir was probably dead. Hurt, angry, and bitterly disappointed, Elladan had not been able to restrain his fury and after telling them all exactly what he thought of their beliefs, had fled the camp to nurse his inner wounds in private. By morning he had calmed down enough to return to the camp and apologize for his outburst, but the truth could no longer be hidden and after just another week in their company, he had finally asked his companions to return home. Estel had wanted to stay, but he, too, had been sent back with the others when Elladan decided it was time the young man should move on with his life. There were many times that Elladan had regretted that decision, especially when the loneliness of the search threatened to shatter his soul, but in his heart he knew that it had been the right choice. Estel needed to find his place amongst his people and the search for Elrohir could stretch out for endless years—years that might amount to the entirety of a human's life. As much as he treasured Estel's companionship, he wouldn't risk his brother's future just so he was not alone. So it was with deep sadness that Elladan had watched his companions leave. Yes, he had asked them to go, but it was still hard to accept just how alone he was when the last of them rode out of his sight. When they were well and truly gone, Elladan had climbed to the top of the highest tree he could find and sat there for days, ignoring a freezing wind and soaking rain as he waited for the clouds to clear so he could finally see the stars and decide on his course. On the third night, the cloud cover broke and at last the night sky cleared above him. It was then that he fully embraced the idea that he may end up spending the rest of his life searching for his twin. It was a sobering thought, but as he gazed upon his grandfather's star, he knew it was his only choice. With the stars as his witness, he swore to Elrohir that no matter how long it took, no matter what the cost, he would never stop. He would find him. And only then would he rest. -------- Once again pulled from his melancholy thoughts by a soft sound from Isilmë, Elladan noted that they were well past the village and were now at the edge of a thick stand of trees. He hadn't planned on stopping just yet, but the rain was still coming down in icy sheets and he knew he his faithful horse deserved a break from the punishing weather. He found a bit of shelter beneath the tightly woven canopy of branches and wearily slid from Isilmë's back. For just a moment, he leaned against his horse and allowed the warmth of his only companion to seep into his frozen limbs. With others, Elladan had become a hard, cold creature, but with Isilmë he would still let down his guard. After all, his beloved companion could make him feel closer to Elrohir than anyone else at the moment, for the horse had been a gift from his twin. An unexpected, treasured gift. Elrohir had raised Isilmë from newborn and then had spent nearly every free moment for over two years training him. Often Elladan would watch his brother as he taught Isilmë everything he'd need to know to be a warrior's steed and if truth be told, Elladan even allowed himself a twinge of jealousy as he viewed the two working together. Someday Elrohir would be able to ride this magnificent animal into battle and Elladan could only imagine what a formidable pair they would make. His twin had a special gift with horses and he knew that there would be no finer mount than Isilmë by the time Elrohir was finished with him. He had absolutely no clue of his twin's plans for the horse until one day when Elrohir had asked him to come by the training site. When he'd arrived, Elrohir had led the beautiful animal over for inspection and asked what he'd thought. When he'd truthfully told Elrohir how proud he was of his twin's efforts and that it was the most amazing horse he'd ever seen, his brother had flashed one of his joyful, brilliant smiles and simply said, "I am so glad you like him. He is yours." Even now, that memory could bring back the same sense of humbled love that had washed over him when he'd realized what his brother had been doing. Elrohir had never intended to keep Isilmë for himself—he had always been intended as a gift. There had been no special occasion that had warranted it. It was a simple expression of love and it was the remembered warm inner glow of that love that helped strengthen Elladan even on his loneliest, darkest days of searching. Shaking off the memory, for it also reminded him of an almost crippling sense of loss, Elladan gave Isilmë a light pat on the neck and mindlessly set up his camp for the night. ------ The next morning brought no relief from the harsh, cruel rain. Even Elladan, an elf whose tolerance of cold was far greater than that of humans, could not help but feel its icy fingers twist about him. It helped sharpen his dark mood and it was thus a very grim-faced elf that set out once again for Briarwood. Several hours of riding brought Elladan to the little town nestled in the foothills of the Grey Mountains. He had heard from a group of travelers that the people of Briarwood were aiding a gravely wounded elf that they'd found in the woods. When he'd heard it, the