The True Face of Courage Author : FirstMate Disclaimer : The major characters in this story and the world they live in aren't mine…they are all the creation of J.R.R. Tolkien. I'm just giving them a few more adventures for fun, not profit. Genre : Drama/Angst Summary : A young Aragorn learns a lesson on the real meaning of courage during a journey underground to find his missing brother. Main characters: Estel (Aragorn), Elladan, Elrohir, and Legolas. E-mail: I don't mind my story being put on someone else's site, but please be courteous and let me know first. Feedback : I love to hear from readers, so your reviews, positive or negative (although of course positive are more fun to get!), are very much appreciated. Chapter 1, A Fallen Hero He hated caves. He hated the feeling of being trapped underground in the dark. He hated the damp cold that seemed to seep into his bones. He hated the cloying smell of rot and mildew that reminded him of death and decay. And most of all, he hated the nasty creatures that skulked in the darkness. Well, to be fair, that wasn't entirely true. He could tolerate bats and many of the other little cave dwellers, and truthfully didn't even hate cave trolls, although he did his level best to avoid them. No, what he really hated were the hoards of rats that swarmed about the nether world. The little creatures were the source of nightmares and he despised how they made him feel. Even now, after centuries of proving himself as a warrior who would fearlessly fight in the face of overwhelming odds, the horrible little rodents could still bring back those haunting feelings of being abandoned, lost, and left to die in the dark. Very little could make him feel fear, but these small creatures held the key to an irrational terror, and he hated them for it. "Valar, Elladan will owe me for this," Elrohir muttered as he forced unwilling feet to take him deeper into the realm where he was certain the little beasts would be found in droves. A sound of someone stumbling behind him made the young elven lord abruptly stop and look down the dark passage he'd just come through. A quick glance told him that his two companions were well—probably Estel was getting tired and had tripped over something in the dark. With that thought, Elrohir gave a mental sigh and then motioned for the others stop for a break. He was already worried sick about one brother—no need to let something happen to the other due to his impatience. As the three quietly sat down and made themselves as comfortable as possible on the stone floor of the tunnel, Elrohir leaned his head against the rocky wall and tried to force his tense shoulders to relax while he reflected on what had brought him to this place. What a disaster! Had it only been a week ago that they had all been having such fun? It had started out so innocently. His father, Lord Elrond of Rivendell, had asked him and his twin, Elladan, to take a message to a group of traders in Norwall. It was to be an easy trip, so the twins had asked if they could bring along their young human foster brother, Estel, and turn it into a hunting trip as well. Their father had readily agreed since the 16-year-old had been pestering him for months to allow him to go hunting with the twins, and the three brothers had been making their way to Norwall when they'd run across Prince Legolas of Mirkwood. By chance, Legolas had been journeying to Rivendell for a long overdue visit to see his old friends and to meet their brother, so of course he'd joined their little adventure and the four had been having a wonderful time until they had reached the bustling town nestled amongst the looming cliffs that gave it its name. The town itself had been pleasant enough, but the simple delivery of Elrond's message had turned out to be anything but simple. The traders hadn't liked Elrond's terms and an unsuspecting Elladan had been taken as a bargaining chip by the men, who informed Elrohir they would keep Elrond's eldest son as a hostage until the elf lord agreed to provide them with goods for a fraction of their normal cost. Anyone could have told the men that they would never get away with their plan—only a fool would think that they could threaten any of Elrond's kin and still come out ahead. But these men were fools, refusing to even discuss Elladan's release with Elrohir. Instead, they let him know in no uncertain terms that he'd best take a message home quickly or they would start sending Elladan back one piece at a time. Elrohir and his companions had no intention of leaving Elladan in the hands of these barbarians, so after making a show of leaving, they had secretly tracked the men to the maze of caverns and tunnels that lie beneath the cliffs of Norwall. That had been days ago, however, and ever since they had been searching the depths for Elladan. Without the sun to properly mark the days, it was hard to tell exactly how long it had been, but Elrohir knew it had been at least three, possibly four days that they had been underground. It might as well have been an eternity. Under the best of circumstances he despised caves, and with his twin missing, it was far from the best of circumstances. Add in those skittering noises and glimpses of something moving in the dark, and it made for one tense, unhappy elf who had been on edge since he had stepped foot in the caves. Now, despite growing exhaustion, Elrohir just wanted to keep moving—to find his brother and get out. The need was almost overwhelming and he had to force himself to sit still, knowing that Estel, not yet a man really, needed his rest and it wasn't fair to push him past his endurance. So he sat quietly while the others settled down, watching and listening in the darkness. Elrohir wasn't the only one not sleeping, however. Legolas, too, needed less sleep than the young human and so he also kept a silent vigil over their little group. He would never tell his friend, but he was becoming far more worried about Elrohir than about his twin. He had faith that they'd find Elladan and rescue him from whatever mess he'd ended up in, but he wasn't sure about how this quest would affect Elrohir. The longer they were underground, the more tense and haunted Elrohir appeared—it actually hurt to see how the strain was affecting his friend. Despite a pretense, he knew that Elrohir hadn't slept a moment since they'd left behind the open sky and was concerned about how prepared Elrohir would be for whatever awaited them. When he saw Elrohir drop his head and press his thumbs into his forehead in a clear attempt to try to smooth away pain, he decided to finally say something and whispered, "Elrohir, you should also rest while Estel sleeps. I can keep watch." Elrohir's head shot up and he looked almost guiltily at Legolas. "Nay, you sleep. I…I am not tired." "Ro," Legolas answered with concern, "I know for a fact you have not slept since Elladan was taken and you cannot hide how your head aches. Sleep while you have the chance, so you will be well rested when we find him." Glancing over to make sure that they were not waking Estel, who had dropped to sleep almost immediately, Elrohir hissed, "I cannot." He paused for a long moment before continuing wearily, "Legolas, I could be half dead with fatigue and still could not sleep in this wretched place. The very thought of being unaware in this despicable darkness makes my skin crawl. There are just too many…memories. Please understand." Legolas looked over at his friend, the flickering torchlight once more showing the dark-haired elf rubbing his forehead. Legolas did understand, but it didn't make it any easier to accept. He opened his mouth to say something else, but then shut it and nodded instead. The best thing he could do for all of his friends would be to rest himself so at least he would be ready for whatever faced them when they found Elladan. He scooted back and leaned his head against the wall of the cave, willing his body to rest as well. The last clear thought he had before he slipped into sleep was, Just don't let there be any rats. ………………. For at least another day, the three companions searched silently in the increasingly hazardous maze of tunnels. When they had first entered the caves, the tunnels had been well marked and wide, with bridges built by the men of Norwall over the deep crevices and streams that cut across the path. But they had long since left those easy trails and now traveled more dangerous, hidden pathways. They had just finished making their way up a particularly treacherous wall and onto a wide ledge when Elrohir stopped so suddenly that Legolas, who was directly behind him, nearly ran into him. "What is it?" Legolas whispered as his friend stared ahead into the darkness of a deep tunnel. When Elrohir didn't answer, the prince tapped his arm lightly in order to get his attention, but the dark-haired elf didn't move or say anything. "Elrohir?" Legolas asked in a sharp whisper, but the other still remained frozen. "What did you find?" asked Estel in a normal voice, as he came up to the two. The sound seemed to finally break through to Elrohir, who visibly flinched at the loud noise and answered in a barely audible voice, "Elladan is just ahead. Through that tunnel. I do not know if he is alone, however, so we must make no noise." Excited that their seemingly eternal search might suddenly be at an end, Estel dropped his voice to a whisper and asked, "Are you sure he's there?" The expression that Elrohir shot back at Estel was one of exasperation, irritation, and amusement. Summed up, it seemed to say "are you kidding" and Estel grinned to see it. The very normalness of it after days of seeing Elrohir acting tense and distracted lightened the mood and the teenager snickered quietly. He knew the twins had some sort of inexplicable bond that allowed them, under certain circumstances, to sense each other and from Elrohir's look, this was clearly one of those times. "Sorry," he whispered with a grin. Elrohir answered with the ghost of a grin himself, which faded as he turned back to the tunnel. He really didn't want to enter the inky darkness, something at the edge of his senses causing him to fear what he might find. But he would make himself. Elladan was on the other side, and he would walk weaponless through the depths of Mordor itself to save his twin. He could do this for him, even if the thought of entering the pitch dark hole filled him with dread. When he looked back at his companions, however, only his determination and none of the apprehension showed in his face—he was, after all, an elven warrior, so he appeared calm as he whispered, "I will take the torch and search the tunnel, then call for you when I am ready." "Shouldn't we stay together, in case there are men guarding Elladan?" asked Estel. Elrohir shook his head and answered, "Nay, I will be careful, and this way if they have laid a trap, there will still be two of you should I be taken as well." "See to it that you are careful. You know Elladan would never forgive us if you found yourself in trouble while he was not around to rescue you," said Legolas,