A/N : It has been a long time since I got back in this writing saddle and I've found I remember why I enjoyed it so much the first hundred rides. Warning : Rated M for adult themes such as slaughter, murder, and torture. You have been warned. I am also taking a major dose of creative license here! Celebrian is a little known of canon character and I get to play with her all I want! Mwuhahaha. This has not be beta'd, all mistakes are mine alone. Disclaimer : I do not own any of the Lord of the Rings characters, backgrounds, or names. I am not gaining monetary compensation for writing this nor have I stolen these ideas from any other author on this site or any other. Thank you, and please enjoy the read! oOo Running a hand over my blackened and cracked lips I hooked a calloused finger into my bow string and pulled it taught, taking aim at an orc stumbling towards our camp. The arrow sang as I released the tight string, my keen ears catching the ' thwump ' of it impacting with the orc's frontal lobe. I sighed and relaxed my arching stance, rolling my shoulders. I reached up again to rub my face, my soot and ash darkened hands trembled faintly. The dark and barren landscape seemed to press in from all around me, the faint murmurs of my camp fading as the sound of my blood pulsing filled my ears. I swallowed dryly and fought down my coming panic. The looming shadow of the villainous Mount Doom was killing me. Suddenly, all sound ceased and my ears swiveled back as I caught the tail end of a familiar call. Blinking hard I turned on my heel, passing by the elf sent to relieve me of my position. My father had called me to his tent and I went with light feet, picking my way through the sharp rubble and dead weeds. My thick boots, the boots of man, protected my hardened soles as I went down the slight hill towards the heart of the camp from which we would be launching from in the morning. We were to march on to Mount Doom. Breathing through my mouth to protect my sensitive nose the air burned its way down to my lungs in a way that I was fast getting used to. My dirtied mithril shirt tinkled like a thousand bells as I walked, the long ends tapping my knee-guards and the sleeves reaching into my gauntlets. Not for the first time I was glad that elves didn't sweat. Sweeping back the flap of my father's tent I took a step inside, feeling more stifled than ever in the hotter than hot canvas. There was a reason I had volunteered for so many outer shifts. My father stood leaning over the map of Mordor, Gil-Galad, Glorfindel, Elrond, Thranduil, and my father's kinsman Oropher all conversing in quiet voices over their plan of action. My father's brilliant blonde head came up as I stepped in, along with all the other elven lords. Butterflies erupted in my stomach as I fought not to flinch under the weighty stares of my leaders. My father's blue eyes gave me a quick glance for injures before he nodded and beckoned me over. " Yaway , pray tell me what you see," he said, his voice like icy honey as he said the name I had carried in the beginning of my life, before he was my father. My heart froze but I walked closer, unwilling to disobey him in front of his comrades. A thousand plans flashed through my head. They made room for me, each watching with a heavy stare as I looked over the map and figurines of the troops we would lead. It was pretty obvious that they didn't really want me there and I had to fight down the urge to just throw up my hands and leave. Why was I here if they didn't want me? "I take it your plan of attack is simply frontal marching?" I asked, not waiting for the obvious answer, scanning the landmarks for plateaus and hills. My gaze froze on the pass we were planning to take. "Is there a way around this?" I asked, fearing the answer. The pass would let the enemy bottleneck us and slaughter us a few hundred at a time with long-range archers as we went. "Yes, though it will divert quiet a few days of our time to go around it," Gil-Galad spoke up. I nodded. "Well, that is the best plan of action that I can se-" I stopped, coughing into my fist as my voice gave out. I took a deep breath and started again, my voice a low rasp. "If we make for the pass they will shave our numbers, our legions are unable to fit through the walls all at once." I cleared my throat again. "If they're smart, they'd pick us off as we went through until our number was much more insubstantial," I told them as shortly as I could, my eyes not leaving the map and my brow furrowed as I tried to see any more pit-falls that might await us. I rubbed my chin as I tapped the map. "If we go this way," I slid my dirtied finger over the surface, showing them the uphill march, "and go around here," I pointed at the dip in the land, "we could hit them from the side unnoticed if we make haste in our last league or so of marching." I bit my tongue and stopped talking, suddenly aware of the utter silence around me. I looked up to meet my father's gaze and found warm approval there. I breathed an internal sigh of relief. I knew that I could get carried away when I got into something and it had just occurred to me that they might have had a completely different plan in mind. I took a hurried glance around at the other males and saw either thoughtful frowns or slow nodding. I gave myself a mental pat on the back. It had been a long time since I had had to strategize aloud like that. But why had my father called me here? Just for that? I frowned at the table. "It is a worthy plan," Thranduil, son of Oropher, spoke up suddenly. I wondered if I was supposed to say thank you. "Yes," Glorfindel said next, nodding his head. "Well said." Gil-Galad spoke shortly. I nodded hesitantly and looked to my father. "Is that all, my lord?" I asked as politely as I could. Father made a tutting noise in the back of his throat and held out a flask of water for me to take. His gaze said, 'What would your mother say, you rascal, can't believe I let you talk me into coming.' I smiled and took it, turning to leave. " Yaway ," my father spoke up suddenly as I pulled back the tent flap. "Do not venture far." "Of course, sir." oOo Swinging round, the pulsing energy of the battlefield soared within me as I took down orc after orc after orc. The air sang with the song of sailing arrows and the ground pulsed with the beat of my bladesuntil my head was spinning and my vision blurred. At the foot of Mount Doom we fought and died as one and the earth drank greedily of our shared demise. Haldir was a blur of blond beside me, the flash of my ax and blade and the burning ash that spewed from the mouth of the volcano above us the only light to my eyes as I took another agent of evil apart with my swings. Then, with a climax of defeat / elation / power my enemies were gone. And I was alone. oOo The Watchful Peace had begun. oOo Shifting on my feet I watched as my father bade farewell to what remained of his fellow leaders. Thranduil, Glorfindel, Elrond, and my father were the only elven lords left standing after facing Sauron. Gil-Galad and Oropher had fallen, the songs of remembrance still vibrating on the air from the mourning elves. "Celeborn," Thranduil said, clasping my father on the arm last. My father nodded, his darkened hair swinging down his back. It almost made me smile, seeing everyone so dirty. I refrained. Barely. Patting my father's horse gently as it nickered impatiently and stomped I nearly jumped out of my skin when a shadow loomed above me. "Well met," Lord Elrond said softly, holding out his arm. I blinked in surprise and hesitantly took it, looking into his stormy grey eyes. "Merry part, my lord," I said lowly and let him go. His hold lingered, his eyes searching mine before he let go. "Indeed!" Glorfindel spoke up, clasping me on the shoulder from behind and almost sending me to the ground under his huge hand. I spun, catching his wrist before I could think about it, squeezing on the nerve between his thumb and first finger. His eyes boggled with mine when I accidentally sent him to his knees. I let him go just as fast and caught him by the elbow to haul him up again. My face was hot enough to cook an egg on. "Sorry, so sorry!" I stuttered as fast as I could. About then Elrond began to laugh, spurring Glorfindel's heated glare and my appalled and embarrassed stare. Elrond bent at the waist and just kept laughing. oOo Leaning into my mother's embrace I sighed as her hold tightened on me. Nenya pressed against my mind like a cool stream, rocking me to peace as I clutched my mother to me. Soon, my mother would let me go. Soon, I would go and retire my armor and breeches. Soon, I would go and bath the filth of battle and death off of me. Soon, I would put back on my skirts and jewelry. Soon, I would become Celebrian again. And Yaway would be pushed into the darkness of my mind from whence she came. oOo The first time I noticed something different about myself other than being so small when I could clearly remember being bigger was when my friends started to get older and I did not. I remember, clear as yesterday, the worried glance that Archer shared with Noria when I got my yearly measure for new clothing. Their glance spoke of fear, confusion, and worry. I started to worry then too. oOo I stumbled upon the wizard, Gandalf the Grey, half-mad with grief and rage at the death of my family. Archer, beautiful, lovely human Archer, had passed in common childbirth. Of all things. Then, Noria, short and stout and so strong had been slain by the townspeople for witchcraft. I had been stuffed in a chest kicking and screaming and tossed in the river to die. They were too cowardly to kill a child, too afraid that I never aged, and too stupid to know that I was very, very strong. Standing half-drowned in the high reeds on the bank of that river I vowed that I would kill the people who killed my family. Walking in the dark to our small, humble shack I stared in horror at the smoldering remains of my home. Picking through the ashes I found Noria's ax and Archer's bow. That wasn't all I cared about though and so I stumbled to the woods beside my home and dug up our box of treasure. Rings that were for a hand much larger than mine went on a long chain to hang around my belly. Bracelets of glass beads fell heavily around my thin wrists and bone combs pulled back my hair as I slipped into a dry cloak and grabbed the empty canteen. Last, I grabbed a long, wickedly curved knife and went to fulfill my promise.